Hoh Tom Cbarteris Spent One Christmas. By ESSE1L When I first became a^uainted with Tom Charteris he was a subaltern in the 16th Lancers, and I suppose you will admit he could not have been in a faster corps, or one the members of which better understood -the art and mystery of spend ing, or rather throwing away, money. Thanks to a long nursing of his property during 'hiw minority — for his father died when Tom was a yearling — he was pos eessed of an income of about £8,000 a year ; but the pace he went soon reduced it. A raopper over the Flying Dutchman's Derby of 1849, and a run of bad luck all through the season up to the second October meeting at Newmarket of the same vear, followed bv injudicious invest ments on the Steeples, landed Tom amongst the Philistines ; and having once got into the books of George Samuel Ford, the aristocratic money-lender of the day — 'Ford the Finisher' as he was fami liarly called, the man who felt inclined to cut his throat when his filly Poison won the Oaks and he had ' laid' her— ^once in his books and it was not at all likely he would ever get out of them with an acre left to call his own. The only man I ever knew perform that miracle was MoBtyn Lloyd Mostyn, sometime partner with the late Viscount Clifden, when they plunged for poor Lord George Bentinck's stud, at the time he finally gave up the turf for the senate, and the Duke 3iis father paid hi3 debts for the goodness-knows-how-manyth time. It was not the turf alone, however, which led to Tom's ruin. The board of green cloth in Bennett and Jermyn streets had a good deal to do with it, and so had a snug little box in the Avenue-road, St. John's Wood, and a house in Wilton place, Knightsbridge, with dark-green broughams and ? pony phjetons, as well as carte blanche at Storr and Mortimer's. Anyway, two years- in the 16th were enough* to induce the swell lancer to exchange into the line — a change which did not suit Tom's fancy at all; for al though the mess consisted of a lot of ex ceptionally gentlemanly fellows, yet they were hot of the same set to which he had been accustomed. The pace, however, which they wentj although not so rapid as the Lancers', was -juite fast enough to ex haust the nearly vacuous purse of poor 'Tom. The Crimean war opportunely intervened , and his regiment was ordered to the' East. . - During that memorable and 'miserable ! '. campaign Tom managed to keep bis head above water pretty well, and ; through his pluck and dash succeeded in \ being mentioned mote iian once in general orders, besides gaining a cap taincy. Careless and lighthearted as he usually was, one incident hurt him deeply, and that was when sitting on his pony he saw his old regiment go down to the valley of death on jaded chargers — scarcely fit to carry their own- bones, let alone- their riders^-to take part in Nolan's mistake, the ever famous Balaklava charge ; and when he saw the remnant of them emerge from the carnage — beaten, but not cowed —that was the moment when Tom Char teris most keenly felt the loss of his for tune which had compelled him to leave the splendid regiment to which he had formerly belonged. *? Yes, by Jove', he said to himself,: ' money is some good after , alL I might have been in that if I had not fooled mine away.9 After the completion of the campaign Tom returned to England with his regi ment, and very soon after his money troubles beganagain. Tradesmen and Jew : money-lenders became more and more im portunate, and Charteris saw that there was only one thing to be done, and that was to sell out, call a meeting of his credi tors, and divide the remnant of his for tune, amongst them. True, his mother, who had saved money from her liberal jointure, wished to pay hi? debts; but, un like many of his congeners, he did not care, about sponging on his mother, and turned a deaf ear to all her persuasions in thai respect, and carried out his original intention of retiring from the army and cutting his'' way to prosperity with some i weapon other than the sword. It was not likely that a fellow of Tom Oharteris's temperament should altogether escape the wiles of woman; and, truth to telL, he had fallen. desperately in love, as he thought, with Minnie Westbrook, second daughter of Lord Marlyn, and she had : done the same foolish thing, as she also thought, with Tom ; but then, you see, Tom Char teris was worth £8,000 a year with a 1 deuced nice place' in Berkshire. When, 1 however, Tom went to everlasting smash Mies Westbrook's passion cooled to frigidity, and the object of it soon be came aware of the unwonted coolness. He did not mourn very deeply, nor did he become heart-broken. His self-esteem was -certainly somewhat wounded, and being naturally of a true and loyal , sort he was a good deal cut up for a time at the girl's heartlessness and defection. He was too proud, however, to allow his xeal feelings to be seen, and wore the ' iron is ask of courtesy' bravely. The lovers parted without apparent eino ; tion, but there was a lump in each of their throats as their hands met for the last time. ^ Oh ! dear reader, it is so always. We cannot love, even ever so I little, without feeling the light fall of that : love's ashes on our hearts. Who of us who have grown old is there who cannot \- remember the ? brief pangs accompanying : the severance from some one we were learning' to love? I remember one, amongst many flirtations, which haunts me like a dream— a flirtation of only one ? night. I recollect every particular of it, . whilst those of hundreds of others are blotted from my memory. I remember every petty detail of the costume worn by the girl I saw that night, and danced with \- repeatedly, never to see again. I recollect the parting, as I shook hands with her — she sitting in her mother's carriage, I standing on the pavement — how that : parting pressure was returned ; how I caught ?the bouquet of yellow roses and violets she dropped for me (I had pressed ? her for one flower before) j how I saw the glimmer of stearin each soft brown eye as the carriage drove away, taking that which might have saved me from a life of misery and despair for ever from 'my sight ; how, left standing on the pathway alone, I noticed the first rosy hue of dawn serving as a background to the departing, vehicle, and how I was recalled to myself by the next carriage driving up and the necessity for getting my hat and coat before departing too. How I treasured those poor flowers for years would make the prosaic smile. That sweet face is ever present with me when my mind wanders back to old times, even now in my old age. In many a terrible scene and momentary danger the memory of that night has shot like lightning into my mind — in battle, in shipwreck, and in worse the memory of those few brief hours spent with her has strangely touched my now withered heart. Did Bhe ever think of me 1 Do not let me doubt it ; let me believe, -as I have ever done, that cruel fate separated two hearts which should have beat in unison. But this is a most unwarrantable digression. Tom Charteris having once made up his mind to make the plunge, very soon made it. Ilis commission was eold, his creditors met at the office of the family solicitor; who, unknown to Tom, paid them in full with money supplied by Mrs. Charteris, and the ex-soldier found himself posi tively penniless. He was not without plenty of friends, however, though poor, strange to say. His ancles came forward and offered him assistance with both money and their interest, but Tom Char-; tens had taken it -into his head that he could not live amongst the old set when in such different circumstancei, and-he re solved to try ihe -Colonies j fikihg-upon Anstiraaiayilugtta'bifet. ? - - ? ? ? ' ' Hm mctlifejy 'who-was i still a*ompaira twi6^.-ybu^*ornan-'fcwing -married *ery young, and his sisters, l&oth; married anj single, did their best to dissuade Mm from what they looked upon as quixotic ; but Tom was immovable. 'I'll make my fortune in a couple of years, mother, mind,' said he, 'and then Til return and buy the old place back, and lay ray bones in the proper place when the time comes.' Those were the days when Australia was looked upon as El Dorado, and the imagination of emigrants conjured up visions of untold wealth, of gold by the ton, and golden ingots by the yard. And so it vas finally settled that Tom Char teris should proceed to Sydney, from whence he could set out to seek the rapid fortune he intended to make. His mother . had always kept a snug room, half bedroom half sitting-room, sacred to Tom, and in this he passed many of his last days in England, care fully oiling his guiis and laying up his treasures in the shape of cricket bats, fishing-rods, foils, &c.; , in lavender, ready for use -when he should return. Ah, when 1 And so the eve of his departure arrived, and there was a great gathering of the Charteris family at hin mother's. Everybody tried to be cheerful, more especially Tom, but the wistful look in his mother's face made cheerfulness some what difficult. Far into the night Torn and his mother sat, after the guests had departed, and indeed they might as well havesat up all night for all the sleep either of them had. The last morning dawned — all too soon for Mrs.' Charteris — the last farewells were spoken, and Tom Charteris, the pet of the 16_th Lancers and one of the best fellows of his day, started on his journey in search of independents. He had consented tO| accept as a loan from his mother the funds to provide an outfit and pay his passage, as well as £500, so that when he arrived in Sydney, after a quick but uneventful voyage, he was not altogether without funds. Having several letters of introduction, amongst which was one to the Governor, he soon found himself, to his astonishment, running the gauntlet in a world bf gaiety such as he never anticipated, rto see at the antipodes, waltzing and pplkkingtothesame waltz and polka tunes he thought he had left behind, and otherwise enjoying himself in a most unexpected and pleasant manner. Living in the . agreeable present, he forgot the undefined future, unttT'he was abruptly reminded of it by a bank clerk politely telling him one day when he went to cash a cheque for a ' pony1 that he only had £20 remaining to his 'credit. This was somewhat of a damper, for he was engaged to several balls and dinners, and did not feel half inclined to forego those gaieties ; but stern fate ordered otherwise, and Tom at once made up his mind to start for the diggings. Fortunately he- owed very little, and by the Judicious sale of some of his jewellery he found himself with about a hundred pounds in his pocket, ready for a start. Writing excuses to the people to whom he was engaged, he took the first boat to Melbourne, and from thence went to BaUarat. Here he met with the varying success of the gold-digger', for dig he did in earnest, in spite of blisters and aching arms. ' Tomr the swell,' as he was called, became a general favorite, and found no difficulty in getting mates wherever, he was. From BaUarat he went to the Ararat goldfield, then to Castle maine, then Bendigo, Forest Creek, Dunolly, and ever so many more dig gings, but the two years slipped away and the ( fortune' was as 'far off as ever* if not farther. The last field he tried was the Lambing Flat, in $Jew South Wales, where he; eventually became. a 'stone broker,' and from whence lie started ' on the wal laby,' with his swag upon his back and very little in his 'stomach. Station after station ,&id; Tom Charfceris try for work, but; his appearance was against him — he couldn't hide his ' swell' attributes, albeit he did not try, not know ing how they militated against his suc cess. In spite of moleskin trousers and Scotch twill shirt he always looked a gen tleman, and the general opinion amongst the squatters of those days was that broken-down swells were useless, and they. refused to employ them accordingly. That idea is exploded nowadays, I believe, and it is pretty generally understood that a gentleman can work as well as: a: man brought up to labor if he is obliged to do so. Mile after mile Tom travelled, groaning inwardly at the absolute necessity of ac cepting the unwillingly granted hospitality of the squatter princes,, and devotedly, hop-, ing as he approached each homestead that his luck would turn at last. The shearing season was approaching, and as the ' sun downers' gradually decreased in numbers his spirits rose accordingly. Surely, he thought, I'll ge,t a job soon now. . He had travelled some twelve or thirteen hun dred miles' in and out, up and down, when one afternoon he found himself ap proaching a station in- the western district of Victoria. The overseer was standing at the door of his hut as Tom approached. 'Can you give me a job, sir V said he. The overseer, who was a Scotchman, and a Highlander to boot, eyed him closely and said, 'Haye you come far to-day ; itV a long way off sundown yet ?' 'I've come about twenty- five miles, I reckon.' ' Then you've .passed two stations,' said the overseer dubiously. 'I have,' said Tom. .' What can you do V 'I can work,' 4 Accustomed to sheep f ' No sir, but I'm willing to learn. ' ' All right, riliay you; fifteen shillings a week and yourtucker. You look, tired ; go down to the men's hut and tell the. cooktogiveyouafeed. Got any tobacco ? No. Well, com.e over to -the store — I'll give you some on account. I suppose you smoke? Yes. Come along then — you don't look as if you would bolt and do me out of it.' And so at last Tom Charteris got work, but it ? did not promise very much in the way of a fortune. He was thankful, how ever, for small mercies, and worked with a will, so much so that the overseer told him he would give him a pound a week Shearing came on And was completed. All the extra hands who had been employed were discharged with the exception of Tom Charteris, whom the overseer, Mr. McDonald, told he could stay on if he liked. Of course he did like, for he saw no immediate prospect of making that rapid fortune. During the time he had been away Tom had written, pretty frequently to .his; mother, and had made his letters as cheerful and hopeful as he conscien-. tiously could ; but for. all that they gave her many a heartache, a fact which was plainly apparent to her son when he read her replies, in every -me of which she be sought him: to return home. Too prQud and self-reliant, however, he temporised, and promised at some early future to comply with her wishes. In the mean time he attended to the daily routine of the station work with never- flagging in dustry—now bullock-driving, for he soon became an expert 4 bull- puncher,' now post and rail or brush fencing, then boundary-riding, he became a well trusted employe, and before another year was over was promoted to the position of storekeeper and ration-carrier to the out lying huts. The station, which was a large one, be longed to a widow lady named Maxwell, who had one child, an only daughter, who at this time was about nineteen. The Maxwells were from good stock, the late husband of Mrs. Maxwell having been the younger son of a Scotch baronet, and his widow the daughter of a Gloucester shire squire. Edith Maxwell was a native-born Australian, and a very lovely specimen of the species. * Bronze brown hair, brown eyes, straight nose, delicious lips, and a figure.- -to. dement the gods, a perfect horsewoman, and what .is more rare perhaps, * perfect j-edestnaa. , Many a tmte.'did; ^QiHCEbwteris ^^d^ 4usAe& iiiDkirig t-wau«hrof thia feu* b' -sfcft# jand just as often did he crush back the thoughts with a muttered 'bosh' and a vigorous puffing of his black clay pipe. Of eourse lie himself did not escape discussion in the house, and many con jectures were made as to whether his name was really Charteris. It was decided by the ladies that there was no doubt about his being or having been a gentle man. 'Committed some folly, perhaps crime,' the elder lady said. * Not crime, 1 am sure, mamma,' said the younger ; ' he looks as if he had spent a heap of money, and is asliamed of it. Don't you notice how he always tries to get out .of the way whenever we approach.' 4 Yes, my dear ; and I can well under stand, if he has really been in a good position, how galling his present state must be to him. I knew some people named Charteris, when I was a girl ; they had a place in Berkshire. I wonder if lie is any relation.' A ie\\\ days after this conversation a packet of letters arrived for To:n Charteris, which had, as usual, been re directed at. the Sydney post-office, and with the curiosity inherent in woman Edith Maxwell closely examined them before sending them out to the overseer with others to be given to the men. 'Oh! mamma,' exclaimed she, 'three of the letters for Charteris bear the Reading postmark. Isnt Heading in Berkshire I Was it near there that the people you knew lived V * Yes, my dear, about five niiles from Reading. What a ladylike handwriting ; his mother's, I suppose. Poor thing, how she must.-feel his being in sucha position.' 4 Why, you don't really suppose that he would tell his mother he has been bullock driving, mamma,' said the younger lady, from which remark it may be safely con cluded that she had a very high opinion of the storekeeper. A few minutes later Edith Maxwell sauntered out of the house with the packet of letters in her hand, but instead of as usual giving them to the cook to carry, to the overseer, she walked over to the store, whither she had just -seen from the window Tom Charteris wending his way. 'Here are some letters for you, Mr. Charteris.' 'Thanks, miss,' said Tom, blushing like a schoolgirl, which was an accomplishment he did not learn in the 16th Lincers. ' You have friends in Berkshire, I pre sume, Mr. Charteris. I noticed the post mark ' Reading' accidentally.' ' Yes, jniss ; I was born there.3 ' Oh, indeed i mamma knew some people bearing your name, years. ago, in Berk shire.' 'Yes, miss.' The conversation, here came to a. dead lock; as Tom dived into the flour-bin, and thie young lady did not know what to say next, and was indeed somewhat ashamed of hex-self for having gone so far as she had. She. came to the conclusion, how ever, that upon close inspection Tom Charteris was a better-looking fellow than she had previously considered him, and shortly afterwards might have been heard to say to herself ' absurd/ in fact her mother did hear her, and asked her 4 What is absurd, Edith f 'Did I say absurd, mamma? What could I have been *h miring of, I wonder 2 i suppose I was dreaming 'iyith my eyes open,' *Well, you don't looh sleepy, my dear,' said the elder lady. Tom Charteris was .not at this time, be it understood j an inmate of the 'men's hut. ' When he was promoted to the posi-. tion of storekeeper he-was also promoted to a share of the overseer's hut,, and the two became fast Mends. McDonald was no less proud of his descent ; indeed, he made more of it than -the ex-Lancer, and many and long were the confabulations they had over their evening pipes. Both were ambitious for fortune, and singularly enough for a similar purpose, to repur chase the estates of their forefathers. ?The ball is at both our feet, Charteris, if we only know when to kick,' said McDonald one night. ' Do you think so, old chap,' returned the othfiT. ' It appears to me such a slow; old game ; I almost despair of success.' 'Nonsense, man,3 said the canny Scot. . 'The race is not always to the Bwift, and that you ought to know, for I expect you Have been fast enough in your time.' ''Yes, byJbve,' said Tom with a sigh, knocking the ashes out of his^pipe, 'I've been a blessed donkey, you can bet your bottom dollar. But I shouldn't much care if it wasn't for the mater's sake. I fancy I could live happily and comfort ably even in ihe buBn on certain con ditions.' : \- 4 A nice wife and a good sheep-station, eh, Tom?' ' Well, yes,' answered Tom, stooping to pick up a match to hide an involuntary blush. ' And even that might come, old man, when least expected.' ' ]Sfb such luck for me, McDonald. I pitched good fortune overboard years ago,' * So you think, Charteris; but luck must turn some day, and then — why back your opinion and plank your dollars without blinking ; you've done it before I expect.' 'Yes, and lost.' And so they chatted night after night, first about the station work, and then perhaps about the topics of the day ; but somehow the conversation always veered round to their personal concerns and their hopes and fears. At last one night, led on by McDonald, Tom related his past history to his companion. I am not quite sure that Miss Edith Maxwell had ?'?not some thing to do with this, for guarded as were her allusions to lie overseer about Charteris, it did not escape the Scotchman, that she would like to know something of his antecedents. Desirous always of pleasing the girl, McDonald induced Tom to reveal something of his past life, and afterwards gave Mrs. Maxwell and her daughter as true- and .particular account of the events as he deemed advisable,; suppressing of course the St. John's Wood and Wilton- place episodes. 'I knew his father and mother then,' said Mrs. -Maxwell; 'indeed I knew his mother before her marriage, and a very lovely and lovable girl she was.' ' Can we not do something to help him, mamma V ' My dear,' replied the more cautious mother, 'we really do not know that this story is true. Remember there are such people as impostors, and that man may have known all the particulars of the life cf Captain Charteris, and yet not be Captain Charteris.5 'Oh, mamma^' said the- girl, ' I am sure he is not an impostor. ' 4 Well, darling, we can easily set the inatter at rest by writingto Mrs. Charteria, which I will do by the next outgoing mail ? and if he is really her son, nothing will give me greater pleasure than helping him to become independent.' This conversation took place in July, and Mrs. Maxwell kept her word by writing to her old friend upon the subject.; Notwithstanding the caution of the widow Tom Charteris, could not but notice that he was treated with much more considera tion after Ids exposition of his past life to the overseer. He was slow, however, to connect the subjects, and felt very grate ful for the kindness shown to him. Had he known the real cause of the change which so much enhanced his comfort he would probably have resented it as a liberty, and very possibly, have severed his connection with the establishment. Shearing time -came round again, and the day before the -shed was opened for work Mr. McDonald said, 'Charteris, I am deputed by Mrs. Maxwell to say that from to-day your salary, will be doubled, as you will be required to take charge of all the ^mtside work, ; -sheep- washing, i&- cludcd., in audition-to y.pnr. usual work, so £hat your responsibilities will -be ''greatly i&ci;*im&'- -.. . . : --., ... ...... , . . ? ? .:?^lt%-VCI7JkiB^^.n9f^^^{w^ld3»'flU^ Tom, 'and I.hopeyoa,will£xpressio.her . « my gratitude for her goodness.1 - - ' All light, old boy ; but you are worth your screw, you know,' returned the over seer. And so our hero gradually found him self rising in the world, although the for tune which was to. repurchase the paternal acres was yet a vision of the future. He ' kept his object always in view, however, and although he did not positively become an ascetic, and could take his nobbier as cheerfully as his fellows, he never joined in the debaucheries so prevalent amongst the denizens of the Australian bush. Even Mr. McDonald, steady and per severing as he generally was, was not wholly exempt from the customary habit, and occasionally indulged in a two or three days' spree, for which he always made up by extra care and watchfulness of his em ployer's interest upon his return to the station. It had been the custom pre vious to Tom Charteris's promotion feo the storekeepership for Mr. McDonald to dine with Mrs. 3Iaxwell and her daughter on Sunday, when there were generally two or three visitors in the persons of neighboring squatters or their marriageable sons, would-be suitors, indeed, for the hand of Edith. This custom had been j discontinued since Charteris began to mess with the overseer, at the latter's thoughtful suggestion ; but on the Sun day morning following the conversation above- mentioned, Mr. McDonald con veyed to him the information that Mrs. Maxwell wished them both to dine with i her that day. Tom would have refused the invitation point-blank, but, upon con- j sideration, he saw that it would appear j very ungracious indeed. As the time j approached for them to go over to the j house he became positively nervous, a most unwonted feeling for him, and one which he never used to feel when going to dine at the tables of the aristocracy at home. A couple of young squatters were already installed on the verandah chattiDg with the ladies when McDonald and he made their appearance. The former was received cordially by the visitors, he being, somewhat of a favorite in the neighborhood, but Tom received nothing but a stony stare, until Mrs. Maxwell introduced him to them, when they bowed stiffly, for they both recollected him as a ' rouse-about hand' and. a bullockdriver, and did not quite relish his being suddenly placed on a familiar footing with; them. Little did they ken- the mental comparison being mode by Edith Maxwell between them and the tall ex-Lancer, all unfavorable as it was to them. Charteris soon found himself placed at his ease, and forgetting in the pleasurable society of women of taste and cultivation his subordinate position, his old manner asserted itself, and he chatted away as gaily as the rest, and with a debonair ease which somewhat astonished the colonial bred youths on the opposite side of the table. The ice being thus, as it were, broken, ? Tom and McDonald were frequent guests at Mrs. Maxwell's dinner and tea table, and the former quickly ingratiated him self in the elder lady's favor, whilst the younger gradually ceased to make use of the word - ''absurd,' whilst Tom. was more frequently heard to ejaculate * bosh.' Tune sped on. TM shearing was con cluded, and Mrs. Maxwell- and her daughter went to Melbourne for a few weeks.1 They were -tor -return ;^boufe a fortnight before Christmas, as it was their custom always to make a sort of general feast for their -employes on -the station and their families on Christmas day;' A couple of bushrangers had been very busy for some months throughout New South Walesy and lately they had -crossed the border and appeared to be working their way westward. Atrocious ruffians both, according to all -accounts, who stuck at nothing. Robbery-- and 'murder were as nothing to some of their deeds, and they were the1 terror of ; the women in whatever part of the colony they might be. The police they - had - completely set at defiance, and --up toihe^ime'of which I am; writing had liad it dil -their own Vay, sticking up banks, townships, -and stations at their own sweet will, and living on the ? fat of 'the - land -at the ex pense of- the terrified inhabitants. As the time drew near- for the return of Mrs. Maxwell and Tier -daughter to the: station, these two scoundrels were heard of, gradually making their way apparently to the district, and -Tom, sitting one night on the: moonlit verandah of the hut with McDonald smoking the last pipe be fore bed, ;said, 'Do ;you know, Mac, I think you ought to write and beg Mrs. Maxwell not to come home until these blackguards are disposed of or have left the district.' 4 Just the very thought that was passing through my head/ said the other. *I will writeat once ; 'fortunately to-morrow is mail day,' and suiting the action to the word he went indoors and penned a note to the suggested effect. It ~was too late, however, for Mrs. Maxwell and Edith had ?' left Melbourne the day before the letter arrived-at their hotel on their return journey, and a few days before Christmas -they reached the homestead: An explanation showed -that' the 'well- meant letter of -the overseer had not been in time, and the ladies both admitted that had they received it they shbuld certainly have taken the iadvice tendered. Already they had had a scare; and had narrowly escaped meeting the bushrangers, who had been .prevented -from sticking up a1 station at which; they had stayedthe pre-; vious evening by the opportune biitacci dental arrival of a party of troopers- on their way to a township -a few miles away, to' reinforce the constables there. 4 Had you not better retunr to town;, Mrs. Maxwell V suggested Tom -Charteris. \- ' Why that would be putting our heads into the lion's mouth, MivGharteris,' said Mrs. Maxwell. * No, now we are here, we must take our chance, and depend upon you and Mr. McDonald to defend us.: ' I trust the occasion may -not arise, Mrs. Maxwell,' replied Tom, 'but if it does you may rely upon1 my; doing. my best to give an account of -the -ruffians.* 4 1 believe you, Mr. -5harteris, but' nevertheless I am afraid we shall both feel rather nervous so long as these gentry remain in the district; ' Tlie proximity of -the bushrangers did not prevent thepreparations for the forth coming Christmas festivities being pro ceeded with, aad';ievery one about the station was -busy witii some detail or other. A couple of days before Christmas a fat bullock, which had been spotted and re seryea for the loccasion, ^was-run in and slaughtered, geese, turkeys, fowls, and ducks departed 4Jub: life^ in unwonted numbers. Tom 'dharteris „ contributed some wild turkeys and scrub^heasants to the-larder ; ;tait8,rpuddirigs,43akes, jellies, and various other ' goodies were Btowed away-iii pantry-and store; the woolshed was' gaily decorated with greenery and paper flowers for the ball ; and all was bustle and excitement at the 'homestead. Everyone was so busy that the bush ranger scare was completely forgotten for the time, and when at hist the work of preparation was complete on Christmas eve, and the guests began to arrive-*- for several squatters' families who lived too far away to come and go on one day came to stay overnight to be ready for the ap-' proaching festivities — the thought of the two miscreants gave-rise to little uneasi ness, as the number of men collected together appeared ±o give immunity from danger from such a small force as the bushrangers could bring. Notwith standing this, however, McDonald and Charteris never ~ parted with their 're- volvers, for they both had a kind of £re sentirnent that sooner or later they., would be oalledupon to useihenvin the defence oiMas. Maxwell ondiEdrth. i L-i Christinas evejcame to anr end, .and^all .wa* quiets the ia6mestead. The; two 6*^jd«r, pretty -wellftir^ out, were «nok jiig'a 1£et ^jfjpei^fo^Y^hmujig m, whent t^e JBOund'oT;^ -fuflpg' ^&4p$& iowarcte \- i ? ?? . the. station made Jhem .start. and Jnyoluu- tarily feel the butts of tiieir.Tevolv.ers. .. Listening attentively for a'iujl mihiifce,' ' McDonald first broke the silence, 'There is only one coming,' said he, 4I wondear' ' who it can be, some guest most likely.' '' 'There he is/ said Tom, 'just rounding the paddock fence, he is on a grey ; it's . not the bushrangers any way, that's - comfort at any rate.' ' J J The mystery was soon cleared up as the ; horseman approached and revealed' the ^ well-known form of one of the boundary'-'' riders. Dismounting, he came straight np to the overseer's hut. 'Hullo, Curtis,' said McDonald, ' what's the matter : what brings you in at this time of night?' ' AVell, sir,' my mate, little Tom Pollen, fell off his horse this evening and broke ' his thigh. 1 managed to carry him up to the hut and put him on his bed, and my old woman has done what she could for ' him. I had a precious race after grey . Dolly there, or I'd have been in before.' ' Tight, 1 suppose, eh, Curtis ?' ' W eU, he was a bit on, sir, and that's ' the truth.' 4 Now, Charteris, what's the best thing ~ to do ?' said McDonald. ' ?-'? 1 Why I must go for Dr: Spoonhiil,Tsiip: pose, and take him over to the poor chfcp:' J 4 And that means a fifty-four MeMjatf* , before it's over^ and you. are 'tired iout.f; now.' ' ?''' ?'?.'* ''Oh, never mind that. Youhad betters keep Curtis with you to:nighti' riI'soVjnJ catch Sultan ; he is about the most reliable, in the paddock for a quick long journey^ And taking a bridle on his arm Tom ldst no time in going after the horse. : Sultan '^ was a tractable old stockhorse, but if he, had known what was before him the^a^* . bability is lie would hot have allowed, himself to be so easily caught as he did.' The saddle was. speedily adjusted, and Tom swallowed a caulker of wh|sigjaiid;-- - lighted his pipe before ' vaulting^pn^^his1 - steed's' back. 'Xeep your Jears'op'|^v. Mac,' said he, _ . .\ '' r '.''' 'Never fear old chappie ;; you don'tt ?'':? catch a weasel -asleep.' .' ''.'.. ? : As Tom started off^at a canter it' .was.1 just one o'clock in the morning, an^lfe' had a. ride of thirty rmles before hini? to ^ ; . the doctor's Tiouae. Sulten'was a staler,' \ however, and without u^ecesaarilypuBh-,4 ing him Charteris reache1d-nts^m*'j^at-u ney's end at about half-jraat* fonr. o'clock. ?:-._ ATI the way he had been ftiijitiing^iWiwjW^' for not: having sent, one . of ?theianen5an^1' : staying at the station himself.1 '^lieibuSIr-l -? rangers haunted him '?dunrog , Ithe^-Sjpej :*.-:? ; 7 and he promised that '\ he'. wbiild'^ie^erf f orgjve himself if : anything 'iappen^d' to - the ladies whilst he was away.' j'-If ;w?ut '''.--' broad daylight as he /r'oo^ ,;up ibp* ^tev- ;:-? doctor's dbpr^and the'worthy'iaaw;lio1ie»| :. was soon . on the alert. A fulf hour was cut to waste, howeVer,-beforehe wasissiwl to start, as he had to nkke aErarMem|nS' -? for being away from home ''jap. Jong' ^ \;-: time as he anticipated he should! be.' - ' '. ''' -.. ; It was about twenty- six *jn^es* as 'the . -. crow flies thrp'uljh'thebii^jto^th^-il^* ;l lying boundary rrideT'Si hjfl^ where -^.^ojn ; ^ Pullen lay - with aTjroken thtghV .Chm^- . ' teris knew the bush, well, .and *TT-j topp3' past nine he landed ;the;dobtbr'at-thejiu^j ^ * Dismounting, and teiiering^henrjho'rsfek^ -;: they entered fche.huty wJie^e^S^ A^'i the boundary-rider, Curtis'sjrwire^at her wits end, sna. the patient delixtpuSi t ~ ? ?'??:'?'. '?'?{. |(Tlus is serious, Jisai3 thido^dtu '^ '?'?'? ''' .'' '' 4 It seems sp,' iej-lied_Tpra.I ? ,f i '.'i ~_^yl ' ?'?' ? ' ?-*-. and *the doctoxv.. wish Tnft.^Rflffifffwnfoft.Ffffr' - *'* Charteris, J«VT-npfiflfl3'tA A^inii»wj^r-^iiln|^* - '-.-. ; foim,' as' to^'attej^t'tp.^^^i;^!^!;^^ Pullen's delirious Ocbndi^n ; yratbon^ ^it ? .: would /have been fjitile. '.-'.'. ' l\ ' ,.^ '.'? *i; v^ The job-was completed allaitj fatfLu£ ;:_'- opiate administered. - -- A'JFfer- 'sl iHmA^liq '..?* poor fellow went off into an.imE^i^BUim^ ' ? -f;: what was best to be o^n^. i-Se':was,icliaSae ='??'. ? ??'?' at the delay in reaching liqfe*,'j|M^^oyr V; he foresaw that hk return m^b^^ign^r^ -: : ; delayed. The station was ^nj^^n^ji^^^;;! away, and he could not possibly lea^ejf|e'-: poor woman, already faggeji.outj-jto^fopk ; f;i after PuHen. 'Doctor,' saiape, *jdjij|^lJ^ir-1: better rideover to the homlst^wi^yo^ttt ^ be in time ior lunch. Eindlyjtell 3£r»I -V! \: McDonald to send . Curtis -or some, hiiu&Er; 'Tt man to relieve me. ' I amra^e)r:surpjw-^;:f;;i -,; he has sent no one.' '.'',-- ??' ''' 't 2z ?'?' '??' ^-^- -?' 4 All right,' said' the' doc^^.nothj^gp ;$ loth to getaway, and he was sb^n oiiilus i^ road. ? . . : . .... x^ .' ??^?i;^fUS^ It was now well nigh. noon,yand 3jafflfc''7':j',' : excitement was' on ..ihe',ancMJi^.''^^raaS^w;;^ McDonald from sending'' Curti& WSwnjy*' -?' one to help me. : Hpwerer, jthft^ wp^mn.^ ?'?' -.:/ must be thought of.' Turning 3». herv^ej 5: :'i -- ' ; ssld, ' Your. Christmasris spoiled^ 'ilra, -; -;-.:h- : Curtis', but it cannot be l^p^^pjr;ypK-; '?'?':'? '?? had better go and, lie down. J'jtf.iimg^gi- ?}£ Pullen until you? lusbaxid ot wmeijonei^ - else comes to retieye, me.VT-^'i^nr^stw|i^:--.^:; hours,. passed, and ' still ;.iio';.on^ .came,;. ;?: thi^e '. o'clock, ...«ind. JPom. ' ,wa&jawL;£^^^ V.V delirious aaPuHenj whostiU^eptsoundls^v ; had. been ; half -past ^ee.andnaloney^^- -; yes-Tr-no— yes !. the ^\nid of .a^orsejjat^ ';: tie gallop. Who^was '*t? ' .^h^.dpcTjO^i -.- ?- ? What brings Mm back 2 ['.'.'. .... .,.-'- :' '. i ; ; V\ ', ' Why, doctorj ,yon didn't, Jose, .^osur J ? way, did you?' .. . ' ?',..? . ?.''';„ '^-:.:$ X*: , 'lfp,Tjy. Jupiter,r. .Charteris, ^it^Jjh^ : . J ' homestead's stuck. up by those Jwp'^u^^r; ;; : ranging demons!' . : . ... -.. if '. /j..^.'-':. 'Stuck-up! How doyouingw? .Ho«-f: -. ? did you get away V . .:.'...'. '.-''?=' -^? '.-; 4 1 never quite reached there-Trmet att/ ; / ? ; old black gin, at the: corner of the jfcjfliEBja^: . . -'-? \ paddock, who pulled me up witn ^fW^^ .';.- ; way that one Tom Charteris -s^^ddw^ii'fj \ i So I toM,her whereypuJ^ere. ' ^gafeyoT^j-.; '. ; go alongagunyah; that one, bf^ranggrf : - : stickj 'em up^all about ;; 'jyoil pill^aw^r^ :.-.'??' ' fetch' inn Tom Gbarferis ;, you %11 iiunV \\- Missie Edith wantfinL.' '' 'J;. ??/, -.\'^,k ? ' Great God, nry.h'orse^ you'llstayieaaV doctor, like a good feUow?' and wlfl^aBti -; another word Tom was 'off. ln: less jlhanj five minutes het was- gaUoph^. jtbwarfls : the homestead, and Sultaa'p^ record Ipj^ ; that fifteen miles was the fastest; Bp groe' made. Fast as lie went, however, it^waSj. half -past A. o'clock- before he ieache^'*he horse-paddock, at the corner of; which, squatted jEEza, the .old iiibra. .,'...', V , ',' ?G^odpnyoUjM&tei.Toiri;^ypn^oiani, , revclver, bud&eiy;? YouIeave'|un^arjsmuL i along a patldocki and corne^png o',i^ 0 '.'/Tom. ywaa. too- . excited Cto.rsay *noxe\ ?' ?Qian,™ ' All right, ElisL. old. girl g. come,. '. bridle. he . turnedSuflan loose^-jn |he JNd^. . dock through an-- fldia-^i)it.ii!upr£a^f^ii^ML' with .Jhe ready prompti^^ ^ asofdier, '. he submitted himself to the guidance 'o|[* the hibra, whom he, clearly. sawltnewhp^ to compass the. position- betjfer fhanjjh^ did. ' ' ' . ':'.:''''' ;. .'''-?,..,- ??? . We must now. xeturn _to; McDao^d; where we left him on the verandah of hls^ . hut. After the departure of TonxChartens the overseer smoked, another pipe 1 a^dr , swallowed another whisky, adnunisterggg thesame medicine to Ciuto,|he boundary-, rider, to whom,he gave blankets to. maKe). a shake down. ,,,... ?;. 'It's precious hot, Curtis j I vote wo* sleep out here on the-verandah ; :werah^|I ..--? be more likely tp hear, anything, ™niwim|jy . ' .'?? than if we were inside.3 - ^ '. %, T7 * All right, : sir. I'xa agreeabjle, .andX believe I s/mti sleep, too,^ said 13uriasJ t '' 'Well, I jnust try an^t be Jsrat^fo^^ returned, the overseer, 'Weiieyer^ew; .- when the rangers might turn pp.\ 0 ' - VU '? ~S5Tou don't 'expect them to-nigh^ ^ you, sir tasked Curias* : - .//'' 'Well, no ? J^jpic^i^a^nk M^ venture, knowiM Jfow many, peopl^^^^ft ace here, aTig^. of course, &e;^\kaow^^yr . ttingAboutw place^ libwf veV ife?y?(fi5ft out,' BaidHpDpnald. ~ ,.- ; ;i . ' Have y ou got a pistol or a^gunj jb^, tp lend me; J might as well bg prepaK^'^. e The oVjeraeer went to the,£repl»p© ^gM : which hung acouple.ofj^pwling^ptecesfl^ft . ' 'avfi one * to : the. bo^ffldaiK-rixniEf » Xt'fl ^posile^n^ qfc^^^nd^^^^^glfj '*_{*. andi^pwtijJ^e^^injswori^^^^^ -C ; to listen. Two or. tliree times he dozed, to awake with a start a* frequently. At last exhausted nature asserted her pre dominance, and the overseer went off into \- one of those sound dreamless sleeps which are so healthful to both body and mind. The time was now about half-past three o'clock, and the first grejj streak of dawn was just creeping up in the east. The mornings was close and sultry, anon a magpie uttered his sweet, weird note, again all was still. 'What sound is that ? — the muffled tread of horses? Yes, two horsemen coming stealthily towards the homestead. Still the two figures on the verandah did not move. -Vhoever these horsemen were they seemed to know the place well. Cau tiously dismounting, they led their horses straight to the stable, where they placed them ; then carefully examin ' ing their, rtvolvers, of which each had tbiee in . his halt, they made swiftly but noiselessly to the overseer's hut ; not a word was spoken, probably they had previoulsy decided on their proceedings. The sight of the two recumbent figures on the verandah made them start, but the U-oment after they rushed simultaneously at them, one to each, and pressing re volvers to the sleepers' temples, had them at once in their power, for these were the dreaded bushrangers ! ' *Kot a word, Mr. McDonald,' said one, ?brill scatter your brains.' *Kbt a word, Mr% Charteris/ said the other, 'c or look out for squalls. ' Curtis was the first to speak. ' I'm not Mr. Charteris,* said he. .. *Shut up* you blank fool, and don't lie. Get tip and. throw up your hands ; that's itT . . °. . ? r ? McDonald, confused with the sound ness of his slumber for a moment, did not grasp the situation ; but when he did he made an effort to reach his revolver, but was frustrated by a crack over the wrist from the butt end of the bushranger's. Seeing resistance useless, all he could do wasto submit, saying only, 'For God's sake spire thelwomen 1' In. less than five miniates lie and Curtis were securely bound and gagged, and locked in one of the rooms of the hut. The day was now beginning to break, and the rangers made quickly for the \- men's hut, roused up the inmates, and inarched ihem before them towards the iouse, 'and then whilst one stood over them' the other went through the other parts of the establishment arousing the inmates, and making them one by one dressand join the party outside. Thelast to be molested' were Mrs. Maxwell and her daughter, who hearing the unwonted' Bprising^ of their guests had surmised something of the truth, and were nearly dressed when the bushrangers knocked at their doors. * What do you ? want ?' said Mrs. Max well, confronting the ruffian. *Well, madam, the fact is, we heard you were about to have a Christmas merry-making, and as we rather like a really good spree, we thought perhaps yon 'would have no objection to our in* vitang ourselves.' : *t suppbseihere is' not much use in my objecting. Take whatever you can find cf value and go, but spare us, spare my daughter.' - - ^AafortakingthevaluableSjthatofcourse; but really, Mis. Maxwell, -you show a sad lack of hospitality ; we positively intend ' passing our Christmas day, perhaps night, with you and your guests.3 \- At that moment Edith's door opened, and she came out pale as a ghost, and trembling like a leaf. ^This_iB Miss Maxwell, I -presume. ?Good morning, miss, would you mind '. coming wiQiyour mother, theday is getting old -enough lor breakfast, and the kettle not boiled yet. Will you kindly step out wiHrrde and- give orders for the morning meal, madam?' ' \--£ conise 'Mrs. Maxwell could do nothing but obey, and two of the servants proceeded to light a fire and prepare break fast. By tins time all the firearms in the house had been secured by the bushranger, and he now proceeded to securely bind the male guests, 'whilst ius mate stood over them with a revolver in each band. ; 'This done, one of them smashed open the store door as the shortest way of ^etting.in, arid bringing out some bottles ofjwhisky, lielped himself and his mate, aifflsucli of the prisoners as chose to ac ^pjrofxt'; '^ISrsr Maxwell and Edith had glanced quickly and eagerly round the throng of prisoners- when they first came out, and failing to see McDonald and Charteris, /{?heir hearts sank within them. -Breakfast was prepared at last and laid in' the dining-room by the two women ; servants^who had been closely watched by one of the rangers. * Now, ladies/ he said, *3eir us go to breakfast, the gentlemen must wait a little while, the women ser vants can wait on us, and for obvious reasons you must excuse my friend, who will take my place presently.' Then marching all the females into the \- house, and leaving his mate on guard with a bottle of sherry and a cake to keep the wolf from the door, he begged the ladies to be seated, and did the honors of the table like a man who had been accustomed : to it. It is needless to say that the ap jfciates of the ladies were not very good ; Silfe bushranger, on the contrary, stowed away a remarkably heavy cargo, which he {com time to time washed down with ijdttledale. When lie had. finished his meal lie rose, and, excusing himself, was abbuttogo out through the French light :ifeading on the verandah, from whence could be seen the other buBhranger and his prisoner, when Mrs. Maxwell said, 'Please tell me, where are Messrs. McDonald and CliiMteris?' * The overseer and storekeeper are com fortably provided for,' replied the man. ? ;^;Not dead.' said Miss Maxwell, in voluntarily. ,- : *Nbt yet, miss,' was the reply ; and this was all he would vouchsafe. . His companion then entered the room as he went out, and also stowed away a good square meaL Having thus refreshed themselves they marched the females all out of the house, and held a consultation as to the best manner in which to feed tbi remainder; They eventually decided to allow them the use of their hands by instalments, and told off an old lubra and a joung blackfeUow to carry around the food and the liquor. It was whilst on this duty that Eliza, -the old lubra, managed to iuake Edith Maxwell understand that Tom Charteris was away for the doctor, andTeceived instructions from her to warn him of the danger if possible. It may appear strange to the uninitiated, tut there is a mysterious 'black post' or 'underground mail' by which the abo rigines keep each other informed of events as they happen ; and although no white man, except McDonald and Curtis, on thefitation knew of Tom Pullen's accident and the departure of Tom Charteris, both tacts were well known at the blacks' camp. How old EUza managed to evade the sharp lodkout of Jtfa^ bushrangers is best known . to herself j at any rate, she succeeded as we lave seen, and what is more, she was kept- in constant knowledge of what was going on at the homestead during the Say.' : . AH hands having been regaled, thebush . rangers made them range up in twos, having ,«revioudy unbound their feet and re ^Sihdtlieir hands, and marched themallto : flieT^oblshed, for the day was getting very 3u-t,and the early sunshone down fiercely {tmj iheii heads. Saving carefully ex |amnfed lie shed and noted any likely ,, ^lafeesSirough- which an escape' -might be ' *n|M^bich weri^promptly stopped up by WxraiiJgijaleSb^wool-— of which-there were , i^91 plenty . stacked ready for carting raws^^-^n/nwit cfihem, a duty- performed ^_St^nw^^gi.TeleaBed for the purpose. ; TltB jiexL uuug appeared to be, how were \- : l&se; ?'g6nHen-en ^©^ r^the bush to enjoy xiheniS3ves.' Tn&firslrthing; to be thought ^w^ife rerre8hingpart'of the business, snd a couple of men and two women were taken back to the house to fetch the wherewithal, one bushranger staying at the shed, and the other accompanying the earners.' A cart was procured, a horse put to it, a good load of eatables and drink ables secured, and a return was' made, the bushranger this time taking his own and his companion's horse with him. Arrived at the shed and the whole of the prisoners being released, so far a3 the binding of hands and feet were concerned, although made to stand in a row with their hands behind them, the masters of the situation commenced their carouse. The piano, which had been brought up to the woolshed for the dance, waa called into requisition, and the ladies were de sired in turn to play. Wine and spirits freely circulated, and no doubt the station hands enjojed the joke as much as the lousbi angers. All things must come to an end, and at about four o'clock in the afternoon the apparent leader of the two, after a few moment's whispered conversa tion with his, companion, approached Mm. or d Miss Maxwell, and said to the latter, *1 must trouble you, miss, to accompany me to the bouse in order to show me where the jewellery and cash are kept.' 1 1 will go,' said Mrs. Maxwell, eagerly. ' No, thanks, madam,' returned the bushranger, ' I would rather your daughter went.' Shaking with fear, and possessed of an undefined dread, ISdith reluctantly accom panied the ruffian to the house. * * * * We must now return to Tom Charteris and old Eliza. Keeping carefully out of sight of any one at the woolshed or the house, taking advantage of every tree, shrub, and hollow, the lubra led her com panion to the back of jthe overseer's hut. She knew well that th'e bushrangers had made one mistake in leaving McDonald and Curtis bound where they were. Leav ing Tom in the shade of a big water-butt she crept stealthily to a small window or air-hole, through which nothing but a snake or a black gin would think of crawl ing, and hauling herself up quickly dis appeared through the orifice. In a moment she had released McDonald, and whispered to him that Charteris was out side. Curtis was soon unbound, and the two men succeeded with a tomahawk in prizing open the back door without noise. A grasp of the hand, and McDonald and Tom held a whispered conversation as to the best course to pursue. They had but one revolver between them, and that was Tom's. Curtis had possessed hjunself of an axe, McDonald still held the toma hawk, and they were trying to think how to secure the rangers, when a piercing shriek, quickly followed by another, pro ceeded from the house. In a moment Tom Charteris rushed round the overseer's hut towards the other building, followed by the others, but just as he reached the corner of the house he stumbled and fell on the verandah ; McDonald and Curtis made for the French lights of the dining room, from whence shriek after shriek issued, and as they entered they saw the bushranger with Edith Maxwell in his aims. With a curse he threw the girl from him, and drawing a revolver fired point-blank at McDonald, who was by this time close upon him. The ball penetrated the forehead, plumb centre, and the faith ful overseer jumped a foot into the air and fell a corpse at his murderer's feet, who, changing his aim, fired at Curtis, wounding him in the shoulder and bring ing him down, just in time to get out of Tom's line of fire. The latter had quickly regained his legs, and was in the room a second after the others. Before the bush langer could steady his hand for another shot Tom's trigger was pulled, and the ball smashed the ruffian's, pistol- hand, another in the neck brought him down. Pashisg at him Charteris dealt him several blows with tie butt of his -pistol on the head, rendering him insensible. He then passed on to where Edith Maxwell lay fainting on the floor. 'Edith,' he said, 'Miss Maxwell— are you hurt? for God's sake speak.' With a deep sigh the girl opened her eyes, and said, * Tom Charteris, dear Tom,' and then -went off again into a faint. By this time Eliza had put in an ap pearance. ' That one white lubra all right, Mr. Tom ; you look out overseer — mind give- em Edy water directly.' Tom then went over to McDonald and found him stone dead. * Poor fellow,' he said j * how are you, Curtis, much hurt V ' Ball in the shoulder, sir, that's all. It knocked me over, but I can get up now I think. Yes, that's all right ;' luckily, its the left; I can fire straight yet if it's wanted.' * Take some whisky, man. Where's the other, Eliza?' 'Along a woolshed, only take care, that one got urn three revolvers.' By this time Edith Maxwell had re covered from her fainting fit and was able to sit up. fPray take care, Mr. Charteris,' she said. ' All right, Miss Maxwell,' was the reply, 'but I must go and release your mother. ' With this intention he started for the woolshed, leaving Curtis to look after the captured bushranger, should he recover consciousness. As he neared the shed he saw the second bushranger, who had evi dently been disturbed by the firing, pre paring to mount his horse, still, however, keeping an eye on his prisoners. Espying Tom he quickly threw his leg over the saddle and started for him at a canter, firing as he went. One ball took effect on the collarbone, another passed through Tom's left arm, and he only had time to fire one barrel when a third ball smashed his left leg and he came to the ground. His ball had, however, struck the bush ranger in the chest, and he fell to rise no more alive. By this time the released prisoners were hurrying to the scene. A litter was quickly improvised, and Charteris was carried to the house and placed on a bed. Some men were quickly dispatched to fetch the doctor from the outlying hut and to look after TomPullen, whilst the utmost excitement prevailed amongst the guests and others. The bushranger who had first en countered Tom Charteris, and who shot McDonald, Lad recovered consciousness, but was evidently past recovery — in fact, he died within an hour. Poor McDonald's body was removed to his own room, whilst those of the two bushrangers were placed in the woolshed to await the usual inquest and burial. And so the festivities were turned into mourning, for of course all idea of a merry Christmas was abandoned. And this was how Tom Charteris spent one Christmas. Need I tell how he spent the next 1 No, dear reader, you guess the rest. How letters arrived from home for Mrs. Max well from Mis. Charteris; how Tom's bachelor uncle left him a fortune made in India; how Tom married Edith Maxwell ; how Mrs. Maxwell sold her station; how they all returned to England; how Tom bought the paternal acres after all; and how there are ever so many young Toms and Ediths and grown-up Ediths and Toms spending this present Christmas right merrily, some in England and some in this fair southern land. And so I, the writer of this sketch of a true incident, although I shall not enjoy one myself, wish you all a very Merry Christmas and a very Happy New Year ! And so farewell 2 A school teacher lately asked a boy. 'Which is the highest dignitary of the Church V After looking up and down, north sod couth, east sod west, the boy replied, 'The weathercock.' 'Wcman's rights 2' exclaimed a Phil*. delpbia man, when the subject was broached. 'What more rights do they want? My wife bosses me; our daughters bosa us both, and the acrva&t-girl; bosses the whole family. Iffe time the men were Allowed some rights.'' A plasterer sod his boy being employed to whitewash a bouse by the day were so tedious tbftttliee«ner«skedtl-elad,in bis master's absence, when lie thought they would be done. The boy bluntly replied, 'Master's looking for&Eotter; job, and if be finds one, -we ohau make en etd this week.' . 