' LE ROI S'AMUSE.' The Paris Oil Bias throws tbe follow ing new light on the episode which is exciting so much interest at Madrid : — ' King Hlfonso, who, at the instigation of a zealous courtier, the Duke de Sesto, gathered all the fruit from the Garden of the Hesperides, was one fine morning subjugated by the cbarms of a young woman of high lineage Mile. B. E. Mnrnnioa A1 A '.^t.lil UHIITIP heailtiflll and ofsupreme distinction,' says M Qlcbo, mentioning her under a borrowed named she captivated the heart of the sovereign, and, as she did not possess a virture in harmony with her other qualities, she yielded to the royal passion that she had inspired. The two lovers at first con cpaled their passion, and then observed fewer precautions. It was not long, therefore, before Maria Christina enter tained suspicions which, thanks to the Duke de Sesto himself, were destined to become a certainty. A queen is a woman s'.ill. Maria Christina forgot that she was Queen, and remembered only that she was an outraged spouse. ? Tbe Queen, to the great astonishment of the ladies of her court, ordered them to escurther to the Casa de Campo, which sheltered the Eoyal lover, and was re ceived at the enterance by the Duke de Sesto, who endeavored to rrstrain Her Majesty from proceeding further. _ Maria Christina pushed him roughly aside and found the King and his mistress in an adjoining room. The inamorata fled, and Alfonso XII., exasperated, so far forgot himself as to raise his hand to the Queen. On her return to the Palace Maria Chris tina declared thatshe would leave Madrid. All exhortations were fruitless, and it was with the utmost difficulty that she could be induced to show herself for afew moments in public with Alfonso XII. to dispel the bad impression produced by the report of this incident. At one mo ment, however, it seemed likely that a reconciliation would take place between tbe royal pair. It had been agreed, in fact, that the Queen should make a short journey to Vienna, and that the Duke de Sesto should be replaced by the Duke de letuan as Mayor Major Domo. The former, however, having sent wit nesses — ths Marquis d'Ahumada and Brigadier Contreras — to the director of El Qlolo, Seffor Chartin de Ohas, the magazine appeared to be fired. Moreover Senor de Ohas, being Deputy for Aleira, in the Province of Valencia, intends to interpellate the government in the Cortes with reference to the prosecution of HI Oloho, and the scandal threatens to be re-echoed far and wide. Various stories aie naturally afloat. Rumors arc current as to a drama of which the Duke de Seslo has been tbe hero and in which a colonel has met witb his death ; and we are told of aa amusing adventure in which the name of thn Minister of Justice is mixed up. It remains to be seen whethr the separation between Alfonso XII. and Queen Christina is complete. Time, absence from each other, and diplomacy achieve many things. Regarding the tidal wave in New Zealand telegrams from Wellington and Lyttelton to the Otago Daily limes, dated August 29, state : — ' Captain Edwin has received the following telegram this morning re a tidal wave at Mongonui 'The sea has been rushing in and reced ing with much rapidity for several hours.' Captain Edwin also received a te,legram, timed 9 a.m., from Russell, stating that a tidal wave bad been experienced there. Also a further message from Mongonui, stating that the first rush of water took place at 10 o'clock lust night, but there was nothing of any consequence uutil 4 this morning. The wave las'ed from 4 o'clock until 10. Last night and this morning the waters of JLyttelton Harbour were ebbing and flowing in an exceptional manner. About half-past 10 this morn ing the men working in the dock noticed the water suddenly fall about 2J- feet, it then being flood tide. At haff-past 7 the water at the Waterman's Wharf was six feet below the usual low-water mark, and one of the launches alongside took the ground. The wharf at Purau is re ported high and dry. Pilot Reed, when taking the barque Thurso to sea this morning, noticed water off Pigeon Bay very muddy.' The Maldon correspondent of the Argus gives the following particulars of an assault on a female who was mistaken for a gliost: — 'A fow nights ago Mrs. Miller was returning home, and, whilst waiting for a friend at a street coiner, was passpd by a young man, who, after going past her a few yards, returned, knocked her down, and struck her, giving her two black eyes and inflicting other Injuries. Before leaving, he told her he thought he had given her enough. On reaching home she informed her friends, who at once communicated witb thepolicp, but, as she could not give any description of tbe person who assaulted her, the matter remained a mystery. Reports had for some time past been current that ghosts have been seen in tbe neighbour hood of the place where the assault took place, and the following morning a young man who delivers milk in the neighbour hood appeared as usual, but with a band aged and helpless band, and informed his customers that he had been fighting with tbe ghost. This morning, on hearing that Mrs. Miller's case was in the hands of the police, he at once paid a visit to the sufferer, and on finding that she was really the ghost he had attacked, he off red a most abject apology. It is not known whether this his been accepted.' The Zoological Society's grounds, at Moore park Sydney are likely atno distant date to become a most fashionable place'of resort. The attractions of the grounds, which are being rendered as beautiful as tlflRRlnlf* linn ftP PYlshnrr Pir/-nmcf.anr-ac and tbe interest attaching to new arrivals of choice specimens of quadruped and ornithological life, are combining to this most desirable end. On Saturday afternoon tbe grounds in question were thronged with visitors, who seemed to take a great interest in the exhibits, the principal attraction amongst the latter being ' Jumbo' whose popularity has not abated in the least. Whilst] the animalt as yet in the pos session of the society arc not numerous, they are good of their respective kinds, and the nucleus is now formed of what should, under proper encouragement, be in the future a fine exhibiton. One of the pleasing features on Saturday was the orderly manner in which the sight seers deported themselves, there being none of that vulgar pushing and selfish endeavouring to get a view generally witnessed at such places. An additional attraction was afforded by the presence of the Coldstream Brass Band, and alto gether a most enjoyable afternoon was spent. The receipts so far have been satisfactory, an average of £3 per day having been taken. 