ST R O LLIN G AROUND. [No. U .] TO THB BDITOB OF THB TABHANliAN NBWfl. S ib ,— A t «ny hotel next morning, after m y funny dreams about the “ Larrikins ” and the " Big-wigs,” I came down to breakfast looking rather jaded. There were seated a t the table a goodly company of people, most of them from Victoria and New South W ales, with a sprinkling of Tasmanians from the country d iBtricts. The visitors seemed to -enjoy the fresh air and lovely scenery of your island after the scorching winds of the mainland. Conversation grew brisk. A clever fellow sitting beside me got at the 11 pump handle,” and drew out o f me the whole story of my adventure on the previous day, amidst roars of laughter from the assembled guests. There was one who rat unmoved, like a statue. H e w as a hatchet-faced man, who evidently thought a great deal, although he looked bo glum. On a sudden he opened out upon me, lik e a native from his ambush. " W hat d id you devour last nigh t ? Noth- •• m g less than a basketful of crayfish, and " Half a bushel of strawberries would have " floored you like fhat.andperhaps you were " poisoned with some of the beer made up " w ith chemicals instead of hops/* “ W h at! said I**— feeling very queer, mind you, all the time— Surely you don't allow any adulteration of your food and drink in this highly polished state of civilisation ? ” " Yes, he said. “ W lmt men ** call * the liberty of the eubjoct* is "the "bottom o f the evil. I t ia an exaggerated " application of a good thing. Men know " it, and feel it, too. B ut no one has " th e pluck to 'b e ll the1 cat.* Our Par- " liamcnt w ill have to woke up> or else we "sh a ll have to call in some of yo u ' Larri- "k in s.” None of you chaff against me, I said. “ No gammon a t all, raid the hatchotrf&ccd; man, looking more glum than ever, and not showing the ghost of a smile, " My advice to you is th is ; Keep your eyea "open in these polished times, unless you " want to throw your morals to the winds, " and, that you may have some quiet sleep, avoid the * Crocodiles.'" Like a snail, I drew back into m y shell a t once, and played away with m y knife and fork, listening to some animated conversation across the table. There was a a fierce discussion going on as to the real value and work of the 8.P.C.A. One or two lovers of fourfeeted animals seemed to lie pitted against some very severe critics of the association. " It's too much o f the monkey," said a grim old fogey at the head of the table. " I t cuts "again st a man's liberty to wallop " his own beast. I t interferes with " trade. The whole concern is too senti- “ mental. They had far better spend their "e n erg y and money for the suffering "bipeds— the women and children who are “ 'ill-u sed ."’ This sounded like a clincher. There was a slight pause, t ill the hatchet-faced man dropped his knife and fork, and took up the running ■ “ I suppose you like * results * “ Mr. Roundabout," said h e ; " W ell, so do “ I. Sentiment and humbug often spoil a “ a lot of good things. I was very suspi- “ cious of this society for a long while. “ There's no use in running a thing down, “ or cracking it up. I t must find its own “ level. You profess to have wide symp a th ie s for suffering men, and women “ and children. W hat about the meat “ they have to cat, and the milk they have “ to drink ? W hat about all that useful “ work which the beast can do for man, to “ bring him money and bread ? Don’t “ you think tliat th e ordinary laws affecting “ human health require tliat both cattle " and sheep should be brought to market " with a certain degree of cure ? Bruised “ carcases would hardly make wholesome "fo o d for the people. As far us children " a r e concerned, if only by the instilling " o f humanising influences, they can be "q u ietly induced to grow up more gentle " and long-suffering in their own homes. " Surely this would be something on the " right 6idc of the ledger. The persuasive "a n d preventive force well applied to the "risin g generation in the common schools m ust tell its own tale by-and-bye.” At this stage the dobatc was adjourned, and the House rose, to consider other business. I strolled down the street with a cheerful looking young man who kindly offered to be m y guide. He told me that lie would take me to a m eeting to hoar some speeches. I said, what sort of a place is it r* He said, " it is called a ' Synod' ; but I don't know " what it means. It is something, as it " were, dug up from bygone ages. A good " many people are fond of relics/' We ■ went in. . The Chief seemed to have true d ignity ; and commanded respect. There was a good deal of ram bling in the speeches. T h e y appeared like schoolboys who had not considered their lessons beforehand. The m atter about which they expressed the greatest interest, and the least knowledge was * money’/ When we lmd left the Hall m y guide begun to quiz them very unfairly, and evidently with strong prejudice. Ho 6aid, •* They always make a ‘ cireumbendi- " b u s ' in moving towards their end, and " you can only understand them by turning " all their speeches upside down or inside o u t/’ This was very “ rough,” and gave no evidence of " polish/' Going down the principal street we met a famous stump orator who had held large meetings in thrall by the blowing of his bellows in days gone by. He told us that th e world knew little of its greatest men. H e seemed desponding as to what he termed th e ‘ politics' of the couutry. I asked him w h at he meant b y ' polities/ W ith bated breath drawn from the very lowest depths, lie answered— “ There are none here now. “ They are dead mid buried. The very " latest dodge of a highly polished shite of "civilisation is to carry out the j/octs idea. " No one for party, but all for the state/' " (that is, for the government of the day’.) " In order to keep up the appearance of " some opposition we make a sort of ‘ blind’ " ju st to humour the taxpayers. This is " an evidence of s k ill; for when the arrows are fired from behind the screen they can " bring down the pigeons in style.” The orator began to wax warm, but 1 interrupted him with a question : W hat do you think of the convention now going on iu Syduey V “ It will tend to pour fresh ** vigour into ull our institutions. It wfl) " stir up the public opinion generally, and " will lead up to a federation of the Aus- “ tralias, and end, I hope, in a ‘ Doiniuiou.’ ’’ W e passed on to the Library and Readin g Room where I was greatly pleased ; and derived much profit. This institution is a credit to the city. From the Library v c went to the hospital, and the charitable establishment*; which all appear to be good results of your civilisation. I asked to sec the poor creatures with diseased minds. M y guide told me that the Asylum for the Insane was 2U miles oil. This seemed to xus very odd. If close to the city the poor suffering ones would have the benefit of a large amount of skilful attention, and would be within reasonable call of their friends and relation? ; and— what is of the greatest importance— the force of public opinion could be brought to bear upon the management. I f the people have a Parliament of their o w n ; and if a free press can boast that it is the preserver of the people's rights and interests, what need is there for such things to be poiuted out by A B A R B A R IA N . 