THE MERCURY. SATURDAY MORS I NO, DEO. 1, 1883. M -* The particulars which wo gave the other day of gold-mining in this Colony, based on statistics of production compiled by tho Government Statistician, havo attractod some attention, and many persons wero surprised that tho industry had produced such large results. Tho depreasion which exists in mining matters at tho presentí time, and the general distrust that ia felt of all enterprises, do not seem to bo warranted by tho figures we quoted, for the results produced in this Colony com- pare favourably /with"thoao obtained else- where. Jn all mining communities, how- ever, there aro times of depression alter- natively with times of prosperity. Pros porous times always lead to undue speculation, and that,! in turn, brings about a period of dopresaton. Cut, apart from this, which is ono vory potent cause of a distrust of mining ven- tures, there is a tide in the fortunes of the industry itself, which, while it may 'occasionally lead on to fortune, often leaves the_ speculators and investors high and dry to lament the hardship of their fate. In the great mining centres of Victoria, Sandhurst and Ballarat, there are frequent alternations of fortune. Every now and then either one field or the other seems to be on its last legs, when some discovery will bo mado which seta things going again, and the confi- dence of tho public is as foolishly great as its distrust was sometime before. In Sandhurst many of theao changes have been due to the discovery of gold in the quartz lodes at greater depths than wero thought to be remunerative at one time. When a Goldfiields Commission took evidence, somo twenty years ago, all tho most experienced quartz-miners at Sandhurst wero afraid that the lodes would not pay bolow the water level, or about 150ft., but since that time gold has been found at a depth of over 1000ft. ; and, as far as wo know at present, there is no limit to tho dopth at whtoh golden quartz may be found. In Ballarat a mining revival re- sulted from the discovery that tho rich alluvial gutters had close to them quartz lodes of considerable richness, which had not, as was at one time absurdly sup- posed, Bhed their gold into the gutters', and the working of these, togother with some wonderful alluvial discoveries . in the Creswick district, from'1 twelve' to twenty miles away, has kept up the prosperity of the place. There is, wo leam, a cold fit on it juut now. I One or two of tho largo quartz com-' panies have'failed to find remunerative, quartz at the lower]leVels, and, for a tirmT,, are under a cloud, but everybody has con- fidence that'the'place will rovive, andi businessmen'do not hesitate to invest' there on: the strength of this old and ' general faith. .Ballarat and Sandhurst,! like this Colony, have euffeied from ovor speculation, hnd especially from dishonest' speculation. Thousands of pounds, which, if applied carefully to honest pros i pee ting, might havo revealed incalculable mineral wealth, have been wasted in all sorts of useless and practically dishonest ways, and the quantity of real work to the sort of work that is mero make believe, bears about the samo pro- portion as Falstaff's pennyworth of bread to the intolerable quantity of sack. The Colony is now suffering a recovery. It is oppressed by] an inoubus in thu ahapo of dead companies, which are hung upon it like the doad albatross was round the neck of the Ancient Mariner, and which, like that mysterious bird, seem to be dragging it down to sort of mining perdition. Yet the unrevealod mineral riches of the Colony must bo enormous. The field for legitimate enterprise, the scope for practical rosearon, is illimitable! and inexhaustible, whilst lioso who would freely aid in such work stand aloof, because they have no guarantoo that thoir money would bo legitimately spent, and no faith in tho fairest promiaoB of tho»o who start enterprises of appa- rently great pith and niuinunt. Thoy fain would climb, but havo soon so many fall that thoy vory uiacly rcsolvo not to attempt climbing any moio. Now, an industry liko gold-mining, which has produced results to tho oxtont of over a million and a half of pounds in ton years, would seem to be worth vory careful attention, especially as what has been produced ia but a very small propor- tion of what may bo produced. But,\ bosidos' Rold,< which- may<\- be (said -to' boy the only metallic product-of Victoria^ this Colony has tin mines of considerable t value, and there ia a very wtdo field of research for this motal still quite un- touched. We find from tho statistics of production, that tho total valuo of the tin oro and metal exported during tho last ten years was £2,133,480, or very nearly doublo the value of the gold obtained in the same period. In 1873 tho total produot waa only 4 tons of tin ore, whilst in 1882 the quantity of tin ore exportod amountod to 81 tons, and the quantity of metal to 3,580 tans, tho wliolo being valued at £361,040. Tho largest quail' tity of metal was produced in 1881, namoly, 4,120 tons, which, with 4 tonB of ore, was volued at £375,776. It will be soon that thero is alight falliug- offin 1882, as compared with 1881, but in all tho other years of the decade there has been a steady increase, and, judging by the figures, we should say that this branch of mining industry is on a sound basis, and likely to last for many years. Wo find that during the year 1882 each ton of ore yielded on the average 70-21 por cent, of metnl, whilst the mean assay of the Mount Bischoff motallio tin waa 99 87. It appears that there were 2,311 persona employed In tin mining during the year, 2,022 of whom wore engaged in alluvial, and 289 in lodo mining. The total quantity of oro from the alluvial o'aims was 5,330*10 tons, and from tho lode claims 205'40 tons, making the total ore produced 5595-50 tonB. The value of the alluvial oro is set down at £339,794, and the total valuo of lode ore at £10,919. u ' ' Comparing this with tho results in other Colonies, we find that in New South Wales the total value of the ore and ingot» for the year was £833,401, and that the' output of tin in that Colony appears to bo steadily increasing. In 1872 the total value of tho matai and oro , was only >£47.818; but the total has grown ysjr by year, and seems likely to grow. Tho total quantity of oro and tin exportod from Victoria during' tho year was only 19 tons 7 cwt. of ore, and 3owt. of the metal. Tho total quantity known to have been produced in that Colony ia 4,395 tons 7cwt. of oro and 247 tons of the metal, thus showing that tho premier gold Colony is very far behind in regard to the baser metal. Queensland stands foromost in regard to tho produc- tion of this motal, of which in years past what would appear to bo almost ( fabulous yields havo boon obtained.^ In 1881 thoro were 174 claims at work, which yielded 100,443 tons of oro, valued at £2,1C8,790. It will be seen that Tasmania is far behind Queensland in the production of this motal, and also behind New South Walos, ?whilst Victoria may bo said to bo'nowhore. The total valuo of the gold and tin of this Colony in 1882 was £548,383, which divided amongst tho number of persons engaged in mining gives an averago of £14010s. aman,' The news which wo publish to day of the loss of tho TS.N. Co.'s steamer Tasman will bo read with the greatest regret by all who feol an interest in a company which is identified with tho Colony, and « Inch has well earned the good reputation it enjoys. . Last night when the fact of the loss of this fine Bteamor was known thero wero many and loud expressions of regret, and tho iutoiost excited vas very great indeed. Unfor- tunately, the desiro of tho public to leam full particulars of tho unfortunate occurrence could not be gratified, as tho intelligence re- ceived consisted only of a brief telogram, giving a bare outlino of the ovent, which reached Hobart from Spring Bay, wheie somo fishermen had arrived with the nows. They stated that thoy had learned somo particulars of the loss of tho steamer from the captain, but thoy havo reported nothing which goes to show how the acci- dent occurred, and wo simply know at the present timo that the steamer ran on tho rocks andsankalmostimmcdiatolyaf tor wards. The HippolytoRocks, upon which tho steamor is stated to havo run, aro situato about twenty miles from Capo Pillar, aud aro at a short distance off Fortescuo Bay, whither the passengers and crew went in tho boats, and reached land, happily without the loss of any lives. Wo conjecturo from this fact that the weather was calm when the accident happened; otherwise it is hardly possible that the whole of the persons on board could havo been landed in safety, Ab tilo steamer seems to havo sunk in a'very short time after she touched the, rocks. The accident ^oc- curred before daylight, and thc> steamer is stated to have run in between tho two Hip poly tos, from which wo must l infer that she got, somehow, out of her 'course, and was much nearer to the land than tho captain supposed, or that an unusual couise was steered. How she got into such a position will, of coursoj bo a matter of strict cn-i quiry, and, in the mcantimo, wo can only conjeoturo the cause that led to her being so far out of her safer and proper course <? Tho Iobb to the T.S.N. Co. will bo a very serious one, as tho steamor was valued I ' at £30,000, and was not insured, asl I this Company underwrites f'nll ita own. vessels. Hitherto the Company has boon very fortunate, as (this is tho first of .ita Bteamcrs that has been lost,' although during i the present yoar it has mot with inoic than tho average number ' of mishaps. Recently I 'tho Southern Cross carno into collision with i another Bteamor in the Rivor Yarra,' fiom which a question of damages is likely to arise, i and ,tho Company has been mado Hablo' for damages for injury dono to a lady byan accident. The Tasman was 721 tons I burthen, and at the timo of the accidont was commanded by Captain Evans, and we un- derstand that thoro wero about twcnty.fivo 'passongers onboard. It was reported yes- terday that the steamor had gono down in dcop water, but nothing has been learned of a precise character. Thero appears to bo little doubt, howover, that tho vessol is totally lost, and conjecture was very active lost night as to how the captain could havo got into such a position. Tho T.S.N. Co. acted with great promptitudo by at once despatching tho Corinna to tho scene of the disaster, on board of which we havo a special reporter, who will, no doubt, leam all that can bo learned of tho sod affair. Wo hopo to bo ohio to publish tho full par- ticulars this afternoon, and, in the mean- time can only express our rogret that wo have to chroniclo so sad an accident, and so serious a loss to the Company and the port. Cable News.-An enquiry into tho causo of tho recent collision between tho ship St. Leonards and tho s s. Cormorant in tho English Channel has resulted in tho captains of both vessels being hold blameablo. This is tho only European messago to hand, na communication on tho Port Darwin line lins boon interrupted sinco an early hour ycstci day morning. Caulk Immiiiuttion.-Tho following was received fiom Adolaido at 9 15 a.m. yestei day.-"PoitDarwin lmoiiitoiruptcd beyond Strangway's Springs, Early communication expected." lNTi.ncoi.0MAL Maus-Wo loam from tho acting-sci rotary to tho Post Offico the t, as tho s s. Southern Cioss is tuned to io ich Liuncoston this morning, the mails will bo bromjlit on hero by tho oxpiess tiain, and a window dolivory of tho lotters « ill tako pl.ico at tho Oonoial Post Oflico nt or about I 10*18 o'clock to night. Tito s.a. Southern Cross vas to lcavo Melbourne for Launces- ton at 1U a.m. yestorday, TnE SïDNEV., CONVKNTION,-Ths Chiof Secretary rccoivcd the following message from tho Hon.»-W. R. Giblin yostcrdays-. " Tho Convention sat from 10 till 1 thisrday. Mr. Giblin Bubmittcd^four rcsolutioiiB, tho fust dealing separately with Now Guinea, for which annexation or piotectornto is asked. The second with tho Now Hebrides, asking the Imperial Govoi liment to make a permanent treaty with Franco, ensuring tho independence of these islands. Tho thud, for a protectorate over the Pacific Islands, between Admiralty Group and Fiji, and urging tho Bl itish Government not to allow such acquisition by any foreign power. Tho fourth, rcforring to Now Caledonia, protests against tho transportation of released Fronoh crimínala or any largo number of offenders, aud records opinion that no ponai aettlo mont should bo continuad in tho South Pacifieras involving danger to tho^peaco and social scciuity of 'tho Australian colo nied, On tho motion p( Mr, Brorçn, all tho résolutions were referred to a committee oí j tho six Piomiora. . To this Mr. Giblin ap; i proved." : , PAitLiAMENTABY.-r-Mr. W. H. T. Brown, M.H.A. for Canipboll Town, will meet his constituents at 8 o'clock this cvoning, at Pndfiold's assembly room. The Comino City Elections.-Yeatcr day an influential deputation waitod on Mr. G H. Elliston, and roqueatcd that he would allow himself to be nominated as a candi- date for election as alderman of tho city. Wo are happy to Bay that Mr. Elliston has consented. Council of Education Examinations. Tho^oxaminations for the Tasmanian Scholar- ships 1883, and tho Associate of Arts dogreo, wero commenced yestorday in Hadloy's assembly room. The subjects taken wore Profesaor Irving's English paper, and that sot by Dr. Bromby for Modern History. To- day tho candidates for tho dogreo will be examined in Italian and German during tho morning, and in music and chemistry during tho afternoon. Those entered for the Scholarships will tako up tho French paper in the morning. Road at Tasman's Peninsula.-Tho En gincor-in-Cliief has been instructed to tak'o tlio necessary stops to soeuro for tho Bolectors at Long Bay (Carnarvon), Ta.srnan'8 Penin- sula, a moro convenient routo ¿or á iClH road than that at prcsont surveyed. Richmond and Tea-Tube Road.-No tondcrs havo been received by tho Minister of Lands in roply to tho recent advertise- ment for tho execution of works fioin Tea Tree to Richmond. We understand that the contract will bo oflbrcd to local pnrties, so that if a satisfactory arrangement can bo arrived at, tho work may be proceeded with without delay. ' Publications Received.-Wo havo just receivod a copy of tho Australasian Medical Directory and Handbook, which has been compiled by Mr. Ludwig Bruok, and pub- lished at the offleo of tho Australasian Medical Gazette in Sydnoy. Tho volume is woll got up, neatly bound, and con- tains a viiBt amount of exceedingly UBoful information which ought to procuro for it a largo circulation among the medical profes- sion aB well ob < among thoao who proposo qualifying tliomaelves for admission to its ranks. A liBt is givon of nearly 1,700 logally qualified medical practitioners,' resident in tho colonies,* their names and nddressoB, qualifications, pastand presont appointments, a gcnoral gozetteor of 1,000 poat towns, with a local directory of all resident physicians, Burgeons, dentists, and veterinary surgeons, as well as a list of, benevolent and similar institutions, It also contains an abstract of all the principal laws affecting tho medical profession throughout Australasia, an inter- colonial medical directory, a list of medical and other scientific societies, tho regulations and by-láws of colonial universities, a list of coronéis, a recognised scale of mcdical'and Burgical fees, and a short history of 130 univoraitioa in all parta of the world, Tub Australian Giunuo.-The appear- ance of this periodical is tho first decisivo movement of what ¡a undoubtedly a now ora in tho art of ¡Ilustrativo journalism. Tho plates arcproduced by n, Biniplo and vory cheap proccsB of, etching on glass., ( 'The sub- ject is drawn on common plato' 'glosa with a pen and an acid-resisting fluid that Bolidi fies immediately. Tho exposed surfaco is bitten away by 'fluoiio acid, leaving tho drawing in relief, and tho plato having been mounted on a block, can thon be worked as ' a wcod engraving in a iotter-press machino. The advantages of tho method aro rapidity and caso of - execution, ' freedom from the necessity, ,to employ skilled en gravors, and ' conséquent cheapness,-vitality, and accuracy,ithoir being only ono drawing, and lastly, cheapness of printing. Tho new method is of great importance in its depart- ment,, and it will bo of interest to Aus- tralians /as an Australian invention, tho patentoo boing Mr. Samuel Henry Crocker, formerly of,Railton, in this colony, but now of Sydney, Tho local agonts aro Mcsbib. J. Walch and Sons. ' A.B.C. Time Tahleand Pocket Guide. This useful littlo publication for December has been issued by Mr. W. J. Donnolly. ? Cricket.-A match will bo played at Now Norfolk, between married and singlo, this afternoon, play to commonco at 1 p.m. Tho following are tho teams :-Married F, Leo, F Maisliall, G. Frampton, J. Simp eon, I. Young, J. Burko, E, Lcathain, J, Bolchor, E. Powell, Captain Underwood, and others. Single-A. A. Anderson, H. E, Millor, H. Haydon, Dixon, C. E. Wills, Bradshaw, N. Godkin, J. Godkin, G. Torry, C. Hopo, and others. As announced yester- day, the Wellington and Break o'Day teams meet on the uppor cricket ground, and tho Strahan and Derwent second cleveiiB on the lower ground to-day, play commenccing in each instance promptly at 2 p.m. A Promising Tasmanian Cricketer. In tho matoh played betweon'tho Molbourno and East Molbourno clubs, on the 23rd ult'., East Melbourne in tho fiist innings scored a total of 421 for nino wickets, and tims was then called. Of this total 112 runs wero credited to Mr. 'P. Lewis, brother of tho Misses B. -and ' F. Lewis, of tho Pomoroy Co,, and a nativo of this city. Theory/us report of tho'gamo says:-"When Lewis faced liruco, the most promising young bats- man and bowler in the colony wero opposed to each other, but tho batsman had much tho best of it. Wingrove, a graduate in tho Molbourno ranks, bowled slow leg- breaks from tho opposite wickets, but both bowlora wero soon hit off. Lewis and Groube mado a long stand, both batting splendidly, and nearly overy bowler in the Melbourne team was tried. When the total was rapidly ncaring 200, Lewis waa bowlod for a mult less innings of 112. In nearly overy match ,played duiing the season this batsman has Bcorcd ovor 100 runs, and his average at tho presont time is about 150 runs per innings. "When the bowling! was difficult ho batted with remark- able pationeo, but hit splendidly whon anything looso was sent down. His innings 'was completed without a chance,' tho hitting' boing clean and hard along tho ground/ By, his fine performances with tho bat this season, Lowis has ' an assured placo in tho Victorian team for tho intercolonial match,' and would probably bo included in tho next Australian Eleven, but for a difficulty in tho way of obtaining loavo of absence" HoiiART Regatta.-The committee mot at tho Ship Hotel on Thursday evening. Present : Messrs. J. W. Gill (chair), J. O'Boyle, J. Hay«, D. McMillan, A. 10. Risby, R. Cumming, W. H. Burgess, C. E. Feathorstono, and W. J. Watchorn (lion, secretary). Tho lion, secretary reported that the sub cominitteo appointed to chooso a site for a lawn and promenade for tho ubo of subsei ¡bera had chosen and measured off sufficient ground, and recommended that tho same bo fenced in forthwith. It wau re Bolved that tho eub-committeo's notion bo approved of, that the lion, accrotary ninko arrangements with tho Government for securing the same, and that an estimate of cost of fencing bo obtained. The consider- ation of tho programmo was then proceeded with, and that which appears in this morn- ing's Mercury, after a lengthy sitting, was adopted, A letter was lead from the lion, secretary of the Tamar Rowing Club, urging tho advisability of shortening tho length of tho course in the four oaicd races, and of rowing tho Dorbyamatour four-oared raco in gigs. 'Tho committee adopted tho former suggestion, but, although in favour of the latter, did not care to take tho responsibility upon their shouldeis, and it waa decided that tho usual boats, not exceeding 20ft., bo adhered to. Tho objeotion to tho ubo of gigs was tho scarcity of proper bouts, thoso available being of flimsy malto, and tho rough etato of tho water usually prevailing at tho time such races were rowed, thcro thus boing risk of lifo. The pri/o in tho four oared raco for all comors was increased f i oin £2ö to £30. Mr. Ilaylo stated that Mr. ,T. ~\V. Syme had intimated his intention to present £100, as the first pri/o in the yacht inco. It was icsolvcd that tho raco should bo an intercolonial yacht mee, first ni i/o-Mr. Symo's pri/o ol £100-Bhould three bonta »tait, second pi izo £50, nnd it fivo boats Btart a thud pri/o of £20, entiies to closo early in the New Year, in order that, Bhould no intci colonial ontries bo race!veil, tho usual handicap yacht laco might bo held. Arrangements wcio made to obtain informa- tion na to the latest method of measuring yachts for tonnago, Tlio eommitteo wcie in favour of adding a sailing raco for fishing | boata, but, owing to tlio many difficulties caused by tho fishcrmon thomsolvos in carry Ing out such a race, it was resolved that tho I matter bo doforrod until noxt meeting, and that information bo incanwhilo obtained as to whether a sufficient numbor of boats would ontoi- to mako tho raco a success. It was resolved that tho yacht raco should bo advertised in tho intercolonial nowspapors. Yachting_Tho Derwent Sailing Boat Club will hold their first raco this after- noon, starting from tho Esplanade at 2'30 sharp. Tho following boats havo entered: Mr.~A. Roberts' Ada, 28ft., flag-rod and white stripes ; Mr. F. P. Wilson's Lughrotts, 2Sft., flag-rod and whito diamond ; Mr. T. Turner's Sunbeam, 28ft,, flag - whito ; Messrs. Lodge and Hurley's Pacific, 27ft., Ung-i ed w ith whito star ; Mossrs. Walker ana Kiltiurn'a Kittiwako, 2öft., flag-bltio with red Malteso cross ; Mr. Á. Turnor'B Vision, 2flft., flag- whito; Messrs, Cnstiay and Barnaul's Scylla, 28ft., flag-blue, whito aud blue. A timo allowance of ' half -a minuto to tho foot length overall will bo mado. Judging from the entries, which aro larger In numbor than in past seasons, this contest will prove very interesting, and will no doubt attract a largo numbor of spec- tators. 'Hi Theatrical.-Thoro is some satisfaction in knowing that during tho coming Christ- mas ' holidays tho -Theatre1 Royal will be occupied by a capable dramatic company. Mr. Clins. McMahon, brother of Mr. James McMahon, who wrb well known in Hobart as manngor 'for Mrs. Scott Siddons, has engaged tho Theatre for a season, com- mencing on Boxing night, and oxtendiug to tho end of February. The first piece to bo produced will be The Streets of london, in which Mr, James Carden and Mrs. Cat den (Miss Maiston Loigh) will tako tho leading chin actors, and promiso is given that thoy will bo supported by nu efficient company. During thu season tho Dampieis, Miss Jennio Loo, Mr. 'J. L. Hall, and Grattan Riggs will probably appear. Cut Ponce Court.- Tho Aoting-Polico Magistrate- and tho Hon. John Watchorn occupied tho bench at tho City Polico Court yesterday, Ona person for being drunk was finod 6si, while another, au old'and frequent offender, was finad 20s. i for a similar oQeuco. James Clarke pleaded not guilty to disturb- ing tho peace, but on tho OYidenco of tho ap í>Thcnd".'ng' cónstatlG, the charge tvos proved, and tho pi isouor fined 20s. Bertha Bowen, or Becker, plouded .guilty to a charge of using obsceno language, and was fined 21s. Henry Thompson, who was charged on an informa- tion «-ithfurioiiB diiving, pleaded not guilty, stating that his horse bolted, and ho could not hold it. The ohargo was proved, and tho defendant fined OS. and costs. In each of tho abovo cases the usual alternative of a torm of imprisonment was offered. Geo. F. Gates, charged ou romand with larceny as a bailee, was further remanded to Tlnusday next. ' Owen " Winslow Îiloadod not guilty to a charge of arceuy as a bailee, by having on tho 13th November, converted £17 17s , the molloy of Win, Tomlin, to his own use. Both prose- cutor and prisoner wero inmates of tho In- valid DopOt. After hearing the ovidenco of tho prosecutor, which went to show that ho had given tho.dofondant tho monoy to put chaso rations, and autlioi iscd lum to do so, which ho did, the Bejich dismissed the case. iVooian v. Sellars-In this case tho defendant was charged with assault. Mr. Watchorn (of Messrs. Finlay and Watchorn) nppeared for the plaiutiff, and Mr. D. II. Ciispfor tho defendant. On the application1 "of Mr. Watchorn, tho caso was adjourned Uli tho 7th December for tho production of a ¡mate- rial witness. , The Missing Yacht Neva.-This craft arrived in Hobson's Bay yesterday, and, fi om tho brief tologram appearing in our inter- colonial nowB, haa had_an ovontful voyago since leaving Hobart. ' i j ( The s h. Tkidmi'ii.-This steamer, which recently called boro on her va^to Now Zoa laud, has como to grief., Aftor discharging hor pussengois at Auckland, sho left on Thursday night for Wellington, to take in wool, and had scarcely got w°H clear of Auckland haibour when sho ran ashore. Tho tologram published in another column says it is doubtful whotheu sho will bo got off. , i Bellerive Institute.-A/ niiscollancou8 concert will bo held in tho Bellerivelnstituto this evening, commencing at 8 o'clock.' The prizes won in tho races willoh will bo held in tho af toruoon, to opon tho season, will bo presented. j , Richmond Annual Si-outs.-A meetine will bo held at the Bridge Hotel, Richmond, ^t 8 o'olock this evening, to appoint a coin mitteo to carry out tho athletic sports meet- ing on Boxing Day. ,, CoiuthCTiON.-It appcara that wo woro led into an eiror in loforring, to Mr. UW. A. Bethuno, of Thornhill,, in our_obituary notice of Mi~TIiob. Cruttondon, as boing deceased.. Mr- Bethune, although ho loft this colony many ycarB ago, is still alivo. . Gosi'llTemperanceMission.-Thofourth meeting for tho year of tho Gospel Temper- ance Mission vi as held last evening at the Borea Schoolroom, a, neat littlo cliapol in Watch-house-lane, off Liverpool Btieot. Thero was a moderato attondanoo, and tho chair was occupied by Mr. Geo. W. Ho. Stirring addresses wéro dolivored by tho chah mau, tho Rev. W. Bow;o, Mr- R» Gawne, nnd'Mr. Geo. Bmleigh'. The mom bore of- tho Ebonc/cr Band of Hopo weio pi osent, and gavo Bovoral Bongs and rocita tious.. . ... ' Sundvy Services.-Tho following oro tlio arrangements'for to-mouow'a services, in tho varioiiB Churches :-Methodist Fioo Church ; Tho Rev. W. II- Bowo preaches morning and evening. Wesleyan Chuich, Melville street: 11 a.m., Rov. H. Monimail ; 7 p.m , Rev. F. E. Stephenson. Davoy street Ml 'a.m , Rev. V. li, Stephenson ; 7 p.m.,Rev. II. Moiriman. St. Andrew's: Ono of those, interesting ^ud usofnl soi vices so attraotivo to young pooplo, and profitable, to their oldcis,will bo hcld,'beginning at 3 p.m. St. Da\ id's Cathedral1: Tho BiBhop will, at evening service, coinmenoo a courso of sermons on the fiist four Commandments. Manners' Chuich: Sorvico(will be conducted by tim Rev. R. Ù. Vi Harris. Exhibition Building: Pastor McCullough,-''morning 11, evening 7. Volunteer Parade. - The Rifles will parado this aftornoon at'2-15, without re- gard to tho stato of tho weather. If it is raining members aro reminded to bring their gicat coats, lollcd.i ' i ii , u i n Licensing Meeting.-Tlio ( minimi, meet- ing of tho .Licensing, Bench for, tho City of Hobart will take place to-day, at the Town Hall, commencing ut,10 o'clock. RiverjExcûrbion.-The s.s. Pinafore' will mako a trip to New Noifolk to-morrow, leaving the wharf at 9 a.m. sharp,-and re- turning at 0 p.m.'1! i - J11 j'l J i i Railton.-Our correspondent' writos : "Tho anniversary sorvioos of'tho Railton Sunday school were conducted by the Rov. Mr. Sohofield on "Sunday, ,26th ult. Tho collections amounted ¡to £4. On Wednes- day, tho usual tea mooting took place in the Wcsloy Church, whioh wus moBt tastefully decorated ' for tho ' occasion. ¡- Tho tables wero gay with floral beauties, and loaded with tlio choicest results of lthe pastrycook and confectioner's art. Tho sum of £13 was realised by tlio Bale of tickets, and tho youngsters wero lomiled after tho adults had been satisfied. The meeting waa uub Buiuontly addressed by Rev. J. May, Mr. Whitakcr, of tho Devon Herald, Mr. Blackett, and Mr. Hainsworth, j The work on tho MerBoy Railway has at last been commuiccd in earnest. A largo gang of men ino scrubbing, gmbbing, and clearing the lino. Tho pilo of sleepers at Railton assumes quito formidable dimensions, but tho scarcity of suitablo timber is a draw- back to the contractors, Tho season has hitherto been very favourable to pasture, which is everywhere abundant, and the grain crops are looking healthy. The Last of the Northern States' Slaves.-American journals report tho death of one Jane Lennon, the sole survivor of all tho slavcB held in bondago in tho Northern Statea. She waa in her 100th year, hating beon bora ¡ii 1784. Iii the year 1817 the Logislaturo of New Yoik adopted an Aot providing for absoluto and universal emancipation throughout the Commonwealth, to tako effect on tho 4th of July, 1827, and it Mas by this Act that Lennon obtained hoi freedom. Sho waa born in Dutchess county. Now York, and was older than tho Federal Government of tho United States. Her life has been care- fully traced until alie Mas transferred to Gordon W. Merriok in 1810. By tho Mer- rick household, ho\\\o\or, vi ho wero sup poitors of emancipation, she was treated more as n valued domestic than a slave, and when tho Act changed her legal Bt,atuB from Blavtry to freedom it really brought no sub- stantial altciation in her condition. When Mi. Mtnick died 20 years ago hu) doceaao pioducu! a iiimkul cilect on Jane Lennon, Sho novel milled, but immediately began to show symptoms of decline. Yet, notwlth standing tins, at tho ago of 05, sho was able to walk about tho houso with tho aid of a cane, and to rideout m favourable weather. Annlkation.-Signs of tho jouions feeling of Fianco towal da hoi neighbours aro on tho inoitaso. The Italian Clovornmont propose to eioct foitificalions on tho uoithorn pint of tho Island of Sardinia, vhioh ia only scpai atcd by the Stiaita of Bonifacio from tlio French Island of Cornlea. 'Iho French take alarm ; mid tho Jicvue des Deux Mondes nccusca Italy of contemplating tlio annexa- tion of Corsica I THE COMING COMET.-- Mr. John Tebbutt, of Windsor Observatory, N.S. Wales, states that a comet, discovered by Brooks, of United States, in September last, and since identified as Pon's comet of 1812, which is at present in the northern heavens, will be visible in the south about the end of the year. It will be in perihelion on 4th February next. THE MAORI KING.-If King Towhaio carries out his cxpressed intention of visiting Queen Victoria in England, he will probably have first to make levy upon his dusky sub- jects for tho wherewithal. He has com- plained that tho New Zealand Government will not permit him to visit England, and over this the New Zealand press has made merry. Summarising thereon the Austral anian writes.-" It seems that what the New Zealand Government objects to is not Taw hiao's going to England–Ministers would be only too happy if he were to go there, and would request him, like Artemus Ward's friends when he quitted Aspinall, not to hurry back again–but having to bear the expanse of his journey on the Treasury. This is objected to because the Treasury could not afford the burden, and also because it is feared that if Tawhiao found himself in the position of having the Treasury of the colony to draw upon for hotel expenses, no consideration of what was due to his kingly oflice would prevent him from making a beast of himself. It is distressing to hear that at the festivities at the great native meeting a year and a-half ago it was found necessary to stop His Majesty's credit at every hotel in Alexandra, and even then the monarch found means to get as ' drunk as a lord.' It seems that the form of dissipation and gluttony most in favor with tho Maori chiefs who lately visited London was in- dulgence in tho British lobster. They used their opportunity liberally, and each noble savage used to calmly finish his three lob- sters at 2s. 6d. each every morning for breakfast. It is apparent that these facts throw new light on the assumed tyranny by which Tawhiao is prevented from airing his griefs at Windsor or Buckingham Palace, while they help us to understand how in the pre-settlement days of cannibalism became a necessity to a race possessing such enor- mous appetites for animal food, together with such scanty sources of supply for satis- fying them-'' Fatal Gun Accident near Melbourne. -An inquest was hold at East Brighton on Saturday, 21th inst., on the body of James Farroll, a labourer, who was found shot in tho hoad on the 22nd inst. William Butter- field stated that ho found tho deceased lying in a paddock near tho bridge on the day mentioned.. He had soon tho deceased tho night before, when ho was intoxicated, Constablo Wilson stated that he found the deceased at the placo indicated with his head blown off, apparently by tho dischnrgo of a gun. A double-barrelled gun was found by his side, the muzzlo being towards his head, Thoro wero no signs of a atrugglo. Georgo Stone, a "market gardener, stated that tho deceased had bean in his employ, and had instructions to Uro at tho sparrows. Ho had boon drinking heavily, and had been cautioned about it. Di-, O'Hara stated that ho had nmdo a post mortem examination of tho deceased, and found tho cauBO of death' was a gunshot wound. . The gun must hav'o boen Vory close to the mouth. ^Tho jury re- turned a vordict of death from a gunshot wound in-'thé hoatl'èaused by himself, but thoro was not sufficient evidence to prove whothoi- it \Vas wilfulor accidental. The Highest [Observatory.-Bon-Novis j Observatory was oponed' for making obsor;, vatious on tho 17th Octobor last. The estab- lishment of a fully cquippod meteorological station at tho highest olovation in Great | Britain is 'a work of national interest and importance. A hridlo road has been formed from tho baso to tho Bummit.ofr tho Ben, so that tho ascout can bo mndo without much effort in two and a half "to three hours from Fort William or Banavie. The buildings for, thcobsorvntory wero oxpeotcd to bo com- pletely finished during Octobor, when the observors took up theil- residenco at tho top of tho mountain. During ..tho Svintor tho observatory may bo for weeks cut off from intercom so with Fort William, and for months' tho'coiivoyanco of provisions may bo practically impossible Tho observatory .will, thoroforo, bp provisioned for six 'months. For tho comfort of visitors, soats havo been placed along tho road up tho mountain at ovcry thousand feet, and -thore ia a shelter hut near tho observatory. Tho road will bo largely used by tho public, who will doubtless manifest their interest in tho new observatory by giving it their dircot support. ' ' ' . ' ' l The Woman in White.-As the early bird gathers tho worm, so tho early fisher may hook tho finest, fish, but early rising sometimes leads to unexpected experiences. Tho Ballarat Star says a well-known ¿lisciplo of Izaak Walton gat into a nice fix a few mornings ago. Uo was going to tho lako before daybreak, accompanied by his dog. When crossing an allotment of land, upon which stood a'dwolling, tho dog espied another member of tho naninai. raco, and cominouccd to growl, Aftor tho pots had snarled for a timo, a whito figuro, resembling that of a woman, appeared upon tho sceno. Tho sight of the flowing snow whito robes of tho femalo made tho fishorman a little anxious, moro especially as tho object had apparently como through tho sido of tho building. Raising his .rod to tho military "present" position, the' fisher, who halls from a country where the oxistence of ghosts is credited by'not a fow, thought it would bo well to seo if tho form before him was natural or supernatural. Mastering up courage, he, in tho dull starlight, cried out, ,"Bo you living or "dead, Bpcak to mo. What's tho matter' with you ?" " Savo tho growling of tho dogs, n0 sounds ivoro heard, 'end tho figure still apprpaehed. -* Tho fisher- man walked on, and tho objcot followed. At'last tho angler halted, and then found that tho form pursuing him was that of a .'treal live woman," in her nightdress, tho attire being appropriately act off with a cap trimmed with vary wida lace. As soon tis tho female saw tho fishing-rods sho ro niarkod,'.",Oh, it's all light, I thought you wero a robber," and turned back in,tho dircctionof her houso. i Tho barking of "tho /logs caused the false impression of tho fair one. " ,Vcry fow housewives would ? loavo their beds to pursue a supposed robbor. " ' '" 'A South Australian Romance.-Tho Port Adelaide correspondent of^ono of the Adolnido' "journals gives tho following do tails relating .to a recent polico court caso, .whioli.nttraotod a good deal of attention : ,'' We have liad a' Tittlo romaneo to 'enliyan us., - AU your nautical readers "ar'oî rio "doutit familiar with a very valuablo publication known as Sawtell's Ni(iitleal Almanac!J il'ho publisher'of that book is'a" Mr.vA.l_E. Saw- tell, living at Port Adqloido, ancTooniJuôtuig 'an oxtensivo business.. Ho 'lins"a' pretty and accomplished daughter, who, ho says, is l8 years -old; '. and -'ho ought to know,' though'.others "? n'dt bearing'tho samo relation'to hor avow that'alio ib 21, Thoro worked at tho Port, as clork to a ship- ping ngenoy finn, a youu<¡ man of colour, commonly known as Black Sam. . He is a vory clover woll-cduautad young follow, and is son of a wealthy planter in tho Islo of Franco. That planter married a black lady, and tho issue of tho niarringo is Black Sam, or to uso his proper name, Mr. Moinphlait, a French creole. Well, our friend met Miss Sawtell, and at onco made court to her, going, so it is said, in a straightforward fashion to tho fathor mid telling him ho loved his daughter, and all tho rest of it. Tho fathor would iiavo none" of him, and, of courso, the old result followed. Tho couple ran up to town after a whilo and got matricd by a Mr. Mudge, who combines with an agency business tho pastorship of a branch of tho Methodist Church, and who now is accused bitterly for permitting the marriage to take place, although in truth ho docs not appear to bo very blamewoithy. After tho ceremony Miss Sawtell, uko the good girl sho was, wont to her father's house, and Mompblait, Uko tho pluolty follow that ho wus, wont after her and claimed her as his bride. Tho father wouldn't let her go, however, and within a day or two ho summoned the bride- groom to tho polico court to anBWor achargo of making u falso declaration of tho agc of tho girl. The unfortunate follow now stands [ committed for trial, but ho lins all the Eublic sentiment with him, and is admired y all tho ladies, who like this sort of ro- mance. Ho wns admitted to bail, which, liko tho coat of his defence, is said to bo Bubacribcd for him by admiring friends. A day or two after tho commitment tho girl mauaged to got looso from tho paternal man- sion, and tho newly-woddod couplo aro now living in a snug littlu cot of theil- own, I is bolioved that tho prosecution of tho young follow will not bo continued." Suakin.-The following description of tho port of Suakin, on the Red Son, and its inhabitants, will, in tho praicnt position of affairs in Egypt, bo read willi interest : Suakin is a considerable plaoo, The har- bour, entered by a dcop narrow land-girt channel, allows atoamora of heavy tonnagu to anchor within less than a hundred yards of tho coral beach. The piincipnl portion of the town is situated on nu island connected with tho mainland by a narrow causeway. On tho island arc tho Custom House, Go- vernment olficoH, and stores for merchandise, On tho mainland is tho bazaar and nativo town, tho latlor consisting of rudo huts, in many cases mero sunshades of treo tranches and matting, tho moro parmanont buildings boing squnro, flat-topped mud structures- Tho nativos who throng tho bazaar, though for tho moat part la colour quite as block as any nogroOB, aro far from having tho same typo of features aa tho latter. On the contrary, tho Uaddundowas, as thoy aro named, aro as a rulo romarkably haiidsomo nmr splen- didly formed. The noso is cithor st might or aquilino, and except in some caaoa, whoro thoro lins bcon an evident mingling of negro blood, tim mouth and lipa aro as well formed as in tho best European types, In all cases, howovcr, tho hair Boeins to partako moro or less of the woolly naturo eharaotoristio of. thcWestoin Africans. Both Boxes almost invariably have the head uncovered, tho hair in tlio ease of the men being dressed in tho peculiar fashion of the Zulus, namely, mado up with gum or gicaec into a toweling masH< on tho centro of the head, hanging down bo hind, mid Hanked by similar masses on either sido. Thiough this is stuck a long bono pin,1 running transversely. Tho hair of the women is plaited into iuiiuniarablo littlo tails less than a quarter of an inch in width, tho onda alightly friz/ed mid raroly reach- ing lower than the bottom of tho cais. Both mon and woinon boar three long vortical scars on either cheek by way of orna- ment, tho backs and ehouldois of some of tho women being symmetrically scarred so that their skins rosemblo bo many Eliza- bethan sloshed doublets of black satin. Tho weapons of tho adults aro broad hoaded javoliiiB, swords, Dud occasionally bows anti arrows. Behind tho loft olbow'is fastened a small lcaf- bladed sheathed dagger« As a dofonco a circular shield of hippopota« mus liido, a couplo of foot in diamoter, having _ a largo conical boss iu tho centro, is carried. It is not worn on ' the arm, tho batidlo being graspod in tho band only. Tho awoids, lone and Btrïight, with cylindrical handle ana lengthy cross-guard, seem modelled oxactly after thoso of tho Crusaders. War dances aro among tho favourite amusements of the Haddondowas. Two or thrco hundred form a largo chelo, in tlio midst of which sit on tlio ground a couplo of mon, hammering away monotonously on Bmall conical drums. Each poison in turn takes a shield and Bpear or sword, and, putting on a moat savage oxprosslon of countennnco, goes through a' series of bounds mid contortions, cutting right and loft with his swoid or stubbing with his spear. Meantime the female por- tion of tho spectators oneourago and applaud tlio spectators by emitting u long, shrill, gurgling cry-such aa used olsowhoro by Arab women, A Faithi'ul Friend.-Uppor Commer- cial Councillor Israel, formorly of Hanovor, died tho other day at Vienna at tho ago of 77\. As tho head of the firm of Ezcchiol Simon, tho docoascd waa in his timo the first financier in tho then kingdom of Han- over. When many yoars ago ho built, foe, himself a palatial residencio in tho capital of that country, ho at tho same time presented tho Jowiah community with tho sumVoE 50,000 thalera for the purpoao of erecting ark' orphan asylum. Ho was highly rcspoctctl by the Jato King Of Hanovor, and in 1866/ voluntarily followod tho King into i oxiky taking up his residence in Vienna, 1 The Demon Drink.-An English paper says that four years ago a shoemaker, living at Oswaldtwistlo, near Aooriugton, nam 11 Giimshaw, inherited a fortuno of £1,800. Ho died last week almost penniless. During tho wholo timo Giimshaw, who was roapoot ably connected, dinuk very hoavily, spend- ing over £8 a week in drink. Tho night boforo his death he purchased a shilling's worth of whisky, and ho was found doad ia, bed on tho following morning. Tlio eoronor's jury returned a verdict to tho ofibet that' death was caused by oxecsaivo drinking. '. y ' A Brave Man Drowned.-Roborfc, Fer- rier, a woll-kuown and daring fisherman,, mot with n Bad death last month, no was' out fishing with his two sons near the Bell' Rook, when ho was struck by tho tiller, knocked ovorboaul, and drowned. Ferrier had, during his lifetimo saved many pooplo from drowning, and had at imminent peril' rescued Bovoral shipwrecked crows at tho mouth of tlie Tay, when tho lifoboat haa1 boon unable to reach vessols._ AsNbw^Task i'ofi Mr. Fawcett.-Tho Economist s,iys-.-" Mr. Arnold Foster 'ad- vocates tho extension of tho ponny postigo to tho i colonies. There might bo a loss , of revenue through this mensuro, but tho iin iioi ta received in our colonies from tho United Kingdom aro conclusive as to tho advisability of tho step. A letter can bo sent to France, whoso imports from us aro littlo moro ti um an eighth of the whole of their imports to Italy, whoio tho proportion is about a fifth-for twopoiico halfpenny, whilotothoAustraliarigroiip, who draw from iib nino-teiiths of their total imports, tho charge ¡b sixpence. A table showing tho rates of postago to tho greater port of our colonies is given below. If Mr. Fiyvcott can placo tho rato of postngq, bo tweon tho colonies and tho United Kingdom on tho samo lovel ns between tho different portions of tho United Kingdom itself, ho will have dono ns much to link tho wholo of pur vast Empiro together n8 any living átatesman. Tho ratT of colonial postngo mo as follows for all letters not exceeding ioz.:-British Guiana, 'Id.; Canada, 2Jd.; Capo Coast Castle, <ld.; Capo Colony, Od.; Ceylon, 5d.; Cyprus, 2Jd.; Gibraltar, 2Jd.; Gold Coast, <ld.; llong Kong, 5d.; Hong Kong, via United States, '1(1.; India, Cd.; Jamaica, 'Id.; Labuan, Cid.; Malta, 2Jd.; Natal, öd.¡Newfoundland, 2Jd.; Now South AValcs, Od,; Now Zoaland, Od.; Queensland,' Orl.; St. ilolann, Is.; Siorra Leono, 4d,'*f Siugaporo, ßd ; Victoria, Od.; Western, Australia, Od." The LiNoAitn-SisAnEUX Imbkoolio, Thus tho Now York Music and the Drama, concorning two dramatic notabilitlos woll known on tho Australian stugo :-" Wo havo heard from au eye-witness tho truo facts of tho fracas which took placo between Wil- liam 'Horace Lingard and LiiBcombo Soarclle, at tho American Exchango, London. -Mr. Scarallo, who madolio secret of tho faat that1 ho intonded ' to go for him,' when thoy mot, wrote a loltor to Mr. Lingard, saying what ho would do to lum. Mr.t ScaroTlo carno into tho 'Exohnngo' wlion Lingard happened to bo thoro, Searcllo in- vited Lingard to got into his cab mid drive with him to his chambors, whoro tho mnttor could bo Bottled without fear of interference' Lingard rofuso I to go, and Soarollo wont to Gillig (tho manager-ot tho Kxcluingo), and requested tho use of a private room. Gillig had nono vacant"so thoy adjourned to tho lavatory at thu top of tho Iioubo. No one; present dreamod of any-disturbanco, as the two mon wero scrupulously pôlito to each other, but a minuto or two lator ovorybody was oleotrified by bearing tho voico of Wil- liam Horaco shrieking, ' Minder 1 Help 1 He's killing mo I' Evorybody present rushed np. Gillig triod to got Soarollo away from Lingard, wlion ho received from tho pugna- cious composer a loft-linndor that warned him of tho danger of interfering. Lingard Avantod to givo Scnrelle into custody for as- sault, and Scnrollo seemed nothing loth, re- marking that ho wouldn't havo lost tho chanco of thrashing bim for £100. The" policeman refused to interioro, as ho had not scon tho'affair. Lingard walked out of the building, Soarollo following him to tho street, Avhou Lingard made tracks with a friend. No ono knows tho causo of tho qunrrol} Soarollo declining to give any information," This Unadulterated Article,- A Lon; correspondent writes :-Passing through St. James Park to-day I Avitncsscd Avhat Avas indued a novel example of a Londoner's in- genuity in turning an honest penny. On ono of tho public roads wna a Avomnn Avith tAvo cowB, Sho Avas soiling milk at'ono penny nor glass, and it waa indeed "fresh' from tho cow" Avithont deception. When an order was giA'on a glass avus placed Avhero tho milk pail is usually to bo scon. The milking process was thoriipon performed, and thu glass thus filled avus handed to the oustomor in its truly raw and unadulterated state. An alhlotlo aporta meeting will ho held at Victoria ou Boxing Day. Gentlemen winbin« to run in tho old scholars' mc«, at tho Hutchins' School athletic aporta must sont their mime» to Mr, Buuklnnd on or about Saturday, the 8th hint. A meeting of the Chamber of Commerce will bo hold on Friday next, at half-past 3, to mimi nato a member to be appointed u wurdon of. the Marino Board. Arrangements have been mndo to hold an athletic sport» meeting at Hainiltoii- on-Clyde, on New Year's Day. A programme will bo drawn up next week, i A biiBiiioRH mooting of tho Y.M.O. A. avIU be hold on Monday night, nt 7 30, followed by 8 lcoturo on " Newspapers " by tho Rev. J. W. SlmmoiiB. Thursday, Cth Docorahcr init., tho day of tho Agricultural Show at Ulverstone, will be observed na a bunk holiday at Hint ¡»Ince. The committee of Iho AuU-Jieor-Adulteration Association will meet nt the Hush Hotel, Noav Norfolk, noxt Monday evening nt 7 o'clock. Tho publia aro invited to foi ward srvf-estlons regarding tho objects of tho association to the secretary. VALDAI!!.!! DlHCOVttltY KOU TUB IlAIll - Jf VOll hair 1h turntnif (¡roy or white, or fMlliig off, mu "The Moxlunn Hair Konowor," for it mid ¡weillvcly relton 1» every aisi llrey or tt'Mte hair to Ita original colour, without caving tlii) iltagroenUo smell uf moil "Ita itoror» " It umken tho linir olmnnlnulj' honiitlfnl, an null na promettait tho growth ol thu hair ou bald amis, wilora ulundi aro not iloenyod. Auk your liomlut for Tim Mkiioan IIaiii lUNKwan." Sold hy chomlsLi and viorfumor» evnrywhoro al Si M nor bolllo wimlculo depot ramona ta 8, l'arilngdon otu, liddon. 