Which Shall It Be? BY M. B. W. PABEISH. From the Christian at Work. CHAPTEB XXIII.—A STEANGE THING HAPPENS. " Her memory, from old habit of the mind Went slipping buck upon the golden days, In wliicli she saw him first." A mournful rhyme had been present in Stella McMurruy's mind all day, and she had repeated it to herself again and again. Why was she sad to-day? The sun shone brightly, and there was naught in lier home but pca.ce and love. And more than all, she had heard news this morning that mode her unmistakably glad. Yet was her heart heavy, and the spirits of the past that came thronging through her soul, brought only unrest and a dull, hard pain. Taking down her garden hat, she slipped out of the house unseen, and stealthily, as though afraid of detection, hurried down the footpath across the hill, and breathless arrived at the old trystingplace, the low rock in the brook. She had not been here for more than two years, not once since the day he parted with her in anger; and she longed to see the spot again, and read right here that which had made her glad this morning. Taking a letter from her pocket (it was from Harry Elton), 6lie opened it, and after glancing over several paragraphs, commenced in the middle of the letter, and read : " I was at Mrs. Martin's a few days ago; they were eager in their inquiries after your welfare. Phil came home from the West a week ago. He met with an old friend of ours in Chicago—Morgan Preston, M.D. And—would you believe it, Stella ?—he has embraced religion, become a zealous, active Christian, with the respect aud confidence of a large circle of friends. All things are possible with God." "My Lord, I thank thee!" was all that her full heart uttered. But her face was very sad; it was not the ruddy, happy face of two years ago. Instead of the merry song she sang then, now the wailing of her heart was: " Break, break, break, At the foot of thy crags, 0 sea I But the tender voice of a day that is dead Will uerer come back to me." " He will never seek me again. He said he would not." But the brook babbles on as it did before, heedless of the dark days that had come. This morning the stage brought to Mr. Preston's old farmhouse two gentlemen —Dr. Preston and his father. Their first duty was at the churchyard. Here the morning was spent in dressing and adorning the little heap of earth that covered the form of wife and mother. And at the head they raised a pure, white marble stone bearing the inscription : " Thanks be unto God who givethusthe victory through our Lord Jesus Christ." This being finished, Dr. Preston decided within himself to take a walk and seek out some of his old haunts before venturing to make a formal call upon Miss McMurray, if perchance she would see him. Strange that his footsteps should lead him, too, almost unconsciously to the very spot where he had wooed and lost two years ago. And stranger still, as he neared the place, that there right before him, as though the past was but a dream, and he was just awakening, stood Stella, in almost the very spot where he had found her two years ago. As then, she did not notice his approach, but was silently looking down into the water. She looked more womanly and sadder. As he stood there looking at her, all the strong love of his heart rose up within him, struggling for expression, but recollecting too well the circumstances under which they had parted, his lips only uttered doubtingly the single word, " Stella!" She started at the sound of that voice, and turning saw someone—was it he ? His heavy beard disguised him somewhat, but the wavy brown hair was the same, and the matchless eyes and commanding form. She looked at him for an instant, then faltered out tremblingly. " Morgan." He read the glad look in her eyes, and forgetful, of pre-determined discretionary movements, held out his arms and said: " Stella, God has forgiven me. Can you ?" She placed both hands within his, while a happy sigh fluttered up from her heart, and this was all the answer she made. We will not attempt to follow them through the joyous conversation that followed this happy meeting. But the past was bridged over with a regret and a sigh and a poean of praise, and two happy souls walked slowly back to the old house over the hill. Stella with rosier cheeks than she had been known to wear for a long time, and this young stranger with the bright light of love shining in his eyes. Mrs. McMurray saw them coming, but she did not recognize him until he came to the threshold, and spoke to her saying, still holding Stella's hand within his arm : " Mrs. McMurray, is there room in your motherly heart for another son ?" She rose to her feet, and lifted her hands in amazement, the habitual knitting fell to the floor, and she said: " Why, Morgan, I don't know. I haint had no warnin', but I suppose I might jest as well 6ay yes to it, and be done with it." This seemed to give entire satisfaction, and as soon as the good old lady saw their unexpected guest into the parlor, with Stella to entertain, an arrangement that seemed premeditated, she went into the kitchen again, and, stooping down, gathered up her knitting, and as she picked up the needleful of dropped stitches, delivered herself thus:' " Did I ever in all my born days ? Why I as soon expected to see a ghost as Morgan Preston. Ain't it queer how things will work around ? Now it seems as if them young people didn't have no peace till they got together again. Well, well, they'll be happy now, I expect. As for the children, we'll have to give 'em up sometime, but it's mighty hard to let Stella go all the way out there to Chicago." A suspicious moisture gathered in her eyes, which she wiped away with the corner of her apron. To condense a long conversation into a few sentences, and thus hurry to the close, we will say that when Dr. Preston camc again on tbe following evening, he succeeded in gaining Stella's consent to a speedy marriage. She did not wish to be so hasty, but he would not hear any proposition that included his going back to Chicago without her. Her parents yielded a reluctant consent, and they were to be married in a month, he staying at home during tbe time, although his term of absence was limited to a week when he left the city. " Morgan," Stella said to him one evening, as she sat quilling some delicate snowy lace in her fingers, " you told me once that you would never ask me the second time to marry you. How came you to break your word ?" " I don't think I have broken my word, Stella. The man who came to you the second time was not the man who came first. The first was a shameless infidel; the other, a new man in Christ. And besides," he added gaily, " did I really ask you ?" Did I promise ?" she questioned, laughing, too. " If not, how do we stand ?" "When we come to retrospect matters calmly, I should say on a simple understanding," she replied. They laughed at the situation when defined, and he said: " Well, it dosen't matter to me if our engagement is only au understanding, so long as I know that I am going to take my own little wife away with me." CHAPTER XXIV.—A BLISSFUL CONSUMMATION. " Could Lore part thus ? Was it not well to speak, To have spoken once ? It could not but be well. The slow, sweet hours that bring us all tilings good, The slow, sad hours that bring us all things ill, And all good things from evil, brought tbe day In which we sat together and alone. And to the want that hallowed all the heart, Gave utterance by the yearning of an eye, That burned upon its object thro' such tears As flow bat once a life." It is a busy time now in the McMurray homestead The time is short; only two weeks more until the wedding-day, and there is so much to be done. Two dressmakers are actively employed in the house on the wedding outfit. And then Mrs. McMurray iB not altogether satisfied with what they can accomplish in so short a time. The large dining- room seems too small for the extensive business that is being carried on within it. Cutting and fitting, stitching and talking. Black silk, almost rich enough to stand alone, lay strewn on one table; on another a travelling dress of soft grey stuff, and piles of muslin, and boxes of buttons and laces, and cording, and braids, until there was hardly a comfortable path in the room. Tongues were busy, too, as well as fingers, in discussing the fitness of this, and the appropriateness of that. In the midst of all this confusion one of the ladies glanced out of the window, then turning to Stella, said in a teasing tone: " Well, if there isn't Dr. Preston. Now, I think it's a pity he couldn't stay away until afternoon, and let us have the morning in peace. Lock the door, Fanny." But this command came too late, for the intruder was already in the room. " Well, ladies," he said, pleasantly, " this looks like business, I'm sure," stepping first this way and then that, to keep from treading on some delicate fabric. " Don't let me interrupt you, he continued, as lie finally worked his way to the lounge. Here one of the ladies took occasion to remark to another, in reference to his last exclamation, in a whisper loud enough to be heard all over the room: " Observe, he doesn't wish this matter to be delayed." "' Full many a shaft at random sent, Finds mark the archer little meant,'" He quoted, laughing with the rest. Then taking a letter from his pocket, he gave it to Stella, saying: " This was handed me for you this morning, and," laughing, " you know I couldn't be expected to know it wasn't highly important that you should receive it at once." It was a brief letter from Harry Elton, and this was the purport of it: "I am very glad to congratulate you, my dear little sister, on the happy turn affairs have taken for you. I was not at all surprised when I read your letter, telling me that Dr. Preston had returned, and—the result. I fully expected it. I repeat, dear Stella, I am very glad for you. I am sure he will make you a tender husband—all that we, who have your welfare near at heart, could desire." This was pretty much all. She read it and handed it to Dr. Preston, while a shadow gathered over her face. " Very pleasant and complimentary," he commented, when he had finished reading. " But what is it, Stella ? You don't look altogether pleased." "Something I'll tell you this evening. And in the meantime, I'm going to send you home. When ladies are engaged in this mysterious business they want no men about." Stella went out on the porch with him, and talked a few minutes, then he bowed himself off. In the evening, when they were sitting together in the parlor, and her presence was no longer a momentary necessity in the work-room, she said to him : " Morgan, you asked me this morning what there was in Harry's letter that displeased me. As usual, my face tells everything. There was nothing in the letter but what was entirely pleasant; but I thought how sad his own lot was, while he congratulated me upon my happy one. Oh, I wish he could be made as happy as we are, Morgan," looking fondly into his face. " So do I, sincerely," he replied. " And Mr. Elton deserves it, too. He is second to none in his integrity to God and his honor. But we can do absolutely nothing to right the wrong." " Tell me this, Morgan," she 6aid, earnestly, " do you think now, that Nina Hudson ever really, honestly loved him?" I cannot help but think so." " Then maybe, if they were to meet again, it would result favorably for both." I doubt it, dearie ; Nina is terribly unyielding." " Yes, but if she loved him, Morgan ?" This seemed to be her strong point. " At any rate, this is a clear proposition, unless they do meet again, a reconciliation is utterly impossible." " Well, even if a reconciliation might be expected, how could the meeting be brought about? They would avoid 6uch a catastrophe as they would an interview with a cannibal." Cannot your active brain devise a plan in which every particular need not be explained?" " Never ask a man to contrive a sclicme, if there is a woman in the case." ' I'll tell you what I thought of to-day. Simply this: of inviting Nina to come to our wedding. What do you think of it?" 11 don't believe Nina will come. Neither would he run the risk of meeting her." " He needn't know it. At least, that is all I can do." "Well, write to her, and invite her cordially; but don't you think she will suspect a plot ?" No; you wouldn't if you didn't know there was one." " But ladies are more suspicious and wary than we are," smiling. (To be Continued.) 