SIR JAMES PAGBT ON EBCEEA TION. Sib James Paget, F.R.9., at the optning of the winter session of the 'Working Men's Col lege recently, says a London paper, delivered an address on ' Kecreation,' which ho said was a necessity of our system. Every part and power of the human body, to be kept in full efGciency, required somo measure of exercise ami change The desire for ohange should be satisfied as though it were a desire for food or drink. There woro throe things whieh entered mostly into recreation— uncertainty, wonder, and the exerebe of skill in things which were not of the ordinary daily work. Uncer tainty was to be found even in the mind of a boy when torsing his halfpenny in the air. He saw it fall, and the uncertainty as to which side would turn up was a refreshment to him, as being a thing apart from his daily toil. The same with games of chance, when playtd with out the element of gambling. Fireworks, great p'ots in theatres, fairy tales, ghost stories, sensational novels, the big letters f n news paper placards, anything, howovor fallacious, that created wonder in the mind of a man, re freshed him In hunting, fis'ing, and tho felling of trees t''ere was an exorci«o of skill apart from the ordinary labour of tha day. He believed a ereat part of the occupation from which we derived recreation and pleasure was really the survival in us of instincts which helongod to bmio of our distant ancestors Many were descended from persons who oE necessity in tluir daily life had to hunt, or fish, or clear forests for a living. He supposed from his love of wandering during his vucutio- that h» had wit'iin him a la?ge portion of tho true vagabond typa. Those who had mental work to do ought to have so-ne manual labour after wards, and those who liad manual labour should find recreation and refreshment in mental occu pation of some kind or other. Thb ' urgent' telegraph business ia being reduced to an absurdity. It is gra-ually coming to this, that all mo-sages will hare to b;i marked 'urgont,' in order to gee them through, and then matters will be exuct'y where they were before tho ' urgent' ide* wa-- ever thought of - except, and the oxception is an important one, that wo shall be p-iving double price for our messages. Either the urgonts will have to bo givon up or they will haveto ba more heavily charged, otherwise an ordinary telegraphio message will come to signifying everything that, is slow, but not sure. —'Town Talk' in The_ Week. , It i» supposed that tho reason why the an thotoo admiro the stark bo enthuii-;s'io;illy is teoauso it din standon on« If ^ for hours ut ?- stretch, and look an though it never had an ideaia its head. - , A SoimiBND wnrain keeps only ono servant to do liar work, instead of two Sho says helps uro alwByn leaving, and when you are left alone, if is mu -h easier to do the work of one servant ibaii of two. 