CORRESPONDENCE. WESTWOOD CHURCH. IO TUE EDITOR OF THE MORNING BULLETIN. SIR,-I write at considerable length, os I intend th¡8 letter as a reply, not only to your correspondents of tho 8th instant, (which is the last issue of your journal to hand), but also to whatever might havo boen published since, or possibly will bo in future ; whether signed anonymously, or nonymously. Even the infidel sometimes speak of God. The devil alone finds constant occupation in mischief-making. Mr. " Westwood," my base calumniator, after having made two cowardly assassin-like attacks on me from behind the hedge, would now tell me not to fear him, that bo meant no harm, and will not hurt me. To try and kill the body is highly criminal. To attempt to blast one's character and reputation, which arc dearer than life itself, is still worse. I candidly admit, I am somewhat frightened of Mr. " Westwood's Ghost." It presents a most hideous spectacle, and I am sure a faithful likeness of himBolf, were he to come from behind the lensc. Evidently ho is not satisGed with a good thrashing by means of moral force, and argument. Ile pretends ho is anxious for a physical display, and for ouco truthfully informs me there is uo necessity to carry firearms to protect myself from him, and bis bludgeons. Lot him not deceive himself. Nature has supplied mo with arms sufficiently strong to protect myself from him, and his bludgeons, were he a plucky, straightforward, honourable man, and not the miserable, sheltered, dastardly coward he is. Ho admits he cannot hurt me. Where, then, was the wisdom of another trial ? He knowB my position is inaccessible and unassailable, and that ho cannot inoculate me with poison from his javelins. He is right in saying they strike me only to get blunted ; and as action and reaction arc equal but in opposite directions, they rebound with equal velocity, and slay himself by the other end. The truth is invulnerable ; you cannot hurt it, much less kill it ; neither eau it admit of change, for it is one. Error, on tho other hand, is unsteady, wavering, fluctuates with every wind, for it is many, being a lie from the beginning. Mr. Westwood will not quote any more Scripture. What a pity! Ile sccs it is un- necessary, as I knew all about that advice ho gave inc in his last, and practised it even in Westwood. Ho could, however, quote passages proving thc injustice of my act. while admitting it to bc lawful, bot Ï would not accept his private interpretation. Alas! for thc poor Scripture It is everything, any- thing, or nothing, moulded by mauy to suit their particular fancies and idiosyncrasies, lt is quoted now-a-days in justification of crimes that it was intended to stamp out. 1 am sure bc is a great admirer of the new-born edition, although he may require aiiuthcr offspring liefere he dies. I beg his pardon. Has lin not got ono of his own rearing ? "Private interpretation," tho light of which ho very appropriately says I will not walk in or even admit ! Why should I do cither 7 Private interpretation is tho bastard child of religion from thc beginning, existing, at least from tho time that English statute law declared the child Elizabeth illegitimate, and her mother's marriage null nnd void, down to the prescut day. Thc same Gods that afterwards legitimised her for thc throne, and later still canonised her for Heaven, by the same prooess, deolared private interpretation, which might be called her first born, and moat prolifio spiritual «on, heir to the Kingdom of Heaven. Now, jf private interpretation of the Scriptures is the way to Heaven, will Mr. Weetwood come forth and inform the .public of ,what asa ia it ta the hundreds of thousands of . Protestants who cannot read. Would he despatch all that crowd of every a(}o.berowf .U so, would they Shepherd t They would rather thargo bim with not caring (pt bis sheep.-.. goon they would perceive that be was a wolf in sheep s .clothing, dissipating the herd, and that be bad entered the Sanctuary not by the door, as the Pastor dosB, but through the window. He ia partly to be excused, however. His zeal overcame him, and he had no key, neither would ho know it, if you were to put it into biB fist. What, then, for the illiterate; Are they already condemned 1 To use a vul- garism, perhaps be would gammon to teach them. Would not that destroy the idol of tho private spirit altogether? Have they not as good a right to see for themselves as he has ? He could not deny them the privilege hu thinks to be the inalienable;right of every- i one. That would be setting aside the ¡ ajlvioe be gave me, viz,, " Do unto others eto." If, then, the Seripture is the sole rule of faith, how are tho ignorant to get at it, except by inspiration T I fear j that is too good to bc true. Sew would j believe that at any time, especially in this 1 very material age of ours. I will leave tho illiterate themselves to answer that question. Had your correspondents lived in any otbor agc, they would ba in as small a minority as thoy are to-day. j A few words, now, concerning the literate with regard to tbe private interpretation of Scripture. Tho Now Testament was not j written, much less compiled, for some time after Christ. How could even the literato of those days interpret a text which was not in oxistenco? Printing was not invented until the twelfth century. Before that time there were only very few copies of the sacred text, in proportion to the masses, more especially during the first centuries. What use, thea, was private interpretation to tho literate thousands who never saw the Bible. If tho writer is an Englishman, Irishman, or (I was - going to add) even a Cosmopolitan, ho must either consign all his ancestors of the Augus- tinian or Patrician type to the flames, for not having exercised tbeir private judgment on a book few of them, to say the least, ever saw ; or hand them over to the keeping of the ancient Church. Mr. Westwood must think the consequences ara dreadful in either case. With him it is only a distinction without a difference, However, he dare not judge them, ,for thereby be would condemn himself, and havo his soul perpetually seared with red hot irons. Let him rather charitably hope that his g.g. ¿te, mamas and papas learned and un- learned, who lived from tbe fifth to the twelfth century, got on very fairly after all, with little or no Scripture, in the bosom of theoldohurch, ever new ; and are now enjoying the authorial air, with nothing to mar tbeir happiness, ex- cept the loss of a prodigal eon. He is now in a dilemma, hobbled even tighter than my friend in your contemporary, the Argus; there being no possible outlet, were be anything but a "phantom." Again, if the Scripture is the solo rule of faith, strange our Saviour never told any of the Evangelists, or even the Apostle of tho Gentiles to write a single word stranger still it is, He never wroto a singlo word Himself, with the exception of a scribble on the sand, after ho had mercifully discharged the woman taken in adultery. What that scribble was no one knowB ; probably the sins of the Pharisees. Perhaps Mr. Westwood would treat us with another of his Scripture proofs, and enlighten us with a discourse, taking for bis text, Our Lord's scribble on the sand. I will act as chairman if he has DO ob- jection. How ido tho enlightened private interprotating readers of the Scripture act nowadays with such unfortunates ? Does not tho immaculate law itself, grant a divorce, and unmercifully condemn her, and that very often on the evidence of a consort, who either drove her to ruin, or sworo away nor character, hav- ing loved another better, as Henry did ; al- though the Scripture says a mau is hound by the yoke as long as his wife lives, consequently he should first seo her consigned to the tomb before be leads another to the altar. Now, sup- posing for a moment the Scripture to be the sole ruleof faith it cannot be a complete one, agsome of the inspired . works are lost which learned Protestants must admit. Mr. Westwood has not been very successful with his Scripture lessons. I have taken every solid inch of ground from under bis feet, end tossed him over on the rotten, crutches of Cosmopolitan, Were he not a ghost there would not be a I bone touching a bone in him by thiB time. It » reminds me of a woazel bunt in a pigeon box, no sooner have you ferreted him out of one hole than be is into another, spitting tire every stride. As to the Commandments, he would wipe out tho precious decade, as he has dono with tho Scripture, woro they written on paper, and not in characters deeply embedded in stone. Had he lived at another timo and place, and knew to whom they were given, and wbero deposited, ho would break them into ballast, oould he but hide his treacherous hammer. So much for Mr. Westwood, in as far as he is disconnected with "Cosmo- politan " who now occupies my attention. Cosmopolitan, as bis name implies is ouly a weathercock, and a very unreliable ono. He is nobody's child, and the country that lost exclusive right to him is best off, Like a true sportsman ho lias destroyed many of his friends retreats, stopped many cf bis burrows, that death should take place outside thc covert. Heretofore I innocently thought I bad sucoeoded in car-marking his friend, but I it appears I was mistaken ; and bo deserved it as muon as the larrikin who provoked "St Peter." I would now have lopped off both, but he is only a " Chimera ;" you cannot grapple with him. It reminds me of what Professor Pepper says of himself and his ghost. " Am 1 here, said he, or am I there." I would thank him much for tho comparison with tho groat Peter, but I could not aspire to such unique dignity, especially as tho throne is filled, Our idoas evidently coincide in csscntiole concerning Peter, but I suppose ho will not admit there oould be any I ouo to represent him in this material age of ours. Although Peter is dead, and Christ promised to remain with him, and his Church, even to the end of the world-how then can Christ be said to bo with Peter, except through his successors ? Oar Lord gave Peter tbe keys of the Kingdom of Heaven. His duty was therefore to unlock the treasury and, feed the lambB, also the sheep. Did not our Lord make ample provision for the docks of every generation ! Who pastures them now as Peter is deadt Have the keys disappeared with him? or did the rust eat them up? as the moths could not. The truth is they did not belong to bim, he was only their custodian in his day, and could not keep them at death, even if he tried. He cannot admit that they are lost if he expects salvation. By doing so he would bar Heaven against MB soul-where then is Peter? where are the keys! Ho could see both but the light destroys him. He cauuot even admit of it, ami save bis idol " private interpretation." Teaching, as I bnvo already shown, completely destroys that fanci- ful deity. So far I have criticised and judged your correspondents, on their own platform, confining my remarks to thc margin of their letters, on which I hose J my arguments. So much being said of Peter I will now, by way of innovation, introduce tbe renowned St. Paul to the subject, and prove from his own example that it is not a very great crime to lean a single life. If he is consistent he ought to leave people judge for themselves. I tako for granted that bo odmits St. Paul to he a really good valiant man, though unmarried, a cir- cumstance, wheu duly considered, did not hamper him very much in thc discharge of his manifold onerous duties. It rather gave bim time to tend the more assiduously to his Docks. The conviction that the lineal ifeww tlaiit* would not bo uneasy about him, braced thnt hero with courage to put his hr-art in his work, for should he fall as hr-cvint-a'ly did, there would be no widow but one, no i-li spring but hers, the Church aud her children, to mourn bis loss. . This great champion of . j -Sf-"T . . IT ''"I urey his voice to be that of the good Christianity seeing that his mortal career was nigh closed, acknowledged death, and chal- lenged it by saying, "My bourse Ss run,:I 1 have fought the good fight, I have kept the faith, as for the rest there remains a crown, etc. Can any of these things be said of your defunct correspondents! They should have inserted iu their will, that their epitaphs be written, here lie the remains of two cowards slain in battle, being vanquished in an ignoble cause. Thc funeral obsequies of thc twin ghosts being now over, I gladly divert my attention to something tangible, and propose the test I promised in your issue of Wednes- day. Should the agitators doubt the accuracy of my statements, and have tbs courage of their convictions, let them wire the agent at Singapore. The message mest be sent through the Aeting.Agent, for I would not entrnet it to Mr. "Westwood," as I have already con- clusively proved him to bave manipulated a message from heaven. Perhaps Mr. " West- wood would now take me to be a successor of St. Paul, as his twin-brother dil of St. Peter, Should the agent state contrary to what I have said, I am ready to pay for the message, also the reply. This will test to what extent my veracity ia questioned-I nanua for n rftnlv. I am, Sir, etc., JAME» COMERFORD, Springsure, March, 13, 1883. 