Shetcber. IN THE HEATH STATION. FROM THE RECOLLECTIONS OF A SIBERIAN FUGITIVE. I had lived lour years as exile in Siberia, in the village of Balaclicn, when one night the opportunity eamo to escape with tlio horse and sleigh belonging to the inspector of the exiles. I flew out of the village and all night long through solitary plains of snow without stopping. As dawn approached I saw a vil lage on my right, but fearing recognition and capture I went on across the ondlees wastes of snow, after pausing down in a ravine to feed my horse and strengthen myself with brandy. On X wont, the whole day without having seen a single human being. Toward night my horse grew weary and soon could only walk. At last he stood still, panting heavily. I was uneasy, for I feared if I remained quiet there on the plain, I might bo surprised either by wolves or by the in numerable tramps of Siberia. Unfortunately, 1 did not know in what direclion I had journeyed during the last hours, for I might have approached the place I started from. For readiness in any case, I drew out two re volvers, nlso stolen from our inspector, charged each barrel with ball and laid them both before me. After my horse had stood awhile and eaten snow, ho showed readiness to proceed. But whither? I did not know, and left it to the horso to go where he would. As soon ns lie felt the loose rein ho turned at once to the left and went off in a quick trot. Meanwhile it grew darker and darker till at last I could scarcely see a step before me. But the horse seemed to trace something, for he pointed his ears continually and looked slcndily before him. 1 nlso was watchful, and standing up in the sleigh, gazed straight ahead. But I saw and heard nothing, and was about to sit down again when I suddenly perceived n point of light in the distance. My horse also saw it and tihtted faster for ward. This light might come from a farm house window, but it might also came from a fire built by wanderers in the snowy desert. “Be it what if may,” fsaid to myself; “ I must get out of this uncertain situation though fall in with robbers.” Soon afterward I could discern llio outline of a groat structure which stood nlono in tiio middlo of tho desert, end from whoso ono window tho rays of light shown. I wns especially struck with tho loneliness of tho building end tho smoko which camo from tho ono window. Afraid of boing observed, I drove slowly and quietly up, stopped by tho hack wall of the strnngo building, fastened tho horso to a post, throw a heap of hay beforo him, and then stole cautiously and noise lessly up to tho window whcnco tho light streamed. Accustomed to tho darknoss, my oyos could nt first distinguish nothing of tho interior ; it wns only aftor some minutes that I realised tho picture presented to my viow. But this soono wns so frightful that my blood curdled in my veins, my hair rose on end and a cold sweat broke out oil my brow. Tho whole interior of tho building wns filled with smoko which rose from a burning pile of logs in tho centre. Hound this firo sat three innn whose faces had a fantastic look in the red glow of tho fire. Near tho hearth, in the looso bonrds of tho floor, a great opening wns visible, from whioh six men, ono after another, soon camo out, and each boro a stiffened human corpse I The bodies were wrapped only in linen, and were chnlk-whito from frost. Tiio bearers wore peasants’ dress, nnd were robust fellows with rough, repulsive Two of the men sitting round tho fire were dressed in city clothes, while the third ap peared like a butcher; ho wore a blue apron, bad his sleeves rolled up and held a groat knife in his hnnd. When tho six peasants entered with their dreadful burden, tho threo stepped back from the firo, nnd the six corpses were put in their place, erect round tho piloof logs like cnndles ! It wns a liorriblo sight for mo 1 Tho fire glared upon tho white forms of tho dead, whilo over their heads tho blnok smoko gnthcrcd. I distinguished nmong them four men, a womnn nnd a boy. Ono of tho male corpses had a beard of extraordinary length. When tho bodies were somewhat thawed they wero taken by tho peasants from the fire and laid on tho floor on the outspread linen. At tho samo moment tho " butcher” wont up to the corpses with his great knife and thrust it deep in tho abdomen of tho ono nearest him. I could not oxplnin to myself tho mean ing of this whole scene. I simply stared, nnd saw how with almost indifference tho “ but cher” ripped open the abdomen, took out tho insides, carved, divided, and showed to the city dressed men, nnd then thrust again into tho body belonging to them. I had often in my life witnessed terriblo events, but what I saw hero went beyond nil human conception. It seemed to bo that all this wns more a fantasy of my wearied brain than a reality. I remembered how authors of horrible talcs after presenting a train of im possible, unhearod of occurrences and exciting the reader’s curiosity to the highest degree, suddenly broko off with tho simple sentence ; “ I walked up, tho bright sunshine, etc." What happened in romnnccs might be in reality. I rubbed my eyes, looked, tried to collect my thoughts, in vain 1 I did not sleep, I saw, I heard,I breathed I Beforo mo tho wall of the awful building, blackened by the eternal storms ; near mo my tethered horse, and my sleigh; all about mo a boundless waste of snow; above me the sullen, clouded Siberian heavens. What should I do ? I thought to myself. Should I fly ? But where ? Or should I penetrate into tho house nnd shoot down theso dosoerntors of tho dead? Terrified, benumbed, I stood there hnlf dead and did not know what to decide upon. At lnstl concluded to abandon this unlucky post of observation. I wanted to steel softly to my sleigh again nnd run up nnd down, but my feet refused to servo me. I tried to scream out; my voice died in my throat. An impenetrable mist veiled my thoughts, para lyzed my will. I already began to doubt the correctness of my judgment. I could not understand who I was, who theso dreadful people were, what was tho object of their terrible doings. Finally the moment came, the one moment in my life when I began to believe in a supernatural world, in ghosts or mystic sorcery. But this moment did not last long. Then, as I, so perplexed,mused ami stared within, I suddenly felt someone from be hind seize mo by my fur collar and roar fear fully nt me. Like a broken straw I dropped without a sound nnd knew no more that hap pened to me. When I recovered my consciousness and opened my eyes, I lay in tho snow while the two men in city clothes rubbed my forehead with snow and tried to revive nnd encourage “ You nrofrightenod, my friend,” ono of them said to me, “Do not fear; we will donothing to you. Wo are doctors and hero only in the discharge of our duty.” “Yes—but tho corpses." I could sonreely utter the words. “The corpses,-brother,” ono of tho men re plied, “ are of tho peasants in this region who died of cholera, and hero in tho Death Station wo have dissected them. By accident you witnessed the most repugnant work of our office. Such a scene is offensive to anyone, but most so to those who have never beforo seen it. If it is agreenblo to you to travel with us to the next post-station, it will give us great pleasure,” concluded the amiable doctor. But I thauked him for his invitation, pleaded a pressing business journey, climbed then with the assistance of both doctors into my sleigh, and rode swift as an arrow off and away. I breathed freely when I felt myself nlono again on tho plains, but I was long agitated by what I had seen in the Lonely Death Station. In Siberia sudden deaths frequently occur, but there in such a case they may not inter the body without its inspection by the police and a post mortem examination by physicians; but the number of doctors in Siberia is insuffi cient, so, between the solitary villages so called Death Stations are erected, to which tho dead nre brought and placed in cold cellars built for |them, remaining there till a police and medical commission arrives and examines them. Then, only, are they separately con veyed to their lonely burial places and in terred. Thus I was tho involuntary witnesa of such a judicial post mortem, and I shudder even now when I recall that night during my flight from Siberia.—From the German. 