Tales a sdl S Iset e&ea; THE PEABL-SHELL NECKLACE ? ?' i ?? :. . ' TIL t' But, first and foremost,' continued Mr. .Poyntz, after having revived his 'failing pipe with a dozen or so o£ quick whiffs, 'first, and foremost I must men tion i! a queer habit he had- — Scholar . 'Gloam, I mean — and by which it was as I first came acquainted with him. As long os the sun was over the horizon line he'd stay indoors, behind tho lock of his study door ; but at nightfall out he d walk, foul 'weather or fair, and through tho wood back yonder, down across the rocky pas ture to the sea, a trip of maybe a mile ?and over. And often at midnight, as I've been pulling shorewards from the offing in my fishing dory, I've seen him standing atop of the point, where the lighthouse -stands now, the sky being light behind him, and he looking black, and bigger 'than any human creature.; and sometimes he'd bo tossing his arms about,and shout ing out some unchristian lingo, though 'there was no one there to talk to — least- wise that I could see. 'Twas a queer thing, I say, for a slender, delicate look ing gentleman like him to: be out so by night, in all weathers, seeming not to know the . difference whether it blew, or trained,' or snowed, or all three, together. Some folks used for to shake their heads . over it, and say he was gone daft ; others there was. .'(the superstitious kind, d'ye ?see) would have it as how Davy Jones, ' whose black bones had been the end of many a good ship and cargo, was in the. custom of coming nightly to the point to -hold parley, with him, as it might be to Btrike a bargain whereby Davy should get the Scholar his estates and riches again ' in change for his soul. ' , ., ?' But: Jack Poyritz never troubled .his ; head with such fancies, sir ; and times, ?when I stowed my boat away, I'd' hail him, and have him down to the house :; ?and sitting snug together by the kitchen fire, many a strange yam has been spun, ?me, the like of which never, was heard before — leastways not outside of the books that were hid in his library— and of ?which many were writ in atiange tongues .as are not spoken in our Christian 'times; But it's not for me -to be repeating of 'em now, only, as I. was .a'ltelling ye, it was such-liko things brought us acquain ted ;? and Very goo'd chums we were; allowing for. his being aydung* gentleman scholar, and me a sailor as had no great book-learning, though knowing, more of men and things than a hundred, such; as. ?him. ' And by the end of ? a couple of years or so,, meeting him that way off and on, I knew him as well as ever anybody knew him — as ? well, maybe, |as he knew himself. ? ? \ ?.',''' ' Well, things being this way, one day, about the; : last week in September, it came on to blow. There was no rain, but no moon either, and the air was thick; and night coming on, it was as black as my hat. It 'wasn't long' afore there was a heavy sea running,'; and ye ? could have heard the surf on them Devil's Bibs five miles inland. I shipped the lantern up in the fore gable as usual, | though knowing it conldn't- show far in such a night ; and, thinks I, see it or, not, any ship that gets caught in the tide this weather . is bound . towreok; so I'll hope. Bays Ito myself, that they'll give us a wide berth. Howbe, I wasn't sleepy, so I loaded my pipe, and, thinks I, I'll have a snug smoke .and a drop of grog alongside the kitchen fire afore turning in. No chance, thinks I, of my. Scholar happening in this night; he never could beat up against that wind, not if he had Davy Jones himself, to pilot him.'. Well, there I aat for maybe- an hour, the.noise of the storm getting ever louder and louder, so at times I could hardly bear the rattle of my, spoon as I stirred up the grog in the tumbler. Then all of a sudden there comes a knocking at the 'door, quick and heavy, and 1 jumps . and. opens it, and lo ! there was the Scholar, with no hat -and no coat, and that strange-coloured hair of his blown up wild about his head, and his eyes wide ? open and bright as a binnacle. ? ''Why don't you. come in, sir,' shouts 1, loud as if I was a hailing him at the maintop, such a noise the wind made; ?' ye'll, get the heart and lungs blown ?clean but of ye if ye stop there 1' ' Seemed like he answered me some thing, I couldn't make out what ; but he laid hold on my sleeve with that thin white hand Jof his that gripped like a -vioe, as if he'd pull me out into the storm with him, instead of coming into me. Andjby- his face I could see there was a ?storm within him as stirred him more than the one without; and then he pointed down seawards, and thinks I, 'tis a ship he's seen or heard on the Devil's Ribs. And though I know well wo could no more help any_ poor wrecked souls than if they was in the moon, yet it wasn't in me to back out of .going with him to see what there was to see. So just laying hold of my tarpaulin and a flask of rum, off we starts on the run, dead in the wind's eye. How he managed for to scud over the ground- at that rate is more than I could make out ; the wind seemed to take no hold on him, but- just let him through easy, though all the time it was near blowing my ;eara off. ' ' Well, down we came to tho beach at last, at a place about u. cable's length this side of the point. ? I'd kept my man iu sight up to this time by reason of the white shirt he had on, bin coat, as I told ye, being off him, but whither gone I'd not remembered for to ask him. But now, all of a sudden, I found he'd disap psarod, and all I could see was the pale froth of the surf that came leaping up the beach, with a sound from the black wave behind it like the going; off of a big gun. Howsoever, I presently stumbled round tho corner of a big boulder — ye may seo it yonder, sir, in a line with the face of the ; lighthouse and the top of the pine .stump— and there he was on his knees beside something wrapped up and still ; and when' I looked, 'twas seemingly a young girl, about twelve to thirteen yeara old, with no life m her. She had come ashore on a bit of planking, and tho Scholar he had seen her ooming, and had scrambled down from the olift In time to haul her in and under the lea of the boulder. How he did it the Lord only knows, for ten men working together might have failed in it. But there she lay,- with no mark of harm or bruise upon her, and yet (as .my heart misgave me) lifeless from the washing of the waves through which Bhe had voyaged to land. .['I saw 'twould be' no use trying to give her brandy yet awhile, so I stoops to lift her up along with the bit of plank ing that Bhe lay upon ; and Scholar Gloam he helped, though neither of us spoke, by reason of the thundering noise of the surf and the wind that half deafened us. It took us maybe a quarter of an hour, and then wo were at home, and had her down before the fire,' and wrapped in hot blankets, and everything done that could be 'done; and after nigh a couple of hours' work, she moved the least mite in the world, and fetched a sigh. -With that (I. sings out like i I'd come upon a chest full of gold dollars, and says. I, i'jAira well, Scholar Glo'am ; Bhe'a a coming , to, and she'll live to smile on us yet !' And then what does he do, sir, but just throws his head baok frith a, little laugh, and tppples over in a dead '? faint. 'Twas the exhaustion, ye must understand, as had come on all at once after the suspense of whether she was alive j or dead was over. So there was I with the two of 'em to ?doctor. Well,' I soon had the Soholar all right again ;' but when he saw as how the child was a.. doing -well, he dropB off suddenly 'to sleep,' being tired right out and unable for to keep his eyes open ; and I didii't wake him; but just threw a blanket over him, and let him sleep it bfit. ,. ?'???'?{ ; . | 'It was, maybe, half an hour after that that the' little girl spoke; she had. been opening her eyes and then shutting them several times, and wondering where she was got to, I suppose, poor little dear. She was pretty and white, with yellow hair and big blue eyes, and soft little feet and hands, and pointed fingers ; and round her neck waa the pearl- shell neck lace that ye've seen Agatha wearing, sir. Well, sho looked at me for a bit, and seemed like to cry, not knowing who I was, or where she'd got to, d'ye see ; and then she said something, repeating it over twice or thrice ; but I couldn't understand her, by reason of her speaking some foreign lingo as was unknown to me. Howsoever, I took; for granted that it . must be some of her people she was asking after ; so I pointed to the back room, and made believe as they were in there, but asleep, and . not to be disturbed then. ; She believed me, poor little soul, and presently after dropped quietly asleep, with the tears yet under her eyelids, and. the firelight flick ering over her sweet face and yellow hair. ..' ? ? , '??'?? /'Well, I sat there between the two, for 1 wasn't sleepy at- all myself, and kept the fire alight, and my own pipe ageing, till morning, by which time the storm was mostly cleared off. So I got the old' lantern down from 'the gible, and stirred about to get breakfast ready ; and at sunrise, the two being still , sleeping, I walked out to see if so be as anything of the wreck was visible. But the Devil's Ribs was only a bank of foam, and when I came to the beach there was nought there but a few shattered timbers and bits of spara and rigging ; whatever else there may have been had gone down within the whirlpool of the Devil's Ribs, and would never see daylight more ; nor was there anything to tell where the wrecked ship hailed from, or what she was, or whither she wao bound, Nay, a man might well have doubted whether there'd been any wreck at all ; and super stitious folks might have thought that the pretty child we had found was a sea nymph or a mermaid, who had come on the shoulders of waves to bring us good luck — or bad, maybe ! Not that I'd have ye to think, sir, that I'm of the super stitious kind, being a man as has seen much of the world, and lived a number of years in it. But 'twas a strange thing altogether, and stranger yet was to follow, as ye shall hear. 1 ' In my w alk I happened by the boulder where I'd been with the Scholar over night, and there I picked up a small iron box, with a big lock on it ; it was lashed to four bits of wood, so that it might float, and I think it , must have come ashore along with the raft that brought the little girl. Just as I had laid hands on it, and out away the lashings, iBighted one of the villagers a-coming over the cliff path towards me. So, not caring to be hailed at the time, I slipped] the box in the pocket of my jacket, and steerod for the houso. .'.n'. j 'And lo ! there was the if air : child sitting in the chair, and the Scholar he was, kneeling in front of her, with, her : hands in his, and thoy were a-talking together in the a ime foreign lingo as she liad spoken in, to me ; for, d!ye ,seo,Qlie Had, learnt. it all from his books, and un derstood it as we'll *s she who was bofri to it. The child was a bit scared and .tearful. still, and he seemed to bo a-comforting of her ; and as I oame in, says he, 'Don't let on that her folks aro drowned, Jack ; for I've told her thoy're but borne away to another harbour, and will return one day to claim her. ? So meanwhile,' says he, ,'Bhe'll.come to live with mo at the. mill, and be my, little girl ; for is sho not my little girl now,' ainoe 'twas I brought lier forth from- the ocean that would have robbed her aweet young life V With that he kisaeB her little hands, and says some what to her again in her' own tongue. . It touched my. heart to see the two togelher, sir ; for, d'ye aee, the Soholar had never seemed to be aware, as I mayaay, of women or children until now ; he had moved .through life without seeing them or speaking to them, save at times in an' absent, dreamy sort of a way, as though they were in different worlds. But now he was full of earnestness and a kind of joyful trembling surprise, as one who had all of a sudden opened his eyea to a great treasure, and waa delighting i.i it all the more for that he had been unknowing of ij; before. He was ali , in all a changed man, and softened, and waked up inside, so that his eyes seemed .to boa-seeing the things that was round him, and not things in a dream; and mothought there was a difference in his voice, too ;:.itwna- deeper and tenderer like, and made you feel as how he had grown to be a man more than a soholar.1' I thought he was as a Bhip that had long been lingering in cold dark waters, baffled with' winds. that set towards no pleasant harbour; buf which had at . last found its sails filled' with a fair , fresh breeze, ^ib was blowing her to warm southern' se'aa and tropic islands full' of heat and life. Ye'll maybe laugh, sir,| to hear an old sailor talk like this ; but surely I had loved the man, and pitied him, too, for his , loneli ness ;' and it touched me, .as I said, to see that.he.had found a good thing in the world, and could feel the happiness of it. j ' 'Pretty soon, 'Jaok,| says;he again, 'ye must help me Ijo carry her to the mill .this morning, before' the village folks are astir; and don't tellthem that she's there,', or whence ahe ; came. .She's my own,. and hpr past is all gone for ever ; God has sent her to me for my own. I shall make her love me as I now. love her, and no other shall have any;part in her. I will be- to her all that she has lost, and more ; . and I will cherish her always and make her happy. And when the village folks find out that I have .her (as aoon -of course they must), thoy shall be told that- she is a good fairy come to bring me fortune and delight. I'd aay that she rose up one morning out of the deep dear, pool just above ; the mill-race'.; and that though appearing aB a human, being, she is in very truth not mortal, but has con-., aented to live with me so long as I con tinue worthy of her companionship. But' whGn tho time comes— whioh God forbid ifrever should !— that I prove unworthy,, then shall she vanish back to her natural abode, and I be morei desolate th'an be-; fore Bhe came. And as for this necklaoe,' says he, f it is a talisman ; and- should fate ever separate us, yet this be left me, 'twill be a pledge that' .... : ' What's happened ?' : IV. 'The yarn broke off abruptly enough. Poyntz and I had both started to our feet, our eyea and ears straining towards the millstream, where little Peter . had during the last hour been quietly , fishing. The sound of a quiok scramble, a heavy plunge, and simultaneously a lusty scream, had sharply broken the repose of. the summer afternoon. ! ''Tis the brat has . toppled in!' cried Poyntz, the sunburntruddiness of his com plexion turning to a tawny, sallow hue. ' He can't swim ; haste ye lower down, sir ; I'll to the pool ; but if as he's carried over the fall, yo'll stop him at the rapid.' We had already set off on a run towards the bank, and we now separated in ac cordance with Poyntz's suggestion. '.I saw no more of the latter, being wholly ab sorbed in carrying out my part of the programme ; and in a few moments I was standing panting beside the rushing water, trying to select the best point from whioh to take my plunge. Just then I heard a swift rustling step behind me, and there was Agatha, her lovely face Tind eyes aglow with terrified excite ment. Then it passed through my mind that she had always evinced a particular tenderness and affection for poor little Peter ; and at the thought I must confess that my resolve to Bave him at all risks be came tenfold as strong, as it had been before. It was ali a whirl and confusion ; and only by comparing notes afterwards did we make out the order of events. Master Peter, it seems, after ' much un. fruitful angling, had at last succeeded in hooking a huge trout, and straightway had lost first his mental and then his bodily balance. The fish being fairly on the hook', and pulling hard, the little man had rather ohosen to go in after it,, rod. and all, than save himself at the cost' of losing, it. His scream, however, had startled not only his father and myself, but. Agatha and his mother likewise ; and the latter Had followed her husband, ; as Agatha did me. When Poyntz reaohed tho brink of the , .pool, the young fisherman had just , riBon for the second time, and was oiroling helplessly in the eddy. ' Poyntz sprang forward ;, but his foot catching in a vine, he fell prone, his head in the water and the rest of his body on dry landJ . Before he could disentangle himself (an operation which the well-meant but too convulsive efforts of Mrs. Poyntz only served to retard) ihe child had drifted into the current and was carried over the fall. It was now that Agatha and ' I first caught sight of ' him. She F'reBsed impulsively forward, and had not retained her would have leaped into the headlong rapids herself. As I caught her arm, I felt rather than saw her glance at me, as though .measuring my ability to do what must be done. 'Apparently her decision was . in my favour, for Bhe Btepped back ;' arid an instant after I waa staggering breast -doop in the boiling stream, watching the swift b'ut topsy-turvy onset of maBter Peter. Down he swept ; and, to make a long story short, I succeeded in catching hold of him without losing my footing, and thereby in saving hia life and my own. Agatha helping from the bank,- we were Bpon landed high and dry, or rather, very wet. Then ensued a great and indes cribable hullaballo, wherein the first distinguishable words ' burst from Mr. Poyntz — , '? ' , ;' , j 'Look ye here, wife !' cried he, laugh- ing and weeping in the same . .breath,' '(look if the lad hasn't stuck to his fish throtigh it all.' , ',','' [ ?!?' ; And 'ap 'it proved ; Peter had 'rivalled the childish . exploit of hia predecessor, :atout little Kit 'North. There waa; the rbd,'r. still lightly gripped in his bmall -fistj'arid a three-pound trout was' flapping and gasping at the end of the lino. ? ' | '/'He's but a chip of the old block, Mr.1 ! poyntz,' said I, when the shouts that gpeeted the discovery had somewhat sub sided.' ' What is that sticking inthe'eor rier of your mouth 1' , ? ? ;'? . j The old mariner put up hia Hand' and took the thicg out, and after staring at it for a moment in comical dismay, he b'urat into ? a laugh, In which everybody' joined. It waa the stem of his well-loved meerschaum, held unconsciously between his teeth throughout the entire turmoil;'; the bowl had probably been snapped 'off w|hen he fell ' on the brink of the pool. So we all retraced our way to the house, the trout resting triumphantly in Peter's arms,' who was himself carried by his father. Agatha and I -walked, aide by' side :; neither spoke to the other, : and ' I knew not what ' thoughts were in her. mind ; but- for my own part I had never1 been more light of heart, and I regarded Peter and his trout as the beat friends that lover ever had; My achievement had been trifling enough, heaven -knows ; ' but: such as it was, wit had -been' done' before her eyes, and partly at least; for' her sake. 'When we had reaohed ,the house door, and the others had passed 'in before us, she paused on' the threshold and- turned to me; smiling, ' with her ' finger'up'on the necklace-clasp. '? ; , i 'I kissed it to save you. . . . 'arid' P.eter !' she added hastily, and .with a' light in her dark eyes that was half mis chievous, half-earneat. ? ? , ! ! ' Arid now that we're saved, I suppose you are going to kiaa . . ., . 'Peter?' I; dared to reply, for my ducking had given me courage. jShe blushed, but looked straight at me; arid the next moment was gone into the house, leaving me uncertain whether I had gone too far or not far enough; But, ah 1 happy Peter. A few bruises, and the involuntary swallowing of a gallon or two of water, were the extent of his injurios ; while his blessings were beyond estimation. ' iWhen T ' came down stairs half an hour later, after changing my olothes, I found him bundled up in an. old pea- jaoket of his father's, and sitting in Agatha's arms. He was watching hia mother clean the big trout, the prize of hia valour ; and as I paaaed by, Agatha glanoed up at me and kiaaed him ! I atole out by the kitchen door and looked about for Mr. Poyntz ; for his yarn had, for several reasons, begun to interest me exceedingly, and I was moat anxioua to hear the end of it. But he was nowhere to be seen ; he had gone off to attend to something on the farm, and would as likely as not be absent till supper-time. It was a long time till then, and meanwhile I was without any thing to amuBe me. My mind was rest less and excited, and I would have been thankful for any distraction. Nothing turned up, however, and at length — without being at the pains even to notice what direction I was taking — I set off on an objectless tramp, and was soon out of sight of the farm- house. I had plenty to think about— so muoh, indeed, that I could think coherently about nothing. Ideas crowded incon gruously upon one another, now this one and now that catching my attention for a moment, and then receding to the baok ground. From the picture of my late ad venture in the mill-stream, I slid to a review of Agatha — my relations with her ;? did she care for me 1 had my lucky] ex ploit really advantaged me ? and ought I to have stolen a kiss upon tho doorstep? Instead of considering these questions, I was pondering the talo which Poyntz had I begun to toll. Was it all true 1 would he ever finiBh it ? and what would be its upshot?' But now tho pearl-shell neok lace ruled my thoughts. Was it possibly the same as that which my groatgrand mother had lost ? and if bo, would Agatha be likely to Jniow anything about it? The next, momout a vioion of Soholar Gloam had risou before me. How had ho oome to die, and bo buried beneath the Blaok Oak 1 and why was the old mill considered haunted ? David — the hand- ' some housekeeper's son — what had bo come of him? and, above all, what had been the fate of the little sea-nymph? Then the neoklace once moro — how camo Agatha to attach such tiUismanic virtues to it ? and waa not her doing bo evidence that ahe muat know its ancient history? Again, was Agatha Poyntz's own daugh ter ? and if so, who and what had been her mother? for she must bo the child of a union prior to that which had resulted in.Peter. The speculation gave plaoe in turn to the idea of the mill- wheel pos Besaed.by the devil, or by tho soul of the murdered miller — Poyntz had , seemed uncertain which. Had its 'laugh' really been bo terrible ? or had not an originally harmless, if disagreeable noise, acquired a supernatural horror only because lis tened to aoross a gap of twenty years ?. ]Ah, well, what matter to me wore all these idle, unanswerable queries ? Be hind all things — before all things, I seemed to meet the sweet fascination of Agatha's dark eyes, and to catch the; gleam of her yellow hair. Yes, over and c ever, as the pendulum awinga outwards ? and returns, does my thought come back st to.Agatha ! ' ? ' M Immersed. in such disjointed musings, ' I had journeyed, on I know not how long, when all at once I became conscious, so to speak, of tho outwnrd world, and ? looked up and on all sidoa of mo. 'Where ?' ? was I ?? In no place certainly that I had ? ever visited before. The aoa was nowhere ' yiaible ; the surface of the ground wa3 'rocky arid irregular, and in nearly every direction the view waa « shut in by thick ^ growths of pine, birch, and oak. From . beyond a clump of the latter, southward '^ from where I stood, I thought I detected ' the noise of falling water ; and glancing eastwards, I could trace tho course of ? a ' ?stream - which was itself unseen, by the ;hedge of stunted timber !that fringed 'its *? banks. -.The aspect of the' neighbourhood' :: 'waa wild, and remote — it aeem'ed to lie apart from 'men'a ways — and certainly he ? would have been an unsocial spirit who should have chosen such- a' Bpot to live ' in. On the other hand, anyone in search ' of a good place to do a murder in, or hold awitoh; meeting, need not have looked further. A corpse might lie amongst , these rockB and bushes for- twenty years without' a chance of being discovered; : and ghosts and witches might scream their ' eiriest unheard by mortal oar. ? ? ?? I Meanwhile I walked on to the other ? side of . the clump of oak trees, when I suddenly found myself gazing on a scene that involuntarily brought me to a stand- : jBtm; ???..'? ? li {lobe Continued;) 