THE STORY OF A CRIME. 4 You wouldn't think it,' began the fox to the lion, as soon as they were alone in that most complete of solitudes, a city cellar; where men harried in. and out, and used meir ups and tneir tongues, bus never their eyes or ears ; 4 you wouldn't think it, but me and old Backstraw was sehool-mates together, once on a time.' 4 Indeed I would though,' said Lawrence Derwent. 4 And I wouldn't send a son of mine to that school.' 4 And I were top boy in grammar. But Baokstraw were bottom all round. And now, there be him, and herb be I.' 4 Weil ? I follow you, so far. You ealied top what is called bottom in our schools. Well ? I suppose it isn't for murdering the Queen's English you want me to pay you for putting old Baokstraw in gaol ?' 4 Wait a bit, Mister. I've got to tell my tale my own way ; and 'tis never the short enfc that briDgs one first home. 'Twas an old country grammar-school, whers the head-master was eighty-three years old, and stone blind, an I the second was deaf, and eighty-four. Backstraw and me were the boys. There aren't no such schools now. So I used to spend the time practising con juring and such like, and Backstraw, he used to look on ; and when tho deaf master was keeping school I used to study the violin.' 4 Well?' 4 Well, Mister, when I done with education, I got into a scrape in our village about a girl me aud Backstraw was both after ; so I went into a booth that went round the fairs, and never clapped eyes on either of them for years. When I did, 'twas at Halehurst, where Longwood'a hard by.' 4 We're getting nearer. Well ?' 4 P was pretty low down and hard up that day. In fact, I'd been sleeping under a hay stack, and was trying to fiddle up a few coppers to gfcfc a bite of food. And as I was fiddlirfg to the stones in the street — round things, aud worse for naked feet than knives —who should oome by, a-horseback, but old Backstraw; and not like a beggar neither, for he was dressed like you or me. And there was a young gentleman with him that was Lawrence Derwent by name, eon and heir to Oolonei Derwent, of Longwood, as I .came to know.' 4 Yes ; I remember once seeing in the High street of Halehurst the raggeiest of fiddlers making his fiddle croak like, a raven of ill omen, as I rode with that scoundrel to the house where my father lay dying. So it waB you who gave me that only welcome home . . . Well?' 4 You were in a - hurry, but old Backstraw knew me, for he nodded, and chucked me a sovereign. I thought at first 'twas a farth ing, I hadn't seen one so long. I stared, for chucking sovereigns about like that was never old Rackstraw's way. Guess if instinc' didn't lead me to the first public near. I astonished the yokels a bit, with some tricks and tanss, and got the talk on Backstraw — ' ' And I'll tell you what yeu ought to have heard. That my father had given me a step mother. That Backstraw, who had travelled with them from India, got hold of my step- mothsr, with his missionary jargon, and that between them they set my own father against his own son — even to getting him to make a will that left Backstraw a small fortune, and put my young brother Horace into the place of the heir. Is that what you heard?' 4 Somewhat like— but mostly that the heir, Mr. Lawrence, was a bad lot, and was bring ing the old Colonel's grey hurs with sorrow to the grave. Never minm Mister. I've been a bit wild myoelf, before I turned archaologer. I don't think a bit the worse of you for that — not I.' Within the last few moments the whole manner, voice, it may almost be said the features, of Lawrence Derwent had undergone a change. Hitherto, it could only be by a marvellous effort of systematic self-control that the passionate and masterful lover of Queen Bosamond had, all in a moment, become the keen and bold fencer with Mold- warp and Backstraw. Now, convinced that be might for onoe throw off his iong disguise, ha stretched himself out, morally speaking, with an infinite sense of relief, saddened, and for the moment softened, by the memories of what had been before he became a hunted man. He bad not heard his father named since he had been convicted of robbing his father's deathbed. Moldwarp's words were beginning to fall on wandering ears. Rosamond had only flashed across evil days. With his trained faculty for shifting almost at will from mood to mood, lie could lay even her aside. Mister,' said Mold warp, 4 don't you put your face back a dozen years like that afore old Raisksiraw. He'd know you now !' 1 Go on with your story,' said Lawrence. \- b arply. 4 Never mind my face. Get to the trial— when I was found guilty of— guilty, when, Backstraw's lies ana plots- against me being exposed, my father sent for me, and forgave me, nay, begged my forgiveness, and bade me, with my own hands, and before his dying eyes, destroy the will he had been in duced to .make by slander and lies-' ' So that you was left heir-at- law. Now, Mr. LaWre&tu; what did you do next after you, by the old XLjJonei'tf Orders, burned that there will ?' - 'Bode into Halehum the doctor, as hard as I could go.' 4 And when you got back to Longa » My father had died. . . . Ma, if you have nothing to say hut all this thrice thrashed out stuff, why do you bring me here? Can I send Backstraw to the tread mill for lies?' 4 Well, Mister, you was a goodish time gone, for I was about the place — I'd took to run errands for old Backstraw ; and he sent for me, looking as pale and white as a ghost ; and 44 Mold warp, my man," says he, 44 you're wanted to witness the Colonel's will. He's making one himself out of his own head, and I'm helping of him to write it dowu. And be quick, for the rattle's coming on." 5 4 What — another will? When I was gone ? Go on, for God's sake.' 4 True enoagh, there sat up the Colonel iu bed, with paper before him and a pen in his hand. Going, but' sensible. Nobody else in the room but Backstraw and me. He signed, ' and then Backstraw put his ugly name for witness, and then I put mine. Then Back- straw sent me off to call the wife and childer, to see the last gasp, bat before they could get to the room, the old Colonel was gone. And it's my belief, Mister, old Backstraw took care of that ; it don't take much of a throttle to polish, off a dying man, and them that's dying can tell tales, while them that's dead tell none/ 4 Now, by ' 4 Don't get excited, Mister ; leastways not here. That will said how the old 'un was revoked, and how you was to bs heir to every thing, money and land, and left something to the others, and to old Backstraw net a hang.' 4 And Backstraw swore that the first will was the last made ? But a murderer — why should he strain at false witness ? And you — you, knowing this, let a murderer ewear away my liberty, my more than life — mine !' 4 A man must live, Mister. There had to be two witnesses, so Backstraw chose me. I aren't ashamed. He knew there's one i thing I'm not capable for — it's being ungrateful, and to a old schoolmate and all. One of yqu had to be lugged, you eea. Why shouldn't it be you ? If I hadn't been second witness, 'twould have been him.' 4 True. Moldwarp, how is it you know the contents of that second will ?' 4 Because I read it. Because, being light- fingered by trade, I took it out of old Back- straw's pocket and put iu another, &g; like outside as two peas, for him to burn.' " 4 What !' cried Lawrence Derwent, forgetting where he was, and trembling all over. 4 You have that will — now.' Maybe no. Maybe ay. I want to do what's right, and I want to punish ingratitude. If, being a gentleman, you behave like one, tho will's your own. If, not being a gentleman, you don't, why 'tis but instinc' to act according. Old Backstraw might turn grateful again if I told him what I told you. 4 No, no ! I am rich enough to buy back my rights twenty times. Do you suppose I came back to England for the pleasure of putting my head into a lion's den ? I came back to find means of raining those who had ruined me, and it would not have proved hard to ruin a greedy adventurer and a fool of a boy. I am rich enough to ruin fifty Horace Derwents and a hundred Sermon Rackstraws. But now— if you have told me the one good grain of truth in a bushel of lies— when that will is in my hands, Silver Mold warp, you shall receive — let me see — ten thousand pounds. That's high enough, £ suppose, to make sure of you?' 4 Ten thousand ! Well, yes, Mr. Lawrence, I might manage to make it do, if I could make eure ' 4 No ifs, Mr. Moldwarp. And wait a bit ; we must see how we stand. Suppose — suppose I produce this will, and Backstraw and my half-brother contest it as a forgery — you're clever at such things, you know — how then V 4 Then I shall have to prove it aren't one — that's all.' 4 And in what position shall you Jje ?' 4 Me ! What need I do but poeket your bit of gratitude— which is a thing I like to see? All you've got to do — seeing you've got to be so rich — Is to buy a certain house that's just got into the market. I didn't like to carry a document like that about me for fear of accidents, and owing to a misfortune I hadn't the chance to bring it away when I had to leave. Nor, for that matter, was it any good to me while Backstraw kept grateful and you was not to be found, or dead may be. I stowed it there because 'twas the last place where 'twould be looked for, the people of the house not knowing so much as how there were Derwents in the world. You buy that house, and, when you've got settled, some morning you'll get a homonymous letter telling you what corner's worth your looking to. Then you'll advertise for one Silver Moldwarp, and I shall answer it and give all my evidence as innocent as a bird — all that's needful. Being witness of a will's no crime . . . and after getting the. will and before me giving evidence you can hand over 1 that ten— — ' I 4 If I get my foot on old Backstraw, we j sha'n't quarrel about terms. I'd give all the I silver in Nevada to be master of Longwood i and of my rights for a day. Moldwarp, j you're not a man I'd trust alone with half-a- ! crown. But I'm going to trust you bn this, I because I believe that for ten thousand pounds you'd sell your soul ; and I run no ; risk, whether this is trumps or no. What's ! the house I'm to buy ?' « 4 Crossmarch. You know Jhe neighbour hood, Mr. Lawrence — 'tis by Lowmoor. Belonged to an old deceased customer cf mine named FaDe.' 4 Croesmarcb, Fane, and my father's will is hidden there? — From 4 A Real Queen, by R. E. Fuakcillost, in Time for September. 