A Night with the Freethinkers. • (By " A VISITOR.**) A tew weeks ago a letter appeared in the columns of this journal on the subject "of morality and religion. We have no desire to re-open the discussion to which this letter gave origin, but in the communication referred to appearod the phrase " intelligent sceptics." The expression safely ran the gauntlet in the outburst of epistolary expostulation that followed the publication of the lettor firstmentioned, and to our mind merited some attention. At first the temptation to judge by one's experience was rather irresistible and vre, therefore, set the phrase down as involving a contradiction in terms and the "intelligent sceptic " as worthy of being franked with the niger eyenus of Juvenal, but on second thoughts, reflecting that the satirists' simile was correct only in so far as it applied to the discoveries made in the neighbourhood of his own particular locality it presented itself as quite possible that by diligent research into other regions the intelligent sceptic might yet be found. With this object we resolved to hear the other side of the question in re the argument now going on between the rival schools of Christianity and Free-thought as to tho alleged conflict between the geological record of the formation of the earth, and the cosmogony of Moses. We therefore attended the lecture given by Mr. C. Bright in reply to Rev. E. C. Spicer—who it will be remembered recently lectured here (as well as elsewhere) on this question. We find that the lecturer prefaced the delivery of his address by a reading from Ingersoll. The theological duel between Colonel Ingersoll and Rev. T. De Witt Talmage is notorious, and the former has resolved, apparently, that his adversary shall not have the last word. He has, therefore, compiled what he calls a Talmagian catechism, the latter portion of which Mr. Bright read to the audience. The lecturer explained in what manner the catechism had been constructed—a manner which turned out to be a charmingly convenient one to the Colonel, but hardly fair towards either the Doctor, or the representative Christian, who it is palpable is really the person involved. The questions are propounded by Ingersoll and the answers consist of convenient declarations cut out of Talmage's sermons and (where these ga.ve out) sentences supposed to be uttered as replies "by an adherent of Dr. Talmage." If Mr. Bright will allow passages to be clipped from his lectures irrespective of their context or the circumstances under which they wore spoken; and will further allow a declared opponent to coin sentences and label the same "replies supposed to be given by an adherent of Mr. Bright's" a catechism can be easily compiled by which the worthy : free- thought lecturer would be made to teach a considerable amount of inconsistency and deplorable nonsense. But that, space does not permit we - could show, moreover, that the "points" scored by Ingersoll in this manifestly one-sided contest are really most superficial ones, and can be turned against the compiler of the catechism with crushing effect. Mr. Bright then addressed himself to'the object before him. After making merry over the title ofthe newly organised "Association for the Defence of Christianity " (which title is undoubtedly an unfortunate one—and Mr. Bright's discovery thereof corresponded to the message alleged to be conveyed by the ghost in Hamlet as to arrant knaves and villains—) he proceeded to remark on Archbishop Vaughan's late speech at Manly. " Infidelity formerly used to skulk," said the prelate. Quoth Mr. Bright in reply, " infidelity might well skulk when its professors were put to death if they showed themselves. It was fine for the wolf to accuse the innocent lamb of skulking." Probably so. It is however almost needless to point out that no Government or Society ever punished, or ever could have punished, or can punish a man for what he thinks. When he begins to enunciate or to propagate his doctrines, so soon but no sooner can control come into play. We then arrive at this principle, that freethinkers have not chosen to come out into the open solely because they had not, to use a hackneyed expression, " the courage of their convictions." It has been pointed out, indeed, that it is no great reproach to a man that he does not possess heroic fortitude. But that is very different from a whole class taking upon itself to decline running any risk—to refrain from attempting to promulgate what it believes to be true simply from fear of possible civil penalties. The founder of Christianity taught his disciples "Behold I send you forth as sheep in the midst of wolves," and yet in no wise his command " Go into all the world and preach the Gospel." We may be pardoned for saying that we esteem the adventurous " sheep" of Christianity, going forward to meet the persecution in fore, above the skulking "lamps '' of Mr. Bright shrink- ing from the persecution in posse. Mr Bright then likened the institution of this Defence the ship was sinking and people were availing themselves of any kind of raft possible, Hardly so, we venture to think. . How a society founded: upon a determination to stand by and defend some one thing can be likened to a raft utilised by persons in order to escape from or abandon some one thing is not quite discernible. Mr. Bright went on to announce that " everything good in Christianity was welcome to the rationalist. Freethinkers were quite willing to preach the doctrine of loving one's neighbour and the golden rule," and much more to the same effect. As this critique does not profess to lean towards either faith it is not necessary to dwell on this point, especially when both creeds stand on common ground. A little more "doleful matter" (as respected the Christian religion) " merrily set down"—according to Mr. Bright's ideas; and the lecturer announced that the newly-organised society would be heartily welcomed but for one glaring defect, namely, that it was formed " not to discern what is true but for the purpose of making a foregone conclusion appear to be true." This is fairly neat, but decidedly superficial. To whom do tho organisers of the society wish to make their foregone conclusions appear to be true ? Hardly to themselves, in the nature of things. If to others, it does not appear that they differ vastly from representatives of other theories. To be joined with Columbus (struggling to make his " conclusion " of the existence of a great western land "appear to be true"), and with Stephenson (persevering till he made his "conclusion" as to the practicability of conquering Chat Moss appear to be true ") is rather an honour. Mr. Bright may draw the dividing line as he pleases, but he must not be surprised if, by this sort of action, he sends tho greatest of men into the camp of his opponents. Mr. Bright of course added that the Society was formed to sustain " an old and sinking theology," which it is unnecessary to show is a plain begging of the question. He then drew into closer relations with his advertised subject. He intimated that he was not going to follow Mr. Spicer into details which would be better dealt with by men abler by virtue of their scientific training, but he merely desired to point out the more prominent objections to the version tendered by the representative of orthodox theology. The first was that Mr. Spicer's address was "eminently that of special pleader, and depicted that gentleman as holding a brief to prove several things at all hazards." It is needless to say that is beside the question. The matter at issue is whether Mr. Spicer succeeded in his attempt, not what instructions were given either literally or figuratively by his Association. Tho address may or may not have had the characteristics of special pleading. This is, howover, a secondary matter in any case. The lecturer then attempted to prove that he himself was not a special pleader. This was .done by showing that while Christian ministers had a professional motive for trying to prove religion to be true, the freethinker had no motive for trying to prove it to be false. When Mr. Bright descends to personalities "he cannot expect a critic to follow him, so we need not deal any further with this incident than to say that the lecturer evidently needed to be reminded that, as in the physical universe there are grounds for presuming the existence of a force to some extent opposite in character to the marvellous power of attraction, so in the metaphysical world it is not merely attraction against inertia. If Mr. Bright will not forbear meddling with the subject of the dynamics of the latter region he may yet find himself in the presence of the well-known "zeal of a pervert," and " violence of a renegade," which at least are fair counteracting forces as regards any professional weakness for the loaves and fishes of orthodoxy. After a reference to Darwin and Huxley and their following, and some further romarks on the difficulty a Christian theologian, who should find the logic of free thought irresistible, would experience in making a definite decision, the lecturer alleged that Mr. Spicer had referred to scientific men who were anxious to destroy the orthodox faith—which Mr. Bright at once construed (with a total disregard of the use of a relative clause) to mean scientific men generally, and made much capital from. This, in the face of Mr. Spicer's late production of a manifesto, signed by 617 scientific men of this generation, and testifying that tho persons signing had satisfied themselves that up to the present science had disclosed nothing irreconcilable with Biblical teaching, and that they deplored that the teachings of science on this subject had been perverted by persons who could scarcely pretend to have any acquaintance with those teachings, was discreditable in the highest degree. Mr. Bright then dealt with the position of the Christian theologian, alleging that "he was bound to believe certain ancient traditions to be the word of God, spoken in absolute words to man. It must not be regarded in any way men chose. It was a volume that had dropped like tho Ephesian stone from heaven, and every word in it must be taken as the infallible rule for humanity." From which it will "be seen that Mr. Bright contends for a literal interpretation of the Bible or none at all. We shall deal with that feature later on. The lecturer then declared that the Christian theologian now discovered that everything science knew could be read into the ancient record. For instance, continued he, " Mr. Spicer is compelled to make out that ' day' does not mean ' day,' but an ' indefinite and elastic period of time.'" As we have heard Mr. Spicer's lecture, we may affirm that this is totally inaccurate. Sir. Spicer did nothing of tho sort, but contended that it was quite possible to consider the term " days " as meaning "periods of twenty-four hours' duration," and yet establish a harmony between Genesis and the teachings of Science. Mr. Bright is clearly guilty either of making utterly groundless assertions or of uttering wil ful misrepresentations. It may be pleaded, however, that that is an oversight, and that the orthodox view is as set down by Mr. Bright. But in any case tho expression of the lecturer is not a happy one. That by the idioms of most languages the use of the term " day," as a synonym for '' era" or " epoch," is admissible, even Mr. Bright will scarcely venture to deny, but to leave him no excuse we will furnish a specimen— \- The style which the Utilitarians admire . . . . fell before the Baconian philosophy in the day of the deliverance of the human mind.—Macaulay. Mr. Bright may reply that this proves nothing, since it is notorious that Macaulay's works abound with Hebrew idiomatic expressions. But he only knocks down his own defence by so doing; for he is thereby compelled to .allow the existence of such a Hebrew idiom as that for which we now contend. At the same time it is allowed that this does nothing more than establish the position from a negative point of view. We have now to consider why (although the use by him of tho selected term is shown to be by no means indefensible) Moses did not use a term that would have better answered to the state of affairs, froma literal point of view—in short why if he meant ' periods of time " he did not say " periods of time." But to one who has even the vaguest idea of the character of tho language in those early Hebrew writings it will immediately appear that we can hardly hold Moses to account for not doing what (in all probability) was philologically speaking, impossible. If one must work with such tools as he has and we must allow that Moses used the best word at his command to express what he wished to say, Mr, Bright might explain at his convenience what was to be done if such " command" extended over only such primary words as usually make up the language of a people scarcely one remove from barbarism. 'Then Mr. Bright 'drew near to the heart of the conflict.' He did not attempt to refute Mr. Spicer's - scientific proof of the correspondence between the sequence of events according to geology and -that as related by Moses, but joined issue in regard to the work of the sixth day. He admitted that Mr. Spicer had established the harmony as to the' due order of creation, but said that small credit was due to any Biblical agreement with scientific dis- coveries in this particular day's work at least. "The Bible was a most convenient book," said the lecturer, qubting from Ingersoll; and he thereupon pointed out that tho order of the work of the sixth day as given in Genesis I.- 26, was just the reverse of that given in 1. 24, and that the theologian was therefore provided with corroborative evidence whichever way the scientific testimony might point. If this is not captious criticism—simple quibbling—it would be hard to find a specimen thereof. The theologian has confessedly established his case, and may well retort " hypotheses non fingo" ; but the truth is that v. 24 simply refers to a Divine intimation as to the particular created things that should appear at that particular time, and the grouping of those created things in such intimation—seeing that they all belonged to the distinctive class of fauna—is obviously not material. What has to be settled is, in what order has " God made " the animal and vegetable world, and if it is proved that the sequence as shown by geology corresponds to the sequence as shown by Genesis, the attempts of Mr. Bright savour somewhat of a trick pro- verbially associated with a red herring. Does Mr. Bright seriously contend e.g., that by the appointing of the sun and moon ... . "for seasons and for days and for years." that the words of Genesis present us with an opportunity of declaring' that in the view of the writer " days " were a portion of time in duration between "seasons" and "years." He certainly must see that tho " it was so " refers to the appearance of the fauna in a general sense, and that particulars of that appearance are furnished in the following sentence. This onysiudent of English composition can perceive. Mr. Bright bases his line of argument on this one phrase, and more definitely on the word " so." To establish his case it is necessary to leave fair controversy and let the whole question degenerate into a dispute about words, upon which—as we do not pretend to any skill in logomachy—he will pardon us for not entering. But we may say that a case must be fairly desperate when its only chance of averting a defeat lies the hope that a word that shifts from adverb to conjunction and from conjunction to adverb, and that partakes of tho nature of both, may be compelled to declare itself definitely as an adverb of an extreme type and may, thus be made to bear the whole superstructure of a theory. But, argued Mr. Bright, suppose " science had shown that man was, in point of time, the first of all croated animals! The believer could then have ignored tho 1st chapter of and could have taken the 2nd in which we are told that, after tho advent of man, G,od created the animals and set them bofore Adam." Evidently this refers to Gensis ii, 19, and as we decline to pose either for or against orthodoxy we may leave Mr. Bright and the Christian theologian to fight the matter out—merely remarking that Mr. Bright is wonderfully skilled in what " might have been," and is altogether oblivious of the existence ot the line "Quemquam posse putas mores narrare futuros." Besides, to declare that his opponents would have the desiro to erect on the fragment of a verse of no direct chronological character a whole chronological system in the face of the existence of Genesis I. and in direct opposition thereto, is certainly 'to impute hermeneutical dishonesty of a most intense kind, while to own that they could ever raise such a structure— the maintaining of it is of course out of tho question—under the circumstances, is to credit them with rather more ability than they have hitherto shown, since Mr. Bright contends that with the skeleton of the present work already done for them, they have failed to erect a substantial edifice. The lecturer then alluded to his opponent's claim that the terms used in the description of the creation corresponded to the discoveries made by science in the present ago. "Firmament," said Mr. Bright, was a word which was connected in the minds of most persons with the idea of some- thing "firm." Undoubtedly, and we may make Mr. Bright a present of a further argument. The Hebrew word (translated " firmament"), and which it is Contended by Mr. Spicer and others should be rendered "expanse," does indeed convey tho idea of expan, sion, but it is derived from the prac tice of beating out metallic or similar substances, and therefore is not disconnected with the idea of solidarity. Let us then assume that firmament did convey the idea of "firmness" by reason of its etymological derivation, and that the original Hebrew word did convey the idea of "soli, duity," for the same reason. But to be con, sistent Mr. Bright must allow that the Eng- lish word " heaven " (a synonym for the foregoing words) conveys to English minds the idea of a "heaved up" space, by reason of its etymology. If Mr. Bright will admit this, wo shall consider he has on this point the best of tho nrgument. The free- thought exponent made some rare fun for his audience by insisting on a literal interpretation of the language as to "the windows of heaven" and the project of the builders of Babel—which project he described as being to build a tower by which they might bid defiance to another flood and ascend to the dwelling place of God Himself. It is strange that a gentleman who so rigidly insists on a literal rendering of Biblical passages should here have fallen into tho error of leaving the Biblical account altogether and of crediting those Noachian adventurers with two designs—neither of which, as far as we can learn from the Bible, they ever possessed. If Mr. Bright will read the account more closely he will find that the enterprise was formed on quite a different basis. The lecturer then alluded to the mystic ladder of Jacob's dream, and rather naively informed his audience that if science had not discerned the infinite magnitude of space We should have never heard of the altered construction to be put upon Biblical phrases, a piece of intelligence that might have resulted from much deliberation on the lecturer's part, but which certainly adds little to the general knowledge. (We venture to think Mr. Bright is trying to emulate our old friend "Touchstone" in "As You Like It"). He gave his definition of the " true ministers of tho true God" as "men who look into the mysteries and penetrate into the secret of things, and who compel alterations in a work fallible of the falliblest." If the duties set down are the primary ones of God's ministers aooording to Mr. Bright's ideas, we pre- for in this matter the views of other persons. But Mr. Bright proceeded to show that the orthodox belief as to the construction of Genesis I. had been stereotyped for us in Milton's " Paradise Lost"—of which poem he read an extract. A few minutes afterwards he mentioned that exception had been taken to his own description of Milton; in so fat as by the lec- turer the author of " Paradise Lost" had been at different times styled' -" Milton tho great Protestant poet," and " Milton the freethinker." There was so contradiction, explained. Mr. Bright. Milton was indeed the great Protestant poet of England, but it had only recently been discovered that in his declining years the great scholar and writer became a Unitarian, which Mr. Bright rather unwarrantably construed to mean a "freethinker." Now, Milton, is tho "great Protestant poet of England" truly, and Milton in his old age embraced Arian views; but since the poems which secured him the above title were written and published during the last eight years of his life, Mr- Bright is certainly liable to a charge of disingenuousness. But the claim of Mr. 'Bright is that in Milton's "Paradise Lost" we can discover the orthodox views of Milton's age; that in short Milton is a representative theologian .of the time. Be it remarked, we do not now deal reasons for so doing.. We may pass over Mr. Bright's further tirade against the Biblical tra- . with Milton's delineations. They may be -wrong or they may be right. But we have excellent authority for declaring that " Paradise Lost" contains unmistakeable traces of Arianism. If therefore " Paradise Lost" is a reflex of the orthodoxy of that age such orthodoxy must have been of a strange type. But it may be said, Milton may have been heterodox on the one point only. Possibly so, but that is exactly what Mr. Bright has to prove. His contention that Milton is a representative of orthodoxy—or that the tenets to be gleaned from "Paradise Lost" can bis relied upon as being' the orthodox ones of the day—is shown to be untenable. It is for him to put forward Milton on another ground and to give his reasons for so doing.-- We may pass over mr. ditions and against Mr. Spicer—merely suggesting that to rail like a Thersites is .not exactly to fight like an Ajax. There was some merriment over Mr. Bright's rendering of " the house that Jack built," which he contended had just missed coming down tho ages as authentic Scripture, while the present Biblical stories had narrowly escaped transformation into nursery legends. He gave the whole interesting narrative, and amused his audience by putting a transcendental interpretation thereupon. It can hardly be contended that this had much to do with the logical soundness of Mr. Spicer's position,' and Mr. Bright may not be unaware that Hamlet—in warning the clowns in the play not " to set on a quantity of barren spectators to laugh (if) in the mean time some necessary question of the play be then to be considered —describes the actuating motive in such a case, and the individual actuated thereby in no very complimentary terms. In the penultimate part of the discourse the lecturer showed how the careful student of God's works was infinitely superior to the mere blind devotee under whatever circumstances, and gave as an illustration the story of the discovery relating to the motion of the pendulum, as made by Galileo during the service at Pisa. As Mr. Bright has conjured up the spirit of Galileo, it may be well to hear the views of the great Florentine on other subjects. Mr. Bright, it will be remembered, is most intense on the subject of a literal rendering of the Bible (or none at all) and does his best to combat the views of those who hold that the " meaning" of the record does not always lie upon the surface. Let us hear Galileo on this point: " I admit and maintain that tho Hoiy Scripture can never depart from what is true, provided we take it in its true and germane sense, but no one will deny that this often lies deep and is a good deal removed from the bald signification of the words. It is, therefore, the duty of competent and diligent expositors to bring forth in every instance tho true meaning and to explain the ground and reason of tl.cii- having lie words which are presented to us." Mr. Bright will, doubtless recollect that a certain class of persons in Italy, about the age of Galileo, entertained views as to the interpretation of Scripture (especially as regarded a certain verse in the Book of Joshua) rather akin to those Mr. Bright now holds. If Galileo was so infinitely superior to the priestly lords of the Inquisition, Mr. Bright lands himself in an unfortunate position. Tho freethought lecturer must know that the higher grade of Galileo's intelligence speaks on this subject of Biblical exegesis as it spoke on other matters, and if the persecuted philosopher, notwithstanding that his science seemed at first sight to clash—nay had been declared by orthodoxy to utterly clash—with Biblical teaching, could declare " that the Holy Scriptures could never depart from what was true," surely it is time the feeble voices of Mr. Bright and his coadjutors were heard oh this matter for the last occasion. The leoture was concluded with a recitation of some sentimental poetry wherein happiness was sought for and found after the usual poetical fashion. It is needless to say it received enthusiastic applause. 