A Wonderful Escape. In an old work, called " Taylor's Mystery of Ghosts," occurs the following story of a miraculous escape from drowning: — A. tall heavy woman, named Williams, had been to spend an evening with some friends who resided on the eastern side of the River Uek. near C-aerlcn, in Wales, her own house being on tbe opposite ride. Going and returning, she had to cross a wooden bridge, curiously constructed in consequence of the river's occasional rising, which it did sometimes to the almost incredible height of fifty or sixty feet. The boards which composed the flooring of this bridge were designedly loose, and supported by pegs, in order that on snob occasions they might not be destroyed, but float with the tide. Returning home with a lantern and lighted candle, the night being very dark, Mrs. Williams was passing over when she trod upon a board which, by some accident, had lost the tenons originally fixed to its ends. Plank and woman slipped and fell' into the river. Strangely enough, on reaching the water, Mrs. Williams found her self astride the plank, and supported by it. With great presence of mind, after the first outburst of alarm, she steadied herself upon her strange steed,' and was glad to regain her lantern with the candle still barning, rigfitly concluding that anyone seeing the floating light wonld be corions to know its meaning. The tide bore her rapidly towards Newport, where she hoped her cries wonld be Heard by those who would assist her, or that the bridge would stay her progress. To her great horror, she was disappointed. The hour was late, and the good people of the town were buried in slumber, and th9 swift ness of the spring tide sent her straight through the arch with the velocity of an arrow shot from a bow. So she sped on, her candle horning lower and lower, her hands and limbs so bennmbed with cold that she every moment expected her hold to relax. In this desperate position she reached the month of the Usk, and was on the eve of encounter ing the tnrbnlent waves of the Bristol Channel, when the master of a fishing boat,' returning from his nightly tGils, saw her gleaming candle, and hearing her crie3. suc- ceeded in rescuing her.- — London Society. 