p] j St. Johni's, Piarramatta. Tm foundation' stone pf the northern transept (orfe of two to bft added to tSt. John's) wf l f laid by the Vioar-General on , Tuesday afternoon.,: Notwithstanding the un-- fa^urable nature , of the weather (heavy min' hftving falien at intervals throughoat the day) ", a ?°° a attendance. Shortly after 3.J0 o clock, a special servico was commenced in the Church in the shape of a modified form e Z e .?L ng P m y° r -, The psalms Minted were the 84th and, 132nd. fiev. Canon Giinther officiated to the third collect (with the exception of the appointed lesson, . 1 "'.V J oad ¥ Itov. J. B. Blomfield. The 400th hymn (Mercer's) "Glorious things of thee are spoken" was then sung, and tho regaining prayers were read by the A ;, PMlip*. The 678th hymn, •« The Cburcb'B - one foundation," followed, the Very fiev. the Vicar-Goneral reached a thoroughly practical sermon from .? I Kings vi. 1st ^nd 2nd verses, drawing attention to the similarity between the case referred to therein and that which had given riBe to the enlargement of the building in which they then were. He .pointed out that it whs impossible to evade the duty of providing more accommodation except at the cost ' of prejudicing the work of the Christian Church r-and especially of the Church of England—in the locality, and claimed that the pressing nc^ds caused by the increase of congregations disproved the assertion that Christianity was beooming effete. In conclusion, he held up for their imitation the procedure of the younf: prophets spoken of by the text, admonishec! . the parishioners to work unitedly and yet individually, and declared that if those methods were adopted by churchmen generally the work of the Church—even in tins , colony would be euoh as to amaiie those unconnected with it or unfriendly towards its mission. An offortory having been taken up, the company left the church and proceeded to the stone. The scroll, of which we append a copy, having been read by the fiev. Canon Giinther, was placed beneath the stone. "In the name of the ever-blessed and glorious Trinity of Father, Son and Holy Ghost, tho comer stone of this transept was laid by the Very Bev. W. M. Cowper, M.A., Dean of Sydney and Vicar-General, on the 24th day of April, 1883, being the 46th year of the reignef Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria; the Bight Hon. Lord Augustus W. F. S. Uoftus, G.C.B., being Governor of the Colony; the Bishopric of the Diooese being vacant by the death of the llight Bev. Erederic Barker, D.D., Bishop of Sydney and Metropolitan; W. JT. Giinther,JM.A., Canon, being incumbent of the Parnh, W. A. Phillips Curate; W. Brown M D., Bichard Harper J.P., and C. W. Lloyd J-P-. K ' Harper, F. J. Wiekham and F. T. WatMns, Churchwardens; I. Waugh M.D., 0. Johnson M.D., S. J. Pearson, C. B. Oaimes, T. Dixon, C. ,E. Fuller, B. De Low, H. Hughes, J. Hassall, A. Gee, E. Palmer, F. W. Bmney, W. Bow, S. Walker, T. M. Shepherd, W. B Wade, T. Taylor, I. Dunshea, F. Lovell, W. Burns, F. Vahrenkamp, being the Church Enlargement Committee; W. J, Stephenson and H. Schwartzkoff, secretaries; Cyril Blacket, architect; R. Kirkham, contractor. Stat crux, dum volvitur orbis." The Vicar-General then pronouncod the formula of laying the stone as follows «'I lay this as the foundation stone o_ the enlargement of St. John's church in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and the Holy Ghost," and added, "The gloriouB majesty of the Lord our God be upon us, prosper thou the work of our hands upon ub, O prosper thou our handy work." A specials anged prayer was then read, and the very gentleman delivered a brief address to those assembled. He said tho oocasion was an interesting one not only to their denomination but to all residents of tho town, because of the connection of St. John's church with tho early history of the colony. Ho was personally gratified at being able to take the part assigned to him by tho Enlarjment Committee, and he trusted the work on which they had now entered would tend to extend tho power of the Gospel, and to promote real religion amongst them. He then intimated that he had earlier in thd day looked into the previous history of the church by which tbev stood, and as a result he found that the first church in Parramatta (then known as Bose Hill) was opened in August, 1795, having been built out of materials of two huts—the Bev. Samuel Marsden having superintended the work. Collins, the historian, adds that by this means, and by similar undertakings at tho metropolis, " Sydney and Parmmatta were supplied with respectable churches." The foundation stone of old St. John's was laid on April 5,17S7. Divine service was performed m the building for tho first time on April 10, 1803\. St. John's (Parramatta) was, therefore, the first church opened in the colony. As regarded the edifice alluded to, they aU knew that its unsafe character necessitated (in 1855) the rebuilding of the church—excepting the towers—and the present church of St. John's was opened on July 1 of that year, the chancel being added shortly afterwards. During the process of re-erection, divine service was conducted in a wooden building in Phillip-street. Under the ministry of his friend Bev. Canon Gunther, the necessities for further enlargement had so increased tfcat, after thoughtful consideration, it had been solemnly determined by the parishioners to enlarge the building as now proposed. He trusted tho undertaking would be attended with the Divine Blessing that by itB means Canon Gunther might yet r e )°' c e "i a large increase to its congregation, and that especially many young people may by its agency be trained to worship God according to the orderly services of the Church to which they belonged. He also trusted that many who had received instruction in Christian truths might also be confirmed therein. Every Buch church was a bulwark against infidelity, was a protest for God's truth, and gave the direct lie to Atheism and Agnosticism. It showed that adherents to the Church of England still believed in the Tri-une Jehovah, in the Father, Son and Holy Ghost, in the Christ who died to redeem, and in the Holy Spirit who sanctifies all the elect people of God. Every suoh undertaking was indicative of what had been done m the past, aud of the efforts yet to be made. Tho very rev. gentleman then explained that under the circumstances the atsepblage would not be invited to lay their contributions upon the, stone in the usual manner but he trusted that all who felt the necessity for the work in which they were engaged would not only themselves contribute; but endeavour to get others to take advantagss of the privileges afforded to contribute as the budding gradually rose. He related an occurrence that took place reoently at a similar event near Sydney, and said that if they determined that (he building should be opened either actually or virtually free of debt, they would effectually prevent the rise of future troubles and anxiety, and the Church and peoplejrould be at ease. The hymn "On- wart, Christian Soldiers" wasthen^ung, C UMi'enH- and A -the Benediction pronounced. ' 