SEEMONS FOE THE TIMES. I THE FUTURE CONDITION OF THE WICKED. Thhe following is a sermon preached re cently in the Wesley an Church, K&punda;, by tbe Rev. J. Haslam. Test—1 Peter, iiL, 19—"By which also he went and preached unto the spirits in prison." Mr. Haslam eaid:— We have before us a text which brings under oar notice one of the most pressing religious questions, not only of this, but of every age. Let it not be said that by preach ing on this subject we are prolonging a dis cussion which would otherwise die out, and the dying but of which is a desideratum. Judging from the past, it is a sub ject in which men will never lose interest, and the danger of evil lies not in the thorough investigation of it, but in relegating it to the company of topics dealt with only when we are obliged to do so. The abstruseness of the passage has called forth commentaries enough to form a library in themselves. It is not my intention to review, much less to make a further contribu tion to the wranglings of other men, but simply to declare to you that interpretation of the passage which most commends itself to my judgment, and then to point out to you those facts which with such an interpretation the text authorizes us to infer. Peter's object is to illustrate and enforce by the highest example the duty of patience beneath unde served reproaches and persecutions. Ko interpretaion which overlooks this design can possibly convey to us his meaning in the hard weeds which follow. "It it is better," says he, " if the will of God be so, that ye suffer for well doing, than for evil doing," because Christ has done so. Be was " put to death in the flesh," taken by wicked hands and cruci fied and slain. But He was raised Jby that divine nature, which he had from and with the Slather before the world was; in which divine nature He went to the contemporaries of Noah before the flood and spoke to those ungodly, scoffitng, disobedient men in the person of that " preacher of righteousness." His long-suffering was not alone towards tbe men of His own day, to whom he preached in the flesh, but to those men whose spirits are now in prison. To them He preached by His spirit in the person of His servant. For them He waited the whole of that long period dazing which the ark was being prepared, and by their unlawful deeds his [patience was taxed. Such as it seems to me is the interpretation to put upon this passage, which I have elected as the ground upon which to base some solemn and impor tant observations. I do so in the earnest hope that some who yet remain unaffected by the revelation of Christ's love, may by "the terrors of the law" be persuaded to abandon evil, and seek in Christ righteousness and life. Apart from this hope, be assured there is nothing in this subject as a controversy which would lead me to devote to it a Sunday even ing's service. ^ "Whatever may be said respecting the exegi sis which we have advanced, it is difficult to see how, with such a passage before us, the following proposition can be challenged, viz., that the death of the ungodly is not the annihilation of their being. The structure of the passage obliges us to conclude that tbe spirits of whom Peter writes, were at that time in actual existence, and had been in existence since the days of Noah, a period of some twenty-four centuries. During that time they had not lost their personality, uor ceased to possess consciousness, and the attri butes which made them human. In all such particulars, the waters of the flood left them sb they were before. The pleasing and popu lar theory that the soul can only exist in a future state in consequence of its union with Christ, and that in a merciful annihilation the wicked will either at the time of their departure from this world, or at some period subsequently cease to have any being, is I venture to say thoroughly uuscriptural, and in conflict with sound reason. The moral character «f the soul in tbe world to come, while it affects its condition, does not affect its being. _ The question of its existence is alto gether independent of its character, just as it is so in the present life. It is undeniable that the sort of life a man has in this world is much affected by his being religious or other wise ; but will any one affirm that a man must be religious in owier to live in this world ? If not, then to teach that a man's immortality in the world to come will depend upon the rela tion in which he here stands to religion is, at least, to teach a very unlikely thing. It is a teaching which our present life gives us no clue to, and which certainly the word of God does not support. In His moral relations to men, the Scriptures lead ns to believe that God is invariably the same, ever against the wicked, ever for the righteous. By the annihilation of those who are wicked, God altogether loses one aspect of His character. How are we to feel quite sure that He will not also lose the other, and that His favour will cease to hold Him to the righteous? In other words, if the law of His moral relation breaks down in the case of the wicked by His ceasing to be against them, what guarantee have we that it will not break down by His ceasing to be for the righteous? I choose to believe that the principle by which God governs intelligent beings are universally and unalterably stedfast, and that their operation is precisely the same in the future state of being as in this. I choose to believe that the question of vice or virtue has no more to do with the soul's im mortality than it has to do with a man's existence in this world, but that man is im mortal by virtue of his birth and essence as a spiritual being, irrespective of his mor.il and religious character. To come back to the text. These were spirits of men to whom Christ once preached. Peter referred to them as being in prison. Between the preaching of righteousness to these men and the time of Peter's writing, twenty-four centuries had elapsed, and still they were in prison, unanni hilated. Twenty-four centuries in that prison must have robbed those spirits of any linger ing hope of deliverance either by annihilation or otherwise. Am I pointed to such scripture phrases as "everlasting destruction" and " eternal death" ? Such phrases are never used by the sacred writers to denote the ex tinction of the intelligent principle which we call the human spirit. Those who in the book of Revelation are said to have been visited by the second death must have survived the first death. If therefore the first death did not involve the termination of their being. ' why should it be supposed that the second did ? Brothers! we are immortal, made so by the great Creator, and in a sense correspond ing to his own personality, for we were made in His image, and after His likeness. Into us He breathed "the breath of lives" and made us "living souls." We shall live for ever, whether we believe in Christ or not. What soever is contingent upon that belief, it does not confer upon us, nor does unbelief rob us of the God-given power of endless duration. Another proposition which I advance upon the basis of this text is that to the wicked immortality is an endless retrihution. What ever the word prison means or does not mean, there must- certainly be attached to it punish ment. What that punishment is, has been variouly represented according to the culture and intelligence of the times when, and the individuals by whom the representations have been made. While I do not deny that Peter refers to a locality, I believe the reference is more to a state; less to a scene than to a condition. This, as other descriptions of hell, we must understand in a moral and spiritual sense; and while I reject the teach ing of mediaeval times, when preachers used to terrify their hearers by representing the wicked as being subject to the action of literal fire and brimstone, I hold that punishment there is, and such as even that terrible image and metaphor falls short of. There is punish ment, and punishment for guilt. A prison is the receptacle of such as have broken the law, and whom the law has pronounced unfit for liberty. Spirits are in eternal misery because they are guilty. Guilty of sin, the sin of re fusing to be saved, of spnrning from them the love which sought to allure them from danger and sin, of trampling under foot the Son of God, and doing despite to the spirit of grace, of resisting a power that was always at work to bless and redeem them, and their punish ment is their guilt. This, and not the expo sure to some material agency of suffering. They are by the unalterable justice of God, ex eluded from that compassion and love which on earth they spurned. Out of themselves comes their woe, the woe of an eternal perpetuation of perverted moral sym pathies and tastes — habits which the soul acquired in a course of evil upon earth. By the ordinance of God there are a thousand barriers which stand in this world between the wicked and the consequences of their wickedness. Those barriers will be re moved in a future state, and I believe the punishment of the wicked will consist in the fixity of wickedness, and their full experience of its woe. Oh! brethren, what punishment can be worse than this X cannot tell! The woe of being given op to the selfishness and depravity of a Christless, unspiritual life! These are the "terrors of the law," the "damnation of hell," "the wrath to come," from which you are warned to flee. Further, with a prison we associate the idea of bondage. These spirits were in guard. Their liberty was gone. They were encom passed by restrictions—fast bound in fetters of their own forging. It is a solemn thought that those who have been in this life most im patient of religious restraint, and most deter mined in their contempt of God's government, will hereafter be met with the loss of freedom on every hand—the only liberty they have, serving to augment their misery. Liberty, for instance, to think, but to think such thoughts as inflame their remorse and intensify their horror of themselves. Many other suggestions belong to this signi ficant metaphor, bat for the time enough has been said upon such a sad and solemn subject. There are other and much more pleasant themes upon which I might discourse to you, yet this as a part of the whole counsel of God must not be shunned. Have I not said enough to convince you of the fearful enor mity of evil, and furnished you with further argument to shun in conduct that which as a : seed springs up to bear nothing but wretched ness and woe. And has it not become solemnly evident that the connection between hearing the gospel and salvation, is not in variable nor necessary. The spirits who had been in the prison of hell when Peter wrote were the spirits of men to whom the gospel of life had been preached. " Be ye doers of the word and not hearers only, deceiving your own selves." And finally it must be equally obvious to you, since to these men the gospel was preached, their subsequent ruin was no part of God's design, but that it was contrary to His disposition, and to those agencies which He had placed in operation for their salvation. So, if you ever share theirniisery, and darkness, and bondage, you will have to reach that ter rible condition by a course of disobedience like unto theirs, and in spite of a Saviour's sacrifice, and the constant and urgent striving of the Holy Ghost. And there " shall men seek death and shall not find it; and shall desire to die, and death shall flee from them." " Lest that, my fearful case should be, Each moment knit my soul to Thee: And lead me to the Mount above, Through the low vale of humble love." 