THE FRENCH IN MAOAGASCAR. The following news from Madagascar, brought bv the Messageries steamer Mel bourne, which arrived in Adelaide on Monday, the 16th instant, appears in the S. M. Herald of the 17th, having been telegraphed from the first-named town. It will lie noticed that, although the fimpml of Mr. Pakenliam, tbe Britisli Consul at Tamatave, is referred to, no mention is made of tbe alleged kidnapp in' of the captain of H.M.S. Dryad:— The Messageries Maratimes steamer Melbourne arrived here to-day, bringing later news respecting affairs in Madagas car The following is from the Fort Louiscocrespondent of the S. A. Begister : ,,mi ? ~ f«nnt f.hj* RPnh OI War &?' Madagascar is grave. After the bom bardment of the Majunga, the French fleet proceeded to Tamative, where they arrived on 31st May last. Immediately Admiral Pierre sent to the Hova Govern ment an ultimatum, embodying the fol lowing clauses -.—let. The acknowledg ment of the right conferred upon France by treaties. 2nd. The right of ownership of land'in Madagascar to be granted to French subjects. 3rd. The payment in full of the indemnity due to erencu »uu iecU. Tlie reply to the ultimatum being unsatisfactory, the bombardment of Tamatave was' begun on the morning of 11th June. The first shot was fired by the French flagship Flore. After a few boura' shelling the French lauded and established authority in Tamatave, all the Hova authorities having fled after tho first gunshot, During tbe bombard ment tho French resideuts had taken refuge on board the sbips of their nation, while the English subjects took shelter on board H.M.S. Dryad. The French proclaimed martial law at Tamatave, and established as mayor M. Raffray, the vice-consul. They have ordered all tho foreign consuls to baul down their flags till they are duly accredited to the French Government,' a nnndrmmn who recently arrived at Tamatave from Antauannrivo has fur nished tho following latest information to the editor of a newspaper, who thus sum marises the facts in writing on 22nd June:— We noted that much anxiety was felt for the safety of tho French sub jects who bad been sent away from tbe capital. We now learn from a reliable source that they have arrivpd safely at Tamatave. A gentleman who recently arrived at the latter port from the capital reports two facts of importance — the dis turbed 6tate 01 me inieriurw iuc™'tv... and the fact of the Hovas having large bodies of troops actively employed in fortifying their positions on tbe roads to the capital. He adds that ultbough sup plied at tbe capital with a strong military escort be experienced difficulties and rian-TPi-s of no ordinary nature on his journey. Tbe Horas, be says, are confi dent of being able to prevent the passage of the French troops to the capital should such an attempt be made. The services of tiie English naval authorities in pro viding for tbe safety of the European residents at Tamatave during the bom bardment is highly spoken of. The following was obtained from the passengers on board the M.M. Steacrship Melbourne .-—During tbe evenings of the 15th and 16tli June the Hovas, having tried to force an entranco into the city by detached corps, were repulsed, but tbe number killed could not be determined, I as they took away their tteao wuu ineui. During the operations the French admiral SntlmntnA ts\ (^.antain .Tnll fl^ton. of H.M!.O. Dryad, that her communication with tbe shore was prohibited during the flight. Che Rev. Mr. Shaw, chief missionary at Camatave, was arrested for hiding the :hief of the Hova police, named Kadiak, [ is well as the schoolmaster, both of whom were octing as spies. The report that the Queen of Madagascar was dead was in correct. Mr. Aitken, an English merchant, was arrest'd and sent to the battery, and then removed to the French ?warship Nievre, for not acknowledging having two Hova women on his p--emises. He was released after two days' imprison ment. Princess Juliet is mill in the in terior, but she is authorised to return if she will submit to the Powers. The British ship Taymoutl) Castle had several missionaries on board, but they were prevented landing by the French Admiral, onri in nrtnaprmnnnn was taljen tO tllO Mauritius. Tha funeral of Mr. Pakenham, late British Consul, is thus described :— The people of Tamatave heard of the death of Mr. Pakenliam, who had been there twenty-one years. He died at 1 in the morning from a disease he had been suf fering from for eidbt or ten years, j Duriag last week his life was much aggravated. Tlie funeral took place Ht 8 in the morning under the care and authority of the French military, who rendered the honours due to bis rank as agent of a Government on friendly terms with France. Captain Menier supplies tne annexea relative to H.M.S. Dryad .-- -When war fare became positive between tbe French I and the Malagese, the French took up their position to bombard the town a la I Alexandria, but meanwhile H.Jf.S. Dryad came to anchor in a position which inter- I fered with the French ships in service. The English war vessel being neutral, Admiral Pierre politely requested th« commander of the Dryad to shift his j anchorage, which be declined twice. The French Admiral sent a third request, with a diagram of the position he desired the Dryad to take, which was then acceded to. Afterwards the commander and officers of the Dryad went on shore and mixed with the people. GHOSTS. — An attempt is being made in the old country to revive tbe belief in visitants from another world, nad many are the wonder ful stories that fill some of the journals, Tbe sceptical mind is, however, Inclined to adopt Scrooge's remark to Marley's ghoBt : ' How do I know that yon arc not a bit of undigested bread 7' for, of all tbe ghoat producers, a bit of '? heavy' brend is the most potent. It is a won der, therefore, that people do not adopt tbe surest spell against ghosts by using Berwick's Gold Medal Baking Powder in making bread : for, although it won't 'raise ghosts,' it mill raise bread in tbe most ndroiiable fashion. Kvory wise storekeeper haB it by him, and ever; good housewiee bays it, 