Mnr tiADT'S PLOT;! .'?-'' ' T ob, tub ; ? ' j Ghost of Diiwolo Castle.! BDB.PBISING THB TOOTH. * And by the heavens above us 'both ! I swear you shall never execute Lady Beanchamp's ' Hellish, plot ! I a wear that Nina Beauebamp shall live!' In those passionate -words Doctor Allingham . declared his unalterable purpose. In those_ passionate words Nina learned the frightful doom i to Vhich she had been ?consigned. ; Mrs, AUingham's voice instantly rose in as passionate reply. - ? ' 'Youare mad!' she*iied. ' * Mad or eane, 1 6 wear it shall be bo !' 'Mrs. A1l'ngh^m went on, headless of the in terruption- * You are mad ! Am I not -pledged to finish the Work Lady Beauchamp has so effectively begun ? . Are not your own best interests concerned in its full- and speedy execution ? -.Ungrateful boy '. is it not for you, and you alone, that I have con sented to become a partner in Lady Beauchamp's -well-laid plot 1 Ib it not that you may be en riched, and so withdrawn from the dangerous associates, and more dangerous life, which you have — * At that point Doctor Allingham all at once Bilefieed her. Leaning across the little table at which they were seated; he cried, quickly, exult * You mistake, mother ! My best interests lie In a different direction! My game is worth, to us, a dozen of Lady Beauchamp's ? Mother, I in tend to marry Nina !* Mrs. Allingham. burst into an angry, mocking laugh. ' Marry Nina !' she echoed; * Why, you know* she has been engaged to Colonel Devereux almost from her childhood ! More than that, she loves lim ! And more still, Nina Beanch^mp will prove herself /no passive lambkin when once awakened to resistance. My son, you will find it far easier to destroy Nina than to marry her; But, aside from all this, there are more Berious obstacles to — * For the second time Doctor Allingham inter rupted her. For the second time he leaned im pressively across the table. . In low, deep, but strangely distinct tones, he spoke. ' Nina Beauchamp will marry me,* he said, * or she will — ' The deadly menace just trembling on his lips was suddenly and startingly ohecked. With a hushed ejaculation, and a slow, half jajralyzed movement, Mrs. Allingham had risen fcid lifted a warning hand, her eyes strained upon some object at the other end of the room. Doctor Allingham was on his feet in a second. In a second he had turned, and in a second taken in the whole situation... Before them stood Nina, half shrouded among the hangings she still unconsciously grasped, and erect and motionless as a piece of sculptured marble. Her face gleamed white, and stonily fixed, from the folds of blood-red satin, and her lovely hazel «yes stared at the guilty pair in a bold, change less stare, that never altered and never swerved. Just as she bad stood at the drerd moment that Doctor AlUngham'B first passionate words fell XLpon her ears, bo she yet stood. , She looked like one frozen into an immovable stillness and breathless silence, that nothing short of the trump of the dead could ever dis turb. ? ' Fora little not a sound was heard, save the . bushed, hurried breath of mother and son. Doctor Allingham was the first to recover him Eelf. Shaking off the mingled feelings of awe, regret, «nd anxiety to which he had succumbed, he started impetuously across the floor. Forgetting his mother's presence, forgetting, everything but the destroying love the girl had iaplessly'won to iMB»J£-%b* burst inttf*Hay«f fuming, impassioned tenderness. - \- 'My .sweet Nina ! my beautiful darling !' he panted, striding toward 'hex with passionate caste. ''Banish your fears, my lovei Trust [yourself to me without a doubt, for' not a hair of your head shall be harmed I* \ He got no further. At his first words the girl's stony features had Jrelaxed, a quick shudder running continuously through her from head to foot. The returning light ot intelligent thought be gxa to brighten her eyes and soften the oold rigidity of her exquisite face. Bnt it was only the change, from a sluggish horror to a wild, pctive terror that increased with every word that lie uttered, and every step that brought him nearer. Mrs. Allingham was the one to anticipate what followed. Observant of the fluttering, bird-like move ment with, which the girl was unconsciously half poising nejTSvli, Blip vnuni «uti oiuu^mjtj vLecfcUU lessly, running toward them as she spoke : 'Beware, Berthold! Beware! Beware !' It was a useless warning. Indeed, its very utterance precipitated the event she feared. Almost as the words left her lips, Nina, with a lightning like movement, darted backward, the friendly curtains falling together in a blood-red screen, behind her. Doctor AUingham stopped short in his impetu ous advance, gazing at ™*e tremulous folds in a sudden mortification. Under its spur he cried quickly, flushing as he spoke : . * Gone ! and without bo nraoh as a — * Mrs. AlliBgham interposed upon th» com plaint. Springing to him with the fierce impetuosity of « tigress, she bunt out breathlessly : 'Fool! She has fled I The gates, are open! Xoitow ner, wane & ray w» noun, nei uu oom sue rotunda !' / With the words she pushed him roughly to ward the hangings, and flew to a door at. the ex treme end of the room. Those lost momenta were precious moments to jfina. K With feet winged by an immeasurable terror, ?he flew across the drawing-room, dashedinto the reception room, and thence to the echoing stone corridor which she had traversed with such different feelings less than four hours before. She reached the rotunda. ;. There a solitary servant' was busy polishing the great brass lamps swinging, from the lofty oeil She never saw him. She saw only the open door, and the open gates without. — ? In an instantshe had passed both. The man, » shrewd fellow, {and only shrewd fellows were employed at Dlavolo Ca*Ue),dropped . lus leather and started after her. But he as suddenly stopped. Bis mistrep's voice at one door, and lus master's ringing, feet along the stone corridor, brought him to an undecided halt. -?' Did you see her f ' panted Mrs. Alliaeham, her bee white to the lips, and her sapphire «yes Waging » thousand fires. 'Miss Beouohampp Did she pass through here f ' ' She did mistress.' - - .* 'FoUowi Bring her back!' cried Mts.Alling- T*PTT -? . ? ' Again the maa started for the 4oor. Again he . was Aopped. ' ' 'Hold! Stay when you are!* thundered yo«uigAllSngham,bbunoJBginio*herobmd»,«nd ?planing the fellow tack with tib* -Mse wxtii ?which he would hare, turned » top. . ^Th* ' am -Rx-&-n»turBdly vhook. himself rtMifbt in hU garmente again, and looked te«^nie}yat)In.AIling}uunr \' '.,) BWwas atfH ashy white, but there wasao open \- J« ^ 4oo*or 4lsappeat»d she answered the SBU'aJooK. !;. f\ -'.?':.''? ??»?'..'? ?'?/?^h': . '. '.'. I. .'..'?'' \ ♦Yowinaifer wiaiwi4i»o help whim he is l£k*- M^^'foUowU»^w^^quik^lM«^«M ' It Was only a glimpse* In a foment it was lost amid the sinuous wia^ingg 'cjf the steep, .shaded descent tcatle-i kr3^ little plateau below^ ^ 