TASMANIA. [By Electbic Telecrajh.] (fbom our own correspondent.) HOBART. MINISTERIAL POLICY. September 10. The committee appointed at the late great meeting held to approve of the Ministerial railway policy met this after noon, Mr Charles E. Walch in the chiir. The honorary secretary reported that 3370 signatures of Hobart citizens had been obtained to the petition adopted at ' the meeting. It was decided to request Dr. Crowther, M L.C., aud Wm. Belbin, Esq., Mayor of the City, and member of South Hobart in the House of Assembly, to present petitions, one to^each branch of the Legislature. IMPORTS AND EXPORTS. The following from the Gazette is a return showing the value of imports and exports of Hobart and Launceston during the month of August, 1883. Hobarl — Imports, £77,492 ; tin, 25 ll-20ths tons ; total, £2342. Exports, £36,916; gold, 87oz 14dwts ; total, £320. Launceston — Imports, £57,281 ; exports, £60,430 ; tin, 342 j tons ; total value, £31,304 ; gold, 3541|ozs ; value, £11345 2s. GOVERNMENT NOTICES. Mr George Wills has been appointed a constable for the municipality of Evan dale vice Mr Samuel Carey, resigned. Mr Donald M'Kinnon has been elected warden at Evandale rice Mr D. Collins, resigned ; and Mr D. Collins lias been appointed council clerk and superin tendent of police wc Mr T. Propsting, resigned. The statement of the assets and liabilities of tlie Launceston Savings Bank are published iu the Gazette. The following tenders have been accepted ; — For repairs to Commandant's quarters, Barracks, Hobart, Ware and Sun, £139 ; alterations to Brickfields Institution, for immigrants' quarters, R. Stable and Brothers, £131 ; erection of school and residence at Surges Bay, J. Fitzpatrick, £149 2s ; roads, parish of North Motion, section 5, R. Ellis, £258 9s 3d ; section 4, ditto, £139 10s. Mr Frederick Propsting ban been appointed Sub-Inspector of Police for the police district of Ringarooma. Mr Charles Ball, of Glenorchy, has been appointed a coroner for Tasmania and its dependencies. j TABLEAUX VIVANTS. An entertainment under the above title j was given this evening at the Tasmanian Hall, in aid of the new Congregational Sunday School building. There was a large attendance, and the performance - passed off very satisfactorily. The scenes i enacted were illustrative of Bunyan'a Pilgrims Progress, depicting from where Christian proposes the pilgrimage to the arrival of the Host at the Land of Beulah, and Christian crossing the river. WELCOME TO BISHOP SANDFORD. A welcome tea-meeting will be given to Bishon Sandford in the Town Hall, on - Thursday evening next. : V MI§S LOUISE POMEROY. ; ! - The Theaitre Royal . was 'crowded in. eveiy part this ; evening, the -occasion; being tho pioduction of Macbeth by the ; Pomeroy. ; Dramatic Company. Miss Pomeroy gave a veiy faithful rendering of tho character of Lady Macbeth, her act ing in the ghost scene being deserving of especial praise. Mr Elliott was not veiy. tuccessM 'as -Macbeth, but Macduff received full justice at the bands of Mr Appleton. Miss Lewis, who impersonated1 Fleance, also performed 'very meritori ously, and the other members .of the com pany acquitted themselves . creditably. Brown's Band played choice musical selec tions during the interval in an efficient manner. 