NEW SOUTH WALES. Sydney, July 20. A little girl named Snter, residing at Cook s Hill, near Newcastle, fell into a tub of boil ing water to-day, and received a terrible bcalding, so much so that her life is despaired of. The French steamship Caledonien leaves to-morrow for Marseilles via southern ports. The steamer Melbourne is expected here on Sunday. The Bteamships Kent, from London, and Catania, from Hamburg, are expected this morning. The steamer Cuzco left at 4 o'clock for London via Adelaide, taking about 100 passengers. She has a full cargo of frozen meat. Great discoveries of tin have been made at Auburn Vale, about ten miles from Inverell, and 350 miles north of Sydney. Should the ore assay as well as expected a large field of almost unlimited extent will be available. A rush from the other tin-fields has already set David Thorn, draper, was brought up at the Lambton Police Court to-day, and charged with incendiarism in connection with the recent fire which destroyed the premises of John Hughes, Elder-street, Lambtou. The prisoner, whose shop adjoined Hughes's, was committed for trial, bail being refused. Three men, who are newly arrived immi grants, were arrested at Grafton on a charge of assaulting and robbing a man named Catt at Rocky Mouth. The prisoners were to-day committed for trial, as one turned approver and gave evidence against his companions. A splendid lode of copper five feet wide lias been struck in the Jlimnagoo Copper Mine atRockley, averaging 30 per cent, of ore. Smelting works are to be erected at once. At the meeting of the medical section of the Royal Society to-night Dr. Mackellar, the Government HealtlaOlIioer, read a paper on the advantages of federal quarantine. After some discussion a motion was unani mously affirmed that in the interests of the Australian Colonics it is desirable that such a system be established. A public meeting in the Protestant Hall to-nighv, under the auspices of the Drapers' Association, carried a resolution in favour of the early closing of the drapers' establish ments in Sydney. Mr. Dibbs, the Colonial 'Treasurer, presided, aud Mr. G. H. Reiil the Minister of Education, was among the speakers. The proceedings instituted by certain Wes lcyau ministers of this city against the Rev. John Osborne, minister of York-street Wcs leyan Church, who is accused of heresy aud false teaching, are still going on. The different charges againBt him have all been merged into one—that of approving of certain tenets of the Roman Catholic Church, based upon the remarkable sermon preached by Mr. Osborne some time since. This morning was spent in discussing what should be the,|udg meut of the meeting. The extreme or Orauge party advocated that a severe censure be l-assed upon the rev. gentleman, and an in fluential section of the meeting argued that a mild resolution expressing dissent was all that was demanded. A few of the ministers were strongly of opinion that Mr. Osborue, in the sermon referred to, did not travel out side his legal and moral rights as a preacher. After the evidence was completed Mr. Osborne addressed the meeting, and then withdrew. After a long and careful conside ration the meeting adopted resolutions to the effect that after hearing Mr. Osborne's frank declaration of his religious beliefs aud his declaration of sincere attachment to the Methodist doctrine, his statements were cordially accepted as full and satisfactory. At the same time the meeting considered his method of presenting these truths was at times so inexact as to produce the impres sion on the minds of some that he was erroneous in doctrine. In reference to the sermon on Roman Catholicism which was delivered in the York-street Church on April 22, and in which the Rev. fMr. Osborce in culcated Christian charity, tbe meet ing resolved that it was convinced that Mr. Osbcrnc was sound fin the doctrines of Protestantism as held liy the Methodist Church, yet from the evidence they were satisfied that in the former part of his dis c-curse he was so unguarded in his statements as to appear to advance doctrines which were net in harmony with the Church standard. Great excitement on the Northern Railway line was caused by the appearance of two hnsbl angers at the hotel kept by Euos Scott about twenty miles from Armidalc, which was bluek-up last night about 10 o'clock by two aimed men with masks ou. About a drzen people were in the hotel at the time when the bushrangers entered. These were all hailed-up ana ordered into one room : and loving collected all the inmates of the house into this apartment one of the bushrangers mounted guard over them, threatening instant I death to any one leaving the room. One ot those bailed up had a roll of notes in his Sockets, -which nnperceived he managed to rop behind a sofa, and obtained after the | robbers left the premises. Whilst standing on gnard the bushranger's hands trembled greatly, so mnch so that the weapon in the right hand went off accidentally, the bullet ] striking a lad, the son of the landlord. The bnshrangers having ransacked the premises for money, and having obtained about £100— 1 all the cash in the house—lef tonfoot, threaten ing death to any one following in pursuit or giving information to the polioe. News of the robbery was conveyed sometime after wards to the nearest police station, and I constables and troopers were sent out in , pursuit. The following notice appears in to-day's Gazette:—Bacon (green, undried, or in brine) is liable to a duty of 2d. per lb., nnderthe pro visions ot section 133 of the Customs Regula tion Act of 1879, as possessing properties in the whole or in part for a purpose similar to an article on which duty is payable under the Tariff Act, 34 Victoria, No. 21, the said article approximating in its qualities or uses to imported bacon, upon which a duty of 2d. per ib. is leviable. His Excellency the Go vernor, with the advice of the Executive Council, directs that bacon (green, undried, or in brine, whether in sides, middles, flitches, hams, or rolls), which. has been sub mitted to any process of salting or otherwise, shall be subjected to a similar rate of duty. Sydney, July 22. News from Noumea to the 15th July states that nothing further is yet known as to the movement of the war steamers Bruat orDestrees. A company of marine infantry has already been formed at Noumea should the occupation of the New Hebrides be decided upon. Two navvieB named William Gillot and James Carr have been arrested and identified by Scott as the men who stuck up the hotel at Black Mountain. They were camped in a tent near the place, and were brought before the Armidale Bench on Saturday morning and remanded. Nothing was found on the accused or in the tent to connect them with the robbery. It is generally believed that they are not the robbers. Sydney, July 23. A young man, named Frederick Kosobel has met with a terrible accident near Albury > He fell into the fire whilst in a fainting fit> and was dieadfully burnt on the neck, face and head. One ear was burnt off. He was for several minutes slowly roasting alive, and when rescued was unconscious. He was taken to the Albury Hospital, where he lies in a critical state. K. W. Slater, a man employed on a farm belonging to Dr. Mooi, of Lane Cove, acci dentally shot himself dead yesterday iu a loft. The Bteamer Aldinga, fitted as a collier, made her first trip to Mount Kembla Mines this evening. Captain Prendergast, of the steamer Rose- • dale, whicli arrived to-day from the Manning River, reports that during the trip a passenger, named F. Kitz, attempted to jump overboard and drag his brother with him. Both were saved from drowning by timely help from a sailor who witnessed the occurrence. Kitz, who is supposed to be deranged, clasped his brother tightly round the neck and struggled hard to throw him overboard. Ho had nearly succeeded when a man rushed forward. It took three men to release hiB grasp and secure him in the deck house, where he was confined until the steamer arrived in port. A large audience attended the Gaiety Theatre last night to hear Mr. Charles Bright deliver a lecture on the question, "Was Jesus a Christian?" Mr. Bright re ferred to the singular decision as to what was Christianity exemplified by the Osborne heresytrial.jyhentheRev. Mr. Osbornepassed as a Christian because of his belief in the deity of Jesus and of the Holy Ghost,, {lie doctrine of the Atonement, and the plenary inspiration of the Holy Scriptures, which belief Mr. Bright contrasted with the teach ings and sayiDgB of Jesus, who he declared would certainly denounce the present show of religion if lie appeared on the earth. A few days ago a raid v.-as made by the police on a Chinese gambling den at Emma ville. On entering tiie premises a large number of Chinese were found engaged in an unlawful game, and twelve were aires' ed aud taken to the vatclihouse. The folio .ving evening another raid was made in the same locality, when about 300 Chinese assembled and resisted the capture of the gamblers. They resented the intrusion of the police, and attacked the officers with spades, forks, and other weapons furiously. The police insisted, and fought bravely against over whelming odds until they were seized, lifted off their feet, and hurled out of the premises by the horde of Mongolians assembled. The prisoners taken by the constables were rescued and a riot took place. The polioe, who were unwilling to use firearms, had to relinquish the fistic and beat a retreat. Later in the eveuing a large number of civiliaus turned out to reinforce the police, who returned to the place and made a few arrests amid tremendous uproar. Temora, July 23. A Melbourne Syndicate contemplate erect ing a battery on Bourke's Hidden Star, Morn ing Star, Sebastapol, and Junes Reefs. The police are holding a private enquiry into the mysterious amalgam result of the Harcl-to Find crushing at Barmed.tiai, 215 oz. 2 dwt. of reputed gold only- returning 00 oz. at the Mint. Sydney, July 2 L It is rumoured here that Canon Barry will be appointed Bishop of Sydney. An cxtraoidiuary scene occurred iu the Molong Court to-day during the hearing of a . case in which a Mrs. Russell was the defen-" I dact. A lawyer named Kinna had a violent per sonal altercation with Dr. Ross, M. L. A. ,whom Kinna called a liar and lunatic. Dr. Ross threatened what he would do if he had Kinna outside. The latter flipped his fingers iu the doctor's face, and a fight seemed immi nent, as the doctor advanced in a fighting attitude, but the belligerents were separated. Two brothers named Crutchley, who had not seen each other for forty-three years, and yet for the most of that time had both been residing in this colony, met accidentally a few days since at Bourke, where both had business. As two prisoners, named Archer and McLaughlin, were being conveyed to gaol fiom the Courthouse at Wagga, the latter broke away from the police, anil ran swiftly towards the river, into which he plunged fully clothed. The constable drew his re volver and threatened to fire, which had the effect of intimidating the prisoner, and of making him surrender. The steamer Eoekton, which arrived from Fiji this morning, underwent a rigid inspec tion by the health authorities, but there was no sickness oil board. The City Coroner to-day held an inquest on the body of a man uanu-J William Slater, aged twenty-five, who was found with two gunshot, wounds at Lance Cove. It was evidently a dctcimiued suicide. A verdict of death from wounds self-inflicted war retained. Sydney, July 23. The annual meeting- of the Australian General Assurance Company was held to- day, the Hon. Alexander Stuart in the chair. The report showed that the premiums during the year amounted to £37,618, the total being £45,773, out of which sum £19,261 had been paid for losses. The Djiectora declared another dividend of 74 per cent., which, with the previous dividend iu January, made 15 per cent, for the year. The report was unani-" mously adopted. The annual meeting of the Port Jackson Steamship Company was held to-day, and the Directors declared a.dividend of 10 per cent, per annum.- • At the half-yearly meeting of the Joint Stock Bank, held to-day, the net profits shown amounted to £40,781, and a dividend was declared of 10 per cent., with a bonus of 28\. per share, equal to 2& per cent: £10,0CO was carried to the Reserve Fund, leaving a balance of £6,292. The report was adopted. The half-yearly meeting of the New South Wales Shale and Oil Company was held to-day. The report showed that the profits for the half-year amounted to £10,767, and a dividend was declared of 6d. per share. The Hon. Edward King Cox, M.L.C., died to-day at his residence, Fernhill, Mulgoa, aged fifty-three. The R.M.S. Zealandia, with the San Fran cisco mail, arrived at 8 o'clock a.m , after a passage of three days twenty-two hours from Auckland. She was admitted to pratique, and beithed alongside the wharf. Captain Web lers reports the arrival at Honolulu, ou July 7, cf the steamer .Hankow, with fourteen emigrants from the Azores. The steamer Great Britain was at San Francisco discharging coalB from Cardiff wheu the Zealandia left. The P. & O. steamer Pekin left Circular Quay at noon for London, via Melbourne and Adelaide. ' She takeB about forty passengers, 295 bales wool, 50,000 ingots ami 2,136 cakes copper, 9,124 ingots tin. The M.M. steamer Melbourne left for Noumea this morning. The Postmaster-General is improving in health, although he is still confined to his bed. The firm of Messrs. Mort & Co., wool brokers, has been converted into a Limited Company. The A.S.N. Company have declared a dividend at the rate ol 4 per cent, and a bonus of 1 per cent, for the half-year. The annual sale of stud sheep to-day on the Havilah Estate, near Mudgee, attracted a large attendance of buyers, but competition was not brisk. The total proceeds amounted to 3,591 guineas. The stud ram Reformer was bought for 500 guineas by Mr. Suckling, of Blandford. The Hon. Edward King Cox, well known in sporting and pastoral circles, died this morn ing at his residence at Fernhill. The Zealandia with the San Francisco mail arrived this morning in three days and twenty-one hours from Auckland, including an hour and half stoppage at sea. An engagement has been concluded with Mrs. Langtry for sixteen weeks' performances in Australia. Another fine lot of American merino sheep reached Sydney by the Zealandia to- day, comprising a number of Spanish and Vermont merinos from several well- known flocks along the FaciSc slope, California. A dreadful accident occurred at Circular Quay to-day. While discharging iron girders irom the barque Cynisca, one of thera, weigh ing two tons, slipped and fell upon a work man named Joseph Sylver, almost severing both legs. Amputation was successfully re sorted to at the Hospital, aud the patieut is progressing as well as can be expected. A van proprietor named Edward Smyth committed suicide by hanging himself at his residence at Glebe to-day. Alfred Row, better known as the Australian Blondin, has been committed for trial for the manslaughter of a boy named Albert Clymer, who was knocked down and killed by a pole falling upon him at Balmain. Tne pole formed portion of Row's plant with which he intended to give a tight-rope walking exhi bition. Temora, July 25. Mr. Marshall, of Melbourne, ana Mr. Dalbridge, of Sandhurst, after a thorough in spection of Buirke's Hidden Star Claim adjoiningtheSouth Australian Company's pro perty, have purchased eight tons of quartz for £70 cash for a test trial at the Hiberuia machiue, nitli a view of taking over the pro pel ty. Mr. Dalbridge speaks highly of the claim. 