EVA ADAIR. CHAPTER XXVII. The Temple, 27th November 187-, 4 p.m. xsAn OLD 'DAD,-Dou't explode when I toll you that Mabel Ormond has at last. rewarded any con. stnany, and wo shall, in all probability, be married irae few months. You remember Lord Garton, of course. I think I told you lie paired off with her sister Agnos, and they are having a very jolly time of it at 'Doulognue. His fabulous wealth will more than balance his paucity of wit. SYou may not know it, dad, but you are solely $udebtod to Sir Laurence for your consulship; it was his Influence alone that procured it, and, thinking that open confessioni would w6und your seonse of pride, hie wrote to your friends at Malta, and asoked them to assumo' that the appointment camre through them. I mention this entrc news as I had ' it from' Alice, so don't let your friends proclaim it with too much bombast, or sponge upon your geneuoity for the cradit of it. By George I dad, who do you think is coming in? I saw him piss the window-Arthur Knowles I 8 p.m. I am at a loss to tell you what has befallen poor Sir Laurence and Alice, Arthur, who has only lust arrived in town, has been recalled to Lynwood, by telegram. Sir Laurouce's lifo isdospaircd of. Thisl is a suddon shock, diad; but I'd rather you heard the true particulars at once, in truth, than any coconuut which may reach you almost as soon as this--in falsehood and exaggeratlon. I need not toll you of Arthur's mad infatuation for Alice, I begged him not to go to Lynwood this season;. but be resented my intoerferences-ho always bhad a will of his own- and went. The result was as I eoxpected. You ltnow Alico's way confound her lI-although she needs our sympathioe rather than invectives now. She led him on to their old. former ways-"doing evil aid receiving good." I know that she alone, was to blame, although Arthur will not have it so. So Sir Lau. sence falls nacroses them in a tete.-a.tete at midnight.' Hlie passes that over with a silent rebuke, which means a very eloquence of words from a gentleman as he is. The next day hie nephew bursts upon them, having, I presume, led Sir Laurouce also to overhear a confession also from Alice, and-?Oharley was wrong, howevier, in presuming thus-a few hot words eiasued, and Arthur left the Mailior there and than for our diggings at the Temple, Although the whole affair was to be regretted, all might have ended well hut for the sequel. For an unfortunato and groundless snspiioin 'being conveyed to Sir Laurnceu that his nephew and Arthur were to engage in a duel in Lynwood PI'arkl, and hisa foears being confirmed by a few gunshots at sunset, which turned out to be tihe gamoekeepor, Sir Laurence rushed like a:dmdman from tihe Manor; and saliing the cloth from a now mare, whose paces the groom. was at that moment trying, mounted, and dashed at a madcanterr for the wood. The result .was an' unexpected capriole on the part of tilhe' animal, throwing Sir. Laurence forcibly upon the broken, stump of, a treo-the tree lie oftoen epokle of as the one struck by lightning on the sight his firlst wifeo died;. and. it appears the fillin has occdsloioed' internal injuries, to which much serious danger is' attached. Arthur had not been at my rooms an. hour, when a tolegram arrived expressing Sir' 'Latirentuio's; danger, 'and his partioular wishli to see' hisu So Arthur went at onco, taking two emninnt physicians down.; .,but they are siro to have their own people at-Lynwood.. I am going there by theo, nluno express, and'have only just time to catch it. -Yours, CIIAuLEY,. SFrom a pile of home and foreign corres. pondence the ', British consul for -.Malta. selected this letter from his son.. When lie lId irdad it, ho bitAtrly reproohlied himself, for,' .,with, tearful and acute memory, he shuddered "over th'e rotrosiboot of Alico's early days ; his' indifforoence for her welfare ; his neglecto of all. that was honest and sincere; having always permitted her to follow her own caprice, sanotioning her own prinuojples of propriety.' But now hio reflected with horror on the unoxoemplary life lihe had sot his childron, ..for lhe plainly saw his mistaken "life; and laid at his own heart Alice's present misery and folly. But he" could:' do nothing- absolutely nothiieg. It ?v?s too late; for, onuthosame -day thiat Clialoy's letter had boon poennd Sat the Temple, in the same hour that found: Arthur journeying swiftly north,' Sir Lau ronce lay in agony at Lynwood; and from the moment hlie had beoon carried thither Alice Adair had never loft his bedside. His nopheowv, too, was there now, smoking with a physioitair upon the balcony, who awaitod attendance should Dr., loyster1 require his presence. For all was being done. that could be to alleviato Sir Lauronco's pain. Althouglh frequently a cry would burst from his lips, 'despite his efforts, totemper his suffering with martyr-like submission,.when a pairegori'' administered by Alice ' vould temporarily allay his acute pain' and slake his. intense thirst. Strange, tlhat it n' this mothont of intense agony lioe should have spolioken of his gods?n: "Alice, whore is Artlihur ? Why does hle not come ?". '.ulehad left for London, dear Laurenea '' responded' Alice ; "heis ' 'o li?e :etodrh now., "- Silly boy I Whore is my nephew.?" ' With the doctors ." 'His eyo'es resteid" on. Joseph Diew, who remained.in thie. doorway;, and: hlie seemed about t6 speak to him, but once more sankl bonoath'thb' tortuaio of hi? criiplod limbs, Wheruoicipn Alice, in her 'lhaste,; again handed him the paregorio to alloviato the paiiin;' liheo druik it 'eagerly, as Dr. Royster, springing from hisa chlirt seized his lwrist with a horrible expression on his face." The'siokman'saw it,'a'nd tried to riset. Alice saw it' aicd staggered backwards like one shot ; she had administoodered a.tortial medicine inadvertontly-God hhlp her I and Sir 'Liurenoo in the momort of his agony, had taken, poison ,enough,.tolkiul'a seoro of aumajliv?e ' " , 0, the scone 'thi. follotwdas" oy stor,' i'oealiug the' fact 'to th' ph siohsie; hurried from'theroom. ' ' " Have you called me in to show me your handiwork, iilbele Luoreti ta?'" iinteriogated Saville, speaking'boenatha is bseath . His insinuastion, was very .patent to hes , bait shie either had 'loD force of spsech or feared retaliation might excite suspicion. A guilty silenoeo Siavllo tlioughti, his tuin nothor lip losing colour as he. glanced upon Sir Laureinoo's stricken face-a .face thi?t 'poko agony, although his lips gae forthli no uttoranc. . i, a He know there was no hope for hlati As a last resource every available antidote Dr. Royator had hastily seoured proved' .iihff'e'. tisal; :no hand could alloviate the agon he bore with silent resignation. Lady Adair felt herself indeod She cau'6 of much misfortune, as she beheld liar h]usblnd's life dihawing close upon the end, and there wau a fixed and abcet 'look upon hlir fiae, like the stormy despair of. 'a mirlnlo Niobo. She ]know not how long Sii Luiirnoiu hadlingorod ii his agony bofore clii lironght her suisd to seek foi'givoenes, .Ithough oath mormon t had loft her in the gudaeu, iui meital torti'i that she had over She criod aloud at last, wildly and passioittvly, witll a depth of contrite sorrow in her hoart- an earnest' ploadiig inert voie--it world of uangstishell' pit ''bii hseet face-in 'wolrds which spoke no hope of pardon, nothing save measureless self reproach for her sad and fearful error. " ' But Sir Laurence, in terrible anguish, recked not her wild words his dilated eyes were fixed before him with a ghastly stare, his face spoke horrible sufferings. Again she reiterated her innocence, her very eyes grown eloquent in passion, her beautiful face strangely torn with the agonising doubt passing through her mind. But now hlie grew more passive and held his hand towards her; whilst she with a wild cry of joy retained it in her own and covered it with Hisses. The eyes upturned to hers she would remember; remember? -yes, while memory held a place in hoer distracted mind. " It was all a mistake," he faintly whis pered. And she drew closer to him and pressed her burning face against his cheek,: Then in the hours that passed so slowly lihe asked for Arthur, murmuring soniething of a promise made, to some one dead, which Alice did not hear. And then heo:breathed her name and added softly, "If you were, not beside me now, I should fancy that I. heard you playing the harp, so gently; don't you hear ?" And Alice listened, and her eyes met Joseph Drew's, standing in thei doorway ; he seemed.to' listen too, as they looked into' each other's silent face. But neither heard the echo of the dying mau's creaition:as lie journeyed on the old, old-fashioned road, and neither know the end had come; that death had torn the last page' from his book of life, to register its story in eternity.. Drew was the first to know, oand theoi one word escaped him--" Home 1" at which Lady Adair seonied to uuderstand, her lips apart, her eyes fixed upon heir widowqd love-for she loved him now-oh yes, if God had spared.him now,. His last look was as if he had wished to do something, for her, but had left it till too late. . "Dead I" she cried, and butrying lier face in' her hands, seemed to reap some satisfaco tion in tearing .with her fingers her fore head and her eyes.:. "Heaven knows ,that I am innocent of the last ill," she cried however my ap parent guilt may be wrought out by man, I shall beo guiltless- there. Even as she thliouglit of what had paissed, her figure drawn to its full height, liar arm pointing upwards, she seemed to live, the whole scene tlirough again, aand be tivice cursed in its'remembrance . ' Mr. Knowles is come 'now, my lady ; come too late 1" exclaimed her maid; IHow'wildly Alice's heart was beating at the mentioni of that naime IL She 'indicated to the maid hoewvish that hoe should see Sir Laurence. "Oh Heaven'" shep imui red, "if he should"hiiik that I- if Saville should have daredimiipugn-any torture would be' pre forable tolhis unbelief; I would sooner die a thousafid deaths than' he slidiil? think meo guilty." She heard his stop uioii the stnirs aind saw him- enter. She feared to :'meet his gaze; and iltlihugli he mighl? have' knovwn that seho was present, his eyes never reverted to her, but rested on the dead face of Bitr Laurence Adair..:: His lipliworo comptessod, his brow was steruly ?hknit, his faoo'e was deatlily..pale ;, somie..iain seemed suddenly to sting him, for raisiiig his eyes he fixed them pieroigly on Lady Adaii.,:. : ; . SThis was a.hiorriblo mistake !" " Oh yob,"' she answored' iadly; : but on witnessing Arthur's look, she "elapsed: her hands. together wildly; and e'xolaimed, " My God !" SShall I rinig for as?istaica " inquired Arthur, alarmed yeli'lia toine and manuer. "I know all," lie added.,":, ;,?? ';.:, "`i You do not think inc guilty you beheve men 2 :an ,not-I swearlit by my hope of heaven' I" "1I believe that what'you say is tu ; let us loeave this rodm;: it is. no place ot us, , obsoved Arthiiir. Shortly afte, theoiu: *deparrie?':. Joseph Drew oeuteredothe 'chamber ;' and as 'lie loolked 'iuponi Si "LiuradinLo, ears to fibiled dolviii ehieooke ,and vetre dashel aside by his lioiiost hbanud, For!.tiihe s'eivant:had grown tovoeierate his inasterdearly; 'aud as the first days passed before his f un?i?alj Lhd'y Adnaiitwas often eempelle&tld;'ii' midl him;. that itlhe room, wyasprivate , and' oli youldleave it with an absent look up oni his ac, :;m + ' i '? , ' ,l .f ;+ ;; ,r + ? + +m t ;;t"+ '' ' +?++ t?:'+ : :i f,s ? I' "" QIAItii X " " "( :3 + . -..: , .. . j .L j,.' cj .L f,,!:+ + d "Death tlihroiughinternal injiuriesreoeived, and aeoolorattd by misadventure;'"': "'.": Such was the decision of the inulest, and Sir Lauronce Adai. was btriitd with all the p?mi'.and coreinion?' that befitted hi?m." Thoe, eortdge a his+ fainetal inclh1ed delegates from every home and family that he had'kiown. 'o pidiushed a iioble lid \iid? klnightly gentlemii,r love i'n .death L asl lie was loved in life.;. oni of tho"few whobecould look the wide world in theface: 'and y 'sy I am no man's enemy., ' 'Al), ? how tlh poor will miss him, r'granny," sighed a* dashing, rough, though handsome sailoi, as he lIold the frail hand of an gld wvomai 'hi his groat brawny fist, his. liead rieeto,his'noblo nook exposed. .'Yes? " sighed the feoblo woman, looking proudly in his face, "lhe has boon very good I to ? ;e good to you, dearie. Hark to't I they are singing, at the gate again, as they sang upon the morn his wife passed through many years gone. by. You wore but a wee bit lad then, and may not mind of it, God bless them both I " '"Amen, granny," responded the sailer, as. they journeyed on the road, passing:the Royal Ambassador, where Hammond and Quin lhad ofton sat, in dreamy meditationi, but which plaeo would never niore be dairkeied more by either shadow; for, from the hour Quin's hoart proved traitor to his friond-from the day his figure shut the sunshine from Philip Hammond's home from thi night his dastard hand :aid an old mauis murder on his soul, he had avoided Philip .Hammond with the utmost parse. veranee. o Asleep, his life was a nightmare; awake, it,wane a living terror ; conjuring by daty, in overy figure that approached, tIme avengiiig Ilgur6 of ile once-called frioed; awakeniung ,fearful phautasmns by night, armed with divcrs weapons which piorced him tliruighi and through ; inflioting a fear ful pahin whichi kneuwv no datlh ; haunting him ine.isualnl3?,Jltk1 /the foretaste of ai oeidless infeori'o;, , . .' . . His actions at last became foolish and ungovernable, his mind was in constant fear and weakness, so sotted was his brain with drink and racking memories. On the day we meet him again he was in the streets thinking how with the few shil. liugs he possessed to place many miles between him and the police who were upon his track. - , ._ ............ - Alas that no mirror revealed to him hlis destiny that night, or warnedihim from 'the doomin iito Which ho uniconsciously hurried.. "Mrs. Hammond! " escaped hlis lips; as one from whom he' had been long parted stood like a ghost before him. " You hero I " exclaimed the figure, glancing at the door of an sisis close by as if afraid of encountering anothor,. " Where :is he ? Where is my bus band ? " ." don't know,". he responded, much relieved. : "Hots long have you parted from him and where ? Tell me all I . "Isn't he with you ? ' hazarded Quin nervously. I haveanot seen him-since lie desoerted me,'! she answered. ??o0mb' with me.ý "0, what a villain, never to come nigh of you " muttered Quin, as he followed lier; betraying some nervousness as they passed the walls of Durham ngaol'. - ' They tuined do1vn a narrow streeot, and passed into an inn..... .. Thia is' i my mother's;" here you can tell moe what has befallen him, where he is, and all you know,: ..George Quin marvolled `that she could possess one spark of inteiest in lher hus. band's fate, or any grain of pity for his welfire. ' Howy is the boy ? "h'e inquired when they were seated in 'the low-roofed parlour before a blazinig fire. " Sinking into rapid consumption,". an sworod Mary. ' Is he ?:2 'Sorry to hear that," miuttered' Quin, gasping for a drink, "' Have 'you asuohia thing asta drop of bratidy or a go of gin:unsweetened ?,'" he: inquired after much preamble. . Mary set some brandy befoi'e hiim: .. Save for her dress; he-thoughte she loiaed no better in the face than when he saw hlier last, but had even grown a tiifli thinner. . She liad 'lihaid itrouble find `ffliction since Sthn, of wlie lie was .i ignoranuco.e The poor creature had not received lihesr monitlior's hospitality amonth before a little child was -born'to lei,"an'id" taken fromot the world before her face had smiled upon it. No one but her aged mother 'had wit isosed lher intoense' grief, as' sheo lay 'almost atdeathlistening to footsteps as they boire all' that was mortal of' a little anigel frothm' hero'home.r No one but liher mother saw the agony. of love-the only true love under heaven-as she endeavoured to rise, and stretching forth her armr towards the door, as the footsteps died away, opened and shut her hands convulsively. Only those to whom that love is iknown can fully realise the feelings at fen-d with" M iary Hammond's soul as her little ong was' borne away for over. And to see her boy- liher only living child -sinking fromin her .'day; by day. in `low decline~, 'vis a bitteri bu1rdeno;t be laid upon her now: "". ' But, as she now listened to Qilin'sý false reos?ital of liow.i olie and- her. husband 'had iparted aiid siistotal nigioranoe of his ahb sequent ivhlieroaiouts oi occupation, she was called :to assist:hir moether, in the bar,:it being lihed ustom to relieve her' motheir at "meoaltitu's; ahd Qiiii" was"left ialone."' He determined. upon liar roeturn to solioit suffloieoni money to pay -his fare to Liver pool, from whencehlie resolved to ship aa?9 stowaway on. b6oard; some tirader, outvard bound. But soearoely had he beon left ialoiin; With his thoug ts when aotlier-not Maryt- ntetred: ,quickly;, locked ;; the rdoor,; aid threwylhe key'iUto the tiie " At lust, George:Quin we meet at last SDick,. is it-.you ?. instammered ,the dlrunkiemiian, ashlie tirined 'roiund iidandfaoed him, gl'ing uneiiasily at .the door,i, aind then at theli k, ihioh lay;upo?'fthe burning:' o?als Diol; jvit' tlio miiatt ,, he added, approaoh iig himiri "'you iloolc-I'' . SStianid badck' cried Riolhad Hia?d mmond "and art rue tIf you kuew how I have hunted oui for weeks- - Dick, what have -I done ?; Qiifin iiitei posed, as hlil?.i?iethir lip follti and the' stoo.d regardifig lii?'iitlf im iipeoolilossnie hi,?m'' SI have beedn the dupe of ,.your 'artifice too longj I did not know that in yourvbreast there raukled enmity against? me,-,,? ` Agaiisst you,'' Dick'-'-: ', exclaimed his former fiend~ ?:?,?ipletely beatei, doryn as the degrcod' looi'upon his face grew loess devil-may carb alid mofrful "Dout lookuat'mexhko that confess you robbed :my fthebr my fitr awh?.died" c ursing me, behseysuig .that 'I i?obbed,.himn '? aye, an'auTmiid, er e hslii aifor:i t ) 'ih'tig short.of mur?er'i.' """ ' Like the losleuth hound . lihaid Hammond sprang upon llimuad mortaI hatred setits smile upon hisi face attliatmmideit. "Oonlaess " hoehissed. The upiuatural working of1 the mr, i's lips afforded the most perfoct 'oonviction of his guilt, and l he felt that prompt.,aotion dotild' alone save him?. from strangulationi. The glass of brpitty whieh he had beoendiningg on lieliard Hammond's outranoo stood upon the mauitelpiece; with a quick moveo mont and' a ohuokle, he seized it 'and dashed the neat and fiery liqsuor in his opponent's faeo. It gave him instant release, ankd for immediate liberty he tried the window; but it would not move, and he was lirought to bay again, labouring'"for breath. 'Perhaps the mostihorrible expr~ilsisn that" human eyes could over witness,' on'b1iold inu what human.passion coulde'all forth, was soen and felt.by these two ainn, as the •ouio, lialf-bliiidud by the fiery liquor, dimly disrorned the other approaching him with 'savage' purpose, 'whilst a khiocking. at tlhe door without threatened 'to' sond it .inito splinters. Rushing furiously forward,. G eogo Quiin mot a foarful.blow uponu'Isis brow, asd fell \--his head upon the hearth 'behind hip. fell dead as stone. . And Rlishard tsi'iod away with a slk qualm and a strauge singing iniihis oars; he know that he had murdered Qisin, iad that escape was irrevo~ably out off,..A, shower of splinterod. wood' 'fell about him, as the door was broken opeinsand,,saveiorl pciple rushed itso theorobiin. M "", " Who has done this ?" exclaimed one. "Is l he dead ?" inquired another. "Yes," answered a third, raising. Quin's head, "quite dead." " Murdered I Darrthe door l" cried many, as a woman entered. A whirl of footsteps, followed by. a fearful jargon; a shriek, above it all, and Richard Hammond recognised the womat? who' had, fainted at his feet. CAPTEnR XXIX. It was the day of Richard Hammond' s trial. The court of Durham jail was crowded, the jury empanelled, the judge upon his justice seat, the prisoner in the Of those assembled, female curiosity preo dominated; all eagerly pressinguforward to look upon tlid face of the accused,". Mary Ha?minmond was.th' lart witness called by tlihe crown to ideiitifytlie prisoner, and a perceptible pain passed' over his face at the' mention of heie name-a namei flior many years so cold a,d' cailous to lhim= a name now. calling forth` all tlih'remnant of a better nature left in him to love' and venerate. As' their eoyds met, she drew her self up slowly as.if writhing iunder pain, ; ariand as her head was falling back, the judge's voice awakened her, for opening her eyes, eyes .which had shut her husband's image in their lids - a deep, half.i meliineaholy, half resigning calm rested oi ler ,face; the noble eloquence of'a cooiquored agony. She knew hisrim.e was too greatgreat;tliough theo provocation was -the evidence otoo con-i elusive to admit the faintest hope for an outlet for reprieve. In response to the judge' a' usual quiestion, the prisonerssaw no- rasoi, nor manifested' any, why justice should knot be done.' He had been ' heard to"swear htliit' he vould murder George Quin, and had souigliht him for that purpose. :-He admitted taking the law, into: his own hands-for GeorgeQuin's villainy had beeoon revealed to the jury-but did 'hiot seek to: exculpate' hiself;' on the contrai?y, he w'as sor?ry such a reoi?eant man was allowed to die so, easily; ?hen, as the sentence of death was 'pronounced on him, 'his eyes' reverted to his wife, aid a'lpw cry of despair bursti froim his lips 'as` lie s? her borne from the court insensible. How .painful:' wds. the ,thought ; that, she was nothing to ,him-now, that he had noi right to step down and take her in his arms, and walk the earth a free man once again. 'It; was too real,' too; horribly "real ; his doom hliad been pronounced,' andwlien con ducted from the court to the prison-cell, he throiv himself upon his pallet.b-d; his'rison, gyvs? fallingbesidehii with a heanvy clankl. , ,,iwould, be,;impossible 'to. ;oonoiye,' far more impossible to. doscribe,.how.,Richaid Hammond passed the hours of that night. The deep knowledge of his guilt troubled him little, as 'yet ; but the irrevocability of his doom haunted hiinm witli ai fearful horior; ?He hliad counted every curve and wrinkleo oin the :'arder's face, .for the 'man sat re gardiug him above a newspaper,"aN a keeper would wiatch a maniac' and:with: equivalent! purpose, should any feat of strength, be necessary. He lidpcture ooin the garish flame of a ifparai lamp rulnmuinini only tliat portion of the cllsm'all thoilghl.iti was, in wlilit burieed=-thIe .look, Ithe fac of George ein'; lih had si?on toomany rotro pects obf his own .broklen life floating up waids in its lonig, ;blaok, taperfing smooke but they seomed to passi away, .whilst th.e forms "-and-faces of-thoseo dead to'-him'for e"over ,still remained to rankle in his :breast; the moimpry of wrong done neoover to be As th1e prison clokol hinmedi out the :quarters, ofr the clanking of the prisoner's chaini aroused the warder, i'who,. ?ould jrrmp up'iVith a spiasiodic start, let tihe paper fall, and rub his eyes, sometimes answering= yessir," in response to some summons his faUicy had excited to reality, meore tlian once Richard Hammond seemed to extract some amusement in keeoping the man alive to ?he occasion. Of all thie faces co?ijured in thI.e flame before him, his father's figured most; a living likeness';, he almost fancidd. that he heard him speak.: It is only when? death "comes as a sitranger flith its stroke .is, terrible'l Was it comoingas a stranger now, oix a rienid" ,,For .someo-liours the prison chaplain' aat withhimi upooeaclih foll?wing day. ",. I ai.m but a por, bambassador of God," ho -Sid(, '" inr'annot speak my. mind as apltly: :s it;reasons with my soul' IBut lot nme exlii?tyou 'to rememinbr The wages of si, isdeath, but the, :gift iof God is etoiual 'ife; 'throuh'Jesus Cthroist ourýLo ,od. I have declared my belief that there was ite~ , G ill nowi qo?i?eoded Richard. Air aiheist'? inquirod the chaplaind with a look of per.i.. d \ o "'Do a.yo'i k?rio~vlib waan theist is ? inquirted 'Roichadbi Oefo, wI 4? e ti r ho te nen of Gody epd tire ? h":ap?,'Itl h 'Yesii added dichrd, " hainsf his own cousgiicno. ' 'e1'o believe in God, andt fear 'hini ast 'I no e upon the 1 point of d-at .Ti 'I. no'ie fielghosted seluiotr tblough ,fe, abnd there is no hope fortiu-e beyond this world " ha e broken and the conritehears, n ri secsion; of a humnblearfibdohlieving soul ryiing fromi thei delepest dungeon" or tre loftiest palance Lord be merciful to me a sinn-er I ' ' We are all bol to sin,' "lhe continued- b born in siii and for that cud Christ died to save us If people throw away salvdtion thins thInnet into their hands, cud prefer to lose their soul in death. they cbliublae no one else for their own' suicide," Tire revolving hand of time brought tloin to the eve of the prisoner's execution;, and as lie beheld tire. golden sun sot for tire last time indsira life, hue wondered wry Iris evifq badl never been to vtrr'rt hism, He cried aloud, from tIe agony of his soul, that she might not leave him .to die unforgiven;, he wanted to be at posce with all tIe woIld er he could maile his peace with heaven. The chaplain noivor loft him all tha night,; li knowvtoo well what hindered the striceen womun, andeoudoavourod to coufort h)im .' ',. . " " 'i, cannot' speak I " oried the prisoner; '~? oannot oven bring my mind to run in 'ar'irdst ptrydr inmy thogts are with her, 'outliving all rhligion. Hoavoinmows what humble ponitoncesis in .my heart; I ineed no' wiwods to say that it is there. ' A faint light at last broke through the iron-guarded window of his coll..--the dawn of day; the close of which wouldblie un known to him. " I acknowledge neither right nor title to an inheritance; my life is damned on earth; -what hope-have I in heaven ? " ' Foget' iot thf6t you stand upon the . brink-of- eterhity--" xhorted tliehchapiainu, "-and that your eternal peace depends on the mercy of a gracious God." SStrange; shapes of sin have:crossed my life wich HIe can never pardon," replied Richard, dropping his pen as hoe spoke, for "lh' had' bei;vwriting, amidplacing a paper in the chaplain's hands What is written there is truth. ,I , have. hiadit oiimy 'miind so long' proimise me .that 0ou will see it brought about-reparation to the :dliving; and retributionion the criminal:. You will be? good enoughli to se oit done and set it right, I know. .. SThe prison clock struck sevei ; he paused; as if to count the strokes, although so sure of them, anid the blood coured thirdiigh' his veins like freezing -water ; "'I '-live sunk so low as to forfeit all belief in my professions ; but tell her -"my w'ife, whom I` h:ave owrondd past, all" re demptionh to tilnifik onily! oft those; bygoue days; the joys our youth:andilove, and hope once brought us. Ask her--tell-her to think of my present misery as seldom as ---as she can." . . He passed his armi beforeo.: his eyes, and leaning his face upon it,, rested against the wall: After a pause, he addied " You will: tell her that froim "m "Yes. . Thankyou.'e?' He picked away a portion of the cement from the stone bulwark of his dungeon with a"link of hid chain, aas ono who 'had some thing on his mind and needed stiength anid courage to deliver it. "My earnest wish isl".?hie. continued, trying to speak calmly, .that our little one shall never know his father's doom." "i SHe is too young now: to be sensible of it," .resplonded: the: chaplain ;; imaiy the knowledge of it always be kept from him, The prisoner crashlied the cemenht which had' fallen from thle wall into powdee at -his feet:; iandl when hoie turnedii and 'looký libefore him, hesaw theohaliplain s face was owet with tears. i? ,.. .. " I should like-to have seen Mary," he, again 'obsei'ved.'' "It's 'a blesstd thing to be forgiven; it minakes ione feel sureir of--it1 .makes one feel-more hope0 and confidence -you understand me si . " .. Looking, out upon t'h'e ol?a blue a ,i nd listening to the fast inoreasing sound and bustle of the daily life without, hlie added.: - S.God, knows best sh'e imay b'e' ?ill per haps. Bright angel of Heaven u1'think slie would have come otherwise. : , "I em suieof it"," answeied the chap lain. ' "That's the half-hour o stiking isi t'it ?I y minid i going blind . Will you pray?" I cannot--I cannot I Don't you hear; -some one coming? L.isten I ,esthey arel coming beres There wit? anainxiou:? witful hope on Richard Hammond's,,face,? the onlyijhope that madeohis 'heart beat fast'dfas 'the pen fderous door aswung 'baok .pd(,ii s h ;itiges lbut the hope died out of him as the governdi of thoe ga entored, followied by two men, each beafing a coil of slender rope upon his `arm : , .. : . i, .,, '.'was, about this, time 4that MaryHam. Smend woko,;and stretching forth hbr'"arms; about the bed, missed het little eon-- %-At-the bedside sit her motherwatchitig. ":Where is the `child ? Where is littlel Willie ? '.inquired tlhe .prisoner's wife. And theni:,suddenly seized, withr: thore membranoe of her :past affliction, a: lod somrea.,oeseaped her bloodless lip.?i?,fi' - . Thank God 'youi have 'aw4ak~ned, M ary; ,Lxcaiee ,aged miothier-Don tb alarmed, I have 'little'Willieh -- " .f Ki,,fh? It 1 tt6is tris t ?'ti- ;' di the sentence", I reme ber ,nothing afterwards Ho6w lg liiae I een inthiis sleepI Haye 'I been insensibleisineeayosterihday ?,?:..." Ah; my- poor daughter;" for'+tdys'and -lnlg it's?,'!' .. ..":"' ,; '; ?:. t :',' t1.°"r : ? ` ,, :!;c;; .;"tqr;,,t".:,,,. 't.Days and nightsi ]!?she: annsyworod slowy, -,vacantly, ,shrinlungifrom thor.emotherS dface:? " Days and nights I What day?isthis.?':" 0: OGd" ? ' the' day fixor An ; I have not soon him,;aud thismiorninglixe. WhattIbell is that tolliig? Letmif eri se1io. For Heavensake diloit seek? to stop me l,'I. She .rose,' and ed"eoiavouiunig tooross the1 ioomi, fell lielpless' to' thde flo'o'' " The detoor saidit would'killlyoI? '?dioti try to risie ? .u . .; :a t - . , ,The lprison alock ,was'stikingieighit; ithe agod mother spokeloiud seekinga:to drown'its 'doetor '' ' " o -yo hear? . • . Be quiet, ocried'Mary, seimin,g Ieor a~m, LetIo€ me count-?five six, seveii, eight.A,:h. eight I ' She esisayed td6 riso, and fell again: -moroehelpless than before. - ', Hei hands were clasped together now hriei soul in2 silent ipraer. ,ghe wall of l?he prison yard was p-ainly visible thiough the window of the rom ian ''hibh sho lay, and the streetua ws thioi@ed with anxious faocs looking uli beyo?dit' Mary's mother saw a black flag ,run?up upon the staff within, and as a oud yell, brolke feomn the mhultitude, slihq kne?v ice daughter was aw iidow-. , ,.Let us hope that God has forgiven 'hid,," she cuied, -8 4 Mary Hammeonid'p u'yer was neyr headr on,.sau'th, . - t - p,'''I'.ittqJ,:? r f$'- ."t',- .i: '4.' (To', be0 se.Ln~ti~li~ed). ..'.L... 