BALLARAT. ritou otrn ow.t coRKF.arotniENT. Thore was a mingloJ rig and rovWal last wcok in allurial slocks. Tito rig undonbtodb 'was in the two Dykes, notably in Dyke's Freehold, and what is moro notable is that tho rig hold good oven when the managor officially contradicted tho rumor of wash boing struck, and upon wmcn rumor tbo run on tbo stook bad its stark it would certainly be a funny thing if the Corner follows knew moro nbonl the, mine than loo legal manager, though that is not abswutely im possible, so curious oro tho trays and facts of mining in. those yoars of grace ; but going upon tbo probabilities and tbo impressions of tho men outsjdo the Dyke's ring ot tho Corner, I infer tho rig as an unquestionable fact, mystery or no mystery ns to paid emissaries in too mino working tibovo or below board, at the instigation and pay of cntorpjising broaors. Still there was Bome basis of mino probability for tho run on both tbo Dykos, for South Dyke's bus a wash and is getting alittlo gold, and there is good reason to presumo that Dyko s propor will have a portion of tho same deposit, ao the little inflation of prices last week was not altogether without warrant. Of course, such pranks arc only easy with small priccdstocks, and tho damagodono, if any be done, is not alarming. The improvement in the Australasian group was duo to the actual prospects in tho several mines of tho group, an advanco of noarly 50 por cent, in Australasian Extended and North Australasian boing tho most pronounced improvement in that scrios of ventures. Tho steadily maintained output of gold in tho Now Australa sian, and tbe accoptod cortainty of tho gutter in the North and tho Extcndod woro of them selves enough to giro firmness to all tbo sories, but tho bores in the Extended having proved an cnormods width of wash, gutters and banks, tho advanco in the Extended and, by sympathy, in tbe North, was a logical result. in a market not indisposed to speculation. Tho half-yearly report of the Extondcd states tho width of gutter and banks, as tested by tho bores from tho drive across tbo gutter's course, nt 287 feet, and of tho gutior itself at 90 foot. A goodly sproad of pre sumably goldendeposit truly, and if it turn out to be only as rich a3 that in the parent claim, Ex tended shares will nocossarily go boyond present rates. Tho opening up of tho gutter in tho Extomlod will holp towards tho solution of tho nroblom whether or not tho Australasian (Rod Slroak) gutter goes into the Madame Berry, aB somo of the knowing ono3 have held to bo probable, and the issac is ona of interest toa good many poople. Australasinn Consols did notimprovo much last weok in price, but tbo only stock in tho group tbat had no advance and tho least businoss was tho parent one. New Australasian ondin" tho week at about tho opening rates or a shade easior. In the King ston stocks Madame Berry, as nsiwl, had hardly any business'; Lord flurry as little, uul a moro fluctuating market with receding tendency. Bono Hand had almost daily business at firm rate3, and Longlilin had a busy wcok, with a rush up in tho middle to 74s. and back subsequently to lower than the rales obtained nt the beginning of tho week. There 13 not much gold yet to Bbow for tbe value, and more must be got to warrant any improvement in prices.' Berry Consols has firmed upon tho settlement of tho company's shaft policy, and tho stock was in good domand, 100s. being reached on Wednesday and prices then casing, the stock being disregarded on Friday, the busy day of tho littlo rig in the Dykes : and Saturday's business being small and at abont Thursday's closing rates, 97s. to 07s. 6d. The higher price, 100s., is not oxtravagant and will bo passed, I think, if another mishap do not occur to delay tho sinking of the shaft, but with the iron cylinders well mado, and their fixing carefully soon to, tho work should go on without any moro delay than that which' is inscparablo from so deop and ugly a drift hs that shaft is in. Tho directors havo accoptod tho tondcr from Brown's foundry for supply of shaft cylinders, at £13 10s. por ton, de livered ; total cost, between £800 and £300. That progress will bo alow is certain, and tbo moat that shareholders can hopo for is tbat it Bhall go on without any now disaster or any unforeseen difficulty. Tho other members of tho Berry group havo kopt steady, and havo oven commandod improved prices, ono's having had most businoss, and a little tbo best in the advanco. A good deal of interest has bcon attaching to a dispute botweon two mobs of talkors, oneasssrting that tho Consols is draining tho Madame Berry upper drifts and rock, und the other declaring tbe thing to bo impossible. One thing is certain, namely, that the Berry bad no such drift as tho Consols, and that for anything known to the contrary, tho allogod draining i3 possible. Tho point to got at iB how far tho Borry scarcity of wator synchronises with tho Consols tapping of the drift. I commend this to tho consideration of tho disputants. In the Hopburn group, Consols has had most attention, huvingliua dailybpsinossat improving rntcsfor tbo most part, though there is a conflict ofopinionas to whether it was wise in tho directors to havo the ahaft so far oast of tho deepest boro. True, ac cording to present trend of the Paddock gutter the Consols shaft is not too far bast at all, and it is fair to presume that tho Consols decf) boro oitbor indicates another gutter west of tho shaft, or a very big bond in the gutter from tho Pad dock westward from tho Paddock north boun dary. Tbe eastward show is believed in on the strength of the Paddock indications, and a fresh move eastward is to bo mado in tho Consols, a relaying of tho drive rails there being to- aolvcd upon. Tbe Clones alluvial gronnd does not look very well yet, but may turn out all right. In Ballarat propor the alluvial is about nil, tbe Rhys having given up tho ghost apparently for wnntof gold or capital to got it with. Tho naddon grounds continue to produco steadily. The out put of gold reported last wook was 3004 or., which is a little over that of the previous weok the excess boing in qoartz gold ; the week includ'- ing the Band Albion fortnightly cake amongst others. Tho Band Albion yield woe better than that of tho previous fortnight, the qnartz apart from tho pyrites retaining 6 dwt. 17 gr. and a fraction over to tho ton — a paying average, but a slowly produciog dividend one. Tho drive south on tho hanging wall at tho north ond has not disclosed any notable change in tho stone, but in a crosscut cast thoro is a better Bhow of gold, and if tho make opens up answorably to tho show there an improved yield may bo looked for. Thoro has boon a hotter clearing up in Smith's Freehold, G7 or. for half time, and tho look of things on tho lino gonerally is a littlo bottor on tho whole. But there is grumbling in tho Smith's United region over a conflict between tho policy of the Miners' Association as to contracts for atoping and the interests of tho mine ownora. Of tho value of tho Association as a holp to labor ob against tho possible tyranny of capital there is no donbt, but tho measure of tbat valuo will be tho wisdom with which that holp ia afforded, and I am not quite sure tbat in all cases the application of the . policy of discountenancing free con- tracts is discroot. In tho Smith's Unitod for instance, tho wages systoin of stoning is nlayl ing old gooseberry with the shareholdere. I have cortainly hrard of a mino, not 190 miles from Mount Egerton, being a "benevolent asylum," but if all I hoar bo Itne, hoard from official sources too, the Unitod is not unphilantbropicallv worked at present in tho interests of tho wanes man. _ Btoping contracts wore Invited from as sociation men in the mino, and their tenders were excossivo. Public competition was hintod at, and tben tho management was threatened with a strike in tho not rcmoto distance, and the coneoquence is tbat whereas tho company's battery is equal to tho reduotion of 460 tons the fortnight, loss than ball a weok's supply was furnished to tlio mill by tho stops rs last wock. Of course calls havo to furnish wages when tho battery does not, and it is a quostioo how long shareholders can afford to 6land the drain. That is tho nut for the minors of tho As sociation to look to tbo'cracking of. In Ballarat East things are about ns nsual. Tbe -North Woah Bawp bus a fair show, for tho parent claim keeps up'a toler&bleoutput;, and has a pro mising ontiook. The Egorton and Gordon mines aro not in particularly good fottlo just now. Black Horse is stoady, economical, and the Is. dividend is still looming near, Tho Egorton b not paying expenses just now, or very littlo mora if doing so, and thoro is no change yet in tho mino to warrant liopo of an early divi. dend. The stock is low in the market, and has hnrdly any businoss. It is tho same with thg Parker's U nitod too. Tho lower lovel is not open, ing so well ns was hoped for, and the more northerly exploration will be probably nccossary. That is going on, at any rate, and in tho 400 feet level south tho loflo, though small, is reported to ho looking a littlo bottor. Nothing to roportfrom . tho Still Crook discovery, nor from tho Qroat Northern Parkor's and Jones Bradford region. 