A GBEAT AMEM€5LN NEWS-1 : • pape^. * •; ■ ■ j The jfew York Correspondent of the St. Iiouia' ;;JPost-Dispatch writes as follows :— Ap^opos of -Mr. James Gordon Bennett's re tarS td Ainerica, and all the talk about his new yacht^it t occurs to me how little the public understand the man and liis" true .relation to the ^Tew TTori/JIeraid. There is an impTes Bion thl^t Mr. Bennett—because he plays polo, gives^ tiallfi ' at Pan, apencls half his time in Europe/.ahd builds, fine yachts—allows the ILefaUl to >un itself. The facts are that nevpr. was a great property so thoroughly and minutely controlled by the spirit, and, yep, even the work, of one man (though the work may. not mean regular confinement to an office desk for so iiany hours a day per wept) as the Herald is by Mr. Bennett. When Mr. Ben nett is in Europe be directs the paper as abso lutely as lie does here. " He cables as freely as he .would talk.' Of every important event which occurs in the United States he is in stantly informed, and when it opens a subject on which the paper must commit itself to a definitejjolicy, he will often dictate, off-hand, an editonal, which is forthwith cabled over to the' home office. The reader, next day, in perusing the 3eratiTs editorial views, has little idea that they were cabled from Paris, Egypt, or Algiers, as the case may be, for they appear in the usnal place allotted to such articles! But so cloee is Mr.. Bennett's attention to details that he will often use. the cable in this manner even when a topic or, point of minor importance is in jquestion. Nothing in the paper is too small or. trilling to escape his attention. He receives a copy of the Herald every day, on' -winch J every article, paragraph, or item is plainly marked in big blue pencil letters with the name of the writer, and veiy often some little.city paragraph, obscurely hidden away at. the .bottom of a column, will come back with a note of correction and reprimand in MiyBehnett's own handwriting, if there' is ah error or a " puff " disclosed to Ida searching eye. A, typographical error of the smallest kind; or a misplaced or badly" "set up", advertisement will call forth a similar rebuke, which.inay come all the way .from Trouville or.St. Petersburgh ; wherever-Mr. Bennett may be, the chances ■ are ten to one that he will see. it. Everybody in the office who is familiar with its inner ways knows this, and tlie consequence is that every one of'his representatives is infused with his own vigor, watchfulness, and attention to detail. . There is.not one dollar spent in a year on that great paper that Mr. Bennett does not know about. Once or twice a year he regularly goes over the salary list, inquiring as to the merits of each einploye with reference to promotion or increase. If anything irregular in any branch of.the businessoccurs he is at once notified. His capacity for work is marvellous. " He can lay out more work in an hour," said one of his oldeBt. employes once to me, "tlian you or I oan^ do in a week." It is really a sight to lepk at his working desk in his beautiful Paris residence, covered with Heralds, strewn with cablegrams, despatches, letters, articles, &c.; In the Herald office, when he is in New "STork, he will 6ee and " despatch " about fifty persons in a couple of honre. The moment, it. is known that Mr. Bennett has returnied to New .York, the office is thronged with appli cants for all torts of favors, and. the rapidity with which. lie sees them all and gets rid of the great seige is something astonishing. Nobody in the office can tell when Mr. Bennett may not" bob up serenely." There are a number of different entrances to his sanctum. Nobody ever knows by what door he. lias entered, and often when the editor in change or his business representative is watch ing to see him pass into the building, his electric bell sharply sounds and summons him to Mr. Bennett's presence. Sometimes when he has been supposed to be far away from the city he lias turned up at midnight and worked all night, superintending matters in thpi composing and press room, overhauling every little arrangement in the building, and going home at six o'clock. in the morning. Tim delightful uncertainty "as to his move ments keeps everybody on the alert; no matter if he has not chosen to come down to the office for days, there is no telling at what ungodly hour he may rise up, like a ghost, before the amazed vision of the city or night editor, or of the foreman of the composing, the stereotyping, or press room. When old Mr. Bennett died, the decline of the Herald was predicted by some of the' newspapers. The facts are that the average circulation which under his father rnever" ex ceeded 50,00 copies, except during exciting periods of the war, now averages 125,000 per day, and the advertising has been quadrupled. No doubt Mr. Bennett's father gave ihepaper a grand start, but still he left it to liis son with a reputation and circulation largelj local. The great European—indeed, world - -wide—prestige of the Herald of today the paper owes solely to the son. There is not a corner of the universe in which the Herald Jdot not be found. Mr. Bennett's liberality —that decided streak of generosity which lie is said to have inherited from his mother—has been a far-sighted policy for the success of the paper. The Jeant<ette expedition, which has cost him 300,000 dollars; the Stanley expedition for Livingstone, which came to 350,000 dollars; the 100,000 dollars spent on the Telief of Ireland—and all those *ast expenditures which he decided upon with that quick impulse of mingled liberality and shrewd policy which is a kind of instinct and inspi ration with him—have been afnply repaid in the extended eclat and renown which they ! have won for the Herald. \ Ten millions in cash were offered to Mr. Bennett for the Herald long ago, but I do not "believe that Vanderhilt and Gould together have money enough to buy it.. What the profits of the paper are may be easily inferred from the fact that Mr. Bennett has made the circulation pay for all the expenses and leave a profit besides, and that the advertising amount? to over 1,000,000 dollars per annum. I/ast Sunday's Herald was the most profitable I ever issued in its history, with its circulation ; of 130,000 and 114 columns of advertising, i amounting to about 15,000 dollars. A great deal of bosh has been said about the servant girls making the Herald pay. I counted up the servant girl advertisements in last Sun day s Herald, and found precisely 155, which I at 15 cents apiece would giTe just 23 dollars ! 25 cents as tile servant, girls' contribution to Mr. Bennett's treasury out of 15,000 dollars. There was a time when both circulation and advertising were perceptibly benefited by this class of advertisements, but now they are simply "a, drop in the bucket." Occasionnllr a fling is made at the "personals." The people who read these attacks should see tlie "Herald $ huge hook of rejected advertisements (the " Reject Book," as it is called), in which every advertisement thrown out for possible impropriety of moiire or expression is care fully preserved. Hie Herald refunds about 10,000 dollars a year to advertisers whose " favors ' have been r jected. The inferior of the tip-town branch office is perfectly plastered over with such posted notices and orders ns these;—"Don't take any advertise ments from Mrs. . Bv order of James Gordon Bennett." Or, "Exclude all ads. from Dr.^ . By order of James Gordon Bennett." The complaints and growls of these advertisers, who object & have their money returned to them, are one of the greatest annoyances of the business depart ment. Ihe important principle underlying the cheap daily press (as exemplified, for instance, in the growth of the Sun) was fully realised by Mr. Bennett's keen observation the moment he took the helm. For three years he bad debated in his own mind the advisability of reducing the price of the paper from four to three cents. Immense caution and secretive •ness of deliberation on the one hand, and great rapidity, even suddenness of action, when his mind is once made up, on the other, are strong p jints of Mr.- Bennett's character, and • when the change was suddenly sprung upon the publi<v nearly everybody declared that the tigroid would he. "ruined." The highest circulation was then 83,000; within thirty days it had. risen to 100,000, and has never, on a single day of issue, fallen back to 100jO00 since. Within two weeks the loss of profit was made up, and the change has proved a most wise and profitable one. .It is safe to say that even if the average daily issue should become a quadruple sheet the price will not be raised again. Mr. Bennett now spends 500,000 dollars per annum on news and 700,000 dollars on white paper. ' There is a personal trait of Mr. Bennett which deserves mention, for never has a public man been more generally misunderstood. He has had a bind heart, end, being an excellent judge of men, is also a just and'generous employer. Some of the people in the Herald office have been there thirty or forty years, very many indeed fifteen and twenty years. To he faithful, honest, and competent is all that is required to ensure one who has entered the HeraftTs service a position for life. Several of the old-editors who become too feeble for active duty have been very .handsomely pensioned off," and' all they have to do now is to ieporfc ion every pay day at the cashier's desk io receive their liberal weekly salaries, which Mr. Bennett has allowed them. It would be. impossible, within the limits ol a letter like this, to tell all that Mr. Bennett has doue for. the l^erald. The tterald • lo-day is the. only enterprise in rthe world, public or private, not excepting the Associated Press, Lloyd's, or Beuter's European News Agency, which keeps .its own steam yacht for getting 6liip news, feature which costs Mr. Bennett- 25,000 dollars per annam. It was Mr. Bennett's first introduction of special fast newspaper trains which has led to tbe present improved mail service, bringing Chicago one day nearer New York', and vine versa. What the paper has accomplished for the science of meteorology, find the daily universal know ledge of weather probabilities and storm warnings, is well known. A distinguished scientist has been for years specially engaged for telegraphing editorials on this particular subject from another city of which he is- a resident, simply because Mr. Bennett regards him as the most competent authority in the country, and always wants to give the Herald's readers, regardless of cost, the benefit of the best available means of information, and none of them probably ever dream that these editorial articles are sent by wire. As one of his veterans to!d ine, " The whole establish ment is filled wit h his indomitable will, his energy, his enterprise, and his genius. He is the very soul of the Herald" The paper has a great future before it. 