ENGLISH & FOREIGN OUR: LONDON LETTER. ; j " [rnoit ouR owir coeeesppsdeht.] T.ond ^ January 5." > 11HB, death . of Icon Gambelta, the .firm, • opponent ' of' the' Empire, > the', Director of ' National Defence' in 1870-l,and tho hope of moderate ItepublicanB in France, lias caused a 1 "profound sensation throughout ttie" Continent". Pnncd 'Bismtircti and his organs'jambng/the ' .German' Press' affcctregret at' M.' Gatnbetia's ' untiuiely end, because, as they say, he was a ' guarantee tliat the Bepublic ,would endure, and therefore offer.larger chances of peace than if tno'Monarchists were bidding for power with a "war cry,' Trohably Prince Bismarck's tears,are like those'of 'an al igator, and we well , know" ' tlmt:he hits always regarded Gainbetta as the future leader/of a campaign of rtvancTie. .! That is not rto be in so far as the great' Oppo sitionist chief is ' concerned. The post mortem £ 'examination proved that the wound received by a! pistol shot six weeks ago had nothing; to 'do with his, death, which was caused by'an ' internal complaint of long standing. It was a fact' that Gambetta knew for some months past that the delicate state of hisliealthmadeitneces- . ;sa'ry for him to withdraw from public affairs. M. GambettaV death occurred within a few hours' of the suicide of Count Felix Wimpffen, tlie Austrian Ambassador at Peris. His end was ciuscd by mental derangement, brought about by some trifling matters. Here, at home, we have to deplore the death of two peers—the Earl of "Wemyss and March, and the Earl of Stamford and "Warrington. 11 he former, who .'died at an"advanced age, is succeeded in the -title1 by Lord Elcho, and a vacancy, is tbus caused in the representation of Haddington- ' abire;' Lord Stamford was better known as a patrbnof the turf than in the world ol politics. The obituary also includes the names of General 8ir (Jeorge Brooks, K C.B., Sir Henry Meux, Bart.', the chief partner in the great brewing firm ;*■ ho had been insane for many years* Major-General Sir George Hall Macgregor, K.O B., of the Boytl (late Bengal) Artillery. ;What has been a miserable, uncanny sort of' Christmas has now happily come to an end, and people are beginning . to get back to the normal state of things in which we do not have three Sabbaths in a week— Sunday, Christmas Day, and bank holiday. I am glad that it is'ail over, for the drunkenness was very great and very disgusting. It is the pleasing habit of largo sections of tlio working classes here to begin and get, drunk on; Saturday afternoon as soon as they receive their wages. This being a re gular babit, they are able to get: over the effects on the Sunday; but Sunday, Mon day, and Tuesday and nothing to do but drink, on [Wednesday they are hardly in a fit state to resume work, and so they keep it np to the end' , of tlie week. Under the circumstances, Die poor wives have a sad time of it to provide a " scanty meal for the next Sunday. The pawn-' ' broker generally lias to find the wherewith at a charge on flat-irons and such like things of 20 or 25 per cent. Mr. Whithworth, M.P., will, it is stated, bring to the notice of the Foreign Office the, statement of the Malagasy envoys respecting the! desire of their Government that the British Government and other European Powers should; unite with the authorities of Madagascar in concerting measures for suppressing the liquor traffic in the island. Mr. Trevelyan, who i3 at present visiting some of the districts in Ireland, in accordance . with the announcement made before Christmas, in ;tbis correspondence was taunted with cowardice and worie by the Freeman's Journal, fori preferring the ease of his guarded house ! and office to running the ri«k of going among the- people to inquire for himself the extout of.', thojdistress from which they are suffering! An anient1e from the Sheriff's organ is no w in order, . and would be we'eomed by those who know the,!.', "right h'on. gentleman's broad liberality of mind, kindly heart, ancltlie' deadly peril wilh which.! he will be surrounded in some portions of .the/, distressed districts.,!' ■' , [ '..!.' — Tho disappointment S3 keenly expressed in ! Badicid. circles at the probable postponement ; ; of a re-distribution of seats to another Parlia ment/is unfounded." There',13* good reason to believe .that ..tlio! ' bill will be, introduced at an ■ early date! " Mr. Gladstone has so stated. re-, , pbatedly, ih emyersation to "his friends, and nothing, was said in Sir'Charles'.Bilko's.speeeh really justifying" a different impression. .7 ■ !' : It is gratifying' to find out that outidof,,tha!' £1(30,000 ' or * so annually devoted ; to civio dinners' nr'd .entertsinments,'. and 'charged' to. funds bequeathed for tho poor, the, munificent *.! sum of £500 has this season. been distributed to the poverty-stricken widows of freemen, at ' thcigencroiis rate of 5s. per head, there being ! some"'two' thousand, of, them.;!How" gratefju ,; these'jvido'ws ought'fo(feel.: ' ■! !'.! i t. Some peoplo Vill 'perhaps be" surprised'to'.7. hoar that Mrs. Beeche'rStowe ii 'stiU alive.-."It ;' ' seems intlib very'dim past" that" Uncle Tom's 7,7 Cabin '.biulV.and': the 'author suddenly'.: leapt', into ' fame1 in , two hemispheres. Mrs. StowbisVlnweycr,'''nbt'6nlr yet alive, biit.judg-1,, ! log from a .letter reoeive^ by iVn old friend fii'.v Loudon, sbo,Tilm jSIr; Gladstone, is in excellent , spirits.' She''has just been celebrating .her. ", birthdayijor rather having it'eelobrafed for,iter,'.! by crowd's of'friohds. It whs lier'seventieth • birthday, and she writes that "it is the first '" timo it was ever celebrated." It appears not to have been the habit of the" Beechor family to keep birthdays, and there is indeed some doubt as to whether the festival held the other week in Florida came about on the right day. Mrs. Stowe lias now."taken to something more agreeable and even more profitable than writing books.; She prows oranges, having purchased * a little estate in Florida. Three hundred a vear she makes by the sale of oranges, which, as she says, is a very nice royalty. Mr. Gladstone was once heard to say, apropos of a " Life and Letters " just published, that he never saw such a book announced without a creeping of the ilesb. For fifty years he has lived in the company more or less intimate of the mo3t notable men of tho day. These, constantly interchanging letters or writing their memoirs, are sure to say something about Mr. Gladstone. It is easy to understand with what apprehension he would take up such a book as the " life of Bishop Wilberforce," just now in everybody's hands. "What ghosts of his former self might come up in the sli&po; of remarks made by him long ago, and trea sured up by the pen of his companion. What new lights he might gain of the true feeling towards himself of the dead friend, and what irretrievable damage might be done to bim by some indiscretion. There are many indiscre tions in the third volume of the " Life of Bishop Wilberforce," at which everybody pro fesses to be shocked, and yet which everybody wads. Mr. Gladstone does not suffer anything at the hands of the shrewd observer and ex \- ceedingly free analyst. Tho Bishop writes in his diary on defeat of University (TrislO Bill: " Gladstone. Much talking—how little really good any Premier had done after sixty—Peel, Palmerston—all his work really done before, Duke of Wellington adding nothing to his re putation afterwards." The reduction of the " Cornhill Magazine" to sixpence has been deferred, and the new year will be run through at the old price, but the belief in the minds of s*me publishers that the monthly magazine of the future must sell for |sixpence is not, disturbed. The simple fact is, that the English monthlies are beaten out of the field by the American competitors who have recently entered it. With " Har per's," and the "Century" lavishly illustrated, and claiming the contributions of the best writers, our magazines bare no chance How " Harper's" manage to give so much for a skill!og is explicable only by reference to their sale. In America " Harper's" sell 128,000 a month, the price being three pence higher than in England. Here the sale is 20,000, and is steadily going up. With such sales the pro prietors may well manage to engage the best artiste of the day, and to pay for literature double the rate current with other serials, in cluding the "Nineteenth Century." January 11. The second Midlothian campaign has been abandoned, owing to Mr. Gladstone's illness. The case is in no way serious, but the Premier has been enjoined rest by his medical advisers Dr Andrew Clark would be glad to get his distinguished patient away beyond the reach of Downing-etreet messengers, to some quiet nook on the Biviera; but this is not likely to come to pass. We shall see another change when the House meets. Dr. Lyon Playfair, who was a failure as Chairman of Committees and extremely un popular besides, is about to resign- It is said 1 do not know with what truth, that he will be succeeded by Sir Arthur J. Otway, the member for Bochester. The funeral of the Earl of Stamford and Warrington took place at Enville, Stafford shire, on Monday. His successor, in the former title, Mr. Hepry Grey, who is said to be resident in South Africa, will come in for a settlement of £8,000 which will ultimately be increased to nearly £40,000. The earldom of Warrington lapses, and it is a curious fact that three weeks since, during Divine service at Dunham Massey Church the' escutcheon fell from the monument to the late Earl of War rington and was dashed to pieces. The other deaths to be noted, whilst I am on the subject, areSir Samuel Martin, an ex-Baron of tbe Exchequer, who was considered in his time a very strong judge; Mr. James White, for some time member for Plymouth and Brighton, engaged in the trade with China; and the Bev. Sir Frederick Vincent, the 11th baronet. L&on; Gambetta's fuoe al on Saturday was a grand one. Belleville, however, would have nothing to do with it, uofergetful of its last meeting face to face wi»h its former idol, when it essayed to roar down the great orator, as though he were Paul de Cessagnac, and he. giving the table & tremendous blow, turned upon tbcm with savage front, calling them u drunken helots," and even worse things than that. Lyons also was silent, having no sym pathy with a men who, when in power, did not carry into practice true Republican principles by, shooting, imprisoning, or exiling every one wbo differed from him on points of conviction. Beyond this and similar exceptions, all France is in mourning, though when M. Gnichard, the doyen of the Chamber of Deputies, rose on Tuesday to say some words of sympathy, in the course of which he de clared that the Bepublic bad sustained a . " terrible loss," tbere were shouts of disap probation from many benches—a tumult, in fact. There is no doubt that Gimbetta, with all the beat of his southern blood, had devoted himself to that policy of rerenge which, more or less, burns in every Frenchman's heart. It is said, therefore, that his death is a guarantee of peace. This is by no means certain. Gam betta followed W. de Vilele's idea— lout nient a point o qui salt aliendre. He knew how to wait. He would not have drawn the sword Against Germany until he was certain of making a good fight. No shouting of the multitude would have dragged him prematurely into war B8 it did the luckless Emperor. General Chanzy has followed Gambetta to tbe grave. He was, perhaps, the only brilliant soldier pro duced in France during the war of 1870-1, and with raw levies made a wonderful defence on the Loire. He, alio, has been honoured by a k Ufce funeral I Tho owners of the Kirby Hall have lodgod a claim of £6,000 for damage done to their vessel, while tho Inman Oo. claim £160,000 for ! the loss of the City.of Brussels, leaving out of consideration all claims for cargo lost, and those which may be lodged by the families of those whose lives wero lost in the steamer. Ship's Corporal Haddon, who was the prin cipal witness in the Clyde court marlial scandal, and who was disrated to able seaman by Com- j xnander Heron (who was dismissed the service j by the recent court martial) for protesting | against the pilfering of Government stores from the ship, has been promoted by tho Admiralty to the rank of Master-at Arms, as a mark of their lordships' approval of his conduct. Mr. Cczwell, the veteran aeronaut, writes to I call attention to the desirability of pushing I ahead with balloon-signalling experiments for ! military purposes in tbe slack season before the j Horse Guards finds itself too immersed in war preparations once more to attend to the most ordinary requirements Mr. Coxwell insists on the necessity of ample preparations, tho best materials, and skilled workmanship for the balloons. Given these conditions, signalling can be safely and rapidly carried out. It is satisfactory to see that Professor Hux ley's lectures to working men on biology ore beiDg largely attended by the chss for which they are intended. Tho audience which filled the theatre at the Jarmyn-strcet Museum on Monday night, to learn from the eminent lecturer something of tbe structure, habits, and history of the cockle, was highly representative of the toiling million. The majority was com posed of young men, apparently of the mechanic class, with occasionally a coat which gave evi dence of rougher work, and here and there a grey heard from a higher sphere. Everyone knows the great faculty Mr. Hux'ey possesses of investing an apparently insignificant and dry subject with interest, and it was pleasant to note the close and intelligent attention with which tbe professor's hearers followed him through the mazes of the cockle's interior. London has always some picture craze on hand, and this new year Piccadilly is blocked by strings of carriages making their way to the winter exhibition of tbe Boyal Academy. The temptation is three-fold—a sprinkling of the inexhaustible old masters, & fine collection of Linnells, and last, but not least, tbe long-pro mised display of pictures by Dante Gabriel Bossetti. The novelty and the chief attraction is Bossetti. It was this artist's peeuliarity that he shut himself up not only from the crowd but almost from all friends, and became an artistic and poetic anchorite, " the world for getting, by the world forgot" He never ex hibited, and he scorned the Boyal Academy walls, perhaps from a consciousness that his productions would be caviare to tbe multitude. Those who desired to buy his pictures had to seek for them, and the purchasers often be longed to h:s immediate circle of admirers. At tbe death of Bossetti 8ir Frederick Leigbton volunteered to open tbe Academy doors, and to make the unknown known. The collection, however, is highly imperfect, and out of 395 works only eighty have found their way to Burlington House. Already there is a talk of a supp ementary exhibition to be held at the Burlington Club. Taken as a whole, the pictures are not in the least adapted to charm the crowd. 