LAUNCESTON EXAMINER. PUBLISHiED DAILY. MONDAY, OCTOBER 20. Tns session of Parliament which was opened on' the 24th July has now prac. tically terminated, and while hen mem bers may experience a feeling of relief at their release it is questionable whether on reviewing thie proceedings of the last three months they can feel altogether satisfied with the manner in which the business of the country has been con ducted. The session has been remark able for the importance of many of the questions :submitted for decision, and we might add for the style in which they have been dealt with. Despite the oft repeated promise of Ministers the Coun cil were not properly provided with work at the outset, and :as a natural con sequence weore rushed with bills and resolutions towards the close, and the decision to hold a new session after a brief prorogation led to such a hurried scramble during the last two or three weeks of the session to clear off the numerous items on the notice paper as has rarely been witnessed before. Both Houses seemed to be tired of "the game of Parliament," and the mutual politeness macifested during the past fortnight would be extremely edifying if its practical result were not so eminently unsatisfactory. Important measures have been hurried through almost every stage in a singlo sitting, without discussion or due consideration, and quite a happy system of "give and take" established owards the close. The Council reoon sidered their rejection of the duties on ten and sugar, and compromised the wa matter by reducing the duty on tea only, OD and they were permitted without a D murmur to kick out the bill unanimously mui agreed to in the Aesembly- abolishin g bra the restrictions on the sale of imported mt meat in Hobart and Launceston, which M would only have given those towns a ge privilege enjoyed by the whole of the set colony except the area comprised in their tic boundaries and a mile outside these charmed limits. In rejecting this mea- on sure of bare justice to a large -section of he the community, the Council did not in- a dulge in any claptrap about acting in the .o interests of the struggling farmer, but t when we find some of its opponents mak ing loud professions of regret that a bill to W abolish the duty on the importation of to sheep and cattle had not been submitted ra to them, as it would have had their sup port-well, we do not derive much con dc solation, and would like to see the sin- at cority of those ronu. members tested as promptly as possible by the introduction w: of the bill desired. At present the posi- to tion stands thus :-The Assembly has ro- O fused to.abolish the tax on live moat, the ot Council has declined to permit the import- of tion of dead meat, but as a compromise be and salve to the sufferers thereby there is 0 to be a reduction of 3d per pound on tea, if which, as Mr. Ohapman showed, wil a effect, in an average family of five, a to saving of the enormous sum of twopeoe i half-penny per week, or say half a " sovereign per annum. Hurrah, then, for ir cheap tea and dear moat ! Our legislators si evidoently hold with Benjamin Franklin al that "take care of the ponce and the 1 pounds will take care of themselves," but between the Assembly on the one hand, p. and the Council on the other, the unfor- a tunate consumers of meat, who constitute t( an overwhelming proportion of the comt- 0 munity, must continue to pay high prices a for their'meat and look as pleasant as they tl can I 0 On Thursday a clean sweep was made of a donsiderable portion of the notice paper, k motions being withdrawn or allowed to fi lapse, the Woman's Franchise Bill un gallantly consigned to the waste paper basket, and the Bank Returns Amend eont Bill summarily condemned, and un- t1 ceremoniously kicked out, while the s evening's work terminated with something d strongly Iresombling a farce. Our par- i, liamentary report states that " the bill re- a gulatiug the employment of women and c children in factories was considered in committro.and very favourably received. h After passing the first three sections tle a Premier moved that progress be reported, d stating he did not anticipate such unani monus approval of the bill, but it could be improved during the recess." The infer- t ence is- irresistible-that the bill was only I introduced by Binisters as a bid for cheap t popularity in some quarter or other; that they might have the credit of bringing it f 1 forward, and the Opposition or somebody I olse the odium of rejecting it. This style I of doing business reminds one of the S"sundowners," who go tramping about a the country looking for work and praying I t they may never be forced to accept it- t This,lsowever,is only another instance of the strangestyle Ministers have manifested I during the last two sessions of doing busi ness, and which has given rise to doubts I whether they are sincere even in 1 the measures they seem to evince \- most earnestness for the time being. I 1 If serious opposition is manifested to any 1 measure or line of policy, it is trimmed and shaped to suit as many as possible, and Ministers are not ashamed i r to veer completely round when necessary, I and calmly adopt their opponents' mea 4 sures as their own, their principle appa rently being that the main point is not to submit what they consider besat for the country, but what is best calculated to a secure a majority of the votes of the e Assembly. When they found their financial proposals did not go far enough, and that the House desired further remis sions of taxation, they coolly appropriated d the very proposals made by the Opposition. When the Derwent Railway Valley Bill was objected to, a third of the line was lopped off by Ministers to prevent the Opposition from doing so. The important Crown Lands Bill was d withdrawn, as it appeared likely r to provoke sharp criticism, and when the Council declined to accede to a remonstrance against their alterations of the Immigration, Drawbacks, and Rura \- Municipalities Bills, these were quietly laid aside. In their railway policy, too, there has been the same hesitation and , change, of front. After selecting three a lines only from the routes of which surveys had been made, and "sitting on " hon. members who wanted more lines selected, and provisions made for surveys of new d routes, Ministers, rather than allow hon. members to "make a fuss," introduced votes for surveys of freshl lines, and at the fag end of the session brought in a bill for construction of a a fourth railway, on a different basis to any = lines in existence in the colony or prb posed to be constructed, and rejecting a suggestion to defer it for consideration _ with the other three railway bills, hur as riod the Oatlands bill. through both H. ouses, thius making the first instalment . of their railway policy a line they had at previously declared that after due con or sideration they believed thiere was no st hurry for, and introducing a now feature or in railsay construction that should ehave had serious deliberation, and if n- adopted have formed a portion only of a I- definite scheme of light ramlway extension. to We cannot compliment Ministers upon id the position they htave occupied during oy the present session, but we think they t have acted wisely-though this change of Sfront is only due to finding that their t first decision gave dissatisfaction-in \- deferring the now session to the 14th ad December. This will allow time for te hen. members mnd the publio gen. a erally to seview at loisure the hurried ed proceedings of tile past few weeks, and o come to sonme dolefinite decision as to what 1 course shall be adopted in reference to the railway proposals and other busi er ness that is certain to be brought forward, e. If only for discussin and ventilation, in to the now ecasion of PaLliamcnt. al - at EAaRTtQUAKtc StooK.-After a lapse if ore of some lnays another earthquake shock was cxierienced on Saturday night ly shortly after 11 o'clock. The shock was vs of thie usual iundulating kind, and lasted go some 12 secconde. r SPOrTS AT LONOFORD.--A meeting of persons interested in hIolding athletic Py sports at Longford, at Christmas, will be ed held at 7-30 this evening at the Blonheimn n- Iotoll, Longford. T?ELEOAPnilOc.-The following moelo was posted up at the local telegraphic stn olice on Saturday, received from Port sta Darwin :-"Repairing steamer Agnes Mi while at work on the old cable about 100 wi milos east of Banjoewangio fouled and pa broke the casting cable. On Monday last a met with great difficulty on account of gin adverso weather, but one line is through. cik Must return to port to coal and replace gear last and carried away. Hope to put At second line through on return to posi- Sa tion." iII AcoIosNr.-A lad named Lewis Harris, of residing near Distillery Crook, was kicked tit on the head on Saturday morning by a O' horan he was trying to catch, sustaining afi a nasty wound about three inches long over the right eyebrow. Dr. Crowther of was sent for and dressed the injury, and 01 the patient is progressing favourably. St MoANDEn ELECTORATE.-Tho hlien. F. th W. Grubb, MLL.C., will deliveran address th to his constituents in the Town Hall, Dolo-. ws raine, tliis morning, at half-past ten oc o'clock. th Merssla LUovGAO .-Soneo correspon- wi dence has passed between the Tasmanian St and Victorian police (remarks the Arguis) oh with reference to a box, the property of a Ia passengoi by the e.s. Orient, named Smith, which was lost on the railway line beo- st tween Hobart and Loauticoston recently. th On Sunday, the 14th inst., a peculiar kind vy of boat was stranded on the South Beach, th Williamstown, and amongst the owner's bi effects was a box on which is said to have pi been printed, "Smith, passenger s.s. bi Orioent." The local police are now inquir- £ ing whether the circumstance is more than a inere coincidence. ne TRINITY COUICIIc. -Collections were M taken up yesterday in Trinity Church in B aid of the General Church Fund. In the A morning they amounted to £14 4s 2d, and ol in the evening £7 5s. et UNITEn FRIENDLY SOCIETIn S DeMON- hi STnATION.-The committee of the above, ti at a meeting hold on Friday evening, 1t decided to hold the next annual demon- n stration on New Year's Day, 1884, onl n the Launceston Cricket Ground. The nI programme will be issued in a few days, w and the prize list has been increased, the I total amount offered in prizes, exclusive E of trophies, being close on £150. d ENTaTrAINAnENTs.-Professor Tregaskis o gave a matinee exhibition of conjuring in u the Oddfollows' Hall, on Saturday. The n entertainment was well attended. A y feature of the entertainment was that a every child received a present of some I kind. The afternoon passed off success- 8 fully. SALvaTIoNISTS.-This band held a ser vice on the Market Green yesterday after noon, when the proceedings were fairly orderly. In the evening they marched i through the street and hold their usual t service in the Mechanics' Institute. I LAUNCESTON POLICE COUNT. - On Satur- t day, Thomas Simpson was fined 6s for hav- c ing been drunk and incapable. The chargo i against Annie Rounds for larceny was con cluded, and the prisoner'sentenced to one I month's imprisonment. James Howson 1 was charged with the larceny of salted hides from his employers, Messrs. Turner and Walker, and remanded until to day. THE REV. JULIAN E. TsaNISon WOODS. -The Besndigo Independelnt of Oct. 25 states :--Fears are entertained respecting the safety of the Rev. Julian E. Tennison I Woods, who, it appears, left'Sydnoy some I time ago en routs for Singapore. It ap. i pears that Mr. Woods disembarked at Java, and it is believed by several of his I friends that he was destroyed during the late volcanui eruption, whilst he was on gaged in scientific observations. Tile misgivings of some of Mr. Woods's friends I are strengthened by the circumstances that they have not heard from him since he left Sydney, whereas he would cer tainly have written, if possible, either from Java or Singapore. TrE IMMIGRANTS. - Forty-six immi grants per the s.e. Cape Clear, which ar- I rived at Hobart on Friday, arrived at Launceston by the express on Saturday. Thirty more were sent as far as Evandale i Junction, where they were transhipped to I tihe Western line, en route for Emu Bay, having been engaged by the Van Diomen's Land Company, to work on their railway, now in course of construction be-. tween Emu Bay and Mount Bischoff. Those who arrived hero seem a fair lot, and all seem sanguine of suc ceeding in their new home. Of the 1 40, 15 are nominated emigrants, and the I remainder assisted. Owing to the heavy I load and the transhipmont of passengers at Evandale Junction, the express train was delayed over an hour, arriving about I 3 p.m., which consequently delayed the I departure of the return express until just I on 4 p.m. Those immigrants who are not already engaged may-be seen for engage.o moent at Bishop's Temperance Hotel, WYharf, between 1930 and 11'30 a.m., and 2'30 and 430, p.m. Another batch will be forwarded from Hobart as soon as there is room for their accommodation i here. REcEVEDn.-The Illustrated Sydney News, for October, to hand is one of the best nunmbers we have seen, in fact the styloin which the engravings are executed, and the quality and arrangement of the literary matter, are not excelled by any illustrated newspaper in the colonies, or oven in the mother country itself. The front page gives a portrait of Mrs. Hamp son, and the presentation of an address to the lady evangelist. "Caught in the Act " is very lifeo-like and tells its own story. Some spirited sketches of scenes in the'life of a New South Wales trooper follow. The engravings of the Prince Alfred Hospital, Miesoudon-road, Sydney, and its internalarrangements,which appear to be most complete in their character, might he studied by our hospital authori ties with advantage. A portrait of Sir Alfred Roberts, whoso name is closely identified with the success of the hospital, is also given. " Helxham Swamps" and "Lane Cove River" are two chlaracteristic pIieces of colonial scenery, admirably treated by thie artist and engraver. Pic tures of thie Eight Houra' Demonstration, views of public buildings, together with a double-page supplement, in which a fight between an "old man" kangaroo and some dogs is admirably depicted, make up San excellent number. We have to ac knowledge receipt from thilohon. secretary of the Midland Agricultural Association, Mr. Chaln. Archer, of a copy of the com Splete catalogue of exhibits awarded at the I lnstannual exhibition of the Society, held Sat Campbell Town, on 12th September. Tnoe ABO GUIDE.n-Donnelly's handy little " ABC Time-table and Pocket Guido" for November is issued with the I usual punctuality. SA Boous GnosT.--It is stated that Ssome idiot has been garbing himself in white and playing the ghost on Saturday night, a little girl wbom She startled near Tulloch's Buildings being rendered speechless for some time from the effects of tle fright. A sound thrashing or a night in the lock-up would be the best method of curing this ghost of such senseless prar.ks. DEATuii OF A VIoronIAN CRICKETER. TiThe Melbourne papers announce tihe r death, after a long and painful illness, of Mr. George Coulthard, a well-known 1 cricketer, and a leading member of the Carlton Football Club. A venR DETERMINED SoUICIDE WaS com t mitted at Donnington, near Warrnam o bool, Victoria, by a carpenter named \- Daniel Graham. He heaped up a quan I, tity of boxes and furniture in his house, n set fire to them, and then swallowed tihe contents of a bottle of spirits of snhle. The act was induced by excessive drink 0 ing. SBAnnRMAID. - The advisableness of t Ibringing in a bill to provent the employ ment of young girls at bars of puolic ' houses has been uirged on tie attention of tihe Premier in the Victorian Logisla f tive Assembly. BMr.Sorvico has aunouus ed Sthat any recommnendation to that effect s which might be made by the Shops Com. n mission would receive the hearty support of the Cabinet. TAIMAINANS AlltRAD.--Wo regret to r state that a private letterroceived in town states Mr. James Pollard, eldest son of Mr. J. J. Pollard, and who was travelling with the Pollard Liliputish Opera Com pany in India, has died from the effects of a gun shot wound, but no details are given as to whether the injuries were ac cidentally received or otherwise. FocrINOa a DEAD~ MAN' SIGNATURE.- w At the Court of Assizo, recently hold at ar Sandhurst, two men, named Joseph Soy mour and John Proctor, were convicted of forging and uttering a cheque, purport. re ting to bhe signed by the lato Sir John to O'Slannassy.. The cheque was dated long w after Sir Johi's death. AnscoNI,INO SwIne' PRotMoroT s.-Someo of the victims of the Sporo Totalisator S; Olub, says the Argus, consulted Mr. F. F Stophonon Tuesday with Ia view of having t, the oflbndor arrested. His opinion was that nothing could be done. It was after wards pointed out to him that on one occasion two gentlemen made a wager in the room, and the money, £4, was staked nr with "Spore," and on this case Mr. Stephen advised that an information should be sworn charging "Sparo" with larceny as a bailee. A CURIoue CAso.-A Sydney telegram it states that a curious case will come on at tt the Water Police Court next week. A sor vant in the Windsor Cast leo hotel is suing the landlord for recklessly throwing car- ti bolic acid over a closet seat open to the F public. The servant has been frightfully g, burnt, and is now laid up, She claims £10 damages. PRESENTATION TO MR. BENT.-A pro sentation was made to Mr. T. Bent, O M.L. A., at the Council Chambers, at Brighton, on Tuesday evening, states the tl Argdo, in the presence of a large number of the residents. The amount raised by P subscription was £200, and this sum was a handed to Mr. Bent, with the request that lie would purchase some souvenir. Mr. Bent left by the mail for Calcutta next day. The Mayor, Mr. A. Walstab, made the presentation. Mr. Bent, in re sponding, said he acknowledged the good- a will and kindness which the people of Brighton had always shown towards him. He was compelled, owing to his late acci dent, to take the trip he had now decided I on. Sir Bryan O'Loghlon, on being called g upon, said that he had been closely con nected with Mr. Bent for the past two years, and a more trustworthy, honest, and energetic member he did not know. c He proposed a vote of thanks to the i Mayor. The members of the Borough D Council afterwards entertained Mr. Bent at Enery's Terminus Hotel. Cne?icsoa, Becn.-The practice of em ployingchomicals to take the place of hops i in brewing is said (according to the Argus) to be spreading in Melbourne as it is in England. Mr. Dow produced a " private trade list" of the drugs in the Assembly g on Tuesday, and said that the hop-grow- c ing industry is likely to be injured by the t practice. Mr. Berry replied that the law forbidding the use of deleterious drugs in brewing is very stringent. If its pro visions are found to he insufficient they will be added to, but Mr. Borry believes that the best check upon the consumption of drugs is a plentiful supply of hops at a reasonable price. New GUINEA CUsToos.-The special i correspondent of the Argus in Now I Guinea describes some strange customs I as prevalent there. He says :--" When a person dies the body is placed on a species of screen over a trough as long as I the corpse. It is kept thus until swollen I almost to bursting, when an incision is made into it, and the juices expressed into the trough. All the relatives and I friends have by this time arrived, and a great feed ensuesca. The children are led up to the body one at a time, and their faces and foreheads daubed with the hor rible liquid in the trough. This alone is sufficient to propagate disease, and deci mate a tribe. Imagine a small-pox case and the consequences. The body is then I placed on a screen,and ex posed to the sun until perfectly dried, when it is wrapped in aromatic leaves, and slung in a not hammock across one corner of the only room the house contains. It does not re Ssenmble a human form, but merely an elongated parcel. And these people occupy this same room quite un concernedly, although that fearful-If-is stretched there almost within reach." Pigs seem to be great favourites among the women. "The women like them to follow them about from village to village, as they know that their gardens are safe during their absence. They will actually suckle young pigs sooner than allow them to die, and it is not an uncommon sight to see a woman carrying a good-sized hog in her net-bag when going to the garden. In consequence, pigs may be soon run ning after the women, squeaking to be taken up-a most ludicrous sight." Pros AND SNAKEs.-The Melbourne 1 Daily Telegraph in noting some additions to the Zoological Gardens, Melbourne, I says:- Intlihoecaseof venomoussnakes, the directors have placed a fine specimen of the famed rattlesnake (crotalus horridus). s With its glistening, fascinating eyes, its s3 trongly marked but sombre colours, its ,sinuous, nervous form, it cannot but at e tract attention. This snake is so called from a peculiar formation of the scales at the extremity of the tail, which are so placed that, upon overy movement, they omit a strange sound- an intimation to a warning and of caution. Every time the a snake changes its skin, an addition of made to these vibrating scales. Although 3 not much addicted to climbing trees, the r rattlesnake, abundantly found in Norih America, is particularly fond of birds and insects as articles of food. One of its r chief enemies, strange to say, is the pig, and in connection with the reptile, the quadruped develops unexpected traits of Scourage and sagacity. With a pecular in e sight into nature's system, the pig has found out that the snake, as a rule, d can but inflict but two wounds with its poison-laden fangs, and further, that if y these wounds are received in any muscu lar or fatty portions of the body the Sdanger is minimised, while if received in a a vein, the consequences might be fatal. 1 Accordiugly the pig, who wages a con d tinual and generally successful war with p the snake, which it likes as food, in its :- attack oilffers one cheek to be smitten, y and then turns the other for a similar , treatment. Exhausting its foe, it carmly i- proceeds with its teeth and tears its e enemy to pieces, and enjoys the repast d afforded. As exterminators of these par ticular snakes in America pigs are invalu y able. e TiE trustees of theo Buirnio Town Iall have eoonroodapublio mooting to ibe held at the Town Iaton honday, the 5t lNoveom'er, at7 it p.m., to takeo into considoration the affairs roe .0 lating to the Town IIfll. t A CossrTTee mooeeting of the Carrick Racing SClub will be hold at Blair's IIotel on Tues day, 30th inst, at 4 p.m. S OLD BtnowN Senayr. --Gontlemen wishing i to sccure a really good wine will do well to d apply at once to D. I. Connolly, who is now o ffering the fins olu slherry specially chosen for of Charles Arthur, Eqi., tn London. This wins was p?ssed as AE by the London Armyand Navy Club, which has amongst its members some of the trst judlges I the world. C. A Artlur, Esq., ans otinined some, and say it is, f equalto formsr supplies. Price, les per doE.- (adot.) CoonvoIsteti's ·. and * pale and dark brandy, 1878 vistage, a thorosghly pure spirit warranted eqsal to hfartell and ennaessy's a- Stocks always on hand and arriving. Sold by ,. all wins and spirit merchants. Danerrr, [Moons, ANn Co. ngsnte.--lhdvt. MUMM's CHAuPAGNE, quarts and pints, dry or sweet, specially recommended to invalids, to e, he had from all'wino and spirit merehants and to hotels. Dalgety, Moore and Co., agentsn , Avn'r.) Butn CaoEs.--A largeo assortment in Fanoy Wire, WVoodcn, IBreeding, and Parrot Cages. F. IHanT AND SoN.-Advt. of Tur most flattcritog tribute to the merits of Udolpho Wolfe's Stchiodam Aromatic Shinapps is to ho found in.the fact that, al Sthough repsratedly pirated, and olften imitated, ' nostlug has ever been prodpeed that even simu a- lates thls matchless preparation. All the adul ,d terated compounds and noxious nostrums, the et diluted cordials and siekly eliairs toat hbar been folsted on the publaio, hear no more the shadow ofa semblance tothis excellinginvigoranmt than the strongest artifislal light to the great luminary of the day. (A) 