AOTA PGPULI. BY THE FXANETTEa Advance Australia ! io our cry to-day, and well may vre pull on our cleanest boiled elofcb.es and jump on our best hats and proclaim a holiday for thio glorious land in opite of official nonentities, political huckoterers, and occasionally pensioner rulers. Australia has indeed advanced with gianfc Btrides since the sunny morn, when the littl© 350 ton Endeavour rode outside the Botany Heads in 1770, and Oaptain Cook oont word to Frank Smith to have ice-creamo and oysters within an hour for himoolf and Banks, and all the rest of tho gentry. For the subsequent 18 years, however, the place was not over lively. Things seem to have been carelessly handled by those left in charge o£ tho colony, the principal of these persons being a flag-pole stuck up on the Botany rocks. There were no 'crams running in those days, consequently there was lees row, and still lees work for the under takers. If a sick man wanted a icafe goose for his Christmas dinner then, ho had to pay a otiffi price, because fche goeae farmers had to carry them SKch an awful distance j and although thero was no 'Holy Joo' Licensing Act dis gracing the community then, still the advantages derived from thio circumstance wore considerably hampered by the fact that there were no public houses nearer than Pekin to got into on the ' lovely Sawbatk morn.' These were bully days for Woseby, Davies, and the rest of the ' Hover Touch-Ito.' But then again their bliss was rather subdued owing to their not being born until quite a long time after. Eighteen years after the only Coot's arrival the flag-polo and the native princes whose state costume consisted of a fish bone stuck through their noses, and with whom a net ox heels were sufficient defence against any attack being made on them from the rear, declared they heard a noise ' over that way.' Doubtlessly they would have said they saw it only it happened| to bo made by a fleet of 11 ' Orient liners' under the command of Oaptain Arthur Phillip. As pur Premier- poet once sang in hio ' Oonvict'a Death,' the aristocracy out at Botany then — ' Knew- by that, glad limn A ship from. England liadcome.' So they ordered their wattle, bark carriages out, clattered down to Mro. . Mcequarie'e fautGuil as ; they called ' The -0hairs' end encouraged the visitors to come up .at once and be baked, boileda or stowed j uofc ao thoir own good taoteo directed. A little 'black birding'^snd a great deal of rum, however, noon put both sides on a social footing, after, which tho new. chums began, to do all the ' footing' themDelveDj.and I am told this custom is kept up in some parto to tho present day, Mr0 M'Elhone, the ' aboriginals' protector,' wagnotia office at tho time, or in all probability he would have made whoever was in charge at that time give one or tv70 squirtno' whon ho had finished taking the ' native' evidence. But when bio hour did come (last Okriafcrnao day), the man wrq tbera as usual. ' '?.?;'?: .. . !, ? . . . Botany ;Eey waa the first .point Capfein Phillip struc.'.^ but;. go there v/r.D no one at home at the time, end tho, coil qufc.kii?Jfc..way. wr.o thou oo poor that it ? couldn't nupport, c, mortgage oven, he clewed up hie pprb-hr^wcor jibboom, unfurled his galley, !'.ad;opro:'.dhir;r.thv.TJrfcGido binnacle fco the stiffening' braeso .o.ncq, mpro.. _£H,B. — -My nauti cal knowledge ham'fc got quifco over kooping up tho New Yobi%] He did fcho trip to ©ardors v.j ^'Island in the wonderful passage oi sis days, and ' he would probably have boon inside o£ even that ' only one of fcho near side whoels of H.M.S. Siriuo came off, and fcho crevr lied to get; out and shove her along occasionally. This of oouvoe was no ' easy matter when fcho 'weather wao anyway ' Bultry. XT , Times have seasonably changed since then on . our ' salt,' which I take to be rather a sage re ?? inark. Just to gaugo the extent of our otrideo to present date I may here observe that on look ing over this first fleet's manifesto (by the kind , permission receivod by spiritualistic medium from .Oapt. Phillip), I Snd the cargo consisted of ^57 ' forced volun'ceoro,' of whom 192 were ladies, the balanco being men, boya, girls, and children. In addition to thooo the interesting documents say the squadron nloo had on board 160 soldiers, 40 marines (mark where they plaea fcho heroes), and ? the fleet convoyed ono bull, four cows, one calf, one stallion, three mtirea and fchreo eolfcs, oome oheep, ? goats and pigc, and plants or seeds of coffee, cocoa, cotton, banana, orange, lemon, guava, tamarind, , prickly pear, rone-apple, ipecacuanha, and jalap ; abo fig-tree, sugar-cane, bamboo, Spanish reed, and various variotieo of the vine, the apple, the pear, the quinco, the strawberry, the oak, and the myrtle. We can olightly better that record now, for I find the imports to Sydney last year totalled I £17,626,289, and the exports climbed up to the lather desirable little a«m of .£12,067,121. These ? figures are of course exclusive of the border trade as well as the direct trade from Uewcastle and ? other Pacific posts, which would certainly bulge the aggregate out most considerably. It is also . noteworthy that whilst the value o£ imported ? pianos last year wao £80,000 exactly the coBt of buying up all the ' only sewing-machines that took first prizes at all the exhibitions' would use up the whole of the money fchio world hae ever held since Pharoah was a small boy running about pelting bricks at incautious old bald headed Israelites as they jogged along to their extremely vegetarian breakfasts. There's nothing like dove-tailing a neat little fact like that into a ; ...chunk of statistics. It takes the odges off the . figures, and makea the scientific side more homely. r Governor Phillip at first didn't have very ? much of a picnic time with Mb new-chum colony. 1 Nearly all the men were so fond of work that \- they used frequently lie down and go to sleep ? alongside of it ; and the ladies were not obtru sively induotriouc either. In addition to this, ' the supplies soon van short, and as the .' cable,' '?' with its usual s?egcrd for passing events, happened ' to snap as well, it looked very much as if the ''? cafes would go bung, and a 40-horse-powor : famine would aquafcfcyvoo down on the now-found \- land. Bother fchesa atavve, ov live all their lives on ' five-oornero ' and pickled blackfellows, how ever, the hardy pioneers agreed to do an odd job of farming now and then, and so Australia Boon began to toddle. She wao a dear little baby darling then — the very image of her Ma, and now, see what a strapping young, rnilkfchocows and-whack-the- peanuy big girl she has grown to. During the yoaro following 1795, Governors Hunter and King worked so well that Sydney, aa some quaint historian — probably Josephuo Oj. Pastor Allen — carefully cays, ' it began to assume oome of the features of a \- city.' That'a precisely what ifc io doing at the present date. Governor Hunter, I presume, wao a eroos-eyed man, and Governor King had two lego. At least that ia the only way ' in which v/e can account for the geological struc ture and the fearfully mathematical exactness of our different streets and alleys. I can easily f: imagine the left-legged hero polkaing gaily along ' : College-street and Boomerang-road, and dragging ' the survey chain at his heels, whilst the other 'bully old boy with the impediment in his ' optics ' looked along the polos and shouted to a leading paooor-by — -c Hello thar, Yorkey, I as ' aume this is goin' t' be a bang-up city oome day. Yeow bet your boo'oo on that now, laddie.' ; The only way one can fully roalizo tho rapidity ;.??? .of the growth of ouch a vigorous young land as ? ours is to'go right back and carefully take ofcoak of how it looked when Phillip's pioneers first struck tho ehore and aaked v/hich wao the nearest ' -way to tho ' Korfee Palaco,' or Punch's, and to then do tho vetui'ii trip back and examine fcho state of the poll at present. Itfofc a oinglo one or ' that happy band ox froo-colocfcora would recognize a single block of tho land to-day. And besides, wouldn't we laugh v.b their clothes, and aok who mado their panto, and wouldn't they with equal ? justice return 'oho compliment ? rIhafc old 1 bull and fistful .of sqwb orb now- oomjtj.. their children by millions, our sheep can give the sand,s of the sea a start and still outnumber them, and our horses, if all were hitched up by Wright, Heaton, and Co., could haul thio world of ours to the farthest post on tho Milky Way in a fortnight. All they would require would be a feed of Hyam's corn, a set of Barringfcon's harness, a keg of Parramatta-Gtreefc Murphy's axle-grease, and a place for their feet to stand on. The growth of feed for all this live-stock must of course change the whole face of the colony completely. Where the tall Eucalyptus reared its sfcafcely head the clover now spreads a green Brussels carpet, and where fcho amorous old pade molono and their ' hearts adored' frisked around in the mazy waltz or sweetly squatted and sang love songs to the stars, the tasty pumpkin twines its loving arms, and raises ifcs esthetic Eoyne Water flowers for the cows to nip at; or the heavily-laden quince tree upward cuvla, and gives the ' Oh Mys ' to every youngster v/ho can arrive when the boss is busy, ov the big dog gone down town to ask the butcher what he thinks of ' Mistah Sfcooart's Ministry,' or the chances of lifctlo Syrup-and-squilla for getting in for some blind lagoon or goose pond in the dis trict. But we have risen in many other ways as well, especially in political importance and the price of beef and hen fruit. Hero is a clip from an authorized list dated 1847 :— Best flour, £13 per ton ; maize, Is 7d per bushel ; hay, £-!- 10a per ton ; fresh butter, Is 2d per lb ; cheese, 4d per 1b ; eggs, 8d per dozen ; beef lid per lb by the carcase ; mutton 2kl di'cto, and so on to the end of the chapter. The buns were also fatter and cheaper then, and the hash-houses considerably more reliable. Tanilla creams were not reared in such abundance, but the dread sausage was no'c nearly so mysterious as it is now, and was never found with brass buttons, miners' nghta5 and bits of old goloshes concealed about its per son. One could then rear a family of thirty or forty olive branches on 50s a week with comfort ; but now tha only way to save the lives of half io to either starve them to death or drown them. With the first batch of ' true patriots' of the G-eorge Barrington school there came a clergy man named the Eev. Richard Johnson, to whom John Davies, the Boyal Princes, myself, and other distinguished teetotallers owe a whole typhoon' of thanks, for he brought with him a few orange oeeds from Rio, and poked them down a hole near Farramafcta. This laid the foundation of our oplendid orange groveo, and if anyone io anxious to know how we have improved on the good work of the party by the name of Johnson ho has only to take a trip up the river, or walk through the George-street Markets on Gale days, and carefully note effects as in tho latter emporium ho holds his nose, and blesses the Corporation. la 1803 the first Eoman Catholic clergyman, Eev. W. Dizon, arrived, and said Mass for the first time in a ' wattle-and-dab cathedral' on 15Lh May. I don't know for certain, because I was absent at the time, but I presume the choir sang Mozart's 12th, and Rosoi's ' Tantum Ergo.' Seven teen years later tho Rev. J. J. Thorry landed, and then in 1830 came two other grand workers, Fathers M'Encroe and Ullathorno. In those good old times a priest had to give three daya' notice before he would be allowed to celebrate a single oervice. We are just beginning to improve on that, but if the (3-eeat I Was had his way v/e would scarcely be allovred fco have Mass under three years, and perhaps bo compelled to hear ifc even then in a gaol. (Yido Sir 'Envy's speech re ' priestly traitors.') In 1821 Governor Macquario laid the foundation-atone of Sb. Mary's — (only fancy tho horror-otricken-hold'-me-up-hill-till-I-faint look v/hich would jump to Lord Fussy Gussy's face if he were aeked to do it tho other day) — and old Governor Mac. alao observed, ho ' over found Catholics to be loyal and faithful subjects.' But Pastor Dan wasn't horo just then to tell him all about the tricks and turns of the Jesuits. Father Thorry preached a most impressive Bormon. Fourteen yen.ro after this event, Dr. Polding and three priests arrived, and those I have now mentioned wore the good, bravo, self sacrificing saints who sowed fcho seeds of Catholicity in Australia and who never spared themselves in tho leant to tako care that tho seeds sown would bear ripe fruit, and leave undying gorms behind them. Glory and lovo to tho mon of old ! Two papers wore afloat horo at fcho time, viz., fcho Sydney Gazelle (otarfcod 1803), and tho Herald, 1831. There wao nothing very startling in them then, and porhaps tho uaao remark would apply at tho prosoni day. In 1831, hov/cvor, tho EercM wao certainly nofc i'v,a by the yxm weals- ' kneed crowd as it is now, for I find one clip sayB, ' It does appear more than inconsistent that the Roman Catholic with 12,000 of his profession [should feol satisfied with £1,228 amongst the v/holo, while fcho Established Ohurch receives £1 per head for its flock, and alao receives tho enorm ous grant of one-seventh of tho territory booideo.' Tho words, ' It does appoar more than inconoio fcenfc,' havo tho full ring of the modern iooue v/hich spoako or a bare-faced violation of justice on fcho part of the ex-Premier as being an 'indiscretion;' but just mark how the pro sent old dame has improved on tho little charity and sense of justice that was found in her great great- grandmother'a gizzard half a century ago. The Empire and 'Freeman1 s Journal started neck and neck in 1850 ; fcho former io now abaorbod in th-? Weivs, bub fche latter, like good wine, grows better with age. Long may it wave. So far as athletic sports are concerned, we have I fairly improved ourselves off the face of fche earth and now soar high above all creation. And fche proud day will assuredly come when we will be able to oay tho same of our lifcorai'y giants also ; because all that is wanted to bring native genius fco fche front is a lifctlo more regard for mind, and a little less for muscle. Mistah Stooart might make a note of that. Even now do I feel a pepper-corn of inspiration filling my soul (either that or indigestion) j even now do I feel that — ' The sunset of life gives me mystical lore, And coming events cast tlieir shadows before.' Eren now do I feel something of that divining spirit ?which caused thousands fco flock to fcho oracles of old ; even now do I feel that half a lobster, four green cucumbers, a plate of dried apples, a dozsn muffins, and a lot of. devilled kidneys and a bucket of ' ahandy ' and fighting rum are not fcho best ox combustibles to stow away at a light midnight supper, and so my soul swells forth in a grand prophetic chant (which, by the way, is borrowed) and I sing — Australia I What, though thy maidens are a hlacldsh brown ? Does virtue dwell in whiter breasts alone ? Ah no, Ah no, Ah no, Ah no, Ah no ; It shall not, must not, cannot e'er be so. The day ohall come when Albioti*3 self shall feel Stern Austral' s wrath and writhe 'ncath Austral's steel. I see her tribes the hill of Glory mount, And sell their sugars on their own account, While round her throne the prostrate nations come, Sue for her beof and barter for her rum. On ! On ! dear land ! Swarm up the topmost peaks of honour, And keep your eye on Johnnie Mac. and Dan O'Connor. ' The harp fchafc once ' haa a kick in her yefc, so now empfcy tho jug for fche 95th fcitne fco fche greatness and glory of Young Australia ! So they ' sofc ' poor little ' Pills ' in fche mud onco more, and even Tom Paine, it seemn, can put a ' head' on ' 'Oly Emy.' Fever mind ; there's still a chance for fche 'medicine man' yet, but he'll have to go farther South— say down about Kerguelen's Land — that ' weird ghost; of a land by fcho ghost oE a sea,' of which one of us v.rhom tho gods loved bettor than we ingrat.es sang — ? ' Blind are its bays with the shadow o£ bale on them ; Storms of the ii'ader thoir rooks have uphurlcd : Earthquake hath registered deeply its tale on them — Tale of distross from the dawn of tho world ! There, are the gaps with fche surges that; seethe ill them j Gaps iu whoso jaws is a menace that glares ! There, the wan reefs with the merciless teeth in them Gleam on a chaos that startles and scares.' Ifc iB v/oll worth while to read a good geological description of that fearful southern land first, and then ponder o'er the wonderful power pco*' Kendall possessed of fitting in appropriate ! thoughts, similes, words, and metro for all his best subjects. JShcu! Ho might havo been with us now if ho only know how fco ' snick Bates fco fcho off for a single,' or ' lil't Spofforfch over tho fence for a fiver.' From Dr. Benwick fco Kondall is a step from fcho ridiculous fco fcho sublime indeed ; but now I think of ifc, Kerguelen is a doubtful electorate fco try alao. The much- trounced Dr. might arrive on its Plutonic rocks during the booby gull season, and one of those old bigoted bullot heado would bo Guro to opposo and defeat him. Perhaps ' our mutual' Woseby would oblige by doing fcho ' Whereat urigglo,' and allowing Arthur to accept his seat. Bufc that's wrong again. She genial tombstone carver is tho member for ' Nowhere ;' now the electors there knov; ho suits them so woll, they will stick fco him until tho end of time ; or, if it's showery then, till the day after. Farewoll, 'Fizz- iscian ' — Iohargo thoe fling away ambition — by ifc Lucifer, Sir 'Emy, and many other great spirits ?fell. So now worry up old Hippocrates and (3-alen once again, and then (ell us if you can ' minister to a mind diseased.' If you can— esporimontalico on your own. It iu simply wondorful how near Eomo persons can got to tho truth when they don't try, and how they fail fco choot within ?, league of tho prtmo wh^n they I'on-Uy mean to hit it. A f©V7 days ago there was a spontaneous better-come* down-old-feller-coz-ifc'11-look- so sorb of meeting held in a caok at Tenterfiold for the purpose of inviting fcho back-door burglar fco come up and surround a bun-banquet, and take his orders for his future political careor from his one supporter. Of course all fcho Whereats, and Whereons, and Wherewithal^, and Whereabouts were yarded up — the Mayor, with that sense of dignity of office which characterised so many others during fcho recent election, filled fche chair. The enthu siasm was afc fcirnes so great that now hoops had fco bo fastened around fcho cask, and serious fears were onco entertained for fche safefcy of the bung holoi All fcho speakers seem fco havo reached tho very borders of fche ' Great Eealifcy,' aB ifc were, and then fco have broken short off or rather turned back before they struck the real track of truth. In reading fcho following clips please note tho orator's oxacfc words aro alone — those in parenthesis are whafc should havo followed. The Mayor in addressing fcho water-bofcfcle oboerved ' that fclioy had nob forgotten fche good Sir Henry Parkes had done for fche country .'3 (JEn paren thesis now — And for himself, Lof fcus, G-avbefcfc, and Co. in particular.) Tho only Whereat then opened fire and said, ' Ifc wag the lob of very few electorates to have the honour of returning a dis tinguished member like Sir Henry Parkes — the premier otafcsoman of fche colony.' (And very few if any electorates would so unmistakably disfranchise themselves by allowing any one man to speak on hia own responsibility for the bulk of fche electors. Furthermore there are few — very fow — would-be statesmen so dead to every sense oi! shame aa fco trail fche once dignified title of Premier through a back sewer in order that he might afc least be allowed fco lick the crumbs, so fco speak, that fell from his master's table, or fco sifc in fche dark and act as a spy on his bettors. Hear, hear.) ' Tho electors should nob only welcome him ao member for Tenterfield, but also on account of fche distinguished position he has commanded, ard held in fche colony.' (And also for fche supreme ridicule which hia bumpfcioua Thrasonical blatherskifcing brought on us all when he complacently told the world ' we had noofchin fco learn from Yoorup or fche world afc large either,') Mr. M. H. Walker ' thought; Tenfcerfield was ia an exceptionally good position in having a genfcla man of Sir Henry Parkes's standing to represent them in Parliament.' (' And in my mind's eye I now see visions of bridges agin our doors, v/orn oufc railroads, (3-arbefcfcical bridges, ana who knows but we may one day obtain a new gaol ?' Loud cheers.) Mr. O. A Lee declared, ' fche occasion of having fcho opportunity of welcoming '? Sir Henry Parkes as fcheir member v/&o; one they mighfe feel proud of. Sir Henry Parkes, who had in a moment been dashed from office, and who after hi defeat for East Sydney had received invitations from several electorates of far more importanco than theirs, had felfc ifc his duty fco accept fche posifcionaa member for Teiifcevfleld.' (Afc fche same fcimo, however, he must admit bhafc some men like Joo Bowero were frequently overjoyed afc fcheir own foolishness, and would feel proud of any - thing, from a seat on the back stairs of fche House up to a blind boii. Sir 'Enry accepted Tonfcer field because ha know lie could shirk a fcussle. Tha other invitations were about as uoeleBa as so many cheques drawn on the banks of fche Olarenoo Siver.) Mr. I. Whereat moved,—' That fcho Municipal Council bo requested fco assist financially in carrying out fche arrangements in connection with the recopfciou to be given fco Sir Honry Parkes.' (Scoffers had said Tenfcerfield had desconded fco fche loiveab stratum of political slush in fcho bob* tomcat pit of Avernus, bub ho would like bhe Council fco show fcho world that; Avernus had a colUr and Tentorfield holds fche key. Immense cheering). Mr. J. Mackenzie said ' there was no doubfc Sir Henry Parlies when here would announce fcho political programme of a party that a great many people of New South Wales still believed in.'3 And then having covered themselves fco fche ears with Tentovfiold glory, the crowd shook in fcho hab for ginger and buns, and fchon slunk homewards, . Traitors to thoir country's cause, however, soon get their deserts. Tho idea that a £5 feed would tempt the wily old fox fco spout out the political programmo of hia crumpled party was quite too utterly absurd, and so tho enthusiasts wore caret fully spurned and squelched in ono acfc by fchg following wire : — ' Faulconbiidgo, via Sydney, January llfch, 1S£3. ^ ' My XtaAH Sir,— I fear I mutt abandon tK& ? thought oTvisiting Tontsrfield now. ParlitwenS rerassombles on the 17th, and it is not desirable that I should be absent. Besides this my health is not Btrong. 'Henky Paekes.' It will be romembered ifc was solely to benefit this ' health' Sir 'Enry wont home, and it was solely for the same purpose he returned. However, every one to their tauten. Titania adored tho donkey-headed Bottom. And go let us leave tho Tenterfield ' free and independent' alone f ov the present. That telegram would sfcun a mule, but 'Whereabouts' should expect nothing else, for they — ' Witli bare backs solicit to be beat, ? And merit sucli a friend and sucli a treat.' 