WHAT joy awaits one when one's won the fight, And hears his foeman's, "Dommit! " Dommit ? . * * Just as a daring aeronaut, in spite, Might speak a greasy comet! But when one's beaten, how had. then the luck am, Sure, never woes came faster ! Easter ? * * * Ah ! woe is me ! For goockrhyme now I stuck am Stuck, like a porous plaster! Supposing, too, I never had a vote, I never thus would sigh void ! Sigh void ? * * * Unless, as now, the spectre, -Death, did gloat, _ And threaten us with typhoid., Now stalking aromatic slums, my " nosen " Foul, pungent odours sniifeth! Sniifethp * # * Why, that reminds me that the country's chosen 'Twixt M'llwraith and Griffith ? Connected reason here my mind doth stick up, «> The logic's Jesuitical! -suitical ? * * ?* . I only know that now I have to pick up A few stray STBAWS POLITICAL ? LAST 'week I tipped the constitution of the next Ministry a® follows: Griffith, of course, Premier and Colonial Secretary, Foote (as representing 7 votes), Minister for Works. Sheridan (of Wide Bay, as holding 5 votes), Treasurer. Groom (5 votes), Minister for Lands. Butledge (is representing the North), Attorney-General. M'Lean (with a seat in the Upper House), Postmaster* General. The "On Dit" man of the Daily Observer coolly ap propriated these tips, and gave tlieiri as if they were his original ideas, taking care, be it remarked, to put them: in different lines. Well, those tips correctly represented matters as they stood last week, but things have shaken down a bit since, and the shaking down has brought about some changes. To wit Groom is to be offered (!) a portfolio,^ but he has agreed to decline to accept it on the score of ill-health ! The form of offering him a portfolio is to be gonei through as a salve- to the wounded dignity of 20 odd years'. patience. And, then, this always-in-Opposition, old, parliamentary identity is to declare himself contented with the Chairmanship of Committees 1 " And he fain would have filled his belly with the husks that the swine did eat." I don't know why I introduce the above quotation here, but it seems to fit somehow. Again, respecting Foote. Griffith acknowledges (as, indeed, everybody does) that James Foote is a thoroughly honorable and estimable gentleman at a small tea-party^ Still, Sam thinks that Foote has had hardly sufficient experience of the world to occupy the exalted position of Minister for Works. This being so, Messrs. Cribb and Foote (who really have seven Parliamentary votes at their disposal, and are the active wire-pullers who work the marionette known to the outside world as "Our Sam") have nominated no less (and no greater!) a person than William Kellett (!) as the proper individual to be the next Minister for Lands, instead of W. H. Groom. I can't exactly tip who is to be the Minister for Works (except that Foote isn't; he's got to grocer I), but the rest of my last week's tips, I do not feel in clined to alter. 1 am still of opinion that M'llwrailh's position in the next Parliament is & satisfactory one. After 5 years' lease of power, the country wants a change for the sake of change. Griffith will defeat him on a motion for a vote of want of confidence, but where Sam's loorking majority is to be depended on for any length of time, is ?what 1 am utterly unable to fog out. Many a. pro M'llwraith man will assist to produce the inevitable. That is to say, will go with Griffith on the want of con fidence motion. But these are neither of his crowd, nor with his crowd, and must help Mac. in Opposition after wards. ' Ai to the fallacious trimming of the Courier that Mac; should resign before Parliament meets, I refer the reader to the plain expression of my sentiments which appears in another column. In " counting noses " in the new Parliament, I sort outfhe sides according to what may be called the "stay ing pow&s; " of the Members. Now, I propose to give my readers my notion of the ne^t Parliament. As I have said, the voting on the want of, confidence motion may bp different;, 'but I believe I am giving the real legislative strength oi e&ah.; side. I may premise that I .consider Cooper and Hamilton such a " moral" for the Cook, tliat I unhesitatingly count them in ub if they were already elected-at the risk of being ''chyacked" afterwards, if they don't succeed. Well, here goes for my list:-: ' MAC/8. SAM'S. Archer, A. Aland, R. Black, M. H. Bailey, W, G. Chubb, C. E. . Bale, J. Ii. \- Cooper, F. A. Beattie, P. Dutton.C. B. Brookes, W. Donaldson" .Buckland, J. F. Ferguson, J. Dickson, j. E. Goveii>,J. Foote, J. Hamilton, 3. Foxton, J. G. : Hurley, J. Fraser, S. Jessop, J. S. Garrick, J. F. Xolor, J. Griffith, S. W. Lissner, I. Grimes, S. Macrossan, J. M, Groom, W. H. M'llwraith, Sir T. Higaon, "W. K. M'Whannell, T. Horwitz, J. Morehead, B. D. Isambert, J. B. L. kelson, H, M. Jordan, R. Norton, A. Kates, F. Palmer, E. Kellett, W. Perkins, P. Macfarlane, J. Scott, J. ' Mel lor, M. . , Stephenson, J. ' Midgley, A. Stevens, E. J. Miles, W. "Wallace, D. S. > Moretori, B. B. Eutledge, A. Salkeld, W. Sheridan, B. B. , Sqnyth, W. White, P. This gives Sam a legislative strength of 30 votes, and Mac. one of 25 votes. Majority for Sam, 5. Which condition of sides was my exact tip last week; Touching that Burnett election. There can be no shadow of a doubt that the declaration by Eeturning Officer J. Conolly, of B. B. Moreton as the elected Mem ber, was illegal. At any rate, it was opposed to common sense. What says the " Elections Act of 1874," which is the Statute under which elections are managed ? The only provision dealing with this point is contained in qlause 50 of this Act. Here are the exact Words : .' And every such elector may vote for any number of candi dates not exceeding the number of members then to be chosen and any ballot paper containing a greater number ofnaniesof candi dates or without the initials of tlw presiding officer shall be rejected . at the close of the poll. ~ I The legal straw for tlie bewigged fraternity'to quibble j over is-Is this clause mandatory or only directory ? If it is mandatory, then the voting paper must not even contain a smudge or a blot beyond the prescribed scratches and the initials of the Presiding Officer ! If directory merely, then, 60 long as it contains all tliat is directed by the Act, additional evidence of the genuine ness of the paper cannot invalidate tlie vote. The most superficial reading of the Act shows clearly that this clause is directory only. We have to use common-sense with it. Using common-sense, one naturally asks, ''Why is it required that the Presiding Officer should initial caeh vote ? " The answer is pat and ready to hand-"As a proof of that vote's genuineness " Yery well. When tlie Presiding Officer chooses to affix his name in full, does not that rather strengthen than lessen the evidence of a vote's genuineness ? If I alter one of my cheques, my banker requires me to initial the alteration. Suppose that/instead of my initials only, I wrote my full name against the alteration, do you think my banker would be donkey enough to affirm that the cheque was nob en regie. - It is true enough that a fool of a Returning Officer at Beenleigh.the other day rejected certain votes because a Presiding Officer had written his name in full instead of only his initials. But the cancelling of those votes did not alter the result of the election and the matter was allowed to drop. Had it- affected the returns, there would have been trouble over it, as there will be over this Burnett affair. In this case, not only did ,t]ie Presiding Officer initial the ballot papers, but the scrutineers also signed their names, thus giving a threefold guarantee that all the votes were genuine. The Act has been complied with. The voting papers all contained the initials of. the Presiding Officer, and 4the Act does not sbv that tMey must wo^bearanything beyond the initials. There is a rumour anent the Stanley election, which I echo in an idle moment, even as ,atiy chance wind blows j stray straws about, without putting the stamp of FIGARO authenticity upon it. It is said that one of the defeated candidates (this must be North, ?of. course) intends to. contest the validity of the recent election, and has planked 100 so vs. " not for publication but as a guarantee of good faith." Hem! ^ N". S. Wales Parliament was opened on Tuesday last. The promised amendment of the oppressive Libel Laws of that colony occupied a prominent. place iu the Vice Eegal Speech. . .. . -v'. - * Dear reader. You can Uty this down as an incon trovertible and constant axiom in politics. All the men on your own side are, glorions: ;imd effulgent angels of light-good, honest men.attd true) possessed of every virtue and having no vice. . All the men on the other side are demons of dire blackness-men without character, men steeped to the necks in roguery, blackguards of the deepest dye, familiar denizens of rascaldom. It always-is so. Samuel has been feted and banqueted Gympie and Maryborough way. Much swilling; more bunkum ; most gas. Sam has now returned to his darling Queen Street. r Morehead was banqueted at St. George last Satur day night. Now that Groom has to be content with sitting as junior member for Toowoomha, will the promised portfolio still remain open to him? Where are the five votes that a junior member can control, eh? Leigh, the ever lively, is going the pace up at Toowoomba. Since he has been on theD. D, Gazette, he has succeeded in getting the whole of Groom's rancorous wrath concentrated upon him. In fact, as Gray says in his elegy "The blowing bird boils slowly Over Leigh, And wants the worldin darkness fall to be!" Groom has called Leigh n boy-a youngster, but Leigh has replied that he's willing to grow older every day, provided W. H. G. will give him permission. Leigh's last freak was upon the election day* Drayton; was the scene. It appears that some scurrilous. bills (without any imprint) had been stuck up outside the polling booth. , Leigh pointed them out to the Beturning Officer, and asked whether such advertising could be permitted. The Returning Officer " hummed and hawed" and at last said that" there,was nothing in the Electoral Act to prevent it." Whereupon", Leigh replied:-" Then there can be nothing in the Electoral Act to prevent the pulling down of the same "-and down came the^>lacards. The Telegraph has howled so loud Of receptions and champagne, That the very anxious Queen Street crowd Thought-that poll was theirs again. But Fate's upset that apple cart, Despite the "Fishwife's" cram, And the pain in poor H'Donald's heart Is anything but sham. The pain of disappointment sore, \- I hardly think he'll:love it, . . But M'llwraith counts one man more, Hurrah! for Johnny Govett. The first case of double voting has been dealt with. Joseph Clapper pleaded guilty to the commission of such offence at the Bulimba election. We all kfiow how virtuously indignant the principal Stagnant papers have been respecting the electoral wickedness of the M'llwraith party, and we know how horror struck they said they were at this particular case of Clapper's. Well, it turns out that Clapper is a half witted German, who, being told by a publican named Kavanagh that he could vote as often as he pleased, went and voted a second time in happy innocence. To show what Judge Mansfield thought of the case, it |s only necessary to state that he only inflicted a £2 fine with an alternative of 7 days' imprisonment. The Stagnant papers were ready to howl because of Clapper's case but they never told their readers that the only two prosecutions concerned with the Aubigny election were against their own men. It is considered likely that Sam Griffith, when he becomes Premier and re- organises the Police Depart ment, will superannuate Commissioner D. T. Seymour, and give him a seat in the Upper House. \"' _ This is how the Charters Towers Herald commenced a recent leading article If persistent, bold, unblushing misrepresentation and broad lying on the part of the editor of the NortlteiiC Miner have any effect on the minds of the electors of the Kennedy, Mr. Lissner has more chance of being struck by lightning than of being re turned to Parliament on Friday next. In the exercise of that consummate impudence and demoniacal determination to com pass, by the most villainous means if necessary, the fall of those who will not make obeisance to him, Mr. Thadeus O'Kane has, ; through the bristling columns of his libellous paper, traduced Mr. Iiissner, and held him up to public hatred, ridicule, and contempt; One of the dodges during the Mitchell election was to give out seriously that Govett had retired froin.jfche contest and hkd gone South. But the ruse didn't work this j;i&e..; The saine snare was laid at the preceding Mi'teheil jelection, and the voters now distrusted the cry of .'Wolf jw ; . V Vv'Vi' - ? s "Surprised.''-My dear dupei you need not be sur prised^. The political tips in thatOn-Dit column aye only staffed in to fill--dragged out of exchange papers (no matter how violently partisan either way),and swallowed holus bolus without- any attempt to gauge the bia∨ the correctness of the surroundings. To give an instance---the paper in question actually, stated before the Warwick election that if Ea-]4some rietired, Benjamin would get in ! Why, R. retiredin,favor of Horwitz. R's splitting the votes Benjamin's, only chance. The reason il^idn't ljack John Douglas for Toowoomba was becau?e!l co«ldn't fairly do so. When contesting Nprth Brisbane X con trasted him as against such an addlepate as. Billy Brookes. But Aland and Groom arc both ^pable men, though on the wrong side (in iny idea). Dotiglas had no business at Toowooitiba. He wits neither on one Ride nor the other, and, best reason of all, he never had the ghost of a show; That's why Figaro^ was silent about hitn. .. ; i One of Tom Campbell's staunchest supporters, if not indeed, his very staunchest supporter, in Tom's candidature for the Cook, is the veteran D.P. Thomas, of Port Douglas. I think the Biblical; word Didymus, my dear Thomas, would suit well to des cribe your friend Tom's chances of success. 'Scats! Get. ready the Bootjack, : For where there are So many Toms to hoot, Jack,. _ We must prepar*. ' It appears that Sam Griffith is likely to fee- up at Cooktown, upon the election day for Cook. *My readers may remember my quoting from a Cooktown paper last week a threatening advt. concerning a bank, manager. Well, there's talk ajbout going to law over it. And, as the Cooktown Court opbns three days before election dayi the Stags, up there are counting up whether it's worth while to sling Sam Griffith a big, fat fee to come up and take the plaintiff's case and then to get him to speechify around as pur usual. Not half a bad idea. : Hardwicke, one of the rejected candidates for Burke, owns nearly the; whole of the Cloncurry mine, and lots : of property near Hughenden. He is building a large hotel at Hichmojud Downs; I gather these facts from a correspondent who says that' he attended one of. Hardwicke's meetings at Ndrmanton and learned them from the public utterances of the candidate ] himself. Hardwicke has a gigantic notion in his brain about giving the whole of the North an Artesian j water supply. He said that money need be no objectj as he was rich enough to advance the money necessary j construct the works, and could accept the water rates as interest. Hard wicke posed as ja Ministerialist, but trimmed to catch votes *o far as saying that he was against land-grant rail waj said that the recognised Ministerial support had not V c«i accorded to him. During the recent Toowoomta contest, the Telegraph published a telegram concerning a political demonstra tion accorded to Sam. Griffith. That telegram, you may be almost cocksure, came from W. H. Groom, M.L.A., and, possibly, it was this feat iand similar ones that prostrated him and brought on his recent indisposition. The message contained the following sentence r~ .. . All along Huthven and'James streets -crowds of people w^re gathered on the footpaths, and loudly cheered the visitor, while ladies in balconies waved their handkerchiefs. Now, Sam was proceeding to the Town Hall; People who know Toowoomba may be prepared to credit the presence of the ladies. But where are the balconies ? Between Long's Hotel and the Town Hall there is not one! tf The honourable Peter M'Lean, Member of the Legislative Council, Postmaster General, et cetera, et ceteraHow will that sound ? Or is it that the wire- pulling Stags mean to rob some Paul in order to pay Peter, by inducing one of Sam's "humblest soldiers " to resign his seat in M'Lean's favor ? The Burke has burked you. You look blue, And blueness doesn't make you sweeter; For. outward-bounds 'tis just the hue. The sailing signal thou-blue peter'. W. H. Groom, M.L.A. for Toowoomba, shrieks piercingly because P. Perkins & Co. have withdrawn an advertisement from the columns of his paper, the T. Chronicle. "Baleful boycotting!" he yells; "infamous!" But he keeps silence about the fact that he, as President of the Horticultural Society, and in other capacities, has always ironsidedjy refused to insert any advts. in the D. D. Gazette, his rival. He, kept all these for his own paper! Again, the Gazette has discovered that Groom recently made an offer to a Toowoomba publican to insert an advertisement at half-rates, provided;such, advt, was not given to the Gazette. You see, tt professional robber if? always the first to cry, " Stop thief/' when his own. pocket is touched. Excuse me for introducing a Tasmanian matter into this column. It appears that they really have some politics in Tasmania at last. At least, they have hootings, groanings, mobs, and rotten eggs. : Which are all good signs for Sleepy Hollow. Tasmanian politics may be summed up in two words-" Public Works." This is the politics of every Government, and, of course, in practice it really amounts to what our Mac. calls " political railways," and political roads acd bridges, &c.; Well there has been a railway trouble in Tasmania. Launceston, in the North has long ago laid outspoken claim to be considered the capital of the colony instead of sleepy old Hobart, whose palmy days vanished when the disgrace of con vict labor was abolished. And Launceston is really ten times more vitally prosperous than Hobart. The mining discoveries of the last five years have made the North end of the island gee like a buzz saw on the rampage. Well, there was a Northern Bail way Bill, and two Northern members, J. Seott (I think he's Deloraine, but I won't be positive) and P. W. Grubb (Launceston) both voted against it. When these gentlemen went home to their Sunday dinners- that is to say, took passage by train from Hobart to Launceston, along Audley Coote's precious guarantee system line of railway-a hideous abortion, whose ugliness cannot be sufficiently appreciated at a dis tance-the " boys" just waited for them. Scott (the Deloraine member) they let walk through them, subject only to hissing. That was, probably, because he would get his gruel all in good time when he got right home-there being another and older rail way from Launceston to Deloraine. As for F. W. Grijbb, he was treated to some choice ruffianism. Rotten eggs were present in such crowds that he couldn't walk from the railway platform to his own carriage. Not only that, but when he made a second attempt, the mob stoned him. [Politics are looking up in Tasmania.] Then Grubb sent for the police, and the water hose , was played upon the crowd by order of the superintendent. [I suppose it's Shooperin tendent Shoolivan by this time?] This, however, only maddened the mob, and the stoning took quite a lively turn. However, Grubb got to his brother's house after a lot of trouble. Nobody in Launceston pities Grubb. He is an old skinflint of a money lender whose chief virtues are that he knows how to make money and also knows how to keep it. The widow and orphan and the destitute man have (only as a "matter of form," you know) often prayed for Grubb with an unpleasant fervour. He owns ever so much property in Launceston-in fact, is one of a "ring" nearly as bad as that in Brisbane which in cludes-[Whoa, Emma!] By the way, I might as well wind up this par. by telling you how Deloraine got Us name. It was invented by a surveyor in the old Vandemonian days, who happened to be told by a settler, upon his first advent into that locality, that there had been a u deal-o'-rain " there, whereas all the rest of the colony had been suffering from drought! There cannot be any doubt about the result of the Cook election. Lumley Hill stands no show whatever -not even at Port Douglas, the stronghold of Anti Cooperism. [It would be unfair to call it a Stagnant stronghold, because the whole of the North is Pro gressive as-against Queen's Street one-horse policy ; and Port Douglas dislikes Cooper on grounds of purely personal grievance.] Tom Campbell will get a little support at Cooktbwn, and more at Port Douglas, but beycnd this he is out of it* Cooper and Hamilton will go in flying, and I should not be at all surprised to see Jack a little way ahead of the energetic Fwed, who certainly lost no time in canvassing his electorate, and has Cairns as his humble footstool. 4 