SPORTING NOTES. (By Athlete.) C on t i nuing my notes of the Clover — Hill Handi- -» caps, from the last issue, we come to the Walking Match with fourteen nominations, holding handicaps ranging up to 200 yds in tlie Mile. Indeed a lamentable farce at handicapping, for it is the height of absurdity to imagine that the scratch mail could overhaul such starts as given were he to walk fairly, and those who have obtained snch a long lead, if they hold the slightest pretensions of being walkists, should never allow McDonald to reach them. His abilities are well-known and it is acknow ledged that at the present time there is nothing in the North can touch him for a mile walk, but even with this reputation it is decidedly in just to ask him to concede starts like those at Clover Hill. P. Sexton has a fair advautage, but caunot overtake some of those with longer starts. S. Waters is held safe by-Wilson who has fifty yards the better of him at the start, but Wilson will show "the white feather" when about three- quarters of the distance is travelled, and Inglis has neither the style nor pace to finish in the lead. Grosser and Ide as strangers must be passed over, and Peppcrell can walk at a rattling pace but I think a mile is rather beyond his tether. M. King has strength enough to go any distance but is wanting in pace. A McDonald might win if pluck alone could do it, otherwise he has not the ghost of a chance, and neither has Williams to win although he may secure a place. J. King another stranger has been leniently treated, as also have Sexton and Gearn, and I should not be surprised to see the last named close up at the finish. I think we need not look further then Pepperell for the winner if he can go the distance, with H. Mc Donald and one of the strangers to fill the other places. The quarter-hour-go-as-you- please has sixteen nominators, of which num ber about twelve should accept. Mappison has been made the victim of the scratch mark, with Robinson nearest him at 100 yds start. Both these men are well known for long dis tanced running and will make the pace very warm. The next three Waters, Wilson and Kearney are not a lively trio for a distance, and will not be hard to dispose of. H. Mc- Donald is fairly good and might if he feels fit secure a place. N. Waters and M. King on the same mark will have to improve on their past performances before being able to hold their own with this company. The next six, Williams, J. Brown, D. Brown, J. King, Smith and Pepperell are on the 300 yds mark, of whom perhaps J. Brown is about the best. Carter and Collins with 350 yds each if they can only keep running will require some catch ing, but I believe that the first place will be fought for by the two back men Mappison and Robinson, and the former may prove his superiority after a struggle. 