WHAT SnGBTHAVE^BEEK EXPECTED- T.~ 3ISS. FBAKIC Oss uild Biurch night, not many " years jigo, two yoang msn walked rapidly tiirongh-themain-street of a crcde Western settlement. There was little attempt: at paring, as the place sc-emed to be scooped out of the .ml id rock- which hemmed it in. - The width iOf the street sasaserionsdrax&ackxaitsdistinatum.; The houses on eithrar::side, -Elaijting :fiDwn from the hiQs behind. titem,-diiapidated, : -de-: tached, and withlittleor no attempt At ardiitactnra," became more inagnificant -by ibeiong. distances which separated-them -and their grimauiniujidings .. An.acy-wind,-tbat-^rewmnre and mom rinlcnl&t; night-fall, congffltifid ail i-rlinarion for conversation . hot the: ,of these pilgrims mattered throngh icbntźeringieetb, ' 0oidbEsaken,-beastlj- hola, MaxJ" ' 2jot rcplisd.his .eompanixm.. " Łook ynndra", Tom i?' Tbć windj iccrEaEinein relocity, drove be-^ fate it the m nrky clonds thati^ad jeaad npan. thc^agi^-bill-tops, and- all atonca-cocldhe seenLbnadred TaaTtiBj,-inaTjtime, and graiesqoe shapes dearly- defined gjion the aky Shrisda of starsbeganto ^low with-womler- hriEiahcy, hat xh£.yotmgerinŁvrflfir-gazedlongmgly upon the minor-lights -of xhe jaiiroaddepot-thatsbime^fappefaily in the-dis-, "tance... The, wide portico of -a conntry -stone loomed in si^it-; cbeerfnl arrayE pf patent Uwłirinm withthdr gandy.ylftearifiaidorned l^ the:windoira:fheJjatira^tiLndj3rii^noa0d figure of anlndian majieitsnsmad iŁe - irreścDce ol tbbaccoto the -way-wom tearałtefc— andlomh^BC^BDfteawith -theaeagnK-Bf apptpaiinngxir2izofioŁduKJromJwz&tfcM; had day thatiBomething TOnid li^jCT h^; : hot: ptfxe's ^he blessed«ld fiaming^ss oi iŁeiiim-a 1 jll Aqppened-Six Ł^omtnrtrf -a^minute,: iena^ Tbraipobe.:.TCBgfpo.canttaajidiy 1 łusteast jrasiiriiBłge^łnon^ tó aid łimi in aas cnfeiTOri j^-oldaiHyigŁ^rnhlpd. - ^fiiT qririoi!;-^01 - ' his j^bi imrden to ^r-cornEtj- aiifaEaa sriie: slrag^eijio«iiaptit:ajf his: theaggafc; i^niroit^iu^rt ^^^Ihaak. .. a^ioanim iheiwBggtffijo^ ^abaófbiostfl^ecktmi'', : fS ," r •..,, ^•mwąęuBiU rttlntganny. ThaMMr 1..3..1—J ' thdr JjEadaan theiOar--» " " : ^ joy." HxK.-homt, littlebrowii"6adt.«bibh'qutofelv brought him round, bot Tom Tcmaroeś trouble, "łliiat" he said. "Only a blow on the les."Eaidłlai. "I shoaldolt sronder if thtire was ia black 3md blue *pot there as big ag yorn* hand:; "lint tbatii all.. I'm "tired'and hungrylat^p cat" Thwr "fc3" -to vprm » Kttle sopps- wfeich Tom brmight frma tbeiecejoie!! nf bia triiTeliing-i>aĘ. The tram started on, Mai re- ^Tcined 'tiiR ifbwrftorid tjomplcrton. 1 Pnycntly he "let bis head Tcst nprm his- beard, and closed his eyes in a light andjeasyiduiiihar. Tom dijtr a breaJh of relief. The "train incroraad in speed- As it wsnt "Bpiiraing mstthe rery cockles of poor Tom's heart 'warmed at the thought of home. He "polled *ip tbe collar - of his^xyverewt^ ertendad his tet nponthelnsorimia npholroery of 1he»ait Snx hstintotit pillow; -and: iin» railway traia. "With the moining name an amebaratjon of the eold, but it brought :with j tiog andmrni. Tlia ninn mites' m 3e at the rloRe tif -the second aay, over" an -izne^n conntry in a tomberisg'stage^Hnsh, wrong pomeanits:irtim Mtucatn®xnlBmatiBD5hat"wiL?; neaiiy iddn to a flroan^ hip leg had heen a litde .FtiS "when he got off die main. Tom thonglitit WMtbeiawkwardTOrationin which he had slept. He began now to be of the opinion that a touch of rheumatism might he fitthe&ottom; sf thetronble. Well giro it a rob with Some nf Antrt Btnla iinimnnr wbenve get home," said Tom, with s soft inflection upon the last word. -Tom wouldn't hats believed it possible be conldbnve been so ridiunlonsly glad to get backxo Btapidnld Baraesville^ he had been so groffifalto get away fromit, at that time, he had madeup bis^nind that in the whole rance łrftbe States he eonld not tumble tipon s dnlier. tnore pervcreely stagnant and exasperating spot than the village of which his father was so nrond. It nettled him beyond endmanoeaiter-he got back iram college to sec iris, iatber utand :with his hade to the' dininir.roomjgEate.ihiR hands folded beneath his coax tails, wid hold forth by the hoar upon the petty thetnes "disenssed in the City Council, of which he wRP Łn infiiiential mem*' b'ir. A sword hnng conspicaonsty over the mnntel- pieca. which seemed to Tom to crown theabsnrdity of the scenc. The little attention Tom had givento theiianiminaiy4.Daent5 dicing his eoilięiateeoaiseiiarois^.ius^ontenn: for the regiment »I home pnards st BarnEsville,nf whichhis father was-the nolonel, cjid "Łhe.uppmach oi Washington's birth-- day-j^niffhwind-JomtB" decjgion to join his friend ilai^ding .in that venture ont" in ihe Why, yon'd better Btay ail after the twenty-seeond,-" said Annt Em, who was' busy with silken Uagssad.Tosettes at a side table. you knoir. Yea," said- the eehsH^ ""I thongbt it jadimons .SD send tor America-^n—a—fact, I beiiesn she is to personate. the *xoddesB of I liberty;" tie is olII ior bcr aiie. yon know. 11 i-'ei. iominemihe wastaller st loorteen than -łnost^rls:at twenty. He-was exceedmglyfondandprondtrf hissister/bnthe went neverchelefts- Tomieft Barnesville with onta fiingle regret ^ndvenvad inhie heart thatmany a vear.shonld go by hetora he ditmld again soe the white bonaec«nd peen bEnds, andlittlo iront pii". deoF,snd«eat fxiiing^andelendaraawmgs of tlms Jttnd nsb^trees and jnaples that nt stated domain. This, young lad :<of twenty, in the innnoenoe arrogance of yontii, tbongbt of znanym lireły^jonst end-tonraament That uwahad him yonder, which made the 1 present plaeid sirroundinijs insipid heyonddegreer FiveyeaTBiiad irone by, lajid be wascoming back again, with aliroly respact forthefieshpoKof Egypt. liehad-spenrai 1 themont?y left him- by his dead mo^iaL, a«mGiderable Knm loaned him by his fathsr,3iotto mention rame little^arings of Annt Jim's; He had spent all this money,-and was nowing- har^ iar ttnrc: Xet be had not been: ^iven to notons living. Heavan insK' thesiinple fBTe trpon whaii be had- served,-tbe rougbOTimpnttie had worn. The mon ey fcad all gooein nnfnrtanate "rcntaramtheanining-dismcte.' His irieij d Max had risked and lost cven more than Tom. 1'ortune- wasw Sclde jade, and had led them a sad dance;: hut at last rfie liad vanned to tlieir iavour. nnd jiow the tide had-tor-" ned.. Ail this siewinvEHtaent wanted was a litttem< re capital and tbeirfortones weremade. Bis iather had a clear head for hnsinesB: it would he sn ea-sy matter to s^are .him that the ventone was a safe one, and at last the future wonld be secured- Tom thongbt thiś all over-ss they jogged along in the stagecoaoh, andastbefamiliaroldflandmaiisbegan to appear ho put down Ms oost isollar, brushed Jiis itat with bis sleeve, polled his jantaloonF down orer his hoots, and, began to ieel that be was .Tlw>mas Jefieraon" Barnes,: theonlyson of Oolonełiłamranf Barnesville, His dnjrfLf 'thitL,' ^eagw face grew moro and' more^nbilantae tbcftne iertiie Janfls of the old homestead were passed. Acra nffcer acre of orchard and. meadow and woodland were poingd^utaB ^heproparty ofOolond Barnes, and ^presently the jsded facaseshegan to pull npthehili:io the. big", sqoazs, nowiy ęaintad mansion .that icrownetl its summit. A crimson iliitDfi Irocri the ^ettiag- zsnn-'-hnmed -in eodi window^rane, & htandmeir -flag floated: from ® jrew ilB.g-aBBffi.Jend a .eecond ^iortwo nd-obsen^ryhadhaenaddediioaieelreBdy -finftand-hediraiediHulding. A iewriiooiBiat8rtiie?dder«f onr^nlgnaiK fcmndrihiniBrff arrayed -in thei one'^ertra snit fi^tohadntmmfflpan'Bl^soccasioiiri imaBaiUe"ipeaod:«A time -a-gidf aoat-'Wid ionod;*y ^tdeiaentB io b aozen'diSmst: pf inclining jforward'upon 'Sits heaiAriihaai^" jHtOEwhtó-detośted fajm 'hisiJtitetórnKnary-: 33w (adon^.-WBE^^^^h^ ' aoinBrBoitffflfeer»ina;:theimi(!n^i»^J» jst anajiaseoBiid; To«temaraa?t^^B^aJlCT , ,' '•••TlltWIiap^lliliiifair'iliirt" - wij riiainiirtilii heilOBp^iiErni^ M ^ hiB^BdshmeBih^tBilB^ liisaaBŁ" fax.wBE tomsented ćn ideathatiteraalapflaiomlytBEgmHrfLha^^bacy'tbat^iad: ^CTTTBlMffi^ifl^lfaflB' .-W mai; Trf^ilil -"-'^lamMBiK:'. Sry,« prominent iasycr'ln s wightwmigl «nd-a< eaodsdBte^ioc^tMi-S^Uan^ Epartuinnt, it resnlred ittalf into The door, through"whith^idisija taD alendfiręirl, -with" hare "shonltłem, and magnificent Mack btcb that Tctiitered the rest of her faeE palo bv eon. trast. Het ieans nnd neck, arms and "flngnrs. Mai thnaght,~were iSitfignred by "thains "and rings, and when he "toot her "ont to din nor, his stiS leg 'bccamo awkwardly entangled in feerlnn;; min: The"WB»diBr-b«iten :red in eboeks deepened, and he did 3mt Ten crwhow mroh be tras duinoneareed until Miss A-morinn beg^ed'of him -not to begin to hate her for the accident. Max howed with Btatnt and bIM otmsir, and wondered how -thin young 1 wtiTnan with the ridicnlons name -of America could bn the. little osWrthet Tom -so adored. She talked too mieb, asd Ai if she had known Max for yBareywbiói she had, in tro&,"!thnmgh her brtrfeer'B icttcrHVr sho was overdressed and too hanfesmeiTiijiS'too consraous"of a loveKness^iEtłfer -nCTEr cciaia admin? ; "sbe was- «ble te sterem adlowwtrof «otmtnKabe;imd: it wTK'wery^iffictillrte'tala! airt»dTtii eumuntimal ehitchat "when one had henn hnried^n ^el\esTtt»fŁcam«ifor"five"yesr8,' whidi- anyeensiblegirl "would know, Tind not' Ktare,nndnDtchattnr. " Of the" "Goddess iaf ISberty ^tyte^1 Max aid, jseMBfblly, ito himself. He was pixradsd to keep up with the rontine of "the meal, which TPHsnot only in xtrasm, but wrred' with too many silver and cut-glass fcccompanimenta for the simple convenience nf Max" Beiing. The variety"ćf forks alone became a study to bim. If America could onlvhare known the oauix of his-Tcxation and abstraction;^ might hav^Kavied her a deal nf future : trouble; she would have Iwgnn by pitying: bim," perhaps despising him ; but Tom had 1 led her to form tin exalted conception of his iriend'a cbaraeter," which her -own extraTagant imacination had completed: When > -poor Max. "was puzzling over the pectriiar - Ehape t>f one" of his cstra forks, America I thought he was deep m Tiome abstro le prohiem in metaphysics or mining matdiinery; in the mesnvhile the furtive and disturbed glances : sbe bestowed epon him were intETOreted into pity and ridicule by War, -and M these two really sympathetic and congenial natnres 1 misjudged eacb other. . Kevertheless. each drearaed of the other nil nightanatnralseqneneeto their ditoomtort in eacbotberijsociety. ToMaxittaoktheehspe " of nightmare. Hedreamedthatbewas stretched upon the raek ior rafnsing to disclose a state secret, nnd thgtthe beantifnl America, attired in a deoolleti eoscume of alternate -stripes of red; white, .and blm bimtini. presided at the instrument of torture. He a,woke to find tbat his leg was becoming the .theatre of some positive suffering. It was wore to the touch jnst below the knee,- and the red spot which bad formed thare wasinercaŁinc i"E si7.a- In spite of every effort to the contrary tie was compelled to relinquish his desire to walk overthe estate aftra- breakfast, and to accept the ignominious alternative of a drive in Americstepony-phaston. Heielt bigger tbantbeprsny nnd heavier than the phaeton; nnd what witn a vague nneasiness about hislag, jmd tiie presence of the lady executioncr.in his dranm, he was in no humour "to enjoy the drive. Ho was relieved, however,"to find that Amorica didnot heghrto charter, and thai-die wore a quiet sensible sort of salt buttoned up to the throat, with hat of some neutral color to match. Her hair-^ras brushed back nnd caught in a simple knot in her neck, so that, as die drove," Mai ".could: TeadilyadmirathE exquisite propordnns of her head. The morning was tine xndhreezy; the pony,Beemingly undretnrbad hy hisextcsioad trotxed cLocrin^ty along, shaking.his.shaf^y - mans,- and mating a. merry "rattle with hi s hoofs on tbe excellently conditioned road. The "rillage was ieft speieiiiy behind'and tbey' soon entered a woooland path where "in the nudo branches of tbe trera premMnne and amatory songsters were already proqneting for .peas.. The moss fibout the old gnarled roots looked fresh ajid green andin ashcitered - nookMax pointedout to America tbe first vio^ .letaof the. season. Stie tUrew him thexoina, and, ns she came back to Max -and gave the frail blossomsto his keeping, ho began to thaw with the rest o! natme, and to talk in a way that was new to Amariin, but -delightful. At first she thought he nas trying to suit himself to subjects that she could understand, his discourse was so simple and natural; but she soon gave up conjecturing, and yielding herself to tbe enjoyment of the hoar, became as natural and -as simple as himsalf. In this way they grevrto nndscsSmd each othertefore many miles had baen trotted over, and Max now fully at bis case and with a strangesense of happiness hitherto unknown to him, svetr went so fur as to tell .her of his drcam of the iligbtbefore. • "X assure you, Miss Barnes," he. said, " you really did give an extratccebw to the' torture witb your hands. I can. fee! it in -tblB miserable joist of mine yet" Sbe looked upon Max with in expression nf such eweet compttssion tbBt he hastened to add; 'Tm gladof the extra wrench -that disałded me,"for otherwise i ^umld -have heaitradging: •over bald-and boggy fields with yonr father and Tom, instead exploring this CT^trisitę hit tst woodland with yon. 5 ' "It isetrange, biit-^alBO dreamed of you," Laid America, gravely. " Oh, did yon, ia4eed J Well, he as frank-as wac, and tell me of your dream.". . " It was too xidicniotis,",said America ; and Max.saw tlie color cre^ into her (dear pale «cheek- TohiaiconfCEjoniliefdt iiis own beginning to tingle. ; " Could it have been more "ridiculous than tnine?" be said gently. "In another way," sbetqilied." I dreamed p that yottiBstaied mefcomaomethinghonible." JjEre®5i&htatiieddeq;>er,Bndpftnsed. . ioraty^ tod jfeitmlinłffiBtit wais not a dragón^':»nd;tiy tbatniaBithBy •n^ trotting , • Tom- Soxm. ^Mai;«ŁW-that:he was ^aleatid diBtarbed. •("let's. teltL-'a fairh" about tba Bronnda." Shea, aooong Jlhalt' Uax limped painfully., ŻfinatliWWS. 16" «EcJ«iriiBa*;- -flńttr-.'"®!.'. oiheŁconfopnaed jmigłjaBe that pinst be men 3U«ł'óiaeS' -TLiB.-ltt'lh^aiba^indraMa. slepŁ:in before. Tonudiat Jujdharrei-Sfcieidoor, Aud taśninH plo^ to his śto^i^AadthrwnŁii^ «ir 'o(c^isng&>Q:Kito«n arm-chair, he Baid, ih a ^ ... . . ruia nnd desolatimi. :. ^ iBlhEr-isrSxt doorto a bąggeŁ' 1 fŁIai hore fejs meirs with. re^igTOtina- He . tad hwn 3lłiińk{iig:^i^fTrnpmBaip ^ wrvhiiiimrtitBMBgBBioecf hwngriph. ': y^H^^te'hreltiia^.d^ June ^ iWłligjtfllffitk^iiil •llli.^wliMiil;»T^ • m « e • t t. Ammitł^łny-łiiata^' said Tom. Fortanaxaty for my father he has a daughter"beaatifnl and-wi=e enough to keen the wnlf W. h»y. It'a a lucky thing for Merry "she's not the kind of girl to hobnoh with poverty. S' r'l! see to my father and Aunt Em. , As for rae, the pick and pin nf e minBr— Bat what .in thundia-—Irey ! 'fax, my boyi 0 * Max wns abaking and ohnttering in a congeativę ehiH ; his "face was liri^ ; his rails purple. Tom got his friend to bed, and sem ior a doctor «t onoe. Max acramblod ou: ol the ahitlixtto "a fever. "Some tronbla witb the bone," said tli« doctor, '" Brincp nbont a nasty complieation sometimes. Keep the patient quiet- jnr.: now." Wiiich was easier r^aom-mnnJed than done. Max tossed and Tumbled and talked wildly, and with an nnneoessary form of patriot!sni. Tom thnnght, About Arueriea and theOoddass. of Liberty. • "Ill itTe her, Tom;" whispered Max— •TTI fiSxeherif 1 die "forit. I did onoe, yon know." " Save who, Jny poar Mai ? " said Tom. " Wliy' the ftoddess, you know—the iioddess nf Liberty! She's tnrning tbe screws again is that scctmisd rack, but she don't know it. TTbo would have believed she could ha-ra bcen so simple and womanly and sweet ? —us fresh and wire, before Heaven, Tom, jis the "riolets she hold in her hanfi. i hausd her bv gas-light in her low dress, with all those gewgaws abopt her." Tom aawthat his sister's face was red and pale by turns. Perhaps yon'd hotter go out nf the" room, Merry," he said. " God only knowsrwhnt fancies bnset his brain." 'Merry thought she knew; file fancied she could tst! of a certain Venetian łase that held the ray violets Max raved about. The violets in the Venetian vase were dead; others had "taken tbeir place; March ripened into April, and April was fast verging to Mar, and mill poor Max was a prisoner in that fine Insurious "Upper chamber in tbe colonel's hoasest Barnesville. His leg bad all this time been under treatment, and tbe doctor thought it possible by a series of probings and applications tn effect a temporary cure. " Tbe core of the disease will probably remain for a longer period, 1 ' said tbe physician, •• but the physiqne of the patient will bring him round when he ean get air and exercise." " Max's fine physique, however, began to be rather against him than in his favor. The doctor leaned to the opinion that be wonld prefer a more sanguine temperament. In the jppJUiwhite the most of Miss America's time was spent in tbe vicinity of the'siek-ehttmbca, A wonderful aptitude as a nurse had developed itself in this versatile young woman, and she had even sbown a rare ability in concerting broths and dainties to tempt a jaded appetite. As usual, she devoted herself to this new hobby with enthusiasm. " She gives her whole heart "to everything she undertakes,^ said the colonel, apologetically, to a visitor wbo had called several times and found it impossible to see the daughter of the house; " bat this mania will spend itself like all the rest, and then she wont want "to- hear of a sick person for a twelvemonth." The colonel's auditor smiled complacently, and began to talk of other things. Although there was something amounting to a betrothal bctroen himself and the lady in question, his mind also was preoccupied and absorbed. An unlooked-for complication had arisen in his own affairs. His grandmother had altered her will; and left more than two- thirds of her property in a way that might occasion Mr. Fry considerable tronbla. He was compelled to eo out and sen the old lady, and had called to bid Meny a brief farawcll. Under these circumstances the young woman consented to dome down. She left the hot hand of Max and his eager, devouring eyes, for tbe cool, elamnjy paSm and the foxy gaze of her promised husband. Meny found, as they stood together, that sbe really was a half head taller than Mr. l''ry, &s; Max had once laughingly told her. She looked down upon the dapper little man with grave courtasy, and left her hand in his own, but he saw that her manner was constrained and her attention wandering, "I won't keep yon from your studies. America;" lie said; " I'm in somewhat, nl a hurry myself ; I must catch tbe noon train." Then he went on to toll her that his interests witti 'his-grandmother were seriously threatened, and his presence was necessary out there fora short period; that ho wonld write, and' he hoped she would find time to reply. "America promised she would write, and began for the. first time fince their engagement to find it absolutely repugnant to her to have his thin lips touch her own. He was ordinarily a cold, he impassioned wooer, and was not a whit wanner now than usual; but custom : required that he should kisi her good-bye. America yielded to the brief caress, butit was only when he Was well nut on the ^portico, with Ms hat ion, and barely time to catch the train, that her manner warmed to the occadon or the impatient ci- imson abated is her cheeks. On hor wąv hack io Hflj'-S chamber she Ktoppal in her owir, and laved her face, her lips; and wadwd well iua- hands. She met the doctor in the corridor, and behind him ' was evidently ' another professional gentleman. They both walked graraly and silently down the. stairs to the lower hall, where tbe cnlond was^jacing to and fro, his hands -benanth his cost tails: " Ahem! "5'eoughedthecolonol, sympathetically. " What is the ultimatum?" " Just me I said," replied Ihe family phystcian : an amputation ts necessary to save the lile; but he objects—siren nously and viblautiy refuses." Merry ran op theatainr withcnt waiting to hy thehedi9ide, : his facednnjad'Oi his hands. - , , H^isyour eBd^:T<mir J said Max, witb a warning infindija in his araioe; «nd holiing onthis hand to tlie yoonggirl with ilia usoal checiyBniile. " ronnfiedn'ttry to cymoealanyihias-from me," iho saiiL: " I khow all about it ; l am Btadyfnir hje&aiieand; eurjeiy, sod meanto be a phyocUn. Now "that the :«v3r*t has come," we can- meet it bravely. You'll get wclland Ktxong,and be yoarseif again, Max; snd,aftereS,aJi old aoldieramely don't miad "the losa -of a leg." ' Thffi Tom, seeing a look ol distress io face, told Meny fey the ftcnttimn of the xeseo& oitheold woman- . " H ahe had boen young,or even jiretty," "^ttt^ahe-traa a yedt^e an iidedioiiB carBe aboiiit her. . .Bar all. hones mis^hfc'Aetter. have been:groond. to powder te have hrong^it all this ahont, forahc hada^toigto lirffan anyoasc^-botaia* was "•^tfdJULw daoó tiie aanu thing," Ba5d; Max;:-.'iflhadMt*ntidp»h)dy<ra.'* >"I1?isbiI lia,'V:cri6d:®ojn—widi to heaaex it was XHiali liadtb obooie - ibetwoen yi^iadxny^i theieg -woold go nri^ity " nd. boOuaxe ^of iilił^«aoaBet.: Voatauiv, 1 - Hese ^m^sawi^thai^ńEaisliBr iiad teadwd lbfidacic, «nd ara»4wkaaing *um bat «f ths Wwmf he door was cławdwpon the aidtJohamber, to get more doctArs if neacsssxy—to spare no exprosa. I've—I 've rot money of mamma's you knew, T.om, 1 ' she stammered, gently— "that dear-mamma loft me formy own." Tom nodded. That money of their dead mothor'a was bound to go in some way. ' • '' Hut Max-has not oonssnted," said Tom. It dowrn'tmatter," said Marry; "It must !>o done. He'll know nothing about it till all ii over. Ho you go aftar the doctors, and I'll ?cf tn tlie re^t. 1 ' 1: socmed to Tom that the remaining hours ot that day -n-cnt bylilusa qneor, awfuldmam. lie rcmombrtj- cil bringing the doctors atealtliily in, .md becon-i::-:- conscious of a.-faint odor —«:i:twnmpi, sweel, overpowering-—that filled tin: lor.m immodiataly afterward, of holding hi ę sisrflr'tight in his arms in the adjoining cbamher wnile sonwthing terrible was going on inside there, and during an agonizing tension of his .nerves, latar on, iitłATiricr a terribla cry burst from the lips of poor Max. "Gradona tłodi" lie groaned, "whose TrorkwEs'this? " " lEnel" said Merry. '• Did yon think I wonld lot yni: dir, ?" It would have taken a stronger man than Max to have tcmort away "from that boaotifnl, earnest, pallid face- now caressingly close to bis otvn. Tom looked on in speechless and rart dismay, rcmcmbaringhis fathm-'s perilous pUf&i.; Max remained and bewildered, but after that iirst outcry made no complaint. The operation was eminently successful. Tho doctors rubbed their hands over it, and ouio^ gised the system, the patient, each other, everythingand everybody concerned. A speedy convalescence and radical riddance of the whole disorder was prophesied. But days went by—weeks—& month and more and still Max lay under the silken canopy, liis face as waxen and weak-veined as that of a sick infant, his eyes unnaturally bright and hollow, bis hands feverish, and bis whole aspect tit to strike terror tn tho hearts that remained steadfastly hut diispairingly fond. " Lite ia swspt. Tum." Max said one day. " I never thought it couldhoid so mccb happiness; hu; you sec, 1 can't. I must n<,t live—it would be too cowardlj: them's no other way out of it bat to die. Would you see vonr incomparable sister tied for life to a pauper and a cripple—ths wife of a one-legged tlag-manat a railwav crossing, or accompanying his efforts with a i;ordy-gurrfy upon a tambourine V Then ri>memhor the desperate condition of your father. My good Tom, it is a hopeless case." It wa9 along speech for pnsr Max. (Treat bends started nut on hia forehead, and his voice had sunk to a whisper before, he was half through with it. Hat it told the wholo story. •• We migbt take Merry's r.ioney into consideration," id 'IV;n, tii.r, pivusfid, TGmemhoring th:. 1 insufficient quantity there was to take. Tom plunged.his hands da>por into his hair, and wished there was a banl; somewhere adjacent. and he was an A 1 tip-top burglar with an elastic conscience, lie felt positive that only a few thousand dollars would develop the mine to such an extent that another leg would be a superflaity to Max. One magnificent morning in Juno. Katnre was at lier happiest, at her best. Tho long windows of Max's chamber were opened to the full; the branches of the sycamores tempered the rays of the sun and subdnedthe frolic of the breeze. A celastial silence reigned in the garden below, where the tulips blazed, the ninks exhaled spicy odors, stiff parterres of blossoms wore made wanton by bees and baiterili£3, and paie-phantoms oi statues wcra robed and relieved by a prodigality of reflected color and shade : the birdssang, the bees-hummed, all in an undor-tone oi dreamy delight. But tbe paie lips of Max broke into an old rhyme that somewhat marred the voluptuous ease of the moment : Oli, to think my name is crossed From duty's master-roll— Th&l; 1 may Rlrcmboi- throngh tho clarion call. And live the joy of nil emlmrlied sowl. Frftc as a libera tri ghost! Oli, to fad a life of dmd ^Vas emptied mit to feed That tin: nf pain tłmt hnnind sn brief a »lii|»— That tiretrom which 1 coinf nr. thn dead enmo Tartb tram tho irrepar&blo; tomb !" Two human beings in the next room looked nt eacb otbfii in speechless dismay. Tom shook his hea-i. aud let it fall, with a gesture of despair, npon his hand again; and Merry, to control litr nerves picked np n paper that had lain upon tho table since the previous day. A scaled letter, addressed by -the same hand, had remained there «ven longer. They wera both from the Western town whero Mr. Fry was still sojournmc. His grandmother had died in the interim, wnicb pailiativecalamitv tbreatenodforthercamplioatioasanda longei- delay. Merry oiwned the paper and read it with her eye:; clone; the nerva that oonnected the organ of vision with her brain was doryintit and paralyr>ed. Tho .id vertiwmfints, boing in largary print, she readfirKt. Presently hereycsfełi upon thetollowing; " If the tall, brown-whiskersd gentleman who, on tho -evening of the ISth of March, near the depot at , rcsenod an old lady from being run over, and immediately afterward, with his companion, took tbe train oastward, will communicate with H. K. Fry, solicitor, he will hear of something greatly to his advantage." Merry read this-over shroud times, some- times repeating tbe words half aloud to get their meaning, her eyes gradually gaining intelligence and expression. Then she turned to the neglcotsd letter and broke the seal. Her handa .trembled, audher lipspaitodeagerly. »Sho. drifted overthe .letter till slie reached the following passage; And this, dear Amorica, is the story the absurd old lady told: that wliila crossing'theetreet she Etumhlnd,and a waggon Totdingdoirii the hill would have in. erit&blygon;ęorer har boditjiot becnior thia. tal 1 d(iavcr«>r, who seized bftrin bis urn anA carried faar to the corner; thath.i mw himselfi stmok by ttiepole of the waggon, bat apparently tmhutt,'tookthe eastwardtrain. And to> this mythical knight," added Mr. Fry, "my grandmother hasleft one.half her money and her sham in the mine. The money alone will nmonntto sixty thonsandldoUara. Bot I doubt if lie can bo found very: soon, and in the mean while I am the exoentor isnd adminiHttator of the estate." Merry's eyes liad dilatsd to on enomons extent; a crimson flame baiaei in baj-cfeook. Tbeletter and'newBpaparahc dubshedin har hand, and striding over to Tom, touched him npon (he shoulder. Tomlooked np aad was startled to £nd thia maęniflnent feca ^glaiine dawn upon hiin. Morry thmxt" Ihe. paper into his hand, and pointed to the aołioitor'« advertisenKat. Tom read,and Um{»per began to rattle in hia fingera. Than Alerry. pushed :(he open letter upoo the papar, and painted to tiie int«Ret)ng )Uiagiaph. Tan> read,, aud his faoe flrew palB ashes. Ha~ shortly arose to bis ieet^-to thstendaal his. toss, aad lifting t&e;'.letxer above hii. head, went piwt>gttłng:ao>Ptid, tfaełoom, Binguię in . Ig* łMta»tpUyiBei>ok»c, Tfaneoialoair* TUanosnafni toniohad io te A i ^ to Maiminn«łldoses;:bat«« vaattntur the «f th* Bawiewaiei^/uwriije. soma-'tcontha 'later r on.": It *aa a ltmMhw 45t of dMtoBUK . bat the >i)Hh fcf ft <»iaB««Biih łian that'the bridal fixcunionof ćbehaunr pair—which wasfe rather a bornm ditwjtioa for a eotrvxtasoait, howeror^—indoded •^bSoto Visit to a" prospwrwisxjtlne, and tfcat , •the sole ( u l n A t w n w M 4tam*«u- "onr Gsteimwd''łen^4owj«ni»n' "TiSnaajJ iXdfaMon Bunas, 'EŚBi^^UwtijrottJBt hrida."— fltoyert mAty. 