\- AMUSEMENTS. Wilson's Opera House, commenced its sixth and last week of " Tho Strategist" on Saturday. Mr Wilson must bo considerably gratified with the results of the Polk season. He is now in New castle for tbc purpose of making preliminary arrangements for the visit thero of the Folk Comedy Company. As a scenic aitist, Air Wilson is well nnd widely known, and the reputation he has gained as a caterer to public taste is sufficient guarantee that the piece will be placed upon tho Btsge of tho coaly city in a most satisfactory manner. It has had the longest run of any comedy in the colonics, and it is only prior engngemont of the Opera House that prevents its conttnuauce wteks longer in Sydney. The company opons at Newcastle on thu 7th instant. It i9 announced elsewhere, thnt the Dnaning Opera Troupe will make a first show at the Opera House next Satur day in suothei vsision of " Boccacio." The Gaiety Tin aire had a moderato house on Saturday night to witnesa " Hamlet," wilh Mr Sheridan nnd Miss Davenport in the leading roles. There is nothing of interest to report in connection with this performance, save it is to note the ad vent cf Mr Sam Poole, who appeared as tho first grave-digger and as uuiidenotern. iio is n very decided "acquisition to tho Gaiety company. Mr J. P. West played tho Ghost in a stylo not alto gether unlike a Domain orator. Air A. Baker, as Bernardo, waa far more successful in rendering himself invisible than the real spectre, Mr Sheridan, of course, acted uti to his usual form, and it is hardly necessary to say more than Hist. His performance was a Shakes perian treat, ronrred although it was to some extant by bis surroundings. Aiiss Davenport looked as' en- trancing as ever as Ophelia, and Mr F, Catcs showed a great improvement in his first rendi tion of Laertes, To-night "Camillo" is an nounced, with Mr Sheridan and Miss Davenport sustaining the leading roles, " Oatnille," as our-- readcrs may know, is the dramatiscJ version of Alexandra Dumas' (tils) novel " La Datno aux Camellias;" on which tho opera " La Traviatn," is founded, Mr Sberidnn pourtraysArmand, and Miss Davenport the heroine, Alexandre Dumas' play has never before been performed in this colony by Mr Sheridan, and tho emotional nature of it is tucli thnt it ought to command much interest. Alisa Davenport ought to make a charming " Camille," The Theatre Royal attracted another extenslvo audience on Saturday night, every available seat being taken ' to witness tho tragic mysteries, and the persecuted virtue of " Romany Rye," A concert was given nt the Kent-street Ragged School on Thnrsdny evening last, before a large audience, composed of tho scholars, with their parents and friends, by the choir of the Balmain Presbyterian Church, assisted by Airs 1 aire?, under the able leadership of Air A, Bowen. Tire different items on tho programme were rendered in a very phasing and effeciivo manner, nnd tho ringing cheers accorded to tho lady and gentlemen per formers at the close of the proceedings testified to the pleasure experienced by thoso present. Air Bowruaker, city missionary, occupied tho chair, and on behalt ut the audience expressed the hope that the visit of the choir would soon be repealed, 