More Sinned Against Than Sinning. By SlLVERLEAF. The managing partner of the firm of D'Arcy Brothers remained long after business hours in his office, deeply immersed in his books. The hard line of his mouth and the rugged frown on his brow proclaimed that his task was no pleasing one, for each hour of inspection was deepening in him the belief that the firm was the victim of a long series of frauds and falsifications. Their clerk had obtained a week's holiday, and during his absence John D'Arcy had determined to satisfy himself as to some suspicions which had been float- ing through his brain uneasily for some time past. The implicit reliance he had placed in the young man, his own easy temper, and rather indolent habits had placed tempta- tion in the way; and Rupert Vivian, with handsome face and figure and expensive habits, had embezzled from his employers to an enormous extent. As John D'Arcy's conviction deepened into certainty, he blamed himself unsparingly for his supine negligence. On him devolved the whole management of the business, for his elder brother was an invalid, and merely a sleeping partner, and he in his foolish faith in another had been unfaithful to his trust. On leaving the office he hastened to the police station to lay an information against his dishonest clerk. When the officers of justice, however, reached the house of Rupert, they discovered that he had been absent for some days, and a search of his belongings proved that every thing of value he had taken with him. About this time a vessel bound for San Francisco ran down a small boat near the Heads ; it was dusk, and the boat, managed by unskilful hands, had rushed to her fate. The single occupant had evidently had the intention of boarding her, but this could not be known with certainty. Fragments of the boat were picked up, and a hat with the name of Rupert Vivian in it ; but the unfortunate man had probably received some injury which had either killed or stunned him, for he could not be found, and the vessel pro- ceeded on her way, sending a report by the pilot of the occurrence. The tragic fate of the young man, who was evidently endeavouring to escape from justice, made some little stir at the time ; and then, like a nine days' wonder, was forgotten. Vivian had one intimate and associate, a fellow-clerk, a man of gentlemanly appearance but sinister aspect. Rightly or wrongly, after the discovery of Vivian's defalcations, Mr. D'Arcy suspected this man of being an accomplice, or even the originator of the frauds, and on the first excuse sug- gesting itself dismissed him. ***** Many miles away from bustling, busy Sydney, nestled amongst towering hills, is a beautiful little township ; in the valleys the teeming earth produces maize, wheat, and fruit in abundance, and the hills have not yet been tunnelled for minerals. The population is a purely agricultural one, and the people are wonderfully untravelled and unsophisticated. Every house has its garden and orchard, and in that lovely valley— where the summers are never very hot, nor the winters cold— the hardy children grow up in strength and beauty, and troop off to the school whose bell summons them. The schoolmaster and his wife are kindly people; she (poor woman) overwearied and burdened by the cares of her great family of little children. As assistant in the school, a young girl had been recently appointed, fair Alice Leslie ; not beautiful by any means, but with such a look of good- ness and intelligence shining out of her eyes that it won hearts more easily and securely than mere beauty could do. She resided with the schoolmaster's family, and would often relieve the weary mother by taking the baby and little toddlers for a ramble. She would sing for them, make paper boats, and tell them stories, until they loved her almost as much as their mother. Many a rough young farmer sought the schoolmaster's dwelling, happy if be might only bask in her smiles and listen to her gay rippling laugh and sweet voice, though too shy to pay her any attention save that of love-lorn looks. Alice Leslie was an orphan. Alone in the world except for some rich relations with whom she refused to live in the miserable position of a dependant, she elected to earn her own living, and her personal friends had washed their hands of her ; and she was happy— happy in her daily duties,'happy in the kindly feeling that was shown to her by young and old ; and if she dreamed sweet dreams of a happier future, and built fairy castles, they but added to her happiness and sweet content. She had been obliged to reject the offers of several well- to-do farmers, expressed in rough, awkward phrase, or by literary efforts amusing in their vague, ill-spelt affection ; her dainty ways and ladylike habits could ill assort with their primitive uncouthness ; but though she rejected their love, she retained their friendship. A change was coming into her life — a variety she little dreamed off. When she had been about six months a dweller in the sweet valley of Carbrook, the one storekeeper in the township engaged a young man to assist him in his books. John Fraser had grown rich through long years of patient industry : he had not merely been the store- keeper of the district, but the buyer of all the produce of that fair valley — grain, fruit, tallow, hides, wool, sheepskins, hay, all came into his hands ; and dealing in these commodities had been far more profitable to him than to the original producers. His wife suggested, and he was not loth to act upon the suggestion, that he should not work so hard, but employ a bookkeeper. An advertisement had resulted in his choosing from a number of applicants a young man of prepossessing appearance and gentlemanly manners, and whose business-like habits showed that he was quite qualified for the post. He was handsome, with a certain sort of beauty, but the smallness of the nose and the effeminate mouth and chin would have been better suited to a woman's face, and pro- claimed weakness of character, whilst the habit of shaving the face clean made him appear very youthful. Alice first saw this new comer at church, and was at- tracted by the noble figure and clear-cut face. The attrac- tion proved mutual, for Arthur Kermode sought an intro- duction to the schoolmaster, and soon became a constant guest. The sympathy of musical and literary tastes drew the young people together, and they soon drifted into that sweet love-dream that comes once to all. Nothing was known of Kermode's antecedents, and Alice did not care to inquire ; she only knew she loved with the whole force of her deep, passionate nature— only knew that it would be happiness to give up life itself for him who had won her heart. As for the young man himself, if ever true unselfish passion stirred the heart of man, it stirred him, and if a shadow from some past ever flitted across him, he cast it from him, and vowed to live only in the present and the future. The wooing was a short one, and the wedding simple John Fraser, pleased with his employee, and charmed with his choice of a wife, had, as a wedding present, raised his salary, and let him at a low rent a pretty little cottage he owned, embowered in living green, with its orchard of noble trees. How happy they were, ' the world forgetting, by the world forgot,' they passed many months of such hap- piness, that if all life were like it, this world would satisfy, and leave no yearnings for another and a better one. Arthur maintained a strict silence as to his past history, and his young wife, seeing he did not care to discuss the subject, with her perfect confidence and love, never alluded to it, or asked for fuller trust, saying to herself, 'When he knows me better he will give me his entire confidence, as he has given me his love.' The bank, which supplied all the fiscal wants at Car- brook, had lately been making some changes, the manager had found the work too much, for him unassisted, had applied for a clerk, and the new arrival had been forwarded by coach. On Arthur Kermode's first visit to the bank, after the installation of the new clerk, he returned so ghastly pale and trembling that he had to request permission to retire, on the plea of sudden illness. This was readily granted, and he hurried home. Alice was full of pity and con- sternation, and was anxious to administer remedies, but he impatiently chequed her solicitude, saying : ' I've seen a ghost, that's all — a ghost of the miserable past that I thought was buried for ever. Leave me, I cannot bear even your presence just now.' She left him, and he shut and double-locked the door, while her poor loving heart ached as she listened hour after hour to the incessant pacing to and fro of restless feet. How hard for her to bear ! Her darling in trouble, and she not able to comfort him ! At length he emerged, looking older and more careworn. A settled resolve was on his face, which gave its weak lines some strength. He eagerly drank the tea her loving hands provided him ; but could eat nothing. Alice hoped now that he would confide in her, but he merely said : ' There will be a man here to- night, the new clerk at the bank. He will probably be a frequent visitor. Be civil to him; but admit him to no friendship, and hold no con- verse with him you can avoid, for he is a bad man, an utterlv evil, and unprincipled one ; not a bold daring villain, but a sneaking and underhand one.' ' Then why, Arthur, do you have anything to do with him ? Don't let this serpent intrude into our Eden.' 'I must, Alice, I cannot avoid him, cannot shun him.' ' But why ? ' queried the loving wife. ' Not even to you, my darling, can I tell the miserable secret, only that that man has been my evil genius, and I not offend or quarrel with him. I am in his power.' Alice's lips formed the words to beg for full and com- plete confidence, but a gesture of impatience checked her, and frightened she knew not of what, she hastened to bathe her husband's throbbing head, and cool the fever in his veins ; fondly, tenderly, she ministered to him, till she was alarmed to see him burst into a violent fit of weeping, as he passionately implored her to forgive him, for having linked her life with his ill-omened one. With loving word and gesture she soothed his agitation, till, exhausted with the violence of his emotion, he sank into sleep, his head pillowed on her loving breast. He woke refreshed, and hastened to remove all traces of disorder from his dress and appearance, and to nerve himself for the coming of his un- welcome guest. The dwellers of the quiet township were disposing them- selves to rest, when a low tap was heard at the door of Arthur Kermode, it was instantly opened, and the guest ad- mitted. Had Alice not been prepossessed against Charles Roches- ter, she might have thought him an agreeable, gentlemanly man; but she eyed him with a shrewder gaze, and saw in the cruel mouth and eyes, near set, a spirit of cunning and evil. She soon retired, leaving her husband and guest together. Their voices at first were so low, that thin as the walls were, she could only hear the indistinct murmur of voices but soon angry words arose, and she heard the stranger say, ' Have you forgotten that if you refuse I can crush you? Don't be a fool, man.' 'You may have me in your power,' said Arthur 'but you dare not exercise it. I should proclaim who was the instigator of all my misdeeds, and who profited by them. You got the lion's share, whilst all the work and risk fell on me. If I have been a scoundrel, you are a double-dved one.' ' Where are your proofs ? ' sneered Rochester. 'Why, even D'Arcy, although I know he suspected me, could not refuse me a testimonial as to honesty and ability.' ' You are the Devil incarnate, I believe, you will goad me some day into taking your miserable ill-spent life,' Kermode passionately. ' Don't put yourself in a passion,' said the other with friend-like coolness. ' All I want you to do is, when my boss is away spending the Easter holidays with some of his squatting friends, to first help me empty the bank safe and then gag me, and tie me hand and foot, to make it appear that I have been stuck up. You will get £500 for your trouble, and with the haul I make, I will, after an interval resign my position in the bank, and leave for America and will never trouble Australia again, so that you will be rid of me. Now what do you say, will you do it or not, you have a month in which to make up your mind, 'To be, or not to be, that is the question' ?' ' Not to be, then,' said Kermode, furiously, ' tempter, fiend, devil, whatever you are, I defy you. I will go the first thing to the bank manager and reveal your precious scheme. I have been weak enough in the past, but I will be strong for the future.' ' Very well, then ; but, mark my words, I will be before- hand with you. I will tell that it was your proposition to me and that I rejected it with scorn, and that it is in revenue for my non-compliance that you will make the charge. You know how your past history will tell against you, the embezzling at D'Arcy's. Here your real name and description are in the police books, although you have disguised yourself by cutting off your flowing beard. There is nothing in my past that will reflect upon me. My word would be taken be- fore yours ; you know the result. How would your baby- faced wife like to know that her husband is a felon, and to see him dragged off by troopers to break stones in Darling- hurst? You are not alone now, remember.' ' God help me,' said Arthur, with a groan ; ' poor girl, I wish I had never crossed her path ; better, far better if I had never been saved when that vessel cut my boat in pieces. Do with me what you will, so that you spare her.' 'I am glad to see you are in a better frame of mind. I will see you again to arrange details ; and, as it will be better that our former acquaintance should not be known, our meetings must take place in secrecy ; so farewell for the present and he let himself out into the dark night, for the sky was overclouded, and the wind howled and moaned around the house as if it were the cry of a lost soul, it must not be supposed that Alice heard the whole of this conversation. She had heard her husband indignantly reject some proposal, and the fact that he was in this stranger's power ; but the subsequent conversation was in too low a tone for her to hear : but her heart was oppressed with the shadow of coming misfortune. From this time her husband was attacked by fits of gloomy oppression. He was not less loving, but his tender- ness was mingled with remorse. He frequently met Roches- ter, occasionally in the house at a late hour ; but more often out of doors in some secluded spot. The favourite rendezvous was a bend in the watercourse which intersected the valley. At this place was a deep hole, rejoicing in the lugubrious name of Dead Man's Hole, so called from a wretched drunkard having committed suicide there. Each meeting told upon Arthur. He became haggard and worn; lost appetite and strength. As the time drew near for the robbery, his agitation became pitiful, and Alice implored him to tell her fully all that was trou- bling him. She could help him, she was sure, if he would only give her the chance. But as he looked into her pure eyes he shrank from the revelation. How could he tell her that he was a criminal, not suffering the penalty of his misdeeds only because he was supposed to have perished in the endeavour to escape with his booty?' ? So he put her off, and would not listen to the voice of his guardian angel. That night, however, he did not meet Rochester, and that worthy, not finding his confederate at the meeting sought him in his home. Arthur once more defied the tempter and dared him to do his work. He was met by sneers and taunts that goaded him to madness. Beside himself with rage, he sprang at his enemy and seized him by the throat, threw him down, and with the strength fury and despair fastened his fingers around his throat, tightening and tightening their grasp, till the tongue pro- truded and the eyeballs started. He was recalled to himself by a shriek, and the cry, 'Oh, Arthur, what have you done ? You have killed him!' He released his grasp and gazed fearfully at his handi- work. ' He can't be dead,' said he. ' I meant to kill him, but he could not die so quickly.' He felt the heart, the pulse. There was no answering beat ; it was too true. Charles Rochester, with all his black sins unrepented of, had hurried from time into eternity. Alice was as if turned to stone; she neither moved nor spoke, but gazed with horror-stricken eyes at the now stiffening corpse, while Arthur writhed in the agony of remorse. A thief ! A murderer! Oh, terrible ! Something must be done ; he must get rid of the body. He was a powerful man, and, nerved by the strength of despair, unaided, he raised the corpse upon his shoulders and left the house with his guilty burden out into the black night—out into never-ending misery. As if his departure had removed a spell, no sooner had he disappeared than Alice sank to the floor in a swoon. This was succeeded by a dangerous illness, and a little child was born that night, to just gasp out its little life in a few short hours. Delirium succeeded, during which Alice did not, strange to say, talk of the terrible events which had occurred, out of the happy days, her love and her trust. Meanwhile the town was in an uproar about the dis- appearance of the young bank-clerk ; all sorts of surmises were rife, which were set at rest at last by the dragging of the Dead Man's Hole, when the body of the missing man was brought to light. Suicide was the first impression, but then there was a horror of a darker deed, as fingermarks were discovered on the throat, and every voice clamoured for the murderer. It was rumoured that the police had a clue— the dead fingers clutched a man's necktie. Arthur Kermode walked as a man in a dream. He thought every eye looked askance at him, and he dared not look any one in the face. The day the body was found he went home to be met at the threshold with the news that his wife had recovered consciousness, but was sinking fast. With words of love and forgiveness on her lips, her pure spirit passed away. As if a weight were lifted off him, he uttered a fervent ' Thank God ! Now I can face the worst!' There was Babel of sounds without, but he did not stir till a hand was placed upon his shoulder, and the words were hissed in his ear, 'I arrest you, in the Queen's name, on the charge of wilful murder.' He uttered no remonstrance—only begged to be left for a quarter of an hour with his dead wife. They agreed, having first searched his person and the room for articles with which he might take his own life. Then they left him alone with his dead. When the time was up they entered; but another hand had arrested him. Kneeling beside the bed was the body of Rupert Vivian, long known as Arthur Kermode. A spasm of the heart had killed him. 