ORIGINAL FOETBY. ODE LADY. Thp ladj South Australia is sick e'en unto death; . . How lean and hollow is her cheek, how feeble is her breath. Obi eon it .be the youthful maid, bo promising and fair, Muft thus -untimely fade away, and leave us -to.deapqir? Her doctors who should tend her health, how galling 'tis to know That they—the canning, selfish quacks—hare. . laid, the lady low. They gave her physic—baneful stuff—and, smiling, called it good— The land laws pill, 'twas made to kill and sugared to delude: A costly drug, robs health and pnrse, and leaves the wretch undone— A spectral sight of debt and blight—a living skeleton! The cockatoos.ber darling birds, all weaiy, droop the. wing ; They feel her,state, deplore her fate, and thus they sadly sing • "The drought and ted rust we could bear, but, Jih! .those doctors vile, They torture us to death each day, and at our torments smile. The :shadowsof our former selves, a ghastly : band Are we— . "Who sees us once will ever pray such sights . • no more to see; . Half fed, half dead, hope, pleasure fled, and fallen, too, so low, Imploring aid from those who made our bitterest draught of woe." "Ah, well-a-day," the lady cries, " these men haveruined me— Poor sheep, -made mortals, gold hath placed where they should never be j So big they've grown with empty pride naught else but self they see. They sell my lands at such a price that, if the truth be told, The fools who buy have cause to cry 'tis we, a1as,aie sold. A pound an acre is the price for mallee scrub and stoneB, What wonder, then, both day and night, I hear appealing moans— My subjects crying still for help. O, cease ye to repine, Who have the power their rights to claim 'tis cowardly to whine— (Degenerate race, such crouching Blares it makes me blush to see)— The true and brave nought can enslave, they die or shall be free ; A noble virtue 'tis to bear, but not to bear too long— The time is past, arise at last, 'tis crime to sufFer wrong. Beyond the rainfall come, ye birds, whom sum mer suns half. roast, Give, up your. lands of burning sands ere I give up the ghost. And yon, Port .Lincoln limestone birds, come, let your farms alone, How dare ye sow and hope to grow aught else but woe on stone! Come one and all at Freedom's call while ye have steength to save Yonr rights, your lady, and yourselves from an nnhonored grave." T. B., Fort Lincoln. 