ECHOES OF MELBOURNE. (Il- Y TH GytOST.) t August 4. 1 Parliament has been on its best bo. haviour. For not only has it made good e progress with the work of legislation, but o both Houses have sat during the three d days which the law makers of the country F devote to the business of the people. o Such diligence on the part of honourable an menmbers of the Legislative Council at the n commencement of a session is almost un. paralleled. Their "lordehips" have, in a former years, except when called upon tl hurriedly to p-ass bills sent up from-the oi Assembly at the tail end of the session, p boon compelled for sheer lack of some- w thing upon which to exorcise theirl legislative abilities to adjourn from ct Tuesday to Tuesday, meooting only 0l to part again. Now, however, they d are kept fully occupied, and often tl prolong their sittings until ton o'clook at si night. The Council is, inalrort, asserting h itself' as a co-ordinate branch of the w Legislature. It has even had its "scene," ns and thus given token of its vitality. The Assembly has verified the saying o0 anent all work and no play making Jack ir a dull boy. Honourable members have e been paying so much attention to their al duties that very few episodes worthy of b comment have occurred, There has a( in truth, been an air of dull- w ness pervading the Chamber that Q would put to shame a meeting of the w Church of England Assembly, and render re a gathering of Presbyterian divines, met ti to censure a recusant brother, lively by tl comparison. Mirams has held his peace ti and ceased from troubling Berry, and P even the irrepressible Major has contented tl himself with accusing the Chairman of tl Committees with rushing through the tl votes of the Education Department with a haste which prevented the delivery of a ri defence of the Smithian reign. :Evi- ai dently the lon. and gallant member for n Ballarat West, if hie has not h'eard, has at " least forgotten the proverb anent 'the n wisdom of allowing sleeping dogs to lie. si If lhon. gentlemen go on as they have ii begun, there is hope that the present 1 session will be the most prolific in legisla .a tion that has over been hold in Victoria, n and that when the happy time comes, a when, the "innocents slaughtered," tell C that soon the weary occupants of the re- 1 porters' gallery are to find rest from their fe labours, there will still be a month required v to end the present year. During the week a good progress has been made with the esti- S mates. 'The Railways Management Bill h has been advanced a stage, and the mea- rc suredealing with the malleeintroduced and explained in the Assembly. The Council has been equally diligent, having tackled the Defence Scheme, the Post-office Bill, the Dog Bill, and the Betting Law Amendment Bill. The Upper House is, a in fact, asserting itself ; and as little by ti little the old identities are being weeded fi out, and now men replace the " pilgrim. b fathers" of a former ago, the Assembly it will realise tlhe fact that with the passing n of the Constitutional Reform Bill much a of their power passed away. If not " a drag on the wheels of democracy," the Council will tnot, at all events, be " the y fifth wheel" icn the State coach. . One of the events 'of the social world o has been the colebration .of the "silver fi wedding" of a highl official in the Govern- t mont service.' The gentleman who gave a tihe ball to codm'eMitoiato the happy event, .i and who would .probably have, been as described by the late John' Bunyan ia as "Mr. Big Heart in' a Small Body," Ii turned the occasion to profitable account. t, The "underlings" in his own department y were conspicuous by 'their absence from the festive hall; but per contra, Shad- v rach, Moshak, and Abednoego were there p in all their glory,; and as they all brought ii handsome gifts to the donors of the c feast, the " splendid hospitality" of the t Amphytrion will not, after all, be of an t expensive kind. The sentence of diequelification passed r by the Football Association on the offend ing member of the Carlton team will, it I is hoped, lhave a salutary effect in check- a ing the rowdy tendencies of some of the c players. Displays of brutal and unneces- t sery violence have been but too common t during the season, and it required an c example to be made of somebody, in a order to prevent the favourite game of r youngVictoria from falling into disrepute. 1 That example has been made, but people are asking themselves in connection with a this matter why the young gentleman of t the Essendon Club-who by the way is t studying for the church-was allowed to r use language which would have made a c lilh-fag blush, without oven a reprimand. 1 Some persons, not hearing of any, public f preosentation of the at one time much talked of testimonial to Sir Bryan .s O'Loghleln, have imagined that thes llfair ended in the same way { as did some other movements of a 1 similar character got up to honour s "ominent public men," when the I amounts subscribed-in one notable instance when an ex-Chief Secretary was to be the recipient, and the collections I amounted to sixteen and threeooneo- a being returned to the donors. This is, however, not the case. A very substantial cheque was handed to the erstwhile Premier, which will go a long way towards solacing him for the loss of olfice. For good I reasons the exact sum has been kept dark. There might, porchance, have been another instance of history repeating itself, and a second spoiling of the Egyptians. Hebrew hluman nature hasn't changed much since the days of Moses, and the scent Ifor "nmonishl" is as keen now as when first the golden calf was set up to be worshipped by the chosen people. The Government have exorcised a wise, albeit a somewhat tardy benevolence in recognising the services of two gentloemen who, in tloir day, rendered eminent services to this portion of the globe. The sisters of Lieutenant Waghorn, who are nowa living ic straightened circumstances at EmeraldIHill, are to receive an annuity of £52 each, and the Governments of Victoria, Nev Southl Wales, and South Australia have agreed to vote a thousand pounds in order that the remaining years of the two surviving sisters of Captain 0adell, the first navigator of the Murray, may be free fromn tihe cares of poverty. Thee are undoubtedly both cases ill whichl no one will begrcdge the sums given to thie "sisters, the cousins, acd the ants." It is somewhat late for this display of gratitude, but after all "better lcto than never." Pascliqment hIs booeen called upon to pity the sorrows of the poor Police MIagis trates who receive a "paltry pittance" of £650 per annum, with an additional £250 for exlcenses, and a free railway pass in their own districts. The woos of these gentlemen wore painted in glowing colours by honourable memubers, who are generally ever ready to grease the fat pig. It is to be hoped Mr. Kerford will not pay hoed to the sturdy boggars now Inocking at til doors of the Treasury. The Police Magistrates of Victoria possess Co special qualification for tle post. Very few of them have received any profles alonal training, and most of the gentloe cen now holding thie appointment were tsutalled in ollice, through pure favour itism, in the early days of the goldfiolds. They have haid a long tenure of oflice, for the greater portion of the time withll Very little to do, and now that they are called supo to perform some service in return for thleir salary, consider them olves ill- used. A policeman may not, as averred In the Pirates of Penzance, "load a happy life ;" but a Polico Mugia trate undoubtedly does. Saluted by bobbies, capped by ifteengers and court keepers, addressed as "your worship," entertained when travelling at the houses of country magnates, the while they draw Government money for expenses, P.MI.'s are indeed the "curled darlings" of the Civil Service. Of the officials whose "screw" needs raising, Police Magistrates are certainly the last.' " It's an ill wind that blows nobody any good," and even the " light breeze" that caused the George Roper to ground on Lonsdale Reef has brought luck to the purchasers of the wreck. The fine weather that has prevailed during the week has enabled large quantities of cargo to be recovered, and load after load of cases, crates, and packages, is being dailysont away from the ship. During the gales of ten days ago shares in the syndicate that bought the wreck could have been bought at £500 ; now they are worth four times the amount. Happy wreckers 1 The Government has acted with an energy and promptitude in regard to the informers, or " invincibles," or by what ever name the amiable abotters of treason and assassination chose to call themselves, by not allowing them to pollute Victorian soil by their presence. Noew South Wales will doubtless follow suit as will Queensland. If there be one question on which Australia is "Federated," it is in regard to those doubloe-dyed traitors traitors not only to their Queen, but to their comrades. She will have none of them in her midst. The best thing the P. and 0. Company can do is to ship them back. In fact, rather than receive them, the colonies would willingly boar the cost of their trip "home." Signor Verdi's Operatic Troupe inagu. rate their season to-night with "Carmen" at" the Opera3 House, whence Rignold migrates to Adelaide. At the Bijou " An Arabian Night," in which Mr. and Mrs. Polk are soon to great advantage, still holds the boards, ahd appears to be increasing in popularity. At the Royal, Miss Maggie Moore (Mrs. Williamson) and Mr. J. C. Williamson are, all little matrimonial differences having been amicably settled, to re:appear in " Struck Oil," as John and Lizzie Stofol."Tambour Major " replaces the ever green " Pina fore," at the Princess's tonight. At the Victoria Hall, opera "in black" is to celebrate the sixteenth week of Hisoock's Speciality Minstrels. The fine weather has caused larger audiences and increased receipts in all places of public resort: 