fJaMea* -&ahxmu; LADIES' NEWS-LETTER. [From our Lady Correspondent.] London. September 19, 1883. I see that 'Bleak House,' the veritable place which supplied the idea and the name for Charles Dickenss's charming book, has recently been sold by public auction ; and the old boathouse, which the same popular writer peopled with the ever-memorable Mr. Peggotty, little Bm'lv, and the immortal Mrs. Gummidge, has lately disappeared from the site it formerly occupied on the Yarmouth sands, much to the regret of tourists, who made a great point of visiting this quaint erection, associated as it was with scenes of domestic life and adventures, so told that they seemed Ics3 the creations of fancy than existing things and living people. All readers of ' David Copperfield' will regret to hear of the demolition I have referred to. The dra matised version of ' Bleak Houss' is bsing plfaj^ed just now with indifferent success in London. I saw it performed some years ago, when Miss Jennie Lee most suc cessfully represented the unfortunate ' Jo,' and very few per&ODs; sat out that performance unmoved. The misery of the hunted street-boy, with the persistent ' Move on ' ever in his wake, was sufficient to touch the hearts of any but the most callous and phlegmatic. Mr. Irving and his company will not return until the summer of next year from their prolonged American tour. I see the Bishop of Hereford has just given bis consent to the fixing of a memorial tablet in honor ot Nell Gwynne on the outer £±ee of his garden wall, so as to mark what is said to have been the exact bite of the house in which the rajal favorite was born, Mrs. Langtry is now in Paris, where, re port says, she has. been joined by her hufoaud. This iady has secured good houses during her provincial tour in England. She is now taking a course of lessons from a distin guished member of the Coined ie Francaisc. The poet laureate is, it is said, very un willing to fulfil the in junction of his sovereign to perpetuate in laudatory verse the virtues of the late John Brown. Mr. Tennyson is cruiticg with the Premier, who has gone to Norway, and rumor declares the former has requested Mr. Gladstone to use his influence v/ith Her Majesty so that he (Mr. Tennyson) rcav be absolved from so very uncongeniil a task. la Manitoba, America, there is to be a re-, viyal o£ the ancient custom of taxiag men eligible for matrimony, but unwilling to put on the fetters of Hymen. Every bachelor with an income of a thousand dollars a year is to pay a tax of twenty dollars unless able to prove an intention to marry within two years ; ibe only exemption is when a man is unable to find & bride even after advertising for one — a safe clause I ween. The Duke and Duchess of Teck (Princess Mary of Cambridge) left London last week en route for their new Geruiaa home. The apartments recently occupied by the Duchess and her family in Kensington Palace are beicg made ready for - the Marquis and Marchioness of Lome (Priaoess Louise), win- arc expected home from America shortly. Talking of royal residences, I see the great vine at Hampton Court Palace is very prolid ; this year, the bunches of fruit numbering 1.300, or 30 in excess of last year; this bearing is, however, below ttiat of some previou» years, for the vine bas been known to pia duce as maLy as 2,211 bunched of grapes ia a single season. The produce is at the entire disposal of Her Msjtsty the Queen. One hardly knows how nor likes to credit a report tb&t; when at Bad.cn the Prince of Wales wore the dresu of a cook at a fancy dress ball given in his honor. Among other festivities for wiiich the presence of Eag Jand's future ruler gave excuse was a faasy fair, where a chaik portrait oi the royal viiitor executed lay a local ar;i-o was sold tor 70 guineas, and shortly after resold, at an er-ojEious profit. The birth of a granddaughter to the Eai percr of Austria was naturally somewhat of a disappointment, though the rejoicings in honor of the event were by no m-;an3 signifi cant of that feeliDg, The preponderance of sons over daughters, and vice versa, is very conspicuous in some families from generations downwards ; acd the reigning royal-house of Belgium and the Imperial one of Austria are singularly alike in respect cf one son only beirjg born to each The Crown Prince Rudolf, whose little daughter has ju«f made her advent, is the onJy son of his father. The Kirg of tile Belgiumb' son died many years ago, snd no other heir has been born to him, consequently the desire for a grandson was correspondingly great in proportion to the issues depending on such circumstance. Tfce daughter of the lord mayor is to be married before the expiration of her father's term of office, I hear the sff *ir is to be a magnificent one, and that 390 guests h%ve been bidden to the wedding. The breakfast ?will be given at the Mansion House in the Egyptian Bali. Ihe -well-known war newspaper correspon dent, Mr. Archibald Forbes, haviGg during his brilliant caret r amassed a considerable fortune, is about to retire from active labors snd is to marry an American lady of good family and large fortitnei. English women are getting ecvicus of their American sistera whe draw to many matrimonial prizes. Several British peers have taken wived from smorp them, and celebrities of all sorts here bavc closcii American women instead of those of their o?.n native land. Naturally, therefore, there is not & littie soreness of feeling among these latter. American girls are not all of the bold Amazon type of the bloomer costume and Mary Walker characteristics ; and though their general demeanor is not per haps so gtntle and unassuming as that of the ideal Englishwoman, as a body they certainly are no less modest in tbe strict acceptation of the term. Tne grossness which charac terises certain sectioas of American woman hood belongs to themselves alone, some of the political institutions of the country being re sponsible fcr some falling off in the inherent delicacy of speech and action which should distinguish all classes of womenalike, from the Hottentot even to the empress. The sudden death of Mr. Dutbon Cook, the ?well-known author and critic, leaves a breat blank in literary circles. Only last Saturday there appeared in the World a criticism of a new play that had been pro duced at the Globe Theatre. It was signed wish Mr. Cook's initials, and he expired tiro dajs afterwards. Mr. Cook ia bestknovu as the author of the novel 'Paul Forrester's Daughter,' 'Hobson's Choice,' 'A Prodigal Son,' and maty other works of fiction, in cluding his last book, ' Hours at the Piay.' The colossal statue of Liberty, executed by Bartholdi, will be ready for erection in New York hatbor some time in November. Its enormous size, &c;, will, it is said, constitute it the eighth wonder of the world. The gross weight of the statue when complete will be over 200 tons, and it measures 150 feetia height. Some idea of the details which go to complete this gigantic work may be gleaned from a description of the hand of the figure, the nail on the index finger being 12 inches in length, the other parts of the extremity being duly proportionate. Since penning the paragraph anenfc the de parture from England of the Duke and.Dueb.esa of Teck, 1 bave been told that instead of a royal escort, Mr. Cook, the well-known ex cursionist, has undertaken the conduct o£ these sell -banished exiiea and their belong ings. The contract has been made in further ance of those principles of economy which the royal household must henceforth adopt and rigidly adhere to. A contemporary noticing the fact s&ys;, 'The whiiligig of time ha* modified tbe conception of royal dignisy, iempora inutantur nos tt muiamur in illes.' The veteran journalist, Mr. G. A. Sala, is said to be contemplating a voyage to Demerara. His mother was a West Indian, and it is expected that on his return Mr. Sala will enrich literature with a book of travel written in that gentleman's most delightful gossiping style. I see that a Mr, James of, Ipswich, has in vented a small incubator, entitled the 'Little gem.' It is cheap, light, and portable, and so simple that a child may manage it. A '13-egg' incubator costs IO3., '25-egg'15j., '50 egg' 25s., '70 egg' 40s. la Kegent street there is a very large incubator on view, and the various processes of hatching the eggs and rearing the broods, as viewed from the windows, attracts small crowds on the pave ment in front of them continually. Apropos of artificial incubation, there is a story that some while back an ostrich farmer on the Hurry River had a hen bird sitting on 12 eggs, -which is tbe ordinary course would have been batched by sixty-two days' continuous brooding, but the parent fell ill, and died before the accomplishment of her maternal task, and the proprietor hit upon a novel expedient for supplying her place. While yet warm the eggs were distributed among twelve members of the household with orderd that each should take to bis or her bed one I ege until the days were fully accomplished, I when the appearance of the young ostriches \ emancipated tbe foster parents from their 1 eoElinernenfr, The ostrich egg- is equal in j Quantity and nutriment tc nfteen he^s' eggs, ! 1 sm told. . I Prima donnas are to be envied — at least, '? Madame Adeline Patti is. I tee she is en- - caged to sing at Manchester and other places For £500 per conceit, about £159 for a single song. The Luther commemoration at Wittenborg has commenced, and it is estimated that there were among the celt brants on the inaugura tion day oves- 1,000 Protestant clergyman from all parts of Germany. Among the lineal descendants of the great reformer I notice the names of Lieutenant Luther, of the British navy, and & Dr. Luther, of Belfast. A friend of mine living at Port Elizabeth, South Africa, writes to say that he was pre sent at a conversazione siven in that nlace. when as an object of interest there was ex hibited to the assembled company a dress that was worn by a Countess of Airlie at a ball given by Prince Charles Stuart, in Holjrcod Palace, Edinburgh, in 1745, in honor of a victory gained at Preston Pans. By the way, the family seat in Scotland of the Airlie's has sustained considerable damage by fire during tbe past -week. It was rented by the Earl of Dudley for a few months, who took with him a retinue of sixty servants, a great deal of plate, furni ture, and other valuable effects. DariDg the past few weeks a great number of guests have been entertained at Cortachy Castle, the seat referred to. The new part of the build ing is almost entirely demolished, and many valuables have been damaged or destroyed also. It will be remembered that when the late Earl of Airlie expired suddenly in India, several great persons of distinction whom the coun tess was entertaining at Cortachy Castle, heard the fateful drummer-boy, - whose phantom 'execution is said invariably to denote the death of. the head of the House of Airlie.' The society papers were filled with the story said to be authenticated by persons of unquestioned truth and high social posi tion. However that may be it is certain Lord Airlie died, and did so very unexpectedly. At the time there was another story going the round of the journals anent the traditional ghost, which is as much the possession of every ancient house as are the hereditary acres that accrue to the heir. It was said that a whole suite of rooms ia a distant part of the castle were shut off and carefully barricaded, the windows even being boarded-up, and every precaution taken to prevent intrusion and remark. Once upon a time, £O the story goes, during a temporary absence of their host a party of visitors determined to explore the mysteriou3 region and discover its secret, but before they could accomplish their purpose Lord Airlie retained, and so severely displeased wss lie at tfce conduct of bis guests that he begged to be relieved o£ their presence as speedily as possible. Since the late Earl of Airlie died it was announced that a quiet funeral one day issued from the portals of the haunted chamber, and the cefna was placed with the utmost privacy consistent with the law in the vault of the Airlie family. Subsequently an explanation of the affair was given ; how mush was true, or how much false, those only knew who were in the secret1. The inmate of tbe closed chamber was said to be the real ear), uncle to the bite Eari of Airlie, but being an imbecile from the day of his birth, was wholly incapable of inheriting the family estates and sustaining the family henor. His existence was kept secret from everyone except the possessor cf the title, bis factor, and the unhappy man's attendant, who, it is said, never left his master, and whese existence was alike unsuspected by the other inmates of the castle. On tbe attain mt nt of bis majority the terrible secret waa revealed to the next heir, and report declares the sad secret -weighed heavily on the heart of the present earl's father, and very much embittered bis existence. Visitors at the cattle from time to time declared they had seen a little grizzled, elfish figure of mere uncanny aspect, which was taken for a spirit, but now is supposed to have been tha unfortunate recluse who some times re anaged to evade the vigilance of his beepers. It is hardly -to be wondered that the family of tbe Airlies let Cortachy Castle, associated as itis with memories so depressing »trl ?o painful. Perhaps with the partial de stjuctioD cf the edifice tbe fateful drummer's carrtr may also be ended. Mits Kcddie, a Scotch lady, residing at KeDsingtoa, and cf mature years, has been entrusted with the onerous task of writing the biography of Her Majesty the Queen. Tbe vroik, -when complete, will be a com p&rjion; volume to tbe life of the Prince Consort; but the wctk is only in its pre liminary stages, and some months, perhaps 1 tars', may elapse ere the material can be r oik etc d and tbe procedure arranged. Miss Ktddie is busily occupied in consulting suibciitics and classifying matter and -works in the British Museum continually. It wm by the advice of Lord Ronald Gower that the Queen selected Miss Eeddie for the impor tant task she has before her. She is a very pietty-lookirjg old lady, and wears glasses over her bright, keen eyee. 