| THE NOVELIST. I THE LADY'S WALK.* I STORY OF THE SEEN AND UNSEEN. BY MBS. OLIPHANT. CHAPTEB I. : J waa on a visit to some people in scouana U.n the events I am about to relate took *llce They were not friends m the sense S long or habitual intercourse ; m short, f had met them only in Switzerland in the Levious year: but we saw a great deal of Kother while we were together, and got BS that cosy intimacy which travelling Brian about more readily than anything tiae We had Been each other m very great Eabittc both of mind and array m the Klly mornings after a night a travelling, Lch perhaps is the severest test that can he applied in reBpect to looks ; and amid all foe annoyances of journeys short and long, foth the usual episodes of lost luggage, Indifferent hotels, fosses of every descrip Eon. which is an equally severe test, for the Ln!>er; and our friendship and liking (I am It liberty to suppose it was mutual, or they bonld never have invited me to Ellermorel femained unimpaired. I have always thought, and still think, that Charlotte Campbell was one of the most charming: bang women I ever met with; and her Irotbera, if not bo entirely delightfal, were lice fellows, capital to travel with, full of EDD and spirit. I understood immediately Eom their conversation that they were lembera of a larce family. Their allusions b Tom and Jack and little Harry, and the Ehildren in the nurser>, might perhaps have Keen tedious to a harsher critic; bat I like fc hear of other people's relations, having Kiarcely any of my own. I found out by Egreee that Miss Campbell had been taken Etiioad by her brothers to recover from a lug and Bevere task of nursing, which had bbaueted her strength. The little ones had El been down with scarlet fever, and she Ed not left them night or day. " She Eve up seeing the rest of us and regu Erly shut herself in," Charley informed Ke, who waB the younger of the two. " She Boald only go out for her walk when all of ? were out of the way. That was the Borst of it," the young fellow said, with ?eat simplicity. That his sister should give ?rself up to the nursing was nothing re larkable; but that she should deny herself fteir preciouB company waa a heroism that lent to her brothers' hearts. Thus, by the fcy, I learned a great deal about the family. Batty, as they called her, was the sister ?other, especially of the little ones, who ?d been left almoBt in her sole charge ?ice their mother died many years before. Be waB not a girl, strictly speaking. She bb in the perfection of her womanhood and ?nth-about eight-and-twenty, the age when ?mething of the composure of maturity has ?bted upon the sweetness of the earlier ?ate, and being so old enhances all the ?arm of being so young. It is chiefly Bong young married women that one sees Be gracious and beautiful type, delightfal ?every Benge and every requirement of the ?nd ; but when it is to be met with on ? l more celestial stilL I cannot ?t think with reverence that this delicate Eternity and maidenhood-the perfect Vtnty of the one, the undisturbed grace of ?t other-has been the foundation of that ?pnng devotion which in the old days V^ght so many saints to the shrine of the ?gin Uother. But why I should thus ?arge upon Charlotte Campbell at the nnning of this story I can scarcely tell, B . l? Pot in the strict sense of the word ^ heroine of it, and I am unintentionally ?ejving the reader to begin. ?ney asked me to come and see them at RW",1!.® we pSItedj ftnd' .» I have E> JL* i 5® * home warmer or Em££i tban C^ambers in the Temple, accepted, as may be supposed, with entha i waV xthe 6,84 week of June that forth« «nd of They h&d; plooty of noiido" 8*ld' *ith a liberality of expression pleasant to hear. Charlotte Eel* Ufa 'J0®-0"18* ** PMPMed for a ?" i ISniHj' T?mp,e' and a very quiet Ken what °i.coa'8e« that if I bad Rwnld h 1 8i.^tho whol# *<*ld Bch the BmiUH 8 combination: at Ber head ft ^ fD ftmn8ed little shake It Bhe herself ^ oooar to fcer ?MtheyLu4n«uii0t tottch in th« matter. Rrona/^InH T ^ BP°n *a» the » plenty Bm iteelde8t ,Bon' the one 4th Bt Deontifen leMfc tamihw. He^as BvemhL iit Bed findL lsn e othLer® d'd- I did hot BtantW in t jmu ater tbat he was Bh« he and in±Dv,V ?°mtna and *°H B other vL P'Sn iav® aeen mooty of B°:»ed warmlrhfhi.?? 5.# enough., Hen Charie* 11 othet 8 "rotation. B186! be added ? WM P^^ty ! of Wnl ye . w 8 ntmo8t fiiendliness, Ba K of ?u«la5?ata,8tag." There B1n*>t diBc?L2l hB th in tJhe Bpetch B^ioftal dKersit^nW Word!' **tibr ^Pronunciation idiom and change ? and tather nrond u®!v ooMdoo" of m di4 "ot saW ®IU ^otherwise. did not say Scotch, but Scots ; and r accent could not be represented by any the travesties of the theatre, or what we ventionally accept as the national utter- e. When I attempted to pronounce after m, my own ear informed me what a travesty it was. was to the family represented by these ng people that I was going when I started August 20, a blazing summer day, with t and beat enough to merit the name of mer if anything everr did. But when I ved at my journey's end there was just , t'-nrn nno» a stray branch* veryfew, yet enough to swear £?.. .?"-er,®orfe la*ln the heart of a beautiful ?i **. li ?f,.mount£"n8 and lochs, within tbe Highland line, and just on the verge of some of the wildest mountain scenery in bcotland. It was situated in the midst of an amphitheatre of hills, not of any very ex alted height, bat of the moat picturesque form, with peaks and couloirs like an Alpine range in little, all glowing with the pnrple blaze of the heather, with gleams upon them that looked like Bnow, bnt were in reality water, white threads of mountain torrents. In front of the house was a small loch embosomed in the hills, from one end of which ran a cheerful little stream, much intercepted by boulders, and much the brighter for the Interruptions, which mean- j dered through the glen and fell into another ' loch of greater grandeur and pretensions. Mlermore itself was a comparatively new i house, built upon a fine slope of lawn over the lake, and sheltered by fine trees-great beecbeB which would not have done dis credit to Berkshire, though that is not what i we expect to see in Scotland : besides the aBhes and firs which we are ready to ac knowledge as of northern growth. I was not prepared for the luxuriance of the West Uighl&nds-the; mantling green of ferns and herbage everywhere, not to eay the wealth °* ilowers, which formed a centre of still more brilliant colour and cultiva tion amid all the purple of the hills. Everything was soft and rich and warm about tbe Highland mansion-house. I had expected stem scenery and a grey atmo sphere. I found an almost excessive luxu of vegetation and colour everywhere. The father of my friends received me at the door, which was constantly open, and where it seemed to me after a while that nobody wae ever refused admission. He was a tall old man, dignified but homely, with white hair and moustache and the fresh colour of a rnral patriarch) which, however, he was not, but an energetic man of business, as I after wards found. The Campbells of Etlermore were not great chiefs in that much-extended clan, bnt they were perfectly well-known people and had held their little estate from remote antiquity. But they had not stood upon their gentility, or refused to avail them selves of the opportunities that came in their way. I have observed that in the great and wealthy region of which Glasgow is the capital the number of tbe irreconcilables who Btand out against trade is few. The gentry have seen all the advantages of com bining commerce with tradition. Had it not been for this it is likely that Ellermore would have been a very different place. Now it was overflowing with all thoae signs of ease and simple luxury which make life so smooth. There t was little show, but there was a profusion of comfort. Everything rolled upon velvet It was perhaps more like the house of a rich merchant than of a family of long descent Nothing could be more perfect aB a pleasure estate than was this little Highland property. They had "plenty of grouse," and also of trout in a succession of little lochs and mountain streams. They bad deer on the hills. They bad tbeir own mutton, and everything vegetable that was needed for the large profuse household, from potatoes and cabbage up to grapes and peaches. But with all this primitive wealth there was not much money got out of Ellennore. The" works" in Glasgow sup plied that What the works were I have never exactly found out, but they afforded occnpation for all the family, both father and sons; and that the results were of the most pleasing description aB regarded Mr. Camp bell's banker it was easy to see. They were all at home with the exception of Colin, the eldest son, for whose absence many apologies, some of which seemed much more elaborate than were at all neces sary, were made to me. I was for my own part quite indifferent to the absence of Colin. He was not the one who had in terested me moBt; and though Charley was considerably younger than myself, I had liked him better from the first Tom and Jack were still.younger. They were all occupied at'' the works, ana came home only from Saturday to Monday. The little trio in the nursery were delightful children. To see them gathered about Charlotte was enough to melt any heart. Chatty they called her, which is not a very dignified name, but I got to thlnir it the most beautiful in the world as it sounded % all over that cheerful, much populated house. "Where is Chatty?" was tne first question everyone asked as he came in at the door. If she was not immediately found it went volleying through the house .all JMMhe stairs and through the passages Chatty! where are you?"-and was always answered from somewhere or other in a full soft voice, which was audible everywhere, though it never was loud. " Here am I, boys, she wonld say, with s pretty inversion & ®ased me. Indeed, everything *?Vn Chatty-too mucfi, more than |?a°a "WW thinking what would become of them all it, tpi Azampie, she Were withWmlCfd«naterei int0 ? H argument with myself on one oocasion by 0f Aat it would be the most selfish thing in the world were this family to wbrk upon Chatty s feelings and prevent her from ceived with a little shudder how entirely the nt oollapie M by any chance Chatty should be decoyed away. I enjoyed my stay beyond description. In the morning we were on the hills or about the country. In the evening it very often happened that we all strolled out after dinner, and that I was left by Chatty's side, "the Srifiin M?Vrl? a towisand objects of interest, TnJ eU uauaU* in hi« library ^newspapers, which arrived at & the coach from Oban or thi" I went over fche ^ M ^e grounds surrounding M" "PM in Scotland, With Chatty, who would not be out of reaoh at this Ahuli' fcthejr should want her, or the J w2?ld me not t° stay With w !Lb*??0 a°®b*« wonld be more amujing ft Bo with the boys; and whehl pleasure was fat neater £ it wi& B iitffiMS(rank smile. Sn« hw haad- 8he laughed m me softly, bidding me not to be too polite or think ebe would mind if I left her; bat I think, on the whole, Bhe liked to have me with her in her evening walk. " There 1b one thing you have not told me of," I said, " and that yon mast possess. I cannot believe that your family has been settled bere bo long without having a ghoat." She bad tamed round to look at me, to know what it was that had been omitted in her descriptions. When she heard what it was she emiled a little, bat not with the pleasant mockery I had expected. On the contrary, it was a sort of gentle smile of recognition that something had been left out. " We don't call it a ghoBt," Bhe said. " 1 have wondered if yon have never noticed. I am fond of it, for my part; bat then I have been need to it all my life. And here we are, then," she added as we reached the top of a little ascent and came out upon a raised avenue, which I had known by its name of the Lady's Walk without as yet getting any explanation what that meant, It must have been, I supposed, the avenue to the old house, and now encircling one portion of the grounds withont any distinct meaning. On the Bide neareBt the gardens and hoaBe it wae but Blightly raised above the ahrub beries; but on the other side was the summit of a high bank Bloping steeply to the river, which, after it escaped from the loch, made a wide bend round that portion of the grounds. A row of really grand beeches rose on each Bide of the path, and through the openings in the trees the honse, the bright gardenB, the silvery gleam of the loch were visible. The evening Ban was slanting into our eyeB as we walked along; a little soft yet brisk air was pattering among the leaves, and here and there a yellow cluster in the middle of a branch Bhowisg the fint touch of a cheerful decay. " Here we are, then." It was a curiouB phrase; but there are eome odd idioms in the Scotch-I mean ScotB'-form of our common language, and I had become accustomed now to accept them without re mark. i " I suppose," I said, " there must be some back way to the village or to the farm-houBe j under this bank, thongh there seems no room for a path !" " Why do you ask?" she said, looking at me with a entile. ! " Because I alwayB hear some one passing along-I imagine down there. The etepa are 1 very dietinct. Don't yon hear them now ? It has puzzled me a good deal, tor I cannot make out where the path can be." She Bmiled again, with a meaning in her smile, and looked at me steadily, listening, a« 1 was. And then, after a pause, she said, 41 That iB what you were asking for. If we did not hear it, it would make us unhappy. Did you not know why this was called the Lady's Walk?' When she said these words I was conscious of on odd enongh change in my sensations nay, I should say in my very sense of bearing, wbich was the one appealed to. I bad heard the Bound often, and, after looking back at first to Bee who it waa and seeing no one, had made up my mind that the ateps were on eome unseen bye-way and heard them accord ingly, feeling quite Bure that the sound came from below. Now my hearing changed, and I could not understand how I had ever thought anything else; the stepB were on a level with ns, by our aide-aa if some third person were accompanying us along the avenue. I am no believer in ghosts, nor the least snperstitious, BO far aa I bad ever been aware (more than everybody ia), but I felt mj self Ret oat of the way with some celerity aud a certain thrill of curious sensation. The idea of robbing Bhouldera with some thing unseen startled me in spite of myself. " Ah 1" said Charlotte, " it gives yoa an unple&Bant; feeling. I forgot you are not used to it like me." " I am tolerably well used to it, for I have heard it often," I said, somewhat ashamed of my involuntary movement. Then I laughed, which 1 felt to be altogether out of place and fictitious, and eaid, " No doubt there is some very easy explanation of it-some vibration or echo. The science of acoustics clears np many mysteries." "There is no explanation," Chatty Baid, almost angrily. " Bhe has walked hue far longer than anyone can remember. It ia an ill sign for us Campbells when she goea away. She was the eldest daughter, like me; and I think she has got to be our guardian angel. There is no harm going to happen as long as she Is here. Listen to her, she cried, standing atill with her hand raiaed. The low sun shone foil on her, catching her brown bair, the lacid clearness of her brown eyes, hei cheeks so clear and soft, in colour a little summer brown, too. I stood and listened with a something of excited feeling which I could not control: tbe sound of this third person, whose steps were not to be mistaken though she was unseen, made my heart beat; if, indeed, it was not merely the presence of my companion, who was sweet enongh to account for any man's emotion. " You are startled," she said with a smile. "Weill I should not be acting my part, should I, aB I ought, if I did not feel the proper thrill T It must be disrespectful to a gbost not to be afraid." "Don't say a ghost," said Chatty; "I think that is disrespectful. It is the Lady of Eilermore; ever) body knows about her. And do you know," die added, " when my mother died-41m greateat grief I have ever known-the stepB oeaaed? Oh I it ia troel You need not look me in the face as if there was anything ty laugh at. It ia ten years ago, and I waa only a silly sort of girl, not much good to anyone. They aent me out to ?et the air when she was lying in a doze; and came here. I was crying, as you may Bap* pose, and at first 1 did not pay any attention. Then it struck me all at once- the Lady was away. They told me afterwards that was the worBt sign. It is always death that is coming wben she goes away." The pathos of this incident confused ell my atumpts to (ouch it with levity, and we went on for a little withont speaking, during wbich time it is almost onneoeaaary to say that I was listening with all my might to those strange footsteps, whioh finally 1 per suaded myself wen no more than echoes of onr own. " It is very curious" I said politely. "Of course yoa were greatly agitated and toomuoh absorbed In real grief to hate any time to think of the other; and there might be some thing in the state of the atmosphere " She gave me an indignant look. We were neatly at the end of the walk; and at thai moment I could have Bworn that the foot etepa, which had got a little ia advance, hece turned and met na going back. I am aware that nothing could sound more foolieh, and that it must have been some vibration or atmospheric phenomenon, Bat yet this was how it seemed-not an optical but an aurul delusion. So long aB the etepa were going with UB it was less impossible to account for it; but when tbey turned and audibly came back to meet UB ! Not all my scepticism could prevent me from stepping aside to 1«*t them paBB. This time they came directly between us, and the naturalness of my wita drawal out of the way W&b; more significant than the faltering laugh with which I excused myself. " It ia a very curious sound indeed," I said, with a tremor which slightly affected my voice. Chatty gave me a reassuring smile. She did not laugh at me, which was consolatory. She stood for a moment as if looking after the visionary paBBenger. " We are not afraid," she Baid, "even the youngest; we all know Bhe is our friend." When we had got back to the aide of the loch, wbere, 1 coufeBB, I was pleased to find myself, in the free open air without any per plexing shadow of trees, I felt leBs objection 10 the subject. "1 wish you would tell ui« the story ; for, of courBe, there is a story," 1 said. " No, there ia no story-at least nothing tragical or even romantic. They eay she was the eldeBt daughter. I sometimes won der," Chatty said with a smile and faint in crease of colour, " whether she might not he a little like me. She lived here all her life, and bad several generations to take care of. Ob no, there was no murder or wrong about our Lady; she just loved Ellermore above everything; but my idea ia that she has been allowed the care of as ever eince." " That is very eweet, to have the care of you," I eaid, scarcely venturing t? put any emphasis on the prononn ; " bnt, after all, it muBt be slow work, don't yon think, walking up and down there for ever ? I call that a poor sort of reward for a good woman. If »be had been a bad one it might have answered very well for a punishment." " Mr. Temple 1" Chatty said, now redden ing with indignation, " do you think it is a poor thing to have the care of your own people to watch over them whatever may happen-to be all for them and their service ? I don't think so; 1 should like to have such a fate." Perhaps I had spoken thus on purpose to bring about the discussion. - " There ia such a thing aB being too devoted to your family. Are they ever grateful ? They go away and marry and leave you in the lurch." She looked up at me with a little astonish ment. "The members may vary, but the family never goes away," she said; "besides, that can apply to us in our present situation only. Me muBt have seen so many come and go; but that need not vex her, you know( because they go where she is." " My dear Miss Campbell, wait a bit, think a little," I said: 11 where iB Bhe ? That is in the Lady's Walk, according to yonr story. Let us hope that all your ancestors and rela tions are not there." " I suppose you want to make me angry," eaid Chatty. " She is in heaven-have you any doubt of that?-bat every day when the sun is setting she comes back home." " Oh, come 1" 1 Baid, " if it is only at the sunBet tbat is not so bad." Miss Campbell looked at me donbtfully, aB if not knowing whether to be angry. " You want to make fun of it," she said, " to laugh at it; and yet," she added with with a little spirit, "you were rather nervous half an hour ago." " I acknowledge to being nervous. I am very impressionable. I believe that is the word. It is a luxury to be nervous at the fit moment. Frightened you might say, if you prefer plain speaking. And I am very glad it is at snnset, not in the dark. This com fletes the round of my Highland experiences," Baid ;" everything now is perfect. I have shot grouse on the bill and caught tront on the loch, and been soaked to the skin and then dried in the wind; I wanted nothing but the family ghost. And now I have seen her, or at leastneard her " " If yon are resolved to make a joke of it I cannot help it," said Chatty," but I warn yon tbat it is not agreeable to me, Mr. Temple. Let us talk of something else. In the High lands," she said with dignity, " we take dif feient views of many things." "There are some things," I said, "of which bnt one view is possible-that I should have the audacity and impertinence to laugh at anything for which yon have a veneration 1 I believe it is only because I was so frightened " I She smiled again in her lovely motherly way, a smile of indulgence and forgiveness and bounty. " Ton are too humble now," sbe said," " and I think I hear some one call ing me. It is time to go in," And to be sure there was some one calling her: there was, I think, at all honra of the night and day. 