ST. PAUL'S CHURCH. VISIT OF BISHOP STANTON. THE announcement that the Right Rev. Dr. Stanton, Bishop of Northern Queensland, would preach in the above place of worship was the means of drawing a numerous congre- gation to the church yesterday forenoon. The BISHOP, after conducting the usual introductory services, and before beginning his sermon, said he could not forbear to express the pleasure that it gave him to find himself a visitor to the town and a fellow worshipper with them in St. Faul's Church on that day. He was the gladder for being there then, although the absence of the incumbent deprived him of the pleasure he had antici- pated of conferring with him on matters relating to the new church and other things, because he found he could be of some little service in conducting worship that day. He remembered well before proceeding to bis diocese in the north, and when he called here, how much he felt cheered with the spirit that was then shown, and the happy interest evinoed in the erection of the new church. He, therefore, had always felt an interest in church work in the town, and was glad of the opportunity when passing of dropping in here. He was extremely glad to find the pro- gress which had been made during thc two or three years of his absence, in the erection of the new church. He had lately been in Victoria, where invitations carried him about a great deal ; and he was also in New South Wales, where invitations again carried him about, but this enabled him to say with all frankness and without flattery, that the church here when it was completed would hold its own with some of the best average churches in the southern colonies. He believed it would confer a very great benefit quite out- side their own congregation by leadiug to the erection of others. They know that where there was a row of houses standing, if one began to be considerably repaired or rebuilt how it threw at once into the shade the houses on either side of it, they in their turn were polished up and repaired. Therefore he was persuaded architecture, and introduce a similar spirit into places round about, and certainly into his northern diocese. He knew, too, that it would confer a great benefit upon its cougrc gation. He need not point out that the build- ing they were then worshipping in would require to bo considerably repaired to be merely habitable in a few years time, .but a larger building, the very architecture bespeak- ing the purpose to which it was to be conse- crated, for the congregation to worship in, would become as an engine of church work very effective, and a factor by which good works would bc grafted and shaped. He hoped an invitation would soon reach him to take part in the con- secration of the church here, as he had done in Maryborough. The Bishop took as the text of his sermon John IV, 13-14 :-"Jesus answered and said unto her, whosover drinketh of this water shall thirst again ; but whoso drinketh of the water that I shall give him it shall be in him a well of water springing up unto everlasting life." Our Lord's conversation with this Samaratan woman dealt out, he thought, a very salutary lesson to those who with her entered into religious controversy. The conversation had not proceeded far before the woman found she was in the prcsence of a prophet. The very fact of the Lord being a Hebrew and holding intercourse with a woman of Samaria, lifted him far above the crowd of Hebrew society. There was, too, a newness about his teaching, which contrasted favour- ably indeed with that of others. But the woman herself was an adept at religious controversy ; at all events she was thoroughly up in the burning question of the day, which was to her mind, on which of two bills did God prefer to be worshipped. Now that she found herself in the presence of a prophet she thought it was the time to settle it. She would drag the Lord into it, she would deck him out in all the opinions of the time, and see what He could do with the question of the day. No matter though her own private life was spent in sin, soiled as ber fingers were, she deemed them clean enough to handle the delicate threads of religious questions. The Lord looked her through and through at a glance; his penetrating eyes scanned her heart, her, life, her history, and like a strong light he turned its rays full upon her. He taught her that her own heart must first be ready. Just as with the microscope they must first adjust the lense ere they could see an object, so tho heart, the conscience, and the mind must be made ready, before they could deal with religious questions in their true aspect. Just so it was with a scientific in- quiry ; there must be a sympathy between the subject and the object. In the absence of a right heart and a right mind, there would be all kinds of mistakes and blunders, lt was something like Chinese pictures admirable in outline, wonderfully deep and rich in colouring, but absolutely grotesque by reason of the absence of the laws of per- spective. As the distance was lost, the diffe- rence between great and small could not be seen, andi so all kinds of blunders were perpetrated. The little child as soon as it began to think, hoped and longed to arrive at manhood, and it seemed to stretch out its little arms, and to make its little feet go into more manly strides, in prospect of arriving at that stage of existence. At last it expanded into boyhood, and again longed to be a man. Arrived at manhood what did he say? Why, he said that childhood's day's were after all the happiest days, as the child wished itself to be a man, the man would, as it were, contract himself to the dimensions of childhood, and live again the days of his youth. A man imagines that if he could only make a big pile, live in a mansion, have servants at his command, and do just as he pleased, be would be thoroughly happy. He spent half his lifetime in attaining a fortune, and having done so, what did he find. He found that no amount of money could command health, that it could not give him peace of mind, and round about him a hundred claims rose up, of which he had not the ghost of an idea. He found, also, someone who would not be very sorry to hear of his death, so that they might get his money. Men were apt to think that life in a quiet corner was not happy. A man stood, as it were, at the bottom of a ladder, and bit by bit he attained a high posi- tion. Arrived there what did he find; he found that the higher he went, the heavier ware the taxes he had to pay-the taxes to public opinion, to public criticism. He could hardly do a thing without attracting public attention, and having a verdict of good, bad, or indifferent passed upon him. His was a very giddy height, and very great would be his distress if he stumbled. Men, as one of the wisest thinkers said, were like children dabbling; with their feet on the fringe of the waters of the ocean. Man was very complex, and if they took him to pieces they would see that he was composed of four parts or pieces. He had in the first place a will, the power to resolve ; in the second a conscience ; in the third an intellect capable of searching after truth ; and in the fourth affection, or the emotions of the heart. The will, the con- science, the intellect, the affection made up the four parts, the four sides, which hold man altogether. Just as a plant in order to grow, must have a soil adapted to to its nature, it stood to reason that to command success and happiness, a man must seek after that which was adapted to the instinct and faculties of his complex nature. Because Christ had done this, the second part of the text was also true-that whose went to him, and believed in him should reoeive happiness indeed. In the character of a great man, such as Wellington, there would be found a very powerful will. The will was the power of saying "I will" or "I will not." Nine tenths of the evils into which men fell, arose from them being unable to bend their will to suit circumstances. There was in our Lord's day a school of thinkers called the Stoics, who framed a form which should dis- cipline the will, that was based upon the principle what could not be cured must be endured. They made, so to speak, an an iron frame, into which they thrust the will, making it obedient to outer circumstances. Christ had dealt with the human will, so that it twisted and shaped itself to the conditions of life. He had treated it in sucob a way that it retained its strength, and yet made it so pliant and elastic, that it shapes itself into the circum- stances of life. St. Paul said " I have learnt' in whatsoever state I ama, therewith to be con- tent." Just like riding in a buggy with splendid springs over a rough road, so was a will that would bend to circumstances, and learn a man in whatsoever condition of life he might be, therewith to be content. "Con science,"it was said, "makes cowards of us all." Tales were told, and fears entertained of haunted houses, but these were long ago exploded. But what had never been exploded, and never would be, was a haunted mind. In the stillness of the night it would start up and give torment. He would rather live in a haunted house all his life, in a place deep and and thick with traditions, than have a haunted conscience for ten minutes. Herod was a haunted man. When he heard of a man being in the wilderness doing wondrous things his conscience started up and asked the ques- tion " Is it John the Baptist whom I beheaded." Christ cleansed the conscience and turned a foe into a friend, and a man went about full of the best love. The rev. preacher then dealt with the mind. No person travelled in a steamer without first knowing whither he was going ; no man went along a road without knowing what road it was. No matter how high a man might stand in human repute, no matter how rich he were, unless he asked him- self the question, .'Whether am I going!" would he have happiness in life. A man must well consider what way he was going, as he held life upon an unrenewable lease. Let them lose no time, as they were only tenants at will. Just as the pioneers crossed the great continent of Australia, and left their footprints for others to follow, so the Lord Jesus Christ travelled the unseen world ; and the Bible was the map with its outlines sufficiently dis- tinct for their purpose. It was to guide our affections. ,' The heart that was full of bitter fruit, what did be convert it into ? He con- verted it into a lovely garden, full of flowers that shed their fragrance all around. The preacher concluded with an eloquent perora- tion on preparing for futurity. At the evening service, Dr. Stanton preached an excellent sermon on "Faith," from the texts-I. Timothy, I. ch. 19 V. " Holding faith and a good conscience," and I. Timothy, III. ch.'9 v. "Holdingthfe mystery of faith in a good conscience." Shortly after the service the Bishop took his departure for the North._' ?' ' FIRE IK SUGAR CAKE.-A fire of a destruc- tive nature occurred on the Mabbro plantation on Saturday. It is supposed that some of the cane cutters whilst smoking caused the trash to light. The flames speedily spread to the standing cane, destroying about six acres. From thence the fire entered the Woondooma cane-field, annihilating nearly seven acres. We are informed that it was ouly the prompt and willing assistance of neighbours that stayed the progress of the flames, and pre- vented immense destruction at Woondooma, Bundaberg Mail. SUGAR CULTIVATION.-A Mr. de Lissa, who a short time ago had charge of a sugar plan- tation near Port Darwin, has, with a Mr. Sachse, taken up some 20,000 acres of land in Sandakan, North Borneo. According to the Straits Times, these gentlemen celebrated at Singapore the completion of their contract on 30th Novomber by a grand tiffin, to which a large number of guests were invited, and at which several good speeches were made. Mr. dc Lissa ably sketched out his intentions and hopes, and drew a hopeful picture of the future prosperity and financial success of the British North Borneo Company. Being an experienced sugar cultivator and manufacturer, Mr. de Lissa intends to turn a large propor- tion of the land thus granted to him to the production of sugar ; and if successful, there can be little doubt that others will avail themselves of the immense tracts of fertile land available in Borneo for the same purpose; aud the agricultural development of the country, its surest source of wealth, will be thus permanently assured. IMMIGRATION.-A few days ago we {Queens- land Times) were asked by " Inquirer " to furnish him with answers to the following questions:-"(1.) How many immigrants have come to Queensland since March 31, 1882?(2) How many since January 1, 1879 ?" We have not been able to obtain exact answers to these queries, but the follow- ing information, kindly supplied to us, an applca tion, by the Registrar-General (Mr. Henry Jordan) and the Immigration Agent (Sir St. G. Ralph Gore), will, we think, serve the purposes of our correspondent :-From the 31st of March to the 30th of Novomber, 1882, 9642 souls arrived in the colony, of which number 8501 were adults. The total arrivals of immigrants in 1879 were 13,828 ; in 1880, 13,320; in 1881, 16,223. The arrivals from Europe by immigrant vessels, mail-steamers, ftc., were-in 1879, 4086 ; in 1880, 3404 ; in 1881I, 4251. Th2 numbers of statute adults introduced by th2 Government during the same years were respectively 3555½, 2946, and 3683. GAS LAMP FIRE.-The following paragraph, in reference to a fire caused by a portable gas lamp, is from the Burrangong Argus:-"A fire broke out at Mr. Cranfield's aerated water factory, Burrowa street, on Thursday evening caused, it appears, by the ignition of some fluid used for the portable gas lamps. It seems that one of the men in the factory was in the act of filling the lamp, while another was holding a candle, when, from the splashing of the fluid near the flame, or the production of thc gas, for the temperature of the factory was very warm, it took fire. The man who was holding the drum of fluid let it fall, and a stampede was made by all hands to the door, the fluid meanwhile running out on the floor, where it speedily became converted into gas, and the whole of one end of the factory was soon full of flame, which took hold of all the woodwork around. Several neighbours made at once for the spot, and there being plenty of water at hand the fire was extinguished, but not before it had effected considerable damage. Some of the woodwork of the building was much charred, and will have to be replaced, and a quantity of material used in the building was destroyed. Mr. Cranfield, who was not insured, estimates his loss at from £60 to £80. 