THE OLDEST LMI. " AEno Largo," or " Long-Hide," accord ing to the English derivation of the Spanish word, burned himself to death at the Real del Castillo, California. For some time the old In. dianhad been feeble andlinable towalk. During the recent heavy rains that fell in that region the old man sought refuge in a cabin near by. Last week he crawled up to the house of Senor Francisco Parma and told him he was veryhungry. The latter gave him a.good dinner, besides furnishing provisions for fo ture emergencies and then instructed the other Indians at the ranchoria to care for him. They replied that they had always done so,.as they entertained unusual rever. ence for the old man on account of his age. Thursday, the date in question, was a cold day in Lower California, and "Long Hide" was given an extra blanket by his dusky friends. This he soon tore into strips, put them on a fire and soon his " teepe" or brush house, was all ablaze. When this had been accomplished, despair for the moment seem ing to seize him, he plunged headlong into the burning mass. \- L nP m. B rnadian near by seized him anD tried to drag him out of danger, but the old man grabbed a stake in the ground near by, held himself in the fire, and before other help could come was literally roasted alive, dying within a few hours after the occurance mentioned. " Long Hide" was married and the father of several children when the miss ion of San Diego was built, one hundred and twenty years ago,. and from what he told parties who visited him he must have been not less than thirty years of age at the time. Three or four years ago he lost a eon who could remember when the mission was fi?st built by Franciscan friars. This son must have been not less than 120 years of age. " Long Hide" told of the first settlement of Old Town years before the mission was built, of the coming of ships for water at Russian springs, and many things of great interest in the past history of San Diego and vicinity. Jaun Melendrcz who lives near the Real del Castillo, says he knew "Long Hide" fifty years ago and that he appeared nearly as old then as he did the week before he died. He says that the old man frequently beat the best horses owned in the country on trips to San Diego, one hundred miles distant from the Real, and that he often chased deer until they gave up with fatigue. He would then cap. ture them after they had laid down for rest. Until a year ago he was able to walk about and travel quite well. Since then he has been obliged to crawl about on all fours, likea cat or dog. He retained his'sight perfectly and all the faculties of mind up to the day he died.-San Diego Sun. DOW5N M THE DUiK. DowN in the lower levels of our mines, hundreds of feet below the surface of the earth, in the dominions of Erebus, where darkness ever holds its reign unbroken by the light of day, are found some curious growths. The grass Valley Tidings makes the follow. ing mention of a specimen of this subterran ean vegetation : "On Saturday some miners found a rather queer specimen in the 700 level in the Idaho mine. The specimen which was found among the timber, is a sort of fungus (punk, webelieve the miners call it), and is just the shape of a human hand. The hand has five fingers and athumb, and appears to be in a sort of cramp ed position. It is a singular looking speci men, and may be seen at the Wisconsin hotel." In the lower levels of the Oomstock mines -particularly those long abandoned or un used-are seen many wonderful growths of different kinds of fungi. Some of these are of great size, almost filling up drifts, and seen by the dim light of a candle look like sheeted ghosts. Down below in the dark these growths seem to strive to imitate the forms-o . things seenoo. th surfae.- In one of ourmines was once found an imitation of a fancifully-carved meershaum pipe, stem and all, so perfect that it would easily be mistaktn for the genuine articleif not taken in the hand and closely cx amined. Some of the fungi resemble the horns of animals, and are from two feet to a yard in length, while others might pass for petrified devil.ilsh.-- irginia Enterprise. 