A TRIP TO PORT PIRIE. BV A NEW CHUM. On Easter Monday morning at G a.m your contributor was aroused from his goldmounted, silkcanopied bed by a gruff voice which shouted forth : " I say, arn't you up yet ?" and then I remembered that, alas, I had promised to set sail at 7 a.m. in the Flinders for a trip to Port Pirie. " My dear boy, it isn't time yet," replied this truthful deponent, coaxingly. But it was of no use. Cerberus himself could not have been more inexorable than my tormentor. " Not time yet ? Why we're too late!" Then the rain descended faintly. I held my breath, in anticipation of a good, legitimate, square-toed downpour. "Listen to the rain," said I as softly as tiiough it. were a bird which I might frighten away if I 6poke too loudly. " Rain, pooh, why you're not afraid of a drop of rain surely. Nonsense, come get up." I tried him again; "but no body'll be there." "Why not? They've made up their minds to go, so of cours>~ they will." I could hardly see the logic of this remark, but it seemed the fates were against me, and after waiting patiently for another shower with as little success as Matiana in the Moated Grange I managed to assume an upright posture and sighing heavily proceeded to put on my best coat because it was warmest, and to equaliso matters donned an old felt hat. in order to testify that my young days had departed, sod unlike the " baseless fabric of a vision," had left a few " wracks" behind in the shape of—well it is perhaps as well not to particularise. The fog horn (if that be the proper name) of the Flinders was blowing lustily, like a rhinocerous in delirium tremens, and on making my way to Tassie's jetty found a goodly number of the male youth and a small modicum of the fair sex assembled in travelling costume. The costume was little different (as regards the men) from their ordinary habiliments cxcept a little eccentricity^ as to the chapeau business. The agent was there with his blandest of transatlantic smiles, and indeed he seemed glad he was alive. One youth of about 40 summers, whose appearance betokened an entire absence from carking care, seemed busily employed in shaking hands with everybody. The vessel was just about comfortably filled, and all seemed inclined to enjoy themselves. The amuse- ments on the down voyage wero varied. The agent " barracked" the forty-year- old youth and induced him by overt means to "shout" for everybody. When about a dozen "particular friends" bad gulped down their respective liquors an adjournwas made on deck or to the piano where the youth sang vigorously and otherwise kept the community alive. When on deck the principle source of amusement was pitching a sea quoit iuto buckets. There were three of these ntensils and all one had to do wa& to put it in the centre receptacle. I tried it, but one quoit struck a baby in the eye and another went overboard, so I contended Nature had not intended me for a sea quoit player. There was no lack, however, of players. A few ardent adherents of chess found a haven to indulgo in this fast sort of amusement, and a rifleman watched over the bows for a porpoise to wreak his revenge upon. Down below "the Doctor" played, and corks flew about merrily. A little dancing was done on deck to the inspiring strains of a concertina, but there was more concertina than polkaor waltz. An 11 o'clock lunch, substantial and enjoyable, was the cause of much gastric juice being ex: pended and bottles not a few were emptied. A call was made at Port Gerraein, where the mile long jetty caused much comment. I was told that it was a "political job" worked by a few men who were " in it" It did certainly Beem rather strange that this little port where there were no ehipe should have a splendid jetty, while Port Augusta had, to put it mildly, such defec tive wharfs. However, they should take a lesson from the G^nnein people and "work the oraclc" in a similar manner. Passengers being landed and tnken aboard, a second start was made, and about 1 o'c lock we were steaming up thi Port Piriv creek. The tide was low and the rain -falling in torrents the harbour looked miserable. The beacons, not being surrounded by water, were surrounded with mud, and they looked about as cheerful an a skeleton in a desert or a man "cleaned out"' at a gambling table. Port Augusta need never fear the rivalry of Port Pirie, in its maritime aspect On arriviag at the Queen's Wharf (I think it was called) those on board were informed that they woild have to pay a shilling on landing. It seemed that the Regntta committee had portioned off this wharf as a grand stand. Then there arose a murmuring like that of the Children of Israel ; the agent alone smiled. "How much?' said he sweetly. "A sliillin." gruffly sail a regatta official, with a red ribbon in his buttonhole. " Will you stop us from landing, unless we pay a shilling each?" Then explanations arose and it transpired that what was meant was that if the passengers came down the wharf to see tiie Regatta they would have to part with the coin in question. As the passengers only wanted for the most part to get to the nearest pub, the committee did not collect much of this " poll-tax." The appearance of Port Pirie during rainy weather is not calculated to induce the average producer to sell all he has at a sacrifice and live there content if lie can earn but enough to buy bread and beer withal. Some of the buildings are large and the public offices are a decided im provement upon those at Port Augusta, while the wharfs arc immeasurably superior to those in the farther north seaport. But the streets being composed of silt are in wet weather a perfect tarror. The sand of Port Augusta even on a hot wind day is agreeable in comparison. The regatta as may be imagined was held under very discouraging surroundings. It may have been a success, but the Flinders excursionists did not think so. Somebody said just before we came away that Port Augusta had won three events, and as nobody contradicted him it must be concluded that this was a fact. At five o'clock a large crowd collected to 6ee the Flinders take her departure and after some " chaff" about the poll-tax episode our vessel headed for home, sweet home. The principal object of interest on board for about half an hour was an intoxicated Irishman who had a grievance against some party or parties unknown and wanted, to believe bis own story, to shed blood. He had not, it was evident, just come from the Emerald Isle, and had in his travels picked up a fow sayings, such as " I'm your Moses," and " freeze to him." But he was not quite text perfect in his slang, and after challenging his unseen foe to fight he said " Come on ; if you like I'm ' the' Moses." Tin's was repeated a few hundred times until he got tired of it, and then he made the rather safo assertion that he would fight the spalpeen if he would "freeze to him." He probably meant that he would freeze to his opponent, but he mixed the matter up a little. His next assertion was that he would " swing for it" if he (the foe) liked, and if the feeling6 of this gentleman could have been ascertained they would no doubt have coincided with those of the utterer of the statement. However a friendly tar purchased his silence with a glass of Dunville, and the last seen of him was the steward running him out of the saloon for commencing hostilities afresh because nobody would shout for him. He was landed safely at his Port Germein home, and no doubt before he got to the end of that long pier was perfectly sober. Coming back the party enjoyed themselves thoroughly ; there wa6plenty of local talent on board, and the piano was kept jingling. There were others who " went to bed" in the cabins, and emerged therefrom with blinking eyes and rumpled hair not unliko the ghosts that flitted before Macbeth. I Bhould not forget to state that the forty-year-old youth did not return as he intended to go to Adelaide. From about 10 o'clock until midnight certain disputatious individuals persisted in disturbing the card players by absurd requests to "read out alond" for the amusement of the company. A bank manager, who was deeply immersed in a game of whist, bought two of the refractory individualsa drink each in the vain hope of keeping them quiet but it was in vain that the shilling was expended. The subject of " cause and effect" was unhappilj started, and the two mutineers persisted in asking reputatable citizens and fathers of families if they considered themselves causes or effects ? One said he didn't know, another consigned his tormentor to a warmer climate than Port Pirie, and another quietly signed to Martin to supply them with a long drink, knowing that they could scarcely talk and drink at the same time. The party was at length forced to abandon their small game and come on deck where the argument was renewed. The Port Augusta lights were now clearly seen, and about midnight the steamer was made fast alongside the wharf, and all as they stepped ashore felt that after all there were worse places than Port Augusta. 