GENERAL NEWS. Murder in the Northern Territory.— By the courtesy of the Commissioner of Police we have received the following in j formation, which has been' forwarded to him by Inspector Besley, at Port Augusta: —" Copy of "telegram from Telegraph Master, Powell's Creek, re murder of Martin by natives at Lawson's Springs, on Wednesday evening, AuguBt 29'' John Bees and Joseph E. Martin, teamsters, with Government rations for this station, left wagons on road, near Lawson's Creek, in charge of the cook. A Malay drove the j bullocks to the Springs, a distance of two miles from road, for water, intending to camp there. Five ratives followed wagons from Newcastle, appearing friendly. Boring 1 evening two strange natives went to wagbns, whom cook warned off. They then went to the Springs and camped there with other five natives. Bees and Martin slept in a break- ; wind of dry boughs erected by party when clearing out from the Springs, about twenty five yards apart, and their two blackbovs a short distance away and the natives about twenty-five yards from Bees and Martin. At abont 10.30 p.m. Bees was awakened by a noise, and saw a native swinging a large blazing stick, and heard one blackboy cry ont, rWhat for blackfellow kill white fellow?' He ran to Martin's camp, singing ont and firing shots to frighten the natives. He saw a native throw down the fire-stick, which he found lying on Martin's mouth, the grass and breakwind i being on fire. He dragged Martin out of the fire, whom he found tone dead. He then left for the wagons with the blackboys, and started one on horseback to the station for assistance, which arrived here at noon on Thursday. Mr. Jones (the assistant) and two men left the same afternoon and arrived at the wagons at midnight. Mr. Jones inspected the boav the following morning, and found the skull smashed in on the right side, just above the forehead. The face and head were covered with blood. A stick was lying near | the body, one end of which was much burnt and spattered with blood. He saw to the burial of the body, and took possession of all the deceased's property, also the stick. The natives did not attempt to interfere with the wagons. Bees and the cook can identify the natives that followed the wagons. Mr. Allan GileB, J.P., of Tennant's Creek, is now absent from the station. The trooper at Pine Creek is now the nearest on the north side." Arrest of an Alleged Absconder.— Yesterday morning (says the Sydney Eeening News of August 28). just before the sailing of the M.M.S. Saghalien, for Noumea, Detec tives Greaves and Andrews succeeded iu effecting the arrest of a man named Frank Hann, on a charge of larceny as a bailee, said to have been committed at Adelaide. The arreBt was made on the authority issued in Adelaide, and communicated provisionally to the police at Sydney. A description of the alleged absconder Hann was sent by the Adelaide police. He has, however, been at large for some time, for the offence is said to have been committed nearly three months ago. He was suspected of being in Sydney, but although a vigilant look-out was kept on all departing steamers, he succeeded in evading capture until yesterday on board the Saghalien, in which he had taken a saloon passage for New Caledonia. When acoosted on board the ship he admitted that his name was Hann, but objected to being taken into custody, alleging that thb police had no authority to arrest him. He was, however, taken to the Central Police Court by virtue i of the provisional warrant, and being charged J before the sitting S.M., was remanded for seven days, pending the receipt of the original warrant and other documents. The accused is said to be well-known in Sydney, and carried on business in a considerable way at Adelaide. The offence with which he is charged is that of receiving a valuable security for £45, and converting it to his own use. Will of the Late W. H. Vosz.— Probate to the will of the late W. H. E. Vosz, of Bundle-street, Adelaide, house decorator and plumber, was granted by the Begistrar | of Probates on Friday, August 31. The real and personal estate was sworn under £155,591, upon which sum the Government receive £1,555 18s. 2d. as probate and succession dnties. The will was executed on October | 2,1882, and there was also a codicil dated March 24, 1883. The testator bequeathed £10,000 each to his stepdaughters and step son for their own and separate use; to his cousins, now residing in Hamburg, £10,000 each, and £3,000 to a second cousin resident | at Washington, U.S.A.; to two of his em ployes £1,000 each, and to another £500; to a friend in Bavaria £1,000, and £3,000 to another; to his wife £2:000 per annum for life, and the residue to his father. To one of his employes he leaves a legacy of £65 per annum, to become payable as soon as. he shall be unfit for work ; to the charitable institutions in Adelaide " except Churches and religious bodies" £4,000 to be distributed as the trustees mav think fit. The codicil, however, revokes the legacies to two of the employes referred- to. but in other respects ] the will remains the same, Hyde Park Tramway Company.— Another extension of the Adelaide tramway J system was opened to Hyde Park on Satur day, September 1. Four cars left the ter minus opposite the Post-Office at 3 o'clock, conveying a number of shareholders and other J representative personage to the stables of the Company, where a light refreshment was partaken of. The Hon. G. W. Cotton occu pied the chair, and, in a short speech, declared the line open for traffic. Mr. J. H. Symon, M.P., the senior member for the district, proposed "Success to the Adelaide and Hyde Park Tramway Company." In a pithy speech he referred to the progress which had been made in the district since he had been its member in the House of Assembly, and concluded by saying that he hoped the Company would not be taxed until they were making a profit, and that when they did make a profit he hoped that they would pay a big tax—not a tax upon the capital, but upon the profits. These last remarks were received with cheers. Iu replying to tbe toast of the Unley Cor poration, Mr. Greer (the Mayor) stated that , during the past two years a house for every dayinthe yearhad been erected in the district. Several other toasts were proposedand duly re sponded to, and the proceedings were brought; loyally to a close by the toast of Her Majesty's health. The line was only finished about naif on hour before the opening, and, as might have been anticipated, several mis haps occurred, but none of a serious character. The termini are two and a half miles apart, and the total cost of the work to date is £11,000, including £1,100 worth of rails and sleepers to carry on the extension to West bourne Bark, Besignation.—We understand that the Bev. T. Y. Morcombe jhas resigned his posi tion as a minister in (connection with the Bible Christian Church, and that he will leave that body at the end of the current quarter. Glenelo, Brighton, and Stdet Perma nent Building and Investment Society.— The half-yearly meeting was held on Friday evening, August 31, at the Society's office, Glenelg, Mr. H. Measday, Chairman of Directors, presiding. The Directors, in pre senting the report and balance-sheet, con gratulated the shareholders upon the continued prosperity of the Society, and announced a profit of 10 per cent, per annum upon the half-year's transactions. They also stated that the number of .share holders was steadily increasing, and that all the funds of the Society were invested. The report and balance-sheet were read and adopted. Messrs. Measday and Manthorpe. the retiring Directors, and Messrs. Allen and Gell, the retiring Anditors, were re-elected. Municipality of Unlet.—A proposition tnfit the Council of Unley be authorized to declare a farther rate of sixpence in the pound upon the assessment for the current year having been submitted at a public meeting of the ratepayers in the Town Hall at Unley on Monday, AuguBt 27, and declared lost, a poll of the ratepayers was demanded. In accor dance with such demand a poll was held in the Unley Town Hall on Friday, the 31st ult,, and resulted as followsFor the rate 76 persons, representing 246 votes, against 177 persons, representing 420 votes. Majority of 101 persons, having 174 votes, against the proposal. There waslittle interest shown in the polling, as the small number out of about 2.000 ratepayers who recorded their votes chows. The Mayor (Mr. J. S. Greer) de slared the resnlt to about twenty persons. Areas Market Gaeden and Peesebving Company.—The annual meeting of share holders was held at the offices of the Com pany, Institute, Laura, on Wednesday even ing, 29th ult.. Mr. R. B. Farrar, J.P., Chair man, in the chair. There was a fair atten dance of shareholders, representing 3,870 shares. The Chairman congratulated the shareholders on the satisfactory position of the Company, and stated that although pro gress was rather slower than anticipated, yet it was sure. As would be seen by the report and balance-sheet, the net profit to date amounted to £G20 3s. 10d., out of which the Directors proposed to pay a dividend of 10 per cent, on the paid-up capital, which would absorb £497 0s. 6d., leaving a balance to carry forward of £123 3s. 4d. The sales during the past season had not been quite as successful as was anticipated, in consequence of the tightness of the money market in the Northern Areas^ In view of the increasing business < sine ss of the Company it had been decided to offer the unallotted Bhares, numbering 3,373, to the public at an early date. He moved the adoption of the balance sheet and report. The motion was seconded by Mr. J. tSibly, and carried. The retiring Directors (Messrs. W. J. Bowker andT. White, jun.) were re-elected without opposition. The remuneration to the Direc tors was fixed at 10s. each per meeting. The Auditors' fees were fixed at £1 4s. each. Messrs. James Spicer, J.P., and J. A. Hill were appointed Auditors. Mr. Copas moved —"That clause 90 be altered to read, ' That a balance-sheet be presented once every year' instead of every half-year," as It was found impossible to show a correct profit-and-loss account in January, when nearly the whole of the nursery stock for the year was still unsold. Seconded by Mr. J. P. Walton and carried. A vote of thanks was passed to the Chairman, Directors, and Manager. Cabinet and Chaib Makebs, Polisher?, and Ufholsteeers.—A meeting of these trades was held in the Sir John Barleycorn Hotel on Friday evening to consider the present depression. There was a very large attendance, and Mr. Harwood was voted to the chair. The Chairman referred to the depressed state of the furniture trade, and said he believed that the exces sive importation very materially caused the want of employment. A check should be placed on these importations by imposing a heavier duty than 10 per cent., which would not only prevent the unfair com petition to which they were subjected, but would keep the money in the colony. The imported stuff in most cases was of a very inferior nature, and the importers brought it in during the winter, well knowing that if the same arrived in summer it would be almost unsaleable, as the hot weather would quickly expose its defects. Various other speakers endorsed the Chairman's views, and it was mentioned by Mr. Coulson that, whereas twelve months ago he had thirty-four em ployes, there were only eight at the present time. Mr. Chalmers moved—" That in the opinion of this meeting the importation of so much ready-made turnitnre is both injurious to the trade and the colony in general, and that this meeting urges the neces sity of a 25-per cent duty." This ! was seconded by Mr. Wyld, and carried unanimously. Mr. Altman moved, and Mr. J. Pollock seconded—" That all the 1 material imported for the use of the furni ture trade Bhall be admitted dnty free." Carried without a dissentient. Mr. Coulson moved and Mr. Palmer seconded—" That all present form themselves into a Protection Society." Carried. The following com mittee were then appointed to carry out the opinions of the meeting:—Messrs. Coulson, Palmer, Haddrick, Griffiths, Dicks, Battinson, Meliing, and Harwood, with power to add to their number. The Chairman then stated that he quite agreed J with the taxation proposals of the Govern ment, and he thought the meeting should express its approval. Mr. Haddrick moved —" That this meeting cordially agrees with ] the taxation proposals of the Government, and hopes that the same may be carried.'' He eulogized the scheme because it would include those who were never pre- | perly.taxed Iiefore. Mr. Kellor, who was the only other speaker, seconded the proposition, which was carried, with one dissentient. A proposition was moved during the meet ing that a deputation of employers and employes should wait on the Chief Secretary, and request him to try and carry out the terms of the first two motions; but it wa3 withdrawn in favour of a suggestion—which will probably be carried out by the com mittee—that a mass meeting of the vario is trades should be held in the Town Hall, and a deputation be formed therefrom. Shipping in Poet.—The number of ships I in Port Adelaide on Friday, August 31, was 50, excluding tugs, hulks, Government vessels, and others under 20 tons. Of these 9 were extracolonial, 10 intercolonial, and 31 coast ing. The register tonnage approximated 12.S6G, or extracolonial 7,771, intercolonial 3.494, and coasting lt601. The dearth of shipping at the Port is very marked. The Corporation Wharf has a timber-ship or two, but below Jervois Bridge up to Lipson-street there was only one vessel lying alongside the ; wharfs above a hundred tons register. The Company's Basin and the Port Dock seemed I the only places where anything like shipping activity was displayed. This result is partly due to the fact that so much of the trade is being done by steamers, whose stay in the Port is of the briefest description, partly owing to the loading and unloading done at the anchorage, and partly to the state of the season. The Jubieee Exhibitions—A meetiug of tbe Executive -Committee of the Adelaide Jubilee Exhibition was held at Government House on Saturday, September 1. There were present His Excellency the Governor il? thf chair), Sir W. Milne, the Chief Secre tary, the Commissioner of Crown Lands, the Minister of Education, the Chief Justice, and Messrs. R. Rees, MP., T. Johnson, &P.;, W. Everard, J.P., S. Davenport, J.P. (Execu tive Commissioner), the Government Archi tect, Dr. Schombuigk, and Mr. H. J. Andrews, the Hon. Secretary. The report of the Extenor Grounds Committee was brought up and adopted. It included plans prepared by*Dr. Schomburgk for planting and laying out the grounds m connection with the Exhi bit"® at an estimated cost of irom £1,000 to ®E200. The whole of the grounds from the King William-road to the Frame Bridge-road will be dealt with, except that portion which is occupied by permanent buildings. It was mentioned during tbe course of the meeting that the City Council had agreed not to pro* ceed with the work of constructing the road in a direct line from Pnlteney-street to the Frame Bridge until after the Exhibition in order that it might be utilized in laying out the grounds. The Fine Arts Committee re commended the appointment of Sir W. Milne and Mr. John Tyas as members of that com mittee, and the Finance Committee also asked that Mr. H. J. Andrews should be elected to it. The suggestions were approved of. The Finance Committee submitted pro posals respecting the banking arrangements and the passing of accounts, which were agreed to, and it was further resolved that any funds at the disposal of the committee should be banked at the Bank of South Aus tralia. Tlie appointment of a permanent Secretary was postponed, and the meeting then terminated. Largs Bay Land Company.—The Largs Bay Land Company have made temporary arrangements with the Glenelg Railway Com pany for the workingof the passenger traffic to and from Largs Bay from the Glanville Railway Station, Trains will be run at such times as are most convenient to the public, and so timed as to meet the trains running to and from Port Adelaide. We understand that the fares will be the same as upon the Norwood Tramway line, and collected in like manner. A revised time-table will be found in another column. Roman Catholic Items.—On Saturday morning at 8 o'clock 20ii young people of both sexes, after communicating at Mass, received the sacrament of confirmation from the hands of the Bishop. The female candidates were ail robed in white, the hoys wearing a special badge. Previous to thereception of the sacrament the Bishop impressed upon them roe nature of the obligations they contracted. His Lordship then proceeded to administer the sacrament, after which he again exhorted their to avoid the dangers that beset them as soldiers of_ the Cross of Christ. He warned then) especially of the sin of drunkenness, and invited them to join the League of tlie Cross, which numbers over 21,000, the children pro mising thereby to become total abstainers until they completed their twenty-first year. His Lordship then imparted the benediction. The following priests were in attendance on the Bishop during the ceremony:—The Very Rev. the Vicar-General (Archdeacon Russell), the Bishop's Chaplain (Father O'Sullivan), and Fathers Norton and Hackett. The children sang at the beginning of the ceremony the hymn of the Holy Ghost, and as the Bishop and the clergv left the sanctuary they sang " Faith of Our Fathers." On Saturday evening Sister Mary Baptist, of the Order of St. Dominie,_ whO had been suffering some time from disease of the heart, succumbed rather suddenly. Her remains will he interred in the West terrace Cemetery. Burned to Death,—A telegram received from Naseby, Otago, says a tire, attended with fatal consequences, took place there on August 11, in a dwelling-house oc cupied by Mrs. Cockroft and two of the family, which was totally destroyed. It apjiears that the mother had retired to bed first, and before the others were asleep they were alarmed by seeing flames proceeding from the bedroom. They made an effort to rouse their mother, hut were unsuccessful, the flames gaining possession of the building very quickly. The children were got out safely, and an alarm raised as soon as possible. The body of the woman has been recovered. Last Week's Earthquakes.—The station master at Daly Waters reports:—" On Sun day, 2Gth ult., about midnight, we were awakened by an explosion resembling shot nred in blasting rock, which continued rum bling for a few minutes. Next day (Monday), between 9.30 and 10 a.m., a similar noise, with slight vibration, was heard and felt, continuing for fifteen minutes. Men camped five miles south of the station also heard it. j Natives say that Frew's Waterholcs and others of a similar character were formed in this way in very dry seasons." Mr. Skinner, , of Alice Springs, reports;—"A noise was heard in three different places in this vicinity at about 10.10 a.m. on Monday, It was exceedingly like the report of a rifle being fired twice within an interval of a few seconds. The noise was heard at Alice Springs; also at the Sheep Camp, nine miles west of the station, and at Undoolyoo, twenty-five miles east of Alice Springs." The Labour Market.—Mr. J. Kemp Penney reports that the Adelaide and Glenelg Railway Company have given notice to eighteen of their workmen, consisting of carpenters, fittei'3, boiler-makers, engineers, &c.; These men are all first- class artisans, and there isnocomplaict against them except slackness of work. Building Improvements.—An attractive addition to the list of new buildings recently erected in the suburbs are a butcher's shop, and premises at North Adelaide, which have "been built for Mr. Henrich Just. The shop which, perhaps, is one of the best in the colonies, is 38 feet long and 20 feet broad, and haB been fitted after the style of similar shops in St. Petersburg. There are brass and Bteel hooks, and all the latest appliances for the display of meat; while blue-and-white tiles, with a marble counter and cement dressings, make up the ornamental portion. The builders were Messrs. Vye & Warburton, and the architects Messrs. Bayer & Withal!. The amount of the original contract was £3,098, hut by the time the fittings are fixed and additions made the amount will exceed £4,000. Glenelg Corporation.—At the meetiug of the Glenelg Corporation held on Friday night, August 31, the matter of the state of the municipal finances cropped up. A motion to obtain the consent of the ratepayers to declare a further rate of 6d. in the pound on the assessment, or raise £2,000 by a loan, was carried. Councillor Lee, the Chairman of the Finance Committee, brought up a special report on the finances, which showed that the Corporation was almost in an insolvent state and that there was a deficit in the year's accounts of £1,450; and that contracts and works amounting to £872 were in hand. It was subsequently decided to hold a public ; meeting to consider the matter. Pairs.—On the Government scheme of taxation Mr. Dixson (in favour) paired with Mr. Tomkinson (against). Chinese Pirates.—The barqne Flodden, which went ashore a few days ago in Chinese waters, has, as was feared, become a total wreck. Chinese pirates took possession of and completely plundered her. A Chinese Schoolmaster—A Chinese youth named Ho Hing (says the Avoca Free, Press J is likely to be appointed head teaoher of the Percydale School, Victoria. He is the son of a Chinese merchant, his mother being a European, and from childhood he is said to have displayed wonderful talents. Railway Traffic Returns.—The number of passengers conveyed on the Port line on Monday was 16,000, 2,292 were carried on the Nairne line, 4,000 on the North, and 4,600 on the Glenelg line. Improvements in Hindmarsh.—Although the present year has been marked by a general depression in commercial pursuits, it is satisfactory to note that steady progress has been made in the Town of Hmamarsh, which embraces Brompton, Bowden, Brorap ton Park, Croydon, &c.; With regard to buildings generally, Messrs. Peacock & Son are having extensive premises erected for a tannery on the sonth Bide of the River Torrens. Mr. David Reid, of the Stirlingshire Tannery, is making extensive alterations in order to adopt the latest method of preparing leather for market. Messrs. John Reid ana Son and Scriven Brothers are also enlarging their workshops consequent on increased business. Very shortly the main sewer will ne available for connection from the various manufactories, the benefit from which has already been fully appreciated by residents living in proximity to"works that have been attached to the sewer. The Apollo Candle Company have gone to considerable expense in the erection of premises and machinery. Mr. Robert Jarvis, coachbuilder and ma chinist, is having workshops erected in order to give more attention to the lighter class of work. King & Son, builders, nave also increased their premises by the erection of a handsome shop for furniture and house fittings. The class of dwellings, too, lately erected are of a superior description. Amongst others may be mentioned villa residences built both in Hindmarsh proper and Hindmarsh West, also in Bromp ton and Bowden, On the Port-road frontage improvements have been made by the erection of shops and dwellings. The Post and Telegraph building is up to the street level, and good progress is being made by the contractor. The committee of the Insti tute hope to replace the present venerable front of the building during the coming year. The local Horticultural Society have been en deavouring to diffuse a love oi flowers amongst the residents generally, and the many well-attended garden plots to be seen show that a taste for horticultural pursuits is on the increase. Attention to treeplanting on the footpaths is also ob servable, the latest being Mr. R. Jarvis, who has protected the trees by light iron guards, painted white. It is hoped by the residents generally that the largtk income expected by the Municipal Council from the increased assessment will enable them to put a better material oa the footpaths of the town, that used at present being of a very primitive description, ani which during the wet weather is very unpleasant for pedes trians. American Cigarettes.—Meio York Life, after investigating the manufacture of cigar ettes, ear s" Cigarette smokers will be pleased to learn that the mildest cigarettes are benevolently made from fine cut tobacco, out of which the injurious strength has been already chewed by gentlemen of leisure." Volunteer Items. — Men who are al lowed to re-enrol within two months of the expiration of their term of service will for the future be entitled to the gratuity. When men are ordered to parade in great coats they will wear belts ana accoutrements outside. When they wear the great'eoat without order, as in coming to or going from parade in wet or cold weather, it will be worn over their belts and accoutrements. Leave of absence is granted as follows, viz.:— Private Mahony, F Company, three months; Private J. OT&eilly;, K Company, three months ; Private J. Phillips, K Company, three months; Private G. Pullan.K Com pany, three weeks; Private J. Milling, K Company ; Private Cave, Private A. Stone, L Company, three months from 25th inst. Private Miller, A Company, is promoted Cor poral ; Lance-corporal Watson, C Company, is promoted Corporal; and Private Brokate Lance-corporal. Determined Attempt at Suicide.—A very daring attempt at suicide was made by a woman named Mary White, alias Mary Foo Suti, aged 22, on Friday Aug 13., but owing to the energetic action of a constable, the design was frustrated. It appears that the woman liveB with a Chinaman in Solomon-street. At about 8 p.m. on Friday she was crying, and Millicent Reid, who also lives with a Chinaman in the same street, asked her what was the matter. She saia that she had seen Foo Suti larking with another girl. She gave Reid the ring off her finger, a handkerchief from her neck, told her to take care of her baby, and left the house, saying she was going away and that they would see her no more. Constable Richmond, who was on duty iu Morphett-street, heard Reid telling a couple of persons about the affair, and he strolled down towards the Morphett street Bridge. There he saw White standing on the bridge, without her hat, talking to two mcu. He asked iter what she was doing, and she replied—"Waiting for a chap who is coming from North Ade laide at 9 p.m.," the time then being8.45 p.m. The constable then spoke to the men, when White walked two or three yards away from them, and taking a look at the dark water sprang over the bridge into the river. One of the men caught hold of her dress as she was going over, but could not hold her. The constable with the men then rushed to the side of the stream, took a boat, and though it was very dark manged to grasp the woman, and drag her into the beat. Dr. Ciindening was called, arrived quickly, and applied restoratives, which bronght her round, though the doctor says death bad nearly lesulted. Gold-mining in Tasmania.—The follow ing is extracted from the Launceston Examiner:—" Work was commenced on the Tasmania ground on the 12th October, 1877, and up to the 4th of the present month 78,466 tons of stone had been crushed, yield ing 4 tons 793 lb. 5 oz. of gold. The amonnt paid in dividends to the same date is £277,500. The last six months £25,000 has been paid, being £1,000 in excess of that paid by the Madame Berri, of Creswick. The length of No. 1 drive is 1,306 feet, the reef being from 15 feet to 18 feet wide, in one place being as much as 50 feet. No. 2 drive is 2,452 feet long; aveiage width of reef, 12 feet. No. 3, 799feet; reef, 14 feet. No. 4, 200 feet; reef, 5 feet. 