OUR PaBIS LETrER [From our own Correspondent. 3 Paris, May 15. An alarming accident occurred to onr of M. de Lesseps' children the other day. M. de Lesseps was returning from a ride in the woods, himself on horseback and five ot his children on ponies, when, while passing near the F.sole Monge, a dug cart, tbe horse of which had bolted, slashed among the party before they had time to range themselves aside. One pony was knocked down, and the little girl who was riding u was stunned in the tail, she was carried into a house close by and soon came round. She was found not to have sustained any serious injury, and was able to remount her pony and ride home. The Zouave Jacob has a great number of believers in his system of cure by magnetism. A Parts journalist describes a consultation by ibis rival of the faculty in a villa of the Arcane Saint Oisen, in which be resides About 80 persons were seated on the benches in a large room ; tbe greater part ot them were men, women and children of the working classes, but with them were more than a dozen well-dressed ladies, and as many persons who were evidently present from motives of curiosity. The Zouave came forward in a jacket, and, addrtising his audience, said :— ' Why are you ill ? — Because you eat too many good things. Eat dry bread, and vegetables especially. You drink wine, — it is poison. Do as I do — drink water ; go to bed early. I am neither a doctor nor a sorcerer. It I cure you, it is by my fluid.' He then offered his portrait and a pamphlet for one franc. By this means he is making an in come of 30,000 franus a year. GHOSTS.— An attempt u being made in tbe eld country to revive the belief iu visitant) troni another world, and many are the wouderiul stories that fill some of the joui nab. The tceptical mind is , however, incline i to adopt Scrooge's lem&rk; to AlarJey'n ghost; ' How do I know that you are not a bit of undigeau-d bread ?' far, of all the ghost producers, a bit of ' heavy' bread is the most potent. It is a wonder therefore, that people do not adopt the unrest spell against ghosts by using Borwiek'u Oold Medal Baking Powder in making bread; for, although it won't ' raise ghosts,' it will raine bread In the most admirable fosuioa. Every wise storekeeper bss it bf him, and every good housewife buys it. 