LOCAL NEWS. TflE etcanior Lcichhardt loft Brisbano at 3 o* clock yesterday afternoon, nnd wo understand ehc is loaded with paseongors, including tho team of English erickoters. A mooting of tho Reception Cortamittob was Itold last tiight, and the following -arrangefnonts ; wore made land sottlod With regard to tho onsuing cricket car nival : — The Rooeptiou Committee aro invited to uieot at the Melbourne Hotel as soon us tbo signalling the Loichhardt at Dundathu. ap pears This will probably bo uboQt 11 o'clock. About noon tho visitors may bo oxpectod to land, and will bo convoyed to thoir hotel in the Transit Company's six-horso 'bus. Lunch will ensue, and tho team will then be taken by horso aud buggios to ooo of tho plantations in tho viciuity, probably Magnolia. To carry out tho foregoing, a committco consisting of Messrs. J. Graham, K. Miller, E. Corsor, and Dr. Power, has boeti formed. To-morrow (Thursday) arjd Friday will bo dovoled to tho cricket match, somewhat grandiloquently termed Wide Bay v. England. On Saturday, tlio 'provisions for entertaining the visitors havo not yot been settled, as they entirely dopcud on tho time when tho steamer loaves for tho south. But should thoro bo timo, they will probably bo takon to Gyiupic, or if only a short time is afforded & pigeon watch will be arranged. On Thursday the local Amateur Dramatic Club will give an ontertuiumcnt in the Town Hall, and at this the team will bo present, and on Friday evening a ball will be held in thoir honor at tho eamo building, and both tho acting and boll aro likely to bo well patronised. We must say that tho various committees in connection with the undertaking, togothor with their indefatigable I secretary, Mr. Doyle, aro deserving of the best I thanks of the community for tho very cordial j way they have diechargod their onerous duties, I which, by tho way* arc by no means ovor yet. I Tiie following is tho Eighteen of Wido Buy t — The . contingent of nine solccted from Mary borough players aro Mossra. C.' Powers, T. S. Warry, R. S. Warry, R. Hulpin, W. Hatton, J. Goskeli, H. Hood, S. Hurrison, W. Wright, and emergencies, T. Skinnorty and Smith. The ! Gympio seven consist of Messrs. Powell, F. I. Power, Roberts, J. Chappie, T. M'Taggart, Oswin, Hayes, and otnorgoncics Southordcn and and Shannon ; and the two from Tiaro aro Messrs, Stringer and Gordon. Tho umpire on tho Wide Bay sido is Mr. C. F. Gatakcr and the | scorer Mr. C. Foster. The colors of our men ; oro modest, as they will all be clothed in all the | immaculary of white drapery. Txik usual weekly meeting of the Committee of tbe Hospital took place yesterday afternoon, j Present : — Messrs. H. Palmer, M.L.A, (Presi dent), H. Walker (Vice-Prcsident), W. i Southerdcn, J. E. Clayton, T. R. Dickies, E. ^ Sykos, and R. W. Nctterfiold. A copy of the I proclamation of tho reserve for the new Hospital on the . north sido of Walkor | street was received froin.the Minister for Lands. ' A report from tbe sub- committee, consisting of Messrs. Diokins, Southorden, and Clayton, ap pointed to onquiro into tho internal manage ment of tho Hospital, and devising means for I the moro effective working of tho Institution, I and rooommonding the adoption of & codn of ' rules for tho guidance of tho matron, nurses, wardsmcn, and serrants was submitted. I Tho above report, with at pandod rules, wqj ' unanimously adopted, and a vote of thanks was accorded to the Bub-committco for I thoir -work in connection with tho en i quiry. Tbe rules wore ordered to be printed ' and enforced. Arrangements woro made in re ference to calling for lenders for fresh supplies. The monthly tradesmen and other accounts were passod for payment, amounting to £165 lis Id. The following are tho returns for tho past week ; — Komaining in the Hospital when last reported, 40 j since admitted, 15. Total, 55\. Discharged, 6 ; died, 0; now remaining — males 41, femalos 8. Total, 49. Out-patients, 18\. Total treated, 73. The following tenders wore oponod at the Commissioner for Railways oflico on Saturday : — For the construction of rolling stock for Southern and Western and Maryborough Rail ways, Porritt aud Filsbio ; and for 30 timber waggons, Maryborough Kail way, £15G0 ; F. G. Springall, £4350, twelve months. It will be noticed from the above that none of our local manufacturers put in tenders for tliis roll ing stock, and as we have in town at least four, and especially two, of tho finest workships in the colony for carryiug out such construction, i thcfactthatfully£5000 is as good as sont out of tbo town is very much to bo deplored. Now, wo liavo generally flattered oursolvcs that wc do the loading businoss in sawn and log tiuibor throughout Queensland, and yet it will hardly be believed that with 6uch rosourccs at our com mand, our engineering firms did not give tho tenders tho ghost of a .thought merely because thoir tiinbor wants in constructing thoso wag gons would, they knew, not be forthcoming. Last evening a meeting of tho trustees of the I Grammar School was hold in tho library of tho I boys' school-room, there being present — Messrs. R. Hart (in the chair), O. F. Gutakor, II. Monckton, H. J. Gray, H. Walker, and R. Jones. Resolved that Mr. R. M. Hyno bo in formod that ho has been rc-cloctcd a trustee, and asked if he be willing to act. Four applica tions for tho position of Music Master wore submitted to the meeting. Sufficient response not having been m&db; by tho parents to the circular issued by tho trustees rospccting tho number of pupils requiring musical instruction, it was resolved that tho appointment of Music Master bo held over until next meeting. There woro six applicants for tho appointment of gardener, but the same was postponed iu order to make enquiries. ' Accounts were passod for payment to the amount of £26 Is lOd. Mr. N. Tooth,- when on his rocont visit to Brisbano, paid a visit to Mr. NoBbit, tho En gineer of Harbors and Rivers, at his oflico, and that gentleman kindly shewed him a plan of the cutting which is being mado by tho Saurian, past the Black Rock. Mr. Tooth was after wards onablod to obtain a tracing of tho plan on stating that ho thought the Chamber of Com merce would be glad to havo it. Wo aro informed thot a meeting of tlio Chamber will shortly bo held to discuss tho matter. Wo have not seen tho plan, but understand that .tho schcwo is a comprehensive ono. Tjii$ crickct match between tho Porcy C.C. and Jiowcn C.C, which was played out last Saturday, resulted in a victory for tho Fcrcy C.C. by 11 runs. Tho Porcys mado 23 in their first and C3 in their second innings. The Bowcns mado 47 in thoir first, nnd only 28 in their eccond innings. Tho small scoro made by tbo Boivcn C.O. in their eocond innings was due to the extremely good bowling of J. Jonkins for the Percy C.C. This is the sooond mute)) that the Porcy C.C., but nowly formed, bos played and won. They aro evidently in earnest, for this club practices muoh. By BOinc mistnkc tho news touching the ^nzetling of Thursday and Friday, the Sth nn 1 ttUi of February, as liolidnys in Maryborough, never readied us. As will be seen by adver tisement the leading merchants and business people will closo their premises, while ut the foundries work will be done only in tbe early morning of thoso days. Tin: oniy nomination received for t' c vacancy in No. 2 sab-division of the Hurrum Divisional. Hoard, cap?Qd by the rftsignaiion of Mr. W. Sly, was tlmi of Mr. Kf )J. B. Chi'ylon, aud Lhc reluming ofliccr will this day at twelve o'clock declare tual gentleman duly ulectcd. 