BURMESE SUPERSTITIONS. Thh Chinese hill tribes believe that man has three souls, and these are satisfaciorily disposed of. One appro priately and conveniently remains iK tlie graye, another takes up his polsitibn at the ancestral board, and the third roams about unrestrained in the spirit ?world and not necessarily upon earth. Many of -tho hill women are fond, as in India, of giving their dead child a dog, or {by dint of prayers and euppli caraons; wie aepartea soui oi an old: I and experienced person as a guide, 1 \- : that the infant wandering may not miss its way bn the jiath to the spirit world. For this reason it was that the Mongo lians sent slaves to accompany their dead princes. The Chinese, however, have a wore humane idea. They ; believe that since it is likely that the deadtaan will be unable to find his way -safely to the world of spirits, and may as probably as not stray from the right path. tho kings of the under-worid furnidi liim with a little devil to act the part of guide and servant to the newly dieembod ied spirit of its journey. The Poles used to have a notion of a similar kind, though they, like the Oliinese, did not display it in such an nnpleasent way for survivors. It was their custom to lay bears' claws in the grave, to serve the dead {nan as hooks 'with the help of which he might climb the great glass mountain. According to the common notion among the KarennB, the dead renew as ' plu-pho' in tlie world of Plu, under the sover eignty of the great ting Cootay or Theedo, the occupations which they . had followed while as yet mortals upon earth — a curious hide at the caste system of tlie Hindoos, which has no place with the Carenns while they are alive. Some of the tribes are so impressed with the dangers that may come upon them through departed spirits that they destroy their villages ?when the death of a grown-up person takes place, just as many negro tril-e5 do with the house in which the dead man lived. It is, of course, 'a very 'simple matter with them where the houses are mere wattled shanties, tliey can be restored in a day's time by a moderately industrious man.- Where the houses are at all of a better and more substan tial character, or where the community is fairly numerous, it is generally found quite sufficient to punfy the house with, the aid of a witch doctor and propitiate the new nats. Anything that gives very great trouble is much more speedily found out to be grossly superstitious than a measure which entails no great labour, while at the same time, being of a very obvious and extensive character, it Beems likely to be efficacious. The destruction of the house or village is of course intended to get rid of the dangerous proximity of the departed spirits, who, according to the Laos and many other tribes, withdraw into a corner of the house where the death has occured, and have a knack of making themselves extremely unpleasant unless tbey are well cared for. The Ho haTe an idea which is curiously at varience with the Western theories as to the habith of ghosts. This semi-Chinese tribe aver that the spirits of dead men wander about during the day, but when night comes on retire to their homes in the most domestic possible way, for all the world as if they were good solid flesh and blood. Possibly this may be due to the difficulty of suddenly changing the habits' they were accustomed to, while yet tbey existed upon earth, in the bodies of men, and it may be only the enfranchised spirits that act in this way, though the Ho do not say-so. [ The opponents of the destruction of villages to dispossess the nats have a very strong case in the argument that as long as the demons are in the houses one knows where they are, and is enabled to conciliate them with more or less success ; whereas if they are ruthlessly evicted they wander about homeless and iu an aggrieved state of mind, likely to be extremely dangerous to the luckless wights who come in their way, especially as the victims have not the means of finding out where to propitiate them, however respectful their sentiments may be. It seems, therefore, that house-burning will shortly be altogether abandoned as selfish and antagonistic to the public welfare. — Corn/till Magazine. A vf.iiy curious will (says the Ballarat Courier) has fallen iu the hands of the police at Amherst. It is tlie last testament of Wm. Nicholson, an old man who died in a hut at Amherst Flat last week, of starvation, leaving a little fortune of G3 sovereigns in his hut, and an account iu tho bank at Talbot. The will bequeaths the bulk of his property to a friend in Canada and a nephew, and further as followed : — ' To S ? M ? and M ? B ? , oiie shilling to pay for a treatise on truth, honesty, and morality; to M ? N ? the sum of sixpence, to beep forever to remind her of her untruthfulness, dishonesty, aud depravity, I give to W ? N ? sixpence to buy a tin whistle to blow on — as lying fools are fit for nothing else. I give to R ? M ? the sum of sixpence, tho father of lying rogues, to buy a rope. He knows the ubo I want him make of it.' The will is duly signed and witi.essed. A fashionable boarding school in the suburbs says, ' Atticus ' in the Leader , recently obtained an interest ing accession to the number of pupils in the person of a young lady who had been reared in the bush. On the I station she had been found wild and wayward, and emphatically wanting in polish. Miss Backblocks was deposited intheseminary in the forenoon, and soon made herself a great favorite with the boarders. When they assembled at i luncheon the lady principal, a very frigid party, with cork-screw curls, took the head of the table and pro ceeded to help tho new comer with a slice of ham so artistically cut as to be semi- transparent. Viewing the con tents of her plate for a moment, and reddening with indignation, the young miss seized it, and, thrusting it foreward, exclaimed, ' Look here 1 give me something to eat, you blooming imago.' It is -said that the adjective was even of a more sanguinary charac ter. That was the last meal Miss Backblocks partook of in this aristoc ratic establishment. An extremely novel case, says an English exchange, came before Mr. Saunders at the Thames Police Court some time ago. An elderly man' complained that his eldest son, ' who had a large family,' insisted upon burying his children in a family grave which the applicant had bought in 1878 for himself and his own family, in Upton Churchyard, Essex, The complainant had already buried his wife and one child in this grave ; but his undutiful son, who appears to have obtained possession of the necessary documents for opening the grave, ' set at defiance.' 'The consequence will be,' said the latter, ' that by-and-by there won't be room for me; and that's a very uncomfortable thought foi* a man who has taken the trouble to pro-, vide a last resting-place for himself, as I have done. It's too bad you know,' he added. And so it certainly appears; the more so as the sufferer may very naturally be anxious to' be buried besides his wife and child. A grave may be legally as much an object of ownership as any other property, and through not actually capable of lieing stolen, it may well be the subject of an action as well as any other land. But from the lalter a wrongful entrant may be cjectcd ; from a grave an eject ment can hardly be enforced. It is a case where prevention is better than care ; and Sir. Saunders's ad Wee to the applicant that he should make a statutory declaration that the grave was his property, and notify the church authorities of the same, is un doubtedly sound. At the same time it is a^ little strange to hear the cam plaint that 41 it is very hard for a man to be kept out of his grave.' 