AUSTRALIAN POETRY. "THE STOUT OF A SOCX,. [Br J. Beextox Stephens?*] £~~Who can say "Thus far, no farther^'-to-the tide of his ownnSture? v-Who can. mould ilie spirits feshion to the •counsel b'f-his' will ? ■^Square his beingyby enactment—shape his-soul to lcgisY&tnre;— •Be himself his lave>o£ • living, his-'owff art of good-andill? ii'Who can sway the rhythm of breathing? Who can time hie own heart-beating? Fix the pitch of-all soul music, and injprisorr' it -tn-hars? Who can pledge the immaterial affinities from meeting? Who can make him his own orbit unrelated to the stars? ■I had marked my path before me,not in flowery lane or"by-way, Unbeguiled of all bird-singing, by no toicc of waters won j And across life"^ silent glacier I had cut a dear i cold highway, little recking of tho-avalanche, or all-dissolv- j ing sun, ! ■1 had-said unto my soul, Be thou the lord of thine own reason ; •Get'thee faoe to-face and heart to heart with everlasting Trbth ; — •^Thou art heir of utl licr beauty if thou dare the lofty treason -1o clasp lier itnd to kiss-her with the valiant Hps 01 youth. ■Kot in outer courts of worship, not by darkly curtained portal, r-1 But within herdnmost chamber, in the gloiy -of Her slirine, "-Shrflt 'thyu seek'tmd commune-with-her,-a mortal made immortal By the breathing of her presence, by her fervid hand in thine. 1- With no garment-clinging -vassalage,-v«nawed of all tradition, Alone, •alonff of mortals ebalt thou gaze upon her face; T And the tears shall pass unheeded in the wonder of the vision, And her attributes-unfolding mate thee free of time and space. 'i43o-9fdef t <fhe'--dewy- levels, and with , upward - -■ pointing-finger Marked my goal among the snowy--'peaks -o'er pleasure and o'er pain; And the shining arms of Aphrodite beckoning me tolinger By her sideamidher rosy bowers were stretched for me in vain. r And Pheard the-world pass by me with a far-o£E dreamy cadcncc Of an alien music uninformed rnt'lnne&ning-to; mine cars; ." And all sweet melodious laughter in the voice of men and maidens Come with distance-saddened undertone, a mockeryof tears. ■ vTill atike the throb of pleasure- and alike the great o'erHowings Of the springs of sorrow seemed • to me for gotten things of yore; \- fTill the world passed from beneath me, and the rumour of its goings Par diffused into -the silent ethers-reached my soul no more. " And the bodiless and shadowless mute ghosts of contemplation, Charmed from speLte of ■ bookish- lore were my companions on my way; And their1 hake-light footfalls cheered me to a dreamy exaltation V Where the soul sat with the godheads, unassail able asthey. f - .1 had lost the glow of Nature; and the - pride of clearer seeing Was to me for'ailelation,"for the sanSet and the flowers, I For the beauty and the music and the savour of all being, For the starry thrills of midnight, for the joy of morning hours. V Down the slopes I left behind me fled the creeds of many races, Fled the gnomes of superstition, fled rebuking fiends of fear, / And I smiled as I beheld theni from" the Calm of my high placcB Cast integument and substance, melt in mist and disappear. So I-held my way unwavering in dismal mountain Though a voice within my soul was loud, in vain, and all in Tain! And I heard the unassuaging streams far down \- - - in deep crevasses, * Anil f stumbled Bnowblind'inid the boulders of the long moraine. t Still I aaad, I will not falter, nor revisit earth for ever, "Who have breathed' the breath of deity and lived Olympian hours! \- When the summer smote the glacier, and therae became a river, And I found me in the Valley clinging wildly to th&ftewcrs; c -Clinging wildly, blihging fondly, in a mad repent ant fashion, To the blossoms long forsaken, to the. graces long foregone, i Paying lavisbiyin tears and sighs'the long arrears of passion, And re-wedded to the joy of earth by on 6' fair thing thereon! Fools and blind are we who think to soar beyond the reach of Nature! Fools and blind who think' tcr-bid the "tide of feeling from its flood! Which of you by taking thought cam- add one cubic to his 6tature? Or compel the summer fervours from the solstioe of the blood? I N<jt "as gods. "'Not yet. yfOur roots are in the earth- that heaves beneath me: With "her rhythm we move-and tremble,, with her starry dance we whirl. ' 'Lo, she laughs when I would' fly to where her arms shall not enwreath me, Draws me back with chords of golden hair, oVWhrowsme with a girl! What was I to deem if duty thus'to sunder Truth and Peauty— Thus to die among the living, and to live among the dead? , Ah, the hands of Truth are bootless, and the lips of Truth aTe tuneless, When we-screr her from Love, and throne her coldly 'overhead! Now I know her drawing-nearer in a fairer light and dearer Than in wasteB of icy solitude or page of weary tome— In the gleam of golden tresseB, in the eye that 6miles and blesses, In the glowing hand that -^presses ^Love's approved conviction home. ' Truth is sphered in sweet communion. Truth is, life and love in union. ; Hand in hand from epirttuid ""founts we "catch : the "circling thrill. ~1-Wc are not compact of reasons. There are changes in our seasons; And the crescent orb of youth has manv phases i to fulfil. 