THE POSTMAN'S STORY. " As I was saying, it was Valentine's day, 1872\. My route was from Seventh Twelfth on to Spruce street. The locality was good deal more fashionable then than now, and some very high-toned folks lived there. We won't mention no names nor give no numbers, but the particular young lady I'm going to tell you about lived just above Tenth street. I had a pretty big load and was not in the best of temper with my w»rk, but when a beautiful young lady opened the door herself in her. eagerness to get the large envelope which was addressed to her, and smiled her thanks at me, I felt a different man. Nor did I feel the worse after the hot cup of coffee which a servant had ready for me, as instruoted by the young lady, for it was a bitter raw morning and the bullet wound in the shoulder, which I got at the second battle of Bull Run, was twitching very bad. Now a postman can't helfr noticing his letters a hit. Everybody hasn't got a letter box to drop 'em in— of course, I am referring to routes of private houses—and you are often kept waiting a half minute or so at the door. The things I've read on postal cards are a caution I can tell you. A postman learns a good deal acoiden. tally about other people's affairs—but to come back to the young lady. " I took an interest in her from that 14th day of February, and generally glanced at her envelopes. She got a good many, but nearly all were in ladies' handwriting -, letters from girl friends and invitations to balls and recep tions and such like, I guess. The exceptions were letters in a bold, masculine handwriting, all IU1 written wxiiiijeu Dy by the same man i there was no w came mou , »»= — doubt about that. At first I brought them onoe a week, and then, after a little while, every day, and sometimes twice a day. -She often took them in herself, and I always felt - py for the reBt of the day. Her wight le sort ot went through me. Onoe or twioel reoeived a letter from her to post to him, I was sure, not that she told me bo, but I could tell it was by the way she blushed when she handed them to me. I looked at the address and name. It was a broker on Third street. On the June following ihe "Valentine's Day the family went away, tand did not return from out of town'until Ootober, but I did not see the young lady, nor "did 1 have any letters for her. 'Hasn't; she returned yet?' I asked the oolored waiter. ' Oh, no, she won't behere till Christmas.'She is now on the "aontinong" with her husband. They were married at Newport in August.' 1 Oh,' says I. And I thought Ho more of the matter ; events had taken their natural oourse. by-ending in marriage, as all properly regulated love-letters ought to do> "She came back with her huBbaad »t Christmas, and began housekeeping in > the same square as her family, so I delivered her letters. She saw me on New Year's Day, and did not forget me, either. What ehe gave me was sufficient to buy my wife a warm doak for the winter, with enough left over for a pair of shoes for the baby. The newly-mamed couple had a heap of letters of all sorts kinds and descriptions. Invitations in any number for both of them, and plenty, of female correspondence for her. He seemed to get letters from all parts of the world; between them they had more than the rest of the square put together. There seemed to be some change by April. The envelopes of the letters had the names of store-keepers on them, and doubtless contained bills. The following month similar letters came very thickly indeed, and so did letters with the names of lawyers on the upper right hand comer of the envelopes. He seemed to be always at heme! for he often came to the door himself and took t the letters from me, as if anxious for the servants not to see them. A good-looking man he was, with a proud manner and a dissipated face. ace. We are going away to-morrow,' said the olored servant one morning, as I handed im the ordinary batch. ' Out of town?'I asked. Out of dis town, I guess,' he replied, ith a grin. ' The sheriff's offioers are in the ouse.' When I was delivering the letters the ext day, a hack drove up tt> the door, and I ingered a moment out of cariosity. The ady came down leaning on her husband's arm, looking so miserable and altered I hardly reoognised her. She must have noticed the expression on my faoe for die nodded to me and smiled; but such a ghost of a smile I A few days afterward the things in the house were sold by auction, and new people came to live there; and soon, amid the many thoughts of life, I forgot all about the young lady. " It was in the summer of 1877, when I got" put on a route in Germantown. I was not very well, and thought the country walking would do me goad, so I changed routes, with the permission of the postmaster, with a comrade who worked, as I said, in Germantown. Sorting out my letters, as I served one of the •etty, leafy avenues, I came across one ad- :essed to the old familiar name, Mrs. , and in the husband's handwriting. The postmark was Colorado; so he was away; that was evident. She was sitting on the porch, of a pretty little cottage, with a child in her arms. It Was easy to see the was no longer rich. The dresses of herself and childj and the smsllness and dirtiness of the Irish servant maid, who was cleaning a parlour window, denoted the fact at a glance; but she did not look unhappy, and die knew me at once. Why, poBtman, she exc sible it can be you ?' "' Yea, ma'am,' I says, •is itt 'it is; thanking g me, and here is you kindly for rememberi: one of hiB letters for you.' She took it from me with the old eager- _), and as she turned to go into the house I noticed her pressing it to her lips. He didn't write very often to . her—every two or three weeks, not more, while sometimes much longer intervals elapsed. It used to make tne quite miserable when I noticed her pleading face as I passed morning after morning without anything for her. "' You are quite sure you have not got one, postman' ", she would ask. " Quite sure, ma'am. The Western mail is late to-day—not delivered till to-morrow," was my faltering excuse. " Christmas "Day arrived, and I had not delivered a letter from the husband since the middle of October. She no longer came to the door now. The little servant it girl told me her mistress was nearly i i ill. At last I brought a letter from last day of the year; and then I < regularly once or twice a l ary. The lady began to come to the door again, looking something like' her former bright self. " The 14th of February—Valentine's Day —came round, and I had a Colorado letter for the lady; but it was not in the husband's handwriting. She came to the door. "' Here is a valentine, ma'am,' says I, cheerily. ' I hope it will make you as happy as the one I delivered to you in Spruoe street about five years ago.'" "Thank you, 'postman,'" she replied, 'and I have got a hot cup of coffee for you.' "' She took the letter, eyed it curiously, and opened it with trembling fingers. I was watching her while sipping my coBee—a glance at the contents, and she fell back lifeless. The little Irish girl came up immediately, and between us we carried the lady into the parlour, and laid her on the sofa. Then I took up my mail bag, for of course I could not wait, and continued my delivery. A few houses away lived a doctor, and I told his servant there was a sick lady who required medical aid. I had no letters for the cottage the next morning, but the little servant rushed out to tell me the lady was dying, and the letter from Colorado was from a police justice, saying the husband had run away with a woman to Australia, taking with him a large sum of money he had stolen from his employers. The letter also said it was supposed, where he was working, that the woman, who was his companion, was married to him, until a search among the defaulter's papers disclosed the existence of a wife in Philadelphia. Before the week had dosed, there was a bow of crape on the cottage door, and the dootor's certificate said, ' Died of a broken heart.' Have you got a match about you, sir; my pipe has gone out," and the postman trudged off homeward withhis mate, the letter-sorter. A MONSTER TIME-PIECE. The large clock at the English Houses of Parliament is the largest one in the world. The four dials in the dock are 22 feet in diameter. Every half-minute the minute hand moves nearly 7 inahes. The dock will go eight days and a half, and will only strike for seven and a half, thus indicating any neglect in winding it up. The winding-up of the striking apparatus takes two hours. The pendulum is 15 feet long; the wheels are oast iron ; the hour-bell is 8 feet high, and 9 feet • in diameter, weighing nearly 15 tons, and the hammer alone weighs more than 400 pounds. The clock strikes the quarter-honrs, and by its striking the short- hand reporters regulate their labours. At every strike a new reporter takes the place of the old one, while the first I retires to write out the notes that he has taken I during the previous 15 minutes. 