PARLIAMENT (FROM 0011 MELBOURNE CORRESPONDENT.) Wednesday, Mabcii 7tu. lho speaker took the chair at half-past four o'clock. Mr Bent rose to correct the report of the Argus, in which he was made to make refercnco to the ''Holy Ghost" in con nection with tho proposed coalition. What ho really did say was that ho had not the least doubt that the coalition would come to a bad end, and ho then proceeded to refer not to tho "Holy Ghost," but to tho "Holy Book." This was confirmed by tho report in Hansard, which the lion, member proceeded to quote. RESIGNATION OF THE MINISTRY. Mr Grant rose to announce that his Excellency the Governor would receive tli0 address of tho Assembly at a quarter past 12 the next day. Ho also begged to inform tho Houso that the Government had that morning placed their resignations in tho hands of his Excellency, and Mr Service had since been sent for. Tho Govern ment, therefore, now only held office till their successors were appointed. They had proffered their services to obtain sup plies, and a Supply Bill would bo intro duced, which ho would ask the Houso to pass through all its stages that evening. CHAIRMAN OF COMMITTEES. Mr Francis rose to ask tho Speaker ■whether ho would be order in moving, at that stage, that Mr Cooper bo appointed Chairman of Committees. Mr Richardson urged that the motion would be premature, and that tho lion, member should givo notice of his motion. Major Smith expressed a similar view. After some further discussion, The Speaker ruled that the motion could be put without notice. Mr Francis then moved that Mr Cooper be appointed. Chairman of Com mittees accordingly. Mr M'Intyre seconded the motion. j Mr Kimmo, while having nothing to say against the capacity for tho post of tho lion, member for Creswick (Mr Cooper), thought that younger members should have that opportunity of making them selves familiar with the forms and usages of tho House which was afforded by the post of Chairman of Committees. 1:1 o I would therefore propose Mr Dow for that | office. Mr liangridgo seconded the motion. Mr Fincham remarked that, occupying as he did, a position in " No-man's land," at the present juncture, ho felt quite free to exercise his own judgment in the matter. Now, as in tho case of the Speaker, so in that of tho Chairman of I Committees, be (Mr Fincham) wished to see tho chair occupied by an hon. member j who had already shown his fitness for the post. He would, therefore, support tho | appointment of Mr Cooper. Mr Patterson considered that tho House was wrong in thus hurrying the matter. Tliero was no immediate necessity for tho appointment, and it might well wait for threo weeks, till tho hon. member for Maldon (Mr Service) was back in tho House. After some further discussion, The Speaker put tho motion that Mr Cooper bo appointed Chairman of Com- j mittees. Cries of " Divide !" and " No divi sion !" Tho Houso divided with tho following result:—Ayes, 41 ; noes, 27 ; majority for Mr Cooper's appointment, 14. The result was received with loud cheers ] from the ayes. sumvly. Tho House then went into committee of tlio whole, when Mr Cooper took tho chair, and briefly returned thanks for tho honor conferred upon him for tho third time. A resolution to appropriate the sum of £587,500 to tho services of tho year ] 1882-3 was agreed to, and a Supply Bill to carry out the same was then passed through all stages, and ordered to bo sent to tho Legislative Council. THE RAILWAY LOAN ACCOUNT. A bill to apply temporarily the sum of £170,000 out of tho Railway Loan Ac count of 1S78 was also passed through all its stages, such amount to bo appropriated to tho following purposes, viz.:—Towards Yan Yean Water Works extension, £70,000 ; towards the purchase of railway rolling stock, £50,000 ; towards the pur chase of rails and permanent way ma terial, £50,000 ; total, £170,000. On the motion of Mr Grant, the Houso. at 20 minutes past 5, adjourned to the next day at 4 o'clock. 