Our Concert Stall. Ml AST Friday Miss Alice Sydney Burvett gave her third pianoforte jf recital. Her rendering of the Sonata P<th<tique again showed Irli a possibly unmatured conception of Beethoven's intentions, a dg hurrying of the more rapid passages, and a needlessly excessive «£ use of the pedal. But other numbers, such as Field's elegant Nocturne, No. 1, were given with a charming delicacy of touch and much refinement of expression, while Thalberg's gymnastics on ' The Last Hose of Summer" were executed with a power and bril liancy that were electrifying. Miss Burvett's final lecital for the present was to take piace last night; and when next the young lady appears Mr. Punch hopes that she will not again be compelled to mar the effect of her playing, as she frequently has done, by having to turn ovr her own music. In some countries a ladv receives almost as much attention as a cricket ball or a two-.' ear old ; but here — well Archie Forbes has already said something about our gentlemen (!) Last week Mr. Charles Huenerbein. like Mr. Wybert Reeve as Vitzaitoniont, was " crushed again," and quite popped out through somebody or other having prior claims on the Protestant Hall ; but in revenge, his pleasant concert is entitled to enjoy the time-honoured appellation of a ' Monday Pop." The special feature of the evening was the first appearance, at these concerts, of Mr. Knight Aston, whose fine and telling voice and cultivated style made such effect in the well-known air from Marit«na, "Let me Like a Soldier Fall." that on his singing " The Bay of Biscay ' he was completely " bis'd," though his rendering of "Sally in Our Alley" was less to Mr. Punch's taste than his other ditties. But Mr. T. Rainford ran him close in Shield's magnificient old song, " The Wolf," and divided the honours with him in the elegant, though somewhat hackneyed duet ' 'The Moon has raised her lamp above," not an unusual proceeding on the part of Luna, by the bye. especially if Endymion happen to be in the way Mr. Huenerbein is an accomplished pianiste who can do justice to anything : not always so the ladies who play \\\ ith him. Mr. Punch would, accordingly, prefer something less ambitious and more interesting than some of the Due V oncer tunte. The over ture to the Merry Wives of Windsor, for instance, would " bring down the house " as thoroughly as those good ladies' pranks took down the fat knight. Mr Leopold Jordan appears to be a kind of self-contained distillery. He etheria'izes himself into an angelic soprano, and con denses himself into a diabolical baritone without the slightest inter vention of the worm ; while his imitations of noises, human and bestial (oftentimes synonymous), would fill a musical Chamber of Horrors. Mr. Jordan was enthusiastically encored, and is evidently becoming an institution at the " Pops." The Sacred Choral Association's performance of "The Messiah, on Tuesday, reflected, on the whole, a very high degree of cr»dit on the Society. In spite of an occasional unfamiliarity with Handelian traditions— especially in the matter of tempo— and a weakness of " attack" by the soprani in the fugual " leads," the chorus singing was remarkable for its fluency and prt cison. " Lift up yonr heads," the "Hallelujah," and " Worthy is the lamb," were especially well rendered. The soprano solos were entrusted to Madame Merz, who, in most instances, was decidedly successful, but evinced an unfortu nate want of phrasing in " I know that my Redeemer" ; and Miss Sheridan Reed delivered the contialto airs with considerable effect. ' Comfort Ye " and " Every Valley " were rendered by the Rev. Dr. Ellis with elegance and finish ; and the bass solos were splendidly sung by Mr. Hallewell. There are many points connected with the circumstances under which the Oratorio was given, and its no doubt unavoidable mutilation, on which Mr. Punch would like to dwell in detail, with much paternal counsel ; but Want of space compells Him to be briefer far, Than did the morning smells The ghost of Hamlet's Pa. !l WENTY to eighty, all told, was a poor show on the Land Bill for | the redoubtable talent of " the Left" in the Assembly. Punch P congratulates the leaders of the Opposition upoa the ehivalric j stand they made in a backward direction anent which he J cheerfully prophecies that back seats wi4 be as plentiful as mosquitoes at a down-the-harbour pic-nic. i i on i . ii « i i i . 