— ' 'vf - ©nigral Jntclli(ipce» Rather a sensational case of elopement is .reported as having occurred last week within 100 miles of The Heart, when a .ypung ;felIow .ran off with the daughter of a neighbouring .selector. The " stern parient !' of.thedady was inimical to the match, so >ve are informed, bnt love laughs at locksmiths, and the loving pair have been happily mated ip Melbourne. The main objection of the papa was that the suitor for his daughter's hand was not of sufficiently aristocratic birth and breeding; in fact, was not " a gintlemnn," and so keenly dirt he take to heart her desertion of the family mansion with a plebian, that he attempted to drown himself in a waterhole containing about a couple of feet of water. He thought better, of it, however, out me errant pair are not yet lorgiven. — Gipps- land Times. Morere, the tenor, has been shut up in an asylum, incurably mad over his pet liohhv — whistling. For years he cultivated that faculty, until he was able to emit a blast that would frighten the cab horses on the boulevards of Paris, anil drive cornet players wild with envy. Once lie was arrested and fined for disturbing the peace, when he had only whistled an air while walking home from the opera — loud enough, however, to wake up everyone within half -a mile, more or less. On another occasion he was singing in " Faust " at the Grand Opera, and, having a cold, gave some false notes. The audience hissed. Down he sprang into the orchestra, and cried : "Since you have begun to hiss, let me tell you that you don't understand the art in the least. Now, listen." Then ho gave a whistle a minute long, and loud enough to make a caliope sick. There was no more hissing, and the opera went on. At present he believes himself commissioned to learn to whistle loud enough to drown the sounds of a locomotive and all the bells of Notre Dame .together.; and, as he practices faithfully ten .hours a day, his fellow lunatics in tho asylum are most worthy objects of pitv. An advertiser in the Vienna Neue Freie Presse .announced his want of " a man without encuin— .brance, of middle age, willing to travel ; must be a misanthrope, with bitter experiences of the .wickedness of mankind - pay and position good ; everything found." A vast number of misan thropes responded, so many, in fact, that the advertiser had to hire a secretary to deal with them. A Turin jeweller has made a tiny boat formed of a single pearl, which shape it assumes in swell and concavity. Its sail is of beaten gold, studded with diamonds, and the binnacle light at its prow is a perfect ruby. An emerald serves as its rudder, and its stand is a 6lab of ivory. It weighs less than half an ounce ; its .price is £1000. The Madagascar affair is the more significant in view of the rumoured coalition between the French and Russian Governments, and the re markable articles which have appeared of late .in some of the Russian journals evidencing an ,unfriendly feeling towards England. — Star. The jubilee of Congregationalism in Victoria -will be celebrated in the 3'enr 1888. Over £7,000 has been subscribed towards a fund to free from debt by that time all the Congrega tional churches, for which end £30,000 is re quired. Mr. F. T. Sargood has promised a contribution equal to 10 per cent, on all the money collected. There have been at least three remarkable John Browns whose names will go down to .history with more or les6 of renown clinging to . them; — -.John Brown, ot Haddington, the dis tinguished theologian ; John Brown, the hero of Harper's Ferry ; and John Brown, Queen Vic toria's recently deceased personal attendant. When the railway is completed acrosB the whole length of Newfoundland, corresponding with fast steamers on either side, the ocean voyage to the United States will bo shortened to four days, and the distance between New York .and London lessened by forty-eight hours. The EmpresB of Austria has a dread of embonpoint, and takes violent exercise with a view to retaining her slimness. In addition to her riding cross country, she swims like a fish at Ischl during the summer mouths, spending .'several hours daily in the water with her daughter, the Archduchess Valerie. Now she .takes a two hours' exercise in fencing daily. A religious paper, commenting upon the Sunday opening question, says : — " What we yvould draw attention to is the growing strength .and fierceness in this community, especially , among our young men, of the spirit of Bradlangh and Foote — a spirit which, if not checked and repressed in this generation, will cause that the .question, 6orae 50 years hence, will not be of the opening of museums on Sundays, but of the .opening of churches/' True, intolerance is apt lo beget intolerance. At Swan Reach, near Bairnsdale, the other Hay, a large eagle was observed paying bis attention to some lambs, but the eives, with true .maternal instinct, penned their offspring in, and fought the marauder off. Being unsuccessful in his attack, the king of the air retired to a Aree to recoup his exhausted strength, but seeing a cat in an adjacent yard, he made a swoop on poor pussy, but agaiu he found a foeman who .would not yield without a fight. The cat struggled bravely with her feathered combatant, .and although greatly lacerated, succeeded in getting from its .clutches. Eventually the bird was shot. The Philadelphia Evening Bulletin retells the story of the locomotive which ran through a broken bridge on the Kansas Pacific Railway across Kiowa Greek, several years ago, sinking into the mini at the bottom, and has never since been heard, though repeated efforts have been made by digging and boring to recover so valuable a property. The bottom is a quicksand, and even quicksands have limits, and it seems very singular that the longest boring-rod has failed to find any trace of the sunken engine. By and bye, the Bulletin suggests, the silent, mysterious operations will drain the quicksand and harden it into rock ; and then long afLer the Kansas Pacific Road has been forgotten, and the Kiowa Creek has vanished from the map, some future scientist will discover a curious piece of mechanism, undoubtedly the work of human hands, lying under so many hundred feet of undisturbed sandstone, and will use the fact as a basis for calculating how many million years old the human race must be. Thus history will repeat itself, as it has often done and continues to do. Thr Bishop of Melbourne holds that the fear of what may happen after death implunted in the human breast is an evidence of immortality. Fear implies a danger to be dreaded, and that danger is the consequences of sin. If there is no iife after death then there is no reason for the fear. But it is one of the attributes, of fear that it doeB require no reason. With gas stoves, consumption is the true economy. Vbc more you cook with one, the less you will have to pay. This is the experience of an impartial observer, who one day used bis stove for boiling just an hour and 30 minutes ; the next day, for the same purpose, nine hours. The first day the meter recorded nearly 100 feet, and the next day the indicator hardly moved at all. The captain of the missionary schooner, Ellengowan, expresses the conviction that with kindly treatment and judicious firmness there is nothing to fear l'rom. the reputed bloodthirsliness of the Papuans. If, however, they are treated with contempt and arrogance mixed with undue familiarity, there is not the least doubt they will retaliate as soon as they get the opportunity. Human nuture is very much the same all the world over. A fjne. strapping young fellow named Jary celebrated his sixteenth birthday at Elrnhurst on Wednesday last. During the day he was weighed and measured, it being four.d that lie was six feet three and a half inches high in his boots, and 12 and a lialf stone weight. It is thought that the lad is still growing. ' ' According to tfle American papers, the tinned lobster trade is already threatening to exter- . ruinate the populnr crustacean. Ere-lopg it is .believed that the lobster will be a more expen sive luxury than the oyster. What about Austra lian supplies ? Millardet, a Swiss mechanician, exhibited in London in the last century a female figure that played eighteen tunes on the piano with all the motions of natural life, the eyes following the movements of the fingers on >the. -keys, the :.pres- surc of which produced the notes. Between the acts at the grand opera at 'Paris, lately, a Melbourne man recognised at the other side of the house, a fellow-townsman. He gave a iirild coo-ee, when instantly about a dozen bearded Australians, in different parts of the theatre, sprang to their feet ,stu-iTled by the fami liar but unexpected call. We had thought that paper had boon :put to the utmost uscb 6ome time ago, when machi nery belting, car wbeelp, &c.;, bad -been made of it ; but now we learn that in Breslau, Gennany a chimney fifty feet high has been erected of paper pulp, chemically prepared to resist com bustion. What will paper bo used for next ? Agcording to information received from the United states, some wonderful telephonic feats are being performed by the new Hopkins ar- > rangements. It seems that two operators — one at New York and the other at Chicago, 1100 miles apart — had no difficulty, not only in talk ing to each other, but in listening to music, nnd fulfilling other tests. Even the noise produced by changing the diaphragm at New York was distinctly heard at Chicago. Some interesting facts in regard to the bogus degree swindle of the United States have been brought to light. It appears that the degree- mongers occasionally vary the name of -the in- sliiniion. They have a choice assortment of Universities on hand. For example, there is the Edinburgh University of St. Louis, which furnishes the diploma of Mus. Doc. Edin. Univ., thus enabling the purchaser to figure as a gradu ate of Edinburgh University. Amongst the curiosities of literature coming . under the notice of school teachers in the way of " exercises," there are many remarkable docu ments, but we question whether the following message, sent to the teacher of a leading school, can be beaten in originality. The mes sage is a genuine one, and reads, " Please to excuse Eliza for being absence from school, as; she is very ill with brown kitters." It is al most needless to say Eliza's complaint was rather common one of bronchitis. People who heard " A Life on the Ocean ! Wave" sung to thread harness a quarter of a century or more ago may not generally know that the man Henry Russell, who compoeed it, and first sang it in public, is still living, hale and hearty but he is, and he walks London streets and Ramsgate pier and sands like a ghost of /lie past., albeit a happy, genial, and substantial ghost. He has a comfortable for tune, and lives contented in the growing fame of his son, Mr. W. Clark Russell, the nove list. Every boy should have his bead, his heart, and bis band educated. Lot this truth never be forgotten. By proper education of the head he will be taught what is good and what is evil, what is wise and what is foolish, what is right and what is wrong. By proper education of the heart, he will be taught to love what is good, wise, and right, and to hate what is evil, foolish, and wrong. And by proper education of the hand he will be enabled to supply bis : wants, to add to his comfortB and to assist those around him. The highest objects of n good education are, to reverence and obey God ; and to love and serve mankind. Everything that helps us in attaining the objects is of great value and everything that hinders is com paratively worthless. When wisdom reigns in the head, and love in the heart, the man is ever ready to do good ; order and peace reign around and sin and sorrow are almost un known. Apropos of athletics, and Mace and Slade, I see by the London dispatches this morning that Jem Mace has just met an English nobleman in the ring — that is to say, the ring was not a public one, for the fight took place in the grounds of one of the spectators, before a com pany of " nobles and gentles," among whom was no less distinguished a person than the Prince of Wales, Most readers will be somewhat sur prised to learn that the noble bruiser — Lord Charles Beresford — put a " large-sized head" upon tho prize-fighter, to use American slang. It is said that Lord Charles only fought to con vince the Prince, as ho said) that an English gentleman was a better man than a prize-fighter. He succeeded in so convincing Mace, and it is probable that some slight conviction was carried into Slade's brain also, for he refused an offer from Lord Charles to fight him. Beresford is a somewhat eccentric and daring young gentle man. He is a son of the Marquis of Waterford. He will be remembered as the naval officer who so distinguished himself during the Egyptian war. He was in command of a small gunboat, the Condor, and succeeded in silencing a power ful battery.. His gallant action attracted to him the encomiums of the Admiral, who signalled at the close of the action, "Well done, Condor." Lord Charles also became noted some years ago for having removed the insignia from over the door of the American consul at Honolulu, for which he was nearly cashiered. This was when he was a midshipman, at which time he was noted for his propensity to thrash other midshipmen. When he had thrashed all the midshipmen, he would sigh, like Alexander, for new fields of conquest and would turn his attention to the non-commissioued officers, most of whom he would thrash also, possibly to the impairment of discipline, but certainly not to the impairment of respect for himself. — Ameri can correspondent of Federal Australian. The Strathmore family is one of the oldest and most historical of Scotland. They have been Earls since 1423, and inhabit a no less historical Castle than that of Glumis, associated with the Macbeths. In 1455 Lady Strathmore, falsely accused of conspiracy by witchcraft against the life of King J nines, IV. of Scotland, was burnt in the Grassemarkels, Edinburgh. Her son, driven desperate by persecution, flung himself over a rock and perished immediately. The title remained some years dormant, but was revived by James 1. of England, VI. of Scot land. It is said the lady of Strathmore cursed her family for haviug abandoned her in her disr tress. Be this as it may, here in what recently transpired in this ancient house. For four generations there has been a mystery at Glamis Castle which no one has ever been able to fathom. Some said it was a ghost, others a mysteriously hidden treasure ; but rumours of a more or less uncanny nature floated round the country, and have done so for about 93 years. Four Earls of Strathmore have seated themselves in ancestral state at Westminster, and yet all the while the real Earl, the oldest of the family, was alive, hidden in the vast old feudal palace at Glamis. Ho died only last year, aged 92 years, and he was a monster. lie stood eight feet in height. His head and the upper part of his body resembled that of a toad. His skin was marked with black and white splotches, and his hands were webbed. He could not speak or hear, but his eyes were bright but wild, lie never showed signs of reason, and in order to avoid legal difficulties and painful revelations, his horror was hidden in a building erected on purpose. His gaolers were paid handsome an nuities to keep silent. As each Earl succeeded to the estate he was taken to see this terrific creature, and it is said that one of these gentle men almost lost his reason in beholding the loathsome and gigantic horror. Last year tho poor wretch died, and his secret has come out, owing to difficulties concerning the disposal of his remains. The most extraordinary part of it all is that the whereabouts of the monster Earl was kept so wonderfully quiet, and also that ho lived to such an advanced ago. 