The Old White Horse. FROM "THE VILLAGE," AN UNPUBLISHED RHYME BY TAU BETH. AND there's " The Old White Horse"—the village Whose host your praises would be sure to win; Kind, jolly, humorous, and frank and free, A man of sense for every man was no. Mirth clad his face and sparkled in his eye, No word of chaff o'er lacked a quick reply; But yet withal of sternly honest stuff. Who, when he know his guest had had enough, Was deaf to further orders, and'twas vain To storm, entreat, remonstrate, or complain. Such firmness, tact, and wisdom he had shown That not adrunken brawl was ever known. The gorgeous sign was painted with a view To picaso the many rather than tho fow, By village artist, all unknown to fame, For whom tho fates had not decreed a name. Swung on a lofty tree, it caught the eye, Far off, on both sides, of the passer by. It was in fact an old familiar faco. Refurbished up with many an added grace- Not tho least pleasing feature of the place. The old white horse—a stallion without doubt. The muscles were so powerfully brought out. Then there were many parts where art supplied What nature did not, as a rule, provide. But oh, the colours t chosen for their strength, To run 'gainst time, and beat him by a length! No wishy-washy semi-tints were they, Of doubtful greener still more doubtful gray, Retiring modestly from public view, As most good backgrounds ought, by rule, to do; By ancient rulo of course, but here was Bhown A rule w»orc ancient, ere the troubles known As clare-obscure, porspective, atmosphere. Perplexed and worried rising genius: here Such art>roprosBing urts did not obtain; If ought the artist meant he made it plain; Foreground and back, and middle distance too, All had an equal treatment in the view. The distant rock with colour scorned to bleed— 'Twas " old red sandstone"—very red indeed. And spotted o'er it many flowers firrew. Of brilliant purple, yellow, grocn, and blue, Whose class botanic one could almost tell. Their evory detail was brought out so well. Some trees of vivid green stand out upon A sky intensely blue, and, farthor on, A patch of corn upon an upland grows, Which seems to mock the good old horse s nose. You're looking to the west, and there the sun Behind tho distant hills has just begun To dip his radiant orb, but taking care No earthly tint shall suffor from his glare. I'll not detain the reader with the rest Of the marked specialities the work possessed. 'Tiß true this masterpiece was, now and then, Spoke lightly of by some 111-natured men— Bilious fault seokers of tho cynic class— Who hunt out failures with an opera glass. From such men's standpoint—underneatn tne tree — In any work one might some failing soo; But, as the artist Baud, and 'twould appear, " A work of art should not be viewed too near. But still this one had merits all its own; For once a sombre Florentine was known To stand and shake with uncontrolled delight While gazing up at so unique a sight. In broken terms the work he so bepraised That hostand hostess thought the man was crazed. " Look dare! doiyou sec dat I Why, bless my hoart, It does beat that great man you call Hogart! An introduction must at once be sought; And so tho artist to tho inn was brought. Such cataracts of exclamation foil, Of Monstrouß! Granac! Magnitlque! Pretty well! (With many others I can't stop to tell) From Signor's lips, that all tho rest wore mum ; The puzzled artist, totally struck dumb, By turnß felt shamed or flattered as he tried To learn if praise or satire was implied. The generous host, who saw how matters stood, Contrived to keep the understanding good, Until at longlh the Signor onward hies, Extolling village talent to tho skies! The genial host, who took the artists part Against all mockers of his artless art. Gave potent reasons why the thing should be Just as it was-that those afar might see, From many standpoints, all the artist drow Which modern art reserves for noarer viow. •Tis true 'twas said with half a wink, I own, And prying eye. to soo how it went down. Hard by the porch the ancient horse-block still Its ancient duty fails not to fulfil. . Its steps all hollow, with long service worn, Attest tho weight of beauty it hath borno. From buxom milkmaid up to city belle. Beauties of all types, and ah ! sooth to tell, Sometimes of none ! have sought its help in need To quit the aaddlo or remount the steed. Here once a Royal beauty did alight To Bcek the solace of a quiet night. With two fair maidens, loving, leal, and true. Whose aid was meet her journey to pursue. And here, not once tilonc, nor twice, tis said, A flying couple found a bridal bed, In those old days when from the pillion seat So coyly stepped the dainty slippered feet And lovely form (trembling In blissful fear Of life untried as yet, but now so near). Of one who, 1 suppose by high command. Bra veil guardian's anger for a husband s hand. But not all stolen were such visits paid, For scarce two months elapsed ere one was made, Fair and above-board, where the " turtle-doves Launched forth unchallenged to enjoy their loves. And where so tit lo stow themselves away. And hide their raptures from the light of day. As iv this quiet, charming, rural spot. Where, lor a while, "dull care" may be forgot In the sweet whirl of love's delicious dream. When each to other all the world shall seem] Here the blind god may revel at his will. And of his choicest nectar drink his fill. No prying eye to mark, with quizzing gaze, Tho timid shyness of lliodc blushing days: For with becoming innocence, of course. All deaf and blind.arc at the Old \Y Into Horse. Thus many here, on love's fond worship bent, A no'cr-forgollon honeymoon have spent. And who amid such raptures would not dwell For ever "mooning" at the old hotel 1 The scone of such experience must be. Bathed In the halo or its memory, A spot to calm the mind on in the strife That frets and worries this unquiet life— A shaded oasis that gives the soul Some earthly foretaste of a heavenly goal. It is a temple where an altar stands, Hallowed as by archbishop's lifted hands. For ever burning with an incense sweet. Where they who sacrifice in worship meet, " With hearts aflame, onkindled from above. To colebrate the sacred rites of love. There let us leave them, in their hallowed kisses To prove thrice o'er no earthly bliss like this is. Romance and comedy and farce have each. In this old hostel, its memorial niche, And many a wondrous stirring tale could tell Of strange events, long past, that here befell. A miser once his gold at midnight watchod; And hero, two centuries since, a plot was hatched, When teemed the land with those historic plots Of "Rye House," "Meal tub," Dangerfield, and Oatcs. Hore hap'd the strange rencontre, hairbreadth 'scape. That set the nine days' wonder world agape. Hore bitterest foemen, vanquished and distressed, Have each by turns found shelter, food, and rest. No questions asked—" Roundhead or Cavalier?" For both, in need, were welcome to the cheer. Here many a deed heroic, act of grace, Has shed its grateful lustre o'er the place. Thus, of the world's most chafing wear and tear The "Old White Horse" has bravely borne its share, And without stain; for no dishonest strife E'er robbod a victim here of goods or life. Though rich in all traditionary wealth. Its darkest shadows never moved by stealth, But fairly opon to tho world's great eye, For praise or censure in the " by-and-bye." No horrid legend, that the soul appals, Clings, like a nightmare, to its ancient walls: No grisly phantom scares, nor slipshod ghost Breaks through the slumbers of the guest or host. All hero, with health of mind and body blest, May taste the sweetness of refreshing rest. 