WHAT MIGHT HAVE BEEN EXPECTED. nv ants. FiiANK m'cauthy. Ons wild Maroh night, not many years ago, two young men walked rapidly through tlio main street of a orudo Westorn- settlement. Thero was littlo attempt at paving, as tho placo seemed to bo scooped out of tbo solid rock whioh hemmed it in. Tlio widtli of tho street wasa sorious drawback to itsdistinclion. Tho houses on oither side, Blanting down from tho hills bohind them, dilapidated, de tached, and with littlo or no attempt at archi tecture, bceamo moro insignificant by tho long distances whioh eoparatcd them and thoir grim surroundings. An icy wind, that grew more and moro violent at night-fall, congealed all inclination for conversation but tho younger of theso pilgrims muttorcd through his chattering tcoth, " God-foreakon, beastly hole, Max !" " Not altogether," replied his companion. " Look yonder, Tom I" Tho wind, increasing in volooity,. drovo be fore it tho murky clouas that had rostod upon tho jagged hill-tops, and all at dnco could bo seen a hundred martial, maritime, and gro- tcsquo shapos- dearly defined upou the sky Myriads of stars began to glow with wonder ful brilliancy, but tlio younger travoller gazed longingly upon tho minor lights of tho rail road depot that shono hopofully in tho dis tanco. Tho wido portico of a country Btoro loomed in sight ; ouceriui arrays ot patent medicines with their gaudy placards adorned tho windows; the battered and broken-nosed figure of an Indian maiden insured tho pre sence of fobacco to tho way-worn traveller — and Tom bogan to soften with theso signs of approaching oiviiization. " We'll soon shako the dnst of this wretched placo from our feet, Max," hosaid. "I've had a nasty presentiment hanging over mo all day that something would hax>pcn horo; but there's tho blessed old flaming eye of tho en gine at last." It all happened in a quarter of a minuto, ovon as Tom rpoko. A waggon carao ropidly down thosteop cross-street, the drivor vainly endeavoring, as ho saw an old woman on tho crossing, to arrest tho speed of his vohielo ; his beast vtas intelligent enough to aid him in this endeavor, but tho grade was steep, and tho old woman stumbled. Max sprang for ward- just in timo to lift her to her foot. As ho roso to his own tho shaft of tho wagon gave him a rough poko upon tho log, which mado hitpwinco for a moment, but ho carried his light burden to tho corner, whero nhn Btruggicd down out of his arras, oaying, in tho weak, tremulous quaver of ngo, "Thank ye, thank yo, young mon," and hobbled away upon hor stiok in tho gloom. Tho man in tho waggon called out : " All right, boss? Nobody hurt, I reckon ? " "All right— nobody hurt," echoed Max, and tho waggon wont rattling on. ' Tho old woman had already disappeared ; tlia cngino was bolcliing forth Uamo and steam only a few rods away.- In less than five minutes Tom was filling.'tho brackets ovor thoir hoods in tho car wjth their travelling traps, and singing softly, " I got broko at playing poker, - Thrco of a kind." This was Tom's favorite piuan ' of joy. Ho novcr got boyond tho ono lino arid tho refrain, but theso Bcemed to aufilco him. Hobroko off shortly, howovcr, upon looking at his com panion. Max wna deathly pale, a white quiver about his mouth had ft" premonition of ghastly famtneaB about it. "Hallo, old follow," cried Tom, "you were hurt, alter all ; take a swig of this." Ho pouted fiomo liquor down tho throat of Max from a. littlo brown flask, which quickly brought him round, but Tom remained anxious. "Whereas tho trouble, Max?" ho said. "Only a blow on tho leg," said Max. "I shouldn't wonder if thero was a black and bluo spot thoro as big ns your hand ; but that's all. I'm tired and hungry ; let's eat something." Thoy fell to upon a littlo snppor which Tom brought from tho recesses ot his travel ling bag. Tho train Btartod on, Max re- gained his fina. florid complexion. Presently ho lot his head rcst upon his beard, nnd oloscd his oyes in a light and easy slumber. Tom drew a breath of rcliof. Tho train in creased in speed. As it wont spinning oast- ward tho very cookies of poor Tom's heart warmed at tho thought of homo. Ho pulled up tho collar of his overcoat, extended his foot upon tho luxurious upholstery of tho scat ahead, folded his hat into a pillow, and was soon mingling his humblo snore with tho con- tSmtnna rrtfflrt nnd r»rjnn?nnfl1' nil Pink nf railway train. With tho morning camo nn amelioration ot tho oold, but it brought with it fog nnd mud; Tlio nino miles' rido at tho closo of tho' second day, over an uneven country in a lumbering stago-coach, wrung sometimes from Max an oxolamation that was nearly akin to a groan; his leg had been a little stiff when ho got off tho train. Tom thought it was the awkward position In which ho had slopt. Ho began' now -to bo of tlio opinion that a touoh of rheumatism might bo at tho bottom ot tho trouble. " "Wo'll givo it a rub with somo of Aunt Em's linimont when we get homo," said Tom, with a soft inflection upon tho last word. Tom wouldn't have believed it poasiblo ho could havo boon so ridiculously glad 'to get back to stupid old Barncsvillo ; ho had been so grateful to get away from it, at that timo, lio had mado up his mind that in tho whole rango of tho States ho could not tamblo upon a duller, moro perversely stagnant and ex asperating spot than tho village of which his father was so proud. It nettled him boyond UXMJ 4JO HUM UUCK ITU 111 CUllUU IU seo his father stand with his bock to tho dining-room grate, his hands folded beneath his coat tails, and hold forth by iho hour upon the petty themes discussed in tho City Council, of which ho was an inuuential mem- bor. A pword hung conspicuously over the mantel-piece, which seemed to Tom to crown tho absurdity of tho scene. Tho littlo attcn- tionTom had given to the sanguinary ancients during his collcgiato course increased his con tempt for tho regiment of homo guards ot Barncsville, of which his father was tho colo nel, and tho approach of Washington's birth day quickened Tom's decision to join his friond Max Deling in that venture out in tho mining districts. " Why, you'd better stay till after tho twen ty-second," said Aunt Em, who was busy with silken flogs and rouctlea nt a sido table. " Merry's coming homo from school on purpose, you know." "Yes," said tho colonel, "I thought it judicious to send for America— in— a— fact, I bclicro sho is to personato. tho Goddess of Liberty; sho is tall for her ago, you know," Yes, Tom know sho was taller at fourtcon man most gins at twenty. Jtto was exceed ingly fond and proud of his sister, bat ho went nevertheless. Tom left Barncsville without a singlorcgrot and vowed in his heart that many a yoar should s go by before ho should again sco tho whito houses and grcon blinds, and littlo front gar. dens, and neat palings, and slender saplings ot elms and ash-trees and maples that at stated distances markod so many miles of his father's domain. This young lad of twenty, in tho inrioconco and arrogance of youth, thought of many a lively joust and tournament that awaited him yonder, which mado tho presont placid surroundings insipid boyond dogrco. Fivo years had gono by, and ho was coming back again, with a lively respect for tho flesh-, potsof Egypt. He had spent all tho money left him 'by his dead mother, a considerable sum loaned him by his father, not toniantionsomo little saving of Aunt Em's. Ho had spent all this monoy, and was coming baok for moro. Yet ho had not beon givon to riotous living. Heaven know tho Bimplo faro upon whioh he had served, tho rough raiment ho had worn. The. monoy had all gono in unfortunato ven tures in tho mining, districts. His friend Max JIOIV1.U uuu AU3W UTCU LUUCU bllUU XUIii. Fortune wasa flcklo jado, and had led them a sad danco, but at last, sho had warmed to their favour, 'and now tho tido _had tur ned. All this new investment wanted was a lUtlomorooapitaland their fortunes were mado. His fathor had .a olear head for business ; it would bo an easy matter to assure hiin that tho vonturo was a safo ono, and at last tho future would bo secured. Tom thought this all ovor as thoy joggod along in tho stago- cbach, and as tho familiar old landmarks be gan to appear ho . put down his coat collar, brushed .his hat with his alcove, pulled his ponfcaloons down ovor hip boots, and began to feel that hovwas Thomas Jefforson Barnes, tho only aon of Colonel Barnes ot Barnosville. His dark, thin, eager faco grow moro and moro jubilant as the fino fertile lands of tho old homestead woro passed. Aoro aftor aero of orohard and meadow and woodland woro pointed out as tho property of Colonel Barnes, and prosontly tho jaded horses began to pull up tho hill to tho big, square, nowly painted mansion that crowned, its summit. Aorim- son Uamo from tho setting buis burned in each window-pane, a brand-now flag floated Imam n M St.il ' 41am til.iV 1 . i. iiutu u uu« uuK-abuu, ana a scoona portico and' observatory had beon added to tho already flno and bedizened building. 1 A fow hours later tho. elder of our pilgrims found himself arrayed in the ono extra suit that ho had worn upon atato occasions for an incredible poriod of tiino— a sack coat and pantaloons of bluo flannel, and a high mili- tary vest ; indeed, tho wholo appoaranco of Max smaoked of tho martial. His skin was bronzed by exposure; ovon his hair had boon toned by tho olomonts to h, dozon different shades of reddish-brown. His shoulders wore square, and his big ohapoly head had a trick of inclining fonvard upon- his beard, which Bomowhat dotvaoted from liis extraordinary height, but gavo him, the colonol thought, a Napolconio air of deliberation arid distinction. Tho colonol. was poaitiyo that Max had seon. somo sort of service ; tho stiffness in his leg was immodiatoly accounted for by tho fretting of an old wound. Tom humored this fancy, but begged his father not to mention it in tho presences of his friend, as'ho wa3 particularly sonsitivo upon this point. .mvuuoy unnuutw uwww commonly belong to heroio natures," . acquiesced the colonel. Ho wa9 standiog in his old nttiludo boforo tho drawing.roora grato, I113 feet far aput,'his hands beneath tho tails of his coat. Max was tormented by an idea that tho colo nel olosoly rcsomblcd a hoary ahcop that had been a pensioner upon tho mining camp for riiany years— tho poculiar triangular shape of his head, whioh»was pointed at tho bottom, long and narrow, olenn shaven and bald ; tho expression of tho face, bland, timid, depreca ting, yet persistant ; oyon tlio blatant tones of his voico, which went beyond Max, and reaohed a : small, daintily crossed, noat, and dapper gentleman, who had been introduced ta .Mr. Fry, a prominent lawyer in a neighboring city, and- a .candidate) for tho Legislature. Max found his feet sinking into a fino velvot. carpot, and abovo his hoad tho ceiling was frescoed in what ho supposed was tho prevail ing ctylo of tho day. .ChandeHcrs of crystal shed rivers of light upon striking pictures in gorgeous frames, upon the satin, brocatelle, and ebony of tho furniture ; and ovon .as Max's eyes rested upon ono of tho heavily be- laced and upholstered windows that lmod tho apartmont, it resolved itsolf .into tho door, through which glided a toll slender girl, with baro shoulders, and magniflocnt black oyes that rendered tho rest of her faco pale.by con trast. Hor cars and neck, arms and Angara, Max thought, woro disfigured by chains and rings, and whon ha took her out to dinner, his stiff leg bcoamo awkwardly entangled in bor long train. " Tho wcatbor-bcaton red in his checks deepened, and ho did not know how much ho was disconcerted until Miss America begged of him not to bigin to hate her for tho accident. Max bowed with scant and stiff courtesy, and wondered how this yonng woman with tho ridiculous namo of America could bo. the littlo sister that Tom so adored. Sho talked too muoh, and as if sho had known Max lor years (whioh ebb had, in .truth, through her brother's letters); sho was overdressod and too jiandsome, and too consoious of a loveli ness that Max novor could admire ; sho was abla to stare a follow out of countonance, and conventional chitchat whon ono had boon buried in tho heart of a canon for fivo years, which any sonsiblo girl would know, and not staro, and notchnttor. J Of tho Goddess of Liborty stylo,' Max said, ccornfnlly, to himself. Ho was puzzled to keep up with tho routine of tho meal, whioh was not only in courses, but soryod with too many silver and outclass accom paniments for tho simplo convcmenco of Max Bcling. Tho varioty of forks alono bceamo a study to him. If America could only havo known tho causo of his vexation and abstrac tion, it might liavo Raved her a deal of future troublo ; sho would havo begun by pitying him, perhaps despising hira ; but Tom had led her to form an exalted conception of his friend's obnractcr, which her own extrava gant imagination had completed. Whon poor Max was puzzling ovor tho peculiar shapo of ono of his extra forks, America thought ho was deep in somo abstruso problem in metaphysics or mining machinery ; in tho meanwhilo tho furtivo and disturbed glances auu uuflfcuucu upuu uuu wcro imurproiuu into pity and ridtoule by Max, and so theso two really sympathetio and congonial natures misjudged each other. Nevertheless, oncb dreamed of tho othor all nightanaturalscquonco to their discomfort in each other's soaioty. - To Max ittook tho shapo of nightmare. Ho dreamed that ho was stretched upon tho raak for refusing to disoloso a stato secret, and that tho beautiful America, attired in a dtaollctb costumo of alternate stripes of red, white, and bluo bunting, presided at tho instrument of torture. Ho awoko to find that his leg was becoming tho theatre of somo posi tive suffering. It was soro to tho touoh just bolow tho knee, and tho ?cd spot whioh had formed thoro was increasing in sizo. In spito of ovory effort to tho contrary ho was compelled to relinquish his desire to walk over tho cstato after breakfast, and to accopt tho ignominious altornativo of a drivoin America's pony-phae ton. Ho felt bigger than tho pony nnd heavier than tho phaeton, and what wita a vaguo un easiness about his leg, and tho prcscnco of tho lady executioner in his dream, ho was in no haraoar to onjoy tho drive. IIo waseUoved, howovcr, to find that America did not begin to cnauor, anutnatsno woro a quiet sensible sort of suit buttonod up to tho throat, with hat of soma neutral color to match. Her hair was brushed back and caught in a simple knot in her nook, so that, as sho drovo. Max could readily admire tho exquisite proportions of Iter head. Tho morning was fine and breezy; tho pony, seomingly undisturbed by his extra load trotted cheeringly along, shaking his shaggy mano, and making a merry rattlo with his hoofs on tho excellently conditioned road. Tho villago was loft speedily behind and they .soon entered a woodland path whore in tho nudo branches of tho 'trees premature .and amatory Bongsters were already prospecting for nests. The moss about the old' gnarled roots looked fresh and green andin a sheltered nookMax pointcJout to America' tho first vio lets of tho season. Sho. throw him tho reins, arid, 'as sho oatno back to' Max and gave tho frail. blossoms to his keeping, ho began to thaw with tho rest of nature, and to talk in a way that was now to America, hut delightful. At first sho thought ho was trying to suit himself to subjects that sho could understand, his dis course was so simplo and natural; but sho soon gavo up conjecturing, and yielding her- natural and as simple as himself. .In this, way thoy grow to understand each .other before many miles had beon trottod ovcr, and Max, now fully at his caso and with a strahgo sense of happiness hitherto unknown to him, oven: went - so far as to tell her of his dream of tho' night boforo. "I assure you, Miss Barries," he said, " you really did givo an extra screw to tbo tortaro with your own haqds. loan feel it in this miserable joint of mino yet." Sho looked upon Max with an 'expression of such sweet compassion that lio hastened to add; " I'm glad of tho extra wrenoh that disabled mo, for otherwise I should havo boon trudging over bald and boggy flolds with your father and Tom, instead of oxploring this oxquisita bit of woodland with you." "It is strahgo, but I also dreamed of you," said Amorioa, gravely, " Oh, did you, Indeed ? Well, bo as frank as I was, and toll mo of your dream." . " It was too ridioulous," said America ; and Max saw tho oolor crcop into hor clear pale ohcok. To his confusion, ho folt bis own bo- ginning to tingle. - — nuuiuu uuvu uuun more- ridiculous man mino?" ho said gently. ' " In anothor way," shoropliod. "Idreamod that yourcBoucdmofromsoracthinghorrible." Here sho blushed deeper, and paused. " A dragon ? " said Max, with ill-concealed curiosity. And sho replied that it was. not a dragon ; and by that timo thoy were trotting up tho aYenuo of poplars, and soon Max saw< hor disappear up tho broad . staircase. Tom was coming down. Max saw that ho was pale and disturbed. ' "I must havo a talk with you," said Tom : "let's tako a turn about tho grounds." Then, notioing that Max limped painfully, "Tho dovil 1" ho exclaimed;- "that's an other confounded nuisanco that must bo seen to at onco." Then ho took Max's atm, and helped him up tho stairs to tho guest- chamber ho had slopt in tho night boforo. Tom shut and barred tho door, and coming closo to his friond, who had thrown himself with an air of exhaustion into an arm-chair, ho said, in a tone of suppressed wrath anddisappointmout : "There's no liopo here, Max — nothing but a hodgc-podgo of ruin and desolation. My father is next door to a bcggcr." Max bore this news with resignation. .Ho had been thinldng whilo limping np tho stairs that all that spoiled America was tho natural, mcrctriciouo consequence of .being rich. " I spoke to my fathor," continuod Tom, " right after breakfast, determining to havo tho thing settled at once, and ho confessed to mo that it is morely hanging on hy a thread so far as ho is concerned— that everything is mortgaged to tho hnb, and tho depreciation in real cstato has mado most of tho . mortgages fairly cover tho property. It is only tho pcouliar and lucky relation that this little sharper of a Fry holds to iho family that saves everything from going to the/hammer. Fry holds all tho mortgagee, and is leniont about tho intorcst, as well ho iuay bo. Ho's got, somo monoy himself, and has tho handling of a quantity more through a rioh old grandmotbor out West.. When ho marries Meny, this wholo property will como into hrn hands." "When ho what?" said Max, suddenly leaping out of a sort of lethargy, that had crept over him. "Whon ho marries America, my sister," said Tom. "Fortunately for .my father ho has a daughtar beautiful and wiso enough to keep tho wolf at bay. 'It's a lucky thing for Morry slio's not tho kind of girl to hobnob with poverty. Sho'll boo to my father and Aunt Em. As for me, tho pick and pan of n miner— But what in thunder— hoy 1 Max, my boy I " Max was shaking and chattering in a con- gestivo chill ; his faco was livi/; his nails purple. -Tom got his friend to bed, and sent for a doctor at onco. Max scrambled out of tbo chill into a fovcr. "Somo trouble with tho bono," said tlio doctor. " Brings about a nasty complication sometimes. Keep tho patient quiot just now." .Whioh was easier recommondcd than done. Max tossod and tumbled and talked wildly, and with an unnecessary form of patriotism, Tom thought, about Amorica and tho Goddess of Liborty. / "I'll flavo her, Tom," whispered , Max — II T'll .... 1IA. ) I T .1!. /AM 24 T J! J m... A iA miu uvt it A UIU 4v. Hi A UIU UUWt JOU know." " Save who, my poor liar ? " Bald Tom. 11 Why' tho GoddQBB, you know— tho God- dcas of Liberty I Sho'a turning tho eciows. again in thatneoureed raok, but alio don't know it. Who would havo boliovcd oho oould havo bron bo Bimplo and womanly and awoot? — as fresh and nuro, before Heaven, Tom, as tho violets sho hold in her hand. I hated her by gas-light in her . low dress, with all those gewgaws nbout her.". Tom saw that liis sister's face was red and polo by turns. " Perhaps you'd bettor go out of tha room, Merry," lie said. " God only knows what fancies beset bis brain." Merry thought sho knew ; sha fancied, sho could tell of a certain Venetian vase that held tbo Tcry violets Max raved about. Tho violets in tho Venetian vnso woro dead ; others had taken their placo ; March riponcd into April, and April was fast verging to May, and still poor Max was a prisoner in that fine luxurious upper chamber in tho colonel's honsoat Barncsville. His leg had all this irimu uuuu uauur treatment, aau ino aocior thought it possible by. a series of probings and applications to offcct a temporary cure. " Tho core ot tho discaso will probably remain for a longer poriod," said tbo physiolan," but tho physiquo of tho pationt will bring him round whan lio can got air and cxorclso." " Max's flno physique, howovcr, began to bo rather against nim than in his favor. Tho doctor leaned to tho opinion that ho would prefer a more sanguino temperament. In tlio meanwhilo tho most of Mios America's timo was spout in tlio vicinity of tho siek-cbambci. A wonderful aptitudo as a nurso had developed itself in this versatile yonng womao, and sho had oven shown a rare ability in concocting broths nnd dainties to tempt a jaded appetite. As usual, sho devoted horsclf to this now hobby with enthusiasm. " 8ho gives her wholo heart to everything slio undertakes." said tho colonel, apolo getically, to a visitor who bad called savcral times and -found it impossiblo to oco tho daughter of thohouso; "but this mania will spend itself liko all tlio rest, and then' sho won't want to hear of a stole person for a twelvemonth." too colonel's auditor smucd complacently, and began to talk of other tilings Although thero was something amounting to a betrothal between himsolf and tho lady in question, hiB mind also was prcocoupied and absorbed. An onlookcd-for complication had arisen in his own affairs. His grandmother' had altered her will, and left more. than two-thirds of her property in 'a way that might occasion Mr; Fry considorablo trouble. Ho was oompelled to go out and see tho old lady, and had called ta bid Merry a brief farewell. fUndor thoso circumstances . tho young .woman consented to como down. She left tho hot hand of Max and his eager, devouring eyes, for tho cool; clammy palm and tho, foxy gaze of her pro mised husband. . Merry found, as thoy stood' together, that sho really was a half head taller than Mr. Fry, as Max had once laugh-, inglytold her. She .looked down upon the dapper littlo man with gravo courtesy, and left hor. hand in his own, bat ho saw that hor manner was constrained and lier attention wandering. "I won't kcop you from your studies, America," ho said ; " I'm in -Bomowhat of a hurry myself ; I must catch tho noon train." Auuii uu-Huub uii iu to j i uer toot ins interests with his grandmotbor were seriously threat ened, and hio presence was necessary, out tjicrq fen: a short poriod ; that lio would write,- and ho hoped she .would find timo to reply. .America prpmiscdsho would write, and began for the first timo since thoir engagement to find it obsolutely repugnant to hor to havo his thin, lips touch her own.. Ho was ordinarily a cold, unioipasBipncd wooor, and was not a: whit warmer now ; than usual; bat custom, required that ho should kiss her good- byo. America yieldod to. tho. brief caress, butit was only, when he was well out on tho portico, with his hat on, and barely timo to patch tho train, that homatmor warmed to tho- occa sion or tho impatient crimson abated in . her checks. On hor way- baok to Max's chamber aho stopped in her- own, and laved her; face,: her lips, and washed well hor hands. Sho. mot tno dootor in tho corridor, and bohind him was ovidontly ariotbor professional gentleman. Thoy -both walked gravely and' silently down tho stairs.ta tho lower hall, Where the colonel was pacing to and fro, , his hands beneath-his coat tails. . , . " Ahem I "coughed tho colonol, ayrapathot- icauy, " wnac iB tno ultimatum " Just as I said," replied tho family sphyax- cian : an amputation is necessary to sa.vo tho patient's : lifo ; . but ho , objects— strenuously and violently refuses." Merry ran un tho stairs withput'waiting to hear more,, ana found her brother Tom sitting by tho bedside, his faco buried in his hands. " Hero is your sister, Tom," said Max, with a warning inflection in his voice, and holding out his hand .to tho young girl with bis usual cheery smile. . " You needn't try to conceal.anything from me," sho said. " I know all about it ; I am studying mcdioino and surgery, and moan to bo a physioian. Now that tho worst - has come, wo can meet it, bravely. .You'll' get well and strong, and be yourself again, Max; : and; after all, an old Boldicr surely don't mind tho loss of a leg." Then Tom, seeing .a look of distress in Max's face, told Merry for tho first timo of tho rescue of tno old woman." x " If sbo had been young, or even pretty," groaned Tom ; " but bIio was a vcritablo witoli— thoro was Bomcthinc: uncanny in her wlioto appoaranco, and no doubt oho hold an infectious curso about her. Her old bones might hotter havo been ground to powder than to havo brought all this about, for bIio hadn't long to livo in any caso ; but Max was always rcokless,". "You'd, havo demo tho somo thing," said Mw, " if I had npt anticipated you." "I wish .1 had," cried Torn—"! wloh to heaven, it was I that bad to ohooso between m log and my lifo ; tho leg would go mighty quiokl" "Your leg Is of loss consequence to you, per haps, and vour lifo more," said Max. "Tho ono would bo usoloss to mo without tho other, arid both are of littlo account. You' know, Tom, that I haven't a relative or friond out- oido ofyoursolf." Hero Tom saw that his sistar had reaohed tho door, tratbwas beckoning him out of tho room. , "You must got upon ahorse/' sho Raid, when tlio door wau closed upon tho. sick-chamber, " and go down to tlio city, and bring thoso doc tors baok with you before night. Tho opera tion must bo performed at onco ; and tall them to get moro doctors it necessary— to spare no expense. 1'vo— I'vo got monoy of mamma's you know, Tom," sho stammered, gently— " that dear mamma left mo for my own." Tom nodded. That monoy of thoir dead mother's was bound to go in somo way. o qg) "But Maxims not consented," said Tom. " It doscn't matter," said Morry ; "It must bo dono. Ho'll know nothing about it till all is over. Do you go after tho doctors, and I'll sco to tho rest." It seemed to Tom that tho remaining hours of that day wont by liko a queer, awfal dream. Ho remembered bringing thodootors stealthily in, and becoming conscious of -a faint odor — sickening, sweet, overpowering— that filled the room immediately afterward, of holding his sister tight in his arms in tho .adjoining ; chamber whilo something terriblo was going on inside there, and during an agonizing ten sion of his norves, later on, hearing a terriblo cry burst from tho lips of poor Max. "Gracious Godl" ho groaned, "whoso wore was wits r " Mino I" said Merry. "Did you think I would let you dio?" It would havo taken a stronger . man than Max to have turned away from that beautiful, earnest, pallid faco now caressingly .oloso to his own. Tom looked, on in speeohlcss' and rant dismay, remembering his father's perilous plight. Max remained dazed and bowildarod, but after that first outcry mado no complaint. Tho operation was eminently successful. Tho doctors rubbed their hands ovor it, and- eulo gized tho system, tho patient, each other, every thingand everybody concerned. Aepecdy convalescence and radical riddanco of tho whole disorder was prophesied. But days wont by — wocks — a month and moro and otill Max lay under tho silken canopy, Ida faco as waxen and woak-voincd as that of a sick in; fant, his eyes unnaturally bright and hollow, his hands feverish, and his wholo aspect fit to strike terror to tho hearts that remained steadfastly but despairingly fond, " Lifo is Bwect, Tom," Max said ono day. " x novcr tnougut it oould hold so muchbappi-. ncss ; bat you sco, I can't, I must not live— it would bo too cowardly ; there's no other way. out ot it bat to die. Would you sco your in- comparablo sister tied for lifo to a pauper and a crinplo— tho wifo of a ono-lcggcd flag-man at a railway crossing, or accompanyinghm efforts with a hurdy-gurdy uponatambourino? Then remcmbor tho desperate condition of your . father. My good Tom, it is a hopeless caso." It was along speech for poor Max. Great beads started out on his forehead, and bis voico had sank to a whisper baforobo was half through with it. But it told tho wholo story. "Wo. might tako Horry's monoy into con sideration," saidTom,thoa pauBed,romombcr- ing tho insufficient quantity there was to take. Tom plunged his hands deeper into his hair,/ and wished there was a bank somowhero ad-\ , jaccnt and ho was an A 1 tip-top burglar with , an clastic consoicncc. Ho folt positive that only a fow thousand dollars would dovclop tho mino to such on extent that another leg would bo a superfluity to Max. Ono magnificent morning in Juno, Nature - was at her happiest, at hor best. Tho long muuwKo v. UIM a vuuuiuvt vruxu gycuuu 1U tlio full; tbo branches of the sycamores tem pered tho rays of tho sun and subdued tho frolic of tho breeze. A celestial sileuco reigned in tho gardon below, where tho tulips blazed, tho pinks oxhalcd npioy odors, Btiff parterres of blosAomB were mado wanton by bees and butterflies, and palo phantoms of statues were robed arid reliovcd by a prodigality of reflected color arid shade ; tho bires sang, the bees hum-, med, all in an undorrtono of dreamy delight. But tho palo lips of Max broke into ion old rhymo that somowhat marred the voluptuous easo of tho moment : Oh, to think my name is crossed ' From duty's muster-roll— That I may slumbor through the clarion col J, ' And livo tlio joy of an cmbodiod soul, Froo as a liberated ghost I '> Oh, to fool a lifo of deed . . ' Was emptied out to feed That firo of pain thathurricd so brief'a while— ' That firo from whlah l como as tho doad.como ' Forth from tbo irreparable tombl'V- ; , Two human beings in the next xbom: looked - at eaoh othei in . speechless dismay. Tom shook hia head, and let it fall, with a, gesture ' of desDair. unon h!s hand ritrnin nml irn'm to control her nerves picked upi a paper , that had lain upon tho table sinco tho previous day. : A sealed lottcr, addressed by tho eamo hand, htffl romainod there ovon longer. , Thoy were both from.tho Western tawn where Mr. ; ' Fry was stiU sojourning. His grandmother V - had died in ho interim, whichpalliativocalam- ity threatened furthor complicatiohs'and a Ion- gor dolay. Merry oponed the paper arid read it with her eyes alone'; tho nerve that conrioct- : " ed the organ, of vision with her brain was dor- mant and paralyzed. Tho advertisements/ being in largory print, sho rcaAfirat. Presently hor oyes fell upon the following; ; 1 . "If tho toll, brown- whiskered gentleman who, on tho evening of tho "18th of March, ricorUio depot nt— ; — — , rcsouodan old lady from being run over, and immediately, after ward, with his companion, took tho train east- " ward,- will communicate with H, K. Fry,' sq: licitor, ho will hear of something greatly to hia advantage." Morry read this over several; times, somo- 1 times repeating tho words half aloud , to get ' thoir meaning, hor eyes gradually gaining m- tolligorice and. oppression;.' Then sho -turnod i»u mo uumuuvcu luucr. ana .oroKQ'tno Deal. Hor hands trembled, and her lips parted eager ly. Sho drifted ovor the letter till sho reached thofollowingpassage: "And this; dear Amori oa, is tho story the absurd old lady told : that while crossing tho street sho stumbled, and. a waggon rattling down tho hill would havo in evitably gone over her had it not been for this tall deliverer, ,wlio seized hor, in hia arms arid ' carried her to the corner; . that ho was liimself. straqk by tho polo of the. waggon, but appar-. v onlly unhurt, took tho eastward train. And to this mythical knight," added Mr. Fry, "my . grandmothor has left one-half hor monoy and " lier share in tho mine. Tho monoy alono will amountta-flixly thousanddollara. Butl doubb if he can bo found very soon, and in tbo mean, whilo I am tho cxeautor and administrator of tho cstato Merry's eyes had dilated to an enormous extant; a crimson Uamo burnod in hor ohcok. Tho lottcr and newspaper oho clutched in hor, baud, and striding over to Tom, touched him upoll tho shoulder. Tom looked up and was startled to find this magnificent fa$o glaring down unon liim. Mcrrv thrust tha miint- into his hand, and pointed to tho uolioitor'a advertisement. Tom read, and tho paper bo gan to rattlo in . his fingers. . Then Moiry pushed tho open lottcr upon tho paper, and pointed to tho interesting paragraph. Tom road, and hia faco grow palo as ashes. . Ho'; .shortly arose to his fcot, to tho ends of hia, toes, and lifting tho letter abovo his head, went pirouetting around tho room, singing in an effective undcrtono this touching refrain : . " I got broke at playing poker, ' Throo of a kind 1 " This powcrful tonio had to bo administered. $o Max in small doses ; but wg must refer tho reader for tho ocquol to this story to an isauo of tho BarncsvUlo Chwjiiclc como months later on.' .It was nlpngthybUof elottaenco, but the pith, of it consisted in tho iniorma- tion that tho bridal excursion of tho happy pair— which was in rather a barren direction for a convalescent, however— inoluded n sug- - gestivo visit to a proxpnrnus mine, Dnd D'ftt tlio solo party who accompanied thorn was "our, esteemed follpw-towrismau .Thomas, Jefferson 13arnes. Esn.. the brother nt tbo brido.' ''—Harper's Weekly. 