Mit. Ghifpith has promptly and firmly put down his foot oa the Indian coolie business. Thop is no hesitation nor equivocation in what he has 'said. The Opposition section of the Press' has im plored him to declare his policy. ' Mr. IVIacrossan, tho whilom co-worker, and subsequent champion of the working men, has declared his intention of forc ing the Premier's hand on the coloured labour quostion. He, who was oncewith the working men, is now ngainst them. The defender of the rights and liberties of tho working classes has become the champion of the mercenary and clamor ous capitalists. Be it so, if so he choose. Eetribution generally follows perfidy: As for the Premier, lie has waited till the right moment had arrived for de claring, his policy on the coolie question ; on the arrival of the opportune moment he has, without any politi cal formula, or affirmative or nega tive pubic declaration iof policy, quietly and definitely swept the sub ject oft: the table of his policy, ft haB no place there. Mr. Macroasan'B threat was the vain boast of baffled courage and ostentatious chivalry. That he will try to execute his. threat may be assumed. To do so will harmonise with his crabbed obstinacy. He is a man of tenacious resentfulness. Innate dispo sition and party fidelity will combine to constrain him to push to the front such an important element of his party's policy. Take affirmations and protes tations as tve may, there cannot be a shadow of doubt that the policy of tho present Opposition, ' so far as it concerns the working classes, is \- I ? in perfect harmony with the tra ditions of the party they represent. Ever since the establishment of respon sible government in Queensland that party haa invariably and systematically sacrificed tho interests of tho industrial classes to the interests of capitalists. They have aimed to build ? up an aris tocracy on a basis of cheap labour.;1 criminal oxpirees, -Chinamen, Poly nesians, East Indians, Malays — it mat tered hot of what physical or moral complexion, so long as it was cheap. The old aristocratic spirit animates them still. What, in this respect, they were, they still are, and ever will bo.| On the other hand, the Liberal party has always been the popular party — in aim, in effort, in principle. It has been the guardian and conservator of the people's rights. On special occa sions, as during tho late general elec tion, the haughty Conservatives have condescended to flatter tho humours of tho 'lower orders,' and to affect a con cern for tho welfare of those orders, a concern through the transparent hypo crisy of which the working man was sagacious enough to see the ghost of aristocratic self-interest. Ingenious adaptation of means to an end did not conceal the end. Behind the flimsy flattery of the working classes there loomed tho dark shadows of a million coolies. The bepraised working man mostly saw plainly that he was being flattered that he might bo thrust out of the lucrative wage ways of the colony. There was a small and silly section of the working classes who did not see all this; who had sub mitted to be blinded by bribes and muddled by grog; who were too ignorant or too prejudiced to look be yond the wants and wages of the present day : these men voted illegally for money paid to*them by the aiders and abettors of coloured labour. Their mercenary flunkeyisin and their electionnl frauds failed to secure the ends of those poli ticians whose tools they were. It would be a dire calamity for this young colony if the great questions of public policy could be practically settled by mobs of men whose exercise of tho fran chise was controlled by parliamentary candidates with more money- than moral principle, with more greed of money than sense of honour. Por the present the schemes of the cheap labour aud self -aggrandising section of politicians have been frustrated by the vigilance, earnestness, and sagacity of that portion of the colonists who arc too patriotic and high principled to compromise their Jong-cherished convic tions for immediate monetary gains. The true statesman looks at a -diffi- culty on all sides. Its immediate issues may be comparatively light and tran sient. Its remoter issues may be of the utmost consequence to the population, the industry, and the government of the colon}*. For instance, if the cla morous advocates for coloured labour are allowed to have their way the whole industrial character of the colony will be ultimately changed. It will be governed by an oligarchy of wealthy planters aud squatters! The masses of the population will be servile. Sir. Griffith and his party have bceii elected for the express purpose of pre venting such a condition of things. One of the great war cries of the late electoral campaign was — ' Queensland for Europeans.' Any equivocation on this point would have been fatal to tho potent unity of the Liberal party. There would have been a third party of labour democrats. Party division was avoided by unanimity of sentiment on the part of candidates. Mr. Griffith defined his course at the start. Then he had simply to say, ' follow me.' The great majority of the candidates and electors did. follow him. His policy was endorsed by the grand verdict of the polling-booths. His recent reply to the Government of India is the natural sequence of that verdict. His action could riot have been different. Be the results what they may to the omnivorous planters, the action is tho logical result of the general election. The Governor- General of India is prepared to accept the draft regula tions for Indian immigration to Queens land forwarded by Sir Thomas M'B wraith on the 21st June last. Mr. Griffith regrets that the Indian Gov ernment should have been put to so much trouble in, the matter, but he informs the Secretary to that Gov ernment that 'it is not the inten tion of the present Government of this colony to submit to Parlia ment for its approval any regula tions for the introduction' of In dian immigrants.' So the prolonged negotiations terminate, in a fiasco. The policy of the Government of the colony in that respect is reversed. The only agitation on the subject in the future will be by the minority in the Assembly, at the instigation of the sugar planters. Mr. Gnffitnhad.no alternative. He was pledged by his own views and prin ciples as well as by tho result of the general election to take the standing ground he now occupies. The big capitalists may suffer through his deci sion, but it does not by any means follow that the sugar industry will be ruined. It may possibly eventuate that it will become transformed into a legi timate agricultural pursuit by agricul turists, instead of a planter's monopoly b}' absentee proprietors. We shall in finitely prefer the former. ' i Fatal Accident.— Tho police at Koma, re. port that a man Darned Mallcott was killed on tUo 2Gtu irmtant while riding home from tbe 8t. George races. At nn inquiry it was asoer. tnineil t- at death was accidental. ' -.';,,' : .-,', Loko Hours. — A corr apondont draws attention to tht extremely l'ng hours ? during which th« jou'ney men bakers have to work in Bri bano, which, he'nsaert', are far l',ng-r than 'n th.» other colonies. Ho BUgg sts that the journeymen should form a' eooiety for thoir mutual protection/ nnd for the lessoning of, their timo of labour. Wateb! wAteb! — 'Drought' writos:— ' Tho water was off all day Saturday, without previous notice. Can you tell me if the irresponsible mandarins who ruin our water destinies, in this long- suffering city, are aware tlmt in suoh caio beasts get no drink, and man no cookery, no bath ? for you cannot boil potatoes, rice, or make tea without wator ; and ono cannol live altogether on baked or friod stuff, with nothing to wash it down, in this weather.' Tnn Cook — Tho Caolctow»\ Courier, of Do oember 19, sny» that Mr. F. A. Cooper, the junior member for the Cook, intends to resign his sent af i or the next eossion, in which case tho Courier liopos to see a local msn oomo foi ward for election. Bblkase fkoji Pnisos. — Wo-Jenrn that Both Peterson, !forniorly Doputy Eogiotrnr General, .who .riceiyad a ssontencq ...of ,.« long, torm of imprisonmunt for- forging doods, has been, by order of.Uhe Exeoutive Oounoil.ro? loasnd from confinement. ? New Zbalaitd'Issubancb Company; — Wo have beon shown a viow of tho offices of tho I«aw Zealand Imurjnco Company, about to bo erected in San Krnncisco. Tho building, which will bo bix stories high without the bascmonti eurmountod by a spire, is to huvo a most im posing deration Tho architecture ia in the Moorish style,' and tho ornamentation in very olabprato. It will Iiaro a frontage of 62 foot and a depth of 124 feot. Tits Postmasteb-Qekbbaii.— 'Wo loarn that tho Hon. J. F. Garriok was cxprotod to leavo Sydney by stcomer on Saturday, for Briabmo. Thkatbb Botai. — There was a .good at ti-ndanco at the theatre on Saturday ovening, when the pantomime went- better than ever. It is undoubtedly tho best production of iho kind ever seen in Brisbano — at any rate, of lato joars. ? , ' .,?''.'? £t And ?ew'sCht/boii.— Tho Hov.B.Meores preached a sor/non in this church yesterday efeuiug previous to his depnrturo for England) whither he goes for a time for tho benefit of his health, which has not been good for some time past. His locum teveiis during his absence will bo tho Eot. Samuel 2obiuson, who recently arrived from Victoria. If ewIbbeaotebs Wa-hdbbing in- the Bcsh. — Three more New Irclandors were found camped in the bush near tho Kangaroo Point Hope Works yesterday morning. They were soen in a perfectly nude state by .some of tho residents thoreabouta, who. communicated with the 'police and had them arrested. Tho 'boys' were armed with a tomihawk, but mado no resistance when tho constable came to capture thorn. They had come from Jio Coomem and wera apparently making their way to tho immi gration depot. The Dduitbiwe's lusiiOBAirra — Tlis ship Duntruno, from Glasgow, with 4S2 bounty immigrant?, was towed up from the bay on Satur day forenoon by tho Boko. Shu anchored in the stream at noon, and disoinbarktd her immi grants on to the Boko, which convoyed them round to tho de;;6t. Tho now arrivals were then landed, nnd will bo quar tered in the depot umil tho proper prorisioti for their accommodation at tho old gaol build ings has been completed. The Darra's immi' grants were landed on Friday aftorr.oon, and took up temporary quartors at the Immigration Depot. Toowosc Debating- Socif.ty. — This rociety held its usual weekly meeting iatfc night in tho Institute, the President (Mr. GT M. Collidge) in tho chair, there being a fair attendance of members and a few visitors. Mrj'i1. F. White read a paper ontitlod 'Tho Tontine System, as applied to I.i'o Assurance'' Tho paper wa3 favourable to tho spoeial ad vantages of the system, which is comparatively new, but very RuccoHsfu!, as carried out by tho' Neir Yaik J,ifo Assumuce Society, whoso t xbies, with examples, wuro quoted, also lei tars of jcoommondition received from ioxaa of ten yours' tontine members. A discussion which followed the piper was rather favourable to tfcit system. - ,, BISBANE SCANDINAVIAN UNION. — The half-yearly general meeting of the Brisbane Sandinavian Union was held on Saturday night in the Grosvenor Hotel, George-street, about fifty members being present. Mr. Vilh injsisn, C.E., was voted to tho chair.. The report and balance sheet wero read and adopted, and tho following ? honorary officers olectcd for the ensuing half-yoar : President, P. ;Thomlo ; vico-presidunt, Vilh Larson ; secretary, O. F. Ljungbarg ; troasurer, N. H. Andersen ; librarians — Liboroth and M. Ljung bcrg; committe.) for tho sick fund -P. Peter sen, B. Poulsen, and O. Frus; auditors — J. Dahl, J. Drewesen, and H. P. Fredericksen. It was decided to hold an ordinary meeting every Saturday night, and to receive pay, &c;, every second Saturday, from 8 to 10 o'clook,' com mencing the 12th of January n«xV. PROPOSED COMHBECIAIi TbaVEJVLEBS' ASSO. ciation. — A well altondod meeting of com mercial travellers was held at tho Quoon'a Hotel on Saturday evening to consider the desirability of forming a traveller*1 a.'sooiation similar to those recently established in Sydney, and Melbourne. Mr. H. Jreeve was voted to tho chair. A general conversation look plico on tho object for which the meeting was convened, and thoro was a unanimous expression of opitiiun in favour of tho propojal to form an association in Brisbane. . As howorer,. some gentlemen who tako a warm interest in tho matter were unable to bo presont, h was agroed that nothing definite should be done until Wednesday next, to which, timo the meeting wjb adjourned in ordor that thoso who doaite to become connected with the association may be present at its incoption and assist in framing the rules by which the eociety will be governed. The Woohoongabba Division.— At the last mooting of the Woolloongabba Divisional Board a petition was received from residents of the division, asking that at future election! in connection with the division voting by ballot be substituted for voting by poet. Mr. Maynard nnved, and Mr. Crump seconded,—' That a petition be presented to the Governor-in. Council, praying that' at (he noxfc election of members of the board voting by pout be. dis continued and- voting by ballot substituted.1'. An amendment, moved by Mr. Drake : and seconded by Mr. Hardgrave, to tho effect that the elections for next 'year bo conducted by post as heretofore, was lost and the original motion carried. A correspondent write?, expressing his own satisfaction and that of alarge number of ratepayers at this action, ai:d tho hope that thoso members of tho boiird who are irregular attendants will not bo found aoting again. New Ybab's Dat.— To-morrow being New Year's Day will be a publio holiday. There will be excursions to fcho Bay— by thu Francis Cadell, which has been ohartored by tho; Ann street ' Prosbyteriah Sunday eohool, and the South BiiBbane Presbyterian Sunday school. She will go to Woody Point. The, Kal -ra takes excursionists to Humpybong, the profits of tho trip being in aid of the Oroek- street Presby terian Church drgsn fund. The obiof evont of the daytwill.bo tho oponing of the Albert Sports Ground, Bowon Bridge, whioh will be celebrated by a orioket matoh between tho Albert. . and Stanley clubs, in which. Bomo of tho bost plajors of both. club3, will, tako ; part. Mra Moxloy and Mr. Shivvson aro tho caterors, and as plenty of, shade hus boon provided and tho convenience of the publio amply attonded to, it is not l'kply thufc,tho»o who attend the match »ill regrot their day's outing. Con veynnceB will leave Prentice's Cricket Depdt at half past 9 to convey tho teams to tho ground, and tho gamo will comiiionco sharp at lialf-paBt 10\. Frequent trains will run to tho ground, tho tiinos o£ dejmrturo of which appenr in an advertisement in our budificts columns, and omnibuses will run evory hulE-hour to tho ground. 