MELBOURNE GOSSIP . ? FByThe Ghost. 1 ? : . ' , ?:'??'': .Tuho 0. The Viotorian ' silly season' is at its height: Politically, sboially, and dramatically there is stagnation. Men on 'Change say, too, that, commercially, matters aro not a whit more lively, and brokers aver that mining neverwas so dull. Perhaps it's one of those periodical ' waves of depression' one reads about that is passing over the oolony, or perhaps it's the natural reaction suhervonintr nnon our lato prosperity, or'porhaps, again, it's the weather. For aught anyone knows it may be a combina tion of these three causes that has dovcloped, from a gossiner'i point of view, ono of tho most uneventful periods in our oolonial history. Tho Government is beginning to feel a little more seoure in the saddle. When first Ministers assumed offloe they could not deny any request made them; and deputations of all sorts and conditions of man, from all sorts of places, obtained all sorts of promises, in regard to all sorts of requirements. Now they havo aotually pluoked up courage to say 'No' to the sturdy deputationists that bosot their offices, and to send recipients of expected favours empty away. ' Gentlemen,' is now the stereotyped answor given by Ministers to all and sundry who require post-offices, or bridges, or mechanics' institutes, or what not, ' the Estimates have been prepared; and we regret extremely that .your case: cannot be -dealt with until next year.' How convenient that next year is 1 It in reality means the Greek Kalends, and postpones tho evil day of reckoning indefinitely. ' After us the dolugo' is a good Ministerial motto. Next year may never dawn on them — officially; and just as dead men. tell no tales, so do defunct Ministries keep no, pledges. '?'.-.'. Wore it not that, from time to time some little spandal ' is.' wafted about on the breath of rumour, the quid mines of Mel bourne would be fairly 'gravelled .for lack of matter' upon whioh to exercise their , talent..; Yet the powers of invention of those: ; pests of sooiety, the scandalmongers, are wonder iful; Does a young lady appear daily on the' ? Collins-street ' blook?' 'She comes thereto meet Mr. Blank, you know, and he's a. married man with four ohildren.' Does she absent her self for a short time or pay a visit to one of the neighbouring colonies? ' It was tho wisest and most; prudent thing she could do ; saves an esclandres, you know.' And thuB are innocent girls' reputations ruined. : The lateBt victim of this stabbing in the dark has been a young lady, known on the blook as ' Little Miss Iniquity.' She was away for a few woeks, and all the mauvaisc langues in town were set wagging. Now she has returned to hor old haunts, look ing as if nothing had happened. In' all pro bability nothing has. ? ? ? ' 1 'What may happen to a woman in Viotoria was shown a day or two ago, during tho trial of Saville and wife v. Gilbee. ? The plaintiff, an actor, sued the doctor for damages oausedto his better half, by placing a lump of lunar caustic in her mouth, inoidentally acousing the medical gentleman of having been guilty of the act for the purpose of damuging the reputation of one of the resident surgeons at the Melbourne Hos pital. .' Fortunately for the medical profession, the jury did not believe the story, and, by re turning a verdict in the doctor's favour, exonerated him from the charge of gross m»l praotice, and tho still moro grave one. of endea- , vouring surreptitiously to blast the prospeots of a possible rival. But the evidence afforded the outside publio a glimpse into the inner life of the Hospital, whioh shows that Oxenstiern's dictum, in relation to the small amount of wis dom with whioh tho world is governed, applies with nmoh. force to the Melbourne Hospital. The young ' saw-bones,' who oooupy the posi tion of resident surgeons, appear to look upon a patient brought into the casualty ward as a corpus vile upon whioh to exeroiso their 'prentice hands. Even were a person brought into the institution suffering from the effects of drink, the application of tho galvanic battery is a wanton piece of oruelty. But to subject a woman suffering from an epileptic fit to a series of galvanic 'shocks, and to repeat them bacau^e she expresses her unwillingness to disclose her name and address, is in a way re-introduoing the tortures of the inquisition. No wonder the learned judge who tried the case stigmatised the treatment received by Mrs. Savillo as 'im- proper and brutal.' Mr. and Mrs. Savillo evidently sued the wrong dootor. Much adverse oomment has ensued on pub licity being given to the negotiations the Government havo been oarrying on with a view of disposing of one of the two gunboats ordered for the defences of the oolony by a former Ministry. People think that the lesson to one of . the present inourobentB of office, who abolished the Garrison Artillery, and now sees its re- establishment, should have taught him that the people of tho oolony will not havo the defence question tampered with, and that if ' savings' are to be offeotod, they must be made in other directions. When Parliament meets the matter is certain to be brought under notice and the Government subjected to hostile, and in this instance, well merited criticism. Why we of the Caucasian race should con tinue to look down on the Mongolian in the face of every day facts is somewhat of a puzzle. John Chinaman, if ho has not all the virtues, has at least all the vices of civilisation, When he possesses a wife, he beats he ? for all tho world as if he hailed from 'he banks of tho Shannon or tho Thames, inst tt-I 'f from the valloy of the Yang-tze. There Bn'fc a crime in the deoalogue hoTcan't vie in bre. king with any European. A Chinaman has th,. irea'c oom mitted a murder in a fashion that would have dono credit to a European. Ho first l.&oko; 1 his victim about with a oleavor, then stu » la his chest by jumping upon him, and finally Bottled the matter by outting the man's throat from ear to ear. Love and jealousy were the actuat ing motiveB of the deed, and not the thirst for money. And then we oall these people bar barians ! The murdered man was, it is true, ' only a Chinaman.'.' ....:. The Redmond Brothers are now in our midst They havo oomo, they have seen, and they havo lectured to a somewhat limited but sympathetic audionoo— their sympathy taking tho praotioal form pf n, five shilling entranoo fee— at tho Hall of. tho patron Saint of Ireland. If tho meeting was remarkable for anything, it wns so from the absence of any prominent politicians or men of note, and for tho subdued character of Mr. Redmond's oration. Tho M.P. for Now Ross roared far moro liko the dove than the lion. In sooth, tho only person who did any roaring was Mr. Longmoro, who raved in his very best manner, quite, in faot, in the King Oambyses vein. ,. , There has been, as diplomatists would say, a rupture of amipablo relations betweon the Government and tho contractor for construct ing the lino of railway betweon tho two pioturosquo Gippsland townships of Morwell arid Mirboo. Tho works havo oomo to a sudden stop, and upwards of a hundred men and their families havo been thrown upon thoir own resources. The railway department is being urged to continue the line' by day labour, ana this plan being in operation on 'the Kensing ton Hill job' will perhaps take this course. If thoy do not there will bo much discontent nnd grumbling among those who have migrated from various parts of the oolony to obtain employment on a Government work, and' who find thomsolves now in a part of the country they would certainly not havo ' seleotod' as a permanent residence. Many of the men are unable to leave, owing to want of means, and whord they now aro there is no work to do if tho railway is not made. They aro.it is true, 'settled on tho land,' but in a way they don't appreciate. Unless Mr. Gillies comes to tho rescue there is oertain to be ' a row in tho House' when our legislators again reassemble. The Age is in luok. Mr. Patrick Hunt, whom a jury of his countrymen agreed had boon libelled by tho journal named, has been awarded a farthing damages ! Is there not some proverb tho reverse of complimentary to the wisdom of those who go to law to seek redress for grievances 1 The gossip of tho coulisses is of a certain young prima donna assoluto and her cisisheo. Thoso who imagined that this class of adjunot to Italian married life had gone out of vogue have lately been ocularly oonvinced of their error. Any evening at some one of our theatres may be seen the lady, the husband, and tho 'trusted friend,' a blissful trinity united in a perfect entente cordialc. Until I myself saw how well the trio got on together, I confess to being a believer in the adage that affirms that ' two's oompany but three's none.' Now my faith in this proverbial aphorism is considerably shaken. The only member of the pnrty who does not appear perfectly, at her ease is the lady. I've heard her in Italian opera sing with much sweetness and pathos, but thero ia little doubt that were she to be heard in the time-honoured song with Etrglish' opera, that indc 'Gay rioh, and rioh gay,' she 'would infuse into the air, 'How happy could I bo with either, were t'other dear charmer away,' an amount of real feeling that would 'call down the house.' , 