The papers with reference to tlie case o£ James Connolly, convicted of murder at the Supremo Court, Launceston, on tlie 5th April, have been published for general information. Judge Dobson's report on the case bears data 11th April, and contains a recapitulation of tlie whole of i the evidence. The material point upon j which the charge of wilful murder was j based rested in the act which deprived Constable Thompson of life. The scene is thus described by His Honor from the evidence which came before him : — 'Thompson and Albert Lockett went into the yard, and then to the kitchen, where they saw the prisoner standing against a table near the door. Thompson said, ' Hulloo, Connolly, what noise is it you are making liere V The prisoner sui.I, ' No noise at ail, only 1 am oft' in the morning, aud I will knock Annie Larkin's teeth down her throat, or any body's who takes her part.' Thompson Baid, ' I will take her part.' Prisoner said, ' I will knock yours out,' and he hit Thompson on the chest with his clenched list; Thompson thereupon hit the pri soner on the side of the face with a heavy walking-stick which he carried, cutting the prisoner over the eyebrow and drawing blood. The prisoner rushed and 'collared5 an axe which was beside him, and hit Thompson on the side. The axe was the common American axe. Thompson fell flat on his face, and the prisoner went up and hit him on the head with the axe when he was on the ground. Thompson never moved after. Prisoner then dragged him outside the door and left him by the wood heap, saying, 'There, you ? wretch, you come into my kitchen !' There was a good fire burning in the kitchen, and also a candle, and the prisoner knew Thompson well, the police station being only a quarter of a mile from Barton, and Thompson having been stationed there for four years.' ThuB it is clear that the fact was brought out in the Supreme Court, as at the inquest, that Connolly struck the first blow, although it was erroneously supposed by some persons, amongst ?whom was Dr. Crowther, who moved for the production of the papers, that Thompson first struck the prisoner, or at least that it so appeared in the evidence before Judge Dobson. The ex tenuating circumstances connected with the murder are thus commented on by the judge: — 'The policeman, in my opinion, took an improper course. In stead of soothing an excited man, who was declaring that he would knock out anyone's teeth who took the girl's part, the policeman took up the challenge, and said that he would take the girl's part. Thereupon the prisoner struck him with Ms fist, not in the face, but on the chest. The policeman should thereupon have arrested him for assault, but instead of that he struck the prisoner across the face with a heavy walking-stick aud cut his face. The prisoner then seized an axe which was at hand, and struck him with the head of it, breaking his thigh. Had this been the fatal blow I think that the case would have clearly been one of manslaughter only. It was a contest which was of the constable's own seeking ; to a great extent, and in the heat of passion, when struck by a heavy weapon, : the prisoner seized an axe which was at hand, aud retaliated, not by cutting the constable on the head ?with the edge of the axe, but by a blow with its head 011 the thigh. The worst feature of the case against the prisoner is, that when Thomp son fell he again struck him two blows 011 the head and one on the arm, and death was caused by those two blows on the head. The prisoner did not use the edge of the axe, and his blows must have been light ones not to have fractured the skull with such a weapon. They were struck within a few seconds after the first blow. The policeman never placed himself in the position of a peace-officer arresting an oilender, but he picked a quarrel with the prisoner on the question who should take the girl's part, aud came to blows on that question. I told the jury that the pro vocation caused by the blows struck by the policeman 'would not extenuate the guilt of the prisoner and reduce the '.rime to manslaughter, unless the provo cation had deprived him of the power of self-control, aud continued to do so when he struck the blows on the head.' It would have been much better had the Executive promptly carried out the sentence of the judge in Connolly's case, forthe monster linsled a corccrof depravity almost unparalleled in the annals of crime since lie arrived here in 1849, under sentence of seven years' transportation for stealing a watch, his age at that time being 22 years. Hardly had he become free before he received a sentence in Laun ceston of 18 months' imprisonment for assault and robbery. In 1SG9 he was sentenced to 14 years' imprisonment for an attempt to commit an unnatural crime, during which term of sentence he committed various offences, and was sen tenced to 10 days' solitary confinement for using tlirealeniiig language, three mouths' hard labor for larceuy, and again, ou two separate occasions, six months each with hard labor for larceny. It is : surprising that the leniency of the Execu- j tive should have been extended to a ! I culprit whose worthless life seems void of * 1 the common instincts of the human race, i But he was in the hands of a lenient j judge, who looked only at tlie case which was brought before him, and there were certainly, as he has pointed out, some extenuating circumstances connected with the case. It appears from a published extract of the proceedings of tlie Executive Council that the Chief Secretary and Dr. Smart took a different view from that held by their colleagues, but agreed with the Governor in his decision to extend the Royal prerogative of mercy to the prisoner. It would be improper now to challenge the wisdom of His Excellency's decision and we shall therefore refrain from further comment. The Immigration Bill has passed its second reading in the House of Assembly. This is the Bill whose principle we dis cussed in our issue of the 1st instant. It proposes to give away the Crown estate to all who may arrive in the colony from Europe, having paid their passage out, the title to the land depending upon a live years' residence upon it by the grantee or some of his family — we all know what that means, how easily bona fide occupa tion has been, and will continue to be, evaded by such morbid legislation. The House was in a most amiable mood when it went into committee on this Bill. Mr Lette (the cliainnan) had already expressed his sentiments before the second reading. He would like to see section 4 made more liberal, so that any immigrant (bounty and ali) could get a slice of Tasmanian soil, and the natives also. ' The Chinese also,' said Mr Eouke ironically. What a scramble there would be in the land and immigration offices ! Mr Just's map would have to be called in for the purpose of coloring the whole of the districts of Dorset, Devon, and Wellington with a red tint ; aud indeed it will be a red ietter day in the annals of immigration when this colony is put to such shifts to force a population by not only paying the passage, but giving away land to every cook, laundress, nursemaid, farm laborer and' the like (down to the sucklings of their families) who come to Tasmania. This is, of course, taking an extreme view of the case, which in all probability will not be assented to, but the feeling of the House was brimful of liberality on Tuesday night. Messrs. Lyne and Brad don contended that the free gift of land should not be hampered by personal resi dence, aud the Premier withdrew the clause in order to bring down a new section not insisting on residence, and substituting a certain amount of improve ments instead. Section, 4, providing for the issue of land orders to persons ar riving asjhired servants, was passed,. aud so the question was settled as far as the Assembly can settle it. Mr Dooley pro posed a very sensible course — to defer the consideration of the Bill until the new Land Act was brought forward, but he ?\v;is not supported by the House in post poning the debate. The most reasonable view takeu by members was that of Mr Bird, who said that .it was a very serious matter whether we should continue the present system of granting land to immi grants, and he thought if the intended liberality in the Land Act was sufficiently liberal for the natives it should be so for strangers. The best of our land was being alienated, and if the free grant system was continued all our good laud would soon be gone. Mr Bird is right : it soon will be all gone, and to whom is it to be given ? Are tlie settlers in the outlying districts going to submit quietly, without sending down remonstrances before the Legislative Council deals with this Bill'? It is with the utmost satisfaction that we have to record that the council of the Royal Colonial Institute, feeling the necessity of encouraging the rising gene ration to acquire a better and more extended knowledge of Her Majesty's gr- at colonial empire, have decided to . offer, from time to tunc, prizes for essays or papers on Colouial subjects, so that the preparation of the papers may cause the competitors to become acquainted with the circumstances and resources of the countries in which many of them may have to seek their future homes. The , subject selected for the first competition is ' The Australian colonies ; 'their his tory and present position, geographical, political, and commercial.' Prizes of I £20, £15, £10, and £5 respectively, are offered for the four best essays or papers on the above subjects: The prize of £20 is open to persons being members of any University in the United Kingdom, and ?who shall not, at the time fixed for send inj'in the essay*, have been members for more than three years. The prizes of I £15, £10, and £5, are open to pupils of any school in the United Kingdom. The competition is open to both sexes. Certi ficates will be awarded to the prize win ners and to such other competitors as may appear deserving. The prizes will be awarded by the council, after considera tion of the report of the examiners, to be appointed by the council. Footbam.. — -The following have been selected to represent the North in the North n. South match: — Boyd, Bennett, G., Climie, Cato, Connaclier, Coogan, Douglas, Dcane, Home, Lucas, Lillicraib, Mansfield, Murnane, Millard, M'Nair, Hide, J., llide, E., Sutton; Emer gencies — Lawrence, R., Matthews. If any of those are unable to take part in the match, they are requested to communicate with Mr Binney at once. Police Court. — Mr Murray presided at the Police Court yesterday, wheu a woman was fined 5s for having been drunk aud incapable on Tuesday night. Thomas Cousens, charged with having received a watch, knowing the same to have been stolen from Hugh Doglierty, was, on the application of Mr Super intendent Coulter, remanded till Friday, bail being allowed in his own recog nizance of £20, aud two sureties of £10 each. What's in a Name? — At the Court of Requests yesterda3r, when the long list of undefended cases was being read over, His Honor Mr Commissioner Whitefoord causcd a ripple of laughter to run round the table of the court at which were seated the larger portion of our legal brethren in Launceston, in easy attitude, waiting for business. Amongst the cases which the Sheriff notified to the Commis sioner for judgment to be entered up, he called out Sidebottom v. Rowbottom. ' Sidebottom v. Rowbottom,' said the Commissioner, '1 presume then we are coming to the ' bottom' of the list.' St. Leonauds Workmen's Cjati;. — Au entertainment in aid of the funds of the above institution will be given by several well-known town aud local amateurs in tlie Mechanics' Institute, St. Leonards, to-moiTow evening. For the convenience of townspeople Atkinson's 'bus will leave the Lauuceston Hotel at 7 p.m. sliarp, and as only a limited number of return tickcts will be issued, no delay should take place in obtaining them from Messrs. Fraser and Johnstone. Si'Ei'iA l Revival Meeting. — Tlie united meeting for promoting a revival of religion w:is held last evening, in the W'csleyan Church, Patterson-street. The spacious building was well filled, and the addresses were of an interesting character. Rev. J. Miranis spoke on 'Decision for Clirist,' aud Mi'Hiddlestone on ' Present Salvation.' Tlie singing was very spirited, and the organ was well manipulated by the organist, Miss Hart. Pi-ayers were offered during tlie servicc by Revs. Price, Annear, White, Anthony, and Mr Smith, of Evandale. Grind Concert, Mechanics' Insti tute. — The concert in aid of the Wesleyan 1 Baud of Hope piano fund is fixed for this : evening, at the Mechanics' Institute. The j songs include ' The Village Blacksmith,' ' The Harp in the Air,;: 'The Bugler,' 'Barney O'Hea,' ''True till Death,': 'Orynthia, my beloved,' 'The Warrior I Bold,' 'The Death of Nelson.' The j instrumental portion of the concert I include two trios (violins and pianoforte) \ l:.y the Misses Beadle, a pianoforte duet 1 by tlie Misses Sorenson, and a pianoforte j solo by Miss Hudson. Town Improvements. — Li our notice i of town improvements published a few I days ago we ommitted to mention the great change that has taken place at the well-known establishment of Messrs. Hatton and Laws, at the corner of Charles and Brisbane-streets. Tlie improvements referred to consist of the addition of a substantially built and roomy store, 57ft long by 20ft broad, aud is built on to the front shop in Brisbane-street. This store was found to be necessary as the large and constantly increasing stock of the well known firm of chemists could not be stored on the old premises with safety. The work has been carried out by Mr Alex. Hills in a thoroughly satisfactory manner. It is also contemplated, to liave the shop at the corner replaced by a larger and more handsome building, which will serve the double purpose of being more convenient to tli» firm and an ornamentto Brisbane-street and the town. Evandale Road District.— A notice appeal's in our advertising columns intimating that proceedings will be taken for the recovery of all rates remaining unpaid after the 30th iust. Silt Frederick Weld. — The Straits Times of the 11th July states that when Sir Frederick Weld was oil a trip, in the steam launch Pilot Fish, fat Malacca from Singapore, a violent 'Sumatra' struck the launch and nearly sunk her. There was 2ft of water in the hold, and 1ft deep in the cabin. The Straits Times remarks : — 'Apart from anj' personal view of the matter, it is not too much to say that, if such a calamity had happens j, it would have been a great misfortune to the colony, simply because Sir Frederick Weld lias, ever since his arrival amongst us, shown, by his sayings and doings, that he has maide the interests of the colony his own, and is proud of his position as Governor of these Settlements. Imbued with large aud liberal-minded views, he has ever been observant to the wishes of the community, while on occa sion he shows a will of liis own, and he has always been single-minded in his en deavors to promote the welfare and pros perity of the Settlements, aud also of the Native States of the Peninsula.' Pollaed's Lilliputians. — From a private letter and the Straits Times we Warn that the above talented troupe opened iu Singapore on the 1st of August to a crowded house. Much credit is given to Mr Thomas Sullivan for the way he has trained the juveniles. After their season in Singapore, they intend visiting Ragoon and other towns iu India, and will open in the Theatre Royal in Calcutta about the middle of next month. After the season in Calcutta, they will visit Bombay and Madras. A Terribly Sudden Death. — The hurling match between Lauriston and Hothain was brought to a very sad con clusion on Saturday afternoon at Lauris ton, Victoria, by the sudden death in the field of one of the Hotham tea m. Within 10 minutes of the starting of the game, Mr Edward Dixon, of the North British Hotel, Hotham, fell dead in the field. At the inquest held at Lauriston yesterday afternoon, Dr. Faulldner made a post mortem examination, and in accordauce with the medical testimony, a finding was recorded that the deceased died from san guineous apoplexy. The Ghost in the Hoba&t; Gaol. — A few days ago we (Mtrcury ) gave an account of the proceedings of a prisoner in the Hobart gaol, who was in the habit of leaving his cell at midnight and visiting the female quarters. An inquiry into the circumstances was held at the gaol on Monday by Messrs. Wm. Belbin and F. W. Mitchell, the visiting justices. The culprit, a nian named Joseph Cooper, better known to many in the city by the sobriquet of ' Holy Joe,' pleaded guilty to the charge, and an additional term of three months' imprisonment was added to his present sentence. A full investigation had j-reviously been made by Sir R. A. Atkins, the governor of the gaol, which revealed a degree of ingenuity on the part of the prisoner which was scarcely credible. The passage by which he reached the female department was a ventilator which ran beneath the floor of the cells, and was little more than 12in square. A hole had been cut in the floor of . the cell, and another in the pantry to which the culprit resorted ; and the lower panel of the pantry door had been neatly cut away. The finished manner in which the work had been carried out defied detection, and no one in inspecting the place could avoid a feeling of admira tion at the cleverness of the whole affair. In one place the boards had been closely pierced v ith gimlet holes before using the saw, and in all cases every trace of anything being wrong was carefully con cealed with soap. Beneath the floor of the cell in the H division, occupied by the prisoner, was found secreted a quan tity of groceries of all descriptions, and for the remainder of his sojourn in Camp bell-street he will miss many of the little luxuries to winch lie had grown accus tomed. Welcome to the Bishop of Tas mania. — A special service was held at Christ Church, South Yarra, on Monday evening, for the purpose of welcoming the Rev. Dr. Sandford, who, having been appointed tu succeed the Rev. Dr. Bromby, late Bishop of Tasmania, arrived in the colony by the steamer Orient on Tuesday last. At the date of his appoint ment to the vacant bishopric, Dr. Sand ford was officiating at St. John's, Edin burgh. The service last evening was a very impressive one, the Bishop of Mel bourne (Dr. Moorhouse), and a large number of the clergy of the diocese taking part in it. There was a very large con gregation, the church being crowded. The opening part of the service was intoned by the Rev. H. F. Tucker, incumbent of Christ Church, and the second part by the Rev. T. Beatty-Pownall, M.A. The Bishop of Melbourne recited some special prayers, aud the concluding part of the service was intoned by the Rev. H. E. Taylor. Tlie first lesson was read by the Ven. Archdeacon Stretch, and the second by the Rev. Canon Goodman, of Geeloug. The Rev. W. K. Brodribb, B.A., acted as Bishop's chaplain, and the Revs. Canon Vance and Chase were also present. There was a very strong choir, consisting of some 40 choristers, aud the processional and recessional hymns were most effectively rendered, Mr J. N. Stevens, presiding at the organ. Tlie Rev. Dr. Sandford preached the sermon, taking his text from the 17th chapter of Deu teronomy, verses 13-15. He prefaced his remarks by expressing his thankfulness to God for having protected him and his family from all peril by laud and sea, and brought them in health and safety to Aus tralian shores. In his concluding re marks he said — The church to which he belonged would be a blessing to the whole community among which they lived, so long as it was directed by the Redeemer's spirit, and followed His example. The Rev. Dr. Sandford was to leave Mel bourne by the s.s. Manapouri for Hobart yesterday. The coumiitteo of the L.V.A. Quadrille Assembly will hold a dance thib evening at the Cornwall Assembly Rooms. Messrs. Powell and Forward intimate that tlie.v have a good supply of prime meat always on iiand, and that families are waited up-iu for orders. 