The Elstiernwick 500 sovs. Trot- Mile Heats. Nominations close to-day, at 4 p.m., for the riohest purse ever offered in Australia to owners of trotting horses, nor is the large amount of JB500 often excelled in America even, as 2500 dollars is considered a most liner&i; ana tempting prue at vnc uignest class tracks of The States. The Victorian Trotting Club, therefore, merit the fullest of support from all owners of the particular stamp of animal it is so desirable to import and breed in these colonies, there having for years been a complaint and a bye- word that speedy roadsters, whether in harness or saddle, were unobtainable here except by chance. It was with this praiseworthy object that the V.T.C. was initiated by certain Melbourne citieens, who rank more amongst the hard- headed commercial circle than as mere specu lative enthusiasts in racing ; and the spirited way in whioh , they raised the necessary capital, and laid out a special course and appurtenances regardless of oost, merits both private and publio encouragement. Hitherto their endeavoers hare been an uphill game ; but tbe coming grand affair on the 17th March abould be "a turning point" at Elsternwick, and establish this particular date as an annual right for one of the premier sporting meeting in Victoria— i.e., provided that each a special programme as the present be a regular rule. The well-arranged en closure is remarkably well situated for a rendezvous on so popular an occasion as 8t Patrick's Day; and as the pre-existing clubs have eecured all tbe other holidays of note— such as Boxing Day, New Year's Day, Separation Day, Raster Monday, Ac. — it is but common justioe that tbe latest horsey association should be permitted to enjoy in peace the only red-letter afternoon unclaimed in the metropolitan district. Having thus, made a clean breast of the Sportsman's opinions, let us "return to our muttons," and go into the business of the entry now due. Araording to the official advertisements which have hitherto appeared, the day and date for nftmjnatiAn have accidentally been made a muddle of, aa it was announced for Tuesday, 2 Lst February, instead of the following day ; but the rules in each matters being to stick to the date, and this falling on the present Wednesday, settles the affair positively. In tending starter are therefore advised to care fully peruse the conditions, whioh require five per cent, on entrances and there mnst be five entriee, three to tbe post. An additional sweepstake of 10 sovs. will be required for atarten, and the division of the mousy Brill be 600 sovs. clear to the winner, tbe second to receive two-thirdb of entrance fees an4 sweep, and the third one-third. With this simple explanation there is only now to add an earnest wish that at least a dozen steppers will be found on tbe list when the V.T.O.'s secretary makes his declaration this evening. The race is open to all, and all horses who have a ghost of a show for a place should be afforded a chance in common gratitude and courtesy to the promoters. 