FICTION". (From English. American, and other periodicals) AS EARLY MARRIAGE CHAPTER IV. " I WILL NOT 1" Robert drove home as fast as he could make old Prince go, his mind all confused, while doubts and fears oppressed him. His father was just going in to tea when he armed, and Robert followed him into the dining-room. Mr. Ellerton received Mrs. Dupont a message with evident displeasure. "What does Mrs. Dupont wish to-night," he asked, " that is so important ? Can't she wait until some other time?" "No, sir; she told me to come back immediately. "Do you know what she wants?" inquired his father., " Yes, sir," replied Robert, blushing deeply ; " but I cannot tell you ; she will do that," Mr. Ellerton eyed him sharply, as if he mistrusted he had been up to some mischief. He then took his seat at the table, and ate his supper in silence. . ¡ As for Robert, he was so anxious and uneasy that he could scarcely swallow ; but the meal was soon over, and they started for Mrs. Dupont's. It was only a short distance and they were soon there. Mrs. Dupont met them in the hall, with a grave and troubled face, and ushered them into the cozy sitting-room, where Dora lay upon a lounge, with red and swollen eyes. At sight of Robert, her tears started afresh, and she sobbed M if her heart were broken. He went to her, and took beria his arms, whisper- j ing words of comfort in her ears, and soon had her smiling again. She could not be unhappy long when he was with her. Taking Mr. Ellerton hat, Mrs. Dupont asked him to be seated, and then drawing slow rocker opposite him, she began her story. Mr. Ellerton listened with cold politeness until she mentioned Squire Moulton's name, when he glanced angrily at his son Robert understood the look, and his own eyes fell. When she had finished, he replied, half laughing at what be considered children's play : " Well, my dear madam, you are making yourself unhappy about a very slight matter, No ceremony like that could possibly be legal. In the first place they are minors ; then there were no witnesses, end they had no certificate." " Oh, but I forgot to tell you about that," she replied, hastily, " There it is," and she handed him the paper. His brow clouded instantly as he read it The affair was beginning to assume a more serious look than he liked. He saw it was made out in due form, and signed by Anson Moulton, clerk." ' He saw through the whole plot immediately saw that the man whom he know to be his deadly enemy . had intended to do him this great wrong that he meant to strike a blow where it would tell. He turned sternly to Robert, and said " Well, sir, what have you to say for yourself P tion have disobeyed me by going where I have strictly forbidden you, to say nothing of the fix you have got yourself into "I intended no harm, father," replied Robert, respectfully. " I heard of the squire's statuary, and you know how fond I am of such things, so I told Dora we would ride out and see it," " What put this ridiculous idea into your heads off he asked, shaking the certificate impatiently at him "I don't know ; I always thought Dora was to be my wife, so I thought we might as well be married to-day as any time." " Such talk was all very well for a couple of children ; but you could not think I would really allow such a thing, either now or in the future. I had other plans for you," said Mr. Ellerton, an angry flush spreading itself over his face. " But I did, sir," replied Robert, firmly, though with a mortified air, for the implied inferiority cast upon the Dupont's by his father's words stung him. " It has been talked of for years," he went on " and I, for one, have believed it. I love Dora, and always shall love her and if we had waited ten years, and she was willing, I would have done the same thing. " BoBh 1" exclaimed his father, impatiently. " You can sit down again, and hold your peace. Madam,'' he continued, turning icily to Mrs. Dupont again, " I think we can fix this little affair. Even if the ceremony proves to be legal, we can easily have them divorced. I suppose its your wish as well as mine ?'' "Certainly," replied Un, Dupont, in a constrained tone, for she was deeply hurt at Mr. Elderton's words and manner. " But do you think the marriage is legal t" " I don't see how it can be, for they are under age but I assure you there will be no trouble about the matter." "Can we not see a lawyer to-night, and get his advice about the matter P I should feel much relieved to have it settled at once." " I don't think It is necessary ; still if you desire it, I will drive to Lawyer Leonard's office, and talk it over with him." "Do, if you please, for I shall not rest easy until I know beyond a doubt," replied Mrs. Dupont, nervously. Without a word Mr. Ellerton took his hat and left the house. He drove directly to the office of his friend, Squire Leonard, where he remained nearly an hour, and when he came out the lawyer was with him, and he looked moody and anxious. They both entered the buggy and drove back to Mrs. Dupont's. Mr. Ellerton introduced the lawyer, and then sat down, stern and silent. Mr. Leonard questioned and cross-questioned the children, making them relate over again every particular of their trip. He could find no flaw anywhere. The irrevocable words were pronounced, and the ceremony was legal in every particular except that the children were under age. The certificate was made out without an error, and it seemed as if every precaution J had been taken against proving the marriage null and void, I When Mr Leonard had finished his examination of the children he turned to Mr. Ellerton and Mrs. Dupont, Baking : I find there is but one course left us. That vii lian Eastbound them for life, unless they will agree to a separation. If they will say. they are sorry it ever happened we can procure a divorce, and it is the only way now that they can be separated." " Of course there will be no difficulty, then," returned Mr. Ellerton, looking much relieved. "Robert," he continued turning to his son "you will tell Mr. Leonard that you are sorry for this affair immediately," "But father, I am not sorry, and I can't say that I am, unless I tell an untruth." Heavens, boy, don't be stubborn 1" Don't you see what a fix you are in Don't you see that you are tied to that girl for life ?" "I can't see that it is a very bad fix to be in, replied Robert, smiling fondly at Dora, who lay with her head upon his shoulder, and looking up at him with her big eyes. "I told you I loved Dora," he went on, "and that if we waited ten years, I should marry her. No, sir, I am glad instead of sorry. "Your son has learned one virtue at least, Mr, Ellerton-that of frankness," laughed the lawyer. much amused. Mr. Ellerton, exasperated beyond control at being thus defied, left his seat, and going to his son, laid a heavy hand upon his shoulder, saying, in a fierce voice : " Robert Ellerton, I command you to say, in the presence of these witnesses, that you regret this marriage," " Father, I cannot," pleaded the boy, beseechingly " You mean you will not, wilful boy. But disobey me at your peril 1" The lines about the boy's mouth grew hard and firm. He looked his father calmly in the eye as he replied : " I will not then," if that pleases you better. Mr. Ellerton threatened and entreated, coaxed and pleaded, but all to no purpose, for his son was firm as a rock, and at length, in despair, he turned to his friend, and asked what he should do. Squire Leonard looked amused yet perplexed, for It was the most novel affair he had ever had any thing to do with " Try the other one," he said, pointing to Dora. " Dora," said Mr. Ellerton, trying to frighten her into obedience by a black look, " are you not sorry, that you and Robert are married P Just think what a wrong thing for two little children to do." Dora looked wistfully up at Robert. " Robbie," she asked, sadly, shall I tell him that I am sorry P" " Tell them just as you feel, Brightie," he replied yet there was an anxious expression in his eye as he waited for her answer. " Well, then, I ain't sorry one mile," she said, flushing angrily, " and I think you are a real wicked man to try and part us, for Squire Moulton said what God hath joined together let no man put to thunder.' Was not that it, Robbie ?" she asked, hill doubtfully thinking it did not sound just right. The lawyer shouted, while even her mother and Mr. Ellerton could not repress a smile at this new version of the Scriptural command. " No, ' put asunder,' darling," replied the boy lover, a glad look in his eye, while be gathered her closer in his arms " Come here, Dora," said Mrs. Dupont, who had noticed the act, and feared it might influence her replies. She obeyed, though somewhat unwillingly. Squire Leonard, controlling his risible, turned to the child and said: "My dear little girl, don't you see how unhappy you are making your mother P Only see how pale and sad she looks at what you have done. If you will only say you are sorry she will be happy again." Dora looked up in her mother's face with a troubled expression. " Mamma, she asked, "are you unhappy P" "Yes, dear, very," replied Mr. Dupont. " Mamma, do you want me to tell a late?" " I have always told you to speak the truth, my child," replied her mother somewhat evasively. " No, but do you want me to tell one now?" Mrs. Dupont caught the child to her bosom as she whispered : " No, dear." She then turned with a look of anguish to her visitors, and said " It's of no use, gentlemen; I cannot ask my child to tell a falsehood even for this. I have always taught her to shun an untruth, and I cannot be the first to bid her speak one." Dora threw herself into her mother's arms again, and bursting into tears, said, between her sobs: " Mamma, if-Robbie was sorry, I should be-be- cause-because if he didn't want me for his wife I shouldn't want to be." Something very like a curse burst from Mr. Ellery ton's Ups, while the lawyer, with tears in his eyes, turned to him and said " I think, my dear sir, you had better let this matter rest, at least for the present. It is clear that the children love each other, It's an odd predicament, I know, and I must say I never before knew or heard of an attachment so strong in persons so young. It may prove for their mutual happiness hereafter, and therefore I advise you to let the subject drop." " No.'" thundered Mr. Ellerton. If the law won't separate them, I shall. They are a couple of stub- born fools, and if they won't give in, I will send Robert off where he shall never see the girl again. Once for all, what do you say Robert ?" " Oh, Robbie 1" sobbed Dora, " Hush, darling," whispered her mother, while she anxiously awaited Robert's reply. A look of anger flashed from the boy's fine eyes, while the lines about his mouth grew harder and sterner, though his tone was perfectly respectful as ! he replied: " I say, sir, that I am glad it was done before you had a chance to stop it. she is mine now and for- ever, end nobody can take her from me," White with suppressed wrath, Mr. Ellerton walked to the table, took up his hat, and giving Robert his cap, pointed silently to the doors Robert took the cap and went boldly to Dora's side. "Good-night, darling," he whispered. "Watch for me, for I shall come again soon." He bent down and kissed her flushed cheek, and bowing to the others, followed his father from the room. CHAPTER V. THE PARTING. Mr. Ellerton and his son entered their carriage in silence; the one in stern and gloomy displeasure, the other with a look of firm resolve still upon his face, though his heart throbbed and glowed with exulta- tion, that Dora had remained steadfast as he himself. Mr. Ellerton drove furiously homeward, giving free vent to his feelings by merely applying the lash to poor startled old Prince's back, which had never been beaten so before. At the door he gave the horse to a servant and telling Robert to go directly to the library, he took off his light summer overcoat and had, hung them upon the rack in the hall, and then followed him. He locked the door after him, and going to the table, lit an astral lamp and seated himself in silence motioning Robert to do the same. After a few moments spent in deep thought, he turned his eyes upon his son and said, in a hard, cold voice : " Well, sir, how much longer do you intend to carry on this farce ?" " What farce ?" asked Robert innocently. " What farce, you fool P why this ridiculous obstinacy about this more ridiculous marriage." " It is no farce father," firmly replied his son. " Have done with such talk, or by Heaven, I'll flog you, I tell you this thing is going to be made null and void, and if you won't obey me willingly, I will force you to obedience. Not one penny of my money shall you have to begin with I will give it to some one who is willing to give heed to my wishes. And I think I know of one who would be very glad to get it." ' This latter sentence was muttered partly aloud and partly to himself, while a bitter sneer curled his lips. " I will shut you up," he continued, and you shall live upon bread and water until you consent, or if that does not bring you to your senses, I will send you to the remotest ends of the earth, where, with barely enough to exist upon, you will soon be glad to come to terms, The idea of your really thinking that you love this low, ill-bred girl, or even the thought of marrying her in the future, is perfectly absurd. Why, boy, she is almost a beggar, while you will be worth your hundreds of thousands. Mp son mating with such as she ! I tell you I won't have it Better had you died when you were so ill than that Dr. Dupont should have saved your life to waste it on his girl. Choose, sir, and choose thought- fully and carefully, for I swear I'll move heaven and earth before this thing shall go on. You know what the girl said if you would repent she would also." " I will ask you the same question, father, that Dora BBkedaher mother, ' Do you wish me to utter a falsehood ?' You have been as strict with me about the truth as any one P" " This talk is all cant, Robert," replied his father, angrily. "You know as well as I that you will regret it in the future. It's only your thundering will. Just think how ashamed you will be to introduce her into your own circle by and by as commonly brought up as she has been, and such a frightful little squab, with red hair, too." Robert's eyes blazed now with a dangerous sparkle. " I am not at all afraid, sir, that I shall ever have cause to be ashamed of my wife. Her mother is more of a lady now than you are a gentleman, with the insinuation you cast at her to-night. Mr. Ellerton winced, He had repeated what he had said as soon as the words were uttered ; but it enraged him beyond measure to be reproved by his son, and he shouted : "Silence, you young rascal 1 If you ever call that girl wife again in my presence, I swear I'll thrash. you. I ask you again, will you give up this girl." " No, sir" "You will not?" "I will not!" They sat gazing into each other's eyes for several minutes ; those two, so firm and unyielding, until Mr Ellerton, unable longer to bear his son's steadfast look, turned angrily away, and in a voice hoarse with wrath said " Go to your room, you ungrateful boy, and remain there until I decide your fate." Robert picked up his cap, which had fallen to the floor, and moved to the door. He opened it, and turning back, said, respectfully " Good-night, father." There was no reply, and he passed out, up the broad and handsome stairway, into his own room, where he sat in deep and earnest thought for several hours. At length, feeling tired and worn he retired and slept soundly until morning I? Poor Mr. Ellerton, downstairs, paced the room all night long, He was angry, but he was more, he was crushed. It was, indeed, as Squire Moulton meant it should be, a heavy blow, not only to his pride, but to all his hopes and plans for his boy in the future. He intended to educate his son in the most thorough manner giving him every advantage and privilege that money could procure, and he had hoped to see him- contract a brilliant marriage in the future. Those plans were now crushed in a single day-were blighted, never to revive again, and-" by a nobody," he said, bitterly to himself and he cursed his foe with the deadliest cureeB. He felt that he had never wronged the man otherwise than by marrying the girl he has loved, Bat he knew that besides this, there was another reason, which though he himself was not to blame for it, the squire might seBflt to revenge upon him. It was a secret between them, and they had never breathed it to mortal ears. He determined to keep Robert a close prisoner for awhile, until he had had the best advice in the State about the matter, and if that did not bend his will, he would send him abroad to be educated, and perhaps with time and absence, he would get over his infatuation. When morning broke Robert arose and dressed himself, but on attempting to leave the room be found the door was locked on the outside. The hot and angry blood mounted to his brow, and he stood several minutes with his hands grasping the silver knob, as if he would wrench it open despite the strong lock that held it fast, Finally, thinking better of it, he turned away, and taking up a book, commenced reading. An hour elapsed, when the key turned, and a man entered, bearing a silver tray upon which was arranged a steaming and tempting breakfast. He set it down and, without a word, left the room, Robert disdaining to question a servant. He remained thus alone for nearly a week, his meals being brought regularly to him, only each day they grew less and less palatable, until at last he received only a glass of water to wash down his cold dry bread. The confinement began to be tedious his fathers any member of the family had not been near him, and he began to feel uneasy about Dora, for he had promised to come and see her, and he knew she was watching for him. While thinking thus the lock clicked and his father entered, still wearing the same stem and forbidding countenance as when he last saw him, " Well, Robert," he said, coldly, " are you ready to yield to my wishes P" " If your wishes remain the same as when I last saw you, I am not." " Will nothing move you, my son ?" pleaded his father, a look almost of despair on his fine face. His voice softened, and tears stood in his eyes. " Father, did you love my mother ?" asked Roberts softening for a moment. As my life, my boy" and his lip quivered. «' Even so I love Dora, and I cannot give her up." " That is all gammon, Robert," replied his father again becoming excited. "If you were older, I might think there was something in it but you two ; such a couple of babies-bah I say you shall give her up." Robert turned moodily to the window. of Will you, boy ?" No, sir." Very well," icily responded Mr. Ellerton. " Prepare yourself to start for Germany to-morrow morning. Major Atherton will take charge of you, and place you in an institution, where, I hope, rigid discipline and a thorough education will bring you to your senses." Saying which he hastily left the room, again locking the door after him Robert caught his breath quickly. Could he (go so far away from Dora ? He asked himself the question over and over again. His brain seemed on fire at the thought, and for a long time he rebelled at the idea. Finally, when he could think reasonably about it, he reasoned that he must have an education, that he wanted one, and that Dora must be educated too I and be desired that she might become a polished and elegant young lady, so that when he graduated and came to claim her, his father could not help being reconciled to their marriage, and willing to acknowledge her as his daughter. Yes, indeed, he thought, on the whole it was better so. Better even to be separated ; then each would study the hardest to please the other, and he resolved to calmly obey the decree, go his long journey peaceably, and make the most of every advantage, But he must see Dora first and how to manage it P Here the anxious look came back to his eyes. He was a prisoner, securely locked within his room, but he must get out some way, he must and would see his Brightie once more before he commenced the long and weary discipline in store for him. A light and fancy trellis was underneath his window, so near that he could easily step out upon it. But would it bear his weight P He went to the window and looked out, and his face lighted up with a triumphant smile, for he saw" it was perfectly safe, and the way was now opened for him to go and bid his little wife a last " good-by " He spent the rest of the day in gathering up his treasures, and preparing for his journey. It seemed a long time after the servant brought him his tea (and a dainty supper it was too, this last one which he was to eat beneath his father's roof for years), until dark, But at length night drew her sable robe around the earth, and all was hushed and quiet. Robert satisfied himself that no one was around the house, and then lightly descended the trellis, and made his way swiftly toward the little white cottage, which contained the treasure of his heart. , As he approached, he saw a little white face press used close against the window-pane, and he knew that Dora was watching for him and his heart ached for her, for he felt that thus she had been watching every day since he left her, nearly a week ago. He sprang lightly up the step, just as the door opened, and his child-bride threw herself sobbing into his arms, "There, Dora, darling, do not cry. I could not come before," he said, while MR own lip quivered. " Oh Robbie, I thought you never would come again, and I have watched every day till it got so dark that my eyes ached." She hugged him tight, and sobbed afresh from joy at seeing him. " Is your mother at home, Brightie P" he asked, when she grew quiet again, " No ; she went out to see a sick lady, and ob, Robbie, I was so lonely, I thought my heart would break " Well, then, let us go into the house, for I have something to tell you," He put his arm around her and drew her in. He sat down and took her in his lap, clasping her close in his arms, while a great lump rose up in his throat and almost choked him as he thought it was the last time. Robbie, she asked, softly patting his face with her little smooth hand, " you aren't sorry yet, are you?" "No, darling, nor ever shall be. Why ?" " Why, I thought you must be, or you would have come before." " I could not, Dora. I have been locked in my room ever since that night, and I climbed down the trellis to come to you to-night, I ran away 1" He flushed with shame that he was obliged to say it. " You have you did P" said Dora, with flashing eyes. " I don't care, I think your father is a wicked naughty man, and I hope God will punish him." Hugh, darling, for I have something worse than that to tell you " And he told her all that had passed between him and his father, only keeping back what he had said of her, and that he was to start for a far-off country on the morrow. Again the flood-gates were opened, and torrents poured from the river heart. She clung to him with a death-like grip, crying out, in her agony, that she would not let him go that they would make him love some one else, and she should never see him again, and she should be, oh so lonely that she should surely die !" The poor boy hardly knew how to comfort her, and really did not know but she would die, while his own heart ached almost to bursting at this sad parting. " No, Dora, dear," at length he gravely replied : " you will not die. You will have your mother to love you, and I shall never forget you while I live Now, listen to me, and promise to do as I ask you I want you to mind your mother in everything, for she knows best what is right; I want you to study hard, and learn all you can; and do not be naughty any more about practising your music for I am going to get the best education I can, and I shall come back for you some day and I want to feel proud of my little wife. Yes, Dora, I want you to be as nice a young lady then as Miss Annie Burton is now. Will you promise to try ?" Dora caught her breath at this request. " Ob, Robbie, I'm afraid I can't ; but I'll try. I promise anything you want me to, but can't bear to have you go, I shall never be happy again as long as I live." " Yes, you will, darling ; you must try to be happy, And now I want you to say that you love me, and won't ever forget me, and then I must go." " Of course I will not forget you, and you know I love you," she said, raising her tear-stained face from his shoulder. His arms closed tightly round her as he said " Look at me, Brightie right into my eyes I There now how much do you love me P" She looked at him, half-puzzled, a moment, before answering, then said "I don't believe lean tell you, Robbie; I give as well as as if you were really my brother." ' His arms clasped her more tightly yet, while a disappointed look came into his eyes, and he whispered : Brightie, think don't you love me any better than that? Would you rather always be my sister than my wife?" His heart beat quick and hard ; his eyes burned with a deep and abiding passion, while they eagerly j sought for some answering sign in the fair face upraised to his. The blue or bE that heretofore had looked so clearly and fearlessly into his own took on a look of startled surprise, then they softened with a consciousness of some deeper emotion, and began to droop until they were hidden beneath the white lids, with their long, silken fringes, while the rich crimson tide swept over cheek, neck, and brow, with the sudden unveiling of her heart. Instantly her face was buried in his bosom, and her little frame quivered in every nerve with the strange and exciting emotions. Robert's face lighted with instant happiness. The varying expression of that innocent face was all the answer be needed, and he did not press her for a reply, but held her in a close and silent embrace for a few moments. AUengtb, he said, tenderly : " Look up, Brightie for I must go, or I shall be missed. You must say good-by, now. I know that you will not forget me; and see here, darling! I have brought you something to look at when I am gone." He took from his pocket a little box and handed it to her, She opened it eagerly, and a cry of pleased surprise broke from her lips, as her eyes caught the glimpse of a beautiful gold locket and chain. "It is a locket that belonged to my mother, Brightie ; her picture is on one side, and reine is on the other. I have brought it for you, and you must never part with it, but wear it for my sake. See 1" He touched the spring, and it flew open, revealing a life-like picture of himself, and opposite, that of a young and lovely woman. " Oh! Bobbie, how like you it is I And this is your mother t I love her, she is so beautiful, No, I never will part with it, and I am so glad I have got it!" He smiled fondly as he fastened it about her neck "I have a picture of you, you know. But my little Brightie must be brave now, and say ' good-by,' for it is time I was at home. Kiss me, darling." The red blood again mounted to her brow as his lips thrilled a lingering kiss upon her. Then, for- getting everything except that he was going where she could not see him, she threw her arms around his neck, and sobs she could not restrain again racked her frame. One long, long close embrace, and he put her down and sprang from the room, out into the darkness of the night, wiping from his own cheek the fast falling tears. Dora flung herself full length upon the floor, in an utter abandonment of grief, and there her mother found her, an hour after, sound asleep, with the bright crystals still on her brown lashes, Robert retraced his steps, and reached his room undiscovered, end though he was grieved and sad to part with Dora, yet he hugged to his heart with joy the knowledge that she was really and truly his very own, and that her love for him was all he could ask The next morning he started on his long journey, his father accompanying him as far as New York from which place he was to sail. Robert wept at parting with his only parent, and felt almost desolate to thus under every, tie and go a stranger to a strange land. He had always loved and respected his father in spite of his cold, stern manner ; still he would not beg to be allowed to remain at home, for he was fully determined to im- prove every advantage of travel and study, and thus fit himself to be a useful and happy man. So when Mr. Ellerton coldly shook his hand at parting, he could not realize the agony that whitened his boy's proud face, and hardened his already stern voice ; nor could he know how that pent-up anguish burst forth as the vessel bore him from his father's lingering eyes, from which the tears rolled fast and unheeded, as he turned with aching heart to go back to his lonely home. CHAPTER VI. "I AM NO BBGQAB." Squire Moulton was walking on the white pebbly margin of the beautiful miniature lake. His head was bowed upon his narrow and sunken chest, his hands were clasped with rigid firmness at his back, while his long grizzly hair hung in neglected masses around his stooping shoulders. t His face, always ugly, looked yellower and uglier still as the dim light of a cloudy day-rendered yet more dismal by the thick branches of the overhang- ing trees-tell around him. He looked like some restless evil spirit haunting that lovely spot, and lying in wait for his unsuspect- ing prey, rather than the master and the owner of so much beauty. He was pacing to and fro in deep and evidently unpleasant meditation, judging of his lower- ing brow and the mutterings constantly issuing from his thin lips. He doubtless considered himself entirely alone. But he could not see the pair of eyes, bright and black, and evil as his own, that glared fiercely upon him from within a closely growing circle of arbor city. For an hour his restless pacing and mutterings had continued, and for an hour those fierce eyes had blazed upon him, at first with anger and hatred, then as time went on, with uneasiness. Evidently who- ever was within that verdant circle was becoming impatient with the proprietor's lengthened promenade for there was a slight rustle as if some one was trying to change his or her position, Unlucky moment ! For, losing its balance, a figure came crushing against the branches with a force that could not fail to disturb and attract the attention of the master of Moulton Hall, With a start of surprise, and a quick glance of his fiery eyes towards the place, he called out rudely ; " Who's there P and what do you want ?" There was no reply, only a farther crouching among the foliage.' With hasty steps the squire reached the arbor, parted the branches at the entrance, and gazed within. . A woman in soiled and ragged garments slowly turned her face, scornful and defiant, full upon him! For a moment she gazed thus upon him, then silently arose. She must have been beautiful once ; but her cheeks were hollow and livid, the large and brilliant black eyes sunken in their sockets. The mouth was dis- torted with the play of evil passion and suffering; while her long raven hair, streaked with silver, hung in tangled masses from beneath her soiled and mis- shapen hat. " What do you want here?" again demanded the squire. " I do not allow beggars about my premises." I am no beggar," she replied lifting her head with a sudden, haughty grace, and her voice possessed a certain musical cadence, despite its sharpness. What was there in her movement and tone that made the proud squire start and gaze so fixedly at her, while a white fear settled over his face P " Who are you then?" he asked, quickly. "He, had" laughed the woman. "Your memory does not serve you quite as well as mine does me, most worthy squire. I presume my acquaintance would not be considered much of an honor, Nevertheless you and I are old friends J" " Have done with your croaking, and tell me what you want here," interrupted Squire Moulton, impatiently, yet with a touch of uneasiness in his voice. is What do I want ? I will tell you soon enough what I wish I" she replied, flashing her eyes angrily at him. " You had a sister oice P" " Yes, to my sorrow. What of her ?" " Where is she now?" asked his visitor, with a sinister smile. "Dead and gone to perdition for all I know or care," returned he, brutally. Dead, is she ?" repeated the woman, with the same look. " Yes, dead, I say. Confound you, what do you mean by all this quizzing, you fool P" The squire was becoming enraged, and could not easily bear the steadfast penetrating gaze of the persistent woman before him. "How do you know she is dead ?" was the quiet answer. " How do I know, you vile bag t She died at Naples, thirteen years ago. I was with her only a few hours before her death, The next time I went to see her they told me she was dead and buried." "Ah! but what became of touched she left for you to take charge of!" She bent forward and gazed eagerly into his face, as if she would read his very soul. " Curse you, it's none of your business I I'm sure I don't know why I stand here parleying with such as you." A bright flush spread itself over the woman's pale face at this taunt, while her lips quivered with suppressed rage. "Stop!" she said, sternly, as he turned to go 1 Stop, you fiend in human form, and give an account of yourself? It is my business, and I will know. It is true your sister was sick and destitute in the city of Naples. It is also true that when she heard of your arrival there she sent to you for assistance, She felt there was no help on earth for her and she wanted to be reconciled to the only living member of her family before she went the way of all the earth. She also needed food and medicines, but most of all she wanted to give you her child, her bright and beauteous boy, to educate and rear, so that he might never feel the cures and sting of poverty and shame. Yon obeyed the summons. But how did you comfort her? You swore at her; you taunted and reviled her you cursed her with the bitterest curses your vile heart could invent and your lips utter; and when she prayed for a little love and forgiveness, you turned a deaf ear to her entreaties, Ah ! cannot you hear her now pleading for her boy, that you would not leave him to the cold mercies of strangers ? Cannot you see her now as she quivered in her anguish when you swore you would not be disgraced by such as he ? Ale your dreams never haunted by that white, drawn face, by a wasted hand clutching yours, and a trembling voice begging, pleading for her one earthly treasure Does not a phantom hover around your couch at night P I think there does. You look as if your whole life had been passed amid ghostly shadows. "But to>my story. A week after you left your only sister to suffer and die alone-a stranger in a strange land-you sought her again ; your hard heart relented a little. tardy repentance ! They told you she was dead and buried. With a curse, and not even inquiring where her body was laid, you asked for her boy and took him away with you That, Ralph Moulton, was the only good deed you ever did in your life. But has it continued to be a good deed P How have you kept your trust P Is it well for would it have been better that he had died also than that you should have taken him to rear in a poisoned atmosphere ? I ask you, Ralph Moulton, where is that boy-where is he whom you have named after yourself, but who was christened Ralph Ellerton of The wicked man stood gazing at her, as if an avenging angel had smitten him, while she related these incidents of his past life. A look of blank.. .."-. amazement and fear covered his face; his, ^âl5J--* knocked together, and when he tried to set ashen lips refused to move. W frog, $ ., At length he managed to articulate : issues " Who are you, that you know all this LCP, " " Who am I" she cried, bitterly. " Look and see who I am. Does not your heart speak for itself P Is there not one spark of kindred affection left in its hardened depthsP Who am I indeed! I am Rou Moulton ; she who loved, trusted, and was betrayed w he thought she was an honored and cherished wife, whom Heaven had blessed with HB own and earth's richest blessings, but who soon awoke to the misery and knowledge that she was no wife-only a dis- graced and ruined woman, whose only child and treasure had no right to claim his father's name. An outcast, deserted and dishonored! Who am IP lam your disgraced and erring litter, whom you cast off when she and every one else thought she was dying 2 did not die. I began to gain strength from the moment you left me." "It is a lie shrieked the wretched old man, as, with eyes starting from their sockets, he staggered back against the green wall behind him. " It is no lie and you know every word I speak 's true. I have followed you I have been on your track ever since and now I have come to claim ray son, and be recognised as a member of your family. I knew if you thought me dead and out of the ways you would take my boy. So I went and hid myself, making those who took care of me promise to say I was dead. I followed you from abroad, I hats watched you ever since, but have never spoken to my boy since I pressed that last fond kiss upon his pure lips, when I left him quietly sleeping in his childish innocence. I have just recovered from a long and weary illness. I am alone, forsaken, destitute and my brother, I have come to you for comfort and support. OF Ralph, will you not tales your Rose once again to your heart, forgive bar, and bless her with your love P" She stopped and looked beseechingly in his face, while her wild eyes softened, and tears poured from her sunken cheeks. Her hands were clasped, and in almost breathless silence she awaited her reply. To be Continued,) GHOSTS. An attempt is being made in the old country to revive the belief in visitants from another world, and many are the wonderful stories that fill some of the journals. The sceptical mind is, however, inclined to adopt Scrooge's remark to Marley's ghost: "How do I know that you are not a bit of undigested bread P" for, of all the ghost producers bit of "heavy 'bread is the most potent. It is a wonder, therefore, that people do not adopt the surest spell against ghosts by using Borwick's Gold Medal Baking Powder is making bread; for, although it won't " raise ghosts," it will raise bread in the most admirable fashion. Every wise store keeper has it by him, and every good housewife but it. NEW LAMPS FOR OLD ONES! r (vide Aladdin and Judson,)-Re-dye everything with Judson's Dyes, Regard your picture frames with Judson's Gold Paint. Re-black your fenders, stoves, Acts with Judson's Artists' Black. Sold by Chemists, Stationers, and Storekeepers everywhere. 8302 CONSUMERS OF WOLFE'S CELEBRATED SCHNAPPS especially those who take it medicinally, should purchase it only by the bottle, and thus ensure obtain- ing the genuine article, there being a fraudulent imitation in the market. Large and small bottles are obtainable at every respectable Hotel in the colonies, and the name of M. Moss and Co. is on the top label of the yellow wrapper. None else is genuine. A Georgia farmer exults In six acres of steamers New York city consumes 500,000 quarts of milk a day. 