SYTEARING BY TELEPHONE. An interesting suit has been decided by the District Court of Cincinatti — that of A. H. Pugh against the City and Suburban Telephone Company. The question at issue was whether the word " damn" is a profane word. The case came up on an error tii reverse the judgment of the Superior Court. The petition recited that 011 April, 1882, the plaintiff, wishing to com municate with a certain person on business, went to the . telephone in his (the plaintiff 's), office and gave the customary signal. The . operator at the Exchange called up the wrong person, when the plaintiff remarked through ; the telephone, " If yon can't get the party I want,, yoii may shut up your damn telephone," and it was shut up aod afterwards remarked i by the telephone company on the ground that profane language had been used through it, which> is against the company's rules. The siiit was brought to compel- tlie Company to re store and maintain a telephone in the plaintiff's office. The court was divided, Judges Moore and Johnson giving an opinion favourable to the plaintiff. The majority of the court was of opinion that the mle forbidding the use of the profano language through the company's trie- phones was reasonable, and that the word " damn," whether it was to bo regarded as a profane or improper expression,, was in viola tion of the contract and objectionable. It wau scarcely necessary to- inquire whether the word " damn" is profane or improper. . The character of tho expression is too plain to admit of argu ment. Although not obscene or in violation , of the statute, it is vase, unbecoming, and pro fane, or it not profane, is an improper word, and the manner and occasion of its use was low and insulting. In his dissenting opinion, Judge Binith said that, admitting that the company may prohibit the use of certain language and adopt reasonable regulations,, yet in the case of a doubtful or uncertain expression, it seemed to him that it should be distinctly pointed out as one of the forbidden expressions. Ifc is said the word " damn'' is u profane. expression. Now what is profanity? If wo take the Decaloguo it says taking the name of God in- vain. If we look at our statute it is cursing or swearing; or using irreverently the nntne of God, Jesus Christ, or tho Holy Ghost. Profanity is an ir reverent expression towards God. If we look for a definition of the word ' damn' in a dic tionary, we do not find it among the terms of profane expressions.. Tlie question is whether in a business communication, where a party is somewhat excited, having failed to- get a proper communication, and uses tlie words ' Damn your telephone,' that is a sufficient ground for cutting off permanently tlie use of the tele phone, for which lie had paid, and depriving him of a vested right." It seemed to him that the judgment of tho court below was wrong,, and thnt the judgment of this- court was right.. — European Mail. European papers state that a Mme.Tamblez, living near Baden, lias distinguished herself at the age of 74 years, by giving birth to male twins. Her husband is 83 years old. They have had before but one child, a son, who is now 51 years 1 olds. , Last Cveniugtbe Rev. Joseph Campbell delivered- a highly interesting and most instructive lecture, iu tlie Temperance Hall, the subject being-' "Nor folk Island— its Inhabitants, past and' present." Mr R. A. Lewis presiUeii;. The hall was' densely crowded, and at the close of the lecture; a cordial: vote of thanks was accorded Mr. Campbell.. Rev. Mr, LUheck. — We understand that Bishop Turner has received a letter from1 the Rev.. H, Lubeck.who is at present staying in Durham, Eng land. We are pleased to hear that Mr. Lubeck at- tlie time of writing was improving in health.. 