turf topics and anticipations. bt ashodkus. Tbo third and last division of Melbourno Cup | horses which demand altention to-day aro tboso handicapped at less than 7 st., tbo first 011 the list being Sir Thomas Klder's aptly named four- year-old maro Conjecture, by Gang Forward-- Fcradvonturo, both sire and dam being imported. , In the absence of any public performance for a 1 guide it need only he said that this lady of high breeding has been well treated by the handicapper in being placed at C st. 13 lb. | All Silk and Prioress are two Yattendon threo- year-olda who havo yet to mako a name ; and Vernct, by Bordeaux, has the honor of being called upon to givo weight to his sire— a somewhat novel position for a youngstor to fill. Boscawcn has started four times, and still re tains his maidenhood, albeit in his last attempt ho got eccond to Malmaisnn in the Membors' i Handicap at Bandniclc,'a mile and a furlong, and ; at four years old no son of -Maribyrnong can com plain of such a weight as C st. 1 2 lb. | Robert tho Devil, who is the same age, and by thosamaBirc, has done a lot of work as a two j and three-year-old with hut a small degree of ! success until the autnmn season just past, when he won tho Selling Raco at tho Victorian Club meeting, tho St. Putrick's day Handicap at ; Albury, and the Railway Stakes and Autumn 1 Handicap at Hay. These, however, are not per formances which indiico me to view the leggy son 1 of Maribyrnong with favor for tho great spring handicap, and at even weights I much prefer tho next on tho list. | Losbia, by Tim WhifUer — Pemlcss, won tho I Bendigo Handicap carrying 8 st. '8 lb:, and ran ! second to Odd Trick in the V.R.C.- Midsummer Handicap on New Year's day. I oxpcct thiB maro to show considerable improvement as afour-year- old, and in the hands of tho veteran Stovo Mahon she must possess a show of running for- ward with G st. 12 lb. Mountebank is a son of Kelpio and Merry thought, who won the A.J.C. Maiden Stakes in the autumn of this year— his only win out of six attompts. Duchess of Albany is credited with having run a dead heat with First Love in tho .A.R.C. Two-year- old Handicap, covering tbo 5 furlongs in 1 min. 2-i see., and winning tho run off in 1 min. H see., her weight being 7 st. 5 lb. If this time be correct there can bo no doubt about her pace, but whether she can stay has yot to bo proven. Sardius, by Emulation— Ruby, is also n South Australian, and ran second to Monsoon in tho S.A.J.C. Autumn Nursery Handicap recently. Kit Nubbles, although a sou of my old favorito Tho Diver, I don't care for, and must pass him by this time. Mr. J. Wilson has nominated a five-year-old mare, Liuda, by Panic— Rosa, whose upcountry running has surely escaped. Mr. Barnard's notice, sho having won tho Christmas Gift at Colae, Tcrang Cup, Colac Handicap and tbo Corner Handicap at tho Ballarat Miners' Meet ing. These are performances which certainly onti tic a' five-year-old to moro than G st., 101b. (but 3 lb. above tho minimum), and I am at a loss to know how to account for such a decided oversight on tho part of the handicapper., Eva', by Kelpie— Tiara, is romarkably well in at 8 st. 10 lb. judging by her running as a tliroc- year-old. In tho spring alio won tho Maiden Plato at Hawkesbury, and waB third in tho Marcs' 1'roduco Stakes ; at tlio: A.J.C. Meeting ' a month later sho rau third to Hocla for tho Maiden Stall es. and at Plomington was third to Yauclnso in tho Oaks. Thcso performances wero, however, completely eclipsed at Wagga, where . sho won tho Town Plato, a mile and a half, in 2 min. 41 J sec., boating Jessie and Cunnamnlla. ; Favo is fivo years old and by Tho Drummer — Romping Girl, but has never done anything to attract attention ; and the samo may ho said of Silver Arrow, who is, howovor, a year older, , Tho Bean scored a couplo of wins in New South Wales last season, but thcso wevo hut a poor set off against a long succession of defeats. | Kathleen Mavourneen is a smart little Yatten don maro who has dono a rare lot of work in her time, and at intervals shown considerable bril liancy, but is not my idea of a Melbourne Cup winner, even at 6 st. 9 lb. ; Sir William Clarke's Bordeaux is a noblo look ing son of Panic and Gironde, who, although aged, is still a maiden. As a two-year-old lie ran unsuccessfully, but was then a colt of such precocity of growth that it was evident I10 would devolop into a fino stamp of a thoroughbred. Sinco then ho has been at tho stud, having for saken tho course for tho harom when three years old. As a rulo thcso resurrectionists aro failures, tho indulgence of the stud being especially pre judicial to good temper ; exceptions are, how ever, to be found, Tho Diver being a notablo one, and it is far from improbable that in Yecnd's hands this fino son of Panic may turn up trumps. : 1 Sensation is an aged Panie gelding who has 'performed unsuccessfully in South Australia 011 tho fiat and over hurdles, and Sportsman, also a 'gelding and aged, has not yet attracted favorable: notice. : I Black Diamond has proved a Triton amongst .minnows in tho provinces on two or three occa sions, hut I doubt his ability to compote with tho: 'upper crust of canine society, despite his splcndid- . breeding, Hercules— Gasworks. J Bis Bis is a flier, but in a raco of this sort P do not esteem her ehanco highly; nor do I care for jany of tho remaining Beven, unless, indeed, . Cbnntcss at 6 st. 7 lb. turn out a clinker, which, by tho way, I have hoard it said sho undoubtedly :is. \- i This brings me to the end of the Cup list, and 'T must confess that I am by no means swcot on the light weights mentioned in this chapter, tho most likely appearing to bo Lcsnu, Lisps, Eva . and BonnEAux, , : Last wcok, after mentioning Malua . approv ingly, I find that I omitted his name when closing my remarks upon tho middle weights, which was . a: decided oversight. Having now glanced through, the entire list during tho last three weoks, it hyill bo Been that I have aoleetod Stockwhip, CuNNAUULLA, ar.ciiib, BniTISITEH, nicholas, Off Colob, Waterloo, Dirk Hattehaiok, 'Jessie; Saxta Clacs.JCopra, Malua, Lk Beau, Lesuia, Lixda, Eva and Bordeaux", and hero for tho present I mnst leave tho Melbourno Cup can didates, and at tho earliest opportunity run through the lists of the Hawkesbury Handicap and Metropolitan Stakes. Tho V.R.C. Winter Steeplechase meeting on Saturday was, so far as fields and competition wero concerned, a complete success ; the weather being delightful with an atmosphero bracing- bnl not cold, and the attendance in conseaucnce larger than is usual at the midwinter fixture. I havo no desire to incrcaso the grief of poor young M'lnncs's friends and relatives by lengthy reference to tho dotails of tho terriblo accident which destroyed a young and worthy life, and prematurely closed a career of great promise. I remember well tho merry looking boy whom years ago I have frenuently seen on the Albert Park trainiug ground when Chifncy had his head quarters at St. Kilda, who, under tho personal instruction of that excellent horseman and master, as he grow into manhood developed characteristics which enabled him at tbo early ago of 23 to rival the best cross country riders in tho land. Tho poor lad could not have been conscious of pain during the half hour while life remained after his fall, hat during that time and on tho announcement that he had ceased to livo the conduct of his former friends and com panions showed unmistakably that tho some times- evil influences of stable life do not necessarily destroy that keen sympa- . thctic feeling which is tho noblest charao- toristie of human nature. Chifncy, his constant friend and employer, was completely broken down, and well indeed it might be so, for with bare jnstico to the memory of Archio M'lnues it may ho said that his death, de prived the turf of a skilful young rider, who was kindly disposed towards his fellow men, know no fear, and was as honest as daylight. I am informed that tho deceased jockey contributed regularly to the snpport of his mother, in whoso behalf Mr. L. L. Smith mado a collection on the ground, which resulted in over £100 being sub scribed. As numbers who would like to assist in so good a cause wore unahlo to do so on Satur- day, I may mention that Mr. L. L. Smith invites them to send their contributions to his carc, Collins-street east, at once. Tho Maiden. Hurdle Race, with which proceed ings opened, fell, as I anticipated, to Tho Joker, who jumped well, and could have left his field at any period of tho racer ; hut hnckers of the Ascot Vale horso were kept for a moment on tenter hooks when it was found that Batty could not bring down tho scale without his bridle. The Ballarat stable made a bad start in this race, which was destinod to bo tho precursor of stiU moro disastrous defeats. The much lauded Ontario was served np so warm that eager backers laid 5 to 4 on, which pleasant littlo gamo was allowed to proceed without let or hindrance by tho books, who fearlessly stood the field, and wero woll rewarded. Ontario's appearanco cer tainly justified his friends' confidence, for ho is the l ight out of a horse for tho business, but on Saturday ho ram a perfect bruto. Passing the stand tho first time ho was yawing all over tho course, and afterwards jnmped badly, running very unkindly all through. After tho race was over Ontario's latliorcd state clearly showed that ho was much softer than he had previously looked, his neck and shonldors being smothered with "flakes of white foam." Huzza and Hope divided tho honors in tho betting on tho Maiden Steoplechaso until within a quarter of an hour of tho start, when Bmza was unexpectedly scratched, owing, as was al leged, to his owner being unable to got hio monoy op. Tho rales of theV.lt,C. provide tl£t unless < half an hour's notico of withdrawal is given tho ; 0 truer is liable to bo fined in a sum not exceeding £20. In this case, I am glad to say, tho stewards inflicted the maximum penalty, nor do I seo how they could posBibly havo dono less and maintained any degrcoof dignity, especially as tho oflendor is a member of tho Y. 11 , C. committee. Mr. Inglia's action was most reprehensible, for if those oc cupying high positions both on and off the turf adopt these tactics what is to bo cxpcctod from trainers and othors who are taught to look with respect to the shining light3 of the racing world, as a prominent ono of whom Mr, Inglis has al ways boon recognised. Such proceedings as those of Saturday havo nothing of tho true sporting spirit about them, and as young Australia has been taught to look to such men as Mr. J. O. Inglis to supply the places of tho veterans as they slowly butsurclydopartfrom tho scene, it is to bo hoped that a repetition of such conduct on tho. part of so gouerally popular an owner and rider will' not again agitato the sporting atmosphere. Hope, who ran third, disappointed me greatly, for, although ho showed a deal of foot and has all tho appearance of a steeplechaser, tho slovenly way in which he negotiated his. fences was in marked contrast to the capital - work ho had dono on tho training ground. Taking off too close to his jumps it did not surprise mo to seo him at length come a purler, but Kilduff. remounting cleverly and quickly came along at a bat that clearly showed Hope's pace on tho flat was quito good enough to havo landod him a winner hut for his surprisingly bad jumping. Tho winner, Sham rock, who came into tho market just before tho ..-.'.art, ran a good horso from the jump ; and al though Speculator appeared to be on terms at the last, fence, C'ree landed his horso a two lengths winner with hut little difficulty. Tho erratic conduct of Hailstorm had a considerable effect on the result of this race, for soon after the start when Jellett took the grey to tjio front he balked, and took Hope, Glenara and Hart Royal with him. Immense interest, and some degree of sensa tion, attondod tho Grand National HnrJlo Race ; tho former on account of tho heavy double event wagering which had taken place with this as tho first event, and the latter owing to the announce ment at the last moment that Matador, who had been heavily backed the night before, would not he allowed to start. It transpired that Matador had been entered for this event and tho Maiden Ilurdlo Race as aged, whercaB he is actually only 6 years old. A correction of tho entries had therefore to be mado, and (according torulofil) a fine of £2 paid for each race. This fine it ap pears was paid by a cheque drawn by a friond of tho owner (who through illness was unable to at tend to the matter personally), which when pre sented about a fortnight afterwards was marked at the bank "refer to drawer." Unfortunately nothing was known of tbo transaction until the last moment, when tho consequent disqualifica tion was announced. Undor tho peculiar cir- | cumBtances tho owners of Matador aro certainly ; to bo sympathised with, as there can bo no donht \- that had the facts been known to them the cash would have been at once paid, and tho entries .thus made legitimate. As a matter of course con- . sidcrablo confusion ensued on settling day, hackers refusing to pay. No doubt in this course they aro perfectly justified, as the money not having been paid for correction of entries tho horso had strictly speaking never been entered at all ; his hackers will therefore have the satisfaction of knowing that Ihoy have only lost their chance of winning, which by the way was considered at tho last hoar a remarkably good ono by those who ought to know. It is truly an ill wind that blow3 nobody good, and Dizzy's party benefited by the mistake to the extent of securing Batty, in consequence of which I think it may he admitted they landed - the stake, for the crack jockey never rode a better raco, keeping a fair position throughout, but nursing his horso so well that when the effort came ho had pounds tho best of tho final tusslo notwithstanding King's de termined riding on Rhesus, who ran ns true as steel under terrible punishment.. Lotlmir's magnificent appearance in the paddock made him a host of friends, who averred, and with reason too, that cvenl2st.91b,cauldnotstophim. I never was more disappointed than at tho ap- poaranco of tho favorito, Prospect— a- natty looking nugget certainly, but with none of the look which proclaims a winner in good company. His hollow back made Corrigan. lookliko a mite, and beside tho hondsome top. weight it was difficult to conceive that this red hot favorite could possess a 100 to 1 chance. Unless I am much mistaken wo shall hear a lot of Sparke's future career, for tho strapping son of Grand master, whose mission was to make running for Rhesus, is yet green but is very fa3t, jumps well and look3 ablo to carry a ton- The absurdly easy victory of Dizzy justified tho strictures which have been passed upon the handicap, and Mr. Barnard will no doubt in future avoid tho folly of thus throwing in a known fast ami well bred horso bccauso ho is new to tho small sticks. Tho piece de resistance wa3 a lamentahlo boil over for tho public, and brought about tho third disaster to the Ballarat stable, whoso reported form was completely upset throughout tho day. Tho previous failures oE Ontario and Prospect, palpably weakened Australian Court, and Sailor in consequence started a decided favorite. Tho chestnut wont very near justifying the confidence I had expressed in him, boating everything hut Blackthorn, who, however, won with so much to sparo that Mr. Barnard apparently knew moro about him than his owner gave the handicapper credit for when calling upon Blackthorn to carry II Et. 9 lb. over two miles at Caultield, which, it will bo romcmhcrcd, called forth an indignant ' protest from Mr. Phillips, who, in tho columns of a contemporary, warned the public that ho should sell tho horse and not start him at tho V.. A, T. C. mooting— from which however, he was not an absentee q£tgr all. It was announced that Blackthorn had changed hands at tho time, but as I10 was ontercd for tho Grand National in Mr. Phillips's namoandrau in his colors, it is reasonable to suppose that tho letter's previously wounded foelings rccoivcd a , balm by tho victory on Saturday. Tho top weight, Trumpeter, looked hearty but very big, notwithstanding which ho ran a good raco under his heivy -impost up to tho last turn. Tho favor» ifo-foll at tho stono watl, which proved fatal- to poor young M'Innc3, whibPOhadiah, Lizetto and Mariner wero never daugoroHs. Black Jacket ran a- goad littlo horse, and Ifarper- Thomrsc»> who ran well for over two miles, found tho last hhlf round too much for him. The pa»o.-at which Vanlter went in pumuit of his fioid after falling in front of lbs stand, fairly sniniiiijy everybody, for the big chestnut was ahvajs imp— posed to ho troubled with the slows. After the mishap, however, ho negotiated the two remain ing obstacles of the trobloaad mado up lost giound wonderfully, but at tho abattoirs Bcol'ia, seeing that the advantago gained by the leadera had rendered pursuit hopeless, wisely pulled him up. ' Tho rider of Sunlight, whocamo in first for-tliO Selling Hurdle Race, failing to draw his weighty Wild Harry was declared tho winner, and a'ufr- seqnontly sold to Mr. -Norman Wilson for'. DO guineas. Virago, a three-year-old daughter, of Slanderer, suprised hor owner, trainer and- tho public by heating a good field in the Flat Race, for which Transferod was greatly fancied,; a capital, race for second- piafo resulting between Bonnie Bee and The Ghost. . My attention haB boon called to a clerical error in tho V. A.T.C. advertisement of their winter meeting. In it tho-V.A.T.O, Amateur .Challcngo Cup is described as a "handicap smcpstaies oC 100 sovsi, added to a sweepstakes of 3 sovs; each for acceptors." "I need hardly. say that the word siccepstahes in thc first instance should have been written steeplechase. Messrs. W. C. Yuillo and Co. 'advertise in Tflo Leader to-day particulars of thoir annual salc oE thoroughbreds, which 'will dalio' placo :at' tlie- Pastoral Hotel, Flemingtoti, on' Wednesday, tffe- I5th August. Breeders' on tho'look out' for a good'siro will have a host of splendidly bred ones to select from, as I notice in-the' list such cele brities as Calamia, tho winner of tho Melboiirrfo '.Cup oi 1S7S ; Tho Czar, wlioran second to Zliltf ; Hercules, Lohengrin, Trcvaliyii and a- number of others equally well bred. Lothair, the cclebratod huTdlo' racer, and' wllo . also ran fourth in a Melbourne Cup,' has Been sold by Messrs. W. C. ; Yuille:'and Co. to Mr. . Matthew Bryant, of - Cairn Outran, for 860 ' guineas. The handsome -eon "of Epigram and- Legend will be a fitting companion to snch horses as Irish King andBosworth."'- Messrs. Yuillo astt Co. have also sold Wild. Harry to Mr. M'Lcod, who I believe intends sondin'g the chestnut fo India." Wednesday next, tho 1st August, is tho dhy?et genera! entry for tho HaiVkosbury Spring Meet ing. The first payment- of 3 guineas for »Bo Hawkesbury Grand. -Handicap was due. on Tuesday last, when the list was considerably re duced, and now numbers onty 82- ' No prominent favorites or horses that bad betn considered likely starters are, howovor, amongst thoso who have retired. At tho V.R.C. office on Tuesday the stakes won at tho Grand National Meeting wero paid, amounting in all to £1898-, the' particulars being aB follows : — T. W. Phillips; first in Grand-Na tional Steoplcchose. £561 ;'D. Foster, first- in Grand National Hurdle 'Ua'co, £358 ; W. Bailey, first in Flat Race, £293'l0s. S. G. Cook; first Maiden Hurdle, and third- in - Grand National Hurdle Raco, £188 ; C. Fleming-, first in Maiden Stcoplochase, £171 10s. ! J. Lay ton, first' in Selling-Hurdle Race, £i2S,D, 8, Wallace, -second in Grand National Hurdle Raco, £50 ; G. Russell, .second in Grand National Steeplechase, £50 ; H. Levin, second in Maiden'Hilrdlo Raco, £25 ; W. Pearson, second in Maiden Steeplechase, £25; J. G. Rcid, third in Grand" National Steeple chase, £25 ; Robertson and Wagner, third in Maiden Hurdle Race, £10 ;!G, ' Glasscock, third in Maiden Steeplechase, £10 ; A. M'Donald, second in Flat Raco, £5; -and 11. Batty, second in Selling Hurdle Raco, £3. ; Messrs. H. Young and Son, of Collins-street, have presented a clock to the' Victoria Amateur Turf Club, which Mr, Bond informs mo will bo placed in the turret beforo tho: next Caulficld meeting. The samo firm - aro bnsily engaged in the manufacture of the' Oaulfield Gold Cup for 1883, which will ho exhibited in tho window in about a week's time. Owners of young trotters got in 1881 by Boe? caceio, Von Molke Jun., Morryhawk,- Air Lincoln or Vermont Juo. . aro reminded that it, qnalify-them Cor tho Australian Trotting Sires-' Produce Stakes of 1835 their must bo namodand described to tho secretary of tho Victorian. Trot ting Club on Wednesday no t, tho 1st of Aug net, and tho sum of £1 enclosed with each entry. , Tho Sydney TattersaU's Club hold their -winter meeting on the 11th AugORt, tho entries closing on Wednesday next, tho 1st prox. The fallowing items comprise a programme which should., at tract considerable attention Hurdlo Raco flOfl sovs.), Tramway Handicap. 6 furlongs, (100 hots.), SeUingRaco (100 sovs.), Two-year-oldStakcs (JDtt sovs.), and the Loftus Uaudicap, (100. eavs), distance a milo and a quarter. Entries for tho winter mooting of tho Victoria Amateur Turf Club, which takes place on tha 18th August, must he mado with the secretary, Mr. N. R. D. Bond, on Monday noxt, the 3fltU inst. Attention is called to the amended pro gramme, which now includes the Sapling Stakes (75sovs.),3£nrlongs ; tho Hurdle Raco (75 sovs.), two miles; tho V.A.T.C. Amatour Challcngo Cop (o£ 100 sovs.), about two miles, for ccrtifi" catcd hunters and approvod amateur riders ; and aSelling Race ; following which comotho Caultield Grand National Steoplechaso, about two and a half miles, with 200 sovs. added, and tho Balac lava Stakes of seven furlongs, with 180 sevs. added. At this soason of the year so attraotiyo a programme ought to enahlo Mr. Bond to sijoro another success on the heath. Tho Geelong Racing Ctub have no reason 19 regret their action in altering dates to accommo date tho Sale folks, the entries received on Thurs day for tho G.K.C. wiutor meeting being most satisfactory, and the quality of an unusually higfc order. For instance, amongst tho 14 candidate! for tho Hurdlo Eaeo, I find Lady llampdon, Rhesus, Tho Joker, Game and other notables ; tho Railway Stakes has attracted 21, amongst whom appear a I"t of known fliers, including throe from tho St. Albans stable. Tho Stlltng Race has 8 ; and 15 of the best oross-contitry horses in tho laud havo cntorod for tho Stc«pl3». -etiaso. Tito Winter .Handicap bas 23, and tho Ikot 18. Mr,. J. D.. Robinson may therefore Already congratulato.himsolf .on a certain guccoss whon tho forces shall bo marshalled by the starter on tbo 9th prox." Tho weights will be declared «ext Friday. . The wintor meeting of . tbo Adelaide Racing Club takes place-on the 4 th and Sib August, and .owners are reminded that Wednesday next, tbo 1st prox., is tiie day of general entry and on which acceptance must bo made. Tbo Sale handicaps wero declared on tbo 24th inst,, and as -the acceptances ore not due until to day, Boiocliug probable winners is somewhat akin ' to taking a leap in' tho dark. However, at tlio weights I think Black Fituct; ought to win the Hnrdlo Itaco ;- and I sec nothing to prevent Tkvmpbtka carrying the lop weight to Victory in Abo Wattle Steeplechase ;"whilst "for tho Winter Handicap CnNTEssi.'.'A shall have my confidence. ' Acceptances and general entries for .the Sale, winter mooting, ' which takes place on tho 2nd August, must be mnde to-day with the secretary, Jtoya! Iixciiango Hotel, Sale. Visitors to the Sale meeting who havoaweok to spare cam spcnd it enjoyably in tho hakes district, and wind'up with the Bairnsdalo meet ing, which takes placo on tho 9th August. Ealries for the Hurdle Race, Hopgrqwera' Hati-' -dicap and Publicans' Pulse must bo made to- day. : Dizzy, tho winitci of tbo Grand National Hardlo Race, is s;ii l to have been sold to Mr. A. I'. Hmart, of Syilt cy, tor 400 guineas. . ' Tbe settling oyer tho Winter Slocpiecbaso Mooting look place at the two principal sporting clubs on Monday— at Victoriau Tattersall's during the day, and at tlio Victorian club in tho even ing. It is understood that the question as to crbotber backers of Matador bavo to pay or not will bo considered by the committee of tho Vic torian club, and in the meantimo affairs remain Jn abeyance. From all accounts, it appears that bo waa never correctly nominated, and if this ultimately turns ont as stated ail bets will be off, as under these circumstances he' would Jtovor haro hada chance of winning bis raco. Notvs of the death of Mr. E. K. Cox, of New South Wales, at the comparatively oavly age of £4, will ho received with general regret by tho uplifting public of Victoria, to whom the deceased gonlliman was best known as the owner o" the inigbty Yaltendont the recent purchaser of Darcbiu, and as tho broeVtcr of a host of tho best iborscsthat have ever graced the Australian turf. \- . Mr. Gox was,- however,' equally well known in tho -sis tor colony as an extensive breeder of slidop and cattle, and was also aoncmber of tho Legislative Council. In oomplisnco with a request from some of the 'jOMtlier mciallicians, tho V.A.T.C. committoa bavo agreed to license bookmakers who wish to l>)y their vocation cn the l! at at Cauificid, 