IIOW .THE CZAR.IS CROWNED. Alexander III. will bn crowned in Moscow on Sunday, tho 27th.of Muy. As tlio coronation is ono of tho most brilliant ceremonies in Lho ; world, a description of it {from a liussiun sourco) may be rend with interest. . The great coromony hits always been performed in the Churchofthe Holy Assumption, wilhin the walla of the Kremlin, at lho ancient town of Moscow. Arririns nt the Church, the Czar and his svife are shown to ordinury thrones near those of (he bUhops, and the special service immediately begins. Aflor tho first lesson is read, the Metropolitans conduct the Etnpcvor and Empress to a canopy of scarlet relvot, richly embroidered in gold, tho prin* oipal iiguro being tho doublo-hnaded Kussian oaglo. Under this canopy is an elevated platform, upon which tire the historical throno of tho Utttir Vludimir Monomaguc and an ordinnry arm-ohair for the iSmpreas, qIbo a table upon which aco the sceptre and crown of Constuntinus Monomachus, u sword and a mantle of erinino. The nobles now advanco from the south of the Cuthedral, and surround ing tho platform draw.their swords find place them at tho feet of the Czar. The Bishop of Kazan then a?kcd lho Emperor in a loud voice if he is a truo believor, to which ho re plies by reading Lho Lord's Prayor and the Apostles' Creed of tho Greek Church. Tho Bishop next says s--If there be any of jou here present knowing any impediment for whioh Alexander, son of Alexander {or other name), should not be crowned, by tho graco of God, Emporor and autoorat of All the Itussians, of Moscow, of Kieff, of Vludimir, of Novgorod; Czar of Knznn, of Aslrak* han, of Poland, of Siberia, of Kherson* Taurida, of Grousi; Gosoudar of PakolF; Grand Duke of Smolensk, nf Lithuania, of Volhyniu, of I'odolia, and of Finland; Prince of Hsthonia, of Livawn, of Cotirluud, of Semigralia, of tho Sanioycdes, of Bielostok, of Corolla, of Ifoor, of Ingor, of Pei m, of Viatica, of Culgaria, and of other countries ; Master ami Grand Dulcc of tho Lower Countries .in Novgorod, of Tehcruigoff, of Kitiz^u, of Polotsk, of llostolF, of Jnroslab, of Uieloscrsk, of Oduurk, of Ohdorsk, of Kundisk, uf A'itolsk, of MistilalV, uml of at. the countries of tho North ; Master Absolute of Iversk, of Kastalnisk, of Kabardinsk, and of tho territory of Armenia; Sovereign of Moun* tain of Princes of Tukerkask ; Master of Turkestan, Heir Presumptive of Norway, and Duko ofSlcBwick Uolslcin, of Stormarno, of Dithmarsc, and of Oldeuburg, lot him como forward now,in tho naujoof tho Holy Trinity, and show what tho impediment is, or lot biai rernaiu dumb for ever! This is repeated three times, and upon no objection being raised he lays bis hand upon tho head,of the Czar, who immediately kneels. At this .point ihc Metropolitan of Moscow takes the mantle of crmiuo from fcJfe table, and throws it over the kneeling Czar, saying, "Cover and protect thy peoplu as this robe covers and protects Mice ;" the Emperor replying, " 1 will, I will, I will, God helping/' and kissing the prelate's hand. The Bishop of Novgorod now places the tccptrc in tho Czar's hand, saying, " May thine hand which holtls this wither the day thou art unjust, " the answer being, " lie it so ; " after which the Bishop of KiefT places the crowo upon the Emperor's head. At this point the Empress kneels beside her husband, who partly covers her with tho cloak of ermine, and also holds his crown above her head for a fcwacconds, without, however, placingit upon her head. The Czir and Cziriua remain i« proyor for several minutes amid a deadly silence, and the instant ihcv rise to their feet bishops, nobles, deputations, clergy, and all present kneel to them, shouting "Long live the Czorj" The cry 19 taken up by the hundreds of thousands who arc outside, tho heralds sound their trumpets, guns are fired, and bells ore rung. The Czar commands the 'people to rise, and i? again surrounded by the nobles, who receive their swords back from -the Imperial hands, tho Emporor saying, "U is thy country's," to which the noble replies, "and my Czar's." Mass i9 again resumed, ;and tho Emperor, proceed* alone to tho altar, 'passing through (he Golden Gates of tho Iuqnostasini, which are closed behind him, .thushiding him from view. Here, after par* .taking of the Holy Communion, the Metro* politan of Moscow annoinls his head, torn pies, eyelids, lips, nostril?, cars, breast, and hands, saying, "Heboid tho seal of 1 ho Holy Ghost; may it keep thee over holy." Tho Gates of the,; Iconostasini aro reopened, the Czar appears bofore them, and is hailed with shouts of "Thou art verily by tho Lord annotated.'' The Empress advances to the sanctuary and kneels to her lo;d, who bids hor rise, and they walk out of tho cathedral arm in arm. At the door is a gilded chariot drawn by twelve white bcrses, into which they enter, the princes, othor members of the Imperial family, foreign monarchs, guests, &o.;, entering other Stale chariots. Tho pro* cession again forms as ib did on approaching the Kiemlm, and with its new additions moves slowly through tho gaily decorated town. According to an old oustom, the -Czar's carriage, instead of being guarded by troops, is surrounded by 100 maidens belong ing to the best Russian families, all dressed in white and holiday garlands of ilowers. Court balls and recoptions begin in tho evening and last for a fortnight, after which tho Court re* turns to St. Petersburg. 