JbVftkE RUSSIA isMPEROR IS CROWNED. As tlie coronation is one of the most brilliant ceremonies iu tho world, the following descrip tion of it moy be read with interest :— Tho grea.t ceremony has always been performed in tlio Church of thb Holy Assumption, within tho walls of tho Kremlin at Moscow. Tho great Kroiuliii is an octagon plot of ground of many acres on a high elevation, surrounded by high walla &Q;(1 fortifications, .unci contains tour Crown palaces, threo -cathedrals, tho headquarters of tho Imperial Guards, tho Governor's rosidenco, a university, and a number of monasteries and nunneries. The appearance of the . Kremlin is very striking, lis the walls are white, thb forti fications emerald green, the entrances rose-tinted, and the roofs of .tho cathedrals gilded, the whole forming ri woriderfiil combination. The coro nation procession begins to .form at the cavalry barracks, four milos distant froth the Kremlin. , Early in the day . appointed for the ceremony sixty heralds, mounted on cream-coloured homes and commanded by a master of ceremonies, ap pear boforo the gates of the barracks and blow a salvo; hpon which the colonel of the regiment apjiears rind asks what they want of him; "The Ozar commands thee follow me," ia tho ariswof, ' and the gates ' are thrown operi and tlio rbgi- merit, which has bebri expecting the' ijumlnqns, gallops out and'follows the heralds. The hbrrilds then proceed to tho barracks of the Lancem, whore the BamA thing takes place; -, thep to the university, then to the Cathedral of St. Nicholas, where the clergj" join the procession,' then to the law courts, where tho judges fall in, then to the headquarters of tho marshals - of the no bility, the staff officers, the several professions, the governor, the prefects, the deputations from every, part of the empire, the trade guilds; &c.;, each body joining at a separate place/ arid all being summoned by thq .heralds, as in the first case. The procession goes - on swelling until it reaches enormous proportions, . so much So that when the head of it arrives at the Kromlin the tail ,is still at thq other end of the town. Ar riving at Sti Derriotrius gate they find it closed. The heralds . then blow their trumpets, and the commander of the citadbl appears arid demands what, they want, to ..whicli, the crowd rejriiba " The Czar." " And what for 1 " risks the cririi. niandor. "To orown.liim, the most powerful of the powerful," is the , reply, arid tho gritos fly open. , The Metropolitans of Moscqw, Kazan Novgorod, and , Kieff here head the procession, and, with the deputations from every part; of tlib empire; they advance to the palace , and form in front bf it. These deputritions eonsistri of Russians, Roumanians, Kirghiz; Chinese,. Mih- grelians, Bashkirs,, Poles, (Georgians, Circassians, Calmucks, Armenians, TurkoirianB, Tartars, Es quimaux, Afghans, Bulgarians, Laplanders; Mon golians', Finns, Persians and ; Bokharians,- (all in their respective national costumes. The Metro politans then advance and call upon tho Czar to come forward, . upon which he appears at the portico; dressod in the uniforrri of a colohel of the Imporial Guards, with the Empress, dressed as a Russian peasant on his. arm. The instant tlie deputations . are , aware of. the Imperial pre sence they kneei, : rind Being asked by the Czar what they want with him, the Metropolitan of Moscow replies that. they. have , been sent from far and wide .to see their .Czar anointed, so that they can return , to tlibir horiiea arid ririsnre those who sent, thoiri that the Czar -is , verily tli e Lord's anointed, arid that they riariy obey none but him-. Thence, all proceed to the Cathe dral of the . Holy . Assumption, , . the . Czar , and Czarina walking between the bishops and the de putations. I. : \- Arriving at the church, the Czar and his wife are shown to, ordinary thrones near ..those'- of the bishops, arid the' special service immediately begins. - After the first lesson is -read the' metro politan's condubt the Emperor; arid Empresd to a canopy bf scarlet velvet; richly embroidered in gold, the principal figure Being the dbuBle- headed Russian : eagle. : Under this, canopy is an elevated platform upon which are thb historical throne of the Czar. Vladimir : Moribmagiio rind an ordinary ariri-chair for thq Empress, also a table upon ivhich aro the sceptro and crown of Constantino? Monomrichus, a sword and a mantle, of ermine. , The nobles now advance froni thb south ' of tlie Cathedral and surround ing the platform draw their swords and placo them at the -feet of the Czar. The Bishop of Kazan then asks the Emperor in a loud vbi'ce if he is a true believer, to which he replies ..by reading the Lord's Prayer, and the. Apostles! Creed of the Greek Church. The. Bishop next says :— : . ;. ; ; u j If there be any of you here present knowing 'any impediment for ivhich Alexander;, isim, of Alexander (or other nahie), should not be crowned by the grace of God, Emperor and Autocrat of All theRussias/ &c.;, let him come forward now, iri tlio name of the Holy Trinity,- and sliov what the impediment is, or let him romairi dumb fob over ! ' ' This is repeated three times, 'and upori no ob'- jectiori being raisod, lie lays his.hand up'rih the head of: the Czar, who immediately, krieb)s.; :, At this pbint the Metropolitan of. Moscow.' takes the mantle of ermine from the table arid throws it over tho kneeling Czar, saying, " Cover pud protect thy people as this robe covers and .pro tects tlioo the Emperor -replying, "I will, I will, I will, God helping," and kissing the pre: late's hand. Tlib Bishop of Novgorod now places the sceptre in the Czar's hand, saying, "Flay thine hand which holds this wither tlie day thou art unjust ; " the answer being,, "Be(itso;" after which the Bishop of Kieff places the icrown upon . the Emperor's head. At that point the Emprbss krieols beside her husband,; .who/partly covers her with the cloak of qrmirib; arid also holdB his crown above her lioad for a few se conds, - without, however, placing it upon her head. The Czrir arid Czarina remain in pb'ayer for several minutes amid a deadly silence, and the instant they rise to their feet,, bishops,, .nobles, deputations, .Olergy,, arid all present kneel, to them shouting, !"„Lorig live the Czar." . the bry is taken up by the hundreds of thbusands. who are outside, . the . heralds Bound their trrimpbts, guns are fired and bellB are rang. Tho. Czite commands the people to rise, -and is again sur rounded by the nobles, who receive their riwords back from the Imperial hands, the Emperor saying, "It is thy country's," to which thb> noble replies, " And my Czar's." Mass is iigain resumed, . arid the Em'por'or proceeds alone to the qitar, passing through the Golden Gates Of the, Icoribstasini, ..which aro closed behind liinl, thus hiding him from view. Here, after partrik ing of. the. Holy Communion, the Metropolitan of Moscow . anointB his head, tomplo3, eyelias, lips, nostrils, oars, breasts and hands, saying— "Behold tho seal of the Holy Ghost; may it keep thee Over holy." The Gates of thp Inconos- trisini are re- opehed; the Czar appoars before them, rind is hailed with shouts of, "Thou art .verily by the, Lord anointed." The Empress ridvaneo'sto tllri sarictuary, arid kneels to her lord, who bids her rise, .and they walk out of tli'o cathedral arm iri; arm, At the door is a gilded chariot, drawn by twelve white horses, into which they enter, the princes, ' other members, of tho Imperial family, foreign monarchs, guests, &'c., entering other State chariots. Tho proces sion again forms as it did on approaching the Kromlin, and, with its now additions, moves slowly through the guily decorated town. Ac cording to an old custom, the Czar'a carriage, in stead of boing guarded by troopB, is surrounded By one hundred maidens belonging to the best Russian families, all dressed in white and lioli" day garlands of flowers. Court balls and recep tions begin in the evening, and last for a fort night, after, whioh the Court returns to St. Petersburg. 