HOBABT. . j November 30. I Intelligence received to-night of the total loss of the steamer "T«Bman," the steamer struck on a sunken reef 30 oiiles from Cape Pillar, there was just time to get the passengers and crew off I the vessel when she rapidly filled and went down. In the Police Court, yesterday, one person was charged with being drunk, and was dis-: charged with & caution, - I Wxhave received two letters from Ellen OTveely Keefie, who has been a patient In the i hospital, one thanking the people who have subscribed money to enable her to go to Bris bane for medical treatment; the other attack ing the night nurse. We decline to publish either letter, and recommend Ellen O'Keely Keeffe to make tracks at once for Brisbane. PBOFESSOK BICE gave his first entertainment last night in the School of Arts to a fair house and with great success. The expose of Jenny Holmes's triek of passing wine and water! separately out of the same jug was complete. ; The explanation was very simple. We ques tion whether this complete explanation of how the trick is done does not spoil half the enjoy ment ; the sense of wonder which constitutes the real enjoyment is destroyed. We like "to /be fooled to the top of oar bent," and theta is a pleasure in knowing that you are fooled. Professor Rice's fooling is done very cleverly, but he has no occasion to explain it all ; for when he shows how all other illusionist and spiritualistic tricks are performed, fce will raise a suspicion that his own mind-reading is a trick, if we could only find it ont. His teats io mind-reading were, io two instances, com pletely successful. Messrs. Christian, Arm strong, Peek, end Dr. Brown were selected a j committee, and being seated on the stage were ! requested to think of something in the hall | within reach, some definite thing on the walls, i or any person in tt*s hail, to form a picture of ! it. Mr. Armstrong was the first operated on. i The Professor took Mr. Armstrong's hand and | placed it against his own forehead, then they j inarched off the platform, the Professor still ( holding his hand, down the hall, and placed ! Mr. Armstrong's hand on the spectacles on Mr. O'Kane's nose. This was a good shot, and was greeted with applause. Mr. Christian was next tried, but he proved too deep for the Professor. They hunted about the hall as if for the missing cake of the Day Dawn gold, but could not find it. He gave up Mr. Chris tian, but at a later stage he succeeded' in fixing what he thought of. With Mr. Peek and Dr. Brown he succeeded after several trials. Where there are many similar objects, such as cards, lamps, brooches, and watches, there appears to be a difficulty in localising them. The clairvoyant test was also successfully per formed. Several slips of paper were given to the audience ; on them the persons receiving them wrote a word ; they were then folded up and delivered to the professor, who, seated at a table on the.stage, applied each of the pellets, still folded, to hS forehead and announced the word, in every case correctly, greatly to the wonder of the audience. The steel ring test, tile tape, watch, and key tests were success fully performed. He knotted up a silk hand kerchief and handed it roundfor examination. It was as tight as wax, yet when held in the fingers of one of the audience it resolved itBelf at once to slow music, and under the dissolving glanoes of the Professor, when placed on the table in a bally knotted tight, it gradually un rolled itself. Miss Fanny Mansden ««ng twQ songs in capital style, and jumped at .once into the arms of the audience as a favorite. The entertainment was on the whole very enjoy able, and the Professor promised to produce the ghost to night and a lot of other wonders He operated on two subjects physiognomically, and gave their mental charts, much to their : own satisfaction and to the amusement of the audience. We would recommend everyone who wishes to have a real good time of it to go and see the Professor. THE Qneenxlnnd Leader learns on the liest authority that there is eveiy probability of thp Hon. J, E. Dickson (who" is now on MB way to the colony} recelving tiie appointment of Agent-General, in the room of Mr. Archer. The office of Colonial Treasurer will theube handed over to Mr. R. JB- Sheridan, member for Maryborough, and at present Jhe fifth" wheel in the Ministerial ceach.The above' changes would, of course^, necessitate fcheelec-^ lion of a member for Enoggeta. t&\- £l FstRK Oifts i-Thencopretors of, Wofes Abomaito SCHIEDAM Scttsiprs to mduce tiie destruction, and prevont ihe im fooper use of their wrappers andlnbels and ?further protect the public ggainat fr4ud and~ deception, have endofed in tiie wrappers £1, under tiie labels on tlmquart bottles, tanCelas Ocfober, 1878,,, and continue to t ~ bay's BACKING THROUGHOUT «us, x THREE £1 ORDERS, which are drawn1 tiiex ' 1 " * "" \- enpresentation. Tofeec^p thesevnra public must be.earefnl to a£k for, and nothing but. ihe Gknudtk J&solpho; Wecnsfl SCHNAPPS, with our a.: M. rn^jbtk)., 