THAT BAU BOY AGAIN. "WELL, great Julius Casar's bald-headed ghost, what's the matter with you ?" said thc grocery man to thc bad boy, as bc came into the grocery on crutches, with one arm in a sling, one eye blackened aud a strip nf court plaster across one side of his face. " Where 1 was thc explosiou, or have you been in a fight ? Or haB your pa been giving you what you deserve with a club ? Here, let me help you. There, sit down on that keg of applejack. Well, by the great guns, you look as though you had called somebody a liar. What's thc matter?" And the grocery man t"ok the crutches and stood them np against the show- case. "Oh, there's not much the matter with me," said thc, boy ina voice that sounded all broken up, as he took a big apple off a basket, and began peeling it with his upper front teeth " If you think I am a wreck you ought to see the minister. They had to carry him home in instalments, the way they buy sewing machines. I am all right, but they have got to stop him up with oakum and tar before ho willcvcr hold water again." " Good gracious, you have not had a tight with the minister, have you ? Well, I have said all the time, and I stick to it, that you would commit a crime yet, and go to State prison. What was the fuss about?'' and thc grocery man laid tho hatchet out of the boy's reach for fear bc would get excited and kill him. " 0, it wan't no fuss. It was in the way of business. You see thc livery man that I was working for promoted me. He let me drive a horse to haul sawdust for bedding first and when he found [ was real careful he let me drive an express waggon to haul trunks. Day before yeBterdsy I think it was -(Yes, 1 waB in bed all day yesterday)-day before yesterday there was a funeral, and our «table furnished tbs outfit, It was only a common eleven dollar fanerai, BO they let me drive tho horse for the minister -you know, the buggy that goes ahead of the hearse. They gave me an old horse that is thirty years old, that has not been off a walk since nine years ago, and they told me to give him a loose rein and he would go along all right. It's theiame old horse that used to pace so fast on the avenue, years ago, but I didn't know it. Well, I wasn't to blame. I just let him walk along as though he was hauling saw- dust, aud gave him a loose rein. When we got off«of the pavement the fellow that drives the hearse, he was in a hurry, 'cause his folks was going to have ducks for dinner and he wanted to get back, so he kept driving alongside of my buggy, and telling me to hurry up. I wouldu't do it, 'cause the livery man told me to walk the horse. Then the minister fae got nervous, and said he didn't know as there was any use of going so slow because he wanted to get back in time to get his lunch and go to a ministers' meeting in the after- noon ; but I told him we would all got to the cemetery Boon enough if we took it cool, and as for mc I wasn't in no sweat. Then one of the drivers that was driving the mourners, be carno up and said he had to get hack in time to run a wedding down to the one o'clock train, and for me tD pull out a little. I have seen enough af disobeying orders, and I told him a funoral in thc hand was worth t»o weddings in the bush ; and, as far as I was concerned, this funeral was going to be conducted in a decorous manner, if we didn't get back till the nest day. Well, the minister said in his regular Sunday-school way, ' My little man, let me take hold of the lines ; and like a darn fool I gave them to him. He slapped the old horse on the crupper with the lines, and then jerked up ; and the old horse stuck up his off ear: and then the hearse driver told the minister to pull bard and saw on the bit a little, and the old horse would wake up, The hearse-driver used to drive the old pacer on the track, and he knew what he wanted. The minister took off his gloves and I put bis umbrella down between us. and pulled his hat down tight on his head, and began to pull and Baw on the bit. The old cripple began to move along sort of sideways, like a hog going t'i war, and the minister pulled some more, and the hearse-driver, who was tight behind, he said, so you could hear him clear to Waukesha, 'Ye-e-up,' and the ! old horse kept going faster. Theo theminister thought the procession was getting too quick, and he pulled harder aud yelled ' who-a,' and that made the old horse worse, and I looked through tho little window in the buggy top behind, and the hearse was about two blocks behind, and the driver was laughing, and the minister he got pale and said ' May little man I guess you better drive, ' and I said ' Not much, Mary Ann, you wouldn't let me run this funeral the way I wanted to, and now you can boss it, if you will let me get out ; but there was a street car ahead, and all of a sudden there wai a earthquake, and when I come to there was ahnut OOO people pouring water down my neck, and the hearse was hitched to the fence, and tho hearse-driver was asking if my legs was broke, and a policeman was fanning the minister with a plug hat that looked aa though it bad been struck by a pile driver, and some poeple were hauling our buggy into the gutter, and some men were trying to take the old pacer out of the window of the street-car. and then I guess I fainted away again. 0, it was worse than telescoping a train loaded with cattle. " Well, I swan," Baid thc grocery man as he put some eggs in a funnel-shaped brown paper for a servant girl. " What did the minister say when he come j to?" "Say ! What gould ho say? He just yelled ' who-a,' and kept sawing with hie hands, as thought he was driving, I beard that the policeman WBB going to pull him for fast driving, till he found it was an accident, j They told me, when they carried me home in a hack, that it was a wonder everybody was not killed ; and when I got borne pa was going to sass me, until the hearse-driver told him it was the minister that was to blame. I want to lind out if they got thc minister's umbrella back. The last I see of it, the umbrella was running up his trouser's leg, and the point came out by thc small of his back. But I am all right-only my shoulder sprained, and my legs brushed, and my eye black. I shall be all right and shall go to work to-morrow, 'cause the livery man says I was the only one in the i crowd that had any seuse. I understand the minister is going tc take a vacation on account of his liver and nervous prostration. I would if I was him, I, never saw a man that had nervous prostration auy more than he did when they fished him out of the barbed-wire fence after we struck the street-car. But that : settlcthc minister business with me. The next I time 1 drive a minister to a funeral he will I walk." _'_ 