llsefal Ohoste. . A TENNESSEE ghost comes to a lionse in Hamilton county, and rocks the baby to sleep every night. Now, then, by all the dwellers in " the nether gloom," if there is a reckless ghost of any old ancestor oE ones who would like to find steady employment at good wages in a quiet family and good neighborhood, we can give the perturbed spirit all it wants to do in the silent liue of general housework, with Sunday afternoon for itself, and one night out every week when it could go around and raise a ghostly racket with the neighbours, and haunt all the lonely houses in .the. neighbourhood What a gem of a house ' servant a ghost would be. Never' sacs back ; always invisible. The pie would come on the table as though it were sail ing through the air; the carpet sweeper would perform its noiseless functions without the howling accompaniment of * Gnah-tta-gnah na-tfca-wah- that war the place whayre the whisky is plenty whack ! fol-dhe-rol-lol!' And at night it could-: haunt all the objectionable neighbours until they fled the neighbour hood, and property would depreciate 75 j>er cent., when we could buy it in and whack up with the ghost. No lights and no fire required for the ghost's room. No private watchman wanted on *l»p. block ; no dog on the f remises. When a burglar climbed in at the window and felt the cold, clammy fingers of the ghost wiggling down the back of his neck; when he drove a ten- inch bowie knife clean through the ghost's bosom five times and the sjject.es smiles sadlly at liiin and showed him where his throat'had I^d cut, clear off nine years before, how the robber would drop his kit, and wing his restless flight to realms beyond the. farther limits of the city corporate. An<i when the door bell rang, the ghost could just stick its head clear through .the key hole and see who was there before the door was opened. And there would be no sweethearts loafing about the kitchen Sunday nights, oh no. Truly, a ghost would be a great boon to the home, and If any of our readers knows of a ghost out of a job, seud him at once to this office-Ameri can paper. FROM a private letter received from the the Lower 3Ju*dekin we learn that the Messrs Mastersou, of the Pioneer Estate, as an ex periment have commenced to irrigate a portion of their canefields. The water is obtained from a system of wells, which tdvea bountiful supply. In one veil which is only 30 feet deep there pre gp feet of wafer, and 40,000 gffllfMiB are drawp per hogr, withput "antyng the slightest, depression in the leveL Other pip iters axe about to follow the example of the Alessrs Master-ton. It may be that in a lew years the t-xtenBive sugar lands of the JJprdekin delta will he f tactically independent of taipfoU, and tberc^re ?upeijortoibee&ectB; 