FICTION. (From EuKllcb, Americans and other Periodicals) XI OS T. CHAPTER XV. THE FUGITIVE. When Corlis discovered her pursuer she ran for the opening in the cedar hedge, and, as Mrs. Rosenthal intended, stepped upon the planks, drawn partly off the well. She went down so suddenly as to be perfectly bewildered, scarcely realizing her danger until she found her descjjü'tTinterrupted by the debris of the old curb eThic having lodged on the projection formerly a partially loosened stone, hT)144^rJhml»r^'Kecovering Der wife 20 a moment, she discovered that the board which had gone down with her lay securely wedged in such a manner that she could easily crawl out on it. Waiting till sure her pursuer had gone, she crept out upon the grass and to the cover of the hedge Afraid to venture upon the street, and knowing no one with whom she could seek refuge, she resolved to go back to her former home, hoping there was some satisfactory explanation of the seemingly cruel neglect of the farmer and his wife. Across the rear fence and through the fields beyond she made her way in the darkness. The walk over the fields and the climbing of fences were very fatiguing to her weak as she was from excessive grief and her close imprisonment. When she came in sight of the great quiet house where she had spent so many happy days, she felt incapable of taking another step. She sat down upon a fallen tree to rest a moment, and watched the star-like light gleaming from one window, wondering what her reception would be A figure appeared at the window, extinguishing the star. It remained a few moments, then raced away. "They are not all in bed yet," said she, rising and moving forward. She had a dozen roots go across the pasture field adjoining the garden, Had the person at the window been looking, he would have discovered her approach by her white garments. Silas Ware was not an intellectual man, but, in his special vocation, he designed to be an intelligent one. He read his agricultural papers as a Christian his Bible. He had just finished a paragraph when a low growl from Ponto, in the yard, led him to get up and look out of the window. He noticed a white object in the distance that seemed to move. By the time he reached the fence he discovered that the white object was a woman coming to the house, A moment's reflection satisfied him as to her identity. " The wretch !" he said, " to think, after all the disgrace and trouble she's made, that she can step into her old place 1 I'll give her a hit on that But the old folks sha'n't be bothered with her she'll only break their hearts again ; I'll drive her off Iijt her go back to her husband and stick to her bargain." And so saying, he got down from the fence and boldly marched toward her. He out of this I What d'ye want here ?" he called, gruffly. " We ("have no shelter for vagrants it's no use going a ute'p'farther." Carlia stopped as if she had been struck, not know- ing whether he had assumed the authority to repel her or was acting under orders. " I should like to go and see them, at least, replied she, as be drew nearer, flourishing a stout walking-stick as when driving cattle. ' / "I suppose you would-that's natural. But the folks don't want to see you, so you'd better go back again." ?' Are you sure they will not see me ?" she asked, with calm earnestness. " Very sure, or I would not say so," replied he. Carlia remembered Robert's unmanly fickleness, and felt that his parents, sympathising with him, would prefer not to be troubled with her. A sudden great change came over. her. Forsaken, wronged, persecuted, would she die f " No, I will triumph over them all 1 The power and the will are within me, and I will conquer Fate herself. I am my mother's heiress, and I will take my mother's place in the world. My father shall know it I will brave even him. Robert shall know it I will have my own despite his beautiful enchantress I will defy my enemies, and seem to recognise their existence when I have recovered my rights." She turned away, and striking across to the road, was soon past the limits of Woodworth Farm. Under other circumstances she would have trembled in view of her perilous situation, wandering thus at night alone, without hat or wrappings, or any other indication that her journey was a reputable one. But she could not do otherwise, and so gave herself no time to think of it, Her mind was actively planning for the course she had just resolved upon. As daylight approached, she stopped to rest, seating herself on a great stone beside the road. In a few moments she heard the rattle of a carriage and merry voices, as of a party of gay young people. They soon discovered her, and she was amused almost as much as pained by the curiosity they exhibited " Do find out something about her," audibly murmured one of the ladies, addressing a gentleman on the front seat He stopped the carriage, and respectfully saluting her, asked : " Will you oblige us by saying how far it is to B-station ?" " I cannot tell you, sir," replied Cadia, with that 2SÍÍTS dimity 5d eleganCe she had seldom felt disposed to assume among her simple Country friends. " Do you live near ?" he asked, more directly, not a little astonished by her unexpected superiority. " Excuse me," replied she, moving on, " I can answer no questions of a personal character. You will find a finger-post one mile ahead." "Thank you. I meant no impertinence, miss. The singular circumstance of meeting a lady thus awakened my curiosity, and my question was only prompted by the best of motives," said the gentleman, bowing apologetically I have to thank you, sir," returned Carlia, courteously, and stepped nearer the carriage. "Since you have expressed so kindly an interest, I may find you disposed to assist me, as very singular circumstances beyond my control have occasioned my being here at this hour and in this plight." The gentleman, bowed awaiting her proposition. Carlie was rapidly and with tremulous fingers, in his excitement the unlooked for chance gave her", and clasping her pearl necklace. " If appearances do not deceive me," she remarked, holding it up in the gray light, " this is a bridal party, and she glancing with a sweet, sympathetic smile at the beaming face of a pretty young creature eagerly leaning toward her" in the bride." " Very good guessing," replied the gentleman who had been their spokesman, turning with a laugh to the conscious bridegroom, who sat beside the lovely lady in silver-drab referred to. " We had a wedding day before yesterday Now we're going to take the train for Niagara and New York city." "It will detain you but a moment," said the sweet peddler, feeling more like the little blind woman's guide than she had since the night of the railroad accident. "I am under the necessity of parting with my birthday gift. They are choice pearls-the must elegant present a bride could receive. Examine them," and she held out her hand, the little palm in adequate to contain the iridescent chain. The bride's eyes glistened as she cast a shyly fond glance at her moderate- minded husband. " Not that she wanted jewels, bat a bridal gift like that would be so nice to treasure up," they seemed to say. he slipped them through his gloved fingers as if deliberating, then smilingly held the two ends to crisp them about her neck. She leaned forward, and the snapping of the clasp was lost in a sound of snapping as when two pairs of lips meet and part Then he turned to Carlie and asked her price. She named the sum she knew them to have cost originally, and he counted her the money enough for present need. She tried to express her thanks as she took the bills, but a sudden choking stopped her voice. The light had increased so that her pure, expressive face could be distinctly read. The spokesman seemed reluctant to start the carriage and leave her " Were you going on to town, miss P" he asked, as if about to ask her to ride, " I should very much like to go to B-station, and take the train East, replied she, looking as if she would not refuse the invitation, " We can make room," said the spokesman, and be descended and lifted Carlin to the seat beside his own. As they rode on, Carlin gave a brief account of herself, omitting the details that might perchance lead to her discovery if her enemies attempted to recapture their victim. The sympathies of the young people were easily enlisted in her behalf, and before they reached the station they were her warm friends. The bride offered to go to the store and purchase what clothing she needed for her journey, thereby avoiding one means of her identification by pursuers. At B-station the young couple passed from their attendants, The bridesmaid and groomsman bade her an affectionate farewell, and returned to their home, fifteen miles beyond Woodworth Farm, They had delicately refrained from ascertaining her name, and promised that, if inquired of, they would give no information concerning her. The fugitive travelled in company with the newly wedded pair as far as Niagara Falls, then continued on alone in search of such employment as her accomplishments fitted her for, the remuneration for which she intended, should in time enable her to attempt the recovery of her fortune. Woodworth Farm was still nominally the property of old Mr. Woodworth. His creditors out of regard for his excellent character, giving him and his son an opportunity to repair their losses, left some hope in the hearts of the afflicted farmer and his wife, who had toiled so many years for the wealth so quickly lost. Ose warm, bright day of Indian summer, Mrs. Woodworth went up to Carlia's room, to take a sort of inventory of the furniture in view of its possible sale at auction. Almost the first thing her eye fell upon was the trunk containing her school- books and various articles of apparel worn during the summer before her loss. Mrs. Woodworth had never lifted the lid, but now it occurred to her to investigate its contents. The little scarlet jacket, so well remembered, lay uppermost, and the sight of it brought tears to her eyes. She lifted it to look beneath, and the memo- random book fell from its folds upon the floor. " What's this ?" murmured she, opening it at the last entry. " If I had my specs with me and read it, just to see what it would tell of her real feelings. Poor child 1 Will we never know what became of jouP" " Mother I" called Robert, from below. " Son, if you're coming up, bring my specs from the mantel," called she, in reply, hearing his step on the stairs. But he was already on the landing, and next moment on the threshold. His face was grave even to sadness. He saw the book in her hand, and guessing its contents to be of peculiar interest, he took it from her, saying : "What is it you want to read P Ah ! written the night of-'' He stopped, unable to finish the sentence and as he ran over the fair lines, his heart received a cruel wound. " This removes the last doubt," said he, with deep emotion. "She has suffered all the wrongs she feared at their hands." And putting the book in his bosom, he hastened to his own room, where he gave way to the great agony his own unjust conclusion had brought upon him, " My innocent bride-my true, devoted Carlia 1'' he exclaimed, in bitter self-reproach, " That i, who t loved you so, should have been the first to doubt J W you I" But indulgence of his remorseful grief could not long be allowed, and as soon as he could command his usual composure be sought his mother again. " Are you able appear as a witness in court f" hausted, smiling to prevent the alarm the undue question would cause. " I don't know, Robert," replied she, amazed and startled despite his coolness " My nerves are not what they were once. I thought the matter was compromised for awhile. What have your creditors raked up now?" I " Nothing-it is nothing connected with the face You remember Judge Rosenthal's visit here last summer if" he asked. " Yes, indeed. That black-eyed Cleopatra came with him intending o captivate Antony," repKa Mrs. Woodworth, significantly, I despised ti{ before I saw her, and I more than despise her in The wicked piece I" and Mrs. Woodwork's m brown eyes flashed unwontedly. " It's well you by the manhood to resist her!" " It's ill though to encounter ft wasp however i nocently as they are liable to sting," replied Robert " I am disposed to think I owe this new trouble to her. She appears unchanged- as desirous as-ever rr my especial regard. But I question if she would not contrive just such a trap as has been sprung on: me to bring me to terms," " What trap, Robert ?" demanded his mother frightened by his paleness, " I warrant they elder rest till they'd ruined you utterly !" " If I cannot prove certain dates and some transactions last summer, my case will be serious. I am charged with forgery." " Forgery 1" gasped Mrs. Woodworth, " Forgery 1 Is the arch-enemy himself let loose upon you P Oh my son, this will kill your father 1" He already knows it." replied Robert, his own distress augmented by the sight of hers, " But he seems very hopeful, SO don't be anxious for him." " What dates do you want to prove ?" asked she. " The day of my departure for Kentucky,'' " What transactions ?" " That I obtained an extension of time on my first note due White and Co., and that I arranged with the Bellvine boys for a sum sufficient to meet it." "I'm sure that is easy enough done. Your valise was packed when the judge came, and that was on the anniversary of my wedding-day. I remember for I saw you put a cross with a lead pencil before that date on the calendar over the mantel-shelf. You know the judge smiled as we talked of weddings, And the Belvilles were here that day-the next after their sale," said she. " The note was due the second day after I started South, and on that day White and Co. received a draft for the full amount. The judge's signature had been used to obtain it, Who but the judge and Aurora knew the exact amount and the day it was due P It is a plan of theirs to get me into their power. He graciously intimates that for family reasons he will not expose me," said Robert, "If you'd only marry Cleopatra he'd give you twice that sum," indignantly declared Mrs. Wood- worth, " But you shall never do that." CHAPTER XVI, A VISITOR, The Rosenthal's were once more in the city, next curiously established in the mansion which the judge had claimed upon the death of his wife, Elsie. The broad hall was dimly lighted, and all the house was dark save' the library, when, about ten o'clock, a carriage stopped before the iron gate, and a tall, muffled figure alighted. Passing rapidly up the long walk to the door, the lady, for such her step and bearing proved her to be paused a moment to take observations, " He must be there alone. The chambers are un- occupied by the ladies, who, as I conjectured, have gone to Mrs. La Ford's grand ball. Fortune is in my favor this time," Silo glided up the broad steps, and quickly opening the door, entered, and passed through the elegant parlor us familiarly as if it was her own, to the library in the wing. Arrived at the door, she stopped and listened. All was silent, except when the judge moved his chair, and she knew he was within. She then removed her long cloak, dropped it upon a chair, and adjusting her white, trailing robes throwing a thick, white veil over her head. Her hair flowed over her shoulders in a wavy mass which her veil concealed sufficiently to make its peculiar golden brownish color indistinguishable, Noiselessly opening the door, she passed in, draw- ing it close after her. The judge sat at his table absorbed in the perusal of certain documents. His ghostly visitor glided, softly as a phantom, to a position opposite him, where the dark violet hangings looped apart gave the most striking effect to the mystic tableau designed for his eyes. All was still as the grave. She stood motionless as a statue, gazing directly at him, the eyes only glowing like painted coals, betraying her humanity, Steadily, intently she gazed, and soon he became uneasy, the subtle magnetism exercised upon him drawing his attention from his paper toward herself. He glanced slowly up and started hitched his chair around, and with his back to the apparition, pursued his investigation of the documents. She stood a moment in perfect silence not the faintest sound breaking the weird effect produced by her presence. Then the stroke of a silver bell BIM other ed and distant, caused him to look round at her again. This time the phantom stood with one arm raised, and horribly significant, the bared hand outstretched, was dyed a deep crimson, the fingers seeming to drip blood as he gazed, He turned squarely around in his chair, confront- ing her with his sharp, penetrating eyes as if he would read the mystery of hades without shrinking, Yet while he sat gazing at the motionless figure, the sight filled him with an awful feeling be could not resist. A soft, illusive movement of its mist-like drapery Caught his glance, and he saw it floating toward him. This time a short, double-edged sword appeared in the crimson hand, and as the light of the shaded lamp fell on it he read in glittering lines upon the blade the word " Justice 1" He rose to his feet as if he would drive the hateful presence from him. It remained fearlessly awaiting his advance., " Lies on the honeyed lips-murder in the black heart. Thou hast consorted with a friend," came in a clear, rich, ringing voice so pure and fine it sounded like an angel's speech. Yet it thrilled through him as strangely familiar pierced his heart with a pang of terrible guilt, He shuddered and stood transfixed. " Wife-child-destroyed 1 Retribution awaits thee !" said the voice again, modified with sublime pity and grief. ?? The judge sunk back with a groan, covering his face with his hands. The phantom approached him, and saw that he was insensible. One of the documents was spread upon the table at her hand, She glanced over it, and saw that it was a deed of Vaughn House and grounds to Aurora Lieb, signed and attested, but not yet recorded. Other papers conveyed , of other portions of the Vaughn property to Amelia j s Rosenthal, his wife, e y The shapely crimson had gathered them all up, in the next moment they curled up and dropped to Bees in the flames of the grate, or Bending over the ashen face of the judge, she perceived the quivering lips premonitory of returning consciousness. Noiselessly as before, she glided to the door, opened it, went out and shut it again, caught up her black cloak, and enveloping her person completely in it, passed into the hall and back to a door in the year. Through this, which was always unfastened, She went out, crossed the yard to the Gothic cottage, and so to a side street, where I her carriage stood, having been driven to the spot after she alighted at the. front gate. Before the judge had time to recall the curious circumstance in detail, the carriage was safely out of the vicinity. Through numerous streets and far out to the ark. urbs it rolled, stopping at length before one of the most beautiful residences in that wealthy quarter. The house was bright and cosy within, and a stream flight poured down the path from the portion at which the lady alighted. An elderly matron in black satin stood awaiting her, and as she threw off her cloak in the hall, caught her two hands with an eager inquiry : g " Was all as favourable as you hoped t" s " More so, my dear, second mother, replied the unveiled phantom pressing upon the elder lady's Bolt cheek an affectionate kiss, " I have succeeded so much better than I could have expected, I scarcely / ' can control myself. Would you have dreamed I should find him reading over the deeds of Vaughn House to the murderess' child, and of the other property to the guilty wretch he calls wife P I did, But when he fell senseless through remorse and terror, I put them in a safe where no thief will find them-the fire." "Thank God I" exclaimed the sympathetic matron, fervently. " When he missed them he will suspect the startling truth which ought to crush him to the earth." " Poor man ! I pity him inexpressibly since he is to hardened as to be incapable of remorse," said the phantom, gazing upon her stained hand. " This is a kind of suffering even more terrible than mine." "Ah I I cannot think that," was the stern reply. " The world has lost through his guilt what no pangs of his can restore-the good you might have done in all those blank years." " might forgive the past did not his iniquity in the present prove him unrepentant, That he should have robbed me s. d mine to heap benefits on the guilty authors of our wrongs, is crime which it were sin to let pass unpunished," replied the lady in white, " But something has happened since you went replied her friend, with a happy smile, " Go, dress in something better suited to terrestrial existence at this season, and hasten down-you are wanted in the parlor." " What news P asked the fair woman, in a voice of trembling eagerness. " Oh, no-not what you are thinking of-our invalid has returned," replied the matron, hastening to dispel the unreasonable hope expressed on the face of the former. " The doctor I" " Yes, and quite himself again, Will you see him to-night P" " Certainly. I have been longing for his coming ever since There he was on the way. His excellent judgment will aid me greatly. But does he know I am here P Will be not be too much surprised to meet me ?" she asked. " My dear, I have been preparing him for the event, so you need not fear. But hasten, he is waiting for you.' Elsie Rosenthal-the reader has already recognised the phantom-ran up to her room to remote the disguise in which she had visited her husband, and while she is thus engaged we will relate her history from the time of her supposed burial. Mrs. Wild, in speaking to Carlin of her mother's less, said to her that she saw the coffin lid as it went down over the beautiful face in its setting of rich brown cure, shutting in the sunshine with it, A fortunate glimpse it was for the poor young wife. The light shining on the clear, full cheek, revealed a roseate color that was not there when she was dressed for burial. Her thoughtful friend stepped forward, and pretending some excuse to deceive the bystanders, prevented the closing of the casket. The clergyman, amazed by her excited manner, stepped nearer and scanned the life- like face. Both detected a movement of the' lips indicate ting returning animation. But it was desirable her husband should believe her dead for the present, and they devised a plan to conceal her recovery from those who had gathered at the funeral. The exciting race with her child which Elsie had had the day before to escape her vindictive husband had occasioned the assembling of strangers, instead of the wide circle of friends who would have stood about her remains had she died at home. The minister addressed them, stating that at the last moment, for reasons not necessary to name, the friends had resolved to postpone the interment, as they wished to take her out of the city. Mrs, Wild noted every face as they passed out of the yard, and felt certain that no one suspected the truth, and also that Elsie's acquaintances generally were ignorant of her whereabouts and condition. The next day the empty coffin in the hearse, followed by a single carriage, was driven away from the cottage, and the newspapers having spoken of her as dead and buried, she was never inquired after further. But the severe strain upon her mental faculties produced effects scarcely less deplorable than death. She recovered from her comatose state with her mind an utter blank. When beyond danger of a relapse Mrs. Wild and her husband obtained an asylum for her in the family of a humane and skilful physician in a country town, where she remained unknown to her nearest friends. Mrs. Wild's object in concealing the fact of her mother's existence from Carlie was to spare her the pain of knowing her sad condition (believing her case hopeless), as well as to keep the secret profound until she was prepared to act in her behalf. Not until the summer after the railroad accident did Elsie Rosenthal exhibit signs of returning reason' To the delight of her faithful physician, she recovered rapidly, and though the harassing memory returned clear and strong with her health, she was able to contemplate her situation, and resolve upon asserting her claims to her property, She was aware of the fate of Mrs. Wild, and believed Carlin to have been destroyed at the same time, until the return of Mrs. Houston and her husband from Europe. Expecting them, she waited till they came before undertaking to see her bus bird, to whom she feared to reveal herself, knowing his power and his wife's character. Scarcely was Mrs. Houston established at home be before Elsie went to her. She was seated in her room before the window overlooking the pleasant grounds, arranged according to her own taste, and enjoying the sweet, glad sense of being once more on earth's dearest spot, her husband with her, and her beloved son, whom they had so nearly lost, about leaving southern Italy to rejoin them reasons for deep thankfulness and the serene joy expressed to her still handsome face. A servant announced a lady de eiring particularly to see her. V "Whatnamef"asked Mrs. Houston, wonderingly. She would give no name," replied the servant. Mrs. Houston went down to the parlor, revolving in her mind all the names of half-forgotten people she had known for years, expecting to find some applicant for benevolent aid. Elsie rose as she entered and advanced to her. She was dressed in deep mourning, and kept her veil down, hoping to be recognized by voice and form before revealing her face " My dear friend," said she, extending her hand deeply move by the sight of one she had once expected would take a mother's place to her. " I knew you would not think of me, and I would not startle you by sending up my card." I know your voice," slowly replied Mrs. Houston, nearly overcome. " And it cannot be Elsie Vaughn has risen from the dead 1" " Almost literally so," returned Elsie, throwing up her veil. '"Mrs. Houston uttered a low, glad"cry,and embracing her fervently, wept and laughed and kissed her as if she was her own child. "Tell me all about it," said the leading beï^.--th>e sofa, Where they sat with clasped hands. We read all about the affair in the papers, but not being in town we could not go to sea," Elsie briefly related her history, ending with the remark : " But now I must try to get back my fortune, as, "SO far, the doctor with whom I have lived has not received a dollar of remuneration either for my board or treatment. I wish to pay him as well as live myself " It will not take us long to reinstate you in your own home," replied Mrs. Houston. " And you need be in no haste, I want you here with me. When Philip arrives we will begin business but until then we will enjoy ourselves together as if there were no false husbands or seductive women in the world." " And is Philip alive P" asked Elsie, very much surprised. '.' Thank God, the report of his death was false. We had it through a traveller in Germany writing home to the Commercial that his illness had resulted fatally." "Yes, it was so stated during the crisis in which he was thought to be dying. Indeed it was a miracle that he came through. He has been in Naples all the fall, but will come home before Christmas," replied Mrs Houston, her motherly face beaming with gratitude. Heaven has not utterly stripped me," said Elsie, pressing her friend's hand, while grateful tears moistened her eyes. "When I learned that my child was killed along with my good friend, Mrs Wild, I felt that life could never again afford The any I -iíúé"'-»H]oyiflHint- Friendless and \'^}í, ejected from the past by the vacant years of my affliction, I saw no prospect for me but of a quiet, dreary life devoted to the good of others but unfit by the sunshine to which I was bom for until my head mistake, my marriage with Marcus Rosenthal, I was very happy, and with my precious child I should still have been so. Yet, though she is lost to me, I have her memory. And I shall now have you too, so I may grow somewhat hopeful again. Mrs. Houston's eyes were dim also, hearing Elsie's sorrowful words, and thinking how a worse fate than she supposed had overtaken Carlia, " But how came you to think Carlie was killed by the railroAd accident ?" asked she. " Her name was in the list of fatally injured, replied Elsie. " But it was not true she did not die at that time," said Mrs Houston,, cautiously. " Her wounds were slight, and Philip dressed them. As it chanced we were all on the train together, and my husband and -I were with her until she was taken from us." Elsie's pale cheek flushed with excitement, " Who took her P Whither was she taken ?" she eagerly asked, " A farmer who had won her heart by rescuing her from the hands of a kidnapper, took her to his farm in-county." " A kidnapper ! Do you think Marcus was trying to get her P" asked Elsie, growing more excited, "She told us it was Alvin Gesler," replied Mrs. Houston. " Ah I I knew him. He was the instrument of Mrs. Lees, the widow, when she first came to the city. He is an unscrupulous villain. No doubt she had employed him," said Else, " But tell me Carlia's fate finally, for your words imply that she is dead." " If I can command myself, Elsie," said Mrs Houston, in a voice of deep emotion, " The story is so , painful I almost fear to tell you. It stirs my soul to its lowest depths to think of it," Elsie's face turned deathly white, and an alarming despair rose to the mournful blue eyes. Mrs Houston, fearing a relapse to her former condition, hastened to assure her as far as she could, but that was not very far. " It is nothing so terrible as you imagine, my dear, though such a mystery is always dreadful. I mean, we do not know that she has suffered any personal injury. I think she has not poor dear. It might have been worse for her to live in the power of her enemies than to die by foul means but what am I saying?" CHAPTER XVII. T H B OLD LOVE. " She has not suffered the worst personal injury, you seem to think, yet allude to some crime perpetrated to destroy her life," remarked Elsie. " What was it P Tell me the worst P Was it slow, easy poison P Why do you not tell me quickly P I can bear a shock better than suspense," and she wrung her hands in an agony of impatience. " I ought not to have spoken as if she had died or even suffered in any way, I was putting my con- jectures' as if they were facts. No ; we believe her to be dead because we cannot bear of her. If she lived, we should get some clue. But no efforts have availed us to get a trace of her since the night she disappeared from Mr. Woodworth's, Mr. Wood- worth and his wife were extremely fond of her. They sent her to Boston to school. I have the letters she wrote me during her school days, which you will delight to read. After she was graduated, she -Assigned to Springville to prepare for her marriage with the farmer's son, Colonel Woodworth, who was an old army friend of Philip's. You know Marcus' land is in the neighbourhood of Springvale, and that his summer residence is in that village, On the morning set for the wedding she was gone. She had left in the night-how or why we know not, unless we trust to appearances entirely opposed to every instinct of her pure and noble nature. My husband made enquiries immediately on our return, and learned what I have told you. Mrs. Woodworth'« letter is up stairs, The story, from their standpoint excuses them for neglecting to search for her, for they claim that she eloped with a stranger ! You and I know it could not have been, It was, in all possibility, the tola set afloat by Mrs, Lieb-for she is not to be called by any other name now-who spent the summer up there." " she may be dead then. If so, by a subtle poison has she died and I am morally' sure I know the hand that gave it-that murderess, Mrs. Lies !" Mrs, Houston had rung for her maid, who now appeared with an album. She opened it silently, and pointed to a picture of Carlia, taken while in Boston, After stud] ing it long and intently, the glow of motherly love and pride giving place to an expression of rigid sternness, the looked up, earnestly asking : " Do you believe the wicked are punished in this world for their great Bins ?" " Often, but not always," replied Mrs. Houston, wondering at her object. " Well, then," exclaimed Elsie, rising to her feet and raising a hand solemnly toward heaven, " lest he should not receive his deserts hereafter, I will trouble the soul of Marcus Rosenthal till remorse equal to his dreadful guilt awakes him to a full sense of the power of justice in this life." " Can you move a heart so hardened P" " The guilty are always cowards. I will remind him of his wickedness day and night. Hellas prospered unrebuked too long," replied Elsie. Doctor Houston arrived at his mother's house a few moments after Elsie had left it to leave at Judge Rosenthal's house the letter which so affected him. The singularly happy look in Mrs. Houston's face at once attracted his notice and excited his curiosity. He saw that she had something in her mind which she was trying to conceal until a proper moment, and never having seen her high- bred placidity so disturbed, be precipitated the revelation by the abrupt question : " What good fortune has happened to you lately ? Something rare, I am sure " " I should think SO replied she, half laughing to cover the feeling her voice betrayed. "One of the rarest events in human life. But I dare not tell you yet. How are the sick man's nerves P" " So strong you cannot excite me unless you can- realize me by refusing to say at once." " Would it startle you to bear that the dead is alive?" The doctor smiled a half-sad, half-clad smile. "Not greatly he replied. "So our poor little Carlia is found I" " Alas, no !" softly answered his mother, " Her fate is involved in ns dark a mystery as ever. But guess again you are not for from the wonderful truth." The doctor looked slowly up, fixing his grave eyes soberly on hers. " No," he said, shaking his head decidedly. " I am all in the dark again. Who has been so sick that you regard his recovery in the light of a resurrec- tion P" " Her recovery, my dear. And a second resurrec- tion. She has had, too, many years after the first, which was some seventeen years ago. The last was a few years since-a restoration to.jjej&ct; mental health." A trouWiu? Actedulous smile came into the doctor's eyes. " You don't Prïenn you cannot mean her mother ?" " Our own Elsie ! She lives-more sweet and beautiful than ever, I dared not beat her existence to you, for fear the surprise would be injurious." Mrs. Houston then gave him a minute account of all that had occurred, explaining the cause of Elsie's absence that evening. When Elsie returned from Vaughn House he was in the parlor, counting the moments till they met. It required all his strength to repress the old mastering passion, which time had not weakened, and to keep in mind the fact that she was yet the wife of his rival. At the sound of her musical voice in the hall, his emotion" caused him to reel and grasp the edge of the manner by which he stood. Soon Elsie came into the parlor. She was self-possessed and cheerful, regarding their past is dead and counting only on the enjoyment of the pure friendship which their congenial natures mutually inspired. " Philip !" she said, advancing to greet him with her old ingenuous smile, scanning his pale face with sympathy. " My dear friend, I am so happy to see you, though far from well yet, I fear." " Elsie !'' And he took her hand in both of his, holding it with silent ecstasy, gazing in her face as if he could not realize that she actually stood before him. Elsie thought of her husband, and felt convinced that his Bwoon was the result of his recognition of her, not of his terror at the sight of a spiritual visi- tant. But the doctor could not speak another word, and she broke the spell by saying, in answer to his look : "I am really no angel, but substantial flesh and blood, and very much in need of your aid just now. Your mother has acquainted you with the situation of my affairs, I believe ?'' "(shells, and I have already resolved upon the course to be pursued," replied the doctor, in his natural manner, glad to be diverted from the thoughts her presence forced upon him, seating her, and resuming his chair beside the fire. " Will not immediate action be advisable ?" she asked, " He is in haste to put the property into the hands of the two women, as I discovered by the deeds to- night." " I will see him to-morrow," replied the doctor, " and learn what degree of opposition, if any we shall meet, I should think the knowledge that you are alive would be sufficient to make him relinquish his hold upon your inheritance." " I, too, if I did not know his inveterate avarice, which will impel him to any villainy by which he can rob me," replied Elsie "Have you seen Ahin Gessler ?" asked the doctor, " or do you know anything of him?" "He is in the city." " It is well. I may have occasion to see him also." " He was concerned in the loss of my daughter." He has committed crimes that will endanger his liberty, if not his life," replied the doctor, sternly. "And I am not one of those who would assist the guilty to the rewards of virtue by withholding the evidences necessary to his punishment." "I have always believed he was an accomplice of Mrs. Lieb's, as well as her counsellor in the trials which took place in St. Louis," remarked Elsie. (To 6s continued.) GHOSTS. An attempt is being made in the old country to revive the belief in visitants from another world, and many are the wonderful stories that fill some of the journals. The sceptical mind is, how ever, inclined to adopt Scrooge's remark to Marley's ghost : " How do I know that you are not a bit of undigested bread ?" for, of all the ghost producers, a bit of " heavy" bread is the most potent. the a wonder, therefore, that people do not adopt the surest spell against ghosts by using Borwick's Gold Medal Baking Powder in making bread; for, although it won't " raise ghosts," it will raise bread in the most admirable fashion. Every wise storekeeper has it by him, and every good housewife buys it. " NEW LAMPS FOR OLD ONES I !" vide Aladdin and Judson.-)-Re-dye everything with Judson's Dyes, Regard your picture frames with Judson's Gold Paint. Re- black your fenders, stoves, etc, with Judson's Artists' Black, Sold by Chemists, Stationers, and Storekeepers everywhere. 6202 "WHO STEALS MY PURSE, STEALS TRASH, 'tis something, nothing. And has been slave to thousands. But he who filches from me my good name, sc." Who imitates the mere external form of on article, by counterfeiting the style in which it I offered to the public, perpetrates a comparatively slight wrong to him who pirates upon its reputation by using the name for some inferior manufacture. Who brands some impure compound as WOLFE'S SCHIEDAM AROMATIC SCHNAPPS "filches" from it its "good name," 6316 