northampton notes. £Fbom orb own Coeeespondent. New Year's Day at Northampton was not quite so lively as it used to be ; but, never theless, it wound up with any amount of fun. In tlie forenoon there, was a little bunt ing flying," but of sports of any description there was not the ghost of a sign. However, after 2 a.m. and up to a late hour .the Rail way Hotel'was the centre of much amuse ment, but cliiefly for tbe juvenile part of tlie community. Mrs. Hosken, the popular host- ess of the Railway Hotel, finding there was none of the usual new year's day sports, was determined not to let the day pass without commemorating the .first of January, 1883. Accordingly she invited all the Northampton children, together with any of their parents ; who were inclined to accompany them, to a picnic on lier grounds. It is needless to say that this generous call was promptly respond ed to, and by five o'clock- the large and com modious commercial -room of the Hotel was crowded, where a capital repast was laid out, and which met with good execution 3011 may be sure. After -the outdoor sports, amongst the children had subsided, anil tlie shades of evening began to fall, the commercial room was cleared, a stage rigged j and then an am- teur perfqraiance by juveniles was announced. The 3-outhful ainatcura who acquitted them selves reuiarkabty. well, must have felt proud at the large' audience before them,' for tlie room was crowded. The dayB proceedings were wound jup with -a-dance, which termin ated apparently -to -everyone's satisfaction. 1 observe Mr. Baxter's new residence is approaching completion, and will certainty be an improvement to the main thoroughfare, I have nothing fresh, as 3'et, in the mining industry -to communicate, but I trust that ere long -something will crop up that will make the "little mining village" a little livelier. Since Monday last there has been a slight change in the weather. Yesterda3 was toler ably cool and cloudy, and indicated a good fall of rain. '- January 5, 1883. 