THE EPISTLE TO THE EPHESIANS \------------- [BY ARCHDEACON FARRAR.] ( Concluded.) The letter was probably a circular letter to the Churches of Asia, and was not intended for Ephesus alone. This accounts for the ex- clusion of all private salutations, and for the generality and absence of affectionate inti- macy and personal appeal by which it is marked. It falls as distinctly as Colossians into two clearly marked divisions; three chapters being doctrinal and Christological, three chapters being moral and practical. After the salutation follows a singularly rich and beautiful thanksgiving, in which, by the thrice repeated phrase, "to the praise of His glory," St. Paul reveals that the great fore- ordained plan of man's deliverance and glorifi- cation was the work alike of Father, of Son, and of Holy Ghost. He then utters an earnest prayer that the eyes of their hearts may be illuminated, that they might fully know the wealth and the glory of their heri- tage, and the power of God in raising Christ from the dead, and making Him the head of His body, the Church, which is the fulness — the receptacle — of Him who filleth all things with all things. The second chapter shows that these privileges were in- tended for all mankind, Gentile as well as Jew, who had alike been seated in the heavenlies in Christ by grace, and had alike been built on the corner stone of Christ as stones in the one spiritual temple. The third chapter is a further exposition of this mystery of Divine predestination, ending with a prayer for its fuller comprehension, and was a brief thanksgiving. With this prayer he closes the doctrinal part of the Epistle, and begins the practical. "I, then," he says— and how vast is the significance of that word "then," building as it does the simplest of all duties on the sublimest of all truths ! — "I, then, the prisoner of the Lord, beseech you to walk worthy of the vocation wherein ye were called." That is the keynote of the re- mainder of the Epistle. The first duty which he impresses upon them is that of unity, the unity of the spirit in the bond of peace, and the unity of faith amid different gifts of grace— unity as exemplified in those virtues of lowliness, meekness, long- suffering, forbearance, which the heathen had hitherto ranked with vices. He then contrasts this, their Christian vocation, with their old heathen life, and so passes from the dominant conception of love to that of light. As Gentiles their hearts had been dark and callous ; but now they were clothed in the new nature which Christ bestowed. Let them, then, put away lying, and wrath, and bitter- ness, and dishonesty, and unclean speech, which are all sins against our oneness in Christ. And especially as children of the light let them walk in the light, and bring forth the fruits of light in goodness, righteous- ness, and truth, in the spirit of what he per- haps quotes as a passage from some very early Christian hymn :— Awake thee, thou that s'eepest ! And from the dead arise thou, And Christ shall shine upon thee. Then, lest the freedom and enthusiasm of Christianity, the new fermenting wine of the Gospel, should lead to any disorder, he especially urges on them the duties of mutual submission in the three great social relations —of wife to husband, and husband to wife ; of children to parents, and parents to children ; of master to servants, and servants to master. And since this life in the light of Christ pervades every sphere of duty, he bids them grow strong in the Lord and in the might of His strength. That exhortation brought into his mind the image of armour with which the worn and aged prisoner was so familiar. The coupling chain which bound his right wrist to the left wrist of a Roman legionary clanked continu- ally as it touched the soldier's arms. Among the few objects upon which St. Paul could daily gaze in his prison were the baldric, the military boot, the oblong shield, the cuirass, the helmets of his Prætorian guardsmen. Doubtless the Apostle, in his tender yet manly breadth of sympathy with his fellow men in all things human, often talked to those soldiers, who would forget their con- tempt and weariness when they found what a wealth of power and wisdom lay in the words of this poor Jewish prisoner. He would ask them about Gaul, and Britain, and Germany, about the stations in which they had win- tered, about the fields which they had fought. And they would tell him in what tumult the helmet got its fracture, in what battle the shield was dinted, what blow made that hack in the sword, and how under the walls of some besieged fortress darts wrapped in flaming tow had been flung down upon them. And with these images in his mind, drawn from the daily spectacle of his prison, he tells his Christians, since they, too, are soldiers— not of Cæsar, but of Christ — in what panoply they may resist the world rulers of this darkness, the spiritual powers of wickedness in the heavenlies ; the baldric of sincerity; the breastplate of righteous- ness ; the war-boots of ready zeal ; the cover- ing shield of faith to quench the flaming arrows of the wicked one ; and as their sole weapon of offence, "the sword of the Spirit, which is the word of God." In this way they were to stand fast. "Blessed," says David, "is the man that walketh not in the counsel of the ungodly; nor standeth in the way of sinners; nor sitteth in the seat of the scornful." St. Paul has taken those positions in the opposite order, and has told the Ephesians that they must sit with Christ in the heavenlies, that they must walk in love ; walk not as other Gentiles walked ; walk as children of light ; walk ac- curately, not as unwise, but as wise. He tells them now that, clad in heavenly armor, they are to stand fast in the Lord, to stand against the wiles of the devil, and having done all to stand. And then he ends with asking their prayers— not that he may be set free from his present wretchedness ; for his thoughts are never for himself, always for his Master's work— but that he may boldly make known this mystery of the Gospel for which he is an ambassador, not like the world's ambassadors, splendid in retinue and invio- lable in person, but an ambassador with fet- tered hands. He sends no personal messages, because they will be carried by the beloved and faithful Tychicus, but he ends with a blessing singularly full and sweet: — "Peace to the brethren, and love with faith from God the Father and the Lord Jesus Christ. Grace be with all them who love our Lord Jesus Christ in uncorrupt sincerity." Such then, in conclusion, is a most imper- fect sketch of this singularly rich and many sided circular letter. Not a tenth part of its beauty and wealth of truth has here been indicated. The fervor, the intensity, the sub- limity, the unifying power of the imagination over the many subordinate truths which are ever struggling for utterance, the eager and ezultant conviction which hurries the apostle onward in spite of the deeply important thoughts which crowd themselves into long parentheses and almost interminable para- graphs ; the manner in which chord after chord is struck of his harp of a thousand strings— and all of them seem to vibrate in unison before the chords first struck have trembled into silence— all this must be studied by yourselves in close and repeated study before it can be appreciated. In the depth of its theology, in the loftiness of its morals, in the way in which the simplest moral truths are based upon the profoundest religious doctrines, this epistle is unparalleled. In it you see Paul the theologian and Paul the man at their greatest and their best. He has risen as to some sunlit peak far above all controversies and all personalities ; they are like mists and rolling clouds rolling far beneath his feet. The mingled prayer and pjcan of this magnificent Epistle is inspired throughout by a sense of opposites, "of the union of weakness and strength ; of tribula- tion and glory, of all that had been, and all that was to be ; of the absolute love of God, of the discovery of that love to man in the Mediator; of the working of that love in man by the Spirit : of the fellowship of the poorest creature of flesh and blood on earth with the spirits in heaven ; of a canopy of love above, and of an abyss of love beneath which encompasses the whole creation." The Apostle would have rejoiced in the high words of the modern poet :— I say to thee, do thou repeat To the first man thou mayest meet In lane, highway, or open stress. That he, and we, and all men move Under a canopy of love As broad as the blue sky above. And, ere thou leave him, say thou this: Yet one word more— they only miss The winning of that final bliss, Who will not count it true that love, Blessing, not cursing, rules above, And that in it we live and move. One thing further make him know, That to believe these things are so, This firm faith never to forego, Despite of all that seems at strife With blessing, all with curses rife— That this is blessing— this is life. 