TIHE OLDEST MtAN. "Auno Largo," or" Long-Hid," accord. ing to thie English derivation of the Spanish word, burned himself to death at the eoal del Castillo, California. For some time the old In dian had been feeble and unable to walk. During the recent heavy rains that fell in that region the old man sought refuge in a cabin near by. Last week lie crawled up to the house of Senor Francisco l'arma and told him he was very hungry. The latter gave him a good. dinner, besides furnishing provisions for fu ture emergencies and then instructed the other Indians at the rancheria to care for him. They replied that they had always done so, as they entertained unusual rever. eae for the old man on account of his age. Thursday, the date in question, was a cold day in Lower California, and "Long Hide" was given an extra blanket by his dusky friends. This he soon tore into strips, put them on a lire and soon his " teep" or brush house, was all ablaze. When this had been accomplished, despair for the moment seem ing to seize Ilim, he plunged headlong into the burning mass. A stout young Indian near by seized him and tried to drag him out of danger, but the old man grabbed a stake in the ground near by, held himself in the fire, and before other help could come was literally roasted alive, dying within a few hours after the occurance mentioned. '.' Long Hide" was married and the father of several children when the miss ion of San Diego was built, one hundred and twenty years ago, and from what he told parties who visited him he must have been not less than thirty years of age at the time. Three or four years ago he lost a son who could remember when the mission was first built by Franciscan friars. This son must have been not less than 120 years of age. " Long Hide" told of tile first settlement of Old Town years before the mission was built, of the coming of ships for water at Rlussian springs, and many things of great interest in the past history of San Diego and vicinity. Jaun Melendrez who lives near the Real del Castillo, says lhe knew "Long Hide" filty years ago and that lie appeared nearly as old then as he did tile week before he died. He says that the old man frequently beat the best horses owned in the country on trips to San Diego, one hundred miles distant from the Real, and that lie often chased deer until they gave up with fatigue. He would then cap. ture them after they had laid down for rest. Until a year ago he was ablde to walk about and travel quite well. Since then he has been obliged to crawl about on all fours, liken cat or dog. He retained his'sight perfectly and all tile faculties of mind up to the day he died.-Sc?l Diego .ccec. DOWN' IN TIlE DAItcc. Dows in the lower levels of our mines, hundreds of feet below the surface of the earth, in the dominions of Erebus, where darkness ever holds its reign unbroken by the light of day, are found some curious growths. The grass Valley Tidings makes the follow ing mention of a specimen of this subterran ean vegetation : "On Saturday somen miners found a rather queer specimen in the 700 level in the Idaho mine. The specimen which was found among the timber, is n sort of fungus (punk, we believe the minors call it), and is just the shape of a human hand. The hand has five fingers and athumb, and appears to be in a sort of cramp ed position. It is a singular looking speci men, and may be soon at the Wisconsin Ihotel." In the lower levels of the Comstock mines \--particularly those long abandoned or un usecd-are seen many wonderful growths of different kinds of fungi." Some of these are of great size; almost filling up drifts, andseen by the dim light of zdandlo look lilkd sheeted ghosts. Down below in the dark these growths seem to striveo to imitate the forms of things seen on the surface. In one of our mines was once found an imitation of a fancifully-carved mcershaum pipe, stem and all, so perfect that it would easily be mistaktn for the genuine articleif not taken in the hand and closely ex amcinod. Some of the fungi resemble the horns of animals, and are from two feet to a yard in length, while others might pass for petrified doeil.flsh.-l'ircitia Enterprise. 