General News. A BRAVE Deed. — Some Sundays ago (says an English paper) when a gale was at its height, a large vessel, the Santa Anna, was seen to eo on the noint Luis rocks be the crew of an English vessel, who immediately gave the alarm, and set about preparations to save the crew. A terrible sea was running, and no boat could possibly live through the surf. The English boats tried again and again, and each time were driven back. The scene was heart rendering, for by this time hundreds had gathered on the beach to watch the drowning crew, for such they appeared to be, as each wave swept over the vessel, but failed, when the steward of the ship Jupiter, by name, Charles Salter, volunteered to carry the line to the wrecked ship. His captain and mates tried to dissuade him, but he persisted in his offer. With nothing on but his trousers, belt and knife attached, and the looped line over his shoulder, he entered the surf; twice he was beaten back by the tremendous waves, but watching his chance, he dived under a wave and swimming underneath got clear of the surf, and with powerful strokes cleft his way on his errand of mercy. A dead silence, unbroken except by the sobs of the women, seemed to pervade the spectators until he reached the ship, when a ringing cheer was sent after him as he climbed over the bows of the vessel, whose erew started hauling on the line brought to them. A^ large line and an endless fall were sent to them and made fast to the stump of the foremast, and hauled taut on shore ; a roughly made breeches buoy was sent off and set to work. The first to land was a boy, after which the remainder of. the vessel's crew, 32 in all were landed, the last to leave the ship was their gallant deliverer, who landed safely with ringing cheers to welcome him. The shipwrecked men were taken to various houses and cared for. A more gallant deed it would be hard to think of, and it is in tended to apply for the cross for Mr. Salter for his courage. Mr. Salter shortly leaves for Australia and we wish him every success in life. He is very quiet in demeanour, and seems to look on the whoie affair as a simple act of duty for which he deserves no praise. We are happy to say that Mr. Salter is none the wone for his two hours fight with death. Paper in Japan. — Paper is an article of great utility to our sisters in Japan. Not only do they use paper fans, paper pouches and paper lanterns, but also paper handkerchiefs, paper umbrellas, paper waterproof cloaks, paper walls, paper windows and paper string. The Japanese obtain it from a different source from ours. Instead of old rags being converted into clean paper, they make use of the bark o f the Broussonettia papyfera, stripped, dried, and theq steeped in water till the outer green layer comes off. It is cheap, four sheets of the ord inary quality being worth about one farthing. It is paper, 'that does not tear evenly; some kinds are tough — more like cloth. When required for string, it is deftly twisted into a strong twine, which in some cases is made of part of the paper forming. When oiled, it is made into waterproof clothing, or stretched on a neatly constructed bamboo frame and used as an umbrella. One kind is manufactured to assume the appearance of leather, and is made into tobacco pouches, pipe and fan-cases. The conjurers use a kind of white tissue paper in the famous butterfly trick, when a scrap, artistically twisted, hovers over a paper fan with all the fluttering movements of the living insect. The following is the salutary of an Oregan editress : — ' We have served a regular appren ticeship at working, washing, scrubbing, patch ing, darning, ironing plain sewing, raising .babies, milking, churning, and poultry. We have kept boarders, taught music, made speeches, and carried on an extensive dress making business. We can prove by the public that the work has been well done. Now hav ing reached the age of thirty-six, and having brought up a family of boys to set type and a daughter to run the millinery store, we propose to edit and publish a newspaper, and we intend to establish it as one of the permanent institu tions of the country.' Von Moltke on Volunteers.— A French writer relates, on the authority of M. Paul Lindau, the well-known author, that in a Ber lin saloon some officers were ridiculing Gam betta, his soldiers, and their battles. Moltke, with his back to the fire, and his eyes fixed on the carpet, listened very quietly, and thea, shrugging his shoulders, he said : — ' All vjry fine, gentlemen, but bear in mind that, after Sedan, and after Metz, we believe the war is over, and France prostrate, yet, for five months, those improvised armies kept usjik :heck. It took' us one month to overcome ftie regular armies, and five months to beat, con scripts and mobiles ; and when they seemed at in end, there were still more — mobs rather than regiments, if you like—but these mobs resist us. You may forget this, you who have bad only the satisfaction of victory ; but I do not forget it, I confess, nor do I smile at it, for I had the worry and anxiety of this unex pected resistance. In short, gentlemen, M. Gaznbetta's levy en masse so surprised us soldiers that this question will have to be studied during many years of peace.' A Romantic Restoration. A remarkable case of restoration to friends after supposed death has recently come to light at Gateshead. Some months ago, Joseph Kflford, a sailor, who, when on shore, resided with his, friend at Gateshead, was missing. It was ascertained that the vessel in which he had been serving had entered the river, and that he had gone ashore, but nothing further could be discovered respecting his whereabouts. A few weeks afterwards, the dead body of a man was found in the river and taken to the deadhouse at St. Lawrance. The body was too much decom posed to be properly identified, but as the do thing was evidently that of a seafaring man, Kilford's friends naturally concluded it was he. An inquest was held, a verdict of 'Found Drowned' returned, and the body was interred in the presence of Kilford's mourning friends, under the name of Joseph Kilford. On Tues day morning last, Kilford, to the great aston ishment of his friends, returned home alive and in good health. From his own statement it appears that immediately after his arrival in the Tyne, he again shipped at Tyne docks, and whilst his relatives were mourning him as dead he was in America. Simple Police Rules.— The Swiss method of dealing with petty offenders saves consider able time and trouble. A policeman who sees a publican keep his house open after closing hours, a cabman driving after dark without his lanterns lit, or a servant shaking a carpet out of a window overlooking the street, does not summon the transgressor before a magistrate, but serves him with a card, which setting forth the nature of the offence, adds : ' If you acknowledge to have committed the aforesaid breach of police regulations, you ore. to pay a fine of five francs at the police office on such a day. If you deny your guilt, you are hereby summoned to appear on such a day at the tri bunal of police, where you will have to answer my enrage.' By this system the expense, waste of time and worry involved in attending at a police court to meet a trivial charge are avoided and no injustice is done, since the accused has the right of appeal to a magistrate if he thinks he has been improperly fined. Thought he was drunk enough. — An old Vermont farmer came home drunk the other night, and became the victim of an irre pressible desire to get still drunker. So he thought he would bring out his wagon and drive over to Shelbume Falls for more whisky. Just as he was about putting the finishing touch on the harnessing arrangements, he said to himself: 'This horse has got horns!' He brought out his lantern and found he had har nessed the cow to the waggon. He muttered : ' I am drunk enough now,' unhitched the beast, and went into the house to sleep it off. ' How ARE YOU getting along,' asked a widow of her late husband, who appeared to her at midnight as a ghost. Ghost — ' Very well indeed ; much better than during my twenty years of married life on earth.' Widow (delightedly) — ' Then you are in heaven ?' Ghost— 'Oh ! no.' On a rainy morning a small boy who Vms ex hausted all his excuses for not putting in an appearance at school, opens the door and says to the astonished master. l Sir, ma says I can't come to school to-day — it's raining too hard.' Boiled Rice. -The story of the water which got into the hold of a ship loaded with rice, and so swelled the cargo that it burst the vessel asunder, reminds us of the captain of a north country sloop, who, having hired a new cook at Singapore, set him to cooking rice, which he said he had done a hundred times. Telling him that he would find five pounds in the locker and cautioning him against cooking too much, the captain went about bis business of loading his vessel with pig-iron. In half an hour the new cook rushed out exclaiming : ' For God's sake, captain, don't take on any more pig-iron ; we'll have a load of boiled rice before night.' The captain rushed into the cabin, where he found all the pots, kettles, pails, pans, dishes, and even two washtubs full to overflowing with cooked rice, which was also seething over the top of the kettle and falling off upon the stove and the floor. ? What'n thunder you been doin' ?' yelled the skipper as he glanced around. ' How much rice did you put in that pot ?' * Put the whole of it, cap.,' said the lad, 'and I've been doin' nothin' nut balin' out rice for the last twenty minutes. Where does all the stuff come from?' 