Our American Letter. SAN FKANCISCO, May 5. THE IRISH CONTENTION-. OK April 27 the "Irish. National Convention" met at Philadelphia._ At the very outset the love of disorder which appears to he inherent in every Irish breast shone out with extreme lustre, and there were chances of." the great convention that would secure freedom to Ireland" breaking up in a most undignified free fight. The convention, after much wrangle and labour, adopted a plat form which consisted of one long arraignment of the English Government, courts, and everything else English. MI-B. Parnell, tho mother of the celebrated Land Leaguer of that name, addressed the meeting, and crowned a statue of Washing ton with laurel, while the, entire conven tion yelled. They then had several songs, and the convention, " the action of which would Èènâ a throb of delight into every Irish homo and a shock of terror to the British Parlia ment and into the chambers of Dublin Castle," as one of the delegates put it, ádjourtíecl, amidst the character i vt ic amount of bio whar diam," and without accomplishing anything of importance. THE DYNAMITE SCARE. ', The terrible amount of nervousness that has been felt here by tho p ubi io over the use of ex plosives has become ridiculous .in the extreme, as some of the investigations of the latest " scares " have developed j for instance, the roll of dynamite whioh . was. placed in a Brooklyn plumber's shop, hy some reckless . Fenian, of course, turns out to have been glucose ; the four shots that so terrified the valiant guard of Rideau Hall that they did not dare stir a step to investi gate the matter until morning, were fired at a musk rat by nooturnal hunters ; the terrible in j fernal machine which "one of the finest" bravely opened at tho request of a frightened woman of New York, contained five piece} of soap j and Holland's ram, instead of preying upon British commerce, has gone into the drydock beoauso she is not seaworthy. The scare has beoonie so bad . that whenever a person sees a strange box or parcel near" him he immediately oonjurea up dreadful ideas of Nihilistic dynamite and ^mentally makes his will before he dare touch it. .?? ' ' ,;i ?;? . PLEASANT PICNICS, ~ ''<? ? ."'?.'.'. rOne of the numerous elements of plea^uro in the life of the San Francisco " hoodlum " ia the Sunday picnic, whioh is a purely American, in stitution. These picnics are held every .-Sunday during the season, which includes spring, sum mer and autumn, and are very select in their at tendance ; the only essential requisite to the en joyment of their pleasures" ia ' the : possession of the " almighty dollar " required for the faro to the park and back. They' are uBually given by some select society like " Tho Anciont Order of Hodcarriers " and! the ' like,' and . are noted for i their pugilistic encounters} and usually two or three murders' occur "at -these recherche gather ings of the' elite of " Tarflab." The season opened unusually brisk this year, when, at the meeting 'pf'the " Damflan Social Club "-a very appro priate name, by the way-arid the first of the season, a young hoodlum of this city, about 18 years old, was shot and killed by a deputy sheriff of Maine county, where the picnic waa held, because he had stolen the officer's buggy to give " his girl " and another young lady a ride, and refused to get out when ordered to do so by tho officer, who caught them after a long chase. The officer is certainly very culpable 5 but the Californians have such a habit of using a pistol upon the most minute provocation, that they think ib the orthodox thing to kill a horse-thief., IRON SHIPBUILDING. ; -' , The American merchant marine is not the finest in the world, consisting as it, does of old style wooden ships, but it.does seem" strange at this late day to ''chronicle thejaunch of the first iron full- rigged ship ever, built in this country; yet such launch took place from the shipbuilding yard of .John Roach and Company in Pennsyl vania,, about the .middle of last month. This ship is called the " Tillie E. Starbuck,", and cost about 140,000 dollars. She is not, however, the first iron sailing vessel built here, a 760-ton barque and a schooner having been built about 1 two years ago. John Roach says that this ship is only an experiment, and that if it prove suc .cëssful many more of the kind will be built. 1 ' : ' TIIB NEW.MONITORS. , .- . ' ¡The new monitors now in course of construction for the United States navy are to be really for midable vessels-something, that cannot be said about the balance of our " navy»" They are ito be provided-with turrets of steel deflecting armour, which -will be impenetrable by any missiles except those of the 100-ton guns of the new Italian ships ; bub, these turrets will have to be made in England, because .we have neither the machinery nor the trained workmen to make them, and the only guns we have to r arm these t monitors are smooth bores and small rifles ; so it I is extremely probable that we will have to pur I chase their armament from Krupp. THE PRESIDENT'S PLBASTJRH TRIP. It appears that the Executive. mansion , in Washington is troubled with nocturnal visits from the denizens of the Bpirit worlds at least so the servants of the house say; but it is very strange that these visits always occur about the time that our worthy chief m agis trate'is desirous of taking a rest from bia arduous duties. Some of the Eastern papers say that the "ghost" receives 150d0l. a month, and his board, for making , his dread presence known to the inmates just at. the time most peasant for an excursion.! But that, however, is merely a matter of' speculation. Nevertheless, the President has taken an.ex pended tour through the Southern States, and re turned to Washington in very much betterhealth .? than when he left. . He enjoyed hunting alliga tors and mosquitoes in the swamps of Florida, and really relished fishing for eels ; _at least so the newspaper correspondents dutifully tele graphed to us.,» A story -is related of him that when the steamer on which ho was arrived at a place called "Kissimme" in Florida/ Our honoured vhead, of the Executive department, coming suddenly on deck> inno cently asked a young lady member of the party J the name of the place, and when she replied -wholly unconscious of the peculiarity of the] name-he blushed, stammered, and appeared wholly disconcerted, not knowing whether shel really meant it or not ; and not daring to take up the challenge lest he should commit himself, I as all the young ladies in this glorious Republic are bent on catching our widower President and thus reigning mistress of the White House. But I would not be understood to vouch for the truth of this story, having only got it on hearsay. PUGILISTIC. Just as there was some probability of settling the mooted question as to which is the best man of the three, Sullivan, Slade or Charley Mitchell, the English champion, the great American braggart, Sullivan, has been taken ill with a hemorrhage of the lungs, brought on by fast living and heavy drinking. He became unconscious, and remained so for a long time 5 and upon recovery of con sciousness, had the last rites of the Church ad ministered to him, his friends fearing that his sickness will prove fatal. A tight has been arranged between the Maori, Slade, and Charley Mitchell, to take place on September ll, within a hundred miles of Kansas city. In the meantime Mace and Slade go to England to give exhibitions, and. Mitchell goes into active training. THE TEWKBBURY ALMSHOUSE. Governor Butler, of Massachusetts, is still pressing the Tewksbury almshouse investigation, and every day the developments are becoming more and more startling. It was proved lately that patients were smothered, to prevent them from asking for necessaries; and two tanners testified that human skins had been brought to them to be tanned. Butler has removed the officers, and appointed others ; and tho result will be the indictment of all tho old oilicers. The legislature of the State has appropriated 00,000 dollars to the almshouse. .., GREAT STORMS. A terrific cyclone has raged over the Southern States in Mississippi. The cyclone carried every thing before it, destroying villages, tearing up trees, railroads, &c;, killing over 20 persons, and injuring twice as many more. In Georgia great damage is done to the crops, rivers have over flowed and several persons been drowned. In Mississippi' a second cyclone passed over the State within |24 hours of the other, and devas tated the country in its path, clearing, a straight track three miles wide, as though it was cut out for a railroad ; 83 persons were killed and 300 wounded in Clay County alone by this storm. The scenes are described as heartrending in the extreme; churches were wrecked during service, and hundreds of families ruined and rendered homeless. SAN FRANCISCO EXPORTS. ?' 1 San Francisco stands second only to New York in the quantity and value of èxports of domestic breadstuff s for the month of Marchi and tho nine months of the official year ended March 31, 1883. From the port of San Francisco there were ex ported the last month of the year 40;863 bushels of barley, valued at 80,792dol ; and 1,849,359 bushels of wheat, valued at 2,177,455döl.' The value of the exports of wheat from-New York for March was 2,223,276dol ; for the nine months, ending March 31, the value of exports of breadstuffs from San Francisco was 2,7G3,129Jol more than the value of similar exports from any other port in the United States, except New York, Whioh leads with a value of 68,193,991dol. » DEFAULTER GRAY. , -.. : :, John S. Gray, the defaulting secretary of the Harbour Commissioners, has been extradited and brought back from Mexico, where he was cap tured. It seems that Gray was sealed up iri'a box car by the connivance of the railroad com pany, and slipped out of this city. Gray has had 49 separate charges of felony, forgery, and embez zlement placed against his name on the prison register, and has been held to answer for trial upon them. J. J. O'Brien, Gray's worthy assis tant and helpmeet, has been arrested on 13 charges of embezzlement and forgery, and five of conspiracy to defraud the State of, California ; while smaller luminaries and attaches of the office have been arrested on numerous charges. ' AN ELEVATOR ACCIDENT. . Last Saturday a horrible accident occurred in the elevator of the Nevada Bank building, on the corner of Montgomery and Pine streets, ,by which a lady lost her life in a terrible manner. The lady, a gentleman, and. the elevator boy were the only ones on board as the elevator was ascending from the ground to tho second floor; when betwoen the second and third floors the elevator stopped and refused to move> so the pas sengers, getting frightened, climbed through the loft to the roof of the elevator i whence they could reach the third story doors. The gentleman after lifting the lady up sprang, through the doors, but while the lady was trying to get through, and had. got about half-way, the elevator shot upwards suddenly, catching her head between the top of the elevator and the sides of the shaft, and orushing the skull in a space three inches wide, causing instant death. It was more than two hours before they could get at the body to remove it, during which time the whole street was blocked by an immense crowd, who wanted to satisfy their morbid curiosity. The elevator boy was also seriously injured. The accident was a very shocking one, and caused a thrill of horror throughout the entire community. The inquest was partially held on Thursday, but had to' be postponed until Monday on account of the serious illness of the elevator boy, so no developments have yet been made as to the cause of the acci dent. STEAMER BURNED. ? News" has been received of the burning of the steamer Grappler, a small steamer plying between Puget Sound and Alaska. AB the mining season opens this month, she had a large number of passengers and cargo, and 60 lives are reported i o havo been lost. ANOTHER IDOL SMASHED. A valuable discovery of old records has been made in the Treasury department. For years past it has been supposed that the oldest records of the pay department in existence were dated 1793. Recently, however, pay records of the continental establishment, from 178A to 1792, were found in dust covered files, under the roof of. the Treasury building. These books contain the accounts ef General George Washington, Benedict Arnold, Aaron Burr, Jonathan Trumbull, Marquis De Lafayette, and many other distinguished champions of the revolutionary struggle. The books show a balance due tho Government un accounted for from Washington of 161,339Jol. There is nothing in existence to show how this deficit occurred ; but it is surmised the money was lost in military operations. There is also a largo shortago in Washington's specie account 5 but this is probably due to depreciation of Con tinental money. benedict Arnold was appa rently short in his accounts 18,031dol 67c, and Lafayette's receipts did not tally with his dis bursements in the sum of 20,202Jol, Thus aro all our idols thrown down, and our illustrious and honoured ancestorsshovn to have been defaulters. In the face of the?e facts, who can blamo Gray and the rest of our embezzling public servants, when they have such an example to follow 5 and, perhaps, they may be descended from, these heroes, and thus have inherited their traits of character, and involuntarily followed in their footsteps. ? : %' '?? r THE MAIL SERVICE. \ Hebert J. Creighton, special postal, córuni ' sioner from New Zealaud, had au interview on Wednesday with the Postmaster-General upon the subject of tho transportation of / English and Australian mails. Creighton pointed out the advantage which the United States derives from the transportation of these mails across the . continent from New York to San Francisco, complained of the heavy subsidy which tho Australian colonies were obliged to pay for carrying them from San Fran cises across the Pacitic, and suggested that it would be only fair if tho United States should hear its proportion of the expense of 'thq service by contributing to this subsidy. The Postmaster General replied that he had no authority to tako tho course suegestod, but would lay the nwt''ter before tho President. '* The Eastern Press .have taken up tho matter of tho mail charges, and all favour Mr. Creighton in his enterprise, and , ex press the'opinion that ho will be successful. .' , ; , CROW QUILL. , 