??'-x ODD NOTES. BY A BOHEMIAN.' (From The Week). That division on tho motion for the second reading o£ tho Transcontinental Railway Bill last week Bettled tho fate of this Parliament, tknd there is to bo an 'appeal to tho country' jr-Wrhich, in plain English, means a gonoral ? cloction. That is what's tho matter now. Tho constituencies oro to bo asked whether thoy nro really and truly longing and yearning for this railway to ho built by a Byndi cato on tho liberal land. grant system, as M'llwraith, Morehead, and Perkins affirm, or whether it is a mistake that theso gentlomen lmvo made. You moy hot your bottom dollar, gentle reader, that it is a mistake. I hayo neverheardor read of any populous constituency over: giving tho tiniest littlo year,n for anything ' of tho kind — not a solitary yearn. On tho con .trary, if any candidate haB como before a largo constituency advocating tho liberal land-grant railway system as part o£ his political creed, ho lias been compelled to take a'back seat on elec tion day. Nothing has happened in the mean , _ timo to alter the opinions of tho constituencies. But tho Ministerial program ere includes much more than tho Transcontinental Railway Syndi cate. There is ' Coolies from British India ' and '.Kings and syndicates everywhere.' Wo aro to try to cultivate Auetralian specimens of M'llwraith's 'heroes o£ civilif ation '—Jay ? Gould, Yanderbilt, and Jim Fisk ; and if wo succeea, ^uounsiunu.wiu ior over uitor oo tne. paradiso of capitalists and plutocrats — whatovor it may be for the rest of mankind. It is a most attractive picture for the daring speculator with plenty of money or a good bank at his back; but a largo portion of the electors of this colony are not daring speculators, and they have no bank at their back, except it be the Savings' Bank, on which they can draw, on an emorgancy, to theextont of £100 or £150. On the contrary, they aro plodding men with wives and families, who are ? straining every nerve to get comfortable homes for themselves and theirs, and schooling for the boys and girls, and a bit of land or a few pounds with which to give them a start in life ?when they aro big and old enough to set ?up for themselves. People of this olass would stand no chanoe whatever against land grant railway syndicates, sugar planting syndi cates, mercantile syndicates, Indian coolieB, and that sort of thing— not a ghost of a ohance They would bo gobbled' up in crowds, or the place would be mado too uncomfortable to remain in it with all these syndicates preying upon them, some in ono direction, and some in another. The electors havo a sort of presents ment of their fate, and therefore M'llwraith and his syndicates will not find favour at the coming election!', unless I am very much mis taken. ? But it waB a clover electioneering trick of the Premier last Tuesday to propose that Par liament pass a littlo Additional Members Bill before ft diesolved. JuBtaone-clause measure to, give an additional member each to the Mitchell Mulgrave, Townsvillo, and Fortitude Valloy electorates. As Mulgravo returns tho Premier it was fair to assumo that ;if allowed to elect another member it would not stultify itself by choosing an opponent of his. Tho Mitchell, Townsville, and the Valley, if loft alone, wore not likely to return transcontinental railway syndicate members ; but now tho Promior has secured their support, bo he no doubt hopes and belioves, by having thrown on the Opposition the onus of partially dis franchising them. Bealtio has for four years past been bringing in bills to get an additional member for . the .Valley and during tho whole of that time has toon laughed at, ohaffod, and bounced out of getting it passed by the Premier and his supporters. Off orchead, while a momher of tho Assembly, ,iros the bitterest opponont of an additional member for the Valloy that there was in tho House ; but now that ho expects the Valley '? electors willchooso him as thoir representative in that Eoueo, it is necesnary to make things pleasant there — which his chief has done by ' bringing forward this little , . Additional Members Bill, and getting it rejected by the Opposition. Noither Boattie nor any other Liberal candidate will now stand a shadow of a chance against Morohcad in the Valley. Tho Roman Catholics, tho tradesmen [and shopkeepers, great and email, and all the labourors and artisans in that quarter of the city who havo not yot joined tho Blue Bibbon Army, aro, so I am assured, already pledgod to support Morohead ; and tho refusal o£ the Opposition to pass the bill to give them another member has mado the latter take tho pledge over again, seyoral times, to .support nobody but Morohead. If the same,. or a similar, effect can bo produced at Bunda berg, Townsville, Arnmue, and ? Blaokall, that will go a good way towards winning tho elections. It is quite clear that tho Ministry do not1 moan to loae if the thing can in any way bo pre vented. They will not stick at trifles. Kissing electors' babies when their little noses have .been wiped is bidding high for-, votes, but this ias'already D'eon-surpaesed. .VThe Minister' for Xands gave a champugno lunch to bis subordi nates in the lands Office lost Saturday after noon, and mado a nice speech, to them and drank to their good .health with a display of sentiment and feeling .that verged on tho painful— before th'e, champagne was quite finished'. TC dm assured, on good authority, that some , of the junior clerks expected every minuto to see the Ministerial head of their department fall on the neclcs of somo of them and kiss them in proof of tho intonio affection he' bora them, and after it was all over ho is said to have 'gone out and wept bitterly at the recollection o£ harsh words ho . had used to ono or other oE those subordinates during the last four years and a half that ho -las been their chiof. It was as much as Moro Tiead could do to ? pacify him aftor adjourn ing to tho nearost hotel and sampling the sodawator Boveral times — his feelings ,, ?wore,,, worked, .up -to t. that dogroe. How this seoinB to bo carrying electioneering to a ridiculous pitch of extravagance. To give 'the fellows a boose of champagne, if tho liquor was good, as no doubt it was— just to bIiow there was no coolness, you, know — was very kind of the Minister for Lands, but it places tho other Ministors in a rather awkward fix, ospeci. 'ally tho Colonial Troaauror and tho Postmaster ' 'General, as thcao gentlemen havo sach an awful crowd of officora undor thqaj, , Fancy- the! whole, of the officors of the Treasury, tho; Customs Department, and tho Inland Bevenue officors all assemblod together and getting as much champagne as they could stow away- comfortably — and poor, Miy Archor ?to 'stand tho raciot;' or tho offloors of tho; Post and Tolograph HopurtmontB with Moro ', head for tho 'victim!' These Ministers might aleo bo expected to shed tears at such a i gathering - but it would bo at tho thought of tho big eho-iuo it would require to sottlo tho bill. For thoso reasons I think 1'orkins did: quite qb muoh harni as good by this display of gonerosity towards his subordinate oflicors.:. It may mako him popular, personally, although champagne pnpulnrity jb very oTanpecont, but it will be at 'the expense of his colloagucB to a certain extent, unless they go and do likowifle, .whioh, as I before said, will ; involve, a sorious draw on the Ministerial salary. I am gravely assured by ono or two of tho Ministerial 'organs' that tho refusal of the Imperial Gtovernmont to ratify, tho annexation of Now Guinea by Queensland has created auoh a profound sensation of disgust and indig nation among tho people of this colony, that their loyalty has received a aovoiM, i£ not a fatal, blow. Broad hints as to the advieablonoss of federation, if not separation, from the mothor country have boon thrown out. .This rather alarmed me, because I 'have no desiro to severe my allogianco .. to , tho . British Crown, and do not_ hankor of tor Australian fodoration. Tlw idea of a fedoration in which Queensland will havo Melbourne for a fedoral capital, and Graham Borry, Sir Bryan O'Loghlin, and mon of thai kidney, ruling our destinies, in addition to M'llwraith, Porkins. and Co. at this end, has no attraction for m». Even the chanco of being able to purcha-o Vic torian mado slop Roods, or other Melbourne manufactures, at something leis thanl now pay for tho Queensland mndo nrticlo in tho Bame linei is not a temptation to mo. I havo a fixed idoa that tho longor.we Q.ueonslanders ran put off Australian federation tho bolter it will be for us. Feeling this way, I havo been looking anxiously round for manifestations of this popular indigration and disgust at not allowing thi- colony to annex New Ghiinoa — and I cannot trace a vestige of it anywhere out side the columns o£ tho newspapers referred to above. If such feeling really oxiBt, tho people of this colony havo a way of disguising their sentimentB and repressing their emotions to which the reticence and dissimulation of the Turk, the Hindoo, or the Heathen Chinee is ' not a circumstance,' as tho Amorioans say. And yot up to tho present time the people of this colony havo not been noted for traits of character or this kind. On tho contrary, they havemadeno effort to disguise their feelings and sentiments on public questions on which they felt and thought strongly. There has been no public meeting, no manifestation of any kind, nor at tempt at it, to show the public anxiety to possess Now Guinea. I spoke to several of my friends about it, I have written to others, and tho answers I get all amount to this — that so long as the Imperial Government takes steps to pre vent any other power from annoxing New Guinea, Queensland is a jolly sight bettor with out it than with it. ' Them's my sontiments.' 