THE GHOST ON THE DOCTOR'S DOORSTEP. (A TRUE SSTORY.) "Last Christmas Eve is a twelvemonth it was, sir, if I remember rightly. The missus, you ee, had been laid up for a week or two through the cold weather, and there h.d been a deal of extry work, along er busted ptpes, carrying up coals snd spam time helptag with the baby-linen. I had fallen asleep over the kitchen fire, after tak ing up master's supper-a chop which I remem ber he said was burnt up and quite spoiled, though I'm sure thatit was that raw and red, the cat would hare looked atit twice, much more a Christian. Well, suddenly I was awoke by the bell a-ringing fit to break, and master a hollering out like mad, ' Bridget, BridgetI put on your bonnet and run round to -Dr. Peruils, the corner house at the top of the next street up the road. You will hatv to ring the night bell, and then ask hini to come round at once to your minsus.' "So off I ran to the doctor's, all out ofbreatb. It being veey dark, I rings all the bells I could lay.hands on; but no oe answers the door, so rings again, harder like, so that there could not be any mistake. Well, no one comesdown; but suddenly, right by my side it seemed, a voice says, that sharp and eudden, ' What the devil do you want noru Nobody is dead to-night, is there?' I looked round all of a perspir.lion, but thee was no one on thie doorstep, not even a policeman in the street. With one awfulshrlek, and my blood a-cunlline, I tore hack and told the master what had happened-thatl had heard a ghost! He called me a fool, used bad langungo, and gave me a week's notire, mutter ing as he went out something about not know ing the doctor'c pipe, as if I did not know the smell of a pipe or a cigar if the doctor had comea down smoking (a hich he did not). '" Well, sr, there were twins that night-but they was born dead I I aln't afraid o" black heetles, but I don't want no more haits aon the doctor's doorstep on Christmas Eve, not if I known it. .at what was It master meant about pl r ia what puasle ine ta tih day. 