PUBLIC MEETING AT FOOTS CRA Y. DIFFERENCES OF OPIXION OVER THE PROPOSED ALTERATION OF BOUNDARY. A well-attended meeting of Footscray ratepayers took place at the Koyal Hall on Thursday eroning. About 2'JO persons were present. Mr David Mitchell (Mayor) occu pied the chair, and in opening proceedings tersely gave the reasons that had given rise to the passing of a resolution at the Council table. Ho then invited any ratepayer who felt himself constrained to speak on the topic to ascend the platform and express an opinion. 1 he hrst to avail himself of the solicita tion was Mr Harris, auctioneer. Unfortu nately this gentleman had not the good taste to exclude all personal feeling from his address. He had to inform them that they had met to discuss an important subject, and one which he hoped would not occur again. He thought the action of the Council pre mature- The bills were only stuck up the day previous. He considered it a great insult to the ratepayers, as the subject was one requiring most careful consideration from two points of view. They would shortly have a Metropolitan Board of Works established, and the whole of the rates gathered distributed over a radius of ten miles, so that they would not have to keep the Swamp road,andlhisBoard would. There was another thing. The Council in not taking the advice of their solicitor, had acted illegally. So that even if the vote were given to hand this territory over to the City of. Melbourne it could be upset. What would be the consequences? The rates for the next five years will have to pay the cost of litigation, and petition after petition would be sent in to set it aside. It is like Esau selling his birthright for a mess of pottage. The City Council too would be £100,000 in pocket. It was not only the Swamp road they would take, but the adjoining land. They must think of the rising generation, and what they will say if next Saturday they voted for such a course. The plea raised for all this was that the Swamp road was expensive. The reason is it was badly managed. (Here the speaker vituperated the Mayor and Council.) In continuing on the question the speaker again pointed out the Metropolitan Board of Works would benr the expense of the road, and the Harbor Trust would take the remainder of the land. He knew the reason the Council secret, it was simply to benefit one of two." Look at the revenue they would lose. In a few years the now idle river would be crowded on its banks with warehouses. He ventured to say that three fourths of the ratepayers knew nothing of this meeting. He hoped they would vote on Saturday for retaining the land in the borough of Foots Councillor Truman next rose, and also exhibited a similar taste to Mr Harris, pay ing that gentleman back in his own coin. Owing to the thick low tone in which he addressed the meeting his utterances were almost inaudible where the reporters were sitting: He was understood to reiterate the opinion he had expressed on the matter at the Council table. Mr Chalmers was glad to see respectable ratepayers theie and not 'boohooers.’ The first thing they had to consider was the action of their Council. They were not usually a quick body, they generally took good time over trivial matters, but one of importance they settled in a week. Had the Council appointed legal advisers, for which the rate payers paid, and then over-ruled their advice? He had noticed Gillolt and Snowden's opinion closely, and agreed with it. (This speaker then indulged in a tirade a gainst the Council.) He contended that it was impossible to put a value on the river frontages. What did the City Council want of it ? From time to time that body had been anxious to get a site for their noxious trades. They first settled on Fisherman's Bend, but if they could get this part in, the trades would be no trouble to the city. If the City Council did succeed in this then Footscray would be thoroughly helpless. (The speaker here reverted to the limited time given to ventilate the subject. This forced a reply from the Mayor that ten days would elapse from the first intimation to the polling day.) In concluding, Mr Chalmers advised the ratepayers to keep hold of the portion sought to be severed. Mr David Newell thought it was the most important matter ever spoken of in Foots cray. Whatever the Council had done up to the present he believed they had done for the best, but in this they had made a mistake. He thought the portion the City Council had agreed to take most valuable. As he hoped to live to see Footscray second to no borough in the colony ho objected to the taking of the land on the east side of the river, and at a later portion of the meetiug would he prepared to move a motion based on that o bjeetion. He was as certain as he stood on that platform that the Metropolitan Board of Works would be formed, and then nil lands within a radius of ten miles would have to pay a small rate, say three-pence or sixpence, while the revenue derived from the Yan Yean and licensing of hackney carriages, &c.;, would make the proposed territory of more importance than it the Harbor Trust got it. £150,000 would keep all the main roads in repair. Not alone would this Board have the roads but also the sewerage and drainage under control. What position would Footscray be in if it handed over the Swamp road ? £100 a year out of pocket. He advised them still to stick to it, so as to recoup in the future what they had lost in the past. He depreciated the taste of previous speakers going into personal matters, and hoped that Councillor Truman had labored under error when he asserted that nineteen ’ out of every twenty in the south ward would vote for severance. The intention of his motion was to postpone taking the pill'On Saturday. If it were taken justice would not be done. If the matter had been properly ventilated there , would ./have .been, no.' 'necessity for the poll. A gentleman who stated he followed the i humble calling of driving a horse and cart, and who uas dubbed by the knowing ones 'j Abraham,!’, heie ,entered into'an . elaborate irrelevancy about hoodwinking. In speaking to the question1 he advised ] the- ratepayers to close at. onco .with;; (he offer of the City Council. It was a glorious offer, and they should not bo^givena- ghost ot a show to gb back on it. It would enhance the value of the borough and give new tone. ail- W. ar. Clark said the question was one that had given him considerable thought. For years he had advocated parting with the Swamp road, but recent occurrences had altered his opinion and he now believed it behoved them to deal with the matter cautiously and deliberately. He was sorry to sec personal motives introduced. Speak ingof bis personal experience of the Council, individually and collectively, he never knew a body of men work harder. Since he had commenced to represent them in Parliament —five years—he bad been continually begging from different ministers for money for this road, and he knew that the time the Mayor had lost in a similar manner, if added together, could not have been less than two months. It therefore ill became anyone to vituperate. As he had previously said, up till recently he had been in favor of parting, but the functions of the proposed Metro politan Board of Works had altered his opinion somewhat. (Mr Clark here pointed out that the total revenue derived from the Swamp road was £3G1 lGs Gd, to which could be at present added the Government subsidy of £300.) To the latter they had no assurance that if. would be continued six months longer. He considered to keep the road in repair would take some £000, and as he had been assured by the Ministry that the Metropolitan Board of Works 3ill would be the first passed next session, they would only have to keep it some fifteen months longer The whole question would apply as to whether its provisions would embrace a whole or deferential rate. If the latter he udrised getting rid qE tlie Swamp road. The speaker concluded by advising postpone ment of the question to admit of deeper consideration. Mr SalmoD, in n hearty, vigorous, sensible speech (in fact, the speech of the evening) took the opposite view, and supported, with an excellent amount of logic, the action taken by the Borough Council. With biting sarcasm he referred to the speakers who allowed their personal motives to get the better of their judgment. He likened the question to a Scotch thistle—take a fast grip and the sting is lost. The Swamp road was the mill-stone that hung round the municipal neck, the sponge that sucked up the resources of what should go towards good footpaths and roads. There was no guarantee that this Metropolitan Board of Works Bill, so greatly talked of would pass. He would refer them to the Mining on Private Property Bill that had been twenty years drafted, or the Deceased Wife’s Sister Bill, of the old country, fifty years in pass ing. Now to look at a good reason for the proposed concession. As they were now, they kept Melbourne from them owing to the existence of that stink- pot (West Mel bourne Swamp.) Besides, according to an authority the territory did not belong to Footscray, it belonged to West Bourke, and the residents Toted in that constituency. He contended, notwithstanding it had been held to the contrary, that ten days was ample time for consideration, and that although the Council had no power to hand over the road, the action they had taken was quite constitutional. Mr Newell here moved, seconded by Mr Harris, “That this meeting is of opinion the action of the Council in calling a poll of the ratepayers on Saturday next is premature, and that the Council be requested to post pone all action till after the passing of the Metropolitan Board of Works Bill.” The mover supported his motion with a few reasons. Mr Waters also supported the motion. He drew a picture of the future canal with its warehouses and £40,COO or £50,000 of revenue. They must remember that in giving away the Swamp road they parted with a large and valuable area. Councillor W. Mitchell briefly recapitu lated his reasons expressed at the Council alter his opinion. He would suggest that with regard to the polling that should opinions for and against be equal that further meetings should be held all round the district. He contended that the revenue derivable from rates in the south ward should be- expended for the benefit of the residents, and not on the Swamp road at all. He confessed himself still in the dark as to why the City Council appeared so anxious to close with the offer, but disclaimed, as the instigator of the matter, any personal motive. Mr Hopkins, who was similarly troubled as Councillor Truman with a small compass of voice, was understood to move an amend ment to the effect that the poll be taken as proposed. Another ombyro orator here well-nigh tired out the patience of those present by telling them that very few know where the boundary was. Said he further “ Give up the Swamp road but not tho river frontage.” Mr W. M. Clark, M.L.A., proposed as an amendment on that of Mr Hopkins, as follows :—“ That whatever be the result of the poll on Saturday, the Council postpone any further action until they have again consulted the ratepayers.” A vote of thanks to the Mayor, and a short address from that gentleman, concluded the proceedings._ 