DONAl GRANT. BY GEORGE MACDONALD. ; i Author or Ai.ec Forbes, Malcolm, Ik., &e;«' Chapter XXXIII. — (Continued.) Mrs. Brooks was silent, nnd for some time not a word was spoken l>y either of the listeners. At last Donnl spoke — " It is a strange story, Mistress Brooks" hq said, " and tho stronger that it would make ua uvuc.b buuiu Ui iiiuuuitauty oi uic otnes World remain at least as silly as when they left this one. That is a terribly dreary thought with regard to a large proportion of the human race." "I canna say naothing anent that, sir," answered Mrs. Brooks ; "I'm no accountable tvi nuabOMi wc uittwu iriAc Lujr uwur true iuiu ; an' doobtless, sir, yo ken far hotter nor me— but wliaur ye see sae mony folk draw oot a long life here, and never ae sensible thing, that they oould help, done or said, what for shonld ye won'cr that noo an' thnu ano i the ither wnri ahaws himsel siclike 2 Whan ye consider tlio heap o' folk that dees, nnd how many more there must he in the other world than in this, I confess for my part I wondor more that wo are left nt peace at all, and that they comona swarmln' aboot us i' the nicht, like black doos. Yo'll maybe say they canna, an' ye'll maybe say they come ; hat sao long as they plagne me nae waur nor oor froen' upo' the tither side o' tho wa', I canna say I care that muckle. But I think wMles boo thae ghaista maun lauch at them that lauchs as gien there war nae sic orators i' the wnri' I For my pairt I neither fear them nor seek til them : 111 bo one mysel' afore lang ! only I wad wnss to gang in amo' better behavot anes nor them that gangs aboot plaguin' folk." " Yon speak the best of sense," said Donal; "but I shauUl like to understand why the poor banged fellow should have such an objection to having Ms skull laid iu the ground i Why has he such a fancy after his old hones ! Could he have been so closely associated with them still that he could not do without tho plenty of fresh air they gob Mm used to as they hung on the gallows ? And then it was only his head ho cared about having above ground ! It is quite bewildering 1 Wo can't believe that our very bones rise again — evoa if Paul hadn't told ns the contrary I Why should the dead haunt their bones as if to make sure of having thoir own again 2" ' "Bat," said Mrs. Brooks, " hoggin' yes, pardon, sir, hoo do yo ken what they ken i Ye may ken better, bnt maybe they dinna i for haena ye jist ollood that sic condua' as I baa been doscribin' to ye can be naething bat foolish, wliithor done i' tho streets by rowdy laddies, or F the boose by cratnrs ye cannh see. '1'hty may think they'll want their banes by-an'-by, though ye ken better ; an' what ever yon wise folk may think the noo, ye ken It's no that lang sin' o' body, ay, the best o' folk, thocht the same ; an' there's no a doobt they a' did at the time that man was hangt." " But why his head more than tho rest of his hones 2" " Wool, sir, I'm thinking a ghaist, ghaist though he be, canna snrely be i' twa places at ance ; aae he couldna weel luik efter a' his banes when they war dividitan' separate ; hut, kenuiu that, when he was alive, the heid seemed Bomehoo o' tho first consequonce, he micht weel think he wiid stick by that, an' dircc' a' Ms energy to keep at least an e'e upo' 't. An' stickin' by't sao lang, lie was the less wullin' to loso sicht o't. Ye see it canna ba sao mony gliaist3 that hao the chance o seein' sac muckle o' their banes eftcr they're <leid, as this anc had; it's nae sae mony o' them liao ths preevilege o' linking upo' the body bclongin' to them as it swings an' sways, Infeckiu' the air, au' sayin' to tliemsols, yon s mine i An' thii snmo ghaist that was sao fond o' his nin aula carcass, an' sao sorry for't, heukit up there in disgrace an' him free, micht weel hae a' cat like nature for stickin' to places too, on" sae may be likit tho cellar whanr lay tho wine, aa in ither cases wo hae h'ard o'ghaists hauntin tho places whaur used to be their gowd, an ithera the places whaur their warst Bins war committit. Mony's tho story I could tell you that hoosckceper, honest woman, tclled to me; for what had come an' gaue set her openin oot hor pack, an' I believe I could hand ye there a' tho nicht tollin' ye ane after anithcr o' them. Bnt it's time to gang to oor beds." " Well, I won't ask you for any more to night," said Lady Arctura ; "but ire must now tell you something I Only you must tell no body just yet | there are reasons. Mr. Grant has fonnd tho lost room I" For a few moments Mrs. Brooks stud nothing. Sho neither paled nor looked in credulous ; her face was simply fixed and still, as if she were thinking of something to put alongside of what was now told her. At but, " Then there aye was sic a place 1" sho said, " I waa aye o' the min', on' mony a timo thocht I would luik for't to please mysel' ; but the richt time novcr cam. Sic a place heln', it's sma' won'er wo should hear soon's on' raps an, aicliko aboot the hoose 1" " You will not think differently when w<j tell you what wa found in it," Baid Arctura. " Tliat was why I asked you to let us cdmo to supper with you ; I wa3 afraid to go to hod for thinking about it." " You're been into it, my lady I— And what did you see 2" asked Mrs. Brooks; trith grow ing eyes, " It is the old chapel of the house ! : I have heard there is mention made of it in some1 ol the old papers in the Iron chest. No ono, t suppose, ever dreamed that the room they, told such storleB of could ho the chapel T Yet what should we find there but a bed ! ' And in the bed no t the skeleton but the dust of a woman I I'PubllBhodbyspscial arrangements with ths author)' All rights rosorvod. . and on the altar lay another dust, that of a \- very little ohild 1" "The Lord bo aboot us ! an' atwcon's an harm I" cried tho housekeeper, her well sea soned composure giving svay at last ; " ye saw ' Itkat wi' yor alii e'en, my lady 1 Mr, Grant ! hod could ye lat her leddyship see sic things ! ! I thouoht yo wad hao had mair sense !" " My lady has more sense than yon seem to think, Mrs. Brooks !" returned Donal laugh- Ihj a little, but almost wishing she had not been with him. " I had no right to go with- but her ladyship if she wanted to go." " That's varra true ; but eh, my bonny bairn, sic sichts is no for you 1" ! "I ought to know what is in my own house !" said Arotura, with a little involuntary — 'shudder. " But I shall feel more comfortable now you know too. Mr. Grant would like to have your ndvico as to what we ought to do with the — the remains. — You'll come and sea the place, Mrs. Brooks ?" ! " Yes, surely ; when you please, my lady — drat not to-night — you do not mean to-night 5" i " No, certainly ! Not to-night. I wonder \- if any of the noises .we hear in this house aro made by ghosts wanting to let yon know their bodies are ?iof buried yet ! There are some that want to be buried, I Buppose, though hero and there one may not !" i " I wouldna wonder !" answered Mrs. Brookes thoughtfully. "What would you have ns do with tho ;C dust ?" asked Donah "I would have yon bury -it as soon as pos sible." i "That is certainly the'natural thing ! The, hnman body iB not in any case to be treatod as 1 , loss' than sacred," said Donal. > "WhanTwasin Englanl," said tho house- keeper thoughtfully, " I used to hoar theiu say \- a heap - aboot bein' buried in consecrated gr'un', but to my min' I ayo thocht it was \- the bodies o' God's handiwork that conseora ted .rtho gr'un', . no the bishop. Whaur the Lord lays dooh what ho has done wi', that wad aye be a sacred place to me. I daursay Moses, srhan he oam upo1 't again i' the desert, luikit upo' the ground whanrstood the burnin' bush, \- as a Bacred place, though the lire was over sac lang oot o"t ; thinkno ye, Mr. Grant ?" ! "I do," answered Donal; "but I think : there's a hotter way of thinking still, to which that may be the stepping stone ; we cannot learn everything at once 1 X do not believe tho Lord Jesus thought one spot on tho faco of the earth more holy than another; every dust of it was his father's, neither more nor less, Wd existing only by tho thought of that father. : £ think that is what we shall come to. The \- - jdiapcldonn there has been terribly desecrated by the cruelty of man, but not by the presence jhere of the dead, left to moulder away thero lor centuries ! Do you think we should bury )them where they lie, or carry them out, and bury them in the garden or the churchyard ?" | " I'll turn tho thing ower in my min', sir. I .wadna n-illin'ly hao a heap o' clash i' tho country-side about it. Efter an' a' they war yer ain forbears, my leddy ; an' sic things are 08 weel forgotten ; for lye ken, my leddy, there' r \- a gay look o' ill stories aboot the hooso i1 the pnldtimo! An' syne what would tho, earl , say? It miclit upset him mair nor a bit. But r OS I say, I'll consider o't." " So the thing was left for the meantime. . . jpor.al accompanied tho two to tho door of their chamber, and then betook himself to tho v - - high places of the castle, wliero more than Once, .. . Jn what remained of the night, he woko fancy - \- . .lug he- heard the sounds of tho ghost music i sounding its coronach over the strango bior : , i ' down below. '.a-; , . Chapter XXYIV. r ":Pnpa is very ill toiday, Simmons tells me," . : said. Davie, as soon as Donal entered the room \- in the morning. Ho says he has never Been 'a .him so ill. Oh, Mr. Grant, I hopo he is ' not going to die !": ",t: -." I : hope not," returned Donal, -not very " sure, when ho thought about it, what he had meant when he snid it, for lie could not think -' there was hope 'of his getting hotter on this .side of. some awful doom ; and. why tbenshould ' be hope lie -was to go on living ? ' : ! " X wish you: would talk to him a3 you do to I j me, Mr. Grant !" resumed Davie, who, like > many auothcr, was. ready to think what had 1- -.been good forbim?elf mustbegoodfor any and 's everybody else, "I should like, if ho wished it," replied Donal, " but if he did not, of course I could . pot, neither would it be of any use. Do you think it would, Davie ?" "Oh, sir, 1 don't know! I only wish ho ; : prould listen to what you could toll him ?" The boy may have dropped something to that end in his father's hearing — I do not \- know ; lie wa3 witli him, and sat by his bed- ' pide for a good while between school hours that day, but it is difficult to bolievo that liia father would hove listened to any such wish c.- expressed by him. He may, however, havo "dropped Bomo word that had set his father thinking ; for, however helpless in any high . sense, the earl's mind was far indeed from being inactive. However this may bo, in tho afternoon the butler brought a message to -Donal that his lordship would be glad to see ; bim when school was over, and Donal obeyed the summons. Ho found the earl looking very weak, but more like a live man, he thought, than ho had seen him. He pointed to a seat, and when . Donal had taken it, began to talk in a way \- that considerably astonished him. "Mr. Grant," he began, with not a little ; formality. "I have known you long enough ..jjlo know you really, or at least to believe I do. r,,, I find myself partly from tho peculiarity of , ..my position What does ho mean?" V , thought Donal—" partly from tho strange state .of my health, and also from tiio fact that my \- r ; views do not coincide with those of tho leading y.<.'men,in:tho Church of Scotland — I was brought up in the Episcopal Church, and there is no clergyman of my own persuasion within roach " of the castle — I find myself, I say, for all these reasons, desirous of some conversation \- ..-with you- upon certain matters, more perhaps . . for the-sake of identifying my own opinions -than with the hopo of receiving from you an ,. -enlightenment which it would bo unreasonable Yo look for from one of your age, or youth . rathen" V.. . Dona field his peace ; he had nothing: to "say ; hot merely because nothing enpso to hiln, ...but because tho-very power of speech seemed "9 taken from him. The causo of this mental obstruction seemed to himself his uttor want .- t'of confidoiico in the man who spoke ; and cer- Zj. thinly nothing can, nothiqg ought to be suoh a y.Vquehoher'of speech as lack of faith. . Butap- . Vparently tlie earl had no suspicion of his !— distrust, for bio 'went oh as if with never a doubt of his listoner's being ready to take any position towards bim he might require of him.; " I have long been troubled," continued his lordship, " as to a question of whioh ono might think the world would by this time be weary, but which yot lias, and always will have, ex traordinary fascinations for minds of a certain sort — of which, I need hardly say, my own. is ono. Tho question of tho freedom of the will: — how far i'b the wilt free ; or how far can it be said to bo freo, consistently witli tho notion of a God ovor all ?" . . Hero he paused, and again Donal sat silent — so long silent that his lordship opened the eyes which, tho better to enjoy tho proeess of sentence making, ho had kept shut as ho spoke, aud half turned his head towards him. Donal seemed to read on ins faco tho doubt, whether ho had ever really seen him by his bedside, or it might not have been one of the many visions he was so often unablo to dis tinguish from realities. But ho seemed re assured by the glance, and resumed, " I cannot, of course, expect from you such an exhaustive aud formed opinion as I might from an older man who hod made metaphysics his busiuess, aud acquainted himself with all that had been thought , upon the subject— in particular by . the schoolmen. At the same time I do know, from what Davie has let fall, that you must have expended an amount of thought on those matters greater than usual in a man of your years." H!e talked, in a quiet, straight-on way, almost without inflection, and with his eyes closed, as if lie wero readiug a book inside him". " I havo had a good deal," he went on, " to shako my belief in the common ideas on these points. Do you really believe thero is such a thing as-free will V" He ceased, awaiting the answer which Donal felt far from prepared to give him. " My lord," said Donal at length, " what I think, or do not think, on the point, I do not feel nt all capable, on a moment's notico, of setting forth ; neither do I think, however, unavoidable such discussions must sometimes be in the forum of one's own thoughts, that they are a profitable subject of open discussion between men. I think difficult questions of the sort, if thoy arc to be treated at all between man and man, and not between God and man only, had better he treated in print, whero what is. said is at least a little fixed, and can with an eye glance be brought again beforo tlie iniud. But not so cither do X think they can be discussed to any profit." "What do you mean Mr, Grant? Surely these tilings are of the very first importance to humanity !" " I grant it, my lord, if by humanity you mean the human individual. But my meaning is that there aro many questions, and this is ono oi them, that cannot bo answered but in putting them to the proof of action." "You spoak riddles I" "X will endeavor to speak as directly to the point as a man can. I believe such questions can he answered only by tho moral nature, which first aud almost only thoy concern ; and tlie only pure exercise of the moral nature is action, not discussion." " Do I not then," said his lordship, with the faintest shadow of indignation in his tone, " bring my moral nature to hear ou a question when I consider it from the highest grounds of duty ?" "No, my lord," answered Donal, with decision ; " you bring nothing hut your intel lectual naturo to hear on it so.. The moral nature, I repeat, operates only . in action. To como to the absolute point in hand, tho Bole way for a man to know whether ho has free, dom of will or not is to put that will in opera tion — to do something-he ought to do. Ho may strive to acquaint himself with all tho facts concerning will, and : spend himself imagining its mode of working; yot all tho time never knows whether he has a will or not." ' .... "But how ami to know how to put it in opera tion, if X do not know whether I have any freedom of will or not ?" "Just by being alive, my lord : by sotting yourself to do tho next thing you know you ought to do, or abstaining from tho next thing you are tempted to, but know you ought not to do. It sounds childish, X know, and most people will set it aside as something that can he taken up any timo, or at least postponed till questions are settled which never can be settled for them until they take just this divinely childish way of doing it. That is tho only way in whioh a man can know whether he lias got a free will or not." " Suppose he should find that ho had not, for that bo could not do what ho wished !" " What ho ought, I said, my lord." "Well, what he ought," said tho earl, almost angrily. " That he could not find proved. Ho might doubt it tho more, but tho only thing he could prove would he that ho had, or might havo, a free will !" "Then whero would be the satisfaction, if lie could only prove tlie one thing and not the other?" "Tho truth alone, can be -proved, my lord. To a man that wanted to prove ho had no. freedom of will, there would come as little satisfaction from the test as he deserved to find— and the less the more honest he was; but to the man anxious about the dignity of the nature given him, there would come in timo overy sort of needful satisfaction in the pro gress of his obedience" ."But how can thorobe free will whero the. first thing demanded is obedience?" "1'horo is no free will save in resisting what ono would like, and doing what tho truth would liavo him do." " That'3 dreary doctrine !" "My lord, I have spent no littio time and thought on the subject, after the action, that is, of whioli I speak, arid tlie result is somo sort of practical clearness to myself ; hut I should not care to mako it clear, if even I could, to another, in any way but by persuading that other to arrive at the same conviction by tbe same path — the only path by which it could ho arrived at — namely, once more, the doing of tho tiling that waB required of him," " Requirod of him by what ?" " I would rather you asked, requirod of him by u7io»; ; but I will answer you : by anyone or anything, or any thought, that hears the word required along with it— anything that carries a shadow of right in its demand. If a man does not do tho thing which tho vory no tion of a freo will requires, what in earth, Iieavcn or lioll would bo the use of his knowing all about the .will, its iroedom or its slavery! from alpha to omega ? But it is impossible ho . should know anything." ; " Yon aro a bold proachorior a youth'!" said tho earl, " But suppose now that a man was unconscious of tho smallest - ability to do anything that was roquired of him ¥' " Thon X-should say thoro was but the moro need he should do tlie thing without being conscious of tho power." " That is nonBonse." : " If it be nonsense, the nonsense lies in the supposition that a man can he conscious of not posssessing a power ; ho con only be not con scious of possessing it, aud that is a very dif ferent thing. How is a power to be known but by boiug a power, and how is it to. bo a power bnt in its own exercise of itself? There is more in man than bo can be at any given moment conscious of ; thoro is life, tho power of the eternsl behind him, whioh only in action can he make his own, therefore which only in action, which is olmo3t hut another name for obedience, can lie become conscious of, seeing that only thon is it actually his." " You aro splitting a hair !" . " If tho only way into life lies through the middie.of what you call a hair — yos, even if it looks but a liair to you, what are you to do hut split it ? Only tho fact is, it is a world in size, though you, seeing hut the knife edge of it, take it for a hair." " Come, come now ! IIow doe3 all this apply to one like me ? A man who would really like to mako up liis mind about tho thing, and is not at the momcat aware of any. very pressing duty that he is required or neglecting to do !" " But is your lordship not aware of some not very pressing duty that you aro nogleqtr. ing ? Some duties only need to be aoknow-. ledged by the smallest amount of action to become paramount in their demands upon ns." " That is the worst of it I", half- muttered the earl. " That -is wily I would avoid such acknowledgment ! Who knows where it might carry me, or what it might not go on to de mand of mo?" . He spoke like one who did not . know he spoke aloud. " Yes, my lord," said Donal, " that is how most mou treat tbe most important tilings ! The devil would blind us to got a good hold of us !" ; - " Bali !" Baid his lordship, ;glad : of the turn to leave the path of tho conversation; "you don't mean to say yon believe in. that legendary personage ?" . . "He who does what the dcvil.would havehim do. is the man who believes in him, not ho who does not oaro whethor he is or not, so long as lie does nothing to his mind. But be sure of this, that if there he such a one as the devil, bo will bo the last to be anxious to convince men of his oxistonce till he has got them in his. power. There is no end of truth in tho old legends of men selling tlioir souls to the devil. But ho is a subject X do not care to discuss ; for lie is not vary interesting to me. I am euro, however," added Donal, fearful of failing in his duty, " if your lordship would but sot yourself to got over tlie habit of depending so much on medicine, you would not be long in finding out that you had a free will." His Lordship scowled like a thunder-cloud " I am certain, my lord," added Donal, " that tho least question asked of the will it self will bring an answer, whero a thousand asked of tho intellect will bring nothing satis factory. " I did not send for you to aot the part of father confessor, Mr. Grant," said his lordship, in a tone from which Donol could not well judge tlie fooling behind it ; "hut as you havo taken the office, I may as well let yon keep it; that matter of- my medical treatment of my self is just that which lias brought mo into my present difficulty. It would bo too long a Btory to tell you how, like poor Ouleridge, I was led fro.m one degrco to another; hot surely you will allow the desire to escape from pain to bo as natural an instinct as any other; from that, and partly to enable me to survive tho consequences of much thoughtlessness in my behavior to others, I have become by degroes far- too dependent' upon the nso of drugs. And now, when from certain symp toms I have reason to fear a change of soma kind not far off— I do not of courao mean to- morrow, or next year, but somewhere nearer tlmn.it wa3 this timo, I v/on't say last year, but say ten years ago — why, thon, one begins to think about certain tilings one lias been too ready to forget. X suppose, however, if a man should through tlie operation of such things upon tho tissue of his brain have no will loft, and if there bo another world, which I for ono am not altogether prepared to deny, and if also tlie will bo a natural possession of tho human being, then it must return to him tho moment he is set free from tho body." " My lord, I would not have you count too much upon that. Wo know vory littio! .about those things, but what if the brain be just the means of giving tho opportunity for tho action which is to result in freedom? What if thero should, without the brain, bo no means of working out tho liberty wo noed ? What if wo aro here like birds in a cage, witli wings, able to fly about tho cage ; and what if, whon wo arc dead, wo shall indeed be out of tho cage, hut without wings, having nover mado use of them while wo had them ? Just think for a moment what wo should ho with out the senses !" " But of course wo shall ho able to seo and hear, else whero is the use of behoving in an other world?". 11 1 suspect, my lord, the other world dora not need our believing in it -to make a fact of it. But. if a man were nover to teaeli his soul to soe, if ho wero obstinately to oloso his eyes upon this world, aud look at no. tiling all tlio timo ho was in it, I should bo vory doubtful whether tho more fnct of going dead would mako him see. Never having learned to seo, tlie sense of seeing in tho soul, corespondent to and higher , than that of the body, novor having boon developed, liow should it expand nnd impoivor itself by more dolivor- anco from the one best schoolmastor to whom it would give no heed ? Tho souses here are, I suspect, only as tho linsk under which is ripening tho deeper, kooncr, hotter senses bo- longing to tho noxt stage of our life ; nnd so, my lord, I cannot think that, if tho will lias not bocn developed lioro through tho moans and occasion given it, the mere pass ing into another condition should set it free. For freedom .is tho unclosing of tho idea which lies at our root, tho vital' power of our oxistonce. Tho rose is the freedom of tho roso treo. I should think, having lost liis brain nnd got nothing instead, ho would find liimsolf a more centre of unanswerable ques tions." , ;."« You go too far. for mo," said his lord-- 'ship, looking rn littio uncomfortable ; as ifj there might bo aomothing in what tho fellow' said, "but I think it almost timo for me to' try and break myself a littio of tho habit. By degreos ono might — you know — eh ! " "I navo littio faith in doing things by dogroos, my lord — cxcopt such, indcod, as by their vory nature cannot bo done at onco. It is truo a bad liabit can. only bo contraotod by degrees, and I will not Bay, because I do not know, wliothor.any ono lias ever curod him self of ono by degrees, but it cannot bo the .best way. What is bad ought to bo got- rid of at once." "Ah, but, you know, that might cost you your life." " What of that, my lord ! Lifo, the lifo you mean, is not tho first thing;" "Not tiio first thing ! Why tho Bible says, 'All that a man hath will ho give for liis lifo !' " : : "Yes; that is in tho Biblo'; but who said it?" ' _ : ; " What doos it matter who gaid it ?" ' " Much always ; everything sometimes." " Who said it then ?" : "Thodovil." ' -"Tho dovil ho did! And who ought to know better, I should like to ask?" "Every man ought to know hotter. And besides, it is not what a man will or will not do, but 'what a man ought or ought not to do !" "All, there you have mo, I suppose ! But there aro somo things so damnod difficult that a man must be very sure of the danger ho is in before he can bring himself to do thorn!" _ -i " That may he, my .lord-; and in tho present case your lordship must know that it is not tho health alono those drugs hndc'rminc, but tho ' moral nature as well !" ' " I know it ; nnd that therefore I. cannot bo counted guilty of many things I havo done, seeing thoy were douo under the .influ ence of these liollisli ccracoctioiis. It was hot I, but those tilings working on my brain, and making me soc tilings for the time in '- an altogether false light. This will ho considered when I como to bo judged — if thero be in truth a day of judgment." " Ono tiling I am suro of," said Donal, "that your lordship, as. well as every man, will have fair play. But thei'o is this to bo considered at first, if you did not know what you were abont, you might not bs much to blame, though it: i3 impoasiblo to say when there may not be a glimmer. of light left ; but afterwards, when you know that you wero' putting yoursolf in danger of doing you did not know- wiiat, you must havo been as muoh to blame as if you made a l-'rnnkenstein demon, and turned him loose on tho enrth, knowing yon would not bo in tho least ablo to control him." " And is not that what tho God you believe in does every day ?" "My lord, the God I bolievo in has not lost his control over either of us." " Then let him set the thing right ! Why should we have to toil to draw his plough, with hut one liorso where thoro ought to ho four ?" " Ho will see to it, my lord ; do not fear — though it will probably be in a way your lord ship will hardly like. Ho is cpmpollod to do - terriblo. tilings sometimes." " What should compel him ?" " Tho Love that is in him; the Ixive that Iio is, towards us who would have our own way to the ruin of everything he cares for !" Thon the spirit awoke in ' Donal,' or camo upon him, andho spoko. "My lord," he said; "if yon wouldover again bo able to thank God, if there be one in the other world to whom you would go, if you would mako up for any wrong you liayo over done, if you would ever. fool in yopr soul onco more tho innocence .'of a , child, if you care to' call God your father and Jesus Christ your' brotlior, if 'you would fall asleep in peace nnd wake to a'now lif— I conjure you to resist the, devil, to give , up'- the evil habit that is dragging you lowei-and lower overy hour. Itwill be' very hard; I know! Anything I can "do, by watching with you night and day, and giving myself to yonr help, I am ready for. I will do ail a man can do to deliver yoii' from the weari ness that must como over you in tho'ondeavor. I will givo my lifo to assist you, and count myself honored, believing I shall then havo lived a lifo worth living. Resolve, my lord- in God's name resolve at once to he freo. Then will you know that yon havo a Iroo will, bo- cause your will will have made itself free by doing the will of God against all disinclination of your own. It will bo a glorious viotory, aud will atonoc set you high on the hill whoso poak s tho throne of God." " I will begin to-morrow," said tho carl, ' with a strango look in his eyes ; "but now,"' bo went on, " you must leavo me. I ncod solltudo to strengthen my resolve. Como to me again to-morrow. X am weary now, and mnat rest awhilo. Send 'Simmons," Donal was nowise misled by tho easy con- Bent ho had gained, hut he could not desire to prolong tho interview. Ho rose and turned to tho door. But in tho act. of shut ting ft behind him, something, ho did not know whnt, mado hint turn again ; tho carl was leaning over tho littio table by his hod- side, and pouring something from a bottlo into a glass. Donal stood trausGxad. Tlio carl turned and saw him, cast on him a look of almost demoniacal hate, and putting tho glass to his lips drank oil the contents. Thoro was nothing to bo said or dono, and as tho oar! threw liimsolf back ou liis pillow Donal shut tlio door — not so softly, as lie -lmd intended, for ho was agitated. A loud cur.so at tho noiso ho had made camo after him. lie went down tlie stair with a seii30, not of failuro only, but of exhaustion such as ho had never before folt — not oven after bogging in vain for lovo tbat could not be liis, lie had loft Davio to bo busy till ho Bhould return. School hours wero over, but tlio boy was seated wliero lie had left liim, still working. Donal felt as if lie had just come from the pre sence of tlio damned, and at sight of the boy almost burst into tears, A moment aftor, Arctura, who had como to school in the morn ing instead of the afternoon, aud had sinoo been out, camo into tlio room. It was as if tho roof of hell lmd given way, and tho bluo sky of the otcrnal oamo peering in at thu ruined vault, Sho had her bonnet on; and lookod blooming and fresh. " I havebcon to call upon Sophia,", sho said. "I am glad to hear it, " said Donal, hardly knowing why ho said it, oxoopt that any nowa -from an outer world of yet unruined humanity . was wolcomo as nows of- summer to dwollors in aland of ico, "Yes," sald.Arot&ra;, "X am ablo to go and aeo.licr now, because I am no longer tho ' louat Afraid of her— partly, X think, because X no longer ORro very mncli what she thinks of Bei hor power over ma !b gono." " And will . novor return," said DonaL "so long as you koop closo to tho master and his will. Thon you need no human twins to sot you right, nnd will allow no human being to sot you wrong ; thon you will need neithcrfriendnorpriostnorohuroli, thou«li thev inny all help.you. I am vory glad, for somo"- thing tolls mo I shall not belong in this place Areturn dropped on a ohair ; she, had .turned pale n3 before she had been rosy ! But ere he could spoak, striving to cover hor emotion, sho said in a low voice, 4 that did not sound like her own. "Has anything fresh happened » Surely you will not leave me while things ore X thought — X thought — What is it ? ' : She could not proceed. .."I know of. nothing," Donal hastened to assuro her, and you may he certain it will not . be of my own choice to' leave yon ! It i3 only a feeling I have. I believe I am out of 'spirits." .- , ."Inev.er.saw,you Bo,bofnre!" said Arotura. " X iiope you aro not going to bo ill." " Oh; no ! I: will tclt you all about it some day, but I cannot now. Thero is nothing altered yet. All is in God's hands, aud wo shall see in a day or two perhaps." ' Arotura did not soem satisfied, Site looked anxiously at Donal, but did not venture to ask him any question moro. She had come with the proposal that, before she put oil her bonnut, they Bhould all throe have a turn in the - park. Donal's gloom soon wore o!f, and that' afternoon's rarablo, coming into the midst of Buch strango and dreary things, often returned to him 'in after years as a foretaste of hoaven. . 