Original §lovp. All Sights Reserved. VIOLET MAYLAjSD. Chapter III (Continued.) BY Fbank LYKN. - Temple stared, as much as a well-bred society man can stare, then he exclaimed, " Miss Mayland forgive my patronising way, but I really did not know you wrote, until I picked up these sheets and read them, and, " "Oh gracious!" exclaimed Violet interrupting him with her merry laugh, " I am always vexing you I think, but don't say anything about my writing to anyone, I only do it, because,—no, I do not think I wiil tell you that," she paused with a thoughtful look in her face and then added quickly,Is tliat music quite correct? if so, I will roll it up at once and put it into the post bag in time." " It is quite correct, but I had no idea you were an authoress." "Neither have most of-my friends, only a very few know it, and you would never have known as much if you had net, " " Don't remind me of my rudeness, Miss Mayland, I beg, - 1 can never forgive my self." " Then I won't. We will change the conversation. Are not these firs delightful P I could sit under them for ever. The wind sighs so softly through the branches, and the birds and insects make it so pleasant in summer, and the scent of the pines is so delightful." " 1 can't say, I am not so partial to them as you are, but they are not bad." " Not bad I You men are dreadful, you always use that expression and it may mean so much or so little. However I am very fond of them, so they suit me just as well, even though other people do not care for them as I do. Now I must gather up my things and return to my study to finish these articles and send them off." " After that you will return will you notP " " Perhaps." " If you don't I shall seek your study and bore -you with my presence there. On second thoughts I think I will come now and not let you out of my sight. " If you promise faithfully not to speak to me while I work, you may come now; especially if you help me to cany these things." " With every pleasure in life. I heard some of your legends last night, and now I am longing to hear the rest, and seeing your room will be next door to them, in more senses than one." " After last night I can scarcely care to talk about legends. Sometimes I fancy it was a dream, and yet no, it waB too vivid for that and the ghost was so like you, I am sure you must be a descendant of our foes the old Temples." " I can't tell you, as I said last night, I am not up to the legends of my ances tors. It may be the same family." " I expect it is," and as she spoke, Violet finished collecting her things, and together they walked toward Violet's rooms, which they entered by the same way that Violet had left it a few hours before. " What a pleasant room! **- exclaimed Captain Temple, " I like the sombre shade of the fin, these are the nicest rooms in the whole house. I don't wonder now at your liking them po much." " Yes, are they not pleasant ? fortunately for me. my brother hates them so much that I can do as I like in them, and never fear any intrusion from anyone. The carving is very beautiful and well worth examining, the walls and ceiling are nearly covered with it, as you see. That. door to the left leads into what I call my museums, and the one on the right to my other rooms. The middle door opens into a passage which leads to the only door that opens into the rest of the house. There is said to be some opening or passage in the wall that leads to the rooms above, but though I have tried every panel I can only find a recess. See! this is it," and she crossed the room and touched the spring in the panel which flew aside ana disclosed a recess, small and dark, but evidently of the same height as the study, " If," continued Violet, " there is any staircase it must be here, for there is a space between the walls and the panels, I am. sure,but can't find .the secret, though I am .always trying." • IWhat a fency you 'have for strange things! my sister would go into hysterics if she even came within ear-shot of these rooms, but then she is not very strong minded and you are I fancy." " Yes, I nave a great fancy for everything strange. I like these rooms because they are connected with ghosts, but still I don't care to see them as near as we did last night, but I suppose it is woman's curiosity that makes me long to see those rooms above and find the passage." " I expect you would only find dust and decaying furniture, with perhaps carving to match these rooms. Really the carving on this ceiling is very beautiful." " Yes, I often lie on that sofa and look at it for hours. A lazy amusement Vou will say, but very fascinating. The flowers are very natural and the figures oddly quaint. But the rooms I call my museums are still more beautiful. While I finish my work, you can explore them, I daresay they will interest you." Violet opened the door that led into the rooms, but Captain Temple laughingly replied, "But I would rather wait until you could come and explain everything." 'Then I must work and not speak once until I finish this paper. As you do not care for my museum there are plenty of books and magazines on those shelves that will amuse you while I correct this." " You have plenty of books, how fond tou must be of reading to collect so much, out now I won't disturb you any longer so get on with your correcting as fast as you can." As he spoke he commenced to examine the book shelves that lined every available space in the room, in a few minutes £ he found a book that seemed to suit lim r and retreating to an easy chair was soon deep in its contents, or rather appeared to be for every now and then, he glanced up and watched the bright intelligent i face of the girl as she bent over the papers which she was so intent upon connecting that she never noticed how d often the eyes of her companion strayed f f m t C d d h ust c to her face, but even that would not have surprised her for though accustomed to admiration in every form she never thought of connecting it with love or anything but friendship. At last Violet sprang to her feet exclaiming,- " 1 have finished my work now Captain Temple, will you at last condescend to see my museum P but I forgot, I must put this in the letter bag first." ' Let me do it for you." ' No indeed, I will run to the hall and ack in no time." "Ere she had finished the words, she was out of the door and already half-way down the passage, placing her manuscript m the letter bag. She flew up the staircase and going down a passage, knocked at a door, and scarcely waiting for the " come in " she entered the room: "I am so glad you are up Mrs. Prince, tor Captain Temple has come to pay me a visit in my study, and I know the whole world would go into fits at having its propriety shocked, so come and play chaperone as soon as possible," " Very well my dear," was the placid answer, " I shall be down in a minute or two." "Thank you, but I must hasten back " and away the light hearted girl flew back to her rooms, and in a short time was showing Captain Temple over her museums, entering the first room which was hung with paintings and sketches, mostly of animals. " I call this my scrap book sometimes," laughed Violet " for any of my friends who can paint or draw, have to give tne something for this room. Unfortunately, though very fond of painting I do not pamt myself, I don't think any amount of teaching would make me eveu a third rate artist. Do you paint P " " A little when I feci in the mood for it." "I am so glad. Will you sketch something for me, something about hereP I have no sketches of Mayiands in my scrap book." " I will try, only you must not expect to much." " But mind don't copy any other artist, I hate anything that is merely a copy." " Yet I see you have some beautiful copies of Landseer here." "Yes, but that is different. I often wonder at people always trying to follow out another's idea. I am sure if I oould piunt I would strike out a line for myself." " As you do in other things," laughed Captain Temple." " I like to be original, I often wish I lived in New Zealand or Australia, and then I could do as I liked. The colonies must be a paradise to people like myself, I should not get into scrapes over my wildnesB there." " I expect the placss you nnme are not half so wild as you picture them." " Oh please don't enlighten me, it pleases me to dream that I should never shock anyone's nerves if I lived there, but I am forgetting my paintings, those studies in oils of heads were drawn by a Spanish artist, the ones is crayons by an English friend of mine, who spent some years on the continent. The landscapes are by different people." "Andmostly moonlight sccnes, some very ghostly indeed, what a fancy you have for ghostly tilings, or rather had until last night. " Don't talk about it please," exclaimed Violet," it was horrid. I felt so frightened, even now I can't understand it." "Neithercan I, but I intend to find out all about it as soon as I can. In feet I came this morning on purpose to explore the gallery. May IP" ''Certainly, but we have seen all these pointings we will ^o into the next room." The walls werei lined with glass cases full of birds, mostly English, though there were a good many foreign ones, along the whole length of the room ran narrow tables, covered with glass cases in which were shells and minerals and other objects. After spending a short time iu this room, thev crossed the passage and entered another room." " I have scarcely anything in this room, but I intend to devote it to curiosities of human manufacture. At present there are only a few weapons from the South Sea Islands. I hope to get more some day. Is not that beautiful P" she observed as Captain Temple paused to admire a beautiful lace fen. Yes, very beautiful indeed, but is it not out of place here amongst these savage weapons. I snppose it is a memento of one of your conquests ? perhaps there is some story connected with this faded yellow rose that is attached to it." " Lift the ghss lid of the case and turn the fan over." Captain Temple did so, and to his horror discovered that the dead gold satin lining of the fan was stained a deep brown color, while on the rose were drops of dried blood. Blood," he exclaimcd almost dropping the fen. Yes replied Violet, "and human blood too, I will tell you the story, a tale of horror. It is the blood of a beautiful Spanish girl, and I shall never forget her murder or the stir it caused in Madrid T This girl and I were great friends. She had been in England to visit her cousin and that is how we first met, aad when she returned to her home in Madrid her cousin and myself accompanied her back. She was a bright merry girl and very beautiful, as the Spanish girls so often are. Our visit flew on the wings of the wind and it was with deep regret that the time drew near for .us to leave Spain, and return to Eugland. Carmen was a terrible little flirt and though engaged to a man whom she loved devotedly, she could not resist the temptation of trying her power to the utmost and flirted so much that the young fellow was driven nearly mad with jealousy. I shall never forget that evening. It had been a glorious day and we lazily watched the sun set in golden splendor, tingeingevery leaf with silver and gold, and making the rocks, houses, and everything giow in the richness of its rays. The sun set and the moon rose in solemn majesty over the hills, and still we sat on, chatting merrily while Carmen gayly recounted some adventure that had happened to a friend of hers. When suddenly there sprang into the room through the open window a man. In his hand gleamed something brightly in the soft moonbeams, and before we could utter a word a sharp report rang through the room, ana Carmen who had sprang to her feet at tbe sudden entrance fell dead at my feet. Inez fled in terror, but sank feinting at the door. A lucky thing it afterwards roved, and I bent over Carmen to raise er, as I turned her to see if nothing could be done, the flickering spark of life evived for a moment and she murmured save him!" and then the beautiful eyes glazed and all was over." Violet leant !icr head on her hand and paused, but n a few minutes, continued. "As soon as I found that she was ead, I turned to see if the murderer had led, but he still stood as when he had ired the shot. It did not need the bright oonbeams to tell who it was that stood here. I knew by instinct that it was armen's lover. He seemed to be struck umb with horror and despair at the eed he had done. In a second I was at is side, and taking the revolver from his nresisting hand and hiding it. After ome trouble I succeeded in getting o escape." But surely you let justice take its ourse P" To be Continued. 