LOCAL AND GENERAL NEWS. The principal event of the year with us-the annual show of the Queensland Pastoral and Agri cultural Society--opens to-day, and promises to be agreatsucess. The ground presented a very busy appearance yesterday, and numerous exhibits were being arranged in their places. Among other things. Martin's patent atmospheric gas machine in being fitted up, and Beale and Company's 57.apoburg pianos were being tuned. There were a large tumber of pigs, poultry, and horeses in their places, but com plainte were made that some of the stewards ap pointed did not put in an appearo ce. We wosd -dvise exbhibitorn tobring in theire-xhibits as-early this morning as possible, as there is likely to be little room to spare. The altow is to; be opened it noon by Sir Thomas M'llwraith, and a large attend ance is anticipated, as a great number of country - visitors were ain town last night. A mnan named John Goddard. employed 4i the Rossend Colliery, was admitted into the HRosetitel, on Saturdaylast, suffering from lacerated wounds on the foot, the result of an accident, which happened to! him while at work. On the same day Alexander Muller, aged thirteen months, ason of Mr. G. Muller: of Walloon, was also admitted into the institution, suffering from severe burns on the arm caused by ; lighted match having been thrown upon it by another child. The injuries were attended to, and in both instances the patients are doing well. The unlawful practice of laying poison-baits is being indulged in just now at North Ipswich,, and the carcasses of dogs are lying hereand therethro?tgh out that position of the town. The eouiance-m spector is having a pretty lively time of .it, And' yesterday he might have been seen perambulating the streets with a wheelbarrow, pick, and shotel, on,' his way to "undertake" the burial of the defunect canines, no fewer than seven of which were reported to be lying about the north side that morning. The indiscriminate laying of baits within the muncipal ity is a very reprehensible pracntice, for.while not a few of the many coreabout town might with bdvaih-. tage be dispensed with, valuable and fayoirrite animals may also fall victims by the very iuitehddn adopted to rid the town of the useless mongro which infest it. " y" A lecture was delivered on Sunday afterenoulaat in the Temperance Hall, Weat-street/by," Otptaik" - P. W. Cairns. on " The Salvation Army 'its (?l-iu Aims, antd Success." The attendance was onderate. The lecturer chose as the basis of his rmeinesai;tlf a 15th verse of the 16th chapterofStL. Mark anl the 13th verse of the 14th chapter of St. Luke ;'end,'after.ep interesting introduction, he proceeded to esay.:thetm the Salvation Army was a body of converti2sltnsae and women, joined together after the fashion of an army, for the purpose of using their best eudeavours to make all pple yield.. or at least listen, to4Lshe claims whichGod had to their love. andaervice. The drganisation had been brought intoexisnce, seven teen years ago, by the Rev. William Booth, who then resigned the position he held as minister, and withg his wife devoted himself exelhsively to e'atelitl_, work. Five yeare ago the orgatisation of which he oas the head came to be called the Salvation Army -a force as real, as active, as self-sacrifiengi slhd as much under control forsoul-saving purposes asno the ordinary military armies were for elaughter and destruction. Judging from the results'attaineduilk had made greater progress during tho time. it had been in existence than any eligious movement oftl) lasthundredyears. notwithstanding thatthe inethlds sometimes employed by its oficers wer ee idiffers(t ftrom the religions. usages and social tastesof.hipect. - ableandrefinedpeople. Tlouseandswholwereoncet?hb most gedlensand profane in the comminity were now;' through its means, apostles of saltvation. living ja n-' preaching the Gospel-in every land. ?In'pr tof4o this some interesting statistics were gi'en,?-tetib : aubject of female ministry was also dfinml npei:! The army doctrines, the lecturer stated, were jast those which were deemed essential to. ?ilvatios p all the orthodox psople of God He condledbil bj saying that the most preminentscharacteritic of their practice and preaching was dependenee on the " HolyGhost sent dowvn fromnt Heaveni i"' ind, iely tog upon His power, on the heairto of the peopl4 they were bold to press pon them, without espect of persons or' qualifying of terns,;?God'o tinapatih? demands, for with these they also, preestedithebeo power available at once and always to mneet-and - obey them. All their Scripture teibhitt was of that definite, preesent-tense kind which did no) aim to give abstract, much less pe?anltive ihfor'ition, but to enforce obedient living, for-they'believed'.thJ the salvation of God was the great remedyfo.all a. the -spiritual, .mental, and most .of the 'phyelal,: I miseries of mankind. The discourse anwas listehbd toe throughout with the greatest attention, and manyioft theose present testified to their sympathy' with?tb.' lecture by contributing towards the objhot for arhi:h' it was given. The annual festival in connection with the ',o?ol gregationalSunday-schoolatGatton tookplate od t'b' Queen's Birthday, , and proved to be one pf thp most pleasant and successful gatherings ever held at that place. The earlier part of the day was "eoncupied, a_ usual, with amusements and the partaking of re freshmente. At 3 o'clock the pubhe meeting cots menced, and was presided over by Mr.3. C?lins . It has been customary for some years at these meet ings for hymns to be sung and recitations given by the children in competition for prizes. 'On this one casion so great was the interest manifested 'in the" proceedings that there was not room to accommnodate all who were desirous of gaining admission.: One special feature was the number of very young chi dren taking part in the exercises, sonime of the old favourites being withdrawn to make room for themni. The children's programme having been gone through, one or two other recitations were given, after wluth" Bome remarks were made by the minister (the ?o', S. F. Whitebead), the superintendent (Mr. Joseph Lowe), the secretary (Mr. F. Lloyd), iinl the clia?i man. At the close, the meeting united in ,singing the National Anthem. The annual sermionswire. preached, on Sunday last, by the Rev. S. Larkin, of Laidley. At the Harrierille Police Court, yesterday, before Messra, S. D. Edwards, Wet. Winks, and dt "H. Boyle, Patrick Nugent was summoned by Joseph Miklitz for assaultig hinm at Harrisville on the wth' instant. Defendant pleaded "Not guilty:" After hearing the evidence of the complainait and Robert Dunn, jun., the Bench fined defeudant5s., with 5s. dd.' costs of Court and 3Se. witness's expenses. E. J. Smeally nsummoned Charles Balch for absenting him. self from his hired service without leave or. lawful excuse on the 17th instant. Theri was no appear ance of either party, and the case was dismisse?l? William George Beresley summoned Patrick. Fits patrick, jun.. for using obscene language towards-, hinm in a public place-to wit, the train tradehing i from Ipswich to Harrisvillo-on the evening of the 18th instant. Defendant pleaded "-Guilty." The Bench, to discountenance such conduct in-ailway carriages between the places named, fined himn £3, with 5s. 4d. costs of Court and hs. witnesses' ex pensse. The fine, costs, anti expenses were immem dliately pold. . . .. Miss Ada Camphell, the talented lecturess who re cently delivered a course of lectures in Brisbane, will, on Thursday evening next. in our local School of Arts, advance her views tp-n the suaject of "Sun. day in the Light of Reason-ite Use and Abuse." A cricket statch was played at Deep Creek on' Thursilay last betweetn teams choeon from the Mount !lrislane ant the Fernl'mle Cricket Clubs. It re sulted ili a victory for the former by two ruis and one wicket. The cricket seaasou, we thought, wna oct some time ago, but the noble game is evidently stot by any iteans dead yet. if we mty judge ty the heartiness with which the sport was entered into in - the somewhat remote locality wheret- the matth was played. The memters of the Fernvale teita, wnho were tle visitors, were provided with a eapitsl luncheon by their hosts, and, after the matchi were invited to tia. The day was a very enjoyable one, tid its pr'o.ceedings were wotnd up by an etertain sntct given in the evening in the State Suhool, to which seaue of the visitor-e tayed. Theseores in the mnatch have kimlly bee- oupplied to us. but we haos utnt room for titent in this issue. We see, however, that the Fernvale menu made 50 runs in their first ienings and 38 in the eecond--a total if Oh5, to which James Thomsonu contributed 52. The Moent Bris bane men put together 45 rens in their fir?t innings, and in the second lost 9 wickets for 43 ruts. Guorge Boyle, with lt, heing the highlesttecoter. T: is gave them a total of 88 runs. The towling of A. Ithuckert, for the Fet- rale team, was ltrtieularly good. The usual forttightly meetitg of the ]llue Ribl, on Society was held in the Tempernure Hall last c' et iug. There wasa fair attindanee, axid Mr. E. W. Hargreaves presided. Stirring nud practio-ol ad lreesen were delivered ty the R1v. Thittauti Nock stid Ity Messrs. T. II. Moures anst R. ]oteel, who werc liotened to nith attention. Two capital recitmo tions were also giren by MHsnrs Meniforth ant Romilo and' the lqeetiiik qoonludied In thq 'geisl Anl interruption in the Port Darwin telegraph line accouut(s for the bsoence in tIie issue of late European telegitinul. We we're sliowun ytcrdayby Mir.Jolon hBalam, three eaisles of sugar mauuffcturad by him-from cane gronw upon his selectidn dn Spo'ring Cretik, be. twet lliharabauld Cutwi.. Some of tlhecastiiorbre also lefj at'ur office,. and bctterjpokiinju.epeciuens. wo liha seldoin'scen. Though .unncqsinted with. the prbeuofBsuar making,Mr. IBalain - las hladi 'oiide~ul .iuccesS with Ilia expcriinmts, splecially, .... id lagthc rude appli nesl tlwhtl ha..rt ,. The cana we believe, was cruilied bbweientinrollon? of a iangle, und, the juice wias Iboiled in' common iron pot. The prodnetjshbeqw\riAnti s6taw-cojuloyd ration sugarworth £17 t) £21 per ton ; blit ttlu arupj fiohl whichn' ome of that slibWn:hid was tIttnIo lias appaTnitly been overopilced, for, thoiighl .it is not at all moist, no molasses wastaken out'f .it. Min . Balasm says tliat 'his cine, pi'imcipcilly RBaj$iS, :!iaK, not, so far,beeon iojuredliy.tli6lerotltdid .lieiihievs that hetiseooeie. Clt1 wt.ijgtt ) iiR .rtdhunilp. that lieiffipdn to put,in swl.r ancres of vs da it he coaes;^ Ihitallfal-?nr?:bfi. l*a?lc?' semldi,' rith' proper appliaucme. we'haein no'doesti that lie -ill he, able to turg?\mt a'stpeorioto\p lsv rry ;'lcabl article, There are new--'. osiugle mCeI awaitiog ceipkjesy ment in the ,emgratnpn Duepnt, NortlitIpswfulif which liad,',jti.ieea'aeared of its ptet_.iw occupants. They-r'e e p cisengerI by thie Winpme but did not stri ..in this towni until yestcrday afternoon.Z',Ah,additti4tb bu?tl'hligit 'tio r 'labour reserve is expected to- day. . . The anUnl. ,omeeting.of .the Qenslaud - Rifle Associatioi as ihc ee to t eplaeat -the lrio- bine rifle-~rnge during thwciritioii,'ak, Ad .tie, fir4t match,-'li-ieh -will prhobbly ig the Inrolronicl ohh.-will be cotimeuced on'thh' lfhlf'XAtutt. chue eahotleg'WlrlIV citrsyth7W hfln a *ic week till the vkuir tit'Vi jit.a- .,oi4uodcl-i. The date unp to which intendinst sebtts fir' tlhe Qieeun' Prize imay enori' sia trday, the 4th of August;blit'b tiiet will lie received for tile other events up to I o'clock on the following Saturday. Post entri~ib; tbnippihif |ih bih nititrad aiper ceut. on the amount of eiitrance-mnoucy, will liowerver be aouecteal op to0 o'claok -on tlih:eiftrioothi .61 thie' l' preceding Lihe competition, except ill tile ease jf the" Qaeea'e.['riee, br hbtclr: they finally'lloee'on .TPlift' diby, the Oth of August. The position in the va'ionud matches, uulesg specialcpnditioo rrnf..i-wided, will le cither standidig, kneeling, oitp -'htfor all dis tncs. The cohiecilloftAstso@al pit :epoa thiat the uInterolo?ial Mat. shali becotestcel by tiimsts of ten tidni dic slsectes firohtlie local forces of the varionooEloiiie';i-idil ite cio~nitiobs Are seven rounds each at-j0P.,lih. 4lnd:f0i0 yanls, tle weuponsei-t bi used bingAL Mmtti*oiHtery iriell?; witlr:6II,: pull of trigger. The.council. we undemrtand,.wjllA.before long. euke publlic t'heaeiodo chbih-li:ey I5rpocse to adopt in condedtilg lthb slectitiipt'atiqcea of, .those volunteerasrhoare,.deirous of ecc¶syingpla¢s in the Quaqh uid'.tenimnfor thec rp Uh4Matclih. We hope to see sev'ral of 'the Ipswiih contingent figuring'atl:iseetingg a?.erhidtab.y hithe1yiliiae on previoouierocBaBIonDi'.' ." .* '* " .,.',' . , " .. ,n. We neticedl on Thursday that g a Pygresm s be ing miad) withtiie ner lall de idw r-ucnrsc.<t .brtion at the fosewood-Gate for thlo.Fainnors GOlnbnt thlat place. Tp'lbeiimension,'pft.lc buljdi4Jaro?3atf Ily 20ft., s»ith-'l2ft.-wail ; and when.eouid.leled it will hie a euhbniltihl And pmitosodibg4p ftt i huiKabd a valuable addition to the property of the' club. A public tulle ofthis dbeiptfipdd.iha'l oin g h)eenflt to be a necessity by. tlie reidentst of -the'districL, as no raJy,. auiltaq pdb'loe0fo-he jqlsiog of public meetings, entertaunents, lectures, &ce.;, exists at the Gate. The framework- in of hard wood, and has ai stinohg~ d solid appearhnce ablout it. Ainplesprosaisop IB. nmdae foy iqhe sdmoiji ui of both lightaila tirdad4 ie'.uleu .iiihg-ltbte tltr swill, we should think,.aeswer admirably the purposes for which 4 ,is.beingyreetd. d n isnptlhrpasrt ofbthe -ociety' :gMoilidu tlbCre' wll whClieCIr, shOirtly be ereted,iLbr.Mr. E. Ha-ding, of Ipusich,.adelneyarde forlthe-purpose of holding periodioal. tock' alets sol tltwbhep?clese anld a-fcw other contemplated im-i prpl*mtents are completed -the grounds will .possess eriaoy-ovenience necessary during the!holding of: thQ~eulalexlliibitions of-the clbb. .. . ' : twd~"r 'Arld' called 'in ' ktura6ity'e Goverenenl OGtaef frithie srinstrbction bf tihe flrt' flouir iles of the Kilkivan branch of tile Marybreitgh 'RailUll, incliding:thceridge 6ver.the 'Mry livs-er:.-'i . . . Last week probate was granted in the will of .lane ThoPgrf IPaich, wie dowe toCeorge Thoer, or o nf wich, aolicitor personalty ass 'orn'ainer kuSOO. all51shtking! fatal accident 'ocadri;d'al- 'ielding' (Ntw's'aland): Oitl' ay 7. A-hoy',ten ares ot'/age, namiedlm(William nSalishulry.'"was thrown '-roni' his had?r?' 'Oe-.of his :feet iaunghtlit 'tle stienip, and' tlihehotselpl~aged abOut :andsthen bolted, driggion th?infortunate lad for abontnl a ie. Thle body was foand ticaiitle railhi'y cerbshig shddkingly lmutilatdl,' bhing disembowolle,-:'hliile both 'ls'tnl:arhins' were brykiu, and thr qkull was scalpoed apd fraptured; Tlie"boliy presented a most glastly appearantce. 