Serring the Lord.—Our work. By the Buy. W. P. Mackay, M.A. HI.—A WORD TO ^BLXOW-SERTAKT3. (Continued from latl week) I-WOULD now speak a word to you who are fellow-workers for, and follow sufferers with, Christ. It is only now that wo can have fellowship with Him in His service as the rejected of earth. Let us then be * instant in season, out of season.' 'Heredeemed mo!' Let it be writton as with letters of gold on every page of our diary. While in your mission of love you visit the poor, llio sick, and tlio dying, may it ever bo your first work to point them to Christ. While in every way striving to alleviate misery, even if it were by giving but a cup of cold water, let the main tiling be to speak of Christ. He careful ever to have tlio single eye, and do nothing to be seen of men. Go nothing to men ; do all to God ; and have no master but your Hedeemer. Be bound to serve by no chain bub that of love. If a great.sphere be denied you, occupy the small one. If it is not yours to preach to hundreds or thoueands, be like Him who spent a sultry noon under a aeorehing sun by the well aide, that he might impark the water of life to a worthless woman. ' Whatsoever thy hand findtth to do, do it with thy might j' do not wait for to- morrow and for some great oppor tunity,'hut do the littlo service, whatever it may be, do it now. Draw all your strength from God, depending on Bim aloae. The great work is that which is done on in dividual responsibility—* My own work.' Our Lord says 1 Wliatsosver ye shall {ask the Father in my name He will give.you* (John xvi. 23.) ' Whatsoever,' without limit, with out restraint, without bound, so that you may ask anything you please. Fellow-worker for God, do you feel as if this were too much, and say, 'I cannot have God's arm so under my will?' It is nevertheless true.- What! can a creature thus prevail with the Creator Y: Yes indeed, and the reason is, that we have been made 1 partakers of the divine nature' (2 Fet. i. 4), because before God we are as Christ is— a3 near, as dear. We are in Bim, and being in Him, every request, proceeding from the Holy Ghost in us, is in perfect harmony with the Divine Mind; We may well say, with such a petition, What grace, Lord! what condescension ! what love! Thou hast not spared Thy Son! Thou has made .me one with Him. Thou hast said, whatsoever I will I shall receive; and there fore, Lord, my will is whatsoever Thou wilt. I give Thee back Thy behest. It is too much for me to bear, and now, from the very depths of my soul, I pray, 1 Father, Thy will be done ! Load me in Thy will» may everything I do he in Thy mindand then, asking will but; be the promptings of the Holy Sjirit within me, and receiving but the natural issue from the hand of Him who Himiolf inspired the prayer. What a service of joy! Such a life has no outward bustle and noise, no running- hither and thiilier, hut, like the light, it cannot be hid. Quietly it beams wherever it exists. It is calm as the gentle heat of the summer sun noiselessly warming all around. Thus cuergiscd by the life from above, meet parent and child, friend and neighbour, rich and poor, and the brighter will bo your 'crown of righteous ness.' Servants faithful to their earthly mas ters shall receive the reward of the inheritance at.tlio judgment seat of Christ. (Col. iii 21) It will then appear that it was better to have spoken 'five words' (1 Cor. aiv, ID) for God, than to havo spoken ' ten thousand words' to make ' a fair show in the flesh' (Gal. vi. 12), and please men; better to have been eloquent for God in the calm silence of a life pointing to Christ, than to have made earth ring with high-sounding words and world-patching schemes. ' It was not any word that - was ever spoken to mo/ said an old and oft- approved ser vantof.God to a brother in the Lord from whom I heard the narrativo; 'it was not any word that wakened me up from my death of sin, but the movement of a dying man's finger. My mother had often prayed for me/ and tried to lead uio to Christ; but I listed God, and when I escaped from her control grew to be a wild s'nner and such a bold infidel that all her godly friends were* afraid to see me; but/ in the providence of God, I was left to watch alone by the bedside of a tailor, a poor deformed fellow, when he lay a-dying. He had often spoken to me of Christ, but I had never licedod hitu any more than my mother, or auy of the others. "When I was nursing him there that day, he pleaded with mo many times to mind my soul, but I was per fectly hard; nil ho could say had no effect. But at last the death-rattle was in his throat, and I saw ho could speak no longer, he just raised his hand and pointed with his finger to tho sky. That stirred me, and 1 had no rest till Christ gave uio rest.' . Tlio judguioct-scat is coming. Fellow Chris tian, no que^'in will be raised there about thy standing, about thy salvation. As to safety thou art already passed from death unto life, and wilt not come into judgment; but as to service, thy works will bo judged. The judg ment is by firo. Whatsoever stand* that trial stauds to thy credit—if nothing stands, then thy works will all bo lost though thou thyself art saved as by fire. There aro two kinds of works—one class sym bolized in scripture under the heading of wood, liay, itubble; the other, gold, silver, precious atones. Every work is on the one aide or tlio pther. You will observe that -wood, hay, and stubble are greater in quantity.' But it is not quantity that the fire regards; a ton of hay i3 as easily and as surely burned as a pound. Many in our day havo the greatest regard for quantity—great works, much activity. How little the striving, after pure gold, the silver, and the precious stones! How mixed is the life-work of the best man! A layer of wood, a grain of gold, then a large quantity of hay, then nlittlosilver, plenty of stubble, how fewprecious ' stones: .but tho fire sifts all! At that awful catastrophe at Abergelo, where railway carriages : and living men and women were burned to as lies, diamonds, gold watches, and silver orna- : ments were found afterwards among t he rubbish. The peer could not be distingui-hed from the * servant;woodcouldnotboseparatcdfrombone; ' but the diamond was still bright, and the gold and silver still precious. What a happy day is : coming for every Christian! He will be so glad to see'in-one blaze, as upon one funeral pile, all that in his life ever dishonoured his Xord, or was not dono with the single eye: only that will reappear in glory, which wa3 to God's glory here, and he, already glorified, can at that tribunal appreciate nothing but what is in - harmony with glory. When at sclio 1 our great ambition was to be first in the class. Who will be first then of all the class of Christians? Very different will be God's order then from our order now. The great of earth and preachers (even those who were of greatest eminence) perhaps giving place to soms poor old starving widow, or some little child. - I am convinced that many of tboss who are called great, well-known and honoured Chris tians, will, in that day, as to reward for the single eye be far behind Eome poor, weak, de spised ones of earth, whoso lower was in the secret place with God. God judges with righteous judgment. .Bichi Christian, what of thy gold then ? will it be accounted stubble in the glory ? or art thou exchanging it now into .the currency of heaven ? Were I to travel in a foreign land, Icuuld not get on very well with , my British money. Even in England tho;e coming from Scotland find it difficult to- exchange Scotch notes. Before we go abroad ■ wo' change as much money- as we may require into the coin of that , realm Friend, this is for what thy life here is still given-'make to yourselves friends of the mammon of un righteousness, that when ye fail they may re ceive you into everlasting habitations.'. So said the Master, and many disciples have wondered and not: understood tho passage. It is Simply 'exchange your money into the cur rency o~ heaven.' ' The mammon of unrighteousness;' that is to say/in the Jewish economy, it was a sign of ' a righteous man that his basket and store were full, that he had plenty of cattle, that he was rich. Now since Christ's rejection it is not so. - The unrighteous have God's money: in this age. The normal lot of the Christian is - poverty; nowhere to lay the head, since there was 'no room in the inn' for the Master.'; But suppose a man with a large fortune is con verted, what is he to do with, this mammon of. unrighteousness ? ■ Is he to hoard it up and add to it, and die a rich man? Nay Is he at once and heedlessly to throw it away? Nay. He is to make it his friend. Exchange it into the coin of heaven; If he waits ti 1 he dies, none can be put into his coffin to arise with him. But there is a method of sending it on before; the Xord .has -taught it. .How many, cups oE cold water can it buy ? These count if given with the single eye. How many Bibles and missionaries to the heathen ? Ten thou sand channels are easily found when wanted. Whatever you do, make your money not your enemy, as ikwill be if. you 'use it for self, but your friend; so that when you are done with money it may not be done with you, but will be standing to meet you in a new dress, in the :gold and -silver and precious stones .at the throne, in the 'well done' of the Master. ;Poor brother, thy poverty is no bar. One talent well used is more than ten abused, and money is but a poor talent. It is not an occasional or periodical earnest ness that God desires, but a calm constant life long work. A man moving about tbis world with the Holy Ghost within "him, prepared for anything at every step', by eveiy look and word, testifying for his Xord, conscious of no effort, but living in calm peace with his Saviour God, in the unhindered power of an inner life, in the patient' hope of a glory soon to dawn, is the typo of God's true servant. His servico does not depend on his rank, his circumstances, his position: these are all subservient to what tho man is. He may be the wealthiest in the world, or have to sweep a street, but his joy in tho serrice is the same. Such will have a natural entrance into the courts above, where tho servunts servo their Xord day and night. Our lord has many servants in different spheres. He has given pastors, teachers, and evangelists, besides giving each member in the body his own specific work. The following, in the words of another, gives us a high ideal of tho New Testament Evangelist:—'The mis sionary after the apostolic school is a man without a purse, without a scrip, "without a change of raiment, without a staff, without the care of making friends or keeping friends, without the hope or desire of worldly good, without tho apprehension of worldly loss, with out the care of life, without the fear of death; of no rank, of no country, of no condition, a man of one thought—the Gospel of Christ; a man of one purpose—the glory of God; a fool, and content to be reckoned a fool, for Christ; a madman, and content to be reckoned a madman, for Christ. 'Xot liiui be enthusiast, fanatic, babbler, or any other outlandish nondescript the world may choose to denominate him. But still let him bo a nondescript, a man that cahaot be classed under any of their categories, or defined by any of their convenient or conventional names. When they can call him a pensioner, trader, householder, citizen, man of substance, man of tho world, man of science, man of learning, or even man of* common sense, it is all over with his missionary character. He may innocently have some of these forms of character, some of them ho cannot innocently hare; but tliey wi«l be far, subordinate, deep in the shade, covered. and (iTftnmtieliail ♦Iia lnrMtrirtltS tr«i»<* and extinguished to tho world's incurious gaze, by the strange, incoherent, and unaccountable character to which he surrendered himself mainly. ' The world iniweth the missionary not, be cause it knew Alessiah not. The nature of his life is hid with Christ iu God; he is not a man, but the spirit of a man; he is a spirit that hath divested itself of all earthincss; save the conti nent body, which it keepcth down and useth as ' its tabernacle and its vehicle and its mechanical tool for speech and for action.' Every child of God, great and small, has a work; his or her own work. A brother in the Lord greatly surprised an old bed-rid len follower of tho Low by coming in with a smile t > her one day, and saying, : ' I've got some work for jou to do.' 'ATe! what work! what cm I do?' 'Oh, there's a little district meeting to be started, and you are to hare special charge.of it in praying -ibout it.*. She got deeply interested in the people attending the little meeting, and this work did | her and them much good I saw a young boy confined to bed one day, and I told him he had a work to do. lie had . found Christ, but he looked a little surprised. ' Ton liave to pray and preach,' I saii—He smiled in surprise.— ' Yes, you have to pray for thoso that carry forth the gospel, and you have to lio there and preach sermons to all that ccine in, sermons on faith, patience, meekness, gentleness, adorn ing on your back, as we on our feet ought to do, the doctrine of God our Saviour. The same, thought came also from the lips of auother young disciple, now in the presence of the Lcrd, waiting the resurrection beauty in which' be will be clothed with all those who have been faithful unto death—who have endured to the end He said, ' We all must speak for Jesus,', when it was suggested that some might be too young to bear Testimony to Christ. 