BHOA UBKIH'S NEW XOUK LETVUKS. The Brooklyn Eagle, which is one of the liveliesc Democratic evening papers, in the Union, tolls a story or a countryman who came in to renew hia subicription, and1 oh bein^ asked how things were out on Long Island ti'll the gentleman who does tho local items that quite a number-of people have given up farming in his vicinity! and had gone to hunting. " Local Items " was some thing of an amateur sp>i t, and inquired if game was plentiful out his way. Tlio country man replied that it wan not; that seventy five men in his neighborhood had been out: since last Tuesday, and hadn't got a thing. '' What kind of game d-> they hunt'1'mostly?" said "Local Iteim." " Well, this lastlii^ch," said the countryman, " they've been huntiii' Republicans." " MHrciful powers!" said "Local Jtems," " you don't mean tosiiythey shoot 'cm!" '• Not mucli," said the country man, " for they can't find none of the durned critters to shoot. Several ink bottles, a num ber of spittoons, and an old file of Eagles followed the countryman as he retreated to his market waggon, feeling no dou!>t that he he had furnished that slashing piper some valuable sporting information. On the other' hand Democrats areuvery where. Tiie woods are full of 'em and they exclaim with the dis ciples of old. "Itis good for >is to he here." Tho excitement of tho election over, we' are now settlinc down to recular bnsim as. • ! Tliero ia, howover, an i:om which appears in the papor with alarming frequency and to which I havts alluded to in these letters, and that is the incarceration of anno men in insane asylums From the present revelations it wouid se"m as if thero is absolutely no pro tection for any man if two or three of his friends or lela'ives conspire against him. These tilings are frightful enough 1> cont.em plate when the work nf selfish individuals; but when a religious and charitable institution makes itself the minister of vengeance and oppression there is a horror aimut.it that lan guage cannot convey. A younp man occupy ing a position which pni i him §3,000, took to drinking, and at the rrquoU ..f hii relatives he was put in a religions institution for, the special euro of inebriates, and it must be a very luxurious establishment, for some of the itiraatos paid more for their b'-ard than would take to furnish them with elegant.; quarters at Fifth avenue or the Brunswick.1 Though professedly non- sco arian, they laboured to make this wicked young man a good professing Christian, but tJi=-tr seed was not planted ill fallow ground; so as the.v could not make a Christian of him they sent him to a lunatic asylum. When his sist«r applied to the institution to find her brother's where abouts the oliicerin charge abs >lutely refused to give her the information she desired. Then commenced a weary hunt; which was finally rewarded by finding her brother in the luna tic asylum on Blackwoll's Island. During an incarceration of several worln (he wretched man had to submit to to nameless horror*; and how he continued to keop his senses, with his terrible surrounding.*, is a mystery. Ho fully realized his situation and when brought before the judge was pronounced ;is sano a man as any man in the court. If it hid not been for his faithful sister he might have been kept till madness really intervened A few weeks more and tho job would have been complete. How many unfortunate wretches are thus incarcerated iu these dread ful asylums, who have no faithful sisrers or loving friends to look after iliein, and who die at last behind their prison bare'/ Do not imagine from thefore going that I think all the lunatics are dead, for they are not. The sale of tickets for .Mrs Langtry's third week began oil Monday last, and on Sunday night, as the people were coining from church a long line of men might be seen in front of Wallack's theatre, who had como their evidently prepared to stay all night, and tiil ten o'clock Monday morning, ivlu-it the box otlice would open for the sale of tickets and they coul secure seats for the moderate prieis of live dollars apiece, provided they were not particular. If these be not madmen I know not what they are. Thousands of men and women have been committed to lunatic asylums 011 one t-nth of the evidence of in sanity exhibited by those imbeciles. Just think of standing thirteen hours on the side walk through a miserable, cold, foggy, winter niuht to see a woman who, in point of talent, is not the equal of the leading lady in any of metropolitan theatres, and in p-int of per sonal beauty is surpassed by dozen of girls in Hie ballets of all}' of our fi st-class com ; antes. The same thing occurred onco be fore, but then there was some excuse for it. When Mr. Dickens returned to this country in 18l)S, a line formed at Steinway 'Ha 1, and hundreds of people stood in the the cold through a bitter winter night to purchase tickets to see the great English novelist. It was worth something to see a man like him; men of his cast only come once in a century— if the y do as often as that. Iiutitisno nee talking; whatever or whoove-yets possession of the hour can do just whut they will. There seems to he a perfect craze among our sisters, our cousins and our aunts to get a look at her; whether it adds much to their happiness after they have seen her 1 am not able to report. One thins; ii certain, neither Bridget mirher mistress is happy un'ess sdie has a jersey. If there is any unfortunate female, in your '■ dccstrick" who has not got a jorsoy, get up a. suSecription for her by all ihh.uis, and pro cure one for Iter at any cost. No woman's character is safe in New York without a jor sey. Her position in s >ciety is ganged l>y tho set of her jersey. Ir. is an unquestion able certificate of honor, honesty, intellect, and social s:anding; it is a present pawpnrt to respectable society, and, unlike charity, it duDj not hide a multitude of faults. Tiie jersey is not solely confined to females of b-autiful sh ipe; would; that it. were, but Medieiau'Vetiuses,;wiih'waist like lager beer barre's, and Clytes with shoulderj like a wool sack, und arins,liku.a biidly stulit.il bo'.o.'na, do much dulirjlu. in1 jisraeys. I miy not live long enough to sjo it, but perlrips in a hapijier;age,. when the m.rli iu e notall donkeys and the- womesi >»re allangels,- this passim: maduess may be relfgited with bangs and fake hair to that not'ievm sr region where trailing skirts a'udenoinV iiis/l ii'ties are now paying the penalty of Vlu-ir ci'iin» s. 1 never tet restitutio wiih uit putting my foot in, so I had he'-ter stop right:here.;; D > vim think that the age of miracles is passed out your way? Well, I cannot ns.-ume it has not: Iu BrOoklyiiiflourishelh a gospel minister who cau cure you , l>y just putting his hand on the part, iilfe'eie'T,'and hey, presto, (lyi the disease vanishes like a gho-it.- The City of ;Oli,u relies-ia ,Vtry-,much stirred by this new evangelist ami like ilie apostles of old, he does nut, re^iiiro f u'tii as a sine qua ndn for 1 * is cure. I don't know that, lie can restore mi amputated leg or a lost arm, but ordinary casotiofdilapiilalion'iire niere playthings in his hands. A woman who was deaf as a post .for twenty years was cured. 111 a minute by tue watch, and "now, Lko the old woman in the l<T«le of a tnunput," alia can actually hear what people are going to fay. It is all very well for doubting Thomases to cry " plioo! phoo!" and all that sort of thing, but the fact remains that iliia Brooklyn evangelist makes his cures in :piib!iu, every Sunday nuht, and man}' afflicted rej >ico thereat. It is seldom that Broadbrim is called upon to apologise for -his overdoing* or short comings; but I feel that I do owe an apology to my readers far,an absurd mistake which occurred in ft previous lettcr/and it refers to Dr. Storrs, of Brooklyn. Just as I was writing, my; New York letter, late at night, a friend- rushed in,-pale as'a ghost, and in formed me that. Dr. Storrs had made up his mind to leave Brooklyn. Now, when a man talks of Dr. Sfcorn. ill Brooklyn, there is j only onb man ho can think of, that is, the • l?ov. .Richard S. Storrs; the honored pastor of 'tli'e Church of'tlie Pilgriifis. * There might be fifty other Dr. Storw in Brooklyn, but when the name is mentioned the Brooklynite can only think of one. This was my case. I w:i»!0 surprised sit the announcement that : for the moment/I, lost my, head, and if my salvation had depended on it I cculd not have recalled, on'the instant, Dr. Storis' initials. 1 asked my frieud Dr. Storrs' initials, • and he gave thoin to me correctly enough for the per.i"ii for whom they were really intended, hut I did not delect the mistake till the mischief was done, and I hail poi.ned the article in my letter in refer ence to Dr. Siorrs. Dr. Henry M. Storra is no doubt a most excellent Christian gentleman1, and will pr. ve a great acquisition to the. delightful suliuib of Orange; but under no circumstances cmild I look upon hi < departure in the light of a public calamity. D-. Rifchard S. S oris, I am happy to state, is still a resi lent of Brooklyn, ; nd he will d'iuhtles-< dispenie the " l.ivad of life " at the Pilgrims' Church iill his Master summons him away. I .can o'tly aay that I am glad I was mistaken, :and that tlio City of Churches, fur tlio present at least, will not be called np >n to mourn I lie loss of one of the most splendid pulpit orators and noble Christian gentlemen in Auier.cn. Trusting that a lenient public will bring in the verdict of the Yorkshire jury : " Not 'guilty, but don't do it again," I ofl'«r my humble apology. Langtry is. pretty, but she cannot play Rnsali.id ; stillj sue dnuvaj aiid tliat is tho main point with Mr. Abbey. Tn the language of the Bowery, " she kin.travel on her shape." Our noble Romans are causing us con siderable trouble. .Fur a nation that boasts so much about art, tho sample bricks wo get here in the United States are about the scilio.st dirtie-t- lot to bo foutuV oii the ifiice of earth, in d most of; them are ignorant ai Ho tent<its. Instead of musicians, sculptor.', and painteis, the • great or body of them are scavengers and r.ig pickers. Here and there fome muii of genius unci brums.rises to the dignity rif jin apple qr' a peanut stand, but lie ia nn exception. " All <if Ilium aro ready for murder. Not a man of them ventures out without his knife, which he ia rrady to uso 011 the slightest provocation. On Sunday List a crowd of drunken villains attacked a police officer and nearly severed his arm from hi)-body. ; In the melcc one of tho banditti att^mpt-d to shoot the ollicer, but fortunately killed one of his own gang. Th'ise iviio have been active in ostracising the Chinamt-n might turn their attention to tho noble Roman. He is ripe and ready for the sickle, . Stocks took alittle whirl up, and tho tone of the market is improved. Weather, so so-ish aud looking towards winter. ' - Yours truly, BROADBRIM. 