ENTHRONEMENT OF THE BISHOP OF ADELAIDE. The ceremony of the enthronement of the Bight-Re^. George WyndhamXennion, D.D., as Bishop of Adelaide, has been looked for ward to with the greatest amount of interest by the whole of the religious community of South Australia, for by it the Church of England has placed at its head its spiritual leader - and aaviGcr, and an able worker has been added to the number of those who toil under the broad banner of Christianity. The interest in the proceedings has been heightened by the reputation Dr. Kennion liasBrougbtwith him of being aman possessed not only of a large amount of intelligence but also of a liberality of views which is likely to make him as popular with all denominations here as he was in England. When there a slight stir was also created through the rankB of total abstainers when it washnown that -Dr.'Kennion, although not an abstainer, was at least a firm supporter of the temperance platform, for it was thought, and with reason, that to obtain an ally like the Bishop of Ade laide was to make a great stride towards the end sought to be obtained by teeto tallers. But, as was to he -expected, it was among tbe Bishop's own people that his arrival and enthronement attracted most attention, for they thoroughly recognised how much the welfare of the Church depended upon the tact and energy of the new Bishop. The Diocese had been so well managed in the past by Bishop Short, and had. bv his rawer of organization, been brought into so prosperous a condition, that it was essential for its future wellbeing that a man who was thoroughly abreast of the times should be chosen to govern its affairs, and the Church seems to have been fortunate in securing such a head. Bishop Kennion does not at all belie thereports which have preceded him. His style of pulpit oratory is such as delights the culti vated ear, his choice of English is refined, and he is very fluent and entirely free "from mannerisms. His voioe is pleasant and clear-sounding, reaching to all parts of the Cathedral. As an extempore public speaker be also showed to equal advantage, end his presence iB most attractive. The ceremony itself was most imposing, and no doubt drew forth from old celonists who were present a comparison with the simple induction service of Biehop Short, which took place thirty-lfive years age, wheu trained choirs and ecclesiastical pageantry were probably not even thought of by the 1 most ambitious South Australian Churchman. The programme of the enthronement was as similar as it could be made compatible with the altered state of things to that wbietutoak place when IDr. Wilbertarce was installed as Bishop of Winchester. All arrangemaate'for the ceremony were completed some weeks ago, and they have been given effect to by : Bean Russell :and Canon Bendy, whs were assisted in musical matters by Mr. A. UoUlt. The proceedings constituted one of the most; interesting ecclesiastical ceremonies which has ever been held in Australia, and in none: of the 6ther coSonies has such a programme beeu carried out with greater suecess. The • time advertised for the opening1 of the ' Cathedral doors was half-past; 9 on'Wednesday morning, but prior to' 9\. o'clock, a large number of peorile had' assembled., outside the building. WhoE the; doors were thrown open the crush was (very great, and then was seen the wisdom of those who suggested <ibe adoption of tbe ftififeet system, for if it had not bees {put into-cpera tion the- visitors <could not have been so quickly and easily accommodated, while ithe crush would have been tremendous. Peqple continued to. pour into the bcildiug usilEa little past '10, wlnaa almost every available seat-was occupied. His Excellency 6 he: Governor, accompanied by Lady Kobinsoa, the-Chief Justice,, ffce Chief Secretary, the: Private- Secretary- (Kr. E. W. Harvard) and' tbe Aide-de-camp(Csgstain Haggard), were in-' commodates! with reserved seats in Crontof the: nave, as alEo were'His Worship the Mayor of f Adela-de, the Town CSark, and the Synods- ; men present. I The most yirominent.ifeature in the cere- j mony, apart from thesnstual enthronement, j was the singinpof the ckcir. That body is so well known for .the excellent manner iu which I it renders high-class ecclesiastical music that at was to be expected that-on such a memor able occasion its ranks wctflid be swelled to T&eir; full strenptb, and (that the musical portion of the ceremony wouJt be thoroughly wsll rendered. "That such.wac the case will be-testified to'.by all who-attended tbe service, and Mr. Bcrult must have felt grati fie&at; the praises which were bsstowed upon the -singing. The anthem chosea was most appropriate, being 'Kr. Staiuerls "Awake, awake, put on-thy.strength, OZtea," which was composed for theinstallatioiuof Bishop | WilberSarce. 'It opened with a tasght six eight time chorus "Awake, awake*'srf about four pagss in length, with yiome veryctriking progressions on tbe third ps^?e, working up to a double use of the word " Awake" inagrison, which formed a -most elective ending. Then followed the quartette, "How beau tiful upon tbe "Mountains;" in svhich Master A. Everard and Messrs. J. 'Dean, T. Nosx) way, and A. Boult took part. It wfa splendidly sung, and its composition showed l3r. -Stainer to be a thorough contrapuntist. The tenors and basses then took up the re citative, "Thy -watehmen shall -lift up the' voice." Tliis is followed "by a sisgularly beautiful cboms, " Break forth into joy," with a most pleasing theme, which, after masterly treatment in four time, suddenly developed into a three-time chorus, endcug with a succession of "Halleluiahs." The : milrfc in the Commonion Service was also splendidly rendered, but owing to sadden illness Master Everard was unable to sing | the " Gloria in Excelcia," which consequently had to be taken by cne of the tenors. In accordance with the programme, the clergy, the Wardens of the Cathedral, and the lay memliers of the Synod met at Id o'clock in St. Barnabas College, whence the procession was to inarch to the Cathedral. The clergymen present were Dean Russell, Archdeacons Marryat and Dove, Canons Howell, M.A., Morse, Green, Dendy, D.D, Coombs, and Andrews, the Revs. F. R, Coghlan, B.A.. T. Field,. M.A., M. M. WbittomR.B. Webb.M. A.,C. W. Hawkins, W. B. Sells, M.A., F. S. Poole. M.A., H. Howitt, W. H. Mudie, J. Leader, LL.B., C. G. Taplin, E. Jenkins, R, Kenny, M.A., R. Reid, S. Hinson, C. H. Young, F. T. Whitington, A. Honnor, F. Williams, M.A., J. Houghton, W. J. Bnssell, J. C. Haynes, J. W. Gower, J. M. Donaldson, Mathias. S. French, Orchard, W. S. Moore, E. K. Miller, and H. M. Pollitt. There were also present eight honoiary Wardens and thirty-Sevan Synodsmen. At half-past 10 the procession was formed in the following order: —Honorary Wardens of the Cathedral, Synodsmen, Choristers, Lay Clerks, Deacons. Priests, the junior clergymen going first, followed by the senior clergy, Canons Morse, Andrews, Green, and Howell, the Percen ter (Canon Dendy), Canon Coombs, and Archdeacon Dove, Archdeacon Marryat, aud Dean Russell. ; then came the Bishop's Chaplain (the Rev. A. G. Rawstorne) bearing the pastoral stafT, and next him was Bishop Kennion, who in his turn wasfollowed by the Registrar (Mr. A. Sturcke). The pro cession marched to the Cathedral, the choir and members of it singing. Processional Hymn No. 5592. On reaching the northern porch door the Wardens and Synodsmen formed into two files, between which the choir, clergy, the Bishop, and the Registrar passed into the building. The choir ranged themselves into their usual places, and the clergy moved upwards towards the organ gradual, 'where seats had been provided for them, the Bishop being conducted to the Episcopal Chair on the chanceL Versicles were then Baid, after which the Dean gave the following special Collect:— O Thou Good Shepherd of the sheep, who hast gathered to Thyself a great flock in all parte of the world, assist with Thy heavenly grace nil Bishops and pastors that they may lead Thy people into good pastures, and bring them safely to Thine eternal fold. And for this Thy servant, who has been invested with the office of a Bishop, we pray that it may please Thee to grant him such strength of faith and ferronr of love and purity of life that he may use his office well. So we that are Thy people and the ebeep of Thy pasture will give Thee thanks for ever: Who with the Father and the Holy Ghost liveth and TCicneth one God. World without end. Amen. Then were snpg the proper Psalms cxxii., csxxii., cxxxiii. At the conclusion of the Psalms the Bishop delivered to the Bean his letters commendatory from the Archbishop of Canterbury, which the Dean handed to the Registrar, to be read before the congregation. The Registrar then read them as iollows To all Christian people to whom these presents shall come: We the Most Reverend Archibald Camnbell. Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, Primate •f all England and Metropolitan; the Right Reverend Joseph Barber, Lord Bishop of Durham; the Bight Reverend Edward Harold, Lord Bishop of Winchester; the Right Reverend Edward White, Lord Bishop of Trnro; and the Right Reverend William WalBham, Bishop of Bedford, send greeting: Whereas we have been duly requested and autho rized by the Synod of the Diocese of Adelaide, in the province of South Australia, with the approval of the several Bishops of Australia and Tasmania, to appoint a fit and proper person to be Bishop of the See of Adelaide aforesaid, now vacant by the resignation of the Right Reverend Augustus Short, D.D., late Bishop thereof. Now, we the said Archibald Campbell, Lord Arch bishop of Canterbury; Joseph Barber, Lord Bishop of Durham ; Edward Harold, Lord Bishop of Win chester : Edward White, Lord Bishop of Truro; and William Walsliam, Bishop of Bedford, do hereby certify that, acting under the authority so delegated to us, we have appointed the Reverend George Wyndham Kennion, M.A., to be Bishop of the said See of Adelaide. As witness our hands this first day of Auguit, in the year of our Lord oae thousand eight undred A.C.Cantoar. J. B. Dunblm. E. H. WlNTON. E. W. Trurok." Wh. Walsuab Bedford. This., to certify that the within appointment of the Beverend George Wyndham Kennion, M.A.,as Bishop of the See of Adelaide, in the province of ' South Australia, was duly registered and recorded in the principal registry of the Archi-Episcopal See of the province of Canterbury. Dated the 29th day of'November, 1882. John Hassard, Principal Registrar. On Thursday, the thirtieth day ef November, jn 'the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two (being Saint Andrew's Day, the Apostle and'Martyr), and in the fourteenth year of the translation of the Right Hooonrable ana Most 'Reverend Father in'God, Archibald Campbell, by 'Divine Providence Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, 'Primate-of all England nidi Metropolitan, and in the Jerusalem Chamber, situate in the Deanery of the Collegiate Cburdh of Saint Peter, in the City of 'Westminster, where the Right 'Honourable John, Lord Bishop of London, and other Right Reverend Bishops, the Dean of the said Collegiate Church, and others had assembled, the Royal Writ and "Mandate of Her Most Gracious Majesty was pre sented'by me the undersigned,'Principal Registrar of-the-province-of-Canterbury,'te "the said Lord 'Bishop {of London, together with a commission : from the said Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, which commission was accepted by the said Lord Bi9bop ,of London and the "Right Reverend Bishops therein -mentioned; and (hen the Right Reverend the iBiShops aforesaid, together with'the"Reverend the 'Bishop (selected and appointed to till -the See of r&do1fli;(lA\ .BtAnfinnMl in iVia ctitd Rntral Kfnndafa /Adelaide) -mentioned in the said Royal Mandate, -accompanied by-the Very Reverend the Dean and 'Canons-of the said Collegiate Church, proceeded iintatbo-said Collegiate Church, and after prayers thereto AlmiglityGod and a sermon, the said Lord 'Bishop of 1 London-passed from-the north side of the Holy Communion table, and standing by the chair tplaced'for and usually occupied by the Archbishop •of Canterbury, commanded the commission from Hi "Grace to be read. The said commission was nsad'hyimeithe -undersigned, Principal Registrar, in the words following : — Archibald Campbell, by Df-dine Providence Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, Prfaiate.of.all -England and Metropolitan.—To tile Bigbt Reverend-Fathers in- Christ, John, Lord Bishop of London-; lEdvard 'Harold, Lord Bishop ef Win chester; Anthony-Wilson,'Lord Bishop of Rochester; and VttUiam Ralrvmple, Lord Bishop of Lichfield, greeting: 'Whereas we 'have -received Her Majesty's licence, under 'her Royal sign manual and Signet, authorising rand .empowering us to consecrate the Reverend (George Wyndliom Kennion, M.A., to be a Bishop in, the 'intent that 'he should exercise his functions fa .one -of Her Majesty's possessions ' abroad; anf> whereas, by reason of our ill state of ' health we est- -unable personally to consecrate the said George Wyndham Kenmnn, we do therefore grant our cMnuiFSion and authority, by virtue of these presents, go-you^or any three off you, to conse crate the said George -Wjasdham Kennion on Thurs day, tho thirtietfe day of November instant (being ibe feast of Saint Andrew}, in the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter ai Westminster, and to do and per form all and singular thing and things, act and acts, which are by Sw then and there to be done in the said business of osnsecratinn. Given at Adding ton, in the County of feiraey, the twenty-fourth day of November, in the jot of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two, and in the fourteenth year of our translation.—A. C. Caktaur. Thou the *«atd Lord Bishop of London took hfs seat, and the. Weverend George Wyndbasa Keaaion, D.D. (the il&hop; selected and appointed as aforesaid), having 'been duly presented, direetedthe Queen's Mandate topue read, the tenor of tbe Royal Mandate being as foilctsrsVictoria Beg.—Victoria, by the graze of rv a .til rr_!i.r t/: i « a n n°» « find.uof the United Kingdom fire&t; Rrfcafn and Ireland, Queen. Defender of die Faith.—To the Mostdteverend Father In nod, Anshibald Campbell, by -Divfcce Providence Lord Archbishop of Canter bury. iPifcnate of all England and Metropolitan, greeting: Whereas yon the said Archbishop bare humbly .applied to ns for OHr licence by warrant wider onr sign inannal and signet, authorizing and empowering foci to consecrate our trusty and welt beloved George tVyndh∈ Reunion, Master of Arts, to be a Bishop to the intent that he should exercise bis functionB is one of our possessions abroad. Mow it fa onr will and fdezsure, and we do by this our licence under our sfgn manual and signet authorize and empower yon tiieeaid Archblabop to consecrate the said George Wyndham Eennion to be a Bishop; and we do further authorize and empower you to do, perform, and execute all and singular those tbiDgs which belong to yonr pastoral office in respect of such consecration as aforesaid, according to the laws, statutes, and canons in this behalf made and provided. Given at our Court at" Balmoral this sixth day of November, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two, in the forty-sixth year of onr reign. By Her Majesty's commands.—Kimdermv. And the said Boyal Mandate and Commission having . been so read by me the undersigned, John Hassard, Notary Public, Principal Registrar of the province of Canterbury ; the Bight Honourable and Bight Reverend Father in God, John, by Divine permis sion, Lord BiBbop of London ; tbo Right Beverend Edward Harold, Lord Bishop of Winchester: Anthony Wilson, Lord Bishop of Rochester; and William Talrymple, Lord Bishop of Lichfield ; in virtue and in pursuance of the said commission of the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and by the authority of the aforesaid Boyal Mandate, conse .crated the aforesaid Heverend George Wyndham Kennion, D.D., a Bishop, to the intent that he should exercise hiB functions abroad,"as mentioned in the said Boyal Mandate, the following Bight Heverend Bishops assisting at the consecration, \- viz.Doctor Augustus Short (late Bishop of Ade > laide), Doctor Vincent William Byan (late Bishop of Mauritius), Doctor Isaac Hehnuth (late Bishop of Huron), Doctor Samuel Thornton (Bishop of Bal larat), Doctor Andrew Burn Snter (Bishop of Nelson), and Doctor William Walsham How (Bishop Suffragan of Bedford), the rites, circumstances, and ceremonies anciently used in the Church of England being observed and applied according to the form and manner prescribed in the book entitled " The form and manner of making and consecrating Bishops, Priests, and Deacons," in the presence of me, John Hassard, Notary Public and Principal Begistrar of the province of Canterbury, there being also then and there present the Very Beverend George Granville Bradley, D.D., the Dean of the aforesaid Collegiate .Church, and the Beverend Frederick William Farrar, D.D., one of the Canons of the said Collegiate Church, together with Harry Wiimot Lee, Esqnire, one of the Secretaries of the said Most Beverend the Archbishop of Canterbury, with many others then and there assembled. Which I attest. John Hassaud, Begistrar and Notary Public. The Bishop advancing to the centre of the chancel then made the following decla ration I George Wyndham, Bishop of Adelaide, do hereby promise to respect, maintain, and defend the rights, privileges, and liberties of this Church and Diocese, and to rule therein with truth, justice, and charity, not lording it over God's heritage, but endeavouring to snow myself in ail things an example to the flock. And this I will do, the Lord being my helper. Amen. The Dean, accompanied by Archdeacons Marryat and Dove and the Fcrcentor, then took the Bishop by the right hand, and con ducted, him to the throne within the altar the Sean and Chapter and of the Synod of Adelaide, I Alexander Bussell, Bachelor of Divinity, do induct thee, George WyndhamKeunion, Doctor of Divinity, into the occupation of the See and Diocese of Ade laide, and therewith do instal thee in the possession, authority, and jurisdiction which pertain to the Bishop of this See in accordance with the funda mental provisions and regulations of this Diocese. The anthem. "Awake, awake, put on thy strength, 0 Zion," by Dr. Stainer, having i been sung, the Bishop then proceeded with the Holy Communion, the Archdeacon of Adelaide acting as Epistoler, and the Arch deacon of Flinders as Gospeller. After the Nicene Creed, Hymn No. 316 was sung, and then followed the sermon by the Bishop. His Lordship then preached the following sermon on the text—" 1 in them and Thou in Me, that they may be made perfect in one, and that the world may know that Thou has sent Me, and liast loved them as Thou has loved me."—John xvii. 23:—" Who of us can ignore the significance of the scrvice of to day 1 You are to- day taking your part in the completion of an act which has linked afresh your memories with the great Abbey 12,000 miles away. Of eld the enthronement of the Bishop and his first utterances to the people of his Diocese were of the essence of his investiture with his sacred office. Some of the marked features of the ancient ceremonies have wisely been discontinued; but to day you have, as it were, ratified and sealed the selection and appointment of your Bishop. You have joined to-day in solemn prayers for him, as you did in touching sympathy at the hour of his consecration; you have raised again your thanksgiving as m the beauteous service on his immediate arrival among you j but you have done more to-day —you have placed, him with all due solemnity in the allotted seat or throne in his Cathedral, as though you took your share in entrusting him with the chief oversight of the Church in this diocese, as though you would have him the ' personal centre of unity,' as the Cathedral is the ' local centre of unity' in the Diocese. That it is possible for you to have this installation of the Bishop in the mother Church of the diocese—the parish Church of the parish Churches—and thus place him at the head of the Conciliar Chapter, suggests at once one of the chief difficulties before him—one of which he may well speak to-day. We are not gathered together in one •of those antique Cathedrals of our old land, whose walls, grey with glorious age, arc instinct with the religious life and sentiment of many generations. We have not the memories of centuries which have contributed of their spirit and of their wealth until, in its variety, the building has become the record of tbe many phases through which it has passed, and has gathered its very strength and majesty from its long continuance. We are standing on the threshold of a new world. Gne generation—nay, one life, one man—has seen the growth of the Church in this colony. Under the guiding providence of God and in the faith of Christ has the organization of this vast Dioccsc been extended over an area larger than that of France by one man's fostering care. With him as leader has the ■Church emerged the brighter from the troubles which may have seemed heavy indeed at the time when all State aid was taken from her. Through his energy was gathered the goodly band which in growing town or in distant station has proclaimed tbe glorious gospel of our God and Saviour. ! One by one rose the Churches planted during his Episcopate, until now are conse sexdted. One by one advanced to completion the Collegiate School, tbe Theological College. Steadily and solidly were accomplished the various schemes of diocesan finance. Then, encouraged by his zeal, guided by his far seeing wisdom, you have boldly begun this great Cathedral. His example animated you. It was a noble work to undertake for the glory of pur God. To have been able to begin and half complete such a building as this in which to-day we worship is suffi ciently indicative of the vigour with which my great and revered predecessor made his Episcopacy a reality. I have spoken of facts that are apparent. This is no place or time for eulogy. H inonumenlum gucerio, circumspice, and the difficulty is to follow such a man. I do not come among you_ with the claims of academical distinction. I make no pretension to the ripe scholarship, or the knowledge cf ecclesiastical law, or tbe brilliant gifts of your foi mer Bishop. I can but bring yon the experience such as my age will allow me to speak of. gained in pastoral work, and J.come because I was sent. When Bishop Selwya accepted the Bishopric of New Zealand lie wrote:—' It has never seemed to me to lie in the power of an individual to choose the field of labours most suited to his own powers. Those who are the eyes of the Church and have seen him acting in the station in which God has placed him are the best judges whether he ought to go up higher. Wherever or whatever the duty may be, with whatever prospects or adjuncts ofemolumentordignity, or without any, the only coarse seems to be to undertake it at the bidding of the proper authority, and to execute it with all faithfulness. These words I would make my own. In this spirit have I come among you, trusting in 'Him' whose I am, and whom I 'endeavour to serve,' whose 'strength is made perfect in weakness,' and asking that your prayers given so earnestly at the time of the choice of your Bishop may he continued for him now he is among you, that with oue heart and one1 niind we may labour together, helping one another in advancing the Kingdom of God.- ' Thus, and thus only, can our work be rightly done. Union with onr dear Lord, and in Him nnion with one another, this is the antecedent condition of all true' Chnreh work. Therefore have I chosen for my first text among yon words from the wondrou.8 prayer prayed by our. Lord Jesns on the eve of His crucifixion. It is a prayer" for union, that the unity of the Church may be the conviction of the world. HiB disciples' heard it- There must have been a special object in this pouring out of his soul in the very presence and hearing of others. The prayer becomes a revelation. We know from this solemn communing with His Father the - verymindandthe will of ourDivine Lord. Yet it is a prayer. The High Priest is beading as it were over the great sacrifice, and he whoee whole life on earth has been bnt one continuous fulfilment of His Father's wiil new offers Himself, now consecrates Himself for the offering, for the sins of the whole world. But in the very thrill and awe of the coming oblation He sees of the travail of His soul and. is satisfied. They will destroy that sacred temple in which the Divine Presence was manifested unto men. But another temple should be raised in which the perpetual tabernacling among men should be realized The world which had known Ilim not might thiol: to get rid of Jesus of .Nazareth. But His body, the Church, would become the sphere of His life among men, for the risen and ascended Lord would pourforth His Spirit - on His Church, and in that Spirit would Himself be with her to the end of the world. And so He looks forward in confidence, and projecting himself into the future. caBtB llimeelf in His Church upon the world, just as in the Incarnation He had thrown Him self as a, little infant upon the sympathy and love of these who would give it Him He knew that then He wonla come to His own and they would receive Him not. He knows that for His Church there is awaiting the Bame treatment. But yet the world will one day learn of the Saviour's redeeming mission, ana w ill one day learn of the love God has* for His Church—His adopted family. The Church's union with her God shall prove it ;• and eo Be prays, and would God that prayer that entered into the ear of the Lord God of Sabaoth might quicken our hearts to-day— " I in them and Thou in Me, that they may be perfected into one, and that the world - may know that Thou has sent Me, and lovest them—(not haBt loved)—as Thou lovest Me." It is a -wonderful thought, that of the body of Christ living on. It alters the whole con ception of one's duty to realize it, and to grasp the fact that the risen and ascended Lord has given to His people to live out His life for Him—to carry on His mission for Him on the earth. The Apostles taught by' the Holy Ghost have caught up and enlarged' upon this teaching. Sometimes it is as a family or a household over which Christ is - the head that the Society or Kingdom of the; Lord is described—that the harmony and brotherly love of the household may reflect - the peace within and attract the outer world SomttimeB as a building of which human lives are the Uving stones; a building shapely^ and symmetrical, manifesting the orderliness* and steadfastness of the God of Order. And yet more frequently do they speak of the. Church as the body of ChriBt—a body capable of growth, receptive of nourishmeut; nay, growing only by its nourishment and in its action, with its work given it, and its power to work. And all this from JesuB Christ-its unseen head. All, too, in virtue of the redemp tion He accomplished. And this body are < we. And here in this prayer our BlsBsed Lord declares the twofold purport of His Church— the twofold message which it must ever bear - to the world. Each is in reality inseparable front the other. Yet sometimes in the history' of Christianity men have apprehended only the one or the other. At one time it is the' nevcrtoooften- told truth of the.Saviour's' mission, to a sinful world—" That the" worKE may know that Thou has sent Mc." Never can wc lie too thankful for what is popularly called the Evangelical revival of the ChunclL-. of England. In days when she seemed dead-, and cold, it was found she had enshrined in her a message, which touched the hearts of men who listened, and the strong faith in the plain story of redeeming love in the forgive ness of sins, as it coursed through the veins - of her life, awoke now forces, new energies, within her. True that many touched by the fire of the message which came home to them,, imjiatient of her restraints, broke from her and formed new spiritual communities for ■ tlieniEelves. But how shall we blame them ■ if they found their vigour manifesting itself mostly in desintegration when they had learned no bond of union Bavc that of an establishment, and had placed, before them no ideal of a brotherhood— of a Society—of a kingdom—of a body formed by the Lord and' Master Himself? Thank God that if they have weakened us and themselves by their separation, they have . yet borne far and wide the great tidings of a ■ Saviour's love; and back, and back againmusb - the Church go to this her primal message— Jesus Christ and Him crucified—" That the world may know that Thou hast sent Me." Never apart from this can she nor ought she to touch the heart of the world. But to the - other great truth which oar text indicates as the second great message which the Church - has to bear ana to prove to the world—" That - Thou lovest them as Thou lovest Me." We : are awakening in later days. There is a - yearning for brotherhood. TherS is aloa&r; mg to realize the power involved in hearts being animated by a common cause. And where will this longing be satisfied ? bnt in the family life of the House over which, Christ is the Master; in the Society which, quickened by uniou and communion with its Lord, has gathered of His spirit in the body of which He is the Head—and through which shall ever circulate the vivifying graces of the Spirit sent from on high—in the temple of living stones built for the habitation of the Holy Ghost. Tis die sublime oi man—our noontide majesty— To know ourselves parts and proportions of one - wondrous whole. This fraternizes man; this constitutes our - charities and our bearings, but 'tis God ■ diffused through all that doth make all one whole. How it raises one's courage, one's hopes and. aspirations, to awake to the fact that iD this body to which we belong we are not isolated ana alone. Our religion, a bind ing force between us and our God, does not separate us from our brethren and sisters in the Church of Christ Jesus. Thousands of them all over the world are struggling as we are struggling with the forces of temptation, are striving and energizing as we are striving and energizing to walk in the path which the Lord Jesus has directed, but the thought, as has been beautifully suggested, that St. Peter's Cathedral in Adelaide, and St. Peter's, in Westminister Abbey, are only, as it were, side Chapels in the great Cathedru of Christendom, surely must unite us in spirit And the thought that those who in the wave of the Lord JesuB, who in obe dience to His Holy Spirit are_living the life which He meant'them to live in the kingdom or Society which He founded. Christ's Holy Catholic Cliurcli, as lie indicates, is surely the sphere in which love of His Father, the love of the father to his children, and the love of ■the brethren to one another, can be realized through you with Christ Jesus our Lord. My brethren, if this be so how great is the trust which devolves upon every one of us ? Our Lord Jesus has prayed," I in them and Thou in Me, that they may be made perfect in One, and that the world may know that Thou hast sent Me and hast loved them as Thou hast loved Me." This is a trust devolving upon everyone of you, but surely especially true is this of us oi the ministry. We, brethren, are not a caste separate and apart from you. We are the organs of the body; but the body does not exist for us, but we for the body. True it is that the body does not choose us, but the Lord Jesus chooses us for the body. The body cannot say * We have no need of you,' and yet the life of the Church is not inus.butin the whole Ijody, of "which wg arc the organs. It was pointed out to me in an emphatic manner by your dear late Bishop, though X had read it with much interest just before, how that in a latelv published book, by perhaps one •of the best-known divines of our English J -Church, Canon Weston, it has been most clearly and in the most scholarlike manner proved how the great charge and commission given by our Blessed Lord, and narrated in ' the 20ih chapter of St. John, was a charge given, and a commission given, not merely to the Apostles, but to the Church as a whole. . I shall never . forget the emphasis with which he pointed this out, and the encouragement and the pleasure which it . seemed to me to be to liim to have this thus brought before bim. Yes, brethren, our functions are delegated functions. _When we . are praying in the congregation it . is you who, through our lips, are pleading the sacred name in which the petitious . are offered. When we stand at the -holy table of Our Ijord, to " shew forth His death till He come," it is you who -are thus pleading your faith in the one atone ment once made for the sins of the whole world. If we are in any manner receptive of -God's grace and truth it is indeed as organB of the body ; it is for the growth of the body that we are thus blessed from _ above. . Xt \- does not diminish our responsibility, it in creases it. It must ever throw us back in our relations to the great Head. Are we con . scious oi a real commission ? Yes. We have received the sword of heaven from no dead hand. It is as a living body the Church has . invested us with our high office. Many a time in hours of perplexity and despondency it will help us to go back to this grand fact, . that the Church Commission is not a mere . reflection of some action of a past age.. It is in the uaire of her living Lord, who is now with His Church, and wno invigorates us who have been called to this office with His present power. We are sent forth to work. " We are ministers of God," says Harker, " as , from whom our authority is derived, and not of inea." " I cannot," says Dr. Vaughan, '' conceive a more wretched feeling in the soul of a Christian miuister than that which , should doubt the validity of his own commis sion." The Church, of which Christ is the ' head; the Church, in which the Spirit ■ dwells; the Church, in which the ascended Lord gave certain spiritual gifts—amongst them those of paatorsand teachers—ordained, ■ commissioned, sent ine. Equally _ truly does all this apply to the office of the Bishop, liaised in the providence of God a little higher than his brethren only that he may take a wider view than others of the field ■ of work, yet for him in its es . sence the same responsibilities will . for ever be attached. Hear again what Bishop Selwyn has carefully written " The episcopate is a title . not of honour but of work, and in that spirit I trust to be ■ enabled to exercise my office. I do not con sider myself exempt from any duty which ■ can fall upon any Priest or Deacon in the diocese, except so far as my own purely episcopal duties shall absorb my time and • demand a priority of attention; 'Only on the throne will I he greater' than you. It is not so much that I have vacated any other order to which I was formerly ordained, but that I have been consecrated to another office, the duties of which are added to those for which I was responsible before. Upon this principle it follows at once that lam placed here to act not so much over you as with you. For one point in which I seem to be placed over you, that is, in the power o coercion atd government, there are many in which I am associated with you in the dis ■ charge of the duties of the same Divine ministry. And even in the power of coercion which 1 so.cm to exercise, it is not so much in my own person that I so act as in the spirit of the whole clergy, or rather of the Church ■ Catholic, the execution of whose decrees is vested in me. I believe the monarchical idea •of the episcopate to be as foreign to the true mind of the Church as it is adverse to the • Gospel doctrine of humility. Let it never be thought that I alone am interested in the good government of the Church and that you ■ are merely subjects to obey. Whatever interest you have in the work I have also. If an offending brother is to he brought under the censure of the Church what am I but the • organ of the generalsense of theclergy, which demands that the unclean thing shall be put -away as a scandal to their order? I might consult my own ease by conniving at disorder, but you would reap the bitter fruit in the ■deeay of your influence and in the frowning indifference if not contempt of your people. You must recognise, therefore, a joint in terest in the office of the Bishop, looking upon him not as as a tyrant'to compel you to -do what you would not, but as your own agent and instrument to carry into effect what you know to be right and wish to do, but which you couldnotaccomplish of yourselves." Yes; work together; work hand in hand. This surely must be our principle .and motto, if we would carry out m our lives the two fold message of our text, to prove the Re deemer s mission and God's love for His Church, and that in His Church the whole world may realize Ids love for all. Thus, how necessary is union with our Blessed Lord! No wonder He prayed for unity, for He knew so well what would he the diffi culties and wants of every one of us. He knew that we could hot do without Him iu whatever position we might in the provi -dence of God be placed.. Yes: great, indeed, is our need of union with Him, and to be I perfected into one that we may be able to tread the thorny path. It was only through His suffering that the blessed Lord Himself tvas perfected as the Captain of our salva tion, and through suffering union with Him is alwayB essential. Our need of Him is so great that if we realize, this, brethren, let us not forget the other side, which is shown equally true, that great as the need to us of I the presence of our Lord, He also has need 1 of us. Thus, as in the Holy Gospels for the week were mid of our blessed Lord utilizing l that which the little boy carried, and turning it to such vast account, so may we remember j that however puny may be our efforts in the ; sight of Heavenly God they are a power, for | God had need of them to turn them to account iu the furtherance of His work. He has need -of us, aud closer and closer then let us each uuU all endeavour to do honour to Him, realizing above all our union with Him in that consecrated feast to which we to-day are again invited; realizing, too, that wherever we go we must not be apart from Him, and realizing also that however ineffectual may appear our own efforts " we can do all things through Christ which strengthenest us." Brethren, before I close I would fain ask you to give with especial liberality to that fund for which to-day your alms are invited. We are to give to-aay as God has prospered us towards the completion of the building of this Cathedral, which will ever, I trust, stand in our midst not only, though chiefly, as a reminder of the worship due to our blessed Lord, our great unseen Head, but also in lesser degree as a memorial of the wondrous work which has already in God's providence been accomplished by the great man whom I am called upon to succeed. You, who knew his value and know so well his wondrouB work, will surely not be behind-hand in at tempting to promote that work which you know he had so closely at heart. I will not now speak much about the Cathedral; I will only just ask you in the sight of God, as He has prospered you, to give ;!ortheglory of our Lord ana Saviour Jesus Christ, 1 will ask you to give to-day liberally, beeause you know how much He has done for us. I will ask you to give, not only that you may see this as a central place of worship in the whole diocese, not only that you yourselves may some day enjoy sendees in the completed Catnedral, but because to-day, realizing your need of union with Him—without Him we can do nothing—you would fain give Him of your best, who gave His life so lovingly for us. Immediately after the sermon the offertory sentences were sung, during^ which the Wardens received the alms or the people, which on this occasion were devoted towards the completion of the Cathedral, and which were presented and placed by the Bishop upon the Holy Table. After the prayer for the Church Militant had been given by the Bishop the Holy Communion was proceeded with and completed. At the conclusion of the service the choir, clergy, \\\ ardens, and bynodsmen reformed themselves into a pro cession and returned to St. Barnabas College, where certain addresses were to be presented to the Bishop. Dean Russell said on behalf of the Synod he had to present an address from that body. It was very brief, but it had been purposely made so in order that all appearance of fulsome flattery might be absent, and he trusted that the Bishop would And as loyal and as true friends here as he had left behind in England. The Registrar of the Diocese (Mr. A. Sliirckc) then read the address as follows To the Bight Bev. George Windham Kennion, by Bivine Permission Lord Bishop of Adelaide. Bight Bev. Father iu God—We the Synod of (he Diocese of Adelaide desire to offer you a cordial and affectionate welcome on your arrival amongst ub ; and to assure you that you may rely on our co- operation with your Lordship in the measures you may take for the good of the Church. When the Synod delegated the election of our Bishop to the late revered Archbishop of Canter bury and other English Bishops our prayers were offered to God that it would please Bun to afford to those men Bis divine guidance in choosing one who would be to us a true chief pastor. We may humbly hope that those prayers were not offered in vain. The earnestness, the devotion, and the success of yonr ministry as a parish priest were made known to us, and we rejoice to think that the qualities which so attached to you your former nock uill now in this Diocese have a still larger field of exercise. A great work is before the Church in this country, which can only be accomplished by the union of our three orders—Bishop, Clergy, ana Laity. We trust that you may have such blesBing on your Episcopate as to canse you to rejoice that the call to be our Bishop came to you. even though it may have involved the rending asunder of asso ciations that were very dear and sacred. We offer you a hearty welcome, and the assurance of our dutiful obedience, and we are with all reject, Your faithful servants in Christ Jesus. Signed on behalf of the Synod of the Diocese of Adelaide, A. Bussell, Dean of Alfred Sfencf. Adelaide C. H. T. CONNOR William B. Andrews, Arthur Boult Bon. Canon C.B.Young Charles Marrvat, Geo. M. Turndill Archdeacon of Ado- W. D. SCOTT laide Nathl, Oldham George Dove, Arch- Jas. H. Cunnnigham deacon of Flinders S. Tomkinson Frank Coghlan B. S. Anthonv F. Slaney Poole, M.A. William Barlow Thomas Field, M.A. Wm. S. Douglas Samuel French J. G. Pitcher. J. C. Brav Augustus Sturcke, Secretary. Standing Committee of Synod. Church Office, Adelaide, March 7,1883. Bishop Kennion replied as follows My reverend brethren, my brethren of the laity —I think it most kind of you to welcome me in this manner on the very first day when in an official manner I appear as your chief pastor. The Dean just now in his kind words alluded to the briefness of the address. It is possible that you will forgive me if I make even a more brief reply. Already the day has been in a great measure trespassed upon by myself in particular, and 1 have to perform other duties which arc likely to occupy a good deal of time, yet I cannot pass this occasion by without saying a word or two in reply. Nobody could have been more astonished than myself when I opened the letter from the Archbishop of Canterbury telling ine that I had been unani mously elected by the Bishops asso ciated with himself and by himself to the Bishopric of this Kee, then vacant. He hoped iu liis letter that I should see my way clear to undertake the burden which they proposed to lav upon my shoulders. It is a very difficult thing for a man when he hears of such important work being offered to him to know exactly what to do. I think perhaps you would like to know what course I took under the circumstances. I thought the aavice of a scholar ought certainly to be obtained, and I knew, as I said in my sermon, that I cannot make any claim to academical distinction, and I therefore consulted Dr. Vaughan, blaster of the Temple. I knew that there were none so thoroughly critical as the friends of one's youth, and therefore I went to an old schoolfellow to ask his advice if I ought to accept the position. I went also to a companion who had travelled many hundreds of miles with me on the Continent, and spoke to him on the subject, for I knew that in the course of travelling one usually revealed his failings. I visited my own Bishop also, and then I went to the good and dear Archbishop of Canterbury. They all thought I ought to accept the position, and the Archbishop par ticularly piressed it upon me as a duty which I ought not to attempt to escape. Undfer these circumstances I thought my only course was to waive my own feeiings completely in the matter, and I feel, as I endeavoured to express this morning—I feel it all the more greatly because of the greatness of my pre decessor—the difficulties of the work that lie before such a young man as myself. I do feel, however, that I can count upon your sympathy, and I know already that yon are willing to extend to me the right hand of fellowship, that your hearts are right aB my heart is with you this day. and that you are willing to stand shoulder to shoulder by meand to help me through with the duties, whether onerous or light, which I ought to endeavour to discharge. For ail this I do most heartily thank God, and I also most cordially thank you, I know coming among you, where there are mauy so much wiser than me, many with vaster experience than myself, that it might seem almost pre sumption to allow myself to be placed at your head; but bb I wrote to the Dean that when St. Paul was advising Timothy to let no man. despise his youth he went on to add plain indications of how that danger was to be avoided.. It was said that by treating the elder members as fathers, and by treating the younger members as brothers, he might avoid the difficulty. In this way I hope, please God. I may count upon you as my friends. What I can give you ia the way of work shall certainly be at your ser vice. The experience which in God's provi dence I may have had in the multifarious duties which I may have had in the positions 1 have held shall also be at your disposal. I only pray God that I will not prove myself unworthy of the kindness and the sympathy which you are showing me on my first coming among you, and that I may be able in some measure to be of good to you is of course my constant prayer. I tlimk I have learnt that I may count upon your warm kindness and assistance in my work. In conclusion I thank you for the address. Mr. P. H. Carter then read the following ] address from the Church of England Sunday school Union To the Bight Bev. George Wyndhun Kennion. D.D. Lord Bishop of Adelaide. Bight Ber. Father in God—In the name of 5,(XK> Sunday-school children, taught by some 600 teachers, in the Diocese of Adelaide, we members of the Ghnrch of England Sunday school Union wish to approach your Lordship npon your arrival in Sonch Australia with an earnest expression of filial respect for the high office yon come among ns to fill. In the tidings which hare reached as of yonr im portant labours in England we have noticed with great satisfaction that the Sunday-school work of the Church has always had in your Lordship a pro minent and zealous supporter. This inspires us 'with strong confidence that those of yonr Lordship's flock whom we represent will be looked upon with special interest by yon. We venture to nope that in the position of Presi. dent of our Union, which you hold by virtue of your office, you will so far as your varied episcopal ] duties -allow assist and direct us by yonr wisdom and experience in the details of Sunday-school orgs rrization. Should your Lordship find it impracticable to afford vis very much of your time we shall be sus tained and encouraged by knowing that we have your warm personal sympathy and a place in yonr prayers. I With a hearty welcome from the Sunday-schools of your Diocese, we are, your Lordship's obedient and faithful servants in Christ, C. Marryat, M.a. w. Warner W. B. ANDREWS W. J. LAP1DOE T. Field, M.A., H, D. Holmes F. S. Poole, M.A. W. H. Holmes Fred. T. Wiutinoton J. C. B. Moncriepp. G. W. J. Thornton, Hon. Treasurer. Frank H. Carter, Hon. Secretary. Executive Committee Cbarch of England Sunday- | school Union, South Australia. Bis Lordship replied—Venerable Sirs and Gentlemen of the Laity:—I must thank you most warmly for this address, and I feel that in the subject on which you haveaddressed me that I have more right to be at home than on that in which I spoke just now. In my late parish we had about 1,700 Sunday-school scholars and teachers, and in other parishes where I have worked we have also had large numbers of school children. During i the time also that I was Diocesan In spector of the See of York, my duties being inspector of religious knowledge in schools, I think I examined about 30,000 children a year in an elementary know ledge of theology. I mention this in cor roboration of your remark that I am not altogether without experience in the work which I am so glad to find you have carried on so well here. I knew not what work a Bishop of the Church can do if in trying to follow the Chief Pastor he does not care for the lambs of the flock. At least I may say that they have my warmest love, and m any measure in which I can help you, you may command my services. I do not know any cIbbs of persons who so widely deserve real sympathy as Sunday-school teachers. Sunday after Sunday they give up that leisure which is so highly prized by | others ; to work which is always laborious, sometimes desponding, and which I think even to the ablest among them presents con siderable difficulties, yet they persevere. They do not always see the reward they would like to see, but they cannot forget that He who so loved children as to say " Suffer little children to come unto Me and forbid them not, for of such is the Kingdom of HeavenHe who folds iu His arms the little ones from whom He taught his disciples lessons ; He who tola those touching parables of the shepherds' care surely watches your work with undying interest and with eternal prayer. You have the sympathy not only of all good men on the earth, but you have in a special manner the sympathy of our Lord wno is in Heaven. You may be sure that your work is cared for by Him, and I doubt not that you have found out that in trying to teach those who are young you have yourselves been taught, and that in blessing others you have yourselves been blessed. You tell me that 1 am Official President of your Union, and there are few offices in this diocese that I should like more to see myself connected with than that. I do not kuow yet what spare time I shall have, and it will be very rash of me to make any promise or forecast my duties; but I can on'y say that, so far as pressure of duty admits, you shall not only have my heartiest sympathy but my first work. (Hear, hear.) Mr. G. W. Cole and the committee of the Total Abstinence League also presented an address, as follows :— To the Bight Beverend George W. KeuniOD, D.D., Lord Bishop of Adelaide May it please your Lordship-^-The committee of the South Australian Total Abstinence League and Band of Hope Union, together with other branches of the temperance cause, desire to extend to your Lordship their most cordial welcome. In doing so they would express joy and thankfulness that you Bbould hare been called to this province as succes sor to the Venerable Dr. Short in the See of Adelaide. Our organization is completely unsec tariun, many of those whom we represent being members of various Christian Churches; nevertheless we cannot but feel deeply interested in the pros perity of the Anglican Episcopal Church, and can testify to the love and esteem in which her clergy in this colony are held. The great influence which yonr Lordship will possess for good within the boundaries of your extensive Diocese is to us a most pleasing feature, having been already assured by report of the interest you have taken in the pro motion of social, moral, and spiritual welfare of the people. This leads us to anticipate that your sympathies and influence will be given to strengthen the hands of those who in this province are working or the suppression of intemperance and its causes. It is our most ardent wish that your Lordsbip will long be spared to occupy the exalted office you now fill, that the Church may greatly prosper under your pastoral care, and that Your residence amongst us may prove a source of happiness to yourself, to Mrs. Kennion, and to the colonist generally.—We are, Ac., 4\. Pickering, President of League; John Murray Dowie, Chairman of Executive; Geo. W. Cole, Honorary Secretary; David Nock, W. W. Win wood, B. Gill. J. Whitmore, members of Executive; John Bogers. Edwin Alcock, South Australian District, LO.B.; Char. H. Matters, H. J. Pudney, Albert District, LO.B.; C. Fuller, W. J. Lapidge, William B. Ste phens, Sons of Temperance; D. D. Troup, I.O.G.T. under the B.W. Grand Lodge of the World. His LoBDSmr replied—Gentlemen: I have to thank you very heartily for your kind and cordial welcome to me to-day—a welcome which I assure you is none the less grateful because it comes in so great a measure from those who are not members of the Church of England. I very fully recognise that we have to do this great work in common, and where we can work hand in hand together 1 am sure we shall be only too thankful to prove that we have the same cause at heart. Of course temperance work is attracting in a very great measure the absorbing interest, I think you may say. of all classes of society. Suppose yon take the army work, and just compare what has been said by Sir Garnet Wo&eley; of late with what used to be said in such books of the novel description as " Charles O'Mallcy," of the ways and doings of the army in the Peninsula, yon cannot fail to be Btruck with the immense strideB that temperance has made in the army. If you think of the wonderful work which Miss Western 1ms been able to do amongst sailors you will see, as I have already found by my own experience; that a large number of sailors who were supposed to he particularly addicted to drinking babitB nave become total abstainers. You will find that the Blue Ribbon Army has marched on with a success which I should think could never have keen expected by its foundere, and the numerous Bands of Hope for children testify to the interest which is felt in this great cause amongst the young. Certainly the Church of England Temperance Society, with its twofold platform of total abstainers and of those who wish only to use the gifts of God in perfect moderation, has got so large a hold of the people of England that I hope in the coming Budgets you will find that the temperance cause will be a very strong factor indeed. (Hear, hear.) I am told--I believe it was in the Daily Chronicle the other day—that Lord Harting ton has promised to fulfil the pledges of the Government to deal with the licensing question. He suggests that the necessary machinery of control may be provided by tbe County Government Bill, and this, from his representation, will afford the people some greater control over the granting and regulation of licences. Every one I should think must hope that tbe present Govern ment in England, which is so popular and powerful, may be able to deal with this ques tion at once. There are plenty of evidences that the work is telling everywhere. I do not know whether it is always the case in Adelaide, but in England, if you want to get up a large and popular meeting, it must be on the temperance question. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) I do not know whether it is also the case in Adelaide, but you will find in England that a very vast number of work ing men who have not in any way attached themselves to any Society are still to all in tents and purposes teetotallers. The parish in which I had the privilege of working for the last few years was composed of about 12,000 people, of whom at least about 11,000 would he of the working classes; and you would he astonished if you went amongst them to find how very large a number of these were men who, without attach ing themselves to a Society, carefully ab stained from making use of intoxicating liquors. I think it may not be necessary for all of us to become total abstainers—indeed, it is not possible for all of us to be abstainers, because though a great deal may be said by tbe doctors as to alcohol being totally un necessary for purnoses of health, there are those who feel that they are better for taking a little in moderation. Though I do not come among you as a total abstainer—and I am sorry the report got abroad that I was one, for I do not like to contradict it—still I can say that I have not long been a member of the Church of England Tcmperaucc Society. I have found this an admirable rule that I could wish we could persuade many others to follow—that is, never to touch any intoxicating beverage except at meal times, as a sure preventive against all excess. I do not think we can do better than urge those who do not see their way clear to become total abstainers to at once adopt some such rule as this. You know, I suppose, that the new Archbiehcp ot Canterbury has just been appointed President of tbeChurckof England lemperance Societv, and that he is a very ardent worker in the cause. I do not know whether you are also acquainted with the fact that the new Bishop of Tasmania has for a long time been a total abstainer, and I think you willfind alargenumberof Bishops in England, as well as the clergy, are, if not total abstainers, at least next door to it, for they take hardly anything at all. For a man to become a total abstainer, and to make a boast of it, and then to be obliged to give it up is a severe blow, not only to the cause but to himself, and I know of one great leader of the temperance cause in England who ieels so acutely the order of the physicians, who I think,first ad vised him to become a teetotaller, to go back to the use of alcohol, that he hardly likes now to go to a temperance meeting at all. He told nre the other day just before I left England that he felt it was hardly right for him to speak about the cause at all after hi6 failure, aud his being obliged to return to the moderate use of alcohol. So that I gather from these tilings that I have told you that it is not wise for persons like myself to say lamheginningat once toheatotol abstainer, and you may look upon me as one. I should not like to take such a position in such ranks, and then have to fall back from them; but so far as a real heartfelt sympathy with the cause, and so far as the conscious ness oi the terrible evils which beset Eng land, audi suppose beset the colonies, in connection with intemperance can urge me to forward the cause, I can say this, that you will not only have my constant prayers, you will not only have whatever sympathy I possess, but in any way in which you think I may be of use. in advancing the cause you have at heart you may command my sendees. In the evening the usual evensong service was held, and the Cathedral was well filled. The prayers were read by Canon Dundy, D.D., ana the lessonsby Canons Andrews and Howell. Tbe anthem was Sir John Goss's "Praise the Lord oh my soul." and the composition is a very good example of the sound. Church writing of the author. The quartette _ it contains is one of the most beautiful Sir John Goss ever wrote, and the final fugue in it is quite a masterpiece. His Lordship preached from the text—" The Lord that made heaven and earth bless thee out of Zion."—Psalm exxxiv. 3\. He first described the scene at one of the feasts of the Jews at Jerusalem, where the psalm from which the words of the text were taken was sung, and said that'pro bably tbe words seemed to some of those who heard them as an interpretation of their longings, and gave comfort to many an aching heart wishing that God might in some way make HimBelt known to them. Some might ask themselves why they might not in the freedom of their own choice serve God aa they thought best apart from all the forma and ceremonies or the Churches, and these had got hold of something of the great troth, as only in silence could true com munion of the heart with God take place, and could wc he taught how to approach and worship God. Yet storms of aoubt would sweep over the heart of men who were thank fnl in seasons of trial to enter the light and brightness of God's house, and to gather new strength. He referred to the advantages of worshipping God in communion, and to the value of a Cathedral such as the one which belonged to the Adelaide Diocese. He again reminded them of the deep debt of gratitude which they owed to the late Bishop for the wondrous love, wisdom, and energy he had displayed in furthering the work of the Church, and in founding one grand central place of worship in which they could pray for the blessings of God upon the whole Diocese. He also spoke of the difficult position in which he felt himself placed m following such a man as the late Bishop, ana he could only hope to perform his duties by trusting in Him who had sent him. He said the Christians of the present day had means of comfort beyond those which were available to the Jews, as by the Crucifixion of Christ the veil of sin which sepaT&ted; God from his people was torn away, and God and man were reconciled. Some persons thought that if they grasped the fact of reconciliation that was sufficient, but tbev must go further in order to - thoroughly realize the whole of the blessings that God was willing to bestow and Goers infinite love, and in order that the seasous which they celebrated might each have special significance. God was continually showering His blessings upon them, and for those who were brought to a perfect knowledge of Him the greatest blessing of all was reserved — that of the blessing of rest. It was impossible to walk rightly apart from God, and ne prayed that many weary hearts would find refresh ment and new strength in the services which were conducted in that Cathedral. He made another appeal to them to further by all means in their power the completion of the Cathedral, and expressed the hope that systematic efforts would soon be made to bring to the conclusion the work upon which the late Bishop had set hiB heart. 