LADIES' COLUMN. OUR LADIES' LETTER. [By One of Themselves.] I<nnrinn. .Tnlr 19. A Respite—The Subset Hills—July Days —Snakes—A Believing Pupil —Hib tobical Associations—Magna Charta— Stephen Langton—Pilgrim's Way—The Silent Pool—"In Death They Webe Not Divided"—A Love Stoby—Losely Hall—Old Memories—Valuable Relics —Foxgloves and Ferns—Woman's Suf frage—PersonalObsebvations—How to Cook Peas and Beans. Kind and generous friends having a lovely place not far from Guildford, in the midBt of the Surrey hills, invited me to take a short rest with them last week.' Wherever I go I occupy myself with what surrounds me, for I often find that change of work is as good as play, and that reading up the history and legends of a district, and visiting its his torical places, gives food for thought, but is a great change from my ordinary avocations. A very little knowledge of natural history gives great additional interest to country walks, and drives. How lovely was the wild wooded wilderness into which we strolled, juBt off the smooth, well-shaven lawn on which we left parties of tennis players boBy in their " courts" with racquets ana balls. A visit to the kitchen garden previously paid had filled our hand baskets with bright red luscious strawberries, full of sunbeams, to carry with ub into the shady groves into which we plunged throagh thickets of fernB, but we stepped aside not to crush the glorious fox gloves that reared their beautiful heads amid the tall, strong grass, and we sat under the shade of a fine old oak tree to enjoy our delicious fruit. The scent of the honey suckles struggling through the branches to meet the sunlight as it glinted through the leaves, brought back to memory other such July days long since past, for what influence is so subtle as that of perfume? Uncon sciously a whiff of almost forgotten fragrance recalls scenes that were of thrilling interest long, long ago, and perhaps far away. Nature is always true to herself, and trees, grasses, and wild flowers, are the same for all time, as they were when we were young. These chalk hills are a favourite locality for snakes, innocent, harmless creatures, and timid enough themselves, but not so much so as the uninstructed wanderer, who makes no distinction between a ring snake and a viper, killing all relentlessly. I recollect a little boy who believed what he was told, aud who learnt when very young to distinguish be tween the common English snakes, the little slowwirms, and the poisonous adders, for his father was a good naturalist, and taught his children to look intelligently at Nature in all her forms. His own early education, how ever, naa not Deen on 60 iiDerai a scale, and early prejudices were not wholly eradicated by later knowledge, so he confessed to a na tural creeping of the flesh when he Baw his fearlesB boy sitting in a ditch, playfully ca ressing a whole nest of young ring snakes, with their characteristic yellow necklace, and preparing to put them into a box to bring home, and add to his pets. An invo luntary cry from his father soon caused him to spring up, and beg for his help in catching the slippery creatures, for, said he, " You told me they wouldn't hurt, and I know quite well how to tell an adder by its flat head and marks on its back, and you said no other snake in England was poisonous, so come along, papa, catch hold of thiB fellow." Pre judice was too strong for the teacher, he felt himself rebuked bv his pupil, as with some excuse he ran indoors for the fire tongs, to substitute them for his own hands in the ex citing chase ! In our rambles about Guild ford we saw several snakes, and I shocked my friends by proposing to try and tame a common ringed snake in imitation of the late Mr. Garrett, the naturalist, who had one so tame that it would come at his call, drink milk from his hand, and lie in the warmth and comfort of his coat-sleeve while ho wrote his pleasant scientific pages. But the interest of this part of Surrey where we rusticated is not alone in its natural features. These fine chalk hills and verdant downs deserve special honour at the hands of Englishmen. They were the birth place of Magna Charta, and the acorns sown when King John and his barons hunted over this very ground, or held festival at " Gilford Castle," are the knarled and knotted oaks, which now shelter us beneath their ancient limbs. The little chapel of St. Martha, on which I looked from my window perched high on a verdant hill beyond the wooded valley, wob, we know, part of a Gothic structure founded in honour of St. Thomas a Becket, and here the love-sick swain, young Stephen Langton, son of a goodly yeoman of an ancient Surrey family, took vows as a monk; for helpless love and the loss of his fair Alice, stolen from his side by an envious and wicked Prince. In course of time the Monk became statesiran, Archbishop, and defender of the rights and liberties of the people, against a tyrant king and his iniquitous followers. The incidents in the early life of this distinguished prelate, spent as it was in this beautiful country, and the fair valley of St. Martha, have been woven into a thrilling little tale by Mr. Martin Tupper, who lives in the neighbourhood him self and is deeply imbued with the charm of all the history and legends of the place. I read it on the spot with much interest, and fancied myself living in the twelfth century full of indignation againBt King Jobn and his iniquities, as I wandered through Albury Park, and noted the yew trees which marked the pilgrim's way to the shrine at Canterbury, standing where they did in the stirring times of Stephen Langton. An excursion to the " Silent Pool," where the clear blue water reflects the trees that arch over it, carried me back seven bundred years in imagination, and I almost fancied I could see the woodman's lovely daughter still lying in the arms of her gallant brother, who perished with her in trying to rescue her from the profligate Prince by whom she was pursned to her destruction. It is said that Stephen Langton was buried in the little chapel of St. Martha, though some chroni clers insist on his tomb being in Canterbury Cathedral; but I still believe in the senti ment which brought those who loved but were parted in their lives close together in death, to lie in the only two stone coffins found but lately in the chancel of this ancient chapel—one rudely carved with the patriarchal crook, the other with the simple cross of an Abbess ; for the church had received them both into her fold, believing each other dead, till it was too late to cancel their sacred vows! But for this love story who can tell that England wonld ever have boasted of her great and good Archbishop, and all his valiant deeds in-the cause of Eng lish freedom 1 Beautiful and interesting old residences abound in this part of the country. Albury Park, now the ahode of the Duke of .Nor thumberland, is associated with many his tories of the past, and Losely Hall, belonging to the More-Molyneux family, is a typical mansion of the olden time. It was bailt by the son of Sir Thomas More, the distinguished Chancellor, and originally consisted of three sides, one of which periBhed by fire. The old familv and political documents which were stored in one room happily escaped. Until lately this room had not been opened for two hundred years, but the present proprietor, a descendant of the original founder of the family, bv the female line of Molyneux, does not inhabit his hereditary mansion. Bad times have overtaken the fortunes of this ancient bouse, and the old place iB at present occupied by strangers; so the master when he left the home of his fathers, took with him certain Valuable manuscripts too sacred to be left out of his own custody. One is the ghost legend of the place, without which no old mansion would be complete, and a docu ment, one of the very few signed by Laiy Jane Grey as Queen: " Jane Regina," having been written only a few times by this iilfated lady. In the entrance hall of this interesting place hangs an original likeness of Edward VX. by Holbein, as well as several .pictures by Sir Peter Lely, and there are still pre served two stools embroidered by Queen Elizabeth herself, doubtless as gifts to her friend. Sir Thomas More. In all old his torical houseB one sees furniture that has authentically been UBed by Royal personages, and this mansion boasts of its beds slept in by the Virgin Queen, and also by King James, when they visited the possessors , of the estate. I suppose that a few hundred years hence onr descendants will regard certain brass Dedsteods with veneration, as having been slept in by Queen Victoria or the Prince of. Wales. Such sentiment runs to foUy when it causes an ordinary wine-glass to be placed in a glass case and carefully preserved, because it was used by Her Majesty at a certain banquet; though an excuse may be found in the fact that Bome centuries hence it may be interesting to know what kind of wine glasses were used in her reign ! This cannot be eaid of the absur dity which rushes to collect cherry stones from the plate of the Prince of Wales as valuable relics 1 I think a very agreeable and suitable souvenir of a pleasant place is some natural or artistic object peculiar to it. If nothing else can be secured a few of the wild flowers of a district, dried and labelled as to place and date, arc very appropriate. I brought, with some difficulty, to my London home from the green woods and fields of Chilwortb, a large bunch of lovely foxgloves, with stems at least four feet long, and some beautiful and prodigious ferns, to group with them in my fine crystal vase, shaped like an enor mous champagne glass rising quite four feet from the floor, Tnere they stand now, in a corner of my sitting-room, their fine purple flowers contrasting beautifully with my simple green willow-pattern wall-paper, ana they look more refreshing and pleasant this hot day than any other decoration, inspiring me to recollections of the lovely country where they grew; about which I try to n/icain frtf fhn hnunfif r\t mif wamlaMi 1 suppose the advocates of Women's Suff rage are encouraged by the small majority of sixteen who rejected their Bill, and that according to universal experience, everything, even votes, will comet" those who know how to wait. But it is a vu u'y waiting, and in the meantime a good deu. of taxed and rated property iB unrepresented on the voting register, and widows and spinsters who pay their contributions to the Government of the country as regularly and as honestly as did their husbands, fathers, or brothers, have no more voice in making the laws of the country they help to support than if they were infants. I went to the meeting at St. James's Hall the night before the question was discussed in the House of Commons. The mottoes which were suspended round the gallery of the hall where I have so often been under different circumstances, struck me as very suggestive, Buch as " Taxation without representation is tyranny." "Let justice be done though the heavens fall," &e.;, &c.; The ladies whospoke to these texts wore no bonnets, and as the daily journals, of course, reported the speeches without personal comments, 1 may be allowed to supply this deficiency. Mrs. Fawcett, who much resembles herBisters, Mrs. Garrett Anderson, the lady doctor, and Miss Agnes Garrett, the lady house decorator, in appearance, wore a plainly made pretty dress of greeuish " liberty" silk, soft and flowing, a deep piece of lace turned over at neck and wrists, and I was glad to observe the entire absence of anything like crinoline or crinolette. Her dress was suit able and ladylike, and the colour suited her somewhat aubuin hair excellent well. Like her sisters, Mrs. Fawcett hab the womanlv ornament of a quantity of beautiful hair, and a clear, pleasant voice, with a very distinct articulation. None of the ladies who spoke on this occasion advocated the political right of won.en who are rated and taxed as n.en are to vote as men do, looked in any way remarkable or peculiar. They were dressed like sensible, quiet women, whose whole minds were not devoted to tneir appearance, although they had due and proper regard to the fitness of things. An American lady, 1 think her name was Mrs. Staunton, spoke excel lently, and pleased me much. She was well-dressed in black brocaded silk, and her head was covered only with a profusion of beautiful white hair, arranged in coils at the hack and curls in front. She gloried in the/cfe of American independence just passed, but acknowledged that as much had yet to be done for Ameri can as for English women in these matters. In the crowded hall I recognized many ladies of Quaker families, and whilst looking at them was struck with the fact suggested by Mrs. Fenwick Miller — that for centuries Quaker women have had more privileges than the rest of their sex, freedom to speak in their religious meetings, to vote and exer cise direct influence in tneir counsels, and consequently take a position in the family scarcely accorded to any other women who have not this encouragement to independent thought. It is well to recollect, as Mrs. Fawcett said, that the human race consists of w omen as well as ir.en, and that to consti tute sex a disability for electoral privilege is as unfair and repugnant as to put the same ban on race or religion. Why do we all continue to spoil our vege tableB by boiling them indiscrimiuately iu water, and then in many cases losing half their delicacy and flavour? Peas, when of a bright green colour, look very nice, but this is not the highest excellence of this pleasant vegetable. I have lately tried cooking both French beans and peas as they are usually cooked abroad, Instead of putting them into boiling water, pnt them into boiling butter, about 3 oz. of butter to a quart of peas, cover them over in an earthern pot—if possible—and set them on a hot stove or a* gentle fire for about three- quarters of an hour, Bhakingthem occasionally bo that they do not burn, you will then have the true flavour of the vegetable. French beans* should be cooked whole, young, not cut in slices at all, but only the stalU and string of the pod removed. I had some so prepared here ye6terday for dinner. 