HAMrILTOlN. (FOb31 o0w OwN O coREsNDENTso .) Aug. 20. The Hamilton County Court was held yesterday before His Honor Judge Nolan, and although the proceedings did not com-. mence till 1. p.m. instead of 10 a.m. on account of the judge not arriving till 12. 30., yet the whole list of cases were settled before she court rose. Gray v. Gray, was an action for defamation of character, brought by a son against his father, who is now r.waiting his tnal on a charge of having murdered Ihis wife at Branxholme. The case was settled out of court. The only other case of interest was that of Coombs v. M'Carthy, an action for assault; damages climed, £249. The plaintiff is a State School teacher, near Condah, and the defendant is a farmir. From the evidence it appears that the defendant, for some time past, has tried all he could to get the plaintiff out of his situation by bringing various charges against him, and on finding he could not obtain his object, he committed the assault complained of. There was a deal of hard swearing in this case, and His Honor told M'Carthy that Ihe had stated so many untruths, that he, (the Judge), could not believe one word he said. Verdict in favour of plaintiff, damages £30. In the Insolvent Court, in the estate of William Colman, of Pcnshurst, hotel keeper, an order was given that John Earls hand over all goods and chattels in his hands and belonging to the estate. Theother cases were of no interest. Although I cannot give you a murder or suicide this week, Iwill tell you a true ghost story, which happened to two respectable inhabitants of this. town. As they were driving home from 3lacarthur at the small hours this morning, they all of a sudden saw a man riding close to their horse's head. They snlg out to him repeatedly, but received no reply, at lastone of them jumped out of the buggy with the intention of finding out what this strange being was like, when lo! tlhe vision had vanished. All the time this anp parition kept alongside of their trap both of them could distinctlysce the horse, and the back of the man's head, but could not see his body. I am not superstitious, but I feel quite sure that spirits had something to do with this. The weather, whlich had been fine for the last few dlays, has changed again into steady rain. 