English and Foreign. Crowning the Czar. (Specially telegraphed to the San Francisco Bulletin.) MOSCOW, May 27.—At 7 o'clock this morning the inauguration of the magnificent ceremonies attendant upon the coronation of the Emperor and Empress of Russia was announced by the ringing of hundreds of bells and by the thunder of artillery. Those dignitaries of the realm who were to take part in the actual ceremony assembled according to prearranged programme at the Cathedral of the Holy Assumption, within the walls of the Kremlin. These functionaries entered the magnificent building at just 7.30 a.m. At 8 o'clock there followed in order princes of foreign Govern ments, the nobility of Russia and other States of Europe, and the special and regular Ambas sadors of foreign countries residing in Russia. At the request of General Yon Schweinitz, the Ambassador from Germany, the eighty members comprising the Diplomatic Corps as sembled at his mansion nnd were conveyed thence to the Kremlin in superbly equipped coaches, richly gilded as to their harness and roats-of-avms. The remainder of the diplo matic body, consist in? of attaches of the various legations, were assigned positions in the tri bune, just outside the cathedral proper, but inside tho inclosure of the Kremlin. When the white walls of that wondrous place closed on nil of th«* crowd that could be admitted, a choir of boys chantM the "To Denm," :::ul ami.'! profound silence, outside the <:l:iuv!i :u wr!i r> in i>. tho ol'.'rrjy, r.ccompanird by rvnh -'■ \ hvwv ing the cross and ewer of holy water, pro ceeded to receive the Czarovitch. This scion of royalty, who wm in the midst of the brilliant cortege, took his place at the right haad of the throne. THE I'ROCESSIOIT. When the imperial procession started, it was made known to those inside the cathedral by the ronewed ringing of bells, by sonorous music from scores of bands, and by the shouts of those outside. As the royal pair appeared at the doors of the palace the immense multi tude immediately uncovered their heads and burst into loud acclamations. The enthusiasm was spontaneous and hearty. At the head of the royal procession which now entered the Kremlin was the master of ceremonies, flanked hy heralds, richly clad and mounted upon pure white horses. Tho procession was of immense length, and comprised deputies from the Asiatic States of the Empire, students of the Univer sity, clergy, Judges, the nobility and prefects from every section of the Empire. When its front Tanks reached the door of the palace it was. met by the Emperor, wearing the white uniform of a colonel of the Imperial Guards, and the Empress, dressed in tho Russian national costume of black velvet, richly em broidered with diamonds and girdled with a magnificent belt of precious stones. The Empress leaned on the arm of her royal con sort. The pair placed themselves beneath a canopy richly wrought in silk and gold, and borne by thirty-two generals of high military rank. They then took their places near the head of the procession, being directly after the regalia. At this moment the entire body of the clergy emerged from the cathedral in order to meet the regalia, which they publicly sprinkled with holy water and perfumed with incense. RECEPTION IN THE CATHEDRAL. Upon entering the rortals of the cathedral, the Emperor and Empress were received by the Metropolitan of Moscow and the Metropolitans of Novgorod and Kief, who presented to them the cross to be kissed and sprinkled with holy water, tirst to the Emperor and then to the Era press. Before the sacred images which flanked the doors of the cathedral they knelt and bowed their heads, after which they wore conducted to the ancient thrones of ivory and silver. Alex ander occupied the historical throne of the Czar Vladimir Monoraague, while the Empress was seated in an armchair gilded and crusted with jewels. Tho thrones were placed on a dais erected between the two middle columns of the cathedral. Over the dais was a canopy of scarlet velvet, suspended from the arched roof, embroidered with gold and lined with silver brocade, which was worked with the arms of Russia and all her dependencies in the most ingenious manner. In front of tho thrones were two tables covered with gold cloth, upon which were placed the crowns, orb and scoptre. None but foreign princes were accommodated with seats. The Russian princes and digni taries stood during the ontire ceremony, according to the custom of the Greek Church. The dignitaries of the realm who carried the standard and seals of the Empire took their stand upon the steps of the dais. THE CEREMONY. After their Majesties had been seated, the Metropolitan of Novgorod asked the Emperor in a loud and distinct voice, " Are you a true believer ?" The Emperor, falling on his knees, read his reply in a clear voice—the Lord's Prayer and the Apostles' Creed of the Greek Church—the Metropolitan responding, " May the grace of the Holy Ghost remain with thee "—after which they descended from the dais. The following customary summons was then three times repeated by the Bishop : "If there be any of you here present knowing of any im pediment for which Alexander, the son of Alexander, should not be crowned by the grace of God, Emperor and Autocrat of all the Rus sias, of Moscow, of Kief, of Vladimir, of Nov gorod, Czar of Kazan, of Astrakhan, of Poland, of Siberia, of Kherson, of Taueda, of Grousie, of Gossudar, of Pskoff; Grand Duke of Smolensk, of Lithuania, of Valzznia, of Podalia, and of Finland ; Prince of Esthania, of Livonia, of Courland, of Somcgalia, of the Sameyedes, of Bielostok, of Corelia, of Foer. of Ingor, of Perm, of Viatka, of Bulgaria, and of other countries ; Mastor and Grand Duke of tho lower countries in Novgorod, of Tchernigoff, of Riazan, of Palatsk, of Rostoff, of Jarosloff, of Bielosei-Bk, of Oudork, of Obdorsk, of Kon disk, of Vitolsk, of Mslilaff, and of all the countries of tho North; Master-Absolute of Iversk, of Kasnilsk, of Kabardinsk, and of the territories of Armenia; Sovereign of the Mountain, Gagatnountain; Prince of Tcher lask ; Master of Turkestan ; Heir-presumptive of Norway and Duke of Schleswig-Holstein, of Storman, of Tieshmarz and of Oldenburg, let him come forward in the name of the Holy Trinity and show what the impediment is, or let him remain dumb for ever." CROWNING THE CZAR. After the reading of selections from tho Gospel, the Metropolitans of Novgorod and Kief again ascended the dais and invested the Emperor with the Imperial mantle of ermine, the Metropolitan of Moscow saying at the same time, " Cover and protect thy people as this robe protects and covers thee. The Em peror responded : " I will, I will, I will, God helping." The Metropolitan of Novgorod, cross ing his hands on the head of the Emperor, then invoked the benediction of Almighty God upon him and his reign, and delivered to Alexander 111\. the crown of Russia, who placed it on his own head, and, assuming the sceptre and orb, took his seat upon the throne. He then returned the insignia of his title to tho dignitaries appointed to receive them, and called the Empress, who knelt before him. He touched her head lightly with the crown of the Em peror, and then formally crowned her with her own crown. The expression and attitude of the Empress as she knelt was one of sympathy with her royal husband, and touched deeply the audience. The Czar preserved throughout a grave and decorous dignity and nobleness of demeanour, which also provoked tho admiration of all. rONfI.fSIOX OF THE CEREMONY. After the Empress had boon duly invested with the Imperial mantle, and their Majesties had both been seated on their thrones, the Archdeacon intoned tho Tin-n»rialtitlosand sang the Dmuinii' Sah'iu;i /»/.• )n/>f>riift>ri n>, which was taken up and thrice repeated by the choir. Directly this part, of the ceremony was finished, the h^lls on all the churches <if Moscow mii^ out in chorus a dilute of 101 guns wa« fired"! «!:•! inside llip cathedral tho number* of ihc Imperial family t.eiuL.'i.-d their cnu^\;;t'i)nfion to lifir Majesties. 1 !:<• Kmperi..:1 t.hui kr.clt au(' rrcito-l 11raver. ;\f tl-o cud <>f which tho c'-'ir-' :w;il :^1 k»u-!t '.i *"'.».'tlu K't'peror. Tlo IiJHM-r.) of Moscow > :' I :>lo>iil ill r.i*1;:!!:" i f :!i • ?::•.:■•• . a fovvent \n: v for the ;mppine.<s yf thc\r -.Ij'.jost js. ShoiU •01 " Long live the Em peror !" then rent the cathedral air, and were taken up by the thousands outsicloj and carried from mouth to mouth until that part of the multitude which was unable to get inside even the ample acreage of the Kremlin caught the sound, and waved a huge volume of nuraan gratulation to the remotest parts of the city, when it was speedily made known to all the world that another Czar of the Russias had been crowned. The cathedral choir then sang a To Deum, after which the Emperor ungirted his sword, and, accompanied by the Empress and numerous dignitaries, proceeded to the gate of the sanctuary. There tho Metropoli tan of Novgorod anointed the Emperor's fore head, eyelids, nostrils, and lips, ears and breast and hands, at the same time exclaiming, "Be hold the seal of the Holy Ghost; may it keep thee ever holy." The Empress was anointed only on the forehead. Both partook of the sacrament, and then left the cathedral, wear ing their crowns and mantles, the Emperor also bearing the sceptre and orb. RETURN TO THE PALACE. After praying in the Cathedral of Michael the Archangel, their Majesties returned to the palace, escorted by a procession which pre sented even a more splendid sight than that which escorted them to the cathedral, being now augmented by the gorgeous state car riages of the Imperial family. Banners waved from all points on the Kremlin, and the whole route of the procession fairly glowed with bright draperies and hangings. The Emperor re-entered the palace by the celebrated Rod Staircase, whence the Jaws were anciently pro mulgated. There he turned and saluted the people, who immediately uncovered their heads, cheering enthusiastically and blessing the Czar. THE BANQUET. The Imperial banquet began at 3.30 p.m. in the hall called the Granovitaia Palata. This hall was especially restored for the occasion, and was splendidly decorated with cloth of gold. The Emperor and Empress, wearing their crowns, sat at separate tables on thrones of unequal height. Their Majesties were served by distinguished nobles, acting as cup bearers, carvers, Sec. The first toast was " His Majesty the Emperor," which was followed by a salute of sixty-one guns; the next was " Her Majesty the Empress," followed by fifty-one puns; the third was " The Imperial House hold," followed by thirty-one guna; and the fourth was " The Clergy and all Faithful Sub jects," followed by twenty-one guns. Thei foreign princes and diplomats present stood during the first course, and afterward, in accordance with ancient custom, withdrew to a separate repast. DECORATINO A MINISTER. The Czar has addressed tho following rescript to Do Giers, Minister of Foreign Affairs:— "The great powers and glory acquired by Russia (thanks to Divine Providence), the ex tent of the Empire and her numerous popula tion, leave no room for any idea of further conquests. My solicitude is exclusively de voted to the peaceable development of the country and its prosperity; to the preserva tion of friendly relations with foreign Powers on the basis of existing treaties and the main tenance of the dignity of the Empire. Having found in you a constant, zealous, and useful collaborator for the promotion of these views in the direction of our international relations, I confer upon you my Order of St. Alexander Newski, in diamonds, as a testimony of my gratitude." GENERAL NOTES. Before their Majesties left the palace the route to the cathedral was sprinkled with holy water. A heavy rain fell before their Majesties started, but just as they took their places under the canopy the sun shone brilliantly. In the cathedral it was noticed when the Czar knelt alone to utter his prayer his eyes were filled with tears, and he sobbed audibly. As he read in making the profession of faith the Czar's voice was grandly resonant. The Metropoli tan of Novgorod almost broke down in deliver ing his allocution. Mounted Cossacks patrolled every street. The troops lining the route of the procession re mained bareheaded the whole morning. Per sons unable to obtain admission to the Kremlin remained outside on their knees close to the walls during the best part of the day, praying for the Czar. The cost of the coronation is estimated at £2,000,000, which will be covered by the issue of treasury bills. Only thirteen newspaper correspondents were allowed inside the cathe dral during the ceremony—six Russian and seven foreign, the latter including one English and one American correspondent. The Kremlin Square was so densely packed that it would have been impossible for any miscreant to havo extricated his arms should he have intended to use them against the Czar. Tho Czar's crown descended from the Emperor Paul, and is valued at 3,000,000 roubles. Silver tokens in memory of the day were dis tributed in twenty Moscow churches to-night. At St. Petersburg, the coronation of the Czar was celebrated by special services in all the churches, and by a parade of troops. The city was brilliantly illuminated and the streets were thronged with people. IN BERLIN. Berlin, May 27.—The Russian standard was hoisted on tho Embassy to-day, and a solemn Te Deum was performed in the Embassy church, at which all the Russian generals and officials were present. The Emperor was slightly indisposed, and the Crown Prince was represented by the personal Adjutant-General. The OjKcial Gazette »nys : "Germany has reason for taking a sympathetic interest in the coronation of the Czar in the friendly con nection and common interest which we hope for during the successful reign of the Czar." Tho Nord Deutsche Ztitung prays that the coronation may be the starting point of a new era of happiness and peace. PRECAUTIONARY MEASURES. New York, May 28. —A cable special to the Herald from Moscow says:—lt must be admitted that extraordinary precautions were taken on Thursday to injure the safety of the Czar during the solemn entry into Moscow. For over eijjht miles there were two lines of regular soldiers standing arm to arm on cither side of the street, and at the back of them a single lino of nioujiks, dressed in peasant costumes, who had volunteered from 'cities, towns, and villages, to assist in the protection of the Emperor. Not a hand in the crowd could hiivt- been lifted without the danger fhat its p>r-"v-;;or v/o'ilil h;i o boon it'imetli:i'< ly torn to p.c—'-s. On ewi'j roof si soldier stood on jir.r.ivi to prw-Mit tin: possibility of escape si..-n!il un attempt he mali T'ror.i tin* houses. It iiu.l b.'on runic ;red bi*!':»re tin.- vin lows uo'ul not bo allowed to be ojh'-iuml during the pacing of the procession, aud that no person would be allowed to carry anything iv bis hand, but the rumour proved unfounded ; per fect freedom of movement prevailed. Every window was opened and crowded with enthusi astic people. The police had undoubtedly urged such extreme measures, and the loyal people of Moscow have to thank the Emperor himself alone that they were not carried out. CONGRATULATING THE EMPEROR. Moscow, May 28.—Monseigneur Yon Nu telli, Bpecial Nuncio of the Papal Court to the coronation, arrived last evening. His arrival was specially timed, according to precedent, that he might avoid being present at the re ligious ceremony of the coronation. At 10 this morning the Emperor and Empress, seated on thrones in St. Andrew's Hall, began to re ceivo congratulations. The reception to the clergy lasted until noon, after which diplo mates, dignitaries, general and provincial dele gates (the lastnaraed bringing gifts of native jewellery) were received. SHOWERING HONOURS. Moscow. March 28.—An Imperial rescript issued to-day returns the thanks of the Czar to the Grand Duke Michael for his services, and announces his appointment as a member of the Committee of Ministers. The rescript also says the Grand Duke Alexis is appointed Admiral in Chief of the Russian navy. The Czar also conferred numerous decoration and presents, only to distinguished officers of the Empire. A heavy fall of rain late last night interfered with the illuminations in honour of the coronation. From lengthy telegraphic reports supplied to the Daily News of the ceremonies and festivi ties at Moscow on the occasion of the coronation of the Czar, we take the following :— THE COURT BALL. There probably never was in the annals of national festivities throughout the world any Court ball like that given in celebration of this event. The magnificent saloons, the halls of St. George, St. Alexander, and St. Andrew, filled with Imperial, Royal, and diplomatic celebrities, and ladies of every rank, all in Rus sian Court costume, and lit up with thousands of waxlights, and sparkling with mines of wealth, wore enough of themselves to make a marvellous night. Added to this you had only to leave the gold and jewels, which were daz zling even accustomed eyes, and go out on to the balcony, stretching the whole length of the Palace front, above the Kremlin walls, to be struck mute with wonder at the panorama lying beneath and beyond, scintillating with millions of lamps and coloured fires. The illumination was even more striking from above than when I saw it from below. The toilettes of many of the ladies, which I had time to examine after the Polonaise de rigueur, which opens a Court ball, were in many cases absolutely gorgeous. All the invited guests were assembled by 9 o'clock, and at naif-past 9 the double hedge formed of ladies on the left, and gentlemen on the right, showed that the leading actors in the Imperial drama were expected. Preceded by heralds and masters of cere* monies, the Emperor advanced in the uniform of a general of the army, leading the Empress in a kakoschnik of diapered pearls, surmounted with fourteen enormous pearls, increasing in size towards the centre. Her Majesty wore the national Court robes, decorated low on the shoulders in coral velvet and silver embroidery, with the blue ribbon of St. Andrew, worn for the first time by a lady. The Duchess of Edinburgh was in pale gold tissue and dark fur. The Grand Dukes and Princesses, Princes and Grand Duchesses fol lowed in profusion, all the ladies wearing silver or gold tissue, Russian lace, and jewelled dia dems. Each time the Polonaise made its round partners were changed, the Emperor conduct ing the Queen of the Hellenes on his next ap pearance. The belle of the ball after the Empress was certainly the Countess de Beau harnais, sister of the late General Skobeleff; not an absolute beauty, but one of those big eyed, dark-haired, attractive faces, with a marvellous figure, for whom men commit follies and women invent scandal. This lady was dressed in a Russian dress, the cut of which dates from early in the sixteenth century. It was low off the shoulders, with long hanging sleeves, pleated to the elbow, with a pointed stomacher, and skirt open ing beneath over the under petticoat. The fabric, heavily brocaded and embroidered, looked like chased metal, as its long train fell round her feet in singular folds. Her kakoschnik was festooned with pearls, dia monds, and huge round emeralds ; while round the entire corsage pearls and emerald medal lions set off her pretty shoulders to perfection. A simple veil of tulle was fastened with gold plaques behind the tiara. Other costumes were equally attractive, without being so perfect in ensemble. White satin and deep black furs, raarron brocade over cloth 01 silver, em broidered in Byzantine patterns of every line, pale gray moire trimmed with rare laco, furs of every rarity, but above all parurea of jewels eclipsing every Court in Europe or Asia. I never imagined there were so many enormous emeralds above ground, while diamonds in tiaras, rivieres, collars, and monograms at last seemed numberless. The whole of the offerings in dishes, plates, and salt cellars were displayed on tables, while near the thrones raised on their golden steps, cushions bore on a sideboard tho crowns and regalia used the day before. THE ILLUMINATIONS. Londoners are familiar with illuminations, with gas designs, with anchor and gun over such a military club, with lamp devices on such a noted tailor's [emporium. We have seen the Champs Elysces under the Empire, or the Pont doe Tnvalidea bristling wiih rockets; we have watched the all- conquering Germans lighting up their monuments in Berlin ; and some of us have been present when the Palace of the Doges and the Campanile at Venice have made Saint Mark's Piazza a focus of illuminated beauty. Who has not sworn by the shows of fireworks at the Crystal Palace, and talked over the Arc de Triomphe and its Jablochkoffs? Henceforth London, Paris, Berlin, and Venice must " take back scats " when an illumination is to be extolled. Such v triumph in pyrotechnic art has never beeii imagined, much less attempted, even when Koine has lit St. Peter's. The rehearsal of which I wrote was but a foretaste—a simple glimpse of what we saw last night. Turner night imago it. Don- mi?ht have dreamt it. A Victor Hv.go might describe it. The walls of the Kremlin overlooking the river, across a broad boulevard, must be ulnv.st iYM yards in I'lll,'th and (10ft. high. Hire and there the tur rottd crest is interrupted by towel's, capped with spires, cupolas, or pyramids, while at each corner rise enormous portals or round towers of portentous height, diminishing in size as they ascend. Now a gaping gateway or a clinging watch-tower alters the face of the walls, while above break out cathedral and church, palace and arsenal, in such profusion that even in daylight nothing since ancient Babylon has been seen so vast and so imposing. Slight rainfalls seemed to prognosticate a failure of the illuminations; but after 7 the clouds disappeared. At 9 the signal was given in the Kremlin by a simultaneous glow into white light of the many hundreds of electric lights which cover the Ivan Veliki Tower from base to summit. Except the Kremlin and the river ? with its bridges, the finest display was in the immediate neighbourhood of the former, especially in the squares standing to the right and left of the vossressensky Gates, where the Emperor stopped to venerate the image of the Virgin. On one side was the Opera House, and its large square contained myriads of white, blue, yellow, and red lights. The sky line of the Opera House was tipped, and its light columns were wreathed with tiny lamps of the first naraed colour. The side of the square formed by a portion of the wall of the so-called Chinese 1 Town was decorated with arches formed of quadruple lines of the above tints. The mag* nificent pile of the New Museum, close to the Chapel of the Virgin, was illuminated on this side by a larte circle, with the Imperial crown on the top, their Majesties' initials, "A. M.,' 1 wrought in anagram in the middle, and its radii formed of countless lights, whose colours were made to harmonise in perfect tastet This decoration, behind whose glory the dark red of the building appeared as a relief, was all the more effective from the fact that it stood alone. Beyond this museum lay the Kremlin gardens, among the1 trees of which hung wreaths of lamps, the soft golden glow of thousands of which might suggest fancies of the fabled Hesperides and their precious fruit. The gateways, the garden walks, the whole frontage of nearly half-a-mile in length, have inscriptions of welcome and good wishes. The walls of the Kremlin bound' ing the gardens were sirailiarly ornamented, as also every line and point of the palace towers in the same quarter. The whole scene round by that direction vo the river face was indescri bably lovely; but lean only refer to the illumi nation of tho arches of the bridges, and to the I beautiful artificial fountains upon which thfl { electric light is playing with such fairy-like effect. Thousands of fireflies were clambering in the 7 dusk over wall and gable, pinnacle and spire. The countless coloured lamps whose wickß have been connected with quick threads burst in groups, or initials, garlands, or inottoos into name, and soon the details of every tower, every cupola, and every crenelated roof stand , out, depicted accurately against the dark blue sky. You remember Marianne's dream. Sud-: ; den from out that city sprung a light that made the earth grow red, and flames that each with quivering tongue licked the high domes, and overhead, among those mighty towers and fanes, dropped fire. As yet only the twinkling lamps of every hue sketched out the details of the architect Now huge electric suns of 40,000 -; candle power blaze high in air. Transparencies ifall like banner*' from the dented walls. ; alive with dragons, cockatrices, and eagles of heraldic birth. The towers of Ivan Veliki and the adjacent cupolas glow suddenly till the incandescent temple nils the surrounding atmosphere with gold. The palaces of Sarda napalus or the cities of Atalantis could never1 have glistened in a sun like this. Not only the outside, but every tower, every pyramid seems to glow hot with inner fires. Caves of glowing ' carbuncle, blue grottoes, and bronze red alcoves multiply like magic scenes wherever an outlet or opening gives a channel. Aladdin's jewelled forests are filled with Persia's fire worshippers, and Peruvian Incas have brought their golden suns and magic altars, while fairy chains of translucent pearl and emerald make star and wheel, column and pillar, into one sparkling suite of ornaments. The very Moskwa ripples in reflected bronzes, green, and gold, while fiery serpents seem to glide between its waves. As the dazzling suns fling their light, now on palace, museum, or monument, ghostly images of phantasm edifices, pallid nightmares of an architect's fevered brain, flash into being with a bright blue flicker, and fade as suddenly away. Suddenly a giant jet of water rushes 80ft. ' into the air, to be caught by prismatic hues or dashed into diamond spray by the beams of' electric fires. Visions of volcanoes when Pom peii glowed with molten lava, memories of ice bergs glittering with tho aurora's sheen, rise around us. Now the fountains' feathery columns, now the rolling clouds of vapour, play in the '. rainbows of violet and orange which ingenious • artificers have cunningly created. To give some plain matter-of-fact idea of the scene, suppose you surround the Houses of Par liament with a rampart, put on the roof every mosque you know—the Taj Mehal, Saint Sophia, the Giralda at Seville, several Siamese pagodas, a few temples from Japan, a score of Eleusinian pyramids, and a dozen convents from Thibet; fix on, within and around every salient point, by some magic powers, the best of Sydenham's displays, light up the atmosphere with Bengal fires of every hue, added to 4000 incandescent Edisous and sixteen Siemens' suns, and if you can imagine all in perfect harmony, scintilla ting, sparkling, and corruscating, you will still be far off the actual splendour of this most mar vellous exhibition. The crowds of sightseers blocked up every road, street, and square, but nothing like im patience, ill-temper, or unkindness ever made its appearance. Ivan and his lady-love shouted hurrahs till they could shout no more; but Nicholas took it up, and far into the night they wero still shouting in their delighted cnthu- Biasm. Alone of all the magic wonders Ivan I Veliki burnt in the darkness like some super natural northern light. Fame and electricity have never yet joined to generate so marvellous a spectacle. The Echo, London Radical paper, says :— "The principal duty of the British Minister at Brussels is to see to the forwarding of a tin of biscuits, once a fortnight, to his Sovereign. Once on a time the Queen lunched at Laeken, and in the course of the repast expressed her approbation of certain biscuits on the table. The King of the Belgians explained that the secret of these biscuits was known only tc hi* own baker, who declined to part with it; but his Majesty kindly offered to ~etid a regular supply in the future to Osborne or Balmoral, or wherever the Enprliah Court might be stay ing, and the offer was praciously accepted. Til. biscuits arc sent in the first place to the Britisl Legation, where they arc handed ovor to th« Queen's messenger, who takes them to England, 