THE BANK OF ENGLAND. The Old Lady of Threadneedle-street has been putting her house in order. Whether under the influence of a spirit of rivalry engendered by the new buildings and fine machinery of the kindred establishment on Tower Hill, or whether entirely stimulated by the exigencies of increased business, need not be determined ; but the Bank of Eng land is just now the scene of unusual bustle and activity. What is practically a fine new entrance into the building has been recently opened up from Princess-street. It has been described as a new doorway. It is hardly this however. The door has always been there, and some of the very old stagers on the establishment can re member its having been opened. A good many years ago, however, during some time of popular turmoil, this entrance was prac tically abolished by building up inside it a ponderous mass of brickwork and masonry. This has been removed, and access to the , interior of the bank may now be had on the western side. Inside the bank, too, there has been a considerable readjustment of offices. The public drawing office, for in stance, and the branch bank office have been transferred to the handsome and spacious room which formerly was the accountant's bank-note office — the office, that is to say, in which old bank-notes are sorted and registered before being stored away in the dark vaults of the bank, where, for five years, they lie packed away in little wooden boxes, something like plum- boxes, ready to appear, like so many accusing angels, against anj'body who has made them the meaus of fraud. It is a little irregular to have got down into this nether world of pecuniary ghosts so early in the course of an inspec tion of the bank, but, nowthat we are here, it may save coming down again if we look about us a little. There are probably people about to whom a region of veritable ghosts would be scarcely more fearsome than these gloomy, silent avenues, piled up high on either hand with these little wooden receptacles. It is rather a startling idea that very possibly flashes upon the visitor as he moves amid these silent witnesses to so many monetary transactions that if during the past five years he has scribbled his name and address across a Bank of England note, probably that signature is here, and that somebody may some day bring into the bank upstairs a note bearing the same num ber as that which he sighed. Supposing the new arrival is sufficiently genuine in appearance to pass muster — no doubt, rather a far-fetched supposition, unless it really is genuiue — within a few hours a clerk will take down as queer a looking led ger as ever went under the name, and will proceed to ' post' the note. Then it will be seen that the proper space for a note of that date and that number has already been filled in. Something must be wrong. The new arrival may be a good note. In that case the other must be a forgery, and any body whose name appears on it may expect communications. Anv day something ir regular in the history of one of these notes' may bring down\ upon any of us the at tentions of a detective, just as Mr. James Payn, in his Ztosb Sir Massingberd, makes ItUti lclLUUUS VLO. X*UIY DlilCCl) X'UUXLCr 'JDOWH send swoop down upon the simple old farmer who has quite innocently taken one or two of the notes traced to him from these gloomy vaults. A clear conscience is a pleasant possession as one trudges through these dark avenues by the glimmer of an old-fashioned lantern. And yet a rogue might persuade himself that he is Eafe ?nough amid this amazing store. The officials give you a little printed slip from which it appears that in the course of five years the paid notes amounted to 77,74:5,000 in number, and 'that they fill 13,400 boxes, which if placed side by side vwould reach 2-J- miles. If the notes were placed in a pile they would reach to a height of of miles, or if joined end to end they would from a ribbon 12,445 miles long. Their superficial extent is said to be rather less than that of Hyde Park. They weigh over 90 3- tons, aud their original value was over £1,750,626,600. The greatest of rogues might be inclined to find some com fort in the extent and intricacy of such a store of old paper. Of course, however, they are most systematically arranged, and any note of the seventy-seven millions may be pounced upon with the utmost celerity and precision. At the end of five years these old notes are thrown into a furnace, specially constructed for the purpose, and burned. It is a curious fact however, that so firm in texture is the paper of a genuine Bank of England note that burning alone can hardly destroy it. The authorities have in a little frame the remnants of a note which was in the great fire of Chicago. Though completely charred and black, the paper still holds together, and the printing of the note is said to be sufficiently legible to establish its genuineness and to warrant its being cashed. There are some other notes here that were cashed after having gone down with the Eurydice a few years ago, and reduced to little better than pulp. Indeed, the scraps and fragments which sometimes come into the bank to be cashed have a really ridiculous appearance. On the occasion of a recent visit, for in stance, the officials had under examination a number of fragments of discoloured paper, none much bigger than a sixpence, and when put. together presenting to the unskilled eye . not the slightest resemblance to a note. And yet it was pretty confidently asserted that the paper would be cashed. It is beneath the dignity of the, Bank of England to take, or even to appear to take advantage of accidents to their notes, and, if there is any possibility of establishing the identity of one of them, it is sure to be duly honoured. Even where a note is entirely destroyed, ^proper evidence of the fact of destruction ijvill be accepted and payment made. A lost note will in some cases be paid, and there is one occasion recorded upon a which the liberal attitude of the directors in the case of this kind involved t'hern in a loss of £30,000. A bank director f declared that he had lost a note for that amount, and, upon his giving an indemnity for the sum in the event of the note ever . turning up, the money was paid to him. Many years after his death an unknown person presented the note. The paper was undeniably good, and the bank had no alternative but to cash ifc, as it was payable to bearer on demand, and as the heirs of the bank director who had lost it repudiated all liability, the money could not be recovered. ? ? ? The collection of forged notes which have been stopped at the counters and have been accumulated in a kind of scrap-book is very interesting even to those who have no in tention of embarking in this line of enter prise. To the great fraternity of forgers — said to have been entirely evolved so far as bank-notes are concerned since the year 1758 — probably no volume extant would afford half the interest of this curious col lection. But we are fairly above ground again, and somewhere nearer the point at which any methodical account of the bank's paper currency ought to ihave commenced. However methodically disposed may be the stranger who should thoroughly inspect the Bank of England he will probably soon relinquish all attempts at method in ar ranging his idea. It is a most bewildering place, and the stranger cannot on the whole do much better than give himself up to his guides and take things as they present themselves to his notice. He will probably leave the establishment with a grand jumble of ideas, in which piles of coin and bundles of bank-notes and barrows of bullion and whirling machinery and extensive vistas of clerks will be the main details, and if in any attempt to describe what he has seen there is no little confusion, his account may fairly be ' accredited with the greater vreriscm blance. Of course the place is not in con fusion. Order is the bank's first law, and everything is rigidly systematic ; but the impression brought away by most strangers — especially if they have penetrated into some of the more obscure nooks and corners of the vast building — will be of the utmost bewilderment and confusion. We have not space in this article to describe the beautiful new machinery for printing bank-notes, which has just been set up, and is now throwing off these dainty little works of art with ? a rapidity never before attained. — Globe. The Frozen Meat Trade. — There is good luck in store for the Australian meat products. Everything points to a consider able scarcity in home-grown meat in the coming months. A succession of bad seasons had told most disastrously on flocks and herds. Sheep-farmers and cattle-raisers are looking very blue. There is no pasture, for the fields are drowned out ; the constant wet has interfered with the lambing, and developed the dormant, but always present, disease in sheep called fluke. It is feared that there will be very little English mutton in the markets this year, and it is calculated by competent persons that meat will advance some 20 per cent, in cost. Yet the demands for animal food are constantly increasing ; many more peoplg consume it than heretofore. The working classes earn much better wages nowadays, and they can afford to spend more on food. To eat meat often is their great' idea of showing pros perity, just as in the United States it depends upon the possession of a piano. But the meat-lovers turn up their noses at the tinned article as inferior to paupers' diet, and they will have fresh meat. As before long th£y will not be able to get it at home, tney must turn to snipments irom Australia. Hence it may b.e expected that a considerable impeiusjfeWill Jbe *fdY-em -fosathe frozen meat trade, ana it Australian ^snippers win oniy make the most of their opportunity they ought to clear large sums. The rate of profit is high. In the first voyages there were heavy losses because the cargoes did not arrive in good condition, but it is said that on ordinary occasions as much as 400 per cent had been cleared. , Carelessness in early shipments no doubt did much mis chief, and exporters had often themselves to blame if they were much out of pocket. In some of the first voyages the loss was computed at 3000 out of 21,000 carcases, or nearly 12 per cent. The chances of such loss daily diminish. It was too generally due to the arrival of cargoes in poor con dition, so that there was not a ready sale for the meat. Another reason was that the meat was often put upon the market at the wrong time. This was absolutely necessary in order to get rid of it, as the ship which brought the carcases had to be cleared out of port. Yet the moment might have been most unsuitable, and the market already glutted with stock. This has now been ob viated by the employment of a hulk at the London docks to which the cargo is trans ferred on arrival. This hulk is fitted up with refrigerating machinery, in exactly the same way as the ocean steamer, so that the carcases are continued in the frozen state as long as may be required. The meat is sold retail on board the hulk, and it is thawed be fore delivery. This is an important consider ation, seeing that one of the great difficulties in dealing with frozen meat has been to thaw it judiciously and gradually, at the proper time before required for cooking. These precautions are already doing great things. The character of Australian meat is rapidly improving. The mutton is especially appreciated, and is declared by competent critics to be sweet and fresh, and only just inferior to Southdown.— Home News, February 23. Proposed Triple-Hulled Ocean Steamer. — Captain William Coffin of London, who built the first large screw steamer which crossed the ocean, has designed a new style of steamer, models of which are exhibited at the office of Mr. James Alexander in the Mason building, Boston. These models show a compound ship, composed of three ships hulls united as one vessel, the two outer hulls being longer than the central hull, and the whole being decked over. The outer hulls are of narrow beam and of equal length, and a hull much shorter is placed in the centre space between the two longer vessels. The three hulls are rigidly connected by iron or steel bulkheads, box girders, iron or steel decks or frames, in such a way as to form complete platforms or decks, and so as to leave considerable extra spaces between the ships. The centre ship is to carry the engines, and is pro vided with a propeller at each end. All three hulls are tapered from the centre, both vertically and longitudinally, and come to a rounded ? point at both ends, so as to enter the wave and reduce the pitching motion to a minimum, the rolling motion being done away with by the extent of water-spaces between the ships. The plat form or decks extend to about three-fifths (more or less) of the whole length of the outside ships in the centre, and the remain ing portion of the ends, forward and aft, are covered over for passing through the waves ; but the space between is not decked over. In ships o£ this construction for smooth water or river purposes the decks may be carried the entire length of the outside ships nearly horizontal, and in these cases the vessel may be propelled by eilher screw or paddle-wheels. Stability, safety, and speed are claimed for vessels so constructed. The design has been approved by eminent naval . men. Captain Harrison Loring of South Boston has offered. to build Ian experimen tal harbour excursion steamer for the net cost of workmanship and /materials. The indications now are that the steamer will be built and put in service next summer. — Boston Globe. John Brown, the Queen's Gillie.' — Telegrams recently announced the death of -Tohn Brown, the devoted attendant of her Majesty Queen Victoria. John Brown was first brought under the notice of her Majesty in September 1850, during her first tour in the Highlands of Scotland. He commenced life as a Highland gillie, and it was in that ? capacity at Loch Muich that ' his good breeding, simplicity, and intelligence, which made it so pleasant and even instructive to talk with him,' to use her Majesty's own words, so won upon the Queen and Prince Albert that he was taken into the royal service. How well he justified his promo tion, a devoted service extending over thirty- two years abundantly proved. Readers of Leaves from the Journal of our Life in the Highlands will have no difficulty in re calling many instances of unremitting at tachment to the Queen, and the kindly manner in which these were repeatedly acknowledged. Many amusing stories are told by the Queen of John's bashfulness when first introduced into royal society ; but through all his varied experience his respectful independence, intelligence, and simplicity of character were conspicuous. Throughout his long service in the royal household he never seems to have given the Queen any occasion to alter the high opinion which she formed of him when he was act ing asjier personal gillie, aud led her High land pony over moor and mountain, through burn and bog, during that memorable visit to the more northern parts of her kingdom. Nearly twenty years later the Queen thus described Brown — ' The same who in 1858 became my regular attendant out of doors everywhere in the Highlands ; who com- . menced as gillie in 1849, and was selected by Albert and me to go with my carriage. In 1851 he entered our service permanently, and began in that year leading my pony, and advanced, step by step, by his good conduct and intelligence. His attention, care, and faithfulness cannot be exceeded ; and the state of my health, which of late years has been sorely tried and weakened, renders such qualifications most valuable, and, indeed, most useful in a constaut attendant, upon all occasions. He has since (in December 1865) most deservedly been appointed to be an upper servant and my permanent personal attendant. He has all the independence and elevated feelings peculiar to the Highland race, and is singu larly straightforward, simple-minded, kind hearted, and disinterested, always ready to oblige, and of a discretion rarely to be met with. He is now in his fortieth year. His father w'as a small farmer who lived at the Bush, on. the_ opposite, side ._to. Balmoral. J3.tJ is btio stsuuiiu Ojl iiiiits uioiiuura— — iiiueb 01 whom have died — two are in Australia and New Zealand, two are living in the neigh bourhood of Balmoral, and the youngest, Archie (Archibald) is valet to our son Leopold, and is' an excellent, trustworthy young man.' John Brown was not the only Highlander taken into the Eoyal ser vice during the tour already referred to, but, with only one or two exceptions, they have preceded him to 'the Land o' the Leal.' Of late years he was the constant personal attendant on the Queen, by whom his death will he severely felt. ?.. New Zealand Pigs. — Most of the whares in the Lake District are surrounded by gardens, in which^ the peach-tree and tobacco-plant are conspicuous by their almost tropical luxuriance. The small cultivations are surrounded by high wooden fences of tea-tree, not only as a preventative „ againsc the incursions of fowls, but as a barrier against the depredations of the in numerable pigs, which, when they are not grubbing -about and doing all the mischief thejjean, or fraternising familiarly with the chilperi, are taking siestas in the overflow ing/waters of the tepid springs, with an air of/tranquil enjoyment, which would seem to indicate that they were utterly ignorant of the fact that a lar^e nftiv.ftnt.fi.oro nf i.ho human race had a predilection for boiled pork and beans. While writing of pigs, I may mention that when walking round the whares, and noticing the various phases of Maori hotspring life, I saw half-a-dozen members of the porcine tribe come quietly along with an easy, self-satisfied air, as if they had just gone through their morning ablutions in the warm bubbling fountains, and were going to root round for steamed potatoes, boiled cabbage, and other deli cacies. Suddenly a half-naked Maori slunk out of his whare, with a long knife between his teeth. Quick as thought, and with the skill of a champion assassin, he seized the foremost porker by the hind-leg. A xDrod from the knife, and the crimson blood of the murdered animal mingled with a rill of boiling water which was running past in a hurry, as it were, to cool itself in the lake. A twist of the wrist and the pig was jerked into a steaming pool where the boiling waters twirled and hissed as if in a red-hot cauldron. Out again in an instant and then they set to work to scrape off the bristles, which came away in flakes, as if they had been simply stuck on by nature by the aid of a little glue, and the skin of the porker gleamed white as snow be neath the sun. In two minutes more he was disembowelled, and then he was placed over a steam-hole, with a couple of sacks over him, to be cooked for the evening meal. From the time that porker gaily walked the earth until the end of that terrible process, I think about fifteen minutes expired. When I was in Chicago I saw a machine where the ' hogs ' were put in at one end and came out sausages at the other, and in Texas they told me, amongst other big things, that they had a machine by which the 'liogs,' when ' drayloaded in,' came out sausages too, but then this ' Texan machine was ? so infinitely superior to that of Chicago that if you didn't think the sausages quite up to the mark, $11 you had to do was to put back your sausages into this wonderful apparatus, and forthwith they came out ' hogs.' But I know of no machines like those of Ohine mutu, where a pig can be caught, cured, and cooked within the space of fifteen minutes/ It requires one of Dame Nature's machines, in the shape of a red-hot boiling spring to do that. — Auckland News. Selection of Seed. — If farmers paid a little more attention to the selection of seed wheat and other cereals than many of them do, it would be often greatly to their advan tage. Though this subject is one of the greatest importance to every grain culti vator, it is one that is too frequently quite ignored. As regards wheat, for instance, it should be borne in mind that in selecting varieties that some are much better adapted for particular soils and localities than others. No precise rules can be laid down for making a selection, as mi&k; will depend upon local circumstances ; and each cultivator must find out by experience those kinds that are best adapted for his wants. There are several good varieties in cultivation, but those old and popular kinds, known as the purple straw and white tuscan, are un doubtedly the favourites with the majority of the wheat- growers in Victoria, and both possess excellent qualities. For several years there has been a strong desire among the farmers to get hold of varieties that would not be materially injured by rust, but, so far, their wishes have not been realised. Though some kinds will un doubtedly resist the disease better than others, yet, so far, none have turned out to be absolutely rust-proof. It is also a matter of some importance that pure and clean samples of seed should be used, even if the price paid is rather high. It is use less to expend time and labour in cleaning land if it is to be fouled again .by sowing dirty seed. Another important considera tion is to obtain seed that is as free as possible from the germs of rust, smut, and other fungoid diseases which are often so troublesome to grain-crops. A change of seed is* also required occasionally, and unless this is duly provided for, the crops will, after a few years, show a fallihg-off, both in quality and ? bulk. In order to destroy fungus germs the seed must be dressed, or ' pickled ' as it is generally termed, with a solution specially prepared for the purpose. The most generally used specific is bluestone, which should be ap plied in the proportion of lib. dissolved in six quarts of water to every eight bushels of grain. In applying the dressing the wheat should be spread upon a clean floor in heaps of three or four bushels, and the solution poured over the grain, which must then be mixed thoroughly till every portion is wetted. The grain must be allowed to remain in the heaps for about twelve hours, to allow the solution to soak in, and afterwards it should be spread out thinly to dry. The seed may -be sown immediately after the dressing process is completed, or it may, if required, be stored away and used at a future time. Salt aud water made into brine sufficiently dense to float an egg is another popular ' pickle ' for wheat, and is applied in precisely the same way as recommended for bluestone solution. — ? Federal Australian. The Babbit Pest. — Queenslanders are be coming alarmed regarding ^the threatening invasion -by-rabbits.-. .The Queenslander of tlie 31st ultimo says :— xi is repufcciti 'Cmu, the rabbit pest is close oi\ the _Queenland border, some short distance west of Walgett. If there is any truth in the report, prompt and. energetic measures ought to be taken at once to stay the plague. Should the rabbits make their way across the border it will be little short of a calamity. A limited outlay now judiciously employed in strengthening the hands of the New South Wales author ities in ethe border district would probably be the means of preventing very serious future losses both in money and pas ture.' ?- . Surgical Instruction for Engineers. — It is pretty generally recognised among surgeons that the successful practitioner of that art has need of not a little mechanical ability. Indeed, many, if not most sur geons of eminence have shown a genius for mechanics of the finer sort, and have owed to their mechanical skill and dexterity no small portion of their professional success. On the other hand, it is beginning to be understood that a limited knowledge of operative surgery, certainly enough of the art to enable a man to tie an artery, staunch a flow of blood, or bind up the wounds of an injured workman or traveller, is highly desirable, if not vitally necessary, to me chanics and engineers. This is especially true to the foremen of machine shops, engine-drivers, and civil and mining engineers. In many manufacturing opera tions and in all works of constructive and mining engineering, accidents are always liable to happen ; and not infrequently the needed surgeon is miles away. In any case, the advantage of having close at hand some one familiar with the first treatment of serious hurts, who can do what is needful to be done in such emergencies to keep the patient's life from wasting before the regular surgeon's help can be obtained, is beyond question. Hitherto, so far as we know, provision for this important line of instruc tion for young engineers and foremen in constructive works has never been made by our technical institutions. The trustees of the University of Pennsylvania, however, have now taken the first step in a move ment in this direction, and have engaged a lecturer on operative surgery to give a course of lectures on surgery to the senior scientific classes of the collegiate depart ment of the University, especially the mining and engineering sections. The innovation is a good one, and it is to be hoped that the results will be so encourag-. ing that the lectures will not only be con tinued, but imitated in all high grade technical schools. — Scientific American. Among the antique articles in possession of a Mr. Sewall of Maine arc a set of pewter plates bearing the seal of King Kiohard, and supposed to be more than four hundred years old ; also one large silver spoon, which represents all the money received for building a saw and gristmill — the payment having been made in silver and then cast into the spoon. Female wrestlers are the latest novelty of the Parisian stage. The troupe, consist ing of four lady athletes, wearing very neat costumes, appear at the Folies Bergere, where they contend together every evening for prizes offered by the management. The Paris papers state that occasionally ambitious amateurs enter the lists with these profes sionals, and are not always defeated. 