THE North-Eastern Ensign. Published on Tuesdays and Fridays, =============================== TUESDAY, MAY 29, 1883. =============================== As showing the progress made by the Benalla Fire Brigade, it may be interesting to our readers to compare the times made in Corowa with those of former competitions. The first event won by the Benalla team occupied 17¾ seconds. This time has only been beaten once in the colonies, that being done in Sandhurst last March by Corowa, in 17 seconds. The Victorian eight men's practice was carried off by Corowa in 30 2-10 seconds, Benalla second in 35 2-10 seconds. Benalla's time has only been beaten once in the colonies, and that was also in Sandhurst, when the Sandhurst City was successful in 32 2- 5 seconds, Corowa taking second place in 35 4-10 seconds, Benalla being eighth or ninth on the list in 39 seconds. It must also be borne in mind that these times were made under the most favorable circum- stances, as the weather was fine, and the run- ning track at Sandhurst asphalted ; whilst in Corowa the events were run off on a sloppy heavy track, and in continuous rain ; so that the performances can hardly be said to be inferior to those contested in Bendigo at the last annual demonstration. If our firemen will only continue to give their attention to practice in the future as they have done in the past, we prophesy that they will occupy a lead- ing place in the demonstration to be held in Geelong on the 17th of next March. The royal mail steamer Ballarat will be despatched with mails for Western Australia, India, China and Europe at 7 a.m. on Tuesday, 6th June. The times appointed for closing at the Benalla post office are :— For money orders, 3 p.m., Saturday, 2nd June ; registered letters, 6 p.m., Saturday, 2nd June ; ordinary letters and newspapers, 4.30 p.m., on Monday, 4th June. The rainfall for the past fortnight through- out the district has been very satisfactory. In Benalla during that time the fall has been 2¼ inches, and of this 78 points fell on Friday. A football match will be played on Saturday next, on the Recreation Reserve, between teams representing Benalla and Swanpool. The St. James race meeting came off on Thursday last (Queen's Birthday). Unfortu- nately, the day was very wet, which limited the attendance and interfered with the sport. The entries were good, and the following are the results, as published in the Tungamah Express :— Hurdle Race — Tasso 1, Pearl 2 ; No Name was the favorite, but unluckily bolted. There were six starters. For the Maiden Plate there were eight entries, with the following result :— Canterbury 1, No Name 2, Alice 3. Handicap — Canterbury 1, Mickey Free 2, Dick Turpin 3. Consolation — Shadow 1, No Name 2. At a Cabinet meeting held on Friday it was decided that Parliament should re-assemble for the despatch of business on the 3rd July. At a sale of thoroughbreds on Friday, at Kirk's Bazaar, Mr. James Tomkins secured Black Prince, by Prince William, out of Daphner, for 46 guineas ; and Beeswing, by Lady Kirk out of Lady Louisa, for 30 guineas. In the football matches played on Saturday, Melbourne beat South Melbourne, the goals being 3 and 10 behinds to 2 and 12 behinds. Hotham kicked 3 goals and 8 behinds to Carlton's 2 goals and 13 behinds. Essendon suffered defeat at the hands of 23 of South Yarra, the latter scoring 4 goals and 9 behinds to to Essendon's 3 goals and 10 behinds. The June number of the Sketcher has a large illustration entitled " A close finish, " and a bush engraving called " Tea and Damper. " Among the other illustrations are given some interesting sketches of New Guinea. There are also sketches of " Sunday at the Art Gallery," " Hoisting of the British Flag at Port Moresby, " a Sandridge sketch of two sailors painting a mast, views in Auckland, to a likeness of the late Sir John O'Shanassy ; views of Normanby Chambers, and Hansen's Buildings, recently erected in Melbourne. News was yesterday received in Benalla that Dr. Price, who had lately located at Lake Rowan, had died suddenly. Dr. Price came from Glen Lion to practice in the Lake Rowan district, and last week he appeared to be in the enjoyment of excellent health. The annual meeting of the Agricultural So- ciety will be held at the Royal Hotel on Satur- day next for the purpose of electing officers and appointing date for the next show. The Chief Secretary, in further considering the report of the Police Commission on the re- organisation of the force, has instructed the chief commissioner to remove the detectives from their office in Flinders lane, and provide for their accommodation at the metropolitan superintendent's office, Swanston-street. The commission proposed that when this branch was merged in the general body of police the control of all officers who performed detective work should be exercised solely by the chief commissioner, but Mr. Chomley pointed out that he could not undertake this additional duty unless he neglected other more important functions, Mr. Berry is of the same opinion, and it has been arranged that the plain clothes sergeants who will be the detectives of the future, shall be under the direction of the su- perintendent of the district ; Sub inspector Kennedy, then present head, to continue in that capacity under Superintendent Nicolas's supervision. Mr. Kennedy will not be ap- pointed to perform this duty only, but will be available for other work required of his grade should necessity arise. The abolition of secret service money, as recommended by the com- misison, will take place ; and the plain-clothes sergeants will not be permitted to make any payments to persons of the criminal class for information supplied. These negotiations are to be left entirely to the superior officers of the force. As vacancies occur among the plains clothes sergeants, recruits will be taken from the ranks, and not from outside the service. In consequence of all the alterations recently decided upon, a number of promotions will be necessary, and so far it has been determined to appoint five additional sub-inspectors, of whom three will serve in large country districts. Promotions to higher grades have not been made, but it is likely that a vacancy will soon arise among the superintendents, as Mr. Green, who was recently reappointed to one of those posts, will probably be superannuated. Mr. Berry is disinclined to adopt the recommenda- tion of the Police Commission regarding the dismissal of Detectives Duncan and O'Callaghan and Nixon. Their cases have not yet been dealt with, but there is a likelihood of their being appointed to duty in some districts out of Melbourne. The question of altering or re- taining the present uniform of constables has not been fully considered, nor will it be until after the reorganisation is completed, but the Chief Secretary can see no reason at present why any change should be made.— Argus. The annual race meeting of the Melbourne Hunt Club took place on the Flemington course on Thursday. The attendance was not large, but the racing on the whole was good. Stormbird won the Hurdle Race, with Merry Maid second, and Wild Harry third. The Queen's Birthday Stakes fell to Egerton, Wel- come Jack and Squireen being second and third respectively. Vaulter and Black Jacket were the only two horses in the Steeplechase that got round without falling, and they finished as mentioned. The Corinthian Flat Race was won by Liddington, who was ridden by Mr. W. Glasscock, The Ghost being second, and Sir Charles third, Anagram carried off the Selling Race, whilst Liddington and Cæsar filled the places. The Flying Stakes was won by Squireen, Cæsar being second and Sir Charles third. It will be seen by advertisement that the Benalla Wine and Spirit Company, Bridge- street, have on hand a supply of brandies, whiskey, wines and beer. The company also advertise a large stock of furniture. Mr. Joseph Hatwell is the manager. To-morrow Messrs. Watts and M'Bean will sell by auction at Bailey's Carrier Arms, at 2 o'clock, allotment 2, section 8, containing 27a 3r 24p, having a frontage to the Sydney road, and being in close proximity to the town. Also allotment 4, section C, containing half an acre next to Jenkin's workshops Nunn-street ; two weatherboard cottages in Carrier-street, near the railway station ; allotment 17, section O, Egmont-street, containing half an acre ; and an allotment in Bridge-street, near Marcham's of about three quarters of an acre. The Rev. T. Birkett Vipont will lecture at the Rechabite Hall on Thursday evening. Subject : " Evolution and Agnosticism. " The chair will be taken by Mr. Wm. Blackburne. A meeting of the general committee of the Football Club will be held to night at Rodger's Benalla Club Hotel. The Herald reports that a fatal fire occurred at Queenscliff on Sunday night, when a wooden house occupied by a man named John Smith, in the employ of Conway and Evans, asphalt contractors, was consumed as well, as the occupant. It is not known how the fire originated. Joseph Brady, who was recently executed for the mur- der of Lord Frederick Cavendish, is, according to a London paper, a member of a somewhat remarkable family. His father and mother are not yet 60 years old, and their children number 25 — 20 sons and five daughters, most of whom are living and in fairly re- spectable situations. Brady's father has been for 40 years in one employ, and bears a high character. He says he was entirely ignorant of his son's connexion with secret societies, and his arrest came on him as a shock. Brady's family were well aware of his intimacy with the informer Carey, who shortly before the assassination asked Brady to become godfather to one of his children, Brady was apparently a devoted Roman Catholic, and he was so highly esteemed by the clergy of that church that he was appointed an office bearer in Ann-street Chapel, Dublin. At the door of this chapel for nine years he was entrusted with the responsible duty of making the collection, and he discharged his office throughout to the satisfaction of his clergy, Brady, up to the day of his arrest, was employed by the Dublin corporation, of which Carey was a member, and since the trial it has been discovered that the convict fre- quently gave himself a holiday, without reproof, pre- sumably to confer with Carey and others belonging to the so-called invincibles. One of the greatest feats of horsemanship ever recor- ded in this neighborhood was (says the Riverine Star) performed by Mr. Charles Brown, of Four-bob Camp Station, in the Humbug Creek district. On Sunday last at 1 o'clock in the morning, Mr. Brown received a telegram to the effect that he was immediately and ur- gently wanted in Wagga Wagga, the reason being the ill health of his mother, who was not then expected to recover. He started at 2 o'clock on horseback, and arrived at 4 o'clock in the afternoon of the same day. The distance between Four-bob and Wagga is 150 miles, and it will be seen that Mr. Brown covered that great stretch in fourteen hours. This, in itself would have been a great feat if relays of horses had been ready for him at the different stations, but when it is remembered that no previous intimation had been given along the route, and that at the changes the horses had to be run up from paddocks, it makes the performance a truly marvellous one. Mr. Brown says that he was in the saddle only ten hours, riding seven horses, which goes to show that he must hare ridden the whole way at the rate of 15 miles per hour. ================= 