THE CORONBATION OF THE CZAR. Moscow, May 27. (From the Argus Correspondent.) AT 7 o'clock this morning the inauguration of the magnificent 'ceremonies attendant upon the coronation of the Emperor and Empress of all the Russias was announced by the ringing of hundreds of bells and a thunder of artillery. Even at that early hour the streets were thronged with people, visitors from abroad and from other parts of the empire crowding the casements, all striving to find eligible places from which to view the procession. Such places were worth a great deal of money. During the entire night there was unusual activity in the streets. Not only were those people there whose anxiety concerning the coronation kept them awake, but a strong guard of soldiers patrolled all parts of the city, giving the streets a very martial appearance. Great bodies of soldiers, shortly before six o'clock, were stationed along the route of the procession, some four miles in length, and occupied the streets on either side, keeping the people on the side walks. All the unre served spaces in the streets were speedily filled by eager sight-seers, while windows, doorways, and house-tops were let out at fab ulous prices to visitors. The dignitaries of the realm who were to take part in the actual ceremony assembled according to the preo arranged programme at the Cathedral of the Holy Assumption within the walls of the Kremlin. These functionaries entered the mag nificent building at just 7.30 a.m. At about eight there followed in order the foreign princes, the nobility of Russia and other States of Europe, and the special and regular ambas sadors of foreign countries residing in Russia. The utmost care was exercised to prevent the admission of any unauthorised or improper persons, each individual as he appeared at the entrance being made to exhibit a carefully pre pared ticket, which was subjected to the clos est scrutiny. This form was observed also at the wall of the Kremlin and the doors of the cathedral. Atthe requestof GeneralSchwein itz, the Ambassador for Germany, 80 members comprising the diplomatic corps, assembled at his mansion, and were conveyed thence to the Kremlin in superbly equipped coaches. The remainder of the diplomatic body, consisting. of the attaci)s of the various legations, were assigned positions in a tribune just outside the cathedral proper, but inside the inclosure of the Kremlin. .When the walls of the Krem lini inclosed all of the crowd that could be ad mitted, a-choir of boys chanted the Te Deum, amid profound silesce, outside the church as well as within it. The clergy, accompanied by acolytes bearing the cross and ewer of holy water, proceeded to receive the Czarovitch. This scion of royalty, who was surrounded by abrilliant cort~ge, took his place at the right hand of the throne. When the procession started it was made known to those inside the cathedral by the renewed ringing of bells, by the sonorous music from sco'es of bands,- and by shouting from those outside. As the royal party appeared"at the door of the palace, the immense multitude immediately uncovered their heads and burst into loud acclamations, in which even the women joined, the entlhusi asm being hearty and spontaneous. At the head of the royal barouche, which now entered the Kremlin, was the master ofthe ceremonies, flanked by heralds richly clothed and mounted upon pure white horses. The procession was of immense length, and comprised deputies from the Asiatic States of the Empire, students f the University/the clergy, judges, nobility and prefects from every section of the Empire. When the front rank reached the doors of the palace it was met by the Emperor, wearing the white uniform of a colonel of the Imperial guard, and the Empress, dressed in the Rus sian national costume of black velvet, richly embroidered with diamonds, and girdled with ajmagnificentbelt ofprecious stones. TheEm press leaned on the arm of her Imperial con sort, and the pair placed themselves behind a canopy richly wrought in silk and gold,- held by 32 generals of high military rank. They then took their place near the head of the pro cession, directly behind the regalia. At this moment the entire body of the clergy emerged from the cathedral, in order to meet the re galia, which they publicly sprinkled with holy water and perfumed incense. Upon entering the portals of the cathedral the Emperor and Empress were received by the Metropolitans of Moscow, of Novgarod, and Keiff, who pre sented to them a cross to be kissed, and sprinkled them with holy water. Before the sacred images which flanked the doors of the cathledral theEmperor and Empress knelt and bowed their heads, after which they were con ducted to two ancient thrones of ivory and silver. The Emperor occupied the historical throne of the Czar Vladimir Monomagere, while the-Empress iwas seated in an armchair, gilded and encrusted with jewels, The thrones wvere placed on the dais erected be twees the-middle columis of the cathsydh, and over the dais was a canopy of scarlet vel vet suspended from the arched roof. It was embroidered with gold and lined with silver brocade, which was worked with Russia and all dependencies in the most ingenious man ner. In front of the thrones were two tables covered with gold cloth, on which were placed the crowns, orb, and sceptre. Only the foreign princes were accommodated with seats. The Russian princes arind the other dignitaries stood during the entire ceremony, according to the custom of the Greek Church. The dig nitaries of the realm who-carried the standard and seal of the empire took their stand on the steps of the dais. After their majesties were seated the metropolitan of Novgarod asked the Emperor in a loud, distinct voice, "Are you a true believer r" The Emperor, falling on his knees, read in a clear voice the -Lord's Prayer and Apostles Creed accordingto the Greek Church, the Metropolitan responding, " May the grace of the Holy Ghost remain with thee !" He then descended the dais. The following cus tomary summons was then three times re peated by the bishop :-" If there be any of you here present knowing any impedimentfor which Alexander, son of Alexander, should not be crowned, by the grace of God, Emperor and Autocrat of all the Russias, let him come forward now in the name of the Holy Trinity, and show what the impediment is, or let him remain dumb for ever after." Reading selec tions from.. the.. gospel- the metropblitan. of Novgarod and Keiff again ascended the dais, and invested the Emperor with the Imperial mantle, the archbishop of MoscowN saying at the same time, " Cover and protect thy people as this robe protects and covers thee." 'The Emperor responded, "I will,'I will, I will, God helping." The metropolitan of Novgarod, crossing his hands on the head of the Emperor then invoked the benediction of the Almighty God upon him and his reign, and delivered to Alexander the Third the crown of Russia, which he .placed on his own head. Assuming the sceptre and orb, he. took his seat on the throne. He then returned the insignia of his title to the dignitaries appointed to receive them, and called the Empress, who knelt be fore him. He touched her head lightly with his crowni, and then formally crowned her with her own crown. The bearing and atti tude of the Empress as she knelt was one of sympathy with her royal husband, and touched the audience deeply. The Czar preserved throughout the ceremony a grave and decorous dignity and nobleness of'demeanour which aroused the admiration of all present. After the Empress had been duly invested with the imperial mantle, and their majesties were both seated on their thrones, an archdeacon intoned the imperial titles, and sang " Domine salvam rac imperatum," which was taken up and thrice repeated by the. choir. Directly this part of the ceremony was finished, the bells in all the churches of Moscow rang out in a chorus, while a salute of.101 guns was fired, and inside the cathedral the members of the imperial family tendered their congratulations to their majesties. The Emperor then knelt and recited a prayer, at the end of which the clergy and all present knelt before the Empe ror. The Archbishop of Moscow said aloud, on behalf of the nation, a fervent prayer of happiness to their majesties; shouts of "Long live the Emperor" then rent the cathedral,and were taken up by the thousands outside, and carried from mouth to mouth, until that part of the multitude which was unable to get inside the ample acreage of the Kremliri" caught the sound, which waved -a huge volume of humafigratulation to the re motest parts of the city.- The cathedral choir then sang the Te Deum, after which the Emperer ungirded his sword, and accompanied by the Empress and numerous dignitaries, proceeded to the gate of the sanctuary. There the metropolitan of Novgarod anointed the Emperor's forehead, eyelids, nostrils, and lips, ears, breast, and hands, at the same time ex claiming, " Behold the seal of the-Holy Ghost; may it ever keep thee Holy." The-Emipress was anointed only, on her. forehead. . -Both took the sacrament, and then left the cathe dral wearing their crowns - and mantles, the Emperor also bearing the sceptre and orb. After praying at the Cathedral of St. Michael the Archangel, their majesties returned to the palace escorted by a procession which prq sented even a more splendid- sight than that which escorted them to the cathedral, being now augmentedby the gorgeous state carriages of the Imperial family. Banners were waved from all points of the Kremlin, and the whole route: of the procession fairly glowed with bright draperies and hangings. - The Emperor re-entered the palace by the celebrated red staircase from whence the ilaws were anciently promulgated. There he turned and saluted the people, who immediately uncovered their heads, cheering enthusiastically and blessing the Czar. The cost of the coronation is estimated at .£2,000,000, which will be covered by an issue of Treasury Bills. Only thirteen newspaper correspondents were allowed inside the cathe dral during the ceremony, six Russian and seven foreign. The latter included one Eng lish and one American correspondent. A pro fessor of the academy and-12 artists liave beesi appointed to make a complete album of the events of the coronation ceremonial. .The square was so densely packed that it would have been impossible for any miscreant to have extricated his arms should he have in tended to use them against the Czar. The Times correspondent, who was the only.: Ezig lish newspaper represefitative in the cathedral, says the ceremony was so grand and imposing that his pen can give only a dim and imper fecet impression of the event. The illumina tion to-night was magnificent, and the city looks one mass of variegated fires. Amongst the many things that'have been tried to get rid of white ants in andaboit the roots of fruit treesin this-colony, we have not heard before of the following :-A correspon dent of the Putnain couintry, Fla., Jolurnal, who tried several remedies to rid hisorange trees of white ants at the roots, but without effect, found the following plans efficacious: First clean away the earth to about the top of the upper large roots; then remove all bark loosened by .the insects and kill everyone in, under, or ardund the bark. Thenrub soau any good hard soap-into every hole and corner, up and down the body of the tree from the tops of the large roots to, say, 4in. above ground: Do this carefully and thoroughly. It will,take trifling time and aldiost no expense. It will kill every insect around the tree, and nosne from the surround ing soil will thereafter attack.. If well done, the application will last about three months; then apply again, and you will experience no further trouble or loss. So far as a consider able demonstration extends on our own place and others, this treatment has failed in not ope singl.e i tlR~ng," 