CORRESPONDENCE.. S.M., Diamond nill,— Not accepted. E.A.P., Drummond.— Ink stains may bo removed from cotton by applying salts of lemou. The applica- tion should bo made according to the instructions which are clvcn with each box of the nowder. SoBsenwBR, Robe.— The Duke of Tcck was never in Australia, A Subscriber, Ilotham. — Tlio Into Air. Gcorgo Thomas was not a passenger in the Box-hill special with his father. Well Wisiier, Merino. — You will get tho scale of railway charges by applying to tho traffic department, Spcnccr-strcct. An Inquirer, Waggarrandall.— If you refer to the ship Franklutau, wo are unable to tell you tho mean ing of the name, or how It caino to bo applied. K. N., Bcnalla.— 1. Your proper courso is to apply at tho office of tho Master-in- Equity for (a search, and pay the accustomed fees. 2. In case of tho ostoto hot having been administered to, tho first thing to bo done by tho next of kin is to apply for probate or letters of administration. Constant Reader. —The harvest in New Zealand will be nearly over boforo you can reach there. Tho corn districts arc chiefly in Otago, but it is impossible for us to say whero labor is most required. Rates of passage you will learn on application to tho Union Steam Shipping Company, Melbourne. A Subscriber, Minyip.— You can gat copies of tho : New South Wales Land Act and the maps you want by applying to tho Crown Lands Office, Sydney. Tho nearest route to Now England Is vid Sydney. Holuheld, Thoona, ticf Lake Rowan, asks "What year was tho ship Edward Loom wrockod on the Sow and Pigs going to Sydney fromTasmania? "I think," lie says, "it was bctwooa 1830-40/' Perhaps somo of our readers can give the information. G.W., Broadford.—O having paid ills deposit and dccliniug to go on, clearly forfeits the deposit to G, to whom it ought to bo paid. A BUB80RI0ER for Twenty Years.— Tho letter you refer to was written by Mr. 1'ringle, Wedderburn. Tho person montloncd as having possession of a romedy for cancer was a rcsidont at Kyncton at tho timo, and maybe possibly bo thero still. Wo havo forgotten his name, but wo think ho was a cliomlst. With regard to British OH, a correspondent recently supplied tho following information, and which wo inserted as fol lows in The Leader, 10th Dee., 1832:— Oleum Later!- tium or British oil is sold as a patent inodlclno undor the name of Bretton's British Oil. Its com position can bo ascertained at the patent office. England; perhaps it may appear In Cray's Phartw coloyia or in Beasley's Chemistry— works devoted to tho analysis o! patent and other compounds. X believe It to be tnado by pouring olive oil upon brides bcaied to redness, wbicu forms a compound of aluminium, calciums, iron and various coloring matters, and when combined with nitric oxtdo of quicksilver, which is red precipltato, would make an invaluable externa! oppli- cation "If judiciously applied" hi carcimonus or cmcorous affections. J. O., Bacchus Marsh, writes respecting tho Ghost Story told to tho Ouoon:— " I was very much surprised that such a ridiculous yarn should find its way into print. I havo tho pleasure of knowing the Tottcii- hams ; thoy have largo estates in tho countios of Wex ford, Wicklow, and different counties of Ireland. I was born and reared besido tho Tottenbams in fbo county of Wicklow, My fatherand grandfather knew tbo Tottenbams generations before mo. 1 know the different branches of tbo family, and I never heard such an old wife's tale of ghosts, cloven feet, thunder claps, brimstone, madness, and the magic of parislt priests. If thero was a partielo of truth iu it. or if such a talc ever did. exist, I must have heard of it whlcb I nover did. I never heard of any madness iu tho family." A Constant Reader, Kooroe.— Tho following is a reclpo for making Boap:— Any sort of nshes will give lyo; swainp oak is amongst tho best for tho purpose Any sort of tallow or fat will answer. Mako a holo at the bottom ofa tub or barrel ; p!v ' . nearly All IV birrci Ith vch- ; ; in much water tbo ; -h viJi 4;;t; ; «tar»d for thrcodays: r-m off im. Hr.uor, t-v/t-J Jvi», etui pour in n-.er until tbrc-r- ii''-r».cs oi ivo uic takonfroin t V ariu-s. P it »>ie fit- ; i- . into a |»ot with as much ti.;! h if '.an EA\,nlfv >; mrvUt.- uoany, mid boll about iy.d:c hour : th-.a .til'J tno rcc- onu lyV and boil about < v/o hour-j moru ; draw <>fr the vrMor r,ti't add the third lyo, and for an I.Mir >t f->. .uiikii.o three bollbi.foi about ylxhouis In all. Allow ll to settle, and u.' »l eooiu draw off r. II water that remain t undor Uiouv.ip, vhlch iu th;u ivady for u,o. Mary A\\.v— 'iry tho fuHowiiig, which has Wen sue ceflsfully u-rVi for filling hair Aromatic ' ammonia, / uz.; Uxciiuo :u» 1 .ovo voter cavii '» w' tincture ot cuntbariikfc, \ ns.; nli-ohol puilicl"iit t j clarify tho mixture, A IUttkk.— Tho inUo.-.ing nr? ccoi r«;ip,v, baking powder:— 1. One pari bicarbonate of two parte of j ure orcam iarUr, uli. together et.-i bottlo or Lo p !r„ a paper y i» k. 2. Poivdcrinddry separately )>.v a gentle «o.v. \ Urtvh- acid, i lb u puro blcarl'onalo >f f-xVi.aod I lb. rf potato fsrjn-. c- starch. M/r dry. 1>-- CfVcrJ li-noa throucl asier- and preserve iroui air and nioLitm c. " ' ' | G.B.W.— Tlio foHowhig is a f.o'jd recijK'. foi ch») .-! chow,—1 "1 pijfcof green tomidc,;, j p«;U)Btringbrini I ipeck small white ouUns i pyGUiefn.anaivjti J per, mixed ; 2' large heads of cabbage, 4 Lrvtjlo- snoonfulls white. mustard seed. 2 ot .whlUi or block. 1 cloves. 2 ot colcry seed, 2 ol allspice, I email box , of yollow mustard, 1 lb. brown 'sugar, I oz. tur j merle. ' Sllco ' tlio ' toinatoos and let thotn. stand ' ovor night In brino that will bear an egg, ; saueczo : from tho brine, chop tho 'cabbage, onions and beans, chop, tomatoes separately, mix with tho spices, put nil In a porcelain kettle, cover with vinegar and boil -thrco hours." , . . 