CHAPTER XXII.-THE EARLS FEARFUL DREAMS. _ - . Til , _ 1 Madam Leicester was very much disturoei upon learning tho resntt of Nina's interview witl tho Earl of Durward. Tho young gii-1 never remembered having Eoei her queenly mother s© agitated beforo in all he: life. Her self-command forsook her utterly, an< silo bowed her fair, beautiful face upon her hands and wept bitterly. Half tho night afterward she paced her cham ber, seriously debating within herself whal course to pursuo. It galled her proud spirit beyond endurance tc havo her lovely child tortured and insulted a¡ she had boen that day, and she now blamed hor self severely f*r having allowed her to go upor such an errand. 1 I might have known better," she said, sternly, to herself ; " ho is a hard- hearted, cruel tyrant te the very core of his heart." After long deliberations and consultationsj they concluded to insert advertisements in all the London papers which had a wide circulation abroad, desiring tho address of tho Earl of Mel rose ; but no reply over carno to them, and as the long weeks dragged wearily away, their hope for the futuro grew fainter and fainter, loaving them ead and sick at heart. Madam's pupils dropped off ono by ono, until only two or three remained, her aristicratic patrons fearing that they should lose casto by patronising any ono who the subject of BO much scandal and suspicion as Madam Leicester and her daughter appeared ts be. Consequently she did not feel able to retain the expensive corps of teachers which she had hitherto employed, and, after much anxisus thought, she resolved to close her establishment in tho city, whero lifo had lost all charm for them, and remove to some quiet place in tho country. Nina's health was very delicate; she wasliterally grieving herself to death, and her mother knew that some decided change was necessary for her. Caroline gradually recovered from her terrible sickness, but she was no longer tho bright, merry girl Bho had been. She seemed suddenly to have grown old, and waB continually brooding over the blighted hopos of tho past. She was thin and sallow, her eyes heavy and sunken, and an expression of pain and distontent constantly shone upon her face. As soon as she was able to clo BO, she confided to her father the secret of Nina's supposed un faithfulness, and of Kenneth's strange disap pearance. His lordship was very much elated over the knowledge thus jgained, and fully believed that he now saw his way clear to carry out his former designs regarding his ward and Caroline* > ; . He wrote Kenneth a long letter (having lately discovered where letters would reach him) in which he sympathised with him, and enlarged upon the nature of his trouble, and finally, in the most delicate manner imaginable, suggested the idea of a lo gal separation from his wile. The epistle which he received in reply to this letter was highly characteristic of the young noble man, as well as exceedingly disappointing and mortifying to tho scheming earl. " Never speak or write to me again," tho letter Bternly dictated, " of a legal separation from Lady Malcolm; It is a proposition which I could not entertain under any circumstances, unless it should come from her personally. I chose Miss Leicester to bo my wife; I wedded her in the face 1 of the world, and as my wile she will be known while she lives. I do not deny that I was gri vously shocked and disappointed upon making tl discovery to which you refer, and which I regr< Caroline had net consideration enough for ni feelings and reputation to keep to herself ; bi that is past, and let it be forgotten, if possibl Of Gourse I can never return to remain long at time in England,with such a blight upon my lif< and to you I shall intrust my business affairs, a heretofore, after reaching the age mentioned i my father's will. I wish all due respect to I rendered to the Countess of Melrose, and a gen« rous support allowed her from the resources c tho estates; and also, that she bo permitted, i she desires, to reside at Melrose Park, or an other place she may choose. These matters I er trufct entirely to you, and shall expect that yo will carry out my wishes to the letter, to the ea olusion of all prejudice which you may hav formerly entertained for the lady mentioned." The earl was by no means pleased when h read this letter. Its tone was . too independen and authoritative to suit him, but he dare no refuse to obey its instructions, since he knew tha Kenneth would take the management of hi property out of his hands at once, upon the expi ration of his guardianship, and that woul not do at all; he must still retain some hob upon him. . He believed that much depended upon keepini him under his influence. Twice he sent Nina a handsome remittance but the package -was returned to him each timi unopened, and the next thing he learned wa that madam and the unhappy bride had left Lon don, and gone no one knew whither. So he allowed Kenneth's income to accumulate and wrote nothing to him regarding their disap pearance, earnestly hoping thnt they would neve; hear anything from them again. The Earl of Durward was gotting tired o London life ! For years ho had resided there, enjoying th< honours and wealth which poured in upon hin from every side. But all these things seemed a length to Blunt tho keon edge of his desires, and pall all his enjoymonts. He was becoming surfeited with pleasure satiated with honours, and glutted with wealth Restlessness and discontent haunted him con tinually. Had his honours become " empty honours" tc him ? ? ? ' . ? - I''-V: Were his "fondest hopes turning to ashes ir his grasp ?" , " , * \ Many a night of late he . had started, from hit pillow, with these' Vords* of, his dead wife sound ing like a warning knell to his ears. ; > Would the rest of her "malediction" be wrought out for. him ? f <1 He had indeed roached "the height of hiE ¡glory." ! Could ib. l e possible that "despair and ruin,J wore about to " encompass him P" ' Caroline had lost all her desire to enter society : no amount of persuasion could induce her to re ! turn to its gaieties after her recovery. She did I not caro for her studioß, and seemed to take nc interest in anything. She appeared to pino for her old home at Leam ington Towers, however, more than for any other thing. - v. ' , She talked almost incessantly of tÜö cool, shady park, tho quiet freedom of its sheltered'walks, thc grassy lawn, tho musical fountains,'and the venerable ivy-grown structure which Bhe had BO loved in her childhood. Tho carl hiuiEelf began to think it might be pleasant to bo in his old homo again/ Ralph was away at Eton, preparing'to enter Oxford^ and af ter much though t and consultation with Lady Durward, it wa* decided best to close their towri house for tho present, and return to Leamington Towers. - \, ,'" . \ ,. i,- ; The town of Leamington, or Leamington Priors as it is called, is a beautiful town in Warwick shire, England. ' . . ; ? lt is noted forits lovely scenery, and for its many surrounding points of historical interest, among which " Tne Towers" itself is prominent, while not far distant are the Castle ot' Warwick, Kenil worth, and Stratford-upon-Avon. It is also re nowned as a watering-place, and its location re garded as exceedingly healthful. ' i The earl and countess, therefore, hoped much for Caroline from the chango, and six months after tho events related in the preceding chapter found them onco more established in their old home. s Hub the earl, after the first few weeks of excitement and interest occasioned by their removal had passed, became moro restless than cefore. j The familiar scenes of his old home seemed to arouse memories which troubled him; \ i ; .',; ' He began to grow gloomy and sullen/shunning all company, and wandering off for hours by him self in. the park during the day, while as evening came on he would shut himself up alone in the library, where he would remain often until mid night.' \ .>? '.' .-, /'I ' When he retired .to.hiB couch at night he was haunted by weird and troubled dreams, sp that time after time he would be obliged to rise and go out upon the balcony, which opened from his room into tho fresh air, to calm his excited nerves and forget his visions. .' > ; The change in him waa so marked that tho ser vants began to whisper among'themselves, and say that the ghost bf his dead wife, whom he had so ill- treated, had coma back to haunt him since his return to tho homo where he had mado her so miserable. \ ? : ¡ ..'The old ' butler seemed to be especially im pressed with this idea. With a mysterious shake of his grey head, ha,was often heard to whisper: " Holy Mother, re¿t the poor leddy's soul ! but it'B no more than right that her wraith should haunt him now, for it were a shanie the way his lordship used to carry a hand with her, and she the sweetest loddy that over trod old England's sod When his appetite began to fail, and ovory noise made him start and tremble with nervous dread, no began to bo alarmed about himself, and afc is wit'O'B earnest desire he called in good old Dr. Crawford, who, although now in his 75th year, was as hale and hearty, and as keen in judgment, as when, nearly 20 years ago, ho had attended the beautiful and suffering Madeline. He pronounced the earl's trouble to be nervous prostration, brqught on by too close application to business and politics for a protracted period. By way of caution, upon leaving, he remarked, somewhat carelessly : " You must look out, my lord, or we shall have you where the first Lady Durward was some 18 or 20 years ago.'' " "What J" he cried, his face growing ashen with a terrible fear, " you do not mean that my brain is affected?" "It is not seriously so at at present, but you will have to be very careful, or it will be," was the grave reply. - " What can I do ? I will do anything-suoh a, fate would "be too horrible " he cried, with a shudder. His mind went back to that day when in that very room he had planned with thoRe two strange physicians to doom his wife to a life of misery within the walls of a Maison de Sante. Could it be possible that his sin was to be visited upon him thus ; that he would become what he had pretended she was, and his own tho doom that he had planned for her ? The very thought made him feel as if his senses were slipping away from him even now. '.' You must be free from all excitement," the phycician said; then asked, with a searching lookj into his patient's horror-stricken face : .",f)'.i('fí " Have you any trouble on. your mind at pre sent P" . ' v . " No, nothing ; unless it is the fearful dreams I have at night, and which seem to haunt ino through the day." ^ ; "Of what do you dream P" . ¡ "Of thatdroadfulwreckin the English Channel mostly, in which I see Madeline drowning again. I put forth my hand to savo her, and she is horne beyond my reach. Again and again her white, dead face comes to tho surface, and sometimes taking on a mocking lifo-like look, as if to taunt me with my misery. I tell you, doctor, it is hor rible i And thon something will seem to clutch i me, and drag'me down, down into the depths, while weird voicna shriek in my ears, ' down i at last ! down at last ! encompassed by ruin and ' despair.'" i Tho strong mau looked as if ho heard those j voices even then. His eyes had a wild, frightened j expression in them, the perspiration stood out in great drops upon his forehead, and his fingers worked convulsively. Dr. Crawford regarded him with deep concern. " I should say you aro troubled also by indigos- . tion, which gives you nightmare. You must live lighter," ho said. " Live lighter ! Avhy I do not eat the value of a slice of broad a day !" the earl exclaimed. " Ah ! do you use stimulants at all ?" "Somewhat/' Lord Dudloy said, flushing. "I must do something to drown theso fancies, if fancies you. call them. Why, doctor," ho added, dropping his voice almost to a whisper, and glancing around, "I have almost grown to think Madeline's ghost haunts this house. You may smile, but I cannot enter a rooin alono,'I cannot walk in my grounds, I cannot lie down upon my bed at night, without feelixig that her presence " is noar.": ' '* My lord, you are very foolish to dwell upen these things. Ido not say you can "help their coining'to your mind, but you must hot allow them to remain. You and I know that thoro are no such things as ghcBts-Madolino ie dead ; let her rest in peaeo. Poor child! hers was a sad fate," sighed the doctor ; then added, thoughtfully : " She was always a favourite with ma, you know j she was so gentle, so graciou and kind. Sho would have mode a noble woman had she lived. There was a hidden force within her that would have come out grandly with time." The earl sat silent and gloomy ; he had'reason to remember something of the hidden - f orce of her character. < ,;i "Hers was a very singular case ; that severe sickness of hers was very'strange, r Had-I not known better, I should say that she had*-^-" " Had what ?" said Lord Dudley, eagerly, as he stopped Bhrrt. ' :- .>-.. " Nothing," replied the doctor, recovering from his musings. "lb can do no good to regret or harbour doubts ¡at this late day. Dp not allow your mind to dwell upon these things; my lord. Take plenty of exercise, and a bath every day, live light; drink nothing, and we'H ¡pull you through all right yet," I hope." ' The good old döctor left him a quieting powder in case he could not sleep, and then went away. But his visit, instead of reassuring his patient, only tended to make him more miserable than before. rr: VM:.'-'¡ '; '.,V'.-V' Madeline had, hitherto, been but a spectre of his dreams ; now she haunted his waking hours as well. , ; . '-; " . . < He could not rid his mind of her j again and again she would rise befpro him in all her beauty, as she had appeared on that eveningwhen he had treated her wíth¡ stich heartless cruelty. He saw her'sad, reproachful eyes, in which wero mingled wounded love and, despair.' Ho recalled her gentleness andi patience, as she stood before him pleading for the restoration of his love ; he heard her moan of anguish at his scorn, and her stern tones of denunciation, when her -woman's heart had been outraged beyond ali power of human endurance. , He recalled her'last words that night of the re ception with a thrill of terror. "May the wail of this, my, breaking heart your cruel work-ever sound in your, ears, and haunt your dying pillow 1" Could it be possible that the forces of his system were breaking up ? Could it be possible that he was soon to die, that these words should thus constantly ring in his cars? Was retribution about to overtake him? Then again he eaw her as ehe sfoad in the stateroom of that ill-fated vessel ; ho hcardher prophetic words. ' "in the midst of your greatest glory'" she had said, the ghost of a blighted life will haunt you like an avenging angel ; and:-mark my words- i when yoir have reached the topmost round of i 'distinction, there will come a day when you will be hurled from that pinnacle to the very depths : of degradation." < " That can nevfer be," he muttered with a frown. "I have reached 'the topmost round of distinc tion/ but disgrace can never come near me ; it is impossible that disgrace can. ever even so much as touch my fair fame." "I may be going to die," he added, "but I shall leave a stainless name to my children." He looked at his hands; they had grown thin and bloodless. His flesh had a loose, clammy feeling, his strength was forsaking him so that his limb3 trembled as he walked, his lips were pale, his eyes dull and sunken. He started up wildly, crying, as he remarked these changes in him : " PshaWj! where are my senses ? It cannot be that I am going to die.. "Why, I am but just in the prime of life-have just reached a position where 1 can take my ease and enjoy myself. I will not diel I will live to laugh to scorn these sickly fancies. I have not risen above all the dif ficulties of my early life-I have not reached by sheer force of will the pinnacle on which I stand, only to be hurled from it by the foolish imagin ings of my brain 1" V . . Thus he reasoned day af ter day. He rode, he walked, he worked-^id everything he could think of to occupy his mind, to ease the gnawings of remorse, and still the voice of his .troubled conscience. But he grew no better. One day he sat down and wroto to Kenneth to come homo. ¡ He ' felt that if he could have his strong, ?buoyant, self-sustained nature to lean upon for awhile, and throw off all care, he would get relief. . :Ho told him that he was ill-too ill to attend to either His business or his own, and he desired to yield up his trust, and also wished advice upon matters of importance concerning his own property. ? ? : Î ? . He wrote that he was willing to retain his guarí dianship nominally to fulfil the'conditions of the , wi ll, "but he was no longer able to attend to the details of business. '.'.J This letter ho sealed and addressed one evening and left it lying upon the table in the library with other mail matter, to be carried to the office in the morning before he should rise. It was midnight, as usual, bafore he sought his chamber, and ho was more than commonly ner vous and depressed. ' Though wearied beyond measure, yet he knew he could not sleep if he should retire. , Accordingly, ho opened the glass doors which led from his room upon tho balcony, and went out to cool the fever which burned in his veins. It waa a glorious night and almost as bright 1 |asday. .. . . "' \\.\ . . '., The broad full moon was riding like a lumi nous, chariot high in the heavens, and shod a {golden radiance, over the whole earth. Objects .were» visible for miles around, while nearer his own broad- domains, his magnificent park, with its long white gravelled walks overarched with tho .branches of luxuriant trees, and interspersed with choice statuary and musical fountains, beds of brilliant flowers, and picturesque arbours, were spread out like a beautiful picture beforo him. 'i A suppressed groan of agony escaped him as he gazed upon this, tho very perfection of beauty, and realised the wreck ho was becoming, as he beheld tho fair earth teeming with lifo and vigor ous, healthful growth, and felt that disease and decay were preying upon his own vitals. Suddenly ho detected a slight stir among the shrubbery near the building. . A white hand parted it, and in another mo t ment the figure of a woman stole noiselessly into -view., . She was tall and commanding, in appearance, and was dressed in a grey, stuff gown, which in the bright light of the moon appeared almost ..white. . .;? ï _ ';; . She wore, a largo bonnet,.something after the quaker style> and she kept her head down as she approached. . . :; Somewhat startled by this apparition; and very curious as to the object of her nocturnal visit, the earl drew back into tho shadow bf the awning which shaded the balcony. '. Here she stopped and began to look; around her. ? ' She scanned every window-and door upon the first floor, then lifted her head to examine those above. ' As she did so, her bonnet slipped from it, fatt ing lipon her shoulders behind, and the moon light struck full upon her face. ? <?, .?: ? , It revealed a head covered with hair as white ^as snow.' - ? ' 1 And the face. ? ' The earl caught bis breath with a gasp. '. "Madeline! Madeline I" ho whispered, hoarsely. My God Î I believe I am haunted, or else I, too., ; am surely going mad." / ; : . He slid noiselessly to his knees-every particle of strength gone out of him- and peered through 'the lattice work, straining his eyes to catch one more glimpse of the face which seemed so familiar. But the figure, with its snowy air and "start lingly familiar countenance, had vanished} and with a moan of horror the wretched man1 fell: prone upon his face in a dead faint. But you and I, my reader, do not believe in ghosts. i i We know that figure must have been veritable flesh and blood. , , . We have no guilt on our conscience to make us fear encountering spirits from another sphere, therefore we will follow this strange apparition as she proceeds around the massive building to one of the towers upon the eastern side. ' Hero she stopped before a small front door set in the solid masonry. There was no latch upon it, no knob or bolt .nothing but a keyhole, and no key visible. The strange woman produced one from her pockot, inserted it in the lock, turned it, and be hold ! the door swung open with a slight* grating noise, and she passed into a short, narrow pas- 1 sage-way. j Once within, she produced a candle and some marches, with which sho struck a light, and then \ crossed the passage. Here two huge steps led up to another door, which she also opened with the same key, and , stepped into a carpeted gallery beyond. Tra versing this with noiseless tread, she emerged into the grand entrance hall-.of-the "Towers," which she crossed, and opening still another door, entered the earl's private room or library. As if perfectly familiar with everything around her, she went directly to his desk, which she found unlooked, and began examining the nu merous papers within. It was evident, however, that she did not find what she was searching for, for she at length replaced everything as she had found it, and then turned away with an air of disappointment. A case of drawers stood near. These she also examined, but apparently with the same result. She stood a moment in deep thought, when her íestless eyes rested upon the numerous papers and letters scattered upon the table. She approached and turned them carefully over, replacing each one just as she had found it. Suddenly she stopped, holding a sealed letter in her hand. The next moment she seized upon pen and paper, hurriedly wrote a few words upon it, and concealing it in her bosom, turned and left the room. She hastened, as* before, across the grand en trance hall, down through the carpeted gallery, and through the door by which Bhe had entered. Closing and locking this, she passed out at the little iron door, which she also carefully shut and fastened, taking the key with her, then glided away into the shadow of the dense foliage, and was lost to view. Who was she, with her strange knowledge of, and the key of the secret passages of Leamington Towers j and what her errand among his lord ship's private napers at the weird hour of mid night? (TO BB CONTINUED.) 