' jt will, undoubtedly be great gain, to Australian interests if the first meeting of the scattered gubernatorial elements of the several colonies whioh are to meet to-morrow- in solemn conclave, in the form - of an-; Australian Convention at Sydney, should he characterised with reasonable unnniihity,. an(f an absence of that party feeling, inseparable from coteries, but quite fatal to progress in a general 'and catholic 'sense. ' We use the latter adjective advisedly — an that broad spirit of universality which means harmony of action, and without which, seeing the diverse and conflicting poli tical interests, at stake, it would be use less to hope for te;.fr.uitioD„oLa dream of a "United" Australian -Empire, the" equalisation, as far as p- amicable,, of tariffs aud the losseniug of the burdens of taxation. It almost seems, indeed, hopeless to expedt 'a universal tariff. Victoria is essentially a protective coin- ' 'munity ; South "Australia and New South Wales tenaciously cling to the doctrine of free trade. Great Byitaiu is a free tra'din'g nation ; but, as we all seek after the truth, it ia to be renieui-' : bered that there was a period, eveu in i he history ol the mother-co uu try, when ; her rulers deemed it wise to pursue a policy that was essentially protective iu its operation/ The Oobden school of .politicians did :much to remove the in congruities aud barriers which had shut out the possibility of free commercial intercourse between England and France. .Situate As the different colonies- "are1, and bound by the" existence of different leadiug; characteristics, it is not exactly an easy task for . any ; set of legislators to perfect aud codify in detail a policy of commerce that shall give eutfre satis faction to each of the. colonies But although, as we take leave to think; it will he found no -easy task to adjust the fiscal relations of the colonies composing Australasia, yet there are uiany (subsi diary truly, but none the less momen tous) topics about which it is absolutely essential, for the general good that we should arrive at a mutual understanding. What more potent question,; for example can engage the attention of- the profes sedly best Australian thinkers than the ex clusion of fierce, irreclaimable criminals, from- such' dangerous coutiguity- to' iis 'as would inevitably lead to an undesirable leavening of our population with' the most iniquitous European elements of society? 'We oould heartily wish that at this, the first united meeting of the colonies,; that such questions as those of mere .fiscal policy would be allowed, by common oonsent, to go by the board ; for it is not unreasonable to infer that this troublesome question may be either the Scylla or the Otiarybdis upon which the Convention may split. What the colonists, if we at all understand the drift of public opinion, want, in the first place, is a sreoerraDhical homopmneitv of British possessions — if we may use the expression— rin these Southern latitudes, a federation, rather than a confedera tion of our united interests as an Aus tralian people. It is asserted in some quarters that a vigorous effort will be made in the dix-ection purely of either, a free trade or a protective policy for the whole of the colonies ; but if this be in sisted upon, then we make no doubt but that the real ends "of the Convention, split by extreme part', views on this knotty point, will be -frustrated. But we apprehend that with such questions before them as the annexation of New Guinea, of the formation of a protector ate over the Polynesian and New Hebrides group of Islands, the Vic torian representatives will be too astute to allow other matters to absorb the paramount attention of the conclave. It should be remembered that Queensland, South Australia, New Zealand, Fiji, and if possible Tasmania will figure at the Convention, and it is to be fairly assumed that the united colonies can have little interest in the settlement of gucb purely local .quesjtious ae the StOPk tax and the Customs duties of this colony. We trust most sincerely that such incidental matters as these will not be allowed to usurp the place of those graver and larger questions which affect us all— r-such as the matter of defence, a universal postal system, unity of action in regard to the civilising and colonising ofP-olynesia, the deportation of criminals, and some approach to unanimity in: the codification of the criminal and civil law; j What the heart of the great community, which is now becoming known as the Australian Dominion desires, ia a common basis of action on all those questions which are not purely local, but general, and the satisfactory so lution of which must tend to our united advancement as a common wealth. The approaching- Convention, as we have endeavoured to indicate, has some very arduous and serious work before it, and it may b.e depended upon that the issues will either- tend to "cement ns as a nascent nation, or- so widen the breach as to render a federated union ' of the colonies impossible for along, if not an undefiuite, period.:. Taken, as a whole; the inhabitants of this Southern Hemis phere are loyal to the Crown ; -and the only- regret is that England is shirking her responsibility, in not at once acquies cing in: the annexation policy sought to iba adopted byv the colonies. It is a ' well- uuderstood factr made public years ago, that Australia, so far from being- under any yoke, is at liberty to " cut, the painter,' at an' moment she pleases. England; with her Lbvty- colonies/ has no, doubt a troublesome .number \ of children to deal with. But some credit must b.e. accorded to. her. She is charged with being the bloody Saxon,' - overrunning Europe, We. need' not" dive into history, in the face " of subse quent truths, to confute . this diie ' fact, or show that her missionaries have ever been in the van, opening the way to a common brotherhood among all nation alities and all classes of men, irrespective of type, creed, or country. we are not often in avoca favoured with a visit.frocd a ghost, or of any of those supernatural visitants who walk- the earth at, the " witching hour, of night,"' when graveyards yawu, ' and " black spirits and white"' perambulate the earth in fact; we are a very prosaie matter-of:fact people, believing only in the existence of that of which we have iudnbitable evidence; Yet 1 a strange ghost case has been reported to the Avoca Poliee, and it may be assumed, when the, step of giving information to the police has been taken, that there is " some- Thing-in it," and that the nocturnal visitor 'will take the- hint and depart ;; because ghosts and policemen never did agree from time inimemorial. About three weeks ago information was. given to. the police here ihat a ghost, described as being 2 feet high, had been seen on, the Maayborough road, npar the "Rookery," by three or four different persons— two. boys and two girls — who were very m.uch terrified. One in formant, who. is. working for Mr Jennings, blacksmith, Avoca, stated,, together with some others, that they- had, also seen the ghost at the same time thattheotherswhahad seen the demoniacal visitor, were paralysed by the apparition. At 11 o'clock oil Satur day night last, a lad 15. years of age, and the son of : Mrs Matthews, ' storekeeper avocalead.wrepcsfted ta i.he - police - that ae'also had " se'eirtlie g.liost."'' It "was fully 7 feet high; nuijestic in. appparance i was clad at first when Liesaw it on the road -in s.om,bre black, then cham.eleon-lLke; "it-, changed its colour : it assumed a white ap- .pearance.. it crossed --.the, road it was theu, white ;.7 feet high, ac. The young-- ster- then went to the house of Mr Chamber lain, and after arousing him., induced him to see into: the affair. Thelad was at first so. paralysed with fear, tliat for half-an-liour lie appeared to, be in -a swooil Qn Sujiday, Mounted Constable Monk's laid in wai); for the ghost until midnight- ; buttwitho.ut suc ceeding in arresting the delinquent, for the whole affair- is doubtless a foolish trick, the perpetrator of which, with the use of. a sheet and- phospliorescent; lights, may scare half the community and affright the adoles-" oeut yauth of the place out of their senses. Although the recent rains have retarded' the hay- harvest, we "observe" from our ex- ohung.es that the work of : garnering it has oommeuoed in some of- the- earlier .-.-'districts. - Already there are, however, forebodings of a' scarcity of labourv Telegrams from Tatura state Ihat harvest men, are not to be obtained at any price, "and farmers are sending to Melbourne for strippers. ' it is - reported;. that . in . tbev-iciuity -..of Cherry-tree Greek,' in the A vooa Shire, " the crops show indications of ; suffering: from': what -is stated to be " Take-iiu" we -bo.pe the report is uot true ; but it ia averred, that -a number- of farms, iunndatedrwith the recent , rains, have crops which have sprouted up, too quiolcly, and that wild-oats- are seen in such profusion as to produce rdismay amongst agriculturists. The annual picnic of the scholars at- tending the Stgto School, Avoca, was held on -, -Friday last in the Botanio Reserve. AbautfloQ scholars, with their friends were in attendance; and a very agreeable day's outing, qotwithstanding the tlireatening aspect of-the weatber, was enjoyed. There was an abundance of edibles to which the utmost justice was doue. ' All kiuds of games were entered, into with great spirit, and it was not until the "lengthening shadows of evening fell, that the picnickers separated. . i . The following applications "for grants have been approved : — William Young, Amherst, 17a Oa lp, ; Charles Young, amf herst, 20a ; Charles Firns, Glenlogie, ' 20a, balance payable to the officer at the Sub- Treasurer. Avoca. ' ' : f. r a Gazette notice revokesIhes township of; Moyreisk as a polling .place ; for,, the ; ,St. , Arnaudshire,-divisioQ;-for.-thp'--;d5i)rtli->-w'es':.'' tern Province. '/ " Mr f; at.; : dudley; watchmaker an d jeweller, - of Maryborough; elsewhere ap prizes the -.pub lie-/ of ;the: Avoca and sur rounding district of- the" fact that he has for sale a large, varied, and choice assortment of new goods', in the' shape of Christmas presents and new Year's gifts. The re putation borne by Mr" Dudley's establish ment is in itself a sufficient guarantee of the excellence of his well-assorted stock. The following applications for reuewals of garden licences under the 47th section of the Land Act for which payments are to be made at the Sub-Treasury, Avoca, have been approved William Shaw, Rathscar (3) ; under section 49, (subject to special railway condition), George Anderson, Rath- scar. Application for licence under the Land Act approved — Michael Coekeranc, 215 acres, parish of Glenlogie, amount pay able to the Receiver of Revenue, Avoca. Investors are reminded that Mr Jno. f. Paten's auction sale, at Nicholl's Hotel, Homebush, of vohicies (buggy aud harness), paintings, cutlery, and a lot of miscellaneous goods, will be held on Saturday next, when he will also submit to public competition a varied assortment of jowelleryj including, gold and silver watches, a good opportunity for persons of limited means to acquire a convenient free hold of five acres, together with a four- roomed cottage, bv weekly instalments, is ad vertised in another column by Mr Jno. f. Paten, from whom full particulars can be obtained, We observe that a preliminary meeting "of gentlemen interested in holding a day's racing at Avoca on New Year's Day is elsewhere announced to take place at the" Victoria Hotel on Friday evening next at 8 o'clock. It is hoped there will be a, full attendance. . ' ' An auction sale of household furniture will be conducted by Mr Jno. F. Paten. immediately after his sale of sheep, and horses, ' at 2 p.m., on monday next, December 3rd. . The articles : comprise furniture, blankets crockery, cutlery plate- ware, jewel lery books paintings, oleographs, and a long list , of useful household goods. \- By advertisement we perceive that our' old friend, Mr. Desaxe wiU visit Avoca on. the second Saturday in -next month. This will be a good opportunity for his' old con stituents and others requiring his assistance to consult him. His stay will only" be from 9 a.m.. till 3. p.m.. . -we observe from the balance- sheet of; the St. Arnaud Shire Council,: advertised. in The Mercury, that the receipts for the year amounted to. £-15,, 39,4 Is lOd. The advertising account was £267 10s, and printing £149 13s'Id. " Messrs Goldsborough and Co.. report that : the wheat market last week exhibited a vgood: demand . they sold . 2,000 bag's at '4s (3d and consider present prices"likelyA6" be. sustained until the new ; cro.p is sent to. market. ( ' ' a Local Land Board is gazetted to be held at Talbot on Friday, December 7 ; St. Arnaud, Monday, ' d,ecem,ber 3 j Mr n- Wimble, Land Officer. , mr Jolin Main lias. n.6wfbeen gazetted, as Inspector-General/1 of the Education De partment. - : ; The. firstisjtting of the Austialasian Fe deral Convention will be held at Sydney to morrow". Its proceeding's will b'e. watched with feelings of the keeuest interest by poli ticians of every shade of opinion; . ; Shire' severance agitations are not con fined to Avoca andHomebushv We notice from the Str Arnaud, ACercmy.' at" the last meeting of the St. Arnaud Shire Coun cil last week, that a - deputation from, ratepayers, at Mitchell's Hill, South Riding, was introduced by cr Gamer'eri .They re quested that a poll might be taken in that riding on the question of severing, that por tion of the Shire, and forming it into a new shire. The deputation consisted of Messrs. Cody, a. m'Kenz.ie, Carroll, and others. They considered that there was. sufficient territory in and around the' South Riding to, : , form, a new shire, Cr Camerer- supportedj : the views of- the deputationists and con.-. : sidered it would be the. best mehns to. secure necessary - works, being done in the. South 'Riding. 'The President pointed out that as nothing official as regards a petition was before the Council they could not act iu the matter. Tlie deputation also requested the following works might be carried out:— 1st, That £50, be. expended- on the road near. Howard's swamp.;. 2nd. That money available for road' construction on branch roads be expended on gre Gre main road.— Crs Hodgson, Camerer, and Powell sup ported these requests, and it was decided, to have the works carried oul a coal discovery is reported at Moe, the Secretary for Mines having received a tele gram from, the foreman of the diamond-drill, now being employed on, the Mop Company's ground nea?-- Narracau; to. the effect that a seam of. coal 2ft. 6ju, iu thickness has been h- struck afe-a ?-\vte''6.b Serva"ETfatrfro'ai--i h formation ia th e- possession oi the Premier (Mr Service) who lias received it from, the Ageut-Geueral in England, , it appears that France is deter mined to send her convicts to. islands in the : South Pacific. England commenced this i game of transportatiou iu Van Dieman's Land, Botany Bay, and Western Australia. France evidently thinks that what is sauce for the. goose, is.an excellent condiment for : the gander- . - . > , r- . - .: Under- the heading, " Train. Anomaly," . ir correspondent, using, the cognomen - of " Echu.ca"' writes to, tlie Sajli/; !FelegrapJt as follows :-. — ' Sir— a very .strange traiu arrangement has 'existed for a considerable time- on the Avoca, and- Castlemgihe line. ' -'Oue cannot go, by train from Avoca -to Echuca in one.day. The distance is only ' about 130 miles. a train leaves Mary- : borough for Castlemaine at 4.10 p.m., by ' which a traveller- can get to.Eohuca by "last , train at night. The ordinary and only ' Avoca train to. Maryborough— save on Mondays and Saturdays— leaves Avoca at 3;3p p.m., arriving at Maryborough at 4.20 : 'p.ih:, just ten" n'iin,utes after the train has left by which one coufd go " on to Echuca the samp night,- That ten minutes prevents the possibility of doing the journey between Avoca and -Echuca in in one day, and no less a' time than fifty minutes is allowed for the journey between Avoca and Mary borough— :a distance oLonly sixteen miles— in fact, the Avoca train, is sometimes, as on .Friday last;- waiting to get into the Mary- boroagh'-railway ; st-a,ticm- era the other one 'has started 'for Castlemaine, Sufely this peculiar arrangement oould be easily altered . for the convenience of those who. may wish to. /go on from Avoca, or ot;her places be- tween \t and Maryborough to. jgcuwca, and other Stations between it and Sandhurst." ; ', ; Qne of the features of the Act recently passed for the codification of the law con cerning bills of exchange; cheques, and pro missory notes, which enacts that when the . hsst day of grace is a Sunday or a bank holiday, the bill is due and payable on the succeeding business day. Hitherto the cus- . toin has be6n for the bill to lie paid on the day .previous, and the, alteration will be. an improvement, ' l From all parts of the country accounts, reach, us respecting the devastation which is threatened by the invasion of myriads of locusts and grasshoppers. Our travelling reporter writes (says the Bendiga Adver tiser); that' th& grasshoppers have put iu their unwelcome appearance at Kerang and to the' south ward, and may be seen swarm ing everywhere. Fortunately the grain .crops; are too far advanced to suffer damage, and the grass is so far beyond the require ments :of the stock on the ground that their ravages will not be much felt. They are moving/as usual, directly southwards, aud itis possible that if their flight coutiuues long they may prove a great scourge to the unripeued crops in the southern parts of the colony. .Professor Swift, Director of Warner Uuiversity, discovered iu September, a cqmet iu the constellatiou Draco. It is a significant fact that the only two comets discovered this year are in the same con stellation, and so near to each other. The motion of the comet is south-westerly. Count de Lagrauge, the well-known French sportsman aud owner of racehorses, is dead, aged 67. The Count in 1s65 brought out a horse whose fame is world wide — Gladiateur This equine wonder carried off the Derby, the St. Leger, the Two Thousand Guineas,aud the Grand Prix de Paris. An observant old Chinese pagan was re leased from the Bullarat gaol a short time ago. He was seen in the town the other night ripping round and yelling, ' Hoop la ! hoop-la! Me all as same plrecemau ; hair out short aud drunk as blazee !" 