ACADEMY OF MUSIC. _ " La Fille da Tambour Major " drew another fine house laat night, the pit being crowded, and the stallB and circle well attended. This opera will be repeated to-night for the last time for the season, as it gives place on Monday night to " Les Cloches de Corneville," a charmim; opera by Planquetto. The following is the plot of the piece:—The Comte de Lucenay, attainted for political reasons, flies -from France, leaving bia infant daughter Lncienne and considerable personal property la tbe care ot a retainer Gaspard. This wily Norman, however, foreseeing that the Comte might sever return to claim bis own (which Indeed bappenO, brings np the child as his niece under the nune of Getmslne, and gcatifies his insatiable greed for money by hoarding np the Comte'a treasure. He has chosen for his coffers tbe decaying rooms of tbe -old chateau of Corneville, long since deserted by its lord attainted of treason like Ds Lucenay, and an exile from France. The grandson of the Afarqais de Corneville is, however, alive, and the interdict on the estate having been removed by the King, the village gossips believe that one day the langespectea heir will return.' Mesnvhile tbe castle has an evil notoriety—it is haauted. Mailed spectres stride along Its corridors, and ghostly phantoms flit -.across its lighted dows at night,* hut, in truth, these the devices of the cunning Gaspard to frighten away all fntendlng tenants of the old chateau. At the opening of tne opera a lot of girls are on their way to the hiring fair. Amongst these is Serpolette. a waif picked up ~by Gaspard on a bank of wild tbyme in one of his fields, and now grown into -the servant of all work. £he has thrown up his pratectection, however, and seeks a better place Oermaine eventually joins tbe band, also flying from Gaspard'a house, but from a very different motive. The old miser has proml-ed her hand to the village baillie—a pompoau, meddling, old fellow—lately come to his kingdom, with a strong desire to open cbe chateau and audit the barony acconn's. How Genaaine has betrothed herself to a ne'er-do-well of the locality, a yonng fisherman named Grerrfchenx, who, as she supposes, saves her from drowning, but. In fact, her deliverer was the long-lost heir, the young- Hean de Corneville, now captain o! an armed ship with a roving tommissloii, who, a year before, was put asborpon Fleifis to revisit - the house of his fathers. At the reopening of the drama he again returns, and this time resolves to take' possession of hl^ ancestral castle. The hiring'fair where tie engaged servants, amongst "others Germslne, Serpolette, and Grenlcheux (now turned coachman) concludes the first part of the story. The scene changes to the haunted halls of the chateau. The young lord with fcis officers <tnd crew, lorchand sword in hand, break into the deserted -rooms and lay th eir plans to surprise the adventurers whom they suppose really to be the ghosts ol the village tradl-. - ttons. Two discoveries bearing directly on the two fortunes of the two heroines are here made by, the Marquis. Fit stly, he finds that the girl he restaed from the-seais Germalne, who has captivated him, bat -who believes herself bound to Granlclionx. Secondly, be discovers certain document* (lelt - by old Gaspard) referring to the flight of the Comte de Lucenay and Hie placing of his infantdaughter with the miser. The vivacious Seipolette immodls' ~ rushes to ths conclusion that she is the noble c In question, and thenceforth jdtes'feorself all tee into a coat of mail to' watch the intrader ten, and the Marqnls sad hi* crew-retire to the armory. Ths old miser appear*, vrorta his ' antoms, lights his. candelabra, wallows In his Id, and the i comes the swift and awful vengeance. : p e lusty bells toll, the ghostly chant Is beard, a legion of mailed spectres, all -the dead and buried' lords of Corneville. appear, and advance on the appalled miser,- who sinks, terror-stricken, oh his gold. This startling tableau concludes the second part of the atory. The last act Is devoted- to the unravelling of the mystery attached to Germalne. ThU is done by patching together tbe bints dropped In his ravings by old Gaspard. who confirms them on his return to sanity, and owns that Germalne is not his niece, but Mademoiselle de Lucenay. In the same moment that yonng lady learns that she is free to ive her hand where ahe loves, for that to Henri Le Corneville, and not Grenlcbenx, she owes her life. Across the serious interest of the denouement comes the lightest textnra of Serpolette'a fortunes. No sooner does she.assume the silks and satins of rank than she Is undeceived as to- her real position, sad bag to look forward to sabots and cotton. Over tbe betrothal of the Marquis and Germalne come this time gladly the chimes of Les Cloches de Corneville- 