BALLARAT. | FROM OUR OWN CORRRSFONnWr.l Tho groat market sensation of the past week has been, paradoxical as it may seem, dullness. Very little business doing, and stocks generally drooping, brokers and jobbers at their wits' end to find employment or excitomont enough to keep the- commercial body . and soul together. This has been the doleful character of the times at the Corner. Tho next sensation has been the drop in Band und Albion shares to sales at l.'is. 0d,, or n depreciation of £22,450 in the oom- p.iny's stock as compared with sales at the be ginning of August or end of July, By way of explanation of this collapse in tho onto famous stock, it is sufficient to say — as has, in deed, been already said— that tha mine is not paying. The expenses havo been reduced from the £1500 a fortnight in tho days whan tho tuino was paying dividends to about & third of that amount, but the reduced output of geld docs not meet tho reduced outlay, and tha future is all unknown, Unfortunately, the big bulk of atono in tho No. 7 lovel at the north cod of tho miuo is almost barren, and an average of 5 dwt. per ton is required to merely comfortably pay the way. At present the stone sent to tho battery- is being taken from the etopes of the Nos, 6 and 7 lovols where the make is not large, or whoro large is not of anything like good enough quality. For tho present the company's hopes as to the future are based on the bottom level drive to cut the iodo on- tho underlie at tho greater depth, and it will probably take a fort night to get that length. Some 90 feot have bean driven, and there isadistance ofBaySOfcct further logo, whioh, if tbo country keeps as good for driving aa at present, will most likely be done in about the time mentioned. Should tho lode be met with at the right place, and ba found adequately gold bearing, the old mine will havo a frcah start and the stock .will of course recover its position ; but if not, the bottom will be out infallibly, unless luck is struck in some other part of the mine. Meanwhile, a winze is going down for the - lode at the lower levol, and may possibly roach there before tho drive, whilst on tho "you never can tell" principle some gold may bo met with, of coarse, citbor in tha stoi-cs or winxe or the. drive even, as ehoats or leaders may at any time ba, struck with a better show than is seen in any of tbo faces now in working. But tho miuo has boon so long in shadow— only ono dividend this year so far— and tho actual faces look so poor that con fidence is shaken and the stock cannot revive without some substantial ohsnge in the outlook below. Nor do any of the quartz mines look yery brilliant. The Boymour, that was to give out from 1 oz. to 11 oz. to tha ton. does not giro enough to pay, and another call is made, the atock, that soldat over 29s. leos tbsn two months ago, now selling at 3s., and not much wanted at that. Smith's Freehold threatens, to follow tho. way of tho United and aire up - tho ghost, for the yield has fallen wofuliy lately. . The Kobi- nnor and Banr! of Hnna arA In tkA thmaa at what may be a mortal struggle, and it is not probable that either mine will be kept open, at least on the present scale of expenditure, unless a change for tha better oemes very quickly, In connec tion with this as poet of mining, critical observers not unnaturally make comment# on the cost of manugemont of Ballarat mines, which .is said to booxecssiro in comparison with Sandhurst ones, and on the pelioy of the Minor's Association in reference to labor contracts and labor regulations generally, as being, in some cases, inimical to. the interests ol tha capitalists, and therefore, prac tically adverse to the future of the whole in dustry. There will ho very likely a greater resort to tributo engagements now that some of the mines are in .tbo doldrums, as an interlude of prospecting neems inevitable, and trihuto is the only way in which -that is likely to be worked in some cases. The Washington mine that was lately sold by tho old company has paid tho trihnters very well bo far who are working under the new proprietary, for I boar tbey bare had a cmnulatlvo divldond of noar £30 a man.' On the narrow reins in ths White Hons, where the Indicator strikes across the country, soma of ths co-operative minors have now and then get from £200 to £500 a man in a rory short time, bat these are the piums in a large area of barren pudding; The registrar's returns for ths September quarter shew that tho ; general outcome of quarts mining in the central division— and thoro is nothing but quartz mining there new— is a failing off, ths total oat- put ot gold baring been 11,280 oz., as against lb, 093 oz. : for the Juno quarter, the average per ton also having declined from Odwt. 12.80 gr. to 5 dwt. 10.94 gr. between the two terms. These retnxna are the true indications of ibe general aspect of local mining, and tha bet ter prospects hare and those in Ballarat Bast do net niter the tale for thai present, whatever the future may hare in Btoro either oast or west. And there are net wanting, indications on both sides ot tho Ynrrowee p( good things to como, .for the Major, the Bride of the But, the Temperance Extended on one side show the first fruits of what may bo a good'new harvest and a long one, aa moat quartz harvests are, and ths New Band Albion and tho Star of the Bast on the Debus- topot aide hare excellent prospecta, which, if rev Used as the works develop, will do a good deal to reelaim the battered reputation of tho ltedan lino, whilst Owens and the Zulu further aouth are oxpectod to open np fresh extensions of quartz. . The quartz news from the ether divisions does not disclosoany new baton of moment, but it is' comforting to note that ths Kgerton mines hare recovered a little, and that Parker's United is alsoehowiug a little better result at the battery. Tho Bgerten Oomi-aoy'a yield is paying expenses now with perhaps a trlflo : to , the good, tho slew accumulations of which will, if no falling off . occurs, furnish forth a dividend . by. and byo, and tha Slack' Horse is in about tha saroo case, with a sliado mere chance of a dividend. The Buninyeng averagea havo improved, and the Imperial is able to pay .a :7a. 6d. dividend, ; The Glunes' companies kMP:up I their position wonderfully well considering their ' royalties and their years. Alluvial wining sup. plica tho fartbor eloment of last week's sen sationalism in tho striking of the wash in the No. 1 slmft intormodialo urivo of tbo Madame Berry. The sensation was a very mild one, butof importance all tho same, as it steadies tho stoek and gives added conGdonco to all the neigh bors there, as this last tapping of the gutter shows that ths. quality has apparently not depre ciated. _ So heavy a stock couiil not be movod far even with such news ; but lharo were sales at 7s. advance upon tbe previous day's business, aBsoon as the news came in, and then tho stock swayed back to noar its former place again. Tho Lord Harry comcnt docs not give out yet. and that aud the swelling reef in the drives keeps tha atock oa tha gridiron, and the fat comas out slowly, though it has bad no worse luck in that respect than the Longhlin lias, both having tbe epidemic of .declining rates. _ There is, however, no up preach to panic, and the slightest xoat improvement iu either mine, and ospccially in tho Harry, would move tho market np at once. Tho Homo Paddock output lias nut yet realised oxpoctatione, and does not come, up to the level of a month or two ago ; hut holders hold on confidently at 80s,, though no buyers offer at that rate. As tho No. 2 shaft works pro gress wall tbo stoek will probably havo better buyers before long. The aggregate alluvial re- ported output certainly keeps wonderfully steady, for it was 1910 oz. last week, as against 2038 oz. tho week bofore, and the difference is more than accounted for by tho absence of returns from the Bute and thn Bacocourso claims. Tho quartz yield was 1475 oz., as against I486 oz. for tho week before; and thus, as to those two weeks, more than equals the equality of tho alluvial returns. 