AUSTRALIAN POETRY. AT GILBQA, [Bs'Cmar 1£endaxi,.+3 noise'of battle audfhe'flCipfc of'fray, ' Halfcliid in fog, the glofitny mountain lay; ^®ut Suceooth's watcher's from tbeir'GUterdSelds Saw^ta of flame and gleams of clashing shields For where the yellow river draws its spring ' The boats of Israel travelled thundering 1 Theri)1, beating like the storm that sweeps to sea Aer ~>*b tbe reefe pf dialing Galilee, The ear of A.bner anH^je'fiword of Sa*nl •"^Di-avfe Gaza down Gilboa's southern wall; _/<Bat pwift and sure tbe spears of Ekron flew, "Till peak and elope were drenched with bloody ' "flew! ' • Shoht, Timnath, shout! "' the 'blazing-• leaders cried, \- 'And frnrjed the stone, and dashed the staveaside: " Timnath,-sbout-l Let' Hazor hold'the height,' ' * 'TBend fche long bow and break tbe lords of figlit!" '"Troifl every hand the swarthy strangers sprang, "-'-Chief' leaped "=en Chief, with biickler 'buckler -hang'! ^ The flower of armies! set'in"9yrian heat, The ridges clamoured under labouringfefet j "Nor stayed the warriors till'from Salem's road The crescent horns of "Aimer's squadrons glowed. " THftS,1 l^fe a'shodting splendour on the "wing, iWySfjfli^g^ai^qd son of Kbit came Ihoi'dering • ■' lAnd'Sarin Autumn's fall,- when woods are bare, Two adverse tempests meet in middle air, \- So SjwiI; and |4flush, grim with heat ac hate, \- Metoy flrebrookcand-eheok the scales' of Fate ; -• .For fp,ojw. the struggle swayed, andyfi^ip as rocks Agfunptthe -storm-wind of the equinox, v Judah B^bpd and bore * AD/day-the ficry tides ef fourfold war. II. iit he-thai fasted in the secret cave,' \- tAu"<1 cafleS. Wp"'Samu^I from the ^uiefcgrave, fAnd stood with darkness and the mantled ghosts \- IPl bitter-night oil shrill Sam aria n coasts, 3vrifcw-wejt the end: qfbofv tjibfutife pword aOf lariel^woald be brbken hy- the Lord; "JfoV GAth would triumph with the tawny" line " '-Shut beftd the'knee at Dagon's brittle'ahrine'; ytud how the race of Kisli would fall to wrack : Because of vengeance- stayed -at Amalek; * Yet strive the sunlike king, nor rested hand fjTitl y^llSwWemhfe fllledtbe level-land ; •■Then *Ttidah reeled before a biting hall *' Of sutideh arrows shot from Akor'a vale, '^'Wherc Libnah, lapped in blood from thigh to i ' >he<g, -t€B»oitring tthci "pierced the quivering ■■■ sf'eel. There the sons of Saul, and, man by man, The chiefs of Israel up to Jonathan; \- -""'And. while swift Achisli stooped and caught the , ' spoil, Ten chosen archers red with sanguine toil .8j)c3;af%r Saul, Wbogfeint and si6k and sore "W'itli many wounds, had J^ft 'the thick of war: Sfjcy likca baffled bull by hunters prest, -Titnied'sliarp About and' faced the flooded west, And saw the star-like spears and moony spokes Gleam Jrcm 'the: rocks and lighten through the oaks; \- A-se&tif; splendour! How the chariots rolled e -On iwheels of blinding brightness manifold! : Wbilelstumbjing over apiko and spine and spur •" Of sultry lands, escaped the son of Ner ^ With smitten men,1 At this-the front of Sahl v Grew darker than a blasted tower wall; ^A.nH''se^ing! how tljere crouched upon his right \- Aglia6t witli fear a bjackA-malekite, Tf He. called and said, " I pray thee, man of pain, -■ Jlcd from the scourge, and' rfecentfrom tlic chain, Set "thou "thy face to mine and stoutly stand "With yonder bloody sword-hilt in thine hand And fall' upon me." But the faltering hind \- Stood trembling like a willow in the wind. Then further, -Saul: "-Lest Ashdod's "vaunting hosts \- Should bear me captive to their bleak-blown coasts, I pray thee, smite me: seeing peace hap fled, And reBt lies wholly with the quiet dead." At this a flood of sunset broke, and smote Seen blazing sapphires round a kinglyllirpat, < Touched ami and shoulder, glittered in the crest, And made swift starlights'on a Jewellecj, breast! ■ fio.'starring forward like a loosened houh4. The stranger clutched the sword and wheeled it » ■ round, And struck the Lord's Anointed! Fierce and fleet, P,hifi^|a capie with shouts and clattering Teet; jly gaping gorges and by rough defile, ' -Dark- Aahdod beat across a dusty mile; pot' Hhzor's bowmen toiled from spire' to spire ; . AodGath sprang upwards like a gust of 'fire! 'OnvOialier-side did Libnab's lords appear ; „. Adri-'brass-dlafl Tirnnalli thundered in tlie rear! "" Mark, Aehishmark ! "-South-west and south there gpefi \- A dabbled hireling from the dreadful dead ! ' "Ijtgrkj Aehish, mark ! "—The -mighty front of ' Saul,' '■•••■ ' * Great'in bis life and god-like in his fall! Tips Was tije arm that broke Philistia'e pride Where fCiation cliafes liis seaward-going tide! This was the sword that smote till set^ef sun ' Red Gjtth ffom Michmasli unto Ajalon! Low in. the dust. And Israel scattered far ! \- And dead the trtmps, and •crushed this hoofs of war! \- "So fell the .king! as it was said by him Who hid his forehead in a mantle dim . At bleak Endqr, what time unholy rites Vett the'long sleep of still Saniarian heights : For. bowed to earth before the hoary Priest J)id- he of Kish withstand the spiolung feast, To fast, in darkness and in sackcloth rolled, And house with wrldtfchijigs in the biting cold ; SecauM of sharpness lent to Gaza^s -sword, „ And Judah widowed by the angry Lord. "So silence-camel As when the outer verge 1 ^f'Cai'mel takes tlie white and whistling surge, Hoarse hollow noises fill the caves and roar Along the margins of the echoing shore, ^hus Way had "thundered1 But as .Evening ' breaks Across the silver of Assyrian lakes, when rbhp'ers rest, and through the level red ^)f .sunset, -peace like holy oil is shed. Thus Silanfee fell; but Israel's daughters crept "Outside their thresholds, waited, watched, and wept. Then they that dwell beyondthe flats and fens Of sullen -Jordan, and in gelid glens Of Jabesh-'Gilead, chosen chiefs and few, .Around their Joins 'thy hasty girdle drew, And faced,"the forests Huddled fold on fold, And dells of glimmering greenness manifold, What time Orion in: the-'West did set A shining foot on lullrof' wind and wet: . These'journeyed nightly tiil they reached 'he capes Wheafe Anhdod revelled.over heated grapes; And, while the feast was loud -and scouts were turned, Trom-''Saul's bound body cord by cord'they bprned, ... - 'And bore the king athwart the place of tombs, And basted eastward through the tufted glooms; Nor broke the cake, nor stayed the step tUl Morn Shot over Debir's nones and crags forlorn! "!3Trom "Jabesh then: the <weeping virgins came j in Jabesh then they built the funeral flame; ■ Witheostly woods they piled the lordly pyre, Brought yellow oils and fed the perfect fire j 'While round the orescent-stately Eiders spread ' The fMi«(;j«mniir of the -mighty dead, Withiorown rand spear, and all'the trophies won TYorp rmany wars by Israel's dreadful Son. ' Thenac,'^han ithe feet of Evening paused and #tood »Ondhado»y anountakis mid the roaring flood - t(As through a rudung twffight full of rain Tlie weak Moon looked athwart Gadara's plain}, The younger warriors bore the urn, and broke The humid turf about a wintering oak, And buried Saul; and, fasting, went their ways, And faid their faces seven sights and-days. 