, EOHOES-OP MELBOUBNE ; , ''?'?'?' ; (By The Ghost.) ??-' . ?'.,''.''.'.'. ' . . .'.' Aueust 25. ; Honourable members of both branches of ;the 'i Legislature are still displaying a commendable diligence in transacting the' business of the country. The Council has tackled the Tramways and the Local Government Bills, andalthough there are some sturdy opponents of the former measure' to be found in the Upper House,1 and they threaten to delay its passing into law by taking evidence at .the bar of the] red-oushioned Chamber, it . may confi dently be ? predicted that ere long there] will be no legal impediment in the way to] prevent Melbourne from enjoying a] method of locomotion which places of far less importance have found1 absolutely necessary to the comfort of their inhabi tants. There is .alsp.some small chance of the seemingly insoluble question of mining on private property ' being at length , settled. ' The members ,of -he Upper House have, in variably stood in the way. At present, however, they are taking the lead, and when, the bill in troduced by Mr. Sargood has emerged from .the Council, the Assembly will have at least the knowledge of how far the; representatives of landed property are prepared to go, and can act accordingly. The Assembly has hot been so well be haved as usual, and there has been a mild meeting, the offender being the military member for Ballarat West. The Estimates were to have been proceeded with on; Wednesday, but the honourable and' gallant, Major interposed in order to de liver himself of his opinions on the de fence scheme submitted by the Govern ment, or rather by Major Sargood, one of its number. In vain did the Premier appeal to Major .Smith to, delay action until the question was properly before the House, and avoid the loss of time involved in an aimless discussion. The honourable member .had loaded his guns and made up his mind to fire them. For three mortalhours — which appeared thirty,; so' wearily did they drag along— did the Ballarat warrior continue the attack. His main ground of complaint is that officers of the regular forces should be imported when there is such a vast amount of .latent talent among the volunteer com manders already on the spot. He didn't quite say so, but he allowed it to be plainly inferred that there was at least one man in the colony ready ata moment's' notice to assume the command of the colonial army and lead it to victory. At last, however, the Major ceased firing, and Mr. Service was able briefly to reply. The discussion was ended by the hands of the clock pointing to nine, when private members' business was called on. Despite this wasted evening good pro gress has been made with the work of legislation. The Civil Service Bill has been introduced and read a first time. Should it pasB it will assuredly be the magnus opus, not only of this session, but of all former ones. With this bill, and the Mallae Bill to their, credit, and the Estimates passed before three months of the financial year have gone by, the Service Ministry will be able to boast of having, distanced all their predecessors. ? Thei Law Courts have afforded one or two ' 'somewhat ' sensational \ episodes .of late. The; acquittalof Ah Kit;, the Qhtoa mari .' ''tried) jfjqr! a,',pur'deiri,,whicb,,,,there is very little doubt he committed, created some surprise, and, strange to say, has caused a strong feeling of dissatisfaction among the; Celestial 'inhabitants of the motropolis and suburbs. Thoy appear ? to think, that they have -to a certain ex tent 'been slighted. They would rather like one of their'cbuntrymen to be hanged once in a way, just to let the world see how civilized they -are, becoming, and'to what full extent they eii joy the rights of citizenship. Somo''people are, ihdeo ; very difficult, to satisfy. ;:' ''-,..'.' ]\\.. '? ; Another case that has occasioned much comment is the i -(cause : celebre ofgMrs. Carter.- This .interesting lady, ? whose life,' history, and adventures have been' a 'veritable Godsend' to newspaper \ writers; who; in' these'; piping times of. Parlia mentary, .peace: would assiiredlyhave run the risk'of being ' gravelled' for. laok of matter,'' has; been in conjunction with her brother, or ' ' lover,1 r or husband i or .' in] whatever'ligh't he stands,., been' tried on:a charge of conspiracy, and found , guilty.; Fortunately, ,; however, his Honor,: Mr.1 Justice Williams,' has views of his own in1 regard tp!crime.! He requested the' jury, 'previous to, 'their retirement, to dpnsider their yerdiat, to give him their opinion i as] to whether the offence ft i th which Mrs.' Garter' and.- iHooper were oha'rged ;;had been committed with a'desire to Bave the lady's feelings;' 'and. spare1 the blushes 'whibh'a f rill disclosure, of , her. past career might' have caused to , mantle her , clieok. ,The jury.ipund, both the accused guilty, replying ;t6' the 'queries of the 'judge in '?|;he,x affirmativei' ' 'Thereupon his' ; Honor Bente'nce'd ) 'the interesting' couple id |a' week's imprisonment. : It ,is ,thus infer entially laid down oh1 .high judicial authority that the end' justifies the1 means.' 'According to this 'principle a] ].ma'nwhp steals a hundred pounds for, the] ipurppse.'- of . handing over the cash to his impecunious mother : should be esteemed 'rather; a ^worthy; member of sooiety than othkr wiB'e; ah'd' ? a1 more' jfitting subject for 'reward than for punishment. '.'Among the eccentricities of .legal decisions this last 'one :-will , assuredly take high rank. To do:eyil that good may ensue' is— at least as 'far as the 'criminal world is concerned— a very comfortable doctrine, and one which .will hardl^ fail fcp commend itself to their. acceptance. :- ; ? The lecture recently delivered ''in the Scota'Churoh by Mr. Justice Higinbotham has profoundly' stirred the religious world.'' The daily and weekly journals have teemed with correspondence on the subjeot, and the vials of clerical wrath have 'been ' emptied on the head' of the learned lecturer ; '.until he must have felt somewhat, bewildered at the shower of abuse, his enunciation had provoked. The ?matter, top; baa had the effect of reviving the '? Strong'; controversy, and that out spoken Presbyter'1 has had a lively time of ' it at the hands of his critics. Neither of the assailed gentlemen have, however, as yet vouchsafed any reply to: the multi-l tudinous attacks' levelled at them. ' Sooth to say there is not1 very much in the way of answer possible. Strong 'language is, it is.said, required to enforce weak argu , ments, and if the force of language is any gauge of the weakness of the case against Messrs;' Higinbotham and Strong, these gentlemen can well afford to treat their opponents with silence. The dispute has, however, had one good efiect. Ifc has shown that there is still a section of the community that holds some religious be lief, andin a world fast becoming agnostic or infidel, this in itself is Borne small crumb of comfort. , ?: , ? It used to be said that the late Earl, of Aldborough' received a handsome annuity from Professor Hollo way, of advertising fame, for allowing his noble patronymio to be used in connection with the world famous ointment and pills. Perhaps there is some similar understanding be tween KingCetewayo and Baron Reuter.! Ihe sable monarch has, perhaps, for a con sideration allowed himself to be killed one day, broughito life the next, to be wounded, ] to escape unhurt, : to gain :a victory,; and to suffer defeat.- Anyway the King of the Zulus has been of late very much utilised as a subject for cablegrams. It must'be quite as puzzling for the English Government '?o' know what ltd- do ' with this black-white' elephant as it is, accord ing to General Fielding, for^ the average British parent to know what to do with his son. After deposing him at great cost of blood and treasure^ Great Britain re stored him to his throne and country. The first use the re-crowned King makes of his liberty is to involve England in another campaign. 'This is Zulu gratitude. It was evidently a mistake, after Humpty Dumpty's fall, again to replace the tumbled-down gentleman on the wall. If he should once more come down the best plan will be not to pick him up. The ' jumpers' alluded to on a former occasion have commenced operatioes at' the Dark River. The pnrty is said to in clude a barrister, a solicitor, a publican not unknown in the ? mining world, a Ballarat broker, and one or two adventur ous spirits who feel aggrieved; at being left out in the cold while ' good things' are about. The 'blackmailers' are, however, not likely to. make much out of their venture . The maj ority of the claims have been marked out under the leasing regula tions, and as there is a certain amount vagueness and uncertainty attaching to them, and the gbldfields wardens always giyS bona fide, applicants the benefit of any , doubt, the :Bhare.B:in jthe '|]J amps Company' are unlikely to go to' a very liigh premium. Matters theatrical are quiescent. 'Struck Oil' still continues an im mense draw, and Eniilie Melville is again 'established as a favourite at tho Princess. The Italian troupe at tho Opera are im proving upon further, acquaintance, and the'PolkB at the Bijou are' still popular as ever. From New. Zealand cornea tho hewa that Mosaral D'Aroy Stanfield and Fred, Dark, well known here, are coining money in- their 'drawing-room entertain ment; ' 'Merry Thoughts and Happy Moments.' The. andionces at the Mel bourne places of aniiisemeut are not, however, .as a rule, ,as large as the niorits of the, performances warrant, and 'some- body' must be 'realising a Iobs.' Per haps^ before long tho 'latter fact may be made more patent than it is ut present. 