CAVES. BY E.W.N. (Continued from our last). The most famous bone caverns are those of Gailenrenth, near Muggendorf, in Bavaria; of Banmann, in the Hartz Mountains; of Kluterhohle, in West- phalia; of Adelsberg, in Carniola, of the Peak, in Derbyshire; Kirkdale, in Yorkshire; and Kent's Hole, near Tor- quay; of Lunet-Viel, Mialet, Mabrigas, Bizo-Echonoz, and Fouvent, in France ; of Chokier, near Liege, in Belgium ; and the Mammoth's Cave, in Kentucky, U.S. The cavern of Gailenrenth, which has furnished inquirers with a vast number of bones, is situated near the village of that name. Its mouth does not exceed eight feet in height and 13 feet in breadth. A first compartment, 60 feet long, com- municates by a narrow passage of 3½ feet in extent with a second chamber 140 foot long by 45 feet in breadth. At the thres- hold it is about 20 feet high, but gra- dually diminishes in elevation until it is not quite seven feet. A narrow passage and several tiny ducts conduct to a third chamber. At the entrance of this grotto, a cavity into which you descend by means of a ladder opens upon a vault of 16 feet in diameter by 33 feet in height. Adjoining this lofty dome- like recess lies a grotto whose soil is strewn with the bones of the Ursus speloeus. A little lower the explorer passes through another corridor into a saloon about 44 feet long, terminating in a well fully 20 feet deep, by whose means he next arrives at a grotto 45 feet in height. Two passages lead from hence into two tolerably spacious chambers. Next he is ushered into a grand hall. A seventh and last chamber must be traversed to reach the end of this subter- ranean labyrinth. Two other caverns of the same nature exist in the neighbourhood of Gailen- renth. "Banmann's Cavern, in the Hartz, con- sists of five chambers, situated on very different levels. From the first to the second is a descent of 33 feet. To reach the third the tourist must be hauled up to a certain elevation; then he alternately rises and descends until he comes to a gallery full of water, where the bones of bears, hyenas, and tigers are found in great quantities. The cavern derives its name from an unfortunate miner who lost his way therein in 1690, and after, wandering for three days and three nights in the obscure Daedalian maze, effected his escape, but in such a state of exhaus- tion that he died almost immediately afterwards. The Cavern of Adelsborg, three leagues from Trieste, consists of three immense saloons, situated in due succession. A naturalist explored it for 3270 yards, when his advance was effectually barred by a spacious lake. It is generally identified with the Poedicum of the geographer, Ptolemy. Kirkdale Cave, in the vale of Pickering, Yorkshire, was discovered in 1821, in the course of some excavations of the ovlatic limestone rock in which it is situated. It was examined minutely by the eminent geologist, Dr. Buckland.* Its length is estimated at 245 feet, but its elevation is incon- siderable, and there are few places where a man can stand erect. The remains have been discovered here — under a deposit of mud, encrusted with stalagmites — of the hyena, bear, wolf, tiger, elephant, hippopotamus, rhinoceros, horse, ox, deer, weasel, rabbit, hare, raven, pigeon, duck, lark, and water-rat. Some idea of their quantity may be formed from the factthat of hyænas alone upwards of three hundred have been counted. Kent's Hole lies about three quarters of a mile from Torquay, in Devonshire. Its floor was first examined in 1827 and found to be abundantly rich in the remains of animals no longer existing in that country, such as the elephant, rhinoce- ros, bear, and hyæna. Flint arrow- heads and pottery wore also met with. The entrance is about five feet in height; the interior has a maximum height of 18 feet, a breadth varying from 2 foot to 70 feet, and may be explored for a distance of 650 ft, until the way is barred by an impassable pool. The minor chambers are reached by a difficult and unpleasant defile through two very narrow passages called the Great, and Little Ovens. At fifteen miles from Totnes, elevated some few yards above the level of the river Tamar, is the celebrated Yealm Bridge Cavern, also stocked with the fossil remains of elephant, rhinoceros, horse, ox, dog, wolf, sheep, bear, hyæna, water-rat, and hare, all contained in a stratum of loam, and forming the upper bed of a series of deposits from 18 to 30 feet in thickness. Ossiferous caverns are likewise found in Hutton, Wirksworth, Clifton, Oreston, and Paviland. In the latter locality a very lofty rock, which faces the sea on the Glamorganshire coast, presents two apertures, sometimes washed by the waves in stormy weather. The caverns I have mentioned interest the geologist and paleontologist on account of their considerable deposit of fossil bones, and the difficulty he experiences in attempting to explain the accumulation of such widely different remains in one and the same place. But there are many which possess no memorial of the antediluvian world, no relic of pro-historic ages, and yet are endowed with high attractions for the geographer, the artist, or the tourist. A stalactite cave has been discovered in the rocks near the Clifton station of the Bristol Port and Pier Company. When explored to the distance of some 20 or 30 yards, under the superintendence of Mr. Wilkinson, the manager of the line, many beautiful stalactites were disclosed, some of them extending from the roof to the earth beneath, and from their size, temporarily prevented the further passage of the explorers. Some bones of animals and birds were also found among the soil, including part of a skull, which seemed to be that of a hyæna. The cave is ap- parently of considerable length and depth. A stalactite grotto of enduring celebrity is that of the Island of Antiparos (the ancient Oliarus), in the Greek Archi- pelago. The traveller descends into it by a shaft or well, and finds himself in a beautiful cavern about 260 feet wide and 235 feet high, extending nearly 1000 foot under the surface of the ground. In the centre of the great hall rises a magnifi- cently large stalagmite, termed the altar, 20 feet in diameter and 24 foot in height, at which high mass was celebrated in 1673 by the Marquis de Nointel. Four hundred lamps on this occasion were kept burning day and night for the three days of the Christmas festival. A hundred war tapers dispersed the gloom, and the voices of five hundred worshippers blended in solemn music. Another, the Grotto of Han, near Dinant, is the greatest natural curiosity in Belgium. But space forbids my giving a detailed description of all the great caves, and after mentioning the cele- brated Mammoth's Cave, I will draw this article to a close. At the foot of the calcareous hills which line the Green River in Kentucky, United States, more than one hundred and thirty miles to the south of Louisville, is hidden beneath the shroud of a prodigal vegeta- tion, one entrance of the most spacious cavern known to exist in the modern world — the celebrated Mammoth's Cave. This subterranean labyrinth has already been explored to a distance of ten miles, though many of its winding recesses, heavy with darkness and silence, have been passed over. A French traveller, M. L. Deville, † has recently published a very interesting description of it. Accompanied by an experienced guide, and furnished with a miner's lamp, we descend the sixty steps, to find yourself in a broad and lofty gallery, about a thousand yards in length, which, after the great American naturalist, has been named Audubon's Hall. It abuts on the Rotunda, a vast circular saloon, whence numerous passages radiate. One of these leads to a square apartment, which is fashioned like a colossal nave, and decorated with immense stalactites ; it is called the Church. Emerging from this magnificent natural temple, you arrive through a series of corridors to the Ghost's Chamber, where an extraordi- nary quantity of Indian mummies was formerly discovered. This vast cemetery of an unfortunate race has been converted into a restaurant, where the wives of the guides supply various refreshments, and even the daily newspaper. Descending a succession of ladders, and crossing an old wooden bridge, whose appearance of antiquity is not very re-assuring, we reach a narrow pathway, where the roof is so low that it is impossible to walk up right. This passage has been very ex- pressively named Humility Road. It opens on the Devil's Chair, a kind of balcony, situated beneath an aperture in the rock which leads to the Bottomless Pit. The depth of this black, awful precipice cannot be conceived by the most excited imagination. Twisted wreaths of oiled paper, which are lighted and flung down into the chasm, die out before they can reach the bottom. It is said that two runaway negroes, hunted to the death in this gloomy labyrinth by their cruel pursuers, precipitated them- selves headlong into the shadowy gulf. A sounding line of 970ft. has failed to make the bottom. Continually ascending and descending we arrive under the im- mense mammoth dome, whose cupola, 425ft. high, is lost in the flickering shadows. A winding pathway leads to a point very near its summit, which con- *See his account of the cavern in his Reli- quiæ Diluvianæ. † Deville, "Visite aux Grottos de Mam- mouth," in " Tour du Monde." 1883, Le Semestre. sists of a black vault; besprinkled with shining crystals ; this is known as the Star Chamber; Illuminated by a lamp this cupola, all incrusted with brilliant stalac- tites, sparkles like the heaven on a sum- mer night. After traversing some dis- tance from this wonderful recess, a basin of 25 to 35 feet in circuit, called the Dead Sla, we find ourselves on the bank of broad water-course known as the Styx, which must be crossed in a boat, After half an hour's navigation, you land on a fine sand. At a short distance is a small sulphurous spring ; then comes the Cleveland Avenue, which leads to the Hall of Anon, whose walls dazzle with their resplendent whiteness. Angularly rugged paths conduct us to the so-called Rocky Mountains, through whose de- tached and scattered masses we make our way to the Fairy Grotto, where the stalactites are aggregated into colonnades, arches, and trees of magical aspect. At the extremity of the hall is a graceful group, imitating an alabaster palm tree with a fountain gushing front its summit The Fairy Grotto is about ten miles from the mouth of the cave. The journey there and back occupies ten hours; and when returning from the prolonged ex- cursion the traveller once more salutes the light of day, it is with a satisfaction easily comprehended. [I may add that in the opinion of our most eminent geologists, this remarkable cavern is part of the channel of a sub- terranean river which existed in a former condition of the earth's surface.] Trusting this meagre contribution may be of some interest, and tend to stimu- late those who have the opportunity of exploring the caverns of the island to more extended examination both as to their natural beauty and to the interest- ing animal remains that may be found, which latter are of great interest to the scientist. 