PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH.I.. The sacrament of the Lord's Supper was' celebrated in the above church last Sabpath forenoon. ,A larger number of commusnicants sat down on this occasion than at any previous communion. The Rev J. Gibb dispensed the ordinance. 'A sermon was preached. from Matt. xxvii. 50-" Jesus, when he had cried again with a loud voice, yielded up' tlie ghost." After the communion those who had partaken were, exhorted by the preacher to consecrate themselves wholly to the service of .Christ. Speaking'fron the words, "Let everyone that nameth the name of Christ depart from iniquity," lir Gibb pointed out that " to depart from iniquity" was a duty binding on all who felt that they were 'moral beings, answerable to God for their life of. thought, woid, and deed.. Doubly binding, however, was this duty on all who " named the name of Christ," for the obligation to abstain from 'sin in'thitir case was dependent, not only on the moral imperative law revealed by conscience, hutihlso on the love they bore to Him who died to redeem them'from thepower;ofsin. , Were professing Christians what they ought to be, the duty of the preacher at a communion season would he to exhort his?heirers to strive to reach: the. height of 'holindss ' to- seek to ??'nW\"w GOOAý \n'-l+uch+ýw' m -,,inoeh"' or :" Elijalh or Paul walked with Him. Alas I that it should be so necessary to impress on Christ's professed followers only the rudiments of Christianity. He'would beseech all who had that day named the name of Christ to depart from those iniquities into which the great mass of'mankind were continually falling. Let them look well to it that they were thoroughly truth ful-haters of all sham, honest in ther business, pure in thought, word, and act. Above all, let them depart from the iniquity of irreligion, which is the root of all other sin. If they never communed with God in prayer-if they were often absent from their place in thehouse of God, they would find that, instead of the fetters of iniquity falling from them, they were forging day. by day new chains wherewith to bind themselves to self and sin. ,The annual innicni of the Sahliatli-school ccnnected with this.church took place on the 23rd ult. ".Over tivo hundred scholars, accom panioed bytheir teachers and friends, were con veyed in lorries to the scrub between the Yarra and Sandridge. The children enjoyed . them .els'es in the ustial picnic fashion, and, ip ad. dition to the prizes for running, &c;, the prizes gaihed hyscholars for excellence in preparation of lessons arid regularity of attendance were handed to the winners by the superintendent, -MLGiib. -Over fifty handsoi.e' iolunes were thus 'distnibutei , :: .It ih ,intended to form Thi,"Il?a~ oo'o " in connection with this school, the main him ofr which will be to train the scholars to wholly abstain from intoxicating liquors. Subordinate to this it is intended to get up one or two entertainments for young people, the members of the "Band of.Hope thimselves' prdviding the 'amfsesiiimet. " 