MISCELLANEOUS IRISH ITEMS, Mr Justice Barry, nt tho Mustor Winter Asdizua at Cork last week, passed sentences upon prisoners who had been foil ml guilty of various ollenoes during the Commission, Two bi others, named Dclahunty, for shooting with intent to uiurdur, were Hont to penal servitude (or life ; sud David ii'lcmiii', for taking part with another puison in shunting and wounding, was sentence J to 20 years' initial servitude. . A soldier, has been .tried, by coui't-ni.irtial at Lenmorc Barracks, Galway, lor lining left his post while on duty outside the aaol. alleging that he saw the ghost of Xlyli's Joyue, whiuu frightenoti hiui away. His htory was disbelicveil, and ho was sentenucd to twelve mouths' imprisonment. Tho authorities are convinced that the knives foil ud some months ago near the rear of the house of ono of tho men arestcil un January ;13,-.are thoso used in tho Phifnx Park 'assassiiiations,' for they fit exaotly ilie width of the cuts in tbe clothes of L-inl Frederick Cavendish and Mr Burke. Mr Parnoll's estate has been tho Bceue -,f another . popular demonstration. Sevor.il hundred people assembled with . hands to plough his laud; auda liirge stubble' ficl I adjoining hisdemosnp was ploughed up very quickly, over' 200 ploughs being engaged, while in a field of 21 acres at Gartymoro 8t- ploughs 'wore employed. , '-,.'.' ' Lady Florence Dixie has debliiiod to accept n testiuioniul in appreciation of her cllort? to relieve Irish (listrena. It is consequently atinouuced that tho ±'28G contributed for that purpose will l-o returned to tho Hubsorihers. Earl Spencer, when tho guest of tho Earl of Vortarlington, was waited upon by a deputa tion from the town of Portarliugtion on January 18, The Lord Lieutenant, in the courso of his reply, said : — ' You refor to the crime n'hii'h, during recent years, provailed to an alarming extent ' and to tho im provement which has now takoti . place. I am glad to think of this improvement, Tho lawless men who long assumed to them selves tho right to take the lives and regulate the actions of peaceful and law abiding people of this country, are now learning that they cannot, with impunity, break the laws of the 'and. It has been tho duty of tho Govern ment to endeavour tn restore true liberty of 'action to every subject of the Queen— to ennblo every ^citizen freely and ' safely to follow his husiudss arid to fulfil his dutieB as he thinks bea'. I hope that some progress has been mado towards this end, but after the events of . recent yenrs it is impossible 'that the evil can bo at once eradicated.' 