TUE FRONTIERS OF MADNESS. spectator. Dr. Ball has delivered a lecture recently at Paris, of whicli tho St. lames' s Ga:cltc gave an interesting accouut lost Wednesday, on The Frontiers of Madness, a frontieriand. on which lie appears to think tliat a vast number of us, who never cross the frontier, habitually reside. Apparently, however, Dr. Ball, iike most physicians who have given their minds to this subject, has not applied nny very satisfactory test of deviation from right reason? sinoe he seems to regard any kind of irregulnrity of im pression, whether yielded to or not yielded to by tlio . will, whether tested or not tested by the intellect, as ndanger signal pointing to some inclination of tho constitution towards mad ness. Thus, ho regards all eccentrics as on the confines of madness, and yet expressly admits that in this border land liavo dwelt a great many of the creative minds which havo left their mark on their age, and by their creative activity "havo saved nations, where they havo not ruined them." This seems to us a very rough and blundering sort of analysis. Yon might almost ns well class a roan who, beennso his optie nerve is wholly destroyed, cannot see what other people see, as dwelling on tlie borderland of insanity, as class amongst the insane a man who, because his optic nervo is irritable and morbidly active, sees phantas magoria which ho knows to be illusions and dismisses calmly as illusions, after looking out for tho tests which discriminate these mis leading visionB of his from the objects which lie sees in common with other people. Surely, the test not merely of insanity, but of an approach to insanity, is not to be found in nny degree in thesensesof man,whicharefrequontly deranged by defects wholly unconnected with any deficiency of common sense, but, in tbe judgment. We shonld Bay that'any mail who is daily misjudging more and more the weight to be assigned to his own impressions, whether of thing3 inward or tilings outward, is ap proaching that borderland ; wliilo a man who to himself appears both to hear and see what no ono else hoars and sees, but retains his ab solute control over the significance, or rather appreciates fully the insignificance, of these impressions, as gronnds for inference or action, is not approaching that frontier at nil. Wo shonld think it a far moro serious symptom of disturbed reason that a man's vanity is becoming inordinate, that he attaches more and more importance every year to his own thoughts and actions, as com pared witli tho thoughts and actions of tlie rest of tlie world, than we should that he saw . visions liko Lalorgne do Savigny, woll knowing them to be illusive, since thoy annoyed him so much that ho preferred living in tlie dark, to being tormented by them in the light. Of course, tho vory fact that Lalorgne de Savigny attached so much importance to what he knew to be illusions, tliat lie cut himself off from ail the advantages whicli tlie light brings with it, in order to avoid seeing these visions, was it- solf a much mora unhealthy sign than the mere fact of seeing them, for tho former indicated a disturbed judgment; and, ns we maintain, it is tlio degree in which tlie judg ment ' is disturbed which measures the approacli to insanity. But then tlio irri tation felt against tho illusive appearance is not, in our opinion, half so dangerous a sign of disturbed judgment as a rapid growth of sclf-importanco whicli tends to extinguish ail due appreciation of tho weight to be attached to other and sounder judgments. You miglit almost as well rcgnrd the passing of dark spots before the oye — a well known sign of a wearied optic nerve — as a sign of failing rea son, as regard elaborate phantasmagoria recog nised as phantasmagoria as constituting such a sign. Indeed, most men in perfect stillness can hear sounds, or what seem to them sounds, which no one else can hear. But the mo- ment they recognise that these sounds are eithdr in tlieir . own ears, or, if really' due to - - vibrations of the; atmosphere, are due to vibrations not perceptible to every auditory nerve, just as dogs certainly per ceive vibrations which roost men do not per ceive, and aro sometimes very curiously affected by them — tlie moment they recognise tliat their affection is individual only, and is not to be regarded as common, to them witli the rest of mankind, that moment they take up a perfectly reasonable position with respect to these individual affections of the car, and can ih no way he regarded as on tho way to a disturbed mental condition. A thoroughly conceited scorn for everybody's judgment that docs not agree witli a mail's own judgment, is a far surer indication of mental perverseness than any eccentricity of sonsc, however great, which the judgment only accepts for what it is worth, as a singular phenomenon, possibly de serving consideration, or possibly not deserving it, just as tho context of facts may seem to sug gest. Dr. Bail comes much nearer tlie mark, when he regards very eager, oven though not quite uncontrollable, impulses of an unreasoned and unreasonable kind as indications of proximity to mental disease, hecauso such very eager even though not quite uncontrollable impulses do grievously threaten the balance of the judg ment. Tlie painter who consulted Dr. Ball on the temptation, which he found almost over powering, to throw into tlie fire his own very child whom ho was tenderly nursing in an at tack of croup, and this even in tlie very midst of his fervent prayers tliat the child might be permitted to recover from its illness, was clearly threatened with a grave danger, in case ' either of his will losing its power — or what was perhaps more dangerous, losing its vigil- ' ance, so that Buch an impulse might catch him unawares. In the same way, the klepto maniac who feels a very eager, even though not quite irresistible, desire to possess himself unlawfully of property which ho might easily obtainin any quantity by lawful means, without sacrificing anything which lie really values — there is one case of a well-to-do man who was kleptomaniac only in relation to clothes-pegs — is really threatened with a sub version of his judgment, unless lio ? keeps liis will always vigiiantand always firm. So, too, the alleged desire of some people to throw tbem- selvcsovera precipice, or to offcndsociety by call ing out insulting words on solemn occasions, is obviously a danger to tho practical reason of ? the men who feel it, if at least it is not merely a morbid fancy but nn urgent temptation, 1 But we cannot conceive a case in which, while i tlie judgment remains clear and firm, and is not . bewildered in the least by the eccentricity of the sensitive or perceptive phenomena with which it has to deal, there is any approauh to the frontiers of insanity. That approach may be . made, nay, the border may be fairly passed, without tbe least illusion, or liability to illusion of tbe senses. Directly a man begins to cherish a notion that he is in somo senso the centre of the Universe,— that everything depends oil him, and is ordered mainly to contribute to his importance or glorification, or to his persecu- ' tionand vilification, — he is approaching the frontier of madness much more closely than he ever would through the mere trickery of tlie senses, his power to check and cross-examine . their. . false . reports remaining undi minished. Coleridge, when asked whether lie believed in ghosts, used to say that he had seen far too many to believe in them, — mean ing that.he had had too much experience of. the illusions to which tbe senses are- liable, at times when lie was perfectly conscious that they were playing him tricks, to let his judg ment bo biassed by such appearances. Well; that is, as we understand.it, the condition of a thoroughly rational mind, just as tlie allow ance made by a man who is blind and deaf for the constant errors into which his blindness and deafness inustlcad bin), is tho evidence of a thoroughly rational mind. You are no nearer the frontiers of insanity for excess of sensation or seeming perception, than you are for deficiency of sensation or perception ; that which brings you near it is only incompetence to judge soberly of your own excesses or deficiencies of experience — your dis position to attach an overweening importance to purely personal impressions, especially if you iinvo had good reason to distrust yourself whenever your impressions were in conflict witli the impressions of others. Men of genius, on tlie contrary, often have good ground to trust themselves, even though their impres sions are in conflict with those of other mon, and in their case sanity is shown by self- oonlidence, and not by self-distrust, so far, at least, as the limitations under which self- confidence is warranted are closely observed and carefully attended, to. But, in any case,. , the frontier land of insanity is the region of' . tottering judgment., not the region of either redundant or deficient sensation and' per- i ception. 