Talesaiid Sketches. THE OLD WOMAN OP THE SEA. (From the "CorahilllfsgisinB ") "Nbabiy every man, I should think, must I ' •omettmea fed in doubt ns to whether ho has j mot ordered the course of his life after r.ti alto gether erroneous fashion; and if he be, as 11 am, an old bachdor, I hardly sse how he is to •scape such occasional misgivings, A sight—a : sound—a scent, suddenly takes ns back to those half-forgotten days when we were young | • we call tn mind-what once was; wo realise what mijat be now, had not this, that, and ths • other thing occurred, and we find (Ourselves (mattering under our breath, 'Ah, dear me! what a mistake it has all been, to be Sure!' \- I believe, indeed, that it was only tho lively •trains of the Hungarian band which prevented . these very words from being heard to fall from toy lips as I stood in the doorway of a London hall-room, and watched Alice Wynne dancing with JOung Charles Stapleton, to whom her ■engagement had been announced a few days • wore. It so happened that t myself had often • danced in that very sime house, I won't say how many years ago, when its prerent owners " were in the nursery, when heads which are ' bald and grey now wero as curly as Charles Stapleton's, and when a hoet- of dead people were alive and merry; and standing there un noticed, as dogs who have had their day must 'expect to he, I lost sight for a mintlte or two of the modem young men and women who were gyrating before me, and beheld the long room thronged with ghosts, among whom one special ghost may perhaps have been more prominent than the rest. I say one can't avoid these memories and regrets. They come upon one when one least expects it, and make one reel most confoundedly foo!i»h and _ nntasy. As a general thing I am pretty well Contented with my manner of existence, such as it is; but when ooe is an old man and a rich ... - man, and when one sees Tom, Dick, and Harry _ .with their sons and daughters about thtih, and their houses full of friends, and with a hundred interests in life not directly ecnnected with their town persons, celiba y does somehow pre sent itself to one in the light of a defiance of obvious duty and destiny. Why I have never married is a question which concerns no one except myself; bat I own that I hive some times doubted whether my reason was a suffi cient one, and whether I should not have done tetter to take a wife—any wife. Dr. Johnson thought that if all marriages were arranged by the Lord Chancellor the result would be quite u satisfactory as that obtained from the ordinary English method, aad I am not pre pared to say that that unromintic philosopher ana wholly in tho wrong. There is no denying tint matches of affection frequently turn out badly, while matches of convenience frequently turn out welL One can't hive everything i i this give-and-take world, and the eight of two ywOng people unmistakably in love with each Other,yet brought together by their elders from motives of the purest woridlineis, is as rare a . oneas it is delightful to witness. So I leant against the doorway, absorbed in musings with which Stapleton and Miss Wynne \- were only in part connected, unril a brisk voice \- i «t my elbow cried, ' A penny for your thoughts, General Hirers! Do you know that yon are lookiog quite sentimental ?' 'I was looking at your daughter and Lord Charles, Mrs. Wynne,' I said; for it was the mother of the bride elect who had addressed toe. ' Ah. dear child!' she. sighed, ' it is such a . happiness to me to see her happy; and I know \- - yon rejoice with us. But this makes us seem terribly old, doesn't it ?' ..3.1-. y0n know, we are ratherold,' I replied ' hluctly; and I don't think she quite liked it. : The truth is that Mr#. Wynne is a contem porary of my own, or thoreabouts; but I am \- bound to confess that she looks a good twenty • : years younger. I glanced at her after I had ™«A#> this uncivil remark, and I could cot help admiring the marvellous perfection of her make-up. Her face was painted, and so were her delicately- traced eye-brows; but tho work betrayed the touch of a finished artist. The brown. h»ir which clustered in little curls all ■over her head and came dawn low upon her forehead waa a wig most likely, though it looked . uncommonly natural; but how on earth had she achieved those youthful shoulders and arms ? . She wore a low dress—in fact, a very low drees .—and I declare that the charms which she displayed might have been thoss of a woman of five end-twenty. I was privileged to behold a , set of beautifully regular and pearlr teeth (false ones, I suppose) when she smiled upon me and murmured: ' But not too old to be a little sentimental sometimes, eh, General?' ' Oh, I shall have occasional fits of sentlmen- I tality np to my dying day, I expect. It's the weather—or the gent coming on; it doesn't mean anything? I returned hastily; for soiao thing in the woman's look and manner affected me with a vague feeling of alarm. But she said: 'Ah! don't let us be ashamed of having hearts and memories. Tiie world ' makes us all hard, whether wc will or no. but we need not boast of it. Come and tit down in the next room, General Bivcrs, and we will be sentimental together for a quarter of an hour.' I saw no reason why we shouldn't. Wc re tired into a small, dimly-lighted boudoir ad joining the ball-room, and talked very pica eantly about bygone days for more than the allotted quarter of an hour. She made a good deal of pretence of being younger than I was; she effected ignorance of events which she eould not really havo forgotten end of persons with whom I myself had seen her flirting in ths consulship of Plancns; but she so-mcd to bo Interested in what I said, and showed more power of participating in my melancholy mood than I should have given her credit for. I have always admitted that Mrs. Wynne can be a rerj agreeable womanwhen she likes. The worst of me ia that I am ao easily imposed upon. Of 'course I know- that'this shocking old sham was likely to be as false in her sentiment as she was in her person; yet when she spoke affectionately of the daughter whom she was about to lose,, turning oa a sort of tremolo stop inhcr Voice as sho did so —when she appealed ko hie to Biy what she was to d£ Mth her life after its chief interest haa been removed—and when she al luded with a sigh to the trials and sorrows which sho had passed through and lived. down—I was touched. I fiald to myselfj iSiaHlV ne'eomo that ono does not nttcoStaHly t a hardened reprobate becadse Otto is a little worldly. As fir is that wont, wasn't I also a little Vrorldly ? I thought I could enter into poor Mrs. Wynne's natural feeling of loneliness, and I was ashamed of the half sus picion which had entered my mind for a moment that she might be setting her cap—or rather hsr curly wig—at mo. Not, to he sure, that there would, have been anything very eitraordinaty in it If she had, seeing tnat, many years before, sho had married a man consider* -ly older than X aoi now. That was her socond matrimonial venture —her first husband, a dashing young husfcar, having broken his neck st 'cplcOhasin^, I forget where. Old Wynne died, very eoon after his little girl's birth, frhich was an unlucky tfirig for some people. His estates paiied ttt nw nephew, to spito whom he had named, and his widow was left but frcktttily provided for. I fancy that she ttiust have found it a hard matter to keep her head above water, living in the way that she did; bnt she managed it somehow, and never allowed, herself to drop out of society. ' When Alice was old enough to come out, the ! two ladies went to the first drawing room of the j season together; and I think it was then that I Mrs. Wynne assumed that surprisingly youth ful aspect which caused her, when seen from a a sufficient distance, to look like ber j daughter's younger sister. Nd doubt she had to bwallow some sttubs and slights; for she was an impoverished woman who was bound to lire like a moderately rich one, under penalty of being forgotten, and we all kno.v how littlo mercy is sho wn by the world to those who deliberately place themselves in false positions Nevertheless, she did not suffer herself to bo discouraged, and now she had reaped the re ward of her labours She had secured a hus band for her daughter who was not only the younger sou of a*duke, but was far better off than younger sons generally sro. somo member of his mothers family having left him a hand some property. I felt a genuine satisfaction at her success; for ono likes to see pluck recompensed, and be sides, 1 had known Mrs. Wynne all my life, though X can't say that we had ever been ex actly friends. After that evening at the hall, however, she was pleased to treat me quite like a friend—an intimate friend, indeed. We never met anywhero that she did not drag me off I into a corner to whisper some confidential piece of information about Alice's approaching nup tials, or to consult me as to some point ! connected with settlements, although one would have snpposed that she might Lave obtained from her solicitor all the advico that she needed upon such subjects. And then sho wjs always sending me little unnecessary notes, till at last I grew positively to loathe the sight of the 5 uff-co!oared envelopes which she used, and Wilson, my man, smiled demurely when he handed them to me. Now, if there is one thing that I dislike more than another, it is bc-ing laughed at by Wilson; and. what was psrhaps even more disagreeable was that the men at the club began to chaff me, my old friend Conington in particular being exquisitely facetious, inquiring whe'lior tho double event was to come off on the s*m* day, and so forth. I was obliged to tell him at length that that kind of thing, besides being utterly witless, was offensive to me; to which he replied that ho only did it out of kindness. 4 My good fellow, you can't tike cars of yourself,' he tail, 4 and if somebody didn't catch hold of your coat-tails you'd ba swallowed up before you knew where you wcro. Our friend Mrs. Wynne is a good deal cleverer than y ou arc, I can tell yon.' 4 Yery likely,' I returned ; 41 never said she wasn't.' 4 Yes; and she's a fascinating woman too, in her way.' 41 don't find her so,' I said; 4 but I suppose you do, for you are always talking to her. .Per haps you would like t> marry her yourself. If so, pray don't let roe stand in your way.' Conington shook his head with a wise smile 4X'mtoo old a bird,* ho answered; 4 and eh* knows that well enough. She won't waste time in trying to drop salt on my tail. Sho knows I recollect her, ages and ages ago, as an old thing with grey hair and false teeth that waggled at you when she talked. She goes in for being a sort of Ninen de I'Hnclos now; but that won't do with me, you know.' As far as that went, it wouldn't do with me either; and, though X did nob remember to have ce?n Mrs. Wynne in the stage described, I was lure that, whether she had designs upon mo or not, I should neTer fall a victim to her borrowed charms. Sti'l I did feci that it would be a comfort when the wedding was over and 1 the excuse for all these interviews and notes removed. To add to iny discomfort, the ladies o4 my acquaintance began with ono consent to give me friendly wurnings; and then, only a week beforo the day appointed for tho cere mony, a very annoying tiling took placo. 4 My d<ar General,' Mrs. Wynno said one morning, squeezing my hand affectionately (she had taken to squeezing my hand by this time), 41 want you to do jne a great kindness. I want you to give dear Alice away.' 41 ?—give your daughter away ?' I ejaculated aghast. 4 Well, upun my word, I don t think I am quite the right person ~ * Ah, don't refuse 1* abo broke in. 4Iam Bure you won't refuse! You know sho has literally no near relations, poor child, and James Wynne, who was to have represented the family, is laid up with chicken-pox and can't come. Unless you will help me out of the diffloulty, I don't «eo who. thero is to opply to exoept tho verger.' ■- - • «Couldu't yon pnt it off until James Wynne is bettor P ' I suggested. , ru . ... • Oh deaf do ! Quito impossible ! It might be tre'its and weeks! Some peop'o takean eternity to get orer tlio measles,*and —— 1 Sou said it " was chicken-pot/' just now, I interrupted suspiciously. », ' Oh, well, it doesn't matte* what it 16/ she returned* 1 Tdd couldn't expect him 'to como ifltd cliliroH all over spots and scatter infoC' lion among a hundred and fifty people, could you?1 ' I suppose not,' I agreod. It really was a very cjoI request to make, and no doubt Conington and other resolute persons would have refused point-blank; but I never can bring myself to be rude to people, unless I am goaded iuto absolute fury, so I ended by yield ing a reluctant COnSenh I performed the duty required of me when tbfc festive day came, feelin{-[perfectly wretched the whole time, and not daring to look at any body; and it was only when the rite was over and wo were assembled round .the breakfast table that I recognised James Wynne among the company, looking as well and as hearty as I hid tfter sesn him in my life. This was too much. I made my escape as soon as possible, only darting one glance of bitter reproach at that Sapphira of a woman, and early the next day I left town and fled into Dorsetshire to Btay with some couams of mine who had asked me, very opportunely, to pay them a vi-it. I did think I should have been safe there, with the London season only just over, and everybody hastening to Goodwood* where I rather wanted to bate gone rajeelf; but no such thing! I hadn't been trtro days in the house whejl Mis. Wjiine arrived, looking more juvenile and blooming than ever; and I round out afterwards that she had actually asked her self down; my poor cousins, who knewnothing of what hid taken place ia I ondon, welcoming her wi h the utmost cordiality. Ah, how dif ferently would they have behaved had they guessed the predatory intentions of their visi tor with regard to one whose worldly goods may not improbab'y be divided among them some day | [ Sirs. Wynne could not, of cdurse, Blush, her j natural skin being fdr ever hidden from mortal eye j and, rilorally speaking, 1 should say that she had the hide of a rhinoceros. She did not appear to be in the least ashamed of having compromised me in the. eyes of all my friends by that unspeakably shabby trick of hers, and I felt that no words of ini-o would be likely to produce any impression upon such brazen ; efFrontery. I therefore maintained an attitulo of cold reserve, only taking good care not to be hft alone with her for a single moment. But I need hardly say tbat she broke down my defence with the greatest ease a* soon as sbe thought fit to do so. She waylaid me on the etaircaie, as I was making for tile smoking room, on the second evening after her arrival, and, touching me gently on the arm, * You j are angry with me,' said she, ia a tone of soft remonstrance. ' What have I done to offend | your '1 am not offended, Mrs. Wynne,' I replied; j 1 but, 6ince you ask me, I will confess that I am annoyed at your having thought it necea- , say to tell me a—what shall I say ?—about ! James Wynue.' c But I didn't tell you a what shall-you-eay,' she rejoined, laughing. * He really bad some thing the matter with him. It turned out to bo only a cold in the head /still it might quite well have prevented him from coming. Ati$ I was not at all sorry for the mistake. I don't like James -we have never got on together -and it was much pbasontcr to mo to see an old friend like yourself standing were you did. I think you ought to be flattered,? she added, with a killing smile. ' I am not flattered,' I replied gloomily; for I thought it best to be explicit. ' I don't like to be made conspicuous in that uncalled for way.' 'Oh, how rude you are 1' she exclaimed, laughing, and rapping mo on the knuckles with her fan. ' I shail not speak to you again until j you have found your manners.' | And Bho turned and ran up the stairs with ! the buoyant step of careless girlhood. 1 his was all very well; and if, by dint of bad manners, I could have persuaded her to carry out her threat of not speaking to me any moro, mannerless I ehou'd have remained. But she didn't carry out her threat. Far from it! On the contrary, eh i spoke to mo a great deal; and tho things that sho said were so ctvtliug that I hardly knew which way to look when she uttered them, while my cousins, who had begun by being amused at her, ended by becoming indignant. Any one, to hear her talk, would have supposed tbat I had almost lived in her houso in London—that little May fair house which she bad rented for some years past, and which she now announced that she intended, by my advice, to quit. ' Cortainly I should find it dreary work to go on living all I by myself where I havo been so happy with my \ poor little girl/ sho said; 'I dare say it is better that I should make a change. Whore X | shall go or what I eliaU do X can't think; but my dear, kind old friend' (it vra* thus that sho was pleased to designate tho roader's bumblo servant) 'has promised to find mo a home somcwhero heforo long.' How it was true that, while in London she had told mo that sho costcmplatcd a change of quarters, and had bcpgoJ mo to let her know if I heard of anything that sounth d suitable ; but the impression conveyed by her words was something very different from this, and my cousins not unnaturally concluded that I eithor meant to marry Mr?. Wynne, or that I had been trifling with her affections. Of theso two alternatives tho latter would no doubt have been tho more agreeable to them; but in cithor case they would have felt justified in regarding me with that pity whit-li is not akin to love, and they showed in the plainest mannor that they did 60 regard me. * All these things being so, thero was nothing for it but a second and a longer flight. My yooht wai waiting for me at Portsmouth. I determined to go on board at ohoe and sail for Norway as soon as I could possibly get off. • I did not want to do this. Iam not muohofa fishormanjVand besides, there is very little salmon Ashing to bo obtained by the oasual traveller in Norway nowadays. Morpoyec, I hare, reached that time of lifo witch a" man likds to do tHo same thing year after year. It throws me out, and gives me an nnoasyj fidgety feeling of having forgotten somotliing, if I am not at Oowes for the 8 ]adron regatta, at Wey mouth, Dartmouth, and Torquay shortly after wards, and in Scotland by the beginning.of Septembor. But it woe not a cose for consult ing one's inclinations. I telegraphed; to two or three men to join mo, and left preoipitately, alio »ing it to bo inferred that I was bound for no moro distant waters than Ihoqa of the Solent. The trilth of the matter wis thilt la&fc; dhlme: lets and unscrupulous women had taken an accurate measure of my character and had found out my weak points. She knew—at least, I suppose she did—that blandishmwln would have no Bort <jf effect njion the | bhfc doiibllese she also know that there was soaWely any foolish thing that I would not do, rather than have a disturbance. Her tactics were obvious. She intended to moke me compromise myself end her before witnesses and then throw herself upon my gonerpBity, or my feebleness, whichever it ought to be called ; and if I had net happened to be fully al'vo to this danger, it is quite upon the cards that she might have succeeded. As,it was, I got three friends to accompany me and sailed for Stavatiger before toe end of the week. , When t Had placed the tumbling waves qt the Notth Sea between mo and my dread ful old woiHan, I breathed more ' freely, and my temper, which I was told ' bad been rather short during the passage,'? re covered its wonted sweetness. 1 . felt that I had been delivered from a great and imminent peril. People who sneer at panics of this kind, and say that a women can't many a man against his will, and so forth, simp'y don't know what they arc telling about. I maintain that there are occasions upon which it behoves the bravest Of meq to rttn Away. We ipint a very -pheasant* bhree weeks in dawdling about the west coast of Norway; It was a little late in the year, but the weather, fof once ina way, was propitious, and the magnifi cent fjords, which are so often shrouded in rain and mist, showed themselves to us, day after day, in unolouded grandeur. My friencs were kind enough n t to be too exacting. T could not put them in the way of getting any sport; but they said the scenery and the sunshine, would do instead, and professed themselves satisfied with ah - occasional drive up unfre quented valley e or a climb to the glaciers which overhang the HardangerPjord and its Branches: One evening we had all gollo ashdro At fiinej and werb Strolling along And gising at the sunset, when a string of carioles was seen approaching us, in the foremost of which was seated a lady whom my compauions at once pronounced to bo an Englishwoman. ■ Thsy further remarked that she was an uncommonly 1 well turned-out one, too. As for mo, I" said nevor a word; but my hoart became as water within me. Ah, mo! that trim figure, that bottlo grern Newmarket, that billyccck ; bat, those neat little boots which rested in the stir rupB of the cariolo - had I not recognised them from afar? Oh, my prophetic sorn I—my old woman 1 She was grasping my hand before I knew where I was. Who would have thought of meeting mo in Norway ? This was really de lightful ! bho had been so much pressed to come over by hor frionds the Somebodys (I don't remember their name—thoy must hnve been strange people) tbat at last Bhe had con sented ; and now she was so glad she lmd corns! She added, with one of those finger- tqueeses which always made ma feci hot and cold all over. ' How horrid of you to run away like thitl And never even to tell me where you weragoiDgl' \- ' It seems that you found out, though,' said I, too much perturbed to observe the decent reticences of polite rociety. Hbo looked at me with an innocent wonder in those artistically enlarged eyes of hers. ' Well, yes j I hive found you,' she answered; ' but tbat is no thanks to you. I hope you are glad to be found. Now we must make some plcssant excursions together. I hoar tbat there is a great deal to bo seen in this neigh bourhood. 'Oh, yes we'll make some pleasant excursions together, and we'll eee the neighbourhood,' I echoed grimly. 'Does the schooner jaoht lying along-ide of us belong to your friends? She said it did, and 1 remembered having ex amined the vessel and having noticed that she had no auxiliary steam. A strong wind was blowing straight up the fjord too, and likely to hold - come 1 thoro was balm in Gilead after all. [To if continued.) Pcbbii, the artist, had that dislike to com/ lon-plico obrcrva'ions which might have boon (pactod in a man of his ardent imagination ltd cultivated intellect. Aflor silting per»ootly lent for s-mio timo, during tbobald, disjointed mt of some idle callcrs-in, gabbling one with oolhor about tlio weather. Ac., ho suddenly (claimed : ' Wo had pork for dinnor to-day! Dear Air. Kueeli, what an odd remark. Why,' roplicd ho, 'it is as good as anything ou havo been saying for the last half-hour. A Bhoad Hint.—Sir Andrew Agnow having ir somo timo boon pestered by an impertinent itrudor, it was one day remarked to the baronet lat this man no longer appeared in.; bis com my, and ho was asked now lio contrived to st rid of him. 'In truth,' said the baronet, f was obliged to giro tlio cliiol a broad hint A broad hint,' replied tlio friend. * I thought o was one of those who could not take a uinte By my faith! but ho was forced to.take it, iswerod Sir Andrew, ' for as tlw fellow wonld it go out by the door, I threw him out of the indoyr-' 