THE LADY'S WALK .A STORY OF THE SEER ARB UK&EEN.; IK FOUR CHAPTERS. "\"By Mils. OuJi'.KANi', in losjMft'i' SsnQazine. Cjiaptku L 1 was on a visit to some people ir: bcofcland when the events 'I am abosit to relate took place. They wei'e not friends in the sense of long or habitual -intercourse.; in abort, I had met them only id Switzerland'in the previous year; but wc -saw a great deal of -each other while wc were together, rnd got into that ctsy intimacy which travelling brings about more readily than anything else. SVe had seen each, etherin very great d6te..abilhi. both of mind and array in the chilly mornings after a night's -travelling, which perhaps is the severest test that can be applied in re spect to lodes; and amit" all blsc- annoyances -of journeys-short and long, with the usual episodes of lost luggage, indifferent hotels, fusses of -every description, which is an equally severe test for the temper; and our friendship and. liking (l am at liberty to sup pose it was'mutual, or they would never have invited me tc Ellermcre) remained unim paired. I have always thought, and still think, that Charlotte Campbell was one of the most charming young women I ever met with ; aed her brothers, if not so entirely de lightful, were nice fellows, capital to travel with, full of 'fun and spirit. i"l understood immediately -from their conversation that they were members of a large family. Their allusions to Tom and «Faek and little Harry, and the children in the nursery, might per haps have been tediouo to a harsher critic; "but I like to »hear of other people's relations, "" having scarcely any of my own. I found out by degreeo that Miss Campbell had been taken abroad-by her brothers to recover from a long and sarere task of nursing, which had exhausted her strength. The little ones had all been down with -scarlet•: fever, and she had not left them night or day. "She gave up seaing the rest of .us and regu larly shut herself in," Charley informed me, who was-the younger of the two. " She \- would only go-out for cer walk when all of . us were out of the way. That was the worst . of it," the young fellow said, with great sim plicity. That his sister should, give herself " - up to the nursing was nothing remarkable; ■ but that sbe should deny herself their precious -.company was .a heroism that went to her -brothers' hearts. Thus, by the way, I ■ learned a great deal about the family. •Chatty, as they called her, wac the sister vmothcr, especially of the little ones, who had been left, almost in her sole charge since their mother died many years before. She was not Va girl, strictly speakinf. She was in the perfection of her womanhood .and youth— about eight aofi-twenty, the age when some* -thing of the composure o£ maturitybas lighted •«pon the sweetness of the earlier .years, and being so old enhances all the charm of being , sso young. It ie cbiefl y among young married ; women that one sees toisirracious andbeauti :ful type, delightful to every sense .and every requirement of the mind ; but when it is to be met with unmarried it is more. celestial still. I cannot but think with reverence that this delicate maternity and .maidenhood—the perfect bounty of the one, the undisturbed grace of the other—.has been the foundation of that adoring devotion which in the old days brought so many saints to the shrine of. the Virgin Mother. But why I should thus enlarge upon Charlotte Campbell .at the beginning of this story I can scarcely tell,' for she io not in the strict sense of the .word the heroine of it, and £ am unintentionally deceiving the reader tc begin. They asked me to oeme and see them at Ellermore .when we parted, and, as I have nothing in-the way of a home warmer or more genial than , chambers in the Temple, I ac cepted, as. may be supposed, with enthusiacm. It was in the first week of June that we parted, and J was invited for the end ef August. They had "plenty of grouse," Charley said, with a liberality of expression, which was pleasant to hear. Charlotte added, " But you mustbe prepared dor a homely life, Mr. Temple, and a very quiet one!" I re \- plied, of course, that if I had chosen what I . liked best in the world it would have been this combination; at which she smiled with -. an amused little shake of her head. It did . not seem to occur to her that ebe herself told for much in the matter. What they all in sisted upon was the " plenty of grouse and I do not pretend to say that I was indifferent .to that. Colin, the eldest son, was the one with ■whom I had been lea3t familiar. He was what people call reserved. He did not talk .of everything as fee others did. I did not indeed find out till much later that he was constantly in London, coming and going, so that I might have seen much of each other. Yet he liked me well enough. He joined warmly in his brother's invitation. When Charley said there wae plenty of grouse, he ' added with the utmost -friendliness, "And ye may get a blaze at a stag." ' There was a flavor of the North in the sj.eo h of all; not .disclosed by mere words, but by an o.-casional diversity of idiom and change o-l pronuncia tion. They were conscious of this, and rather proud of it than otherwise. Tliey did not say Scotch, but Scots; and their accent could not lie represented by any of the travesties of the theatre, or what v/e con ventionally accept as the national utterance. "When I attempted to pronounce after them, my own ear informed me what a tea. €"' r it was. It was to the family represented by tisne young people that I was going when I 'darted on August 20, a blazing summer day, with dust and heat enough to merit the name of summer if anything ever did. But when 1 J arrived at my journey's end there was just ! eJionge enough to mark the line between snvn mer and autumn; alittlegoldcn haze in the air, a purple bloom of heather on the hills, a to nob here and there upon a stray branch, very few, yet enough to swear by. Ellermore lay in the heart of a beautifal district full of mountains and lochs, within the Highland line, and just on the verge of some of the ; wildest mountain scenery in Scotland. It i was situated in the midst of an amphitheatre of hills, not of any very exalted height, but of a most picturesque form, with peaks and couloirs lake an alpine range in little, all glowing with the purple blaze of the heather, with gleams upon them that looked like snow, but were in reality water—white threads of mountain torrents. In front of the house was a small loch embosomed in the hills, from one end of which ran a cheerful little stream, much intercepted by boulders, and much the brighter for the interruptions, which mean dered through the glen, and fell into another loch of greater grandeur and pretensions. Ellermore itsel€ was a comparatively new house, built upon a fine slope of lawn over the lake, andsheltered by line trees—great beeches which would not have done discredit to Berkshire—though that is nob what we expect- to sec in Scotland ; besides the ashes anil lirs, which we are ready to acknowledge as of northern growth. I was not prepared for the luxuriance of the West Highlands— the mantling green of ferns and herbage everywhere- not to say the wealth of flowers, whicla formed a centre of still more brilliant color and cultiva tion amid all the purple of .the hills. Everything was soft and rich and warm about fcbc Highland mansion house. I had expected stem scenery and a grey at mosphere. I found an almost excessive luxuriance of vegetation and color every where. The father of my friends received me at a door which was constantly open, and where dt seemed to me after a while that nobody was ever refused admission. Ke was a tall old man, dignified but hcmely, with white hair and moustache and the fresh color-of a rural patriarch, which, however, he was not, but an energetic man of busi ness, as I afterwards found. The Campbells sjf Ellermore were not great chiefs in that much-extended clan, but they were perfectly well known people and had held their little estate from remote antiquity. But they had not; stood upon their gentility, or refused to avail themselves of the opportunities that came in their way. I have observed that in the great and wealthy region of which Glas gow is the capital the number of the irrecon cilables who stand out against trade is few. The gentry have seen all the advantages of combining commerce with tradition. Had it not been for this it is likely that Ellermore would have been a very different place. Now it was overflowing with all tbose signs of ease and simple luxury which make life so smooth. There was littie show, but there was a profusion of comfort. Everything rolled upon velvet. It was perhaps more like the house of a rich merchant than of a family of long descent. Nothing could be more perfect as a pleasure estate than was this little High land property. They had " plenty of grouse.1' and also of trout in a succession of little lochs and mountain streams. They had deer on the hills. They had their own mutton, and everything vegetable that was needed for the large profuse household, from potatoes and cabbage up to grapes and peaches. But with all this primitive wealth there was not much money got out of Ellermore. The "works" in Ulasgow supplied that. What the works were I have never exactly found out, but they afforded occupation for [all the family, both father and sons; and that the results were of the most pleasing description as regarded Mr. 'Campbell's banker it was easy to see. They were all at home with the exception of Colin, the eldest son, for whose absence many apologies, some of which seemed much more elaborate than were at all necessary, were made to me. I was for my own quite indifferent to the absence of Colin. He was not the one who had interested me most; ami though Charley was considerably younger than myself, I had liked him -better from the first. Tom and Jack were still younger. They were all occupied at " the works," and came home only from Saturday to Monday. The little trio in the nursery were delightful chil dren. To sec them gathered about Cnarlotto was enough to molt any heart. Chatty they called her, which is not a very dignified name, but I got to thinkit the most beautiful iu the world as it sounded all over that cheerful, much-populated house. Where is Chatty T was the first question every one asked as he came in at the door. If she was not imme diately found it went volleying through the house, all up the stairs and through the pas sages—"Chatty, where are you'.'"—and was always answered from somewhere or other in a full soft voice, which was audible every where though it never was loud. " Here am I, hoys," she would say, with a pretty inver sion which pleased me. Indeed, everything pleased me in Chatty—too much, more than reason. Z found myself thinking what would become of them all if, for example, she were to marry, aDd entered into a hot argument with myself on one occasion by way of proving that it would be-the most selfish thing in the world were this family to work upon Chatty's feelings and prevent her from marrying, as most probably, .I-could not help feeling, they would. At the same time I perceived with a little shudder how entirely the wliole thing would collapse -if by any chance Chatty should he decoyed away. I enjoyed my stay beyond description. .In the morning v/c were out on the hills or about the country. In the evening it very often happened that we all strolled out after dinner, and that! was left by Chatty's side, " the boys" having a thousand objects of interest, while Mr. Campbell usually -sat in his library and read the newspapers, which arrived at that time either by the coach from' Oban or by the boat. In this way. I went over the whole " policy," as the grounds sur rounding a country house are called in Scot land, with Chatty, who would not be out of reach at this -hour, lect her father should want her, or the children. She would bid me not to stay with her when no doubt.it would be more amusing-for me to go with the boys; and wlienl assured her my pleasure was far greater as it was, she gave me .a gracious, frank -smile, with a little shake of her head. She laughed at me softly, bidding me not to be too.polite or-to think ehe would mind if I left her:: but I think, on the whole, she liked to have me with her in her evening walk. "There ie-one thing you have not told me of," 1 said, "and that you must possess. I cannot believe that your 'family has been, se t tied here so long without-having a ghost." . She had turned round t© look at .me, to know what it was that liad been omitted in. her descriptions. 'When she heard what it. was she smiled a .little, but not with the pleasant mockery I had expected. On the contrary, it was a sort of .gentle smile of recognition that something had been lcft-out. "We don't call it a ghost,"-shesaicL "I have wondered if you had never noticed, I am fond of it for my .part; but then I have i < < n used to it all my life. And here we are, then," she added as we reached the top c£ a little ascent and came out upen a raised avenue, which I bad known by its name «£ the Lady's Walk without as yet^etting any explanation what that meant. It must have been, I supposed, the avenue to the.old house, and now encircled one portion of the grounds without any distinefc meaning. On the side nearest the gardens and house it was but slightly raised above the shr.ubberiee, but on the other side was the eummit of a high bank sloping steeply to the river, which, after it escaped from the loch, made a wide bend round that portion of the grounds. A row of really grand beeches rose on each side ©f the path, and through the openings in the trees the house, the bright gardens, the silvery gleam of the loch were visible. The evening aun was slanting into our eyes as we walked along; a little soft yet brisk air was patter ing among the leaves, and here and there a yellow cluster in the middle of a braneh showing the firci touch of a cheerful decay. "Kerc we are, then." It was a curious phrase; but there are some odd idioms in the Scotch—I mean Scots'—form of our common language, and I had become accustomed now to accept them without remark. " I suppose," I said, " there must be some back way to the village or to the farmhouse under this bank, though there seems no room for a path ?" " Why do you ask ?" she said, looking at me with a smile. "Because I always hear aome one passing along—I imagine down there. The steps are very distinct. Don't you hear them now? It has puzzled me a good deal, for I cannot make out where the path can be." She smiled again, with a meaning in her smile, and looked at me steadily, listening, as I was. And then, after a pause, she said, " That is what you were asking for. If we did not hear it, it would make us unhappy. ; Did you not know why this was called the I Lady's Walk?" 1 When she said these wordB I was con [ scions of an odd enough change in my sen ! sations—nay, I should say in my very sense of hearing, which was the one appealed to. I had heard the sound often, and, after looking back at first to see who it was and seeing no one, had made up my mind that the steps were on some unseen byeway and heard them accordingly, feeling quite sure that the sound came from below. Mow my hearing changed, spd j epgljJ not understand how I had ever thought anything else : the steps were oil a level with us, by our side—as if some third person were accompanying' us along the avenue. I am no believer in ghosts, nor the least superstitious, so far as I had ever been aware (more than everybody is), but I felt myself get out of the way with some celerity and a certain thrill of curious sensation. The idea of rubbing shoulders with something unseen startled me in spite of myself. " Ah," said Charlotte, " it gives you an— unpleasant feeling. I forgot you are not used to it like me." "Iam tolerably well used to it, for I have heard it often,' I said, somewhat ashamed of my involuntary movement. Then I laughed, which I felt to be altogether out of place and fictitious, and said, "Yo doubt there is some very easy explanation of it—some vibration or echo. The science of acoustics clears up many mysteries." "There is no explanation," Chatty said, almost angrily. " She has walked here far longer than any one can remember. It is an ill sign for us Campbells when she goes away. She was the eldest daughter, like me ; and I think she has got to be our guardian angel. There is no harm going to happen as long as she is here. Listen to her," she cried, stand ing still with her haBd raised. The low sun shone full on her, catching her brown hair, the lucid clearness of her brown eyes, her cheeks so clear and soft, in color a little summer-brown, too. I stood and listened with a something of excited feeling which I could not control: the sound of this third person, whose steps were not to he mistaken iliough she was unseen, made my heart beat: if, indeed, it was not merely the presence of my companion, who was sweet enough to account for any man's emotion. " You arc startled," she said with a smile. " "Well! I should not be acting my part, should I, as I ought, if I did not feel the proper thrill ? It must be disrespectful to a ghost not to be afraid." " Don't say a ghost," said Chatty; " I think that is disrespectful. It is the Lady of Eller more; everybody knows about her. Aud do you know," she added, " when mv mother died—the greatest grief I have ever known— the steps ceased? Oh, it is true. You need not look me in the face as if there was any thing to laugh at. It is ten years ago, and I was only a silly sort of girl, not much good to any one. They sent me out to get the air when she was lying in a doze; and I came here. I was crying, as you may suppose, and at first I did not pay any attention. Then it struck me all at once—the lady was away. They told me afterwards that was the worst sign. It is always death that is coming when she goes away." The pathos of this incident confused all my attempts to touch it with levity, and we went on for a little without speaking, during which . time it is almost unnecessary^ to say that I was listening with all my might to those strange footsteps, which 'finally I persuaded myself were no more than echoes of our own. " It is very curious,' I said politely. " Of course you were greatly agitated and too much absorbed in real grief to have any time to think of the other; and there might be something in the state of the atmosphere; " She gave me an indignant look. We were nearly at the end of the walk; and at that moment I could have sworn that the footstep*, which had got a little in advance, here turned and met us going back. I am aware that nothing could sound more foolish, and that it •must have been some vibration or atmospheric phenomenon. But yet this was how it seemed —not an optical but an aural delusion. So long as the steps were going with us it was less impossible to account for it; but when they turned and audibly came back to us not all my scepticisms could prevent me from stepping aside to let them pass. Thi* tone they came directly between us, and th naturalness of my withdrawal out of the wu./ wa3 more significant than the faltering laugh with which I excused myself. "It is a very curious sound indeed," I said with a tremor which slightly affected my voice. Chatty gave me a reassuring smile. She did not laugh at me, which was consolatory. She stood for a moment as if looking after the visionary passenger. "We are not afraid," she said, "even the youngest; we all know she is our friend." When we had got back to the side of th: loch, where, I confess, I was pleased to myself, in the free open air without any per plexing shadow of trees, I felt less objection to the subject. " I wish you would tell me the story ; for- of course there is a story,' I said. " No, there is no story—at least nothing tragical or even romantic. They say she was . the eldest daughter. I sometimes wonder," Chatty said with a smile and a faint increase of color, " whether she might not be a little like me. She lived here all her life, and had several generations to take care of. Oh, no, there was no murder or wrong about cur lady; she just loved Ellermore above every thing ; but my idea is that she has been al lowed the care of us ever since." " That is very sweet, to have the care of you," I said, scarcely venturing to put any emphasis on the pronoun; " but, after all, it must be slow work, don't you think, walking up and down there for ever? I call that a poor sort of reward for a good woman. If she had been a bad one it might have answered very well for a punishment." " Mr. Temple!" Chatty said, now reddening with indignation, " do you think it is a pcor thing to have the care of your own people, 6c watch over them, whatever may happen—to be all for them and tneir service. I don't think so; I should like to have such a fate." -Perhaps I had spoken thus on purpose to bring about the discussion, " There is such a thing as being too devoted to your family. Are they ever grateful ? They go away and marry and leave you in the lurch." She looked up at me with a little astonish ment. "The members may vary, but the . family never goes away," she said: " besides, that can apply to us in our present situation only. She must have seen so many come and .go ;• but that need not vex her, you know, because they go where she is." " My dear Miss Campbell, wait a bit, think , a little," I saidwhere she is! That is in the Lady's -Walk, -according to your stovy. Let us hope that all our ancestors and rela tions are not there." "I suppose you want to make me angry,"' said Chatty. " She is in heaven—have you any doubt of that 'i—but every day when the sun is setting she comes back home." " Qh, come !"• I said, " if it ic only at the , sunset that is not so bad." Miss Campbell looked at nie -doubtfully, as if not knowing whether to be angry, " You' want to.make fun of it," she said, "to laugh at it; and yet," she ..added with a little qoirit, you.were rather nervous half an hour a|go." " I acknowledge la being nervous. I am very impressionable, I believe that is the word. It is a luxury to be nervouo at the fit moment. STrightened.you might say, if yoa prefer plain speaking. And I am wry glad it is at sunset, not in tiic dark. This com fletas the round of my Highland experiences," said; " everything now is perfect, I have shot grouse on' the bill and caught trout on the loch, and been soaked to the skin and then dried in-the wind; I-wanted nothing but the family ghost. And new I have soon her, -or at least heard titer " " If you are.resolved to make a joke of it I -cannot help it," said Chatty, " but I warn you that it is net agreeable to me, Mr. Temple. Let us talk of something else, In the highlands," she said with dignity, 4'we take different views of many things." " There are some things," I said, " of which but one view is possible—that I should have the audacity and impertinence to laugh at anything for which you have a venera tion ! I believe it is only because I was ao frightened " She smiled again in her lovely motherly way, a smile of indulgence and fecgiveneso and bounty. "You are too humble &ow;," she said, " and I think I hear some one calling me. It is time to go in." And to bo sure there was some one calling her; there always was, I think, at all hours of the night and day. 