A TUB STORY. BY BIDDY. NEW tub», is it J Well, Mr. Carpenter, nc doubt they'll be a dale niter than the ould one«, but they'll never be the same to me. Am I attached to the ould tuber Why, sun, if you'll believe it, I've the beat of reasons for bein' attached to them, for they saved my loife indade they did, as I'm a living «inner. Master and miaras, as you most know, are well off people, with lashings of silver and the loike of that, and at the time I'm .snaking cf they kept them same in the house. They had no moro fear of being robbed than I have at this minute, and they just turned a bit ol a pantry key on them at night, and thought of no danger at all, at all. And no more did I, nntil the day come whin thors was a grand party at my missus' daughter's, and she and be went off to it together. 'We mightn't be home to-night, Biddy,' says she ; 'but you'd not feel afraid of staying in the house along with Nora ?' * And why should 1, ma'am V said I, 'Lordl help us, how little we know of what's courin' ' Why ahonld I, ma'am ?', says I. ' There's no ghost« in it, I'm sartin.' ' ' And off they went together him and her, and Master Alfred ; and about nine o'clock Nora and me fastened the doora, and went to bed. [ Now, I've a oom. that hurts me wonderfully because it's on cn the joint of my big too, and nothing aises it but soaking in sodawater. So, after Td been in bed an hour or more, that corn began to burn and «mart to that degrey I was wild, and I thought to myself I'd go down into the kitchen, and soak my feet welt, and pray the saints to better it. So, not to wake Nora, I slipped ont as soft as «ilk, and down the «taire, and never lighting a light, for it waa aa bright aa day with the moon. I just left tho water in the tubs, and stepping on a chair, sat on the wan .of'etn me feet io thc other, and let the warm water run and I was getting a dale of oomfort, when, all in a sudden, I beard a noise that made the blood in my veins ron cowld. It was steps and the jangling of silver in j the dining room, and somebody coming through the passage way tn the kitchen. I'm a Utt\e woman, by the grace of i heaven, and can slip in almost anywhere, i 1 and it came into me mind that thin wu 1 the time to slip, and down I went into the tub, letting the cover down over nie, with jujrt mr flnjjerin the crack to get a peep; and sere if I didn't see enough to satisfy.me. ' Two men-bad luok to them I-wid crape over their /aces, and pistols in their hands. - ' I told yon there was no one here, Jim, J says one. : And I knew his voice, and the hands of bim, with a crooked finger on one-a min : that had been pretending to want work of ' fhe master.-' :. ' I heard something,' says he, ' and I'll look about me.' ' , , , Then he'poked around, paping over and into! everything. J ! ? The" family is ont,' asid he, ' but that diril of a Briget might be here, or. the other girl, Nara.' [ 'They're safe asleep . up stairs,' says the first. ' 'They'd better stay there,' says the other,, 'for I'd think nothing ol silencing the two. This isa good haul, Jack-solid s to ff." 1 * I'd as soon put a bullet through a screech- ing woman as not,' said the other. 'See here-here's a pocketbook.' It was mine, with jist ten shillings in it, but I didn't mine nie money at that minute. > They took it out and counted it and divided it and they seemed in no hurry to go, the' villains. '; I 'Thesilver is tn the bags,' I beard them say. - - ' Maybe there's clothes in tho tub,'«sys the one i and he lifted the lid-of the one next me. My heart gave a great flop, ind I gave ?bp j myself for gone. ! \ ' You'd be an idiot to take wet olothss along with you,'said the ether. . . ' Here, - while we're waiting for the chance to go, let's have a bite. Here's a good leg of mutton and some bread.' The impudence of the thavesl But inure the next minute I'd just lifted; me head to pape again, when crack berne the" lid on it, and Î knew the craythers were sitting on the tubs, toking their supper. 1 was nearly dead with the blow, and I'd hare smothered but for the hole in the lid that waa there, 'glory to heaven. ' And I lay atiïT, doubled np like a frog, and heard them chew. ' ' / And Whether it was the fright or the close- ness, I don't know, but I fainted away dead that minóte. Whin it was daylight, Nora waked and missed me, and dressed and came down. The minute she saw what had happened, she rushed out into the street shrieking for help, and in caroo the police and neighbours, and sure they said I was in the robbery, and bad let the thaves in, and me laying unkno wnit in the tub useless. . They sent Nora for matter and missus, and nobody had the sense to look for me, until missus heaven bleis her, says she : . I'd trust Biddy with'untoold gold. Sute; they've killed her. Look the house through.'' And then she turned so faint that master run to.the tub foi wafer, and lifting' th» lid, ?ure there was I, with a broken bead, and no knowledge in it. i And the Wander is I didn't get carried to the dead-house and' identified for somebody else, the way it happened to my cousin Samuel ] 'that came back from i blt of a journey to fini J them 'waking' him, being.took for his own* ghost, , ' ; ' ' 1 They cook me oat, and.nure' getting<sne straight waa a hard job, .Nor» said, I'd been doubled up fhat long, bqt I .came to atlast ; and it was oma' to my seein* them, and be'ng ' able to swear who wan of thim was, that master and missus got back the silver, and the thaves were sent to gaol. ' I Wish you'd poked your ugly head out of that tub, Miss Bridget,' says one of them in the court 'But, bless the tubs, I didn't,' say I, 'and' here I am to confound ye." Yes, Mr. Carpenter; now you've got the whole story, and make the new tubs if yon likeVbntgive me a bit of the ould ones to remimber them by,*'av ye'plsze. 