the (chronicles OF EARLY SV1ELBOURME. tmBTORIOAL, ANECDOTAL, AND PERSONAL.— (1835-1801.) NEW S E R I E 8, BT GAUBTOWKN. ' CHAPTER XV. ' INSURANCE COMPANIES, AND THR FIRST .FIRE BRIGADE., Iksubancb, . Tho delay 'and . nncorUinty entailed in effecting iuaurancoa through Sydnoy and Van Diumoniao agencies, auggoated tho necessity, early in 1839, of Attempting tbe formation of a local company ; and accordingly at a pnblio meeting in the Lamb Inn, on tbo Gtb of April, the projeot was started and the following prospoctus adopted Fiui: and Mahini Inbobanob Companv. Direotors : R. H, Browne, Esq, D. C. M' Arthur, Esq. S. J, Browne, Esq, W. F. A. Ruokor, Esq. Rev J. Clow, James Simpson, Esq, 1 John Gardiner,Eiq, 11. 3, Wobb, Esq, Arthur Hoguo, Esq. P. W. Welsh, Esq, f Charles Howard, Esq. W. H, Yaldwyn, Etq, Auditors : . Skene Craig, and WilHam Highott, Esqrt. Snrvoyor : Robert Russell, Esq. Solicitor : William Moek, Esq, Socretary : James Smith, Esq. Capii&l;, L50,000, in 1000 L50 ahnros. The town of Molbouroo having now be come of such groat importance and extent, and tho buildings oroctod, orin courRO of ereotiou, of vaoh oouaidorablo value, as nluo tho numbor of ibipping trading to and from Port Phillip with their vaiuablo cargnos, its booomoa neccBimry that means should be adopted aud moannroB takon to provido agaiiut tho gicat loss that may ariao from tho dreadfnl ravagos of firo on the ono hand, and tho dangers of tho sea on tho othor. The aharea woro in tolerably good domand, and auoli was the preliminary progrow made that . another mooting was hold on the 2nd AuguBt when tbe first anuual board of managomoot wAHolected; the differonoe between it and the provisional directory being the nubslitation of Messrs G, B, Smyth, F. A. Fowlott, Alox- .Thomson, R. Jrmioson, .T, O, Donuy, aud 0 Williams for Moairs S. J. Brownn, John Gardiner, W. F, Rnokor, J, Simpson, P. W« Welfhand W. H. Yaldwyn, Further obangos in tho personnel wove. oubsoquautly mado, Tho manager woe tbo samo Mr James Smith who bo nssidtfously. watohed ovor the infant : dettinics of tbo savings bank, Whatorer ho nndertook he stuQc' to with a zoat and porsevor- anco not to';' bo excelled. Though low bo -was sore and bonoat ns the sun, and any projeot with whioh he was responsibly associated, if it did not rise to an absolute aucossu, never descended to a dead failure, Tho Inmrauoo Ooinpany was con- daotod in tho samo offices as the Syings bank in Collitu strait west; and though ivnover did a large share of bnsiaeao it coutrivod to pay a dividend. It was not fatod to enjoy a long life; bnt whon it diod it gavo np tho ghost with a elear oonicienee, for it bad not muoh to answorfor. Though there woro then no suoh reocgntBed modee of putting out fires an : enginoB, brlga doa, andotho 'mains' audappli- nuco'j to obook or axtiuguish a oonfiagra- tien.tberowere few fires, and tba working e'xp6DBO» of tho oonuern were vory irnall ; for outside the managerial expenses no outlay was ir.curftd exoeptfor a few bucko to and ladders (not t o ba found wh&n; wonted) and a modorato remuneration ia tbo water-carters on doty. There woro six olnaaca of riiki at prexQiuma ranging from 5e Gd to 42s per oont. Loose trow, hay, or any kind of dry fodder knooklng about tho yards or streot oornoro wore a con- riant sonrcc of terror to tho manager for fenv of a fix 0 accident ; And if he saw aucli a thing as a haystack within a dczan yards of any premises insurod it asanmcd the proportions of a terrible bogie in biscyo?, and the fright laid him ap for a woek, To mako it worBO, tbo townspeople warn careless in this respect, and tho innkeopera and others uaod to pile np hay acdstrawiu the enclosure near thoir bousos. Mr Smiths alarm wont ou iucraasing;but be was restored to & comparative stato of comfort in March, 18-10, whon ho snccoedod in persuading hii board toissuea notice 'declaring tho iutro- \- ductiou of one or moro ricka of hay or s traw ! into tho immediate vicinity of a bntldiug or other proporty which has beon previously inaarod by tho company, if not duly notified and additional promium paid, a violation of tho policy and no snob risks would in f uturo be accepted.' Tbo rates of |prminmoo marine risks graduated from 1£ ; per cout to Lanncostoo to 3 por oent to j England. Towards tho .oloio of 18i2 .thore were two extensivo fires in Oollins street, which | gavo the compuny eucb a twist as It never got over, and tbe next year it ihnt up. It was said to ba tbe only ono of tho oarly compauios that :<waB ubloto roturn tho oapital iavootod. Tn 1840 there was established in Mvlbonrno a branch of Lloyd's Agency, - with Mossra -Arthur Willis nnd Co. as its representatives .and Mr David Goodsir aa snrvoyor, ; In 1841- tbo Australian Trust Company, io 1 "corporated by Royal Charter, with LI, 000,000 >upital, and a colonial board of directors at itydttoy, appointed Messra Montgorasry aud M'Craa ar itu Melbourne aolleitorfl. > In 1840 tharo was started in London tbe !AuitraIaaiau ColoniaI>ud General Life Assur ance and Annuity Company, with a capital of L200,000; and., in 1841 it opouod an agency at Melbourne undor tho control of Mr Alox< anderAndrew,with Dr E.C.Hobson aa ita local pbysioian. Iu loading features were dosoribed aa participation io the profits, and lowor rat«b of premium than thoBO of moat Booioties which do not givo proiita to the aieurod, Tho Meibonrne Fire and Marino Iaeuranco Booioty wai Btartsd in April 1817 with tho fol lowing provisional committee Messrs James SimpBon.Edmuud Weatby, Jouoph Raloigh W. F, Splatt, George Annand, Henry Moor ). Charles WilHainnoo, Jaue; Jaofcaon, F. G.' Dolgety; Isaac Buchanan, F. D. Wiokham, » nd Dr Thomas Black. It iiaue a preliminary address, in whlql"", wan declared a a reation for. ita oitftbliahn I .. that thero are at present abnnt 253G houuj. m ibo Town of Melbourne ; and it appaatH by ibo Censun, takon in February, 1846, with ihe.inorOMG since that period, that tbe pop ulation of Melbourne execods 12,000 soulBt with every prospeot of q rapid extonrion of the' Town amUuburbR, At tbe same time, a pro portionate inoreaBO in tbe other Towne of the Diatriot may bn reasonably anticipated, For some yoars past, tba only moans of effecting Insurances heio havo boen in the Cornwall Firo and Marino Insurance Company, oatab fished in Vau Dietnon'd Land, which dorivoa annually a large profit from ito oporutions in Port Phillip, Tho capital of tho Company was to be L50.000, namely'tQOO shares of L50 oaob, on which L10 por share was to bo paid on Qllot ment, but no fnrthor calls to be made, unless uch should becomo necessary by reason of l(>SS«f, \ Though this undertaking was inaugurated UDrtr.r thn auspices of inmo of thp bestbaniacs Ames in Melbourne, it oollapsed in a fa ft days D1 only 15 persons applied for shareT SB 405, aud ll»o prolimiuary eotnmitteab 'S tirmit od not to go on unloas tho wbola .l ® e .ud were takon up, (To bo continued,) hife 