8POSTI3NG TOPICS. Fsoh Sydney "Tout Ocla" wired as follows on Tuesday:— The new I now give about the sudden backing of First Water for a large stake for the Melbourne Cup will somewhat surprise tour readers. Moreover, tbe manner of gettiug the ruoner on was rather singular ; nor is it deemed to be over shrewd amongst knowing turfites. It happened as follows During the sottling et Sydney Tattersall's Rooms on Monday night, over (he Randwick Derby day, (be question was asked by Mr. William (Jannon whether tho assembled ring would lay bim a large earn against a horse in the Melbourne Cup not included amongst the favourites, offering to accept thousands to fifty, but not to name until sufficient had been booked to satisfy tbe stable. The desired arrangement met a quick response, and, after pencilling £25,000 or so, thn name of First Water (rnnspired, <o gonpral surprise, n® (he hero of the occasion. Before the commission left off, however, £43,000 was accepted at theonerate 5 another £2000, at the same price, which Mr. E. E. Jones proposed to lay lo make op the eveo £45 .000, being declined. The general opinion is that tbe same amount could have been secured at thousand to twenty or thirty had there been no mystery made about (he horse. It will be recollected tbst First Water, who won tho Australian Cup of 1881, when owned by Mr. File, of Adelaide, was purchased twelve months ago by Mr. J. Crozier, junr., and duty became the property of Mr. Thomas Bamfield, a well-to- do member of tbe South Australian ring, and formerly part owner of The Assyrian. Mr. Barnfield is now in Sydnev, having evidently come over to the Ratidwick races for the ex press purpoee of the sensational invest merits mentioned. Tbe lalest betting new I can tele graph from my preeent Sydney quarters is that Archie is being so strongly supported for the Flomington Derby that five to two is tho best offer, but Off Colour has plenty of friends at- 4 to 1. Le Grand has many fanciers for tbe Melbourne Cup at 100 to 3, and is certain to go over to your city. 44 Tout Cela " also writcs'from Sydoey : — A good deal of ungenerous and unfounded blame having attached to tbe Hon. James White owing to bis bavins decided to run the pen through tbe name of Despot for tbe Metropolitan, and of Martini-Henry for the A.J.C. Derby, it behoves me to tell the simple facts of each case. With re gard to Despot— who certainly finished a fair third in tue Hawkesbury Handicap of a mile and a half, but evidently tired at the end of a mile and three quarters gallop on the following Tuesday— there had been no , signs of any stable commission being executed in bis favour for the great Randwick event, and outside investors could therefore have only their own fancy to guide thom. How ever, information having reached Mr. White that Democrat's grey brother had been hur riedly backed in Melbourne for some £20,000, and the intimation being coupled with a rider 1 that the money had been got on wholesale, for the purpose of being retailed out to tho . public at a profit— he as quickly decided lo spoil what seemed to be 44 & nice little game," and instructed Mr. Clibborn last Wednesday noon, although scratcbings were not due until 4 p.m. on Friday. This prompt action prevented any further loss to those who had been bidding for "a pig in a poke," the actual acceptance or forfeit being a moot matter to that moment. I am in a position to mention, nevertheless, that the real circumstances were different from those represented to the horse's worthy owner, and on which he acted. A telegram has been shown me from the bookmaker who acted in Melbourne, wbicb says : " Tbe money got on about Despot was for an esteemed client, who says the loss serres him right for being in too great a hurry." Touching Martini-Henry being posted on tho course as a non-starter,' this by no means unexpected affair is only a further proof of the Hon. James White's punctilious desire that the public should not come to grief if he eoald help it. Tbe colt bad caught a cold in the middle of the week, through the singularly changeable weather, but it was hoped he would not suffer sufficiently therefrom to spoil what his fond friends thought a Tory rosy chance. Consequently, although no attempt was made to conceal a decrease in these hopes on the day previous to the blue riband contest, still, rather than throw up the sponge, so long as there was a ghost of a show to bring tho beautiful son of Sylvia to the post, he was kept in till nearly the lost moment. But the chuly afternoon caused suoh signs of coming catarrh that soon after one o'clock the dreaded scratching took place, and any wagers which had or might have been laid in the paddock were thus prevented from being lost. I sincerely sympathise with the " blue- and-white" pariv, but it will be recollected that in lost week's Sportsman a doubt was j hinted as to Martini facing tbe flag. Denying and disparaging remarks having reaohea me as to the averment (with reference to my sporting notes written in Sydney) 44 that Welcome Jack was coming over to take part in the Metropolitan, and had been backed by his lucky owner for a hit of money," I am bound to give a plain statement of a few indisputable faota. (1) Mr. Wagner, to my personal knowledge, took 1000 to 40 and 1000 to 50 in Melboorne; his friend Mr. Hall, of Gunnamulla fame, accepted another 1000 to 50 in Sydney ; and I have traoed abont £2000 more laid the same way amongst the N.S.W. books. (2) The horse was doing his work so well at Oaulfteld that his trainer, Haywood, by Mr. Wagner's consent, nominated him for nearly every event of importa&oe; at the present Randwick Meet" ing, as will seen by the published list of General Entries. (3) Heywood told me himself, three or four days before my lesviug Melbourne, that be should take the horae by train on the succeeding Saturday. (1) M. O'Brien, on whom tbe Canlfield stable has first call, came to N.S. Wales on purpose for the mount, and was at Randwick on the Tuesday morning (the day before Welcome Jack was scratched) in order to ride him a o&nter;, if required, after arriving by traio, aa then expected. (6) The horse was published in both local ; papers that evening a9 having aotually come. (6) Nobody seemed more surprised I than O'Brien at the eventual non-arrival a&d; earatohing. (7) I heard the horse backed in tbe rooms myaelf at 11 o'elookin the fornoon of the said Wednesday. Finally, the cause of Welcome Jack's not having left home after all was a severe strata he received wbilet having bis wind-up gallop at Oaul- field, and this news did not reach Sydney until after he had been scratched. Those who averred J that the horse had been so tick as never to leave hit box', and was not baoked for a shilling, " have mis-stated tbe facts. Tux oommittee of the Hawkesbury Race Club have fixed the dates of their Annual Autumn Meeting for the 3rd and 5th of April, and tbey have also decided that, on the coming oocarion, there shall be two stakes of £300, instead of ooly one, as before, each bring handicaps at different distances. Two youthful but well-respected members of the Victorian ring, Messrs. Oscar Barnett sad h. Zucker, hare returned, ria Sin Franoi-<co, from a trip to the old country, and put in their first reappearance at tho present Randwick Meeting. EtrTRZKS for the firwt races at the new suburban course at Moonee Valley— jut completed by Mr. Sam Cox in order to take the place of the long-popular Kensington Park— inuet be made before 4 p.m. to morrow, st tbe Victoria Hotel, Bourke- street west ; and it i to be hoped owner will nominate freely iu order to showtlirir goodwill toward the enterprise. Fariituiar of the programme o.au be seen in our adver tising columns. iHSbt iinpunmib numo IUIH<UD uurM<e, to be decided nxt year on the Oaulfield Course, r» quire attention next M oodar, 10th inst.i when the V.A.T.C. Secretary will receive nominations, up to 4 p.m., for the Criterion Stakes (to be run by two-year- old) at the March Meeting, and the Great Foal Stakes end tbe Caulfield Guineas at tbe October tryst. To the former of these 200 sov. is given, and to each of the latter 300 hovs. Owners of horses intended to run at tho Gouiburu (N.S.W.) Meeting, on the 2Gtb and 2Sth inst., arc reminded that general entries close next Tuesday, the llth. Mb John Tatt, to the cordial delight of bis numerous friends in tbe sister-colonies, has quite recovered from his recent indis position, and was as jovial as ever at Rand wick last Saturday. 