Original Contributions. SPRINGWOOD. I THINK, Mr. Editor, you must have forgot ten that there is such a place as Spriug wood on the Bluo Mountains, and as I havo no desire that oiu' beautiful and flourishing village should be treated with such indignity and as the Sparrow is mute, I will try and give you a short history of late events. Last Saturday we had a juvenile cricket match. The youngsters of Emu Plains sent a challenge to the Springwoodites, which the captain-Master Edgar Tanner gallantly accepted, although they had no club formed at the time, but on the spur of olio moment collected and organised a team of his school mates, and fought valiantly for Victory, but lost by one run and one wickot, which is considered very fair for our team, consider ing it was their first fight. . Tliey had no practice, and the Emu team is a first-class one. However, our boys say they will do better next time. Next comes an entertainment given by our glorious old friend, Blossom. May his shadow never bo loss.; I, don't know what we should do without him. Tlip entertain ment was given in a magnificent" hall, ton feet by twelve, brilliantly illuminated by the electric light, and gaily docked out with flags and ferns. The large building was crowded by the elite of the neighbourhood, and I noticed many very striking costumes. The first to appear on the stage: was the famous Blossom, who sang " Golden Square," but lrom the tone of his voice, I feel convinced that he was thinking of " Coal Square." No. 2, Ouckoo, appoar'od and treated the audienco to a song, " Bitter Beer." If the boor is judged by that song, I think the temperance societies will have an easy victory over tlioso who were pre sont. No. 8, The "Wren, gave "Perhaps she's on the railway." His voice sounded much like a railway whistle. No. 4, Ground Parrot, sang, " Thou art so near, and yet so far," and all I can say is, that I wished him further away. No. , 5, the Magpie, in a weak voice challenged any . one present to stand on the tail of hiB coat, but as lie had no coat on, of course no one could take up the gage. No. 6, Leatlierhead, sang some thing, but as I suppose his tongue is formed of tho same material as is his head, I could . not toll what on earth it was. Tho orcliestro consisted of ono violin and ono tanibo. Paginino was as thin and, as palo as a ghost, but Tambo made up for him in flesh and color, and for the life of me I could not tell whether Tambo was playing on a tambo or on his own rather prominont stomach. The ontertainmont .finished by a grand dance introduced for tho first time by Blossom ; but words fail me in describ ing the various movements in it, all I can say is that it is quite original, and ono re markable foature of it is that tlio dancers, insteadjof ^dancing on their toes, dance on their heels, so you can imagine the easy graceful pootry of motion exhibited by the performers. The only drawback was tho non-appearanco of Richard and his son Princo Thomas with their " musical boxes," whom Blossom had set down in the pro gramme for two " musical box solos," and ono duot. I bolieve their highnessos sent an apology for not appearing. It soomod tliat by some mishap their " musical boxos" got out of tune, so if you know a tuner give him a hint to nialco tracks for liore. I am happy to say that tho boring for coal at Munantia is steadily progressing. I noticed that Mr. M'Gulloch's now mansion is near its completion. Again at Faulcon bridge I see that Mr. J. W. Watson, of Pitt stroot, Sydney, is building a handsome villa. I am glad to soo that the long promised and needed railways tation is about to become u reality. I must now say good byo. . I rornrin, yours, &o.;, KING FISHER. .r.b.-i. supposo tlie sparrow would nave written you an acoount of Blossom's Ball, only he was, I think, one of the performers.. 