THE GHOST OF LESSLAND PAKE. A TRUE STORY. HE "eligible building allotments and villa sites " in the Lessland Park Estate were advertised for sale by public auction. The owners and the auctioneers were in high hopes as to the prices likely to be realised, when their pecuniary hopes were dashed to the ground by the appearance of a supernatural visitant. Intending purchasers took their wives and families to look at the villa sites. As a rule they went down in the gloaming, when the day's toil was over, and were horrified out of any intention of purchasing by the appearance of the Ghost of Lessland Park. The intending purchasers fled shrieking, and would as soon have purchased a villa site in the centre of a cemetery as invest in a building lot over which a "real live ghost" had the right of ingress, egress, and regress. Every evening the ghost appeared regularly to terrify any person who came to look at the land with a view to purchase. The auctioneers and owners were in despair. They couldn't understand it, for the title was a certificate, and the document contained no mention whatever of any encumbrance in the way of a ghost. Still the sale was advertised and must take place. Eight up to the date the ghost walked, and, as might have been expected, when the auctioneer commenced enumerating the many beauties of Lessland Park villa sites, he did it to an attendance of one buyer. ' Mr. Smith didn't mind ghosts—he rather liked them. Any reports of ghosts didn't frighten him out of his intention of purchasing. One after another the lots were knocked down to Mr. Smith at nominal prices, for as there was no bidding and "no reserve" he obtained the land for a mere-nothing. The result was that Mr. Smith became the purchaser of the whole of the villa siteB in Lessland Park. Strange to say the purchase by Mr. Smith completely laid the ghost. " I arranged to give you five pound's for the job," said Mr. Smith, to the ghost, over a friendly glass. "You did," replied the ghost, as he looked towards his employer, " and ten pounds if you got the whole of the land cheap.' " Just BO. There's your ten pounds. As I've got the land the ghost walks to the tune of a couple of five pound notes ; but the ghost needn't walk any more, because I want to sell the villa sites at a good profit. You can keep that sheet and head in memory of this job." "Very good, sir," said the ghost." "perhaps it will come in handy again in case you want to buy any more land cheap." The auctioneers and owners are still puzzling their brains to account for the mysterious fact that the ghost only walked up to the day of sale, and vanished when Mr. Smith became the owner of Lessland Park Estate. AN AMERICAN SETTLES.—"Gin sling." THE GAMBLER'S DINNER.—Pot luck. 