Turf Talk. i I . BY MAKTINDAM. Àlil» kinda of sporting folk must have felt tho time drag very wearily during .tho last seven days. Tho weather has been most uncomfortable, and with nothing to engngo ono's attention I almost \vishod for another six days' walk, for at tho last ono such a numbor of our turfites were to be found in tho hall, that it would have been quite a relief. However, tho week, and I hope the bad weather, has departed, and we may look for bettor things. Tho coming weok includes the natal day of our good sovereign lady tho Queen, and as we aro all most loyal subjects, tho holiday is Büro to he well kept, By our list of fixtures it would appear that tho sport of kings is to form ainost important feature. In tho metropolis therois no dqnht .hut that the very attractive pro gramme issued by the Sydney Turf Club will receive the groatest amount of patronage,.as well it should, for a better day's racing than it promises to give ha3 rarely been placod before the public. Excellent entries have beon rooeived for oach event, while tho first forfeits for tho two principal handicaps did not reduce those events in such a way that good fields may not be expected. Owing to the bad weather I hayo not as'yot paid Rand wick training gronnds a visit, so that I am com pletely in the dark as to tho condition of thovarious horses. However, my readers expeot an opinion as to what will'win, and to tho best of my ability I will tell them, but circumstances make tho business somewhat rirky. Tho second forfeits, which aro duo on Tuesday next, may also alter tho position of affairs. I will first deal with tho Royal StakeB of six furlongs, in which at tho time of writing thero are 44 horses. Morpeth heading tho list with Oat 71b, whilo Belvidere and Lord of the Lake bring up tho rear with G3t. It is quito unnecessary for mo here to go into tho mattor at any great length. At 9st 71b Morpeth has 111b over hÍ3 weight-for-ago, and though I think him ono of the speediest animals wo have, tho weight appears to be a trifle . too much. With Dst Kings worth just got homo in front of Morceau (Sst) in the Flying Handicap at tho late A. J.C. meeting in 1min 16sec. For this win ho has been penalised 51b, whilo Morceau, who was only beaten by him a Bhort head, ha3 71b moro on her back. This Í3 most oven handicapping, and I expect to see both horses again so close together that thero will bo nothing to choose between them, though I must say I liko tho filly for choice Soldier Boy in that race was beaton a length by tho ahovementionod pair, ho having Sst 41b. This timo he receives a pound môro, sp that he is meeting Kingsworth on 41b and the filly Clb better terms, which ßhould fully make up for his length beating, and with a good say in the Btart, if in the same form he should beat thenw Yenice ran fourth with 8st, BO that I do not think the 21b she has off her baok will put her up with the first three. Gloucester with Sst 21b in that race finished still further away, so that he was fully entitled to a reduction, but hardly to tho Clb less "that Mr. Scarr allotted him. Of the others that contested in that event, and are in the one under notice, are Raven, Polly John, and Lord of the Lake. Raven has boen reduced 131b, Polly John 121b, and Lord of the Lake 91b, so that they cannot but be satisfied. Hypatia with 9st 3lb I think is hardly good enough, and I doubt Off Colour's coming all the way, from Victoria to carry Ost 21b in this event. Creswick will no doubt bo reserved for the Cup race. Jessio I do not think will bo trouble some, unless in her very best form. Snrry's best performance over the distance appears to be when ho won tho ¡shorts with Sst, but on that performance both Kingsworth and Morceau should beat him. Saionara, Josephine, and Westbury I do not care for. I do not yet romember having seen All Silk run, so must pass him over, though his breading is first-class. Valetta is another of those uncertain ani mals that no dépendance can bo placed in, but Hawthornden, with 7st 71b, roads very well, and has met with somo support in the betting market. Faust, at 21b lesa, must bo very dangerous, if brought to the post and backed by his party, but I havo not soon him for it long time. From thoso bolow this weight I do not think wo may look for the winner, though Jack of Clubs and Raven may run vory forward. Ry tho above it will bo soon that I like best Gloucester, who may bo attended home by Venice,- Morceau and Kingsworth. For tho Quoen'ß Birthday Cup, of ll mile, nothing looks BO woll on paper as Cunnamulla, with 8st 91b, a pound loss than his stablo companion Stockdale, who ran homo in front last weok at Dubbo with 9st 31b, beating tho old one-eyed Saunterer by half a length, whilo Twelve Years was only a head away, third. With 71b off his back ho is bound to run well forward, and must again boat Sauntoror, who has only 31b less, and I should not bo at all sur prised to seo Twolvo Years beat both of them, seeing that ho has 01b loss. At Sst 101b I think Ad Valorem is just about stopped, and I prefer tho chance of Creswick at tho weights. Rainbow, with 7st 41b, appears to bo fairly treated. I will now pass on to tho two country horses, Normanby Gat 61b, and Ascot Gat 41b. They are both irood animals, the latter especi ally so, and gives promise of being a really first- class horse with age. At tho late Dubbo mooting, with 7st 71b, ho finished a doad heat with Normanby, 7st 21b, in tho two milo handicap, with Twelve Years, 6st 71b, oloso up to them, third. Tho two mile3 woro covered in 3min 37ROC, a very meritorious per formance for this throe-yoar-old, who_ will now only have Gst 71b in tho saddlo, including the 31b penalty for his doad boat at Dubbo. Should a skil ful pilot, such as Donald Nicholson bo retained, this strapping son of Kelpie and Tho Thorn will take some boating. From tho others below them little troublo need be expected, except from old Saunterer, who, when in racing humour, takes a deal of beating with only 6st in the saddlo. From the above it will be seen that I favour mo3t Cunnamulla and Ascot, and to plump right out, I prefer the chance of Ascot, followed by Cunnamulla and Twolvo Years. Of the othor events it is not necessary hora to go into detail. In tho country, meetings will bo hold at Murrurundi, Nowcastlo, Shellharbour, Ulmarra, Glen Inno«, Bourke, and Hartley. The meeting at tho last namod township will bo under tho auspices of the Hartloy District Jockey Club. This is their first vonturo. I wish them overy success. NextFriday tho gonoral entry for tho opening inoet ting of tho newly-formed Mudgee Tattersalls' Racing Club closes. Nominations must reach tho secretary, Mr. G. II. Hill, boforo G p.m., or they will not bo received. Weights for the principal handicaps will bo made known to-day, acceptances being duo on Fri day next. Acceptances for tho Cobar Jockey Club Handicap and Town Plato aro due on Monday next. By tho acceptances rocoivod for tho Brisbane Cup and Moreton Handicap, it would appear as if tho coming mooting of tho Quoonsland Turf Club, on Thursday and Saturday next, at Brisbane, will not bo so interesting as at first anticipated. From tho tone of tho leading sporting writors it would appear as if Logacy and Riotor wore likely onough to share tho good things. Bowovor, I hopo to hear of good racing. Tho second forfeits for tho Sydney Turf Club's Royal Stakes and Queen's Birthday Cup, aro due on Tuosday next. At a meeting of tho Tamworth Jockey Club mem bers held last weok, it was stated that tho club wore ¿£100 in debt. There aro, however, several member's snbscriptious duo. It was decided to hold a two day's meeting in the spring, when it is thought that good prizes will be announced,. Boveral gentlemen having promised largo donations. In our advertising columns this issue will be found a lengthy announcement from tho well-known auctioneers, Messrs. A. Phillips and Co.. of tho salo of Mr. Basil Gray's Welaregang stud. The salo is to take placo on Juno 4, at Welaregang, when tho'whole of tho stud, consisting of 22 lota, will be submitted to auction. Amongst tho number aro some very well bred animals, viz., Saunterer, by Stockowner from Roso do Florence ; Brevis, by Maribyrnong from Lethe; Miss Cleeland, by Kelpie from Flour-do lis ; Margareta, by Tho Pearl-Countess ; Tho Press, by Argus Scandal-Panacoa. Almost all the mares aro iu foal. Amongst tho horses to be put up aro Bondcmoer, Bolivar, Lord of tho Valley and Ennui, several having important engage ments. I would rocommond my readers to poruse tho announcement put forth by the auctioneers." A complimentary race meeting is to be tendered to Mr. Samuol Blackwell, at Milton Mowbray, Tas mania, on May 31. Mr. Blackwell is an old resident of Milton Mowbray, and was tho importer of Panic, a horso who has rendered his name famous throughout Australia. It hus boon announcod that tho annual steeplechase mooting in connection with tho Goolong Racing Club will, this year, bo hold about tho first Saturday in August. Mr. T. Woodhouse has paintod a first-class por trait of Tho Assyrian to the order of Mr. Agnow, of Tasmania. Tho conditions of the Great Metropolitan Stakes have been mado public. They arc similar to thoso of last year. Nominations closo on June 4. Our good friends of Tattersall's Club aro onco moro to tho foro with their August programmo. Tho full list will bo found elsewhere, by which" it will bo seen that thore aro fivo events to bo contested, and, as nothing under 100 sovs aro given to any event, wo may bo sure that our frionda of tho " long room " will be well patronised by horse owners. Tho richest stake of tho day is a half-milo spin for 2-yoar-olds, tho club adding 150 sovs. All entries close OH August 1. Messrs. Norman Wilson, George Russell, J. T. Sleep, and A. M. Greenfield havo been elected to sorvo on tho committoo of tho Ballarat Turf Club, vico liar tin Loughlin, R. Wynne, and Andrew Chirn sido, resigned. Tho Hon. H. Cuthbert and Mr. A. M. Greenfiold wero elected trustees of tho Dowling Forest racecourse. Our telegraphic department has been operating açain, and with a vengeance, it would seem. It ap pears that several of our city betting folk were taken in about Stmg. Somo one got word that ! V Sting had won the Adelaide Cup, and euch goodW' use was made of it that several wagers were booked after tho race was won. It Í3 a very simple mattet^ for Tattersalls Club to declare all such wagers ofrjk>. if it can be proved that they were made after thd \ time tho race was rnn. It is said that Mr. J. Bc Oliffe, M.L.A., and Mr. H. Lovien, H.L.A., areIn take the matter in hand. From Adelaide I learn that The Plunger ha*' changed owners, having been sold to Mr. Hunter for," 1000 guineas. Little Jack has also gone into the pos session of Mr. Weekes, at 300 sovereigns. The following additional race clubs and meeting* havo been registered under the A. J.C. new rules :-< Newcastle Jockey Club, Quambone Jockey Club, Bur' rowa Jockey Club, Pilliga Racing Club, Clarence Tat« tersall's Jockey Club, Rylstone Jockey Club, Moonbi Jockey Club, Albert Goldfields Jockey Club, Collect, Bluo Race Meeting, Bega District Jockey Club, Hay New Year's Raco Club, Hay Oddfellow's Gala Race Club, Morpeth Raco Meeting, Burrawang Race Club, Kangaroo Valley Race Club, Glen Innes Jockey. Club. . Mr. Wakloy, who has so ably filled tho position ot honorary secretary to tho Bendigo Jockoy Club, hal resigned his position, bia business preventing him giving tho necessary attention. Ho will still act oni tho committee. . ) A two days' meeting is announced to take place at . Casino, under tho auspices of the Riehmond River' . Turf Club, on August 2 and 3. A detailed account of tho Bligh Amateur Meeting, will be found elsewhere. Tho sport appears to have* been first-class, and woll attended. Tho following horses havo boen transferred from,' Mr. D. Proudfoot to Mr. John Monday :-Theî Demon, Prioresa, Bristol, and a chestnut filly named/ Artistic. In our business columns will bo found tho con« ditiona of tho Hawkesbury Handicap, Guineas, and? Mares* Produce Stakes. In tho conditions of thesef Btakes there are Borne alterations on pa-st years. The] Handicap, is the same aa usual with ita 300 sovs o£l added money, but 50 guineas have been added to the! Guineas to go to second horso, and 25 guineas to tho) third. Under the old conditions the second horse only/ receivod 25, and tho third nothing, so that they ara; * good additions to the stake, while the entry fee it( unaltered. Tho Prodnco Stakes has also receivod aa, additional ¿825, which is to bo cut up between thf/ second and thifd horses. Tho committee have also dod oidod upon omitting the penalties1 for winning th* A.J.C. Champagno and Siros' Produoe Stakes. Nominations for the Hawkosbury Handicap dose June 2. Only fivo horsoe havo been entered for the Ulmarra Handicap, to bo run at tho local meeting on Thurs« day next. The weights are as follows :-Rosemary,. ? Sst ; Rataplan, 7st 61b ; Sir Edward, 7st 51b ; Prince Imperial, 7st 21b ; and Victor, Sst 121b. If this meet ing is registered I would call the attention of the officials to tho fact that tho new rules state that no horso shall carry less than 6st in any handicap on the flat. Consequently these weights will have to be re»' adjusted. Tho Now Zoaland horse, Sir Modrcd, which arrived' on Monday last, will be trainod by J. Alsopp. I have beon informed that the committee of tho Clarence River Tattersalls Jockey Club have drawn up an excellent one-day's programme to bo run off otu the Saturday following tho CR.J. Club's annual gathering. It has not yet been made public. Great preparation is being made at Mudgeo for thrf coming meeting, which opens on May 31. Several vor y useful improvements are under weigh on th« course-tho saddling paddock is being enlarged, and tho committee have decided upon having no division in tho grand stand, so that visitors can seat them« solves whorë they like. In writing bf tho morning gallops dono at Eagli Farm, " Pegasui" in tho " Queenslander" Bays Centnrion is looking and going well, and should af least run into a place for tho Cup. Mr. RuthorfordV * team wero the observed of all observers, and theil excellent ' condition rofleota great credit on then.' trainor, W. Carter. Gloncoo has furnished into ai magnificent horse, and, though his stylo of going i& not a taking ono, he appears to got over tho ground! at a great paco. Gipsy King and Capitulator were J only indulged with slow work. Tho Epigram colt shaped very well ; ho has grown tremendously sinoa I last saw him, and must now stand as nearly as pos-» - I sible 16.2. He is a good mover, and, as far asap-* pearanoos go, is much superior to Gipsy King, who ia by comparison rather a small and wiry-looking oustomor. liiddlomarch, at one timo in Fonnelly's stable, has boen handed over to the care of A. Davies. He has boen leased by Mr. H. Alfred from Mr. Prell, his owner. According to tho "Australasian" the Victorian Trotting Club are making another bid for popularity, and wo trust their enterprise will command a liberal . " response. The latest idea is an Australian Sires' Produce Stakos, hoing a sweepstakes of 25 sovs each 1 ; from sires, with 5 sovs each from all foals the pro* duce of tbe said sires, got in tho season of 1883. Tha, . event is to bo trotted for at the spring meeting of th« V.T.C. in 1887 ; . milo heats, best two in three.1 Meanwhile sires are to be namod on Juno 1 noxt en-i ' . suing, and foals named and desoribod on August 1- . 1885\. Mr. Gibney will reçoive tho entries on thi dates mentioned. > . . From tho name sourco I learn that John Perkins, ?>? who for some years, up to last y/oek, was stud groom, to Mr. Phillips, at Bryan Q'Lynn, has commenced! ? business as publie trainer. He has taken stables at Moonee Ponds. His former employer startB him with a quartotto of yearlings by Newminster, viz., a colt ) from Commotion's dam, a lilly from Adelaide, a colt ^ from Arcanium (imp.), and a colt from Pattie. Mt. Phillips also sends a 2-year-old colt, Villiers, by Purnim-Torosa, and another by Aphany-Arco nium. F. Long has made arrangements with Mr. M. ' Bryant to take charge of two'of hia yearlings. They, aro colts, both by Tim "Whiffler, from Pattie and Cantata. Long has now also in work The Ghost, Cavalier, Rory (2 years, by Irish King), Timidity*,/' a yoarling colt by Julian Avonel-Princess, and twox or throe others, so that his string will soon assume decent proportions. From a New Zealand paper I learn that Palm« bearer, who ran second to Sir Bevys for the Epsom Derby of 1879, and had been purchased in England for that colony, died on the voyage. An English sporting writer says:-"The jar and '[ c vibration and other disturbing forces to which race horses are oxposod who travel by rail are no longer necessary evils, sinco Mr. D. Gaussen hag appeared, on tho scone with his plan of padding the floor and sides of railway horse-boxca, as well as tho ceiling. - * Indiarubber sheets aro moulded and vulcanised into. ' ". corrugations. Tho stronger and moro substantial patterns aro for floo?s. whilo tho moro supple aro foi sides or ceiling. By affording a firm lovel substance to stand on the legs and feet aro relieved, and tht compound elasticity, vertical as well as horizontal, counteracts tho effects of oscillation. Then, again, the material being non-absorbent, tho box is kept -, perfectly sweet, aud can be disinfected after each journey by the simple uso of the water-hose. The Derby, the Oaks, and tho Two Thousand Guinea» * * Jrinnèra of 1882 last year travelled in boxes wit ¿hese fittings, and for hunters they aro a great boon ir hen railed to and from distant meets. Tho Walgett J ockey Club have this issno favoured tis with the full programme for a two days' meeting, io be held on Juno 10 and 21. Five events are down for decision on each day. The principal handicaps pave already closed, so that I havo only to tell that the general entry takes place on Juno 10. Anglesey, Joker, and Tichborne arrived in Albury ÎnWodnosday, from whence they joumeyedjto Sydney y tho Thursday's mail train. Juno 27 has boen fixed upon as tho dato for tho run ning off of tho Lower Clarence Turf Club's annual meetinff. A roferenco to our advertising columns will give full particulars. On Wednesday tho weights for tho minor events of jthe Sydney Turf Club's mooting wero made publia. ,ïn the Ladies' Bracelet I liko best Schemer, whüe .Avalanche looks very well in for tho Hurdle Race. ?Manfred should about win tho May Stakes, and Brian Boru tho Soiling Race. j 