TALES AND SKETCHES. DONAL GRANT/ B? GEORGE MACDONALD. AninoKos Alec.Fordes, Malcolm, &c.;, Ac. Chapter XX. Had Donal Grant's own dignity in the eycB oi othors been with liim a matter of impor tance , ho would liavo loft the castlo the mo- >nent ho had cot his things togothor ; hut ho thought much moro of Davio, and muoh more t poor Eppie. What was to bo done for her ? There was little good to bo expected from such a marriage, but was it likely the marriage would ever take place? Was ho at liberty to lavor it any moro than to oppose it. Ho. was Jn tho caatle in tho pay of tho lord of tho castle — not aa tho friend of tho cobbler or his grand-daughter ! It would bo tronclierons . ,? j er "10 message first given him and tlion withdrawn, _ so warning tho fellow to etcal a Dl"0'1. on bis fathor, and many tho girl ere ho Mold intofero ! At tho samo time ho had told tho earl that lie would remain in tho castlo in order partly to do what ho could forEpple. to break off tho affair in any way wonld bo eana'ly satisfactory to Lord Morven ! First of ", 0 must eeo Andrew C'omin again — tho rather that ho was anxious about him after o onE" treatment he had received, which ho 3K A®" ,he '"><1 'net in seeking to the town. hastened therefore to B"t y''n he reached the bottom of the hill there at the gate was Forgue, walking up and down as if waiting for some one— It rafrht be i"0, ' 14 lm?ht hc Eppio. lie would have "hlswa" ati0n" bHt 1"r3U'PP«1 un5So«"iti',?UwoS,10uW m3 lor'', If 'on do not yot under stand me, it cau scarcely bo my fault. I have mtplain'mjaclf!""' b#th .-Wv# nd to "Come, come! No jesting ! '.The time is not suitable. What did iny father soy 5" 1 1 i deliver to your lordship a message which, at ono part of our Interview, he gavo me for yon, had- 1 not two reasons against doing so— one that I believe lie was not of tho same mind at its olosc, and tho other that 1 have made up my mind not to serve him or you in tho matter so far even as to -take a message between you," ' < "Then you intend neither to- meddle nor make. ' ; . , . " That is my affair, my lord;;- I have not confidence "n f tak!ns youl' lol'<lship into my " Don't be unreasonable, now, Do get down , ,,you„r high horse. Can't you understand a fellow. Everybody can't keep his temperas yon do 1 Believe me, I menu the girl no harm." " I will hold no further conversation with ynv And I give you warning that whatever yon insist on saying to mo against my will, I will use against you without the least scruple, should.occasion offer, in the cause of Eppie or liey friends." _ A® he spoke he caught a Took on Forcue'o c,. snd pcrcoived a chango in his manner ; And rt struck him tliat it was not for him but lor Eppio ho hnd been waiting. He turned at once and went back towards the castle. If she were on her way to join Forgue, lie might meet her. Forgue called after him, but he did not heed him ; oa if ho hod forgot something he hastened baok'up tho hill, But not so much as rustle of mouso or bird did ho hear as ho went. He lingered about the top of tho road for half au hour, but no one appeared. He turned and went back to the gate, but no one was there or near it. It was of no use applying to Mrs. Brookes ; except she locked the girl np she could not keep her if she was set on going j neither was he at all desirous she should remain. If she could not bo restored to tha caro of her grandparents, there was nothing elso to be done I Again ho set out to go to Andrew Cousin, and bold with him and his wife a consultation. He found the old woman in great distress : not merely was she Bore troubled concerning tiie child — bIig was not so able as hor hus band to think philosophically about the sad affair — but she had his condition also to mako her unhappy, for the poor man was suffering great pain, so qiuch that the moment Donal saw him he went without a word to fetch medical aid. The doctor said there was a rib broken, got liim to bed, bound iiim up, and. sent him some medicine. All done that could bo done, Donnl sat down to watch besido him. He lay very still, with closed eyes and a white face. But so patient was ho that the very pain seemed to find utteraueo in a kind of blind smile. Donal did not know much nbout pain ; he could read in that look the devotion of tho man to thfr-iv'ill of liim whose being Was his peace, but he did not know above what depths of suffering his faith lifted him, and held him hovering as it were in safety. For that faith brought him into contact with the life itself. It is not tho faith that is the sav ing power, but tho eternal life Jn whose arms it enables us to lie. Then in closest contact with the divine, the original relation restored, the source once more holding its IbsuO, the divine lovo is pouring itself into the dsepest vessel of tho man's being, itself but a vessel for tho holding of the diviner and divinest. If this be so, who can wonder if even in keenest pain a man should bo able to smile? There are few who have reached that point of health that they can laugh at disease, but are there none? Let no mnn say that because ho cannot, therefore no one can. The old woman, too, was very calm, only every now and then she would lift her hands and shake her bead — and look as if the universe were going to pieces, liecauso her old man lny there broken by tho band of the ungodly. And, doubtless, if lie had lain there forgotten, or the ill had befallen him because ho was forgotten, then indeed tho universe would have been going to pieces. When he coughed, and the pain was keenest, every pang seemed to go through her body to her heart. Lore is as lovely in tho old as in tho young — lovelier when in them, as often, more sympathetic and unselfish, that is, true. Donal could not loavo her to the labor of watching tho night long, Ho wrote to Mrs. Brookes, telling her ho would not be home that night, but would bo back to breakfast in the morning ; and, having found a messenger at tho inn, (nadc his arrangements to watch through tlio night. It glided quiotly over, Andrew Blept a good deal, and seemed to bo having pleasant visions. Ho was proving something of tho yet unox- plored meaning of tho words, "Ye shall be saved." Sometimes his lips would move as if he were holding talk with friendly soul. Once Donal beard the murmured words, "Lord, I'm a' yer ain and after that ho noted his Bleep grew deeper ; nor did he wako till the day began to dawn, when be asked for something to drink. Seeing Donal, and perceiving that he had been by his bedside all tho night, ho thanked him with a smilo and a little nod, which somehow served to bring to Donal's memory certain words Andrew had spokon on another occasion : " there's ano, an' there's a' ; an' the a' Vane, an' tho ano's a'." When Donal reached tho castlo, lio found Ids breakfast Waiting him, and Mrs. Brookes, too, waiting to help liim to it, and let him know something that had taken place, which also concorncd his friends. Eppie, she said, had the night bofore como in from tho garden, and meoting her in the passage had burst into tearB ; but she could get nothing out of her, and had sent her .to her room. This morning Bbo had not oomo down at tho propor time and when bIio sent after hor did not como. Thon slio went up herself, and found her in a strange mood. She would explain nothing, only do- olarod hersolf determined to leavo the castlo that very day, and slio was now packing her tilings to go ; nor did Mrs. Brookes seo any good in trying to prevent hor. Work was worthlosa when tho heart was out of it, Donal agreed witli lier, and said if only she would go home, there was plenty for lier to do there, for lier grandfather was in bod witli a broken rib, and very feverish : old people's bones were brittle, and not easy to mend ! There would bo plenty to do before tlicy got liim round again. Mrs. Brookes agreed it wonld be tho best thing for lier to go home, where slio would bo looked after by those who" li'iid a better right : and a smaller house. 'The girl would nevcr db at tho castlo, it was clear I - For her part sho wonld not keep her now if slio wero to beg to stay ; it was evident some nonsense was yet' sticking , in her head tliat would breed lier grief, and she would rather it: did hot arrive while she wsb under her charge ! Donal asked if she -could seo that she went home. Mrs. Brookes said she would take hor home hersolf, adding, ' ' , ' " The lass is no an ill ane j she's but hitoy-; titey, an dizna ken wliat she wad be at. She wants somo o'. the Lord's ain disciplcen, I'm thirikin I" "An' that ye may bo sure she'll get, Mistress Brookes," said Donal, Managed by the housekeeper, Eppie readily yielded, aud was even readier to go home to help her grandmother nurse lier grandfather than alio had expected. For the poor girl ex pected the whole thing would presently be known, and was in terror of Lord Morven, whom everybody in the cnstlo feared— except Mrs. Brookes and Donal — it would have been difficult to say precisely why, or what sliapo the fear took : I think it camo in part of their seeing him so seldom ; he had como nearly to represent tho ghost, said to issue (rem tho in visible room and haunt tho castle. It made it the easier for her to go homo that hor grand mother would be glad of her help, and that her grandfather, of whom she was more afraid, would not bo able to eay much to her. With all her faults she was an affec tionate girl, and was concerned to hear of tho state of hor grandfather — the more that, if she did not know, she must havo suspected some thing of how ho had mot with his accident — a tiling she would feel more than she would re sent ; for tho love of being loved is suoh a poor inspiration, than the greatest injustice from the dearest to the next doarest will by some natures be easily tolerated. In ourselves God help us I wo are a mean set — and meanest the man who is ablest to justify himself 1 Mrs. Brookes having got ready a heavy basket of good things for Epplo to carry home to her grandmother, and I suspect having made it tho heavier for the sake of punishing Eppio a little, Bet out presently to take her homo, saying to herself, " Tho jaud wants a wheen harder wark nor I lia'e ever hauden til her han' ! Her to bo settin' up for company to the young lord I She's but a cart-horse, an' i' tho shafts she's gang what I liao left o' the cawin' o' her 1" But slio was kindly received, and without a word of reproach, by her grandmother. The invalid Bmiled to her when she camo near his bedside, and tho poor girl turned away to con ceal the tears she could not repress. She loved lier grandparents, and she loved the young lord, and she could not get tho two loves to dwell peaceably in her mind togothor — a com mon difficulty with our weak, easily divided, hardly united natnrcs — frangible, friable, easily distorted, easily coming to pieces ! It needs no less than God Himself, not only to unite us to ono another, but to join up tho ill-fitting, roughly broken portions of our individual natureB. Tearfully but diligently Eppie set about tho dutioa laid upon her — no worse than if she had belonged to the house all the time ; and not only the heart, but the bones and sinews of her grandmother wero relieved by her presence and diligence. Sho was very gloomy, and wept not a little, but was never theless diligent, and doubtless found Borne refuge from anxious thonght in tho service she rendered. What she Baw as probable prospect for her future, I cannot say ; but for tho pre sent she was parted from hor lover, in whoso faithfulness her utmost confidence ono hour was dashed by huge uncertainty the next. The faith of feeling will always be a thing of moods, whether its object bo God or man. But her grandmother rejoiced over her as out of harm's way. Chapter XXL Up at the caatle things fell into their old routine. Nothing bad been arranged betwean Lord Forgue and Eppie, and his lordship soemed content that things should be as they wero. Mrs. Brookes let him know tliat Eppio bod gono home ; ho mode neither remark nor further inquiry, and indeed manifested no in terest in the matter. It was well his father should not boo it necessary to push things further. Ha had tald him his mind, and so re lieved himself ; bnt lie did not want to turn out of the castle. Without means, what was he to do ? He had pledged himself to nothing; but tho marriage could not bo to-day nor to morrow. And In the meantime, hc could, whilo she was at homo, soa her perhaps even more easily than at the castlo! lie would coutrivo I As to the old follow, ho was sorry he had hurt him, but he could not holp it ; if he would got in tho way, how could ho ? Ho had to get rid of the tutor ! Tilings would havo been much worse if lie had not gat first to liis father 1 He would now wait a bit, and seo what would turn up ! For the tutor fellow, ho must not quarrel with him down right ! No good would come of that ! In the end ho would havo liis way in spito of thera all ! But even what he wanted hc did not know. Ho only know, or imagined, that lie was over head and ears in lovo with tho girl ; what was to come of it was all in the cloudB. He bad said he meant to marry her, but to that he wns, more than he know himself, urged by the desire to csc&po; the contempt of tho tutor he scorned ; he thought ha had at least dis comfited him. He had little doubt that if he did marry Eppio, or any ono olso of whom his fathor did not approve, lie liad nothing to look for from him but tho freedom of absolute poverty ; and as he did not know any way to mako or to earn money, he was not prepared to defy him immediately — whatovor lie might do by and by. Ho said to himself ho was willing to work for his wife if he ouly know how j but ho had noithor any predilection for a special profession, any gift in ono art or in anothor, nor indood always a clear vision, when ho said so, of Eppie as the wifo in prospect. And, alas, it would take years ore lio would be ablo to earn even a woman's wages I It wonld bo a fine thing, no doubt, for a lord to labor like a common man for the support of the child of tho pooplo whom ho liad mado liis wife, and for whoso sake ho liad sacrificed everything, but where was tho dawn of a possi bility of doing so ? It is hardly to be wondered at that suoh a ono as Forguo should, when thoughts like these grew too_ many for him, wish he had never seen tho girl. His heart would doubtless immediately reproach him, but he would thereupon at once comfort his conscience by saying to it that to wish he had never seen her was a very different tiling from wishing to undo what was. In the meantime, he loafer! about as much as he dared, haunting thehbuss where she wuS, in- the hope of fall- ing in with her, bnt not once presuming to enter it even in the dark ; but for many days Eppio never went out of doors except into the garden at the back, and hc never even saw 'her. \- Though she had never Bpokcn oi it to any- one, Arcturu bad more llian a suspicion that -something was' going on betweeu her cousin and the pretty maid ; hnd after Eppie had left the house, more than one— Davie amongst them, though lie did not associate the two things—observed that she was more ' cheerful than before; But there was no increase of in- 'ter'course between her and Forguo. Both of them knew it was the wish of the head of tho 'house that they should marry, but the earl had been wiso enough to Bay nothing opeuly to either of : them, for he know the thing would liavo a better cbance on its own in herent merits of . youth, aud good looks and advantages on both sides. As yot, however, they had shown no Bigns of drawing to each other. It might, perhaps, have been different had not tiie young lord been taken with' tho pretty housemaid, with whom at first he had thought of nothing moro than a little passing flirtation, conscious of the height iu which lie must stand in her regard from tho height' in which lie stood in his own. But it was from no jealousy that Arotura was relieved by the departure of Eppie. Sho liad never seen anything very attractive in her cousin. Her religious impressions would indeed have served of themselves to protect her from any drawing towards Forgue : they had prevailed to pre judice her against common house-frieudliue33 towards a very different man I Tho sense of relief she had was tho deliverance from the Impression, conviction almost, that something clandestine was going on, while alio could not interfere with it even so far as to confess know ledge of it. Her modesty was rendered un- enBy ; she felt shy and uncomfortable — hardly daring to bo natural for dread of show ing the slightest resemblance to behavior of which she liad been so far witness as to be compelled to suspect more than she had seen. Once or twice she had been on the point of saying to Mrs. Brookes that she thought her cousin and Eppio very oddly familiar, but had failed to say it. Tho little window of her sit ting room partially overlooked a certain re tired spot favored of tho lovers in ignorance that it was so overlooked ; but she was disabled from regarding even wlmt she might have seen by maidenly shamo and trepidation. It was indeed no wondor tliat she folt relieved, and more able to behave naturally ou tho departure of Eppio. About this time lier friend, Miss Car- michael, returned from a rather lengthened visit. But now, after the kind atonement that had taken place between her nnd Donal, it was with some anxiety sho looked forward to soeing lier. She Bhrank from telling how sho had been attracted to him by the wonder ful poom, as sho thought it, which ho had written for Kate Graeme, and then compelled to be quito grateful to him for the kind way he liad received and entertained her rude doubts. She shrank, also, from showing her tho verses, for she did not think they wore of a kind to meet witli any recognition from her. She felt certain indeed that she would make game' of them, and that not good humorediy, as Kate had done, who confessed to seeing some beauty in them. For herself the poem, and the study of its growth, had ministered so much nourish ment to cortnin healthy poetic seeds lying bard and dry in her besom that they had begun to sprout, and then to shoot rapidly up. Hence Donal's poem was not only something henceforward sacred to her, hut it had mado her aware of something very defective in her friend's constitution ; she had not yet in quired whether in her constitution mental, moral or spiritual — the probability being it was in all tiiree. Doubtless, thought Arctura, sho know inoBt things better than she, and certainly had a great deal more common sense than she ; for was she not always telling her that she troubled herself with fancies and refused to take iu things as they were ! On the othor hand, wa9 she not satisfied with far less than she could satisfy herself with? To bclievo as Iter friend be lieved would hardly save her from the insanity that sometimes threatened - her. Surely sho must be made on a smaller scale of necessities tiian - her. self, whatever that might indicate I How was she able to love tho God sho said she believed in? For hersolf, she would have a God to lovo as beautiful at least aa she could imagino a God ! But Miss Carmichael would say her poor earthly imagination was not at liberty to occupy itself with such a high and awful sub ject. Oh, why should notGod tell lier something about himself — somothing direct — straight from himself ? Why should she only liear about him at second hand— nlways and al ways ? Alas, poor girl ! second hand ? Five hundredth hand rather I and you might have been going all the time, had only those who taught you known or oared enough about the grandest faot of all, to tho very God himself, manifest iu his own shape, whioli is ours also ! Then must you soon havo learned that your imagination could never grasp, even when pre- sented to it, could nover receive into it tue un speakable excess of his loveliness, of bis abso lute devotion and tondcrneBS to the creature His Father had made ! In tho absence of Miss Carmichael Bbo had been daring to think with less oppression .of many thiugs that in her presence bad seemed ghastly hopeless ; now in the prospect of her reappearance she began to feel as' if sho had been wicked in ever daring to have a thought of her own ooncorning the God tliat was nearer to her than her own thoughts, that was not put into lier by an other. Sho might well dread lier, she had gained Buch an unhealthy mastery over lier ! How should she answer her wero they to meet Donal, and wns sho to see her smilo to him as she now always did ? Ono thing she was de termined upon — and herein lay the pledge of her coming freedom — that she would not for lier "pre'sonce beliave to him in the loast other wise tlfan was her wont. She saw that if she would .bo in tho loast worthy sho must be straightforward. Were bIio not she mnst not only Iobo tbo respect of Donal in addition to . lior own, but lie must thencoforward only tlis more despise thoso doctrines wiiich slie began now to feel herself to blame for not having one way or another brought to bear upon iiim, in some endeavor to mako up to him for their having been so much neglected in his youthful training. Donal and she had never had any further talk, much as alio would havo liked it, upon things poetic. As a matter of supposed duly — where she liad got the idea I do not know certainly not from Miss Carmichael, seeing she approved of none but Cowper, Pollock and James Montgomery — she hnd been reading tho Paradise Lost, and would havo liked much to talk to Donal about the poem, but had not the courage — partly because she hnd, as I have said, seen something of Forgue's goings on with Eppie. Of course when her friend came to seo her, she at once perceived a difference in iter man ner wiiich sot lier thinking. Miss Carmichael wai not one to do or say anything without thinking about it first. She had a thorough coufideuoe in her own judgment, and liked to exercise it, therefore almost always rejected a first impulse. J udgmont was on the throne ; .'feeling only on the footstool.; There was something in Arctura'b carriage which re minded lier of almost the only time when she had seemed to stand upon her rank witli her : it was when she had made a remark disparag ing to a favorite dog. For the animals Arotura could be brave even in the face of tho friend who had sat on lier like a spiritual niglitina#, which was only just beginning to become frightful to hor ; they wero not under tho wrath nnd curse in the same way that mon and women wore, guilty as born of their own fathers and mothers, therefore might bc_do- fended. Arotura had on that occasion shown so much heat that Miss Carmicliao), who had, however, very littlo of the toady in her, saw tliat, if she was to_ keep her influence over the weak- minded girl, as she counted her — for all lier good of course ! — she must take care to steer clear of any insignificant prejudices that might show themselves, else human offence would rouso the pliautom of rank agaiust plebeian interference. So now she was the more careful — said nothing, or next to nothing, but watched her keenly, and not the less slyly that she looked her so straight in tho face every time she spoke to her. There in an effort to seo into tho souls of others that is essentially ' treacherous, and may be present without tho least accompanying consciousness that it is suoh as it is ; whenever inquiry outruns regard, where friendship is the ostensible bond, it' is treacherous ; it is at least an endeavor to lay hold of more than the friend choscs to give. Thoy went for a little walk iu the grounds ; and so It was ordered that they met, on their return, Donai setting out on an excursion with Davie. Arctura and Donal passed with a bow and a friendly smile ; Davie stopped and spoko to them, then bounded after his friend. ! " Have you been attending Davio's scrip ture lesson regularly?" asked Miss Oariniehael'.. : " No j I have only been once since you left," replied Arctura, glad, she could not quite have- told why, to be able to give the negative answer. " " What ! my dear, have you been leaving , your lamb to tho will ot the wolf V" " I begin to doubt if ho is a wolf," " Ah I so well draped in liis Bheepskin ? I am afraid he thinks to devonr sheep and shep herd too 1" said Miss Carmichael, with a searching glance at her friend — a glance In tended to look what it was. - "Don't you think," suggested Lady Arctura; " when you are not able to say anything it is better not to bo present ? Then your silence cannot look like agreement." /. " But you could always protest, simply by saying it was all wrong, and you did not agree- with him in the least 1" " But what if you were not sure that you did not agree with him ¥' "I thonght as much," said Miss Carmichael to herself. "I foresaw this. — —But," -and here shespoke aloud, "if you are not sure you agree, -then you can say : I can't say I agree with you. It is always safer to admit ' too littlo than too much." : '» 1' " But I want a great deal more than' I oan get to savo me. I have never yet heard what seems enough to save me 1" " That is to say, God has not done his part!" "No; it is only to say that I hope he 'has dono moro than I havo yet heard," "More than send his son to die for- your- sins ?? -.i " More thon you say tliat means." :">' ' " The way is plain ; you have but to believi that Christ did so." . i . " But' I don't know whether ho died form j sins." - ; -: :: " "He died for the sins of tho whole world."'' "Then I must be saved ?" .-.'-jrtyg ... "Yes, when yon believe.it"- ' 6aA- "Then I cannot be saved except! believe- ; that I shall bo saved. - And I cannot Relieve- I shall bo saved until I know I shall be saved, . : And I shall not be saved until I believe it i"\| , "That is cavilling, Arctura I Is that the- ' kind of argument you hare been hearing from Mr. Grant? I seo I ought not to- ;bavo 'gone- away I" - ... V. " I am sorry if I have said anything I ought not; but really I cannot get a hold of any thing ; and sometimes I feel as if I should go- out of my mind." . . "So you have told mo more than onqe, but I liad hoped you would apply the true antidote to suoh temptations. I have done my best for you, but if you think you have found a better teacher, I fear it will no longer be of any use to warn yon." "If I . did believe I had fonnd a better teacher, it would not ; but I am only afraid L have not. I am sure the things lie teaches me aro much more desirable than— — " "To the unsanctified heart, no doubt." \- " Is it tho unsanctified heart," said Arctura, astonished at her own boldness, and the 8CMe of power and freedom growing in her as 9ho spoke, " that desires to find God so beantiful- and good that it can worship him with its- whole power of love and adoration ? Or is God less beautiful and good than that." " Wo ought to worship God whatever ho is." " But could we love him with all our hearts if ho wore not altogether loveablo ?" " Ho might not be tho leas to bo worshipped though ho seem to our poor ignorance not so. Wo mnst worship his justice ; boing all power ful lio oan do nothing wrong," To this Arctura returned no answer It foil on her heart liko an iceberg. Slio was not, however, so utterly ovcrwliolmcd by it as she would have been some time before ; slio thought with herself, " I will oak Mr Grant ? I am Burc he does not think liko that ! Why if power made things right 1 begin to think sho doos not understand what sho is talking about I Suppose I were to moke a oreatdro needing ail my love and tenderness- to make Jife endurable to him, and then not be Bo kind tohim as ;he needed, wonld not that bo cruel in mc ? Wonld I not he to blame J Can God ho God and do anything conceivably te blnmc —anything that fa not altogether beautiful ? Bat she will toll mo we cannot judge of what it would he right for-God to do by what it would be -right for ub to do. Then'if what' seems right tome fa not right to God, I must wrong my conscience and bo a sinner in order to serve him ! Then my conscience fa not the voice of God in me I How then am I made in his imago? What doea tliat mean ? Ah, but that image has been defaced by the fall ! Then I cannot tell a bit what God is like! And I can never love him ! Oh me, I am very miserable 1 I am no child of his 1 Thus, long after Miss Csrmiclinel had taken a coldly sorrowful farewell of her, she went maud and round tho old miU horso track of hor self-questioning : in nothing was God to he trusted until she had dono something she could not do, upon whioh ho would lake licr into favor, and then sho conld trust liim What a God to think of _ giving all her heart, to, to think of ever being at homo with 1 Then she would compare Miss Carmicliael and Donal Grant, and think with herself whether Donal was not as likely to bo right as she. Only, for assurance, for certainty — where was that — ill regard to those questions, or indeed anything at all ? How was she ever to know anything for certain? And what if tho thing she camo to know for certain should be — n God she could not love ? The next day was Sunday. Davie and his tutor came up with her going home from church. It came as of itself to her lips, and he said, "Mr. Grant, how are we to know what God fa tike ?" " 1 Philip saitli unto him, Lord, bIiow us tlie Father audit suffiooth us. Jesus s-.iith unto, him, Have I been so long timo with you, aud yet has thou not known me, Philip ? He that bath seen mo hath seen the Father, and how ayest thou then, Show ns tho Father ?' " Thus answered Donal, without a word of his own, and though tho three walked sido by Bide together, it vies a fall ten minutes before another WS3 spoken. Then at last said Arctura, " If I oould hut see Christ to ask him." < "It is not necessary to see him to ask him. Neither is it necessary to see him to know what he is like. Yon can read what those Who loved him said ho was tiko ; and when you think you understand him ns ho showed himself — then there is your God." > -From that day Aretura's search took a new departure. It is stronjp how often one may hear a thing, yet never have really heard it ! The heart -can hear only what it is capable of hearing; therefore "tho times of this ignor ance God winked at but sins for him who trill not hear what he is capable of hearing 1 \- His faiinre to get word or even right of Eppie, together with some uneasiness possibly at the condition in which the grandfather con- tinned, combined to make Lord Forguo accept ! the invitation — which his father had taken : pains to have sent him — to spend three weeks or a month with a distant relative in tho nortii Of England-: he would rather be- out of the way till, however the thing might tarn, it should blow over. He would gladly have sent a message to Eppie, bet had not any one he could trust with it ; Davie was too much under the influence of ids tutor ! So ho went away . without a word, and Eppio soon began to imagine he hod. deserted her for cror. For a time her tears flowed yet more freely, but she soon began to feel BomethiDg of relief iu having ihe question decided, for sho could not herself flee how they were over to be married. She aroold havo been content to love him always, she said to herself, were there no prospect of marriage or even were there no marriage in question ; hut would ho remain true to hor ? She did not think ehe conld expect it ; so with many tears sho thought she gavo him np. Ho had loved her, and that was a grand thing. There was much that was good, aud some- thing that was wise, hi the girl, notwithstand ing her folly in allowing such a lover to be come intimate with lier. Tho temptation was great ; even if his attentions were but meant to be transient, they wore sweet while they passed. I doubt if her love was of the deepest she had to give ; hut who ,can tell ? A woman will love where a man can sec nothing lovely. So long as she is able Still to love she fa never perhaps quite to bo pitied, hut when the re- aotion comes — ? Eppie attended to her duties, took -her full shore in all that had te be done, and reaped much commendation, which hardly served to moke her happy, from her grandmother, willing to read in her the best. And so the dull-days went by for Eppie. . But for Lady Arctura a great hope had begun to dawn — the hope, namely, that per haps tho world was in the hand, yea in tlie heart of One whom she herself might see in her inmost soul with clearest eyes to be Lovo itself— not a love sho could not care for, but tho very heart, generating centra, embracing circumference, and crown of all loves. 