THIS BOWBAL FREE PRES S, and Mitíaoono, Bujírawanu, and Kangai.oo.v Advocate. SATURDAY, AUGUST -1, 1883. Contingent ou the successful passing of t.ho now Laud Bill depend the fates of three other measures which this Government intend to submit to the ensuing Parliament. The Local Government Bill, the principle of autouömy or self- government is one of the measures contemplated, and as this will directly affect all communities concentrated in small or largo townships, it will neces sarily command the attention both of the people and their representatives. The next two measures to which the attenh'ou of Parliament and tho country will be directed arc not only urgent, but of universal public interest ; one being an amendment of the Insolvency Law with a view to make it more conducive to the protection of the creditor, and less of a lucrative enterprise to the bankrupt ; the other will aim at "discourag ing that particular form of logal speculation which consists in bringing actions for libel and recovering heavy damages against news papers when they have been simply engaged in protecting the public." . With regard to .the new Laud Bill, we think the public are pretty well conversant with the general principles sought to be introduced, and the amendments contem plated in our presen: Land legislation. The Premier (Mr. Stuart), and his valiant and liberal-minded henchman (Mr. Dalley), have certainly not minced matters in the course of their recent campaign to the Illawarra district. They spoke freeîy as free men, wiih the deep s»nse of responsibility that would be inevitably attached (o their vari ous semi- official utterances. These gentle men chose an opportune timo to disclose to tho people the past and present actions and prospective intentions of the Government ; and. by so doing gave lessons for the thoughtful 'consideration of the people. Their Land Bill is necessarily to be a revolu tionary measure, though not an unjust one. The country demandada radical and sweep ing change in q¿ir land policy, and this, said Mr. Dalley, the Government is pre pared to .effect; not by needlessly sacrificing or injuring the great interests which have grown up unáer tjie existing Jaw, not to provide lor the ¿idvantages of one class or the other, but for the general welfare of the community. Witli retrard to the Insolvency Law as'it exists and is administered at. present, people iii extensive or even moderate- business know well how easily it is for questionable creditors to evade payment of dobts legally contracted, by surrendering themselves body and soul and estate to its beneiicient provi sions. The bankruptcy law is, nevertheless, a shiold frequently needed by the honest, for " Tho best laid schemes o' mico and men, Gang aft aglee." The action proposed to be taken with regard to the Press, in relieving it from the danger of legal extinction when it has been honestly doing its duty, though last is by no means the least in general importance. The Press is avowedly an institution created and supported by the people. It has 110. master, is subservient to no powor 011 earth save the people from whom all power springs. It claims no special rights above those inherited by freo-born mon. It demands freedom that it may speak free. A free Press is the express image of a free people, as Parliament is the express image of its constituencies. It is tho visible power that thwarts the actions of a tyrant, keeps in chock the lawless, sustains worth and virtue, exposes the corruption of ministers, judges, governors, shams of all shades ; tho mirror 111 which public opinion is reflected, the general medium of social intercourse of mutual education, of use for tho ventilation of grievances, tho redress of wrongs, and tho shield of tho oppressed against tho oppressor. True in its mission, it scorns all moanness and defies all peril ; has 110 sympathy with rabid license or licentiousness, which it relegates to tho penalties of the law. It demands, as all honest men do, freedom of speech and free dom of action, and in its criticism of public men and public institutions it claims as its right immunity from legal process where tho truth lias boon fairly stated and fairly commented 011 for the public benefit. This cannot bo done now in New South Wales with impunity. It is therefore fortunate at this juncture that in our Attorney-General the people and the Press have a gentleman and a scholar, an able and free writer, of large-hearted sympathies, liberal aud tole rant in sontiment to undertako tho labour of emancipating tho Press, of striking from it the shackles by which it has so long been bound in this country,—shackles that have long since grown rusty and obsolete in older countries where freedom, enlightenment, and progress have inarched onward in triumph. Although ripe with experience of Press prosecutions iu years gone by, like his learned brother Sir James Martin, Mr. Dalley saw another reason during his defence of tho Anderson-Fairfax libel case to more than justify him in his official position to " strongly discourage that particular form of legal speculation which consists in bring ing actions for libel and recovering heavy damages against newspapers (or private individuals) when they have been simply engaged in protecting the public." Public opinion did not sympathise with the verdict against the " S. M. Herald " ; nor with that against tho " Bulletin " ; nor even with that less known against the " Sydney Daily Telegraph " in tho Moy Mow case. The fault lay not so much in the capacity or lack of discernment in the jurors as in the interpretation of the law and direction .by the judges. This injury is intensified, after jurors estimate the wrong done at a farthing—when the law empowers judges to certify for costs to be paid nouons volkns, or gaol, by the losing party. This anomaly is to be cured ; aud whether it be contin gent on the passing of the new Laud Bill or not, we hope tho public and Mr. Dalley will not let jilie matter rest until the libel law of this country is amended in accordance with common sense, and the improved social conditions under which we live. Tue people of Wollongoug and Kiama have recently been enjoying to their hearts' con tent the "feastof reason and the flow of soul." Truly, they aro a favoured people in those parts. And no wonder. They all know something about the isms of com merce,—of tho sciences .appertaining to butterism, cheesism, eoalism, farm-produce ism, bridgeism, culvertism ; and they are now learning a trifle about railwayism. They are pretty well full of ghost lore. Verily, they are "a happy and contented people. They stand in that ..proud and enviable position of being a peculiar people, chosen by two political gods to keep in their ark the political covenant—the politi cal faith which all have to believe in, from one end of the colony to the other, or be excommunicated as heretics. And, taking that faith in its entirety, it is certainly not of a very humiliating character. The kernel of it, however, does not, happily, apply to those peculiar peoplo and their neighbouring gentiles along the southern coast, any more than tho covenant of 4000 years ¡igo applied to Belshazzar, or the Queen of Sheba. All tho land in those parts has long since becomo freehold. The cormorant squatter is no eye-sore to them. They have their snug little farms on tho surface, and almost inexhaustible mineral wealth below it. They are, taking them all round, a free and an independent if not a " bold " peasantry, and they know it. The two political gods of the day know it too. And now the whole country is beginning to have an agreeable inkling of this fact. The day has gone by when a redoubtablo knight could dub their leading men as " gunbarrcl led philosophers," aud be hoodwinked about Fenian ghosts. They were rather soft in those days, By looking at men's actions and comparing fcliem with their promises they have conic to the conclusion that per sonal enterprise and not government, good or bad, was the true secret of success. In this respect they are teaching a noble lesson to constituencies more remote from the coast districts. Settlement or colonisation always begins at the coast, or at theHbase of a mountain near the banks of a river. Founded properly the spread of settlement to the interior goes on smoothly, harmoni ously, gradually. There is no jumping and leaping further inland to secure boundless domains, for the mere greed of the thing, in many instances. Increased population necessitates increased area ; but how can the noxA Finn settler expect to cope success fully witlt the horse-marines and bold dragoons who love and covet the boundless tracts over which their bulls und cows aud rams aud sheep can browse and nibblo with out stint or hindrance, without the paltry fear of any man having courago to say, Halt ! This word " halt " is just what Mr. Stuart aud Mr. Dallóy intond to ufo in their Land Bill next session. It is one of Die precious stones m the political breast-plat o lodged by them in the political ark at Wollongoug and Iviama. Those peoplo may well bo enviod by their less fortunate fellow-colonists. For ourselves we shall at nil times tliinlt well of all the Ivianiazionians and the Wollongolitcs, not because they have been tlio specially chosen people, but bccause they havo quietly and porsisently workod out their own political and social independence. Those who had the exceptional pleasure of being present last Monday evening at the social gathering must, at intervals, have secretly longed for an early repetition of the re-union, and for tho time when the hall could bo called their own. What a useful acquisition would a School of Arts bo to Bowral, not to Bowral only but to persons residing in our beautifnl neighbourhood, where the mansions of wealth and tho cosy villas of tho opulent are beginning to adorn tho surrounding landscape. It is very generally felt that Bowral is much iu need of a public building, ornate in appcarance and commodious internally for lectures, j meetings, classes, reading-room, library, and social gatherings. Tho subscriptions already-; to hand, as published last weolc, towards tho Bowral School of Arts building fund, amount to £80, and wo feel convinced if some of the ladies, who graced last Monday evoning's " home party " with their presence, were to organise themselves into a com mittee, their appeals for this laudable under taking would be irresistiblo and successful. Tho present building is by no means suit able for the present, much less tho increas ing requirements of the town and its suburbs. The books are few, seldom read, and untidily kept ; and, moreover, the lease of the building expires some time next year. This, therefore, is just the time for vigorous and earnest action to be taken. In posses sion of a nice and suitable School of Arts building our townspeople would then, in tho estimation of others, wear tho impress of intellectual attachments, social content and concord, as one feels is naturally pos sessed by tho residents of other townships that justly pride themselves in having an instituto in which they can meet as of right, and reciprocate those friendly senti ments which tend in all instances to pro mote harmony and good will. We should like to see this building erected contempo raneously with the formation of Bowral into a Municipality; and"without looking at the edifice from a speculative point, wo feel assured that any debt incurred on its con struction will not hang long before it will be " wiped out." Some good names are already on the subscription list. Their influence is worth even more than their liberal contributions ; with their friendly co-operation, and tho powerfully persuasivo, influence of the ladies, the object so much desirod and so needful to tho town, will assuredly bo crowned with success. The Bag question still occupies the uneasy attention of mauy farmers, particularly those in the neighbourhood of Batlmrst and Windsor. Nor less so, indeed, of tho farmers in the Camden district. It is argued, by a Sydney contemporary, that because squat ters give in their bales with the wool, so the farmers ought to bo guided by this " custom " and give in the hags with their produce. We don't think tho custom pur sued by the squatters ought to bo adopted by the agriculturists, unless the farmers were sending their wheat, or hay, or pota toes'to ¿'foreign market, as the wool is sent to London. The comparative value of pas toral and .agricultural produce is also an item worth considering. A tale of wool is worth at least £10, sometimes £20 and £30 ; not so with a bag of farm produce. Besides, shippers do not now, as a rule, take wheat in bags. Farm produce in bags or crates is usually sent to a local market, either in Sydney or to some inland town ship, and the bags from long "custom" have been returned, and are expected to be returned, or paid for. " It is unfortunate," said a Camden farmer to its ,yesterday, " that at this particular juncture we could not have the advice and counsel of Mr. John Kidd on this matter." Just so. It is pretty generally known in the district of Camden that Mr. Kidd is not merely a theoretical but a practical farmer ; in fact, lie was the only practical man in the Legis lative Assembly competent to deal ration ally and sensibly with the unfair railway tariff as it affected the agricultural interest ; and it is not because an accident deprived him at the last election of his seat in Parlia ment that, therefore, he is now unapproach able to those who wish to seek his counsel. The best way,'perhaps, would be for two or three of our most extensive farmers, or any of them, to submit the points at issue to Mr. Kidd in writing, and we feel confident some hints of a practical character will be elicited that will be of essential use in guid ing the agriculturists how best to meet and deal with this somewhat unexpected diffi culty of appropriating tho bags by the pro duce dealers. It promises well for the future of the School of Arts in Bowral that the churches and ministers are warmly taking up the move ment. This is as it should be. Probably a considerable amount of evil would be warded off from our communities if the churches would take a more active and sym pathetic interest in works of this kind ; and indeed, where this has been tho case, the best results have often followed. The Wesleyan and Church of England ministers were both present at the meeting on Mon day, and both spoke very heartily on the subject. Mr. Howard alluded to it also on Sunday, in tho pulpit, in a few brief remarks, before the sermon, pointing out that it was a matter which affected the interests of the whole community, and that the churches ought to show their interest and lend their aid. He thought it would be a dire cala mity for such an institution as a School of Arts to develop amongst us, and the churches to have no influenco thereiix The results, in that case, would be far from satisfactory. No one wished to give it a religious, much less a denominational character ; but lie did hope that a sound, healthful, manly, Christian influence would bo felt throughout its working. He did not think that it was unbecoming for him to introduco the matter before the congrega tion in-this way. . 