THE EXPLORED An Old Friend. IN "Table Talk" of the Sydney Echo we find the following reference to the latest work in the way of exploration of Mr. Favenc, who, it will be remembered, was leader of the Queens- lander Transcontinental Survey Party which traversed the continent from Blackall to Port Darwin some four yeara ago :—" Mr. Ernest Favenc is still unfolding new leaves of the unread Australian book, and by his latest telegram to the Adelaide Government has found a picture. He is on the Macarthur River, in the farthest out north of the Adelaide country. Ho has traversed a dreary land on which there appears to have been no wet season for two years. But on the tableland there are marvellous springs. From a cleft at the edge one such leaps out and plashes down into a little lake. The good man's friends— and they are a legion even in this city—will ove to imagine him camped by that spring leaping from the rock, as brown and bearded as Moses by Horeb, fearless as Joshua, and strong as Samson, dreaming his dream of the palace by the lake, and the tableland, irrigated by the utilisation of the springs, stretching out green and fair to the mirage that makes phantom land between earth and heaven. It is better than his old dream of that gone time in the heart of the great desolation when Tho Bun at oven sank down angry red In the dim haze that bounded the far plain, And when the stars usurped tho heavens instead An awful silence followed in their train. And through the silence the spirit. Spirit of course, yes, whisky in pannikins ; they always drink like fishes, those fellows. But it was nothing of the sort. Take a few more of the words of that time ; they will instruct us as to what we may expect by-and-by :— A deep dead silence! save when fitful sighs Of faint hot wind were wafted from the south. Nature seemed sleeping; light had left her eyes; The smile, her mouth. Let us hope the voice of the Spirit of the Spring may be interpreted as truly as those hollow murmurings of the ghost of the wilder ness ; and those who know Ernest Favenc best will say, 'No need to hope; it will all be done, and more.'" 