L1Ra'o1 VAn~ill~~IU8oT EOnflRES1~iONDP NT5..jI i WALLSEND'. ' ;s '! A concert in the Wealleend School of Sfts toolr place, on'Mondy.e evcning last.- Thc patronaoe of tlih ~eoierl p:ibliP on this occasion was iall that ithe friondsof MIr. TLewis coald deire. lThel Walleend.Band 'playded throuigh the street,"'which' lhid1 tle effect of indubing the p'cople to turn outcse imaucse:. Never since the School of Art?s hla been opened has there been an audience iiore closly1pac'lred. In thoe absehico of Mr. Jaiijhs Fllfcherjun., "Ir. Jame's Richardson was voted to the chair,. whb made a fewyvery appropriate remarks suitable for the occa sion, by referring tq Mr. Lowis assisting in many movements similar to the prescnt'ono. especially when it was to ameliorate the condition of some unfortuupte. Mr. .R. Jones opened the programenniy anotertide on the pianoforte. The " Scottish Blue Bells" wac sung by Mr. L. Anderson in a gentle, sneat, musical voice. . Miss:B. Davis rendered "Strangers YeIb" in such a 'pleas ing manner that called for herreturn. Mr. 1\. Lewis' song was well received, and "The Three Maids of the Lce," by Eos Rhydyfro, commanded great attention. Mr. Grant's S"Midshipmite" was highly creditable, and "Riding in the Row,' by Mr, H. .West, was rather amusing. "0 Carissinia,"' 'by Mr. Darbyshire, received a fair share of atten t;ion, and an Irish jig by Mr. Hamilton was' a' change in the programme wlich was highly appreciated. "When the Roses Bloom Again," by Mrs. D. Forrester, was a greatesuccess, and Mr. J. Critchley's "Never Push a Man when lhe is going down the Hill" was amongst the amusements of the evening. The Welsh song by by Eos Rhy dyfro was most charming. The singer possesses great abilities, and captivated the VWelsh portion of the audieice. MI.. R. Jones' overture was a success, diidd a horns pipe by Mr. J. Crowley was done in a style that brought down the house for a repiti tion of the same. "Dreaming at ,Eome,"' by Mrs. Lewis, and "The'Tar's'Ret?ira," were well received. Miss Davis'" Ah, He Kissed Me," was rendered in a charming manner, and Mr. J. Lewis' Tell me, Mary," was .highly., applauded., .The comic duct "Strolling by the Sea," by' Mr. and Mrs. H. West,? was spirited,, and g von with great. offEct 'Several other sonigs vqr also given by those "already namned, concluding' with "The Ghost in a Pawnshop." Financially the concert was a success, and the ability displayed, both vocal and instrumental, gave the'greatest satisfactioii. The Wnllsend miners are nmaking the necessary proparations for the general meeting on Thursdaynext... The Wallsend lBand, I understand, will accompany the men to Grilths' FPlat, notwithstanding all tho attractions at the MIaitland show. The weather is still dry; no appearance of rain. The swampy land whiohll ought to have been covered with water at this season, is all dry land, and cLttle' have to be driven some distance to obhtain wabuL'r. This nmakles the fodder prospects dismal indeed.. The report oef tl?he:Primitivoe Methodist tea-meeting, eto., will appear ,in another issue. ', " Whether, on account of the Govornment beinonabout to amend 'the 'roguiations for the'sale of spirituous liquors or not, I can not say; but few of our townsmen have lately been getting a little "fresh," in fact. seome are in rsuch a condition that their lan guuago is both beOsuly and insulting, while passing through the streets on their way home from the fuddling shops. Tihe various storekeepers of our distrioet: intend to make' a special holid y on Thurs dey (to.morrow), thoe 10th, on account of the Maitland 'Show.' It 'is a further' evi donce of the unity existing in a soolial way aumongst our business men, and the stop is commenduable as it will admit of essistants having a lull day's outing on this particular occasion. It will bu well for householders to make their puroahses to-day; 