MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS. Nabkabbi WeathER Report. September 7 1883, Our weather report still continues to be of the same monotonous character, without in the leas' giving any indications of rain. What little we have had throughout the district lately has been absorbed, and the start that was given to vegetation'' has passed, and we are again nearly in the same position as we were two months ago. Reports from down the river are very unfavourable, and both cattle and sheep are in many instances at their last straits, and we have to expect that many deaths will ensue. At Narrabri on several mornings during the week the clouds have been overcast with every reasonable prospect of rain, but beyond a few trifling showers, which have had no beneficial effect, we look as dry and arid as any of the neighbouring places can possibly do. We have no stock passings to report, Narrabri Herald. A Nsw Vbbski.-On Friday there was launched from Messrs. T. S. Rowntree and Co's shipbuilding yard, at Waterview Bay, a fine-looking vessel of the following dimensions 100 feet on keel, or HO feet on deck, 21 feet 6 inches beam, and 11 feet 8 inches depth of hold. The launch was highly successful and as the vessel left the ways, she was named the Douglas by Miss Rowntree, daughter of the principal of the firm. The Douglas was originally intended for a steamer, for use in connection with the Weae leyan missions in the South Seas, and she was laid down about 4 years ago ; but for some reason or other the mission authorities decided not to purchase her. The men employed at the floating-dock have only been engaged on the Douglas during the intervals when there was no vessel requiring repairs, so that she has been thoroughly seasoned, and excellent work has been put into her. The bottom of the hall is of the best selected hardwood, and the top sides are of pitch pine. She is entirely copper fastened, all the bolts being of copper, through and clinched., The decks are of kan'; 3 inches by 3 inches and this' week large BeantHuB told thick planking. There is I half-price and cutwater, and the stern is round, Ihp Douglas will measure about 200 tons net register, will be schooner rigged, and is to be engaged in the South Sea Island trade. She has been Classed 10 years at Lloyd's, and would have received a 12 years' classification if she had been built under a shed. She will be taken into the floating dock to-day to be coppered, case, and it is expected that she will be ready for sea in about a fortnight -Herald, Kacecoubsb Games. - Six individuals were brought before Mr. Addison, S.M., at the Water Police Court on Wednesday, charged with having played unlawful games on the Randwick Racecourse on Tuesday. Two of them were fined 20s for having played " pitch and toss," whilst two others were sentenced to be imprisoned for fourteen days, without the option of a fine, for having participated in certain games which in the eye of the law were of a far graver character The other two defendants were charged with having played a chance game, to which no special name was attached. In it the services of a monkey, which the defendants possessed, were called into requisition, and the animal was employed to extract' marbles from a small box. Cards bearing certain, numbers were offered for sale to the public, and the person possessing the card which bore a number corresponding with that on the marble which the monkey might draw became the winner of the stakes placed on the game. The defence set up was that the defendants were not aware that the game was an unlawful one, and as no prosecution in connection with a similar case had before occupied the attention of the Court, Mr. Addison extended leniency towards them, and only ordered them to be imprisoned until the rising of the Court Herald Launch at BRIsbane Water. A handy little vessel; intended for the cedar trade between Sydney and the Northern rivers of the colony, was launched on Wednesday from the yards of Mr Edward Beattie, at Brisbane 'Water, She was built to the order of, Messrs. Fagan Brothers, of Sydney About 300 persons, including the owners and friends from Sydney, were present at the ceremony. As the vessel left the ways, Mrs, Beattie broke a bottle of wine over the bows, and wished success to the Dollar Bird. The party then adjourned to the workshop, where an excellent luncheon was laid out, This having been done justice to, a number of toasts, including "Success to the Dollar Bird," " Prosperity to her owners," and " The builders" were honoured and duly responded to. The tables were afterwards removed, and dancing was commenced and kept up with vigour until after midnight. The Dollar Bird is a fore-and- aft schooner of about 83 tons register, her principal dimensions being: Length on keel, 82 feet ; beam, 22 feet ; depth of hold, 7 feet 9 inches. The hull has been planked throughout with hard- wood, she is copper fastened, and her decks are laid with kauri. She was coppered, and her masts stepped while on the stocks, so that she is now ready for bob, and is expected to reach Sydney about Thursday next M. Herald. , A Judge in Ibbland -A curious scene recently took place at the Mullingar railway station, Ireland. Lord Chief Justice Morris having concluded his assize business in Mullingar, was leaving by the 3 o'clock train. Having arrived at the station, he entered a carriage which was already occupied by a gentleman carrying a rifle. The Judge asked the gentleman, who afterwards turned out to be Dr. Isidore M. W. Burke, brother to Mr. Walter M. Burke, who was shot in the county (Galway) to remove the rifle, and upon his refusing caught hold of it by the barrel. Dr. Burke held the stock of the gun, and each did his utmost to get possession of it A policeman then came up and informed Dr. Burke who his opponent was. The stationmaster was sent for. Dr. Burke gave his rifle to the Chief Justice, who handed it to the guard of the train. WatER seeing The following telegram has been received from Mr. H. W. Ford, foreman of water augers, Bourke:-" We have struck splendid fresh artesian water In new bore, 51 miles west of Bourke, at 80 feet, which rose 21 feet over the surface in small stream. We have since bored to 103 feet; water increasing. At 90 feet water burst up over the surface outside pipes, and has been running ever since. This new bore is 6 feet lower on the surface than the old one we had to abandon at 89 feet 6 inches, on account of broken drill being stuck in bottom. The present bore now has a stream of water rising over pipes 8 feet above surface, from a depth of 105 feet," Echo Assaulting a ghost The Maldon correspondent of the Melbourne Argus telegraphs as follows on Thursday review nights ago Mrs Miller was returning horne, and, whilst waiting for a friend at a street corner, was passed by a young man, who, after going past her a few yards, returned, knocked her down, and struck her, giving her two black eyes and inflict other injuries, Before leaving, he told her he thought he had given her enough. On reaching home she informed her friends, who at once communicated with the police, but, as she could not give any description of the person who assaulted her, the matter remained a mystery. Reports had for some time past been current that ghosts have been seen in the neighbourhood of the place where the assault took place, and the following morning a young man who delivers milk in the neighbourhood appeared as usual, but with a bandaged and helpless hand, and informed his customers that he had been fighting with the ghost. This morning, On bearing that Mrs. Miller's case was in hands of the police, be at once paid a visit to the sufferer, and on finding that she was really the ghost he had attacked, he offered a most abject apology. It is not known whether this has been accepted, - The Move fob Western Australia.-" Three Wimmera farmers, Messrs. C. Curran, James Kelly, and T. Hodby," says the Wimmera Star of Tuesday, " who some time ago took up a large tract of country near Eucla, Western Australia, intend leaving for that place on Wednesday next, The object of the visit is to make arrangements for carrying on pastoral pursuits in their newly-acquired d territory, and also to make a more minute inspection of the country. The value of property in Western Australia is rapidly increasing, and the gentlemen named have already received offers for the land far in advance of the amount paid by them." To this we may add that the great attraction possessed by the Eucla country is that pastoral tenants are allowed to exercise the pre-emptive right at any time during the next six years, if they declare their intention of doing so They pay 6s per thousand acres for rent until they exercise their rights and acquire the free- holds of their runs by paying 2s 6d an acre. This low price is regarded as an equivalent for the disadvantage of having to sink for water, surface water I being rarely met with in the district. The pasturage consists chiefly of saltbush, cotton bush, and other herbs and grasses ; it is, indeed, much the same as the greater part of Riverina when first taken up Australasian A Quabbrlbomb Council, According to the Castlemaine correspondent of the Melbourne Argus, an extraordinary scene occurred at the meeting of the borough council on Thursday. On a motion for the appointment of a committee respecting water extension to Wattle-flat, Councillor Greenhill, J.P., demanded the production of all the correspondence previous to the vote being taken. Council or Red- fears said Councillor Greenhill had no right to be there, and should be outside. Councillor Greenhill REid Ten of you could not put me out' side." Councillor Redfearn said, "Come outside and I will show you," Five minutes afterwards Councillor Redfearn told Councillor Greenhill-" You have no right at the table ; you hold your Best unfairly, and are more fit for a lunatic asylum." some further strong language was used, and Councillor Greenhill behaved very violently. The mayor ruled Councillor Green- hill out of order. There was great excitement at the council table for some time, but at last order was restored. AnothER Vessel for the Colonies- On July 23rd last there was launched from the ship- building yard of Messrs. Forrest and Son, Millwall, on the Thames, a new steel steamer, which is being built to the order of Mr. B B. Nicoll, of Sussex street. Sydney. She is intended to trade between the Richmond River and Sydney. As the vessel left the ways she was christened Woodburn by Mrs. G. Plumbly, of Stanly House, Lee, Kent. There was a large number of the owner's friends at the launch, and a champagne lunch was provided by the builders. The Woodburn is 155 feet on keel; beam, 25 feet; depth of hold, 21 feet, She will be a very light draught vessel, and will carry a large cargo. She will have a handsome saloon amidships, and teak house aft for steerage passengers. She is expected to arrive here about the end of the year. Herald. Victorian Rain Supply At length the metropolitan district has received a fairly bounteous supply of moisture for the time ; showers more or less heavy have been experienced during the last two days, and the fall appears to have had a wide range. Telegrams notifying copious rains have been received from the most distant parts of Victoria ; the only portion of the colony from which such reports have not come is Gipps Land. the efforts of -' '' e, ..-- s. s.. "-s-..- ms riaitntlO/l sym no crops in well spoken of on the Goulburn and King Rivers. Floods have taken place on the Avoca, where some of the selectors' homesteads were flooded. On the Loddon the fall is spoken of as most welcome, although a flood occurred, there not very long since ; the total rainfall at Bridgewater up to Saturday night was more than lin. The Kyneton district is not improved by wet winters, and the rainfall this season has been greater in that quarter than is good for the crops ; many of these have indeed, been seriously injured. From Riverina we hear of rains having occurred in certain districts. Australasian, Sept, 8. . 