THE NOVELIST. A DISTURBED COUNTRY, AND MY ADVENTURES THERE. [Br Luct Lefevbe. CHAPTER V. SIGNS OF A DISTURBED COUNTRY. Retiring to my room, I spent many long hours in solitude and reflection, during which I many timeB reproduced in memory the fea tures of John Balfour, and many times took off his ring and put it on again, and now and then rolled up and smoked a cigarette, which in that country seemed the inevitable accom paniment equally of joy and sorrow. Towards evening a strange stillness seemed to prevail in the street, and this, I know not why, tempted me to unbar the thick wooden shutters and go out into the balcony, which was in itBelf but a large projecting window. Ho one could see me from the street; for all j inside waB covered with blinds of blue cotton, which did not draw up. As I stepped out into the balcony the stillness gave way to movement, and the street seemed alive with people. A nervous feeling came over j me, as though gll this noise was because of me, though I was well aware I could not be seen. 1 was about to return into my loom when, after a moment or two, my common sense restored my coinage, and with it my curiosity, and 1 stealthily peeped out through the corner of the blind. The street was alive, it was true, but all the passengers were men, and, what is more, they were all going in one direction. There was none oi the ordinary traffic; not a woman, not a child, was to be seen; not a shopkeeper smoked his cigarette in his door- j way, ana the water-bearers and fruit-vendors were gone. All the men went in one direc tion, from my left to my right. They were mostly dressed in the costume of citizens— that garb of featureless respectability which testifies to the dominion of PariB over the rest of Europe; but here and there might be seen the more manly and picturesque vest ments which still prevail outside the cities. On they went, in no ranks, without haste, without cries or banners, just as if they were a set of chance persons who all happened to be going to the same rendezvous of pleasure. Only they were all men, and they walked on in silence. They made for a small house at the corner of a street which crossed that in which our house stood, and all or most of them went in or stood round the door. In less than two minutes they came away almost in silence, dispersing in different directions. Those who came away past our house walked quicker and seemea more animated than when I first saw them. Their faces and gait were more lively, and, as they passed the old Moorish gateway, they exchanged greetings with the gipsies who were lounging there, and, pointing to our house, asked if there wbb any one living there ? " No," said the gipsies; " it is empty." And the men walked away in the direction from whence they had come. All this happened-more quickly than I can tell it. There was something about this silent march of men, their destination at the little house, their errand bo soon satisfied— and their consentaneous dispersion after wards, that set me doubting and trembling; but, when they accosted my protectors, and were told that the house which sheltered me, and me alone, was empty, a thrill of cold fear ran through me, I know not why. I went back into my room, now nearly dark, and replacing the shutter and its bolts, I flung myself upon my couch in a kind of despair. Was Uncle Gordon, with all his wealth and connections in the country, un able to trace me, or, having traced me, was he powerless ? and were the representatives ci my country powerless, to rescue me? If I were destined to. meet danger, owing to the " disturbed state of the country"—which was always being dinned into my ears—should I not meet it surrounded by fnendB? and what cbarm, what security could there be in living in empty halls full of Moorish ghosts, ana surrounding a courtyard full of lazy gipsieB ? Fatigued with these thoughts, I was just suffering my heart to revert to the considera tion of John Balfour, his features, his picture, and hiB ring, when the mother entered and biought me my second meal, which serves ! both for dinner and supper; for Hespia is two-meal country. I hardly noticed her put the things on the I table, nor saw what they were, nor stopped ' to thank her for them, but I rose and grasped her by the arm, and said, " Mother, to morrow I return to Villa Nueva. If none of ] your sons will come with me, I will ride alone: if they have no borse for me, I will walk." She looked at me earnestly, but only shook ber head gravely and moved her hand in the direction the men had taken, and pointed to the house at the corner, and then, selecting a bead from the to]) of those that encircled her left wrist, held it for a moment, and then passed it round till it came underneath the wrist. Then she pointed to the house again and nodded significantly. I did not understand, but forbore from askiDg her to put into words that which she evidently desired to convey by signs only. But I hit upon an intermediate fact on which to found a question that might be thought j harmless. " Who are those men ?' I asked. "The Brotherhood," she answered. " My daughter cannot go. The country is in a disturbed state." 