TEACKB D ; OB, The Bttnbury Mystery. A SToax-o* L6*a, Mwraric ano tfraiun. CHAPTER XIVH. BSBSIB SAYS c -XXS.* AT XiAttF. !ttat Philip Sovaea, after what he had stated of his intentions to Dr. Ingleby, would be long before putting them into practice, mug not Tery lttaly, and the v«y next afternoon saw him sending along the ««SBeway to Dyke— mightily determined Bessie should answer that question in solemn «arnest this time, and that there should be no farther mystery between them. Hiss Hyde, to tell the troth, had passed a sleepless night, a sight of starts and shivers, hopes and fears, such as is the luck of few of us to escape experience of ; she knew now she had staked her very all upon the ease, for she no longer attempted to' disguise from herself that she -was life bankrupt in love should Philip resign her. She had talked bravely enough about not being a clog round his neck, of never being a social drag upon him, of giving him up for Ma own good, and she meant every word of it ; but still she had never realised his giving her up. That might com© to pass, but it was at an undefined distance, not an immediate question. She might still hope, at all events, this hist stain might be removed from her family, that the step-father she had never seen might be absolved from, the murder of Wm -who had been so good a friend to her, that Phil's love might triumph over her own resolution. : All this was in the future j now she was face to face with it. Thirty -six ' hours, forty-eight at the outside, and she TOrald know whether all was ever between her and Phil Soames. If he had not spoken before tomorrow night, the chances were she would never see him again; if he had not spoken before the night after, Bhe knew if ever she saw him again it would be as no lover of hers. To say that the announcement of ' Mr. Soames !' made Bessie start and colour, would barely de scribe the girl's agitation ; but it had to be mas tered, and though she had a violent desire to run away, she knew that was ridiculous, that Phil's early visit was an augury of the best, and that it was impossible for the best intentioned and most ardent lover to propose if the object of his idolatry persistently refused him opportunity. So she iield her ground, and showed no sign of shiver in her manner as she greeted him. Mrs. Fossdyke weloomed him warmly, as usual ; and Miss Hyde, albeit her hand shook slightly, handed him his tea with very fair composure. * I am very glad to see you, Philip/ said Mrs. Fossdyke. She had aged and become much more subdued in manner since her husband's . death. 'I hear you have got a friend staying with you/ ' Yes, an old college chum, whom I hope you 'will permit me to introduce to you before very long.' * Ah, it's getting too late for me to make fresh acquaintances. It is not as it was when John ?was alive. I'm not going to mope or shut myself up, but I do feel all the spring's out of my life, Philip.' 'You can't expect to get over such a shock all at once,' he replied. ' Is it true that you have taken that cottage of old Morrison's, close tons?' 'It is and it isn't,* said Mrs. Fossdyke. 'I have not as yet, but I am thinking of doing so. It would be quite big enough for me and Bessie, and I don't wish to stay at Dyke even if I could.' * It will suit you admirably, and you will be close to most of your old friends. But I have come out, Mrs. Fossdyke, to beg a great favour of you.' Miss Hyde gave a slight start. ' A favour of me, Philip ! You should have come in the days of my opulence.' * There are plenty of favours to be craved at your hands yet, as you will find in due time, Mrs. FoEsdyke. What I have to ask is your permis sion to win this lady for my wife if I can,' and Philip rose as he spoke and bent his head to Mies Hyde. ' It's madness !' exclaimed Bessie, faintl^. ' Yes, street, and with method in it ; but let me only have Mrs. Fosedyke's permission, and I'll endeavour to explain it.* 'She is as good a girl as ever stepped!' ex claimed the mistress of Dyke as soon as she had recovered from her astonishment, delighted to find that her pet project was on the eve of accom plishment. *You have not only my sanction, but, Bessie, my dear, if you take my advice, you will treat him kindly.' ' You know all, Philip ; you are sure you know all ?' faltered the girl. ' Dr. Ingleby has told me everything, and now I know your secret, I laugh at it; as I have al ways prophesied I should ; and now, Bessie, be fore Mrs. Fossdyke, I ask you solemnly will you be my wife ?' ' Stop,* cried Mrs. Fossdyke, ' I don't like this ; more mystery ; there's usually misery with mys tery. Bessie/ she continued, sadly, 'what is this secret of yours ? . Alas ! it has brought woe to me already : the bitterest quarrel ever I had with poor John was about that. Is every one to know it but me ? Am I to be ever hearing of it, but never hear it ? I think, child, I deserve your confidence better.' Bessie half sprang from, her chair, then dropped back, and with wet lashes cast an appealing glance to her lover. Philip responded at once : ' Mrs. Fossdyke, spare me Bessie for a short time, and on her return she shall tell you every thing. I trust by that to have obtained the right to advise her. Come ! you -came for a stroll 'with me not long ago, and I hope you will send away a happier man to-night than you did on that occasion.' The two ladies seemed swept away by this de cisive, dictatorial young man. Mrs. Foesdyke simply pressed his hand, and wished him' success as she bade him good-bye; while Bessie .quietly got up and followed . him out of the room, took her hat, and flung a woollen shawl round . her as she passed through, the hall, and then they step ped out, and he led her to the now leafless rosery ; there he stepped abruptly, no word had as yet passed between them, and said, almost brusquely, * Bessie, how is it to be ?' For a few seconds she felt indignant at his ab ruptness, and then she reflected that this was the third time this man had asked her to marry him; that even the knowledge of her history had. xiade no difference whatever in his 6teady devotion; that she loved him dearly ; and, lastly, if they once got over the first shock, women more often than not succumb to these blunt wooers. 'Philip/ she said at last, ' it shall be as you wilL' 'Then, dearest, you belong to me/ was his re joinder, and he clasped her in bis arms and kissed her. ' Now, Bessie, I have nothing in the main, remember, to learn about your history ; but I do want to ask you one or two questions. How much &o; you know of your mother ?' 'Next to nothing; as I told Dr. Ingleby, X have seen her only occasionally. Such a fine hand some woman, and with a charming voioe and manner. She kissed ' me and fondled me, but seemed always under some sort of restraint, and if, as more than once happened, my aunt inter rupted our interview, she immediately became formal and cold in her manner. I am sure she was bound by some compact to be nothing more than a mere nominal mother to me. When I implored her to let me come and see her* she said it was impossible, and 1 never even saw her house, nor do I know where she lives. I think my mother and I could have loved each other dearly if ire had ever been given the chance, but we saw each other so rarely.* 'And what about your Biater-r-half -sister, I mean?' ' Sister I* «zdaimed Bessie. *I didn't know I had«ae/ :.??:? : .. : ' Well, she is only your half-sister j but Mydia Poiboioogh is, X- am told, a vsry pretty and ehanning girl.' 'I should like that. . I should like to have a sister. Phi}, .Shall I »ver know her, I wonder f ' eaid Be«i«, softly. 'YeB.yotmill know fcer,end**e* mat deal of her, litete woman, I bope- ln days shortly to oome. Ton hare heard J h*T« *n -A& ooflega cham staying with me f ' You told us so at tea-time/ * WeU i»,Herbe^ Jttbi^U-«a««ed to many Nydia JToxborough, cad I intend that Herbert Unas* «fcsBV4em brwrse and fbesoms Ajyartaev when a man's really in love I oan vouch for hi becoming very resolute/ concluded Phil» laugh ing. ' Very desperate/ interposed Bessie. ' I oan't give you back your troth now* dearest. I'm too 'selfish, it would break my heart j but . I'm afraid, Phil, you are not doing a very prudent thing in marrying, me, but to take care of my unknown i sister besides is too good of you— for. you are in I directly taking care of her, you know. You must | bring this Mr. Morant out and let me know him. I shall be so pleased to talk to him about Nydia.' ' Yes/ laughed Phil, ? and, great heavens, won't he jump at the opportunity. I've a good deal of difficulty in suppressing a tendency to talk to him about you ; but I doubt whether I should be allowed if I tried, Herbert has so much to say about your sister. She's a sweetly pretty girl, judging from her photograph, but not in the least like you, though I hear she is a miniature edition of her mother.' * Mamma is tall/ observed Bessie. ' And Mid, aa Herbert calls her, petite. She is endowed with every charm and virtue under the sun. I need scarcely say that the testimony is biassed ; and if a man iB not biassed in favour of his betrothed, he's not in love with her. If she be not all grace and perfection in his eyes, ?well!' ' Well, what ?' asked Bessie, roguishly. ' His fetters are not snapped .. to/ rejoined Soames, laughing. 'Mine, darling, are well rivetted, and faith when .you talk to Herbert Morant I think you will adroit his manacles are satisfactorily soldered on.' ♦Ah, well,. I shall be charmed to listen to him for a long afternoon. I have always so longed for a sister, and you say she is nice.' 'No, pardon xae, I never said so. Herbert does; he knows her, and I don't. . All I say is, if the sun don't lie, she should be a very pretty girl, but I've only seen her photograph.'. - ' When am I to see her ?' asked Bessie. ' Ah ! that I can't say. It depends a little upon- this miserable murder. I fancy the. police have rather changed their views about it of late, but they don't take us into their confidence. Miss Foxborough down here just at present would be an. impossibility, you know.* ' Yes, and I fervently trust that Mr. Foxborough will be acquitted of the crime. It would be a wall between Nydia and myself were it other wise.' ' For the present, perhaps, yes, but not of neces sity in the future. In the meanwhile we must not speculate on disagreeable subjects.' ' But, Philip,' eaid Beseie, in a low tone, as they continued to pace up and down, ' am I to tell Mrs. Fosedyke all my story ? Would it be best?' ' Yes ! tell her everything, prefacing it with the intimation that you are pledged to be my wife.* ' It shall be as my lord wills,' rejoined Bessie ; ' but I own I think it will pain Mrs. Fossdyke.' Phil Soames gave a low laugh ere he replied : ' To think, dearest, a man's wit for once in a case of this sort should eclipse a woman's. Mrs. Fo&Bdyke; may be a little startled at first, but in telling your story you will, of course, make her clearly understand you never even saw your step father. Well, you will satisfy no little curiosity Bhe feels about your previous life, and the an nouncement that we are engaged will, I am cure please her. You know, Bessie, as well as I do that though she has never been so injudicious as to attempt matchmaking between us, she has in many little ways never attempted to conceal that she would be pleased if we did happen to take a fancy to one another. ' Philip,' cried the girl, as the blood rushed to her temples, ' you have no right to talk like that. It seems ? ' ' Stop/ interrupted Soames, ' it seems as if you were about to observe that one of the twain was a long while taking that fancy. She can't say it was altogether my fault for, my darling, if ever a man won a bride by thorough belief in her, de voted love for her, and persistent refusal not to take ' no ' for an answer, I think I did. I'll hear no more against Mrs. Fossdyke.' ' I wasn't going to say anything against her. What I meant was this' ? , cried Bessie. ' Which was not in the least the case,' replied* Phfl. 'You were going to insinuate that, like; Benedick, I was trapped into falling in love with you* Not a bit of it ; before I'd known you six weeks I'd vowed to marry you, and on my word, i Bessie, there -was a time when I thought I was ? like to be foresworn.' ' For your sake, my love/ 3he replied, softly. ' If it had not been for that, Philip, I am afraid I should have surrendered at the first assault, and that the telegraph board on the cricket field would only have recorded the half of your triumphs.' Soames pressed her arm in reply, and said, ' Walk with me to the gate, Bessie, for it is time I got home to entertain your brother-in-law, that is to be, after all these family matters are ar ranged.' * And you are Bure I had better tell Mrs. Foss dyke everything ?' asked the girl, as they strolled down the drive. ' Quite, because, Bessie, she might learn the story in some shape at any time now. We have thought it best to let the police know everything, and though they promise not to make unneces sary parade of the knowledge we have afforded them, it is quite possible that they may have no help for it.' i * Were you right to tell them so much ?' * Yes, Bessie, I think so. One has no right to keep back evidence that seems to bear upon a great crime, or, for the matter of that, a 'little one. In our case all I can say is, the officer in charge of the case seemB to think we have done Foxborough good service. I don't in the least understand how, nor did he condescend to ex plain; but, my darling, straightforward policy generally seems to me to be most profitable in this world in the long run. Now. pet, give me a kiss, and then scamper home, and remember you've sent a real happy man on his road home to-night.' So saying, Phil clasped the girl in his arms, and claimed lawful tribute from her freely yielded lips. : * Good night ! and away with you/ he said, as he released her. 'Don't be afraid but that, though she may weep a. bit after your story, Mrs. Fossdyke will be very pleased with it on the whole. Once more, good night.* Bessie sped home with a light heart. Confes sion to Mrs. Fossdyke might be awkward, but what did it matter ? Philip loved her. She was Philip's now, spite of everything. He knew all about her, and clasped her to hie breast and called her his plighted wife, and laughed at the idea of her poor biography making any kind of difference in his feelings. Ah ! yes, as Philip's fiancee, and authorised by Mm to tell it, what recked she if the world knew her whole story. Personally she knew she was blameless. CHAPTER 3XVHI. MB. CTJBEMOBE GrBTS TJlfCOJCFOBTABIiB. That men have infatuations about, women past comprehension is an axiom as indisputable in life as that a line is the shortest distance between two points in mathematics. 'What does he see in her ?' demand bis friendB, angrily and with justice ; she may be vulgar, and even of dubious beauty, but no matter, she has fascinated that man ; it may be for days or it may be for ever, but though of mature age,. he will be blind as a newly-born puppy to her demerits. What does he see in her i Wood Lord, he could not answer that question in the least}. He would tell you that she was lovely, deny that she was vulgar, and assert upon oath that her English was faultless. Useless to reason with these in fatuated ones. Safer far to emulate that astute philosopher who, upon being condoled with about nis brother's mesalliance, quietly retorted t * What is these to howl about P Charlie would never have been happy with a lady.' Mr. Cudemord was quite off his balance about Nid Foxborough. Be had fair grounds for hiB infatuation. The gW. was pretty, and bad been thoroughly educated ; there were none of the vulgarisms mentioned above in her $ but she had never given bun the slightest encouragement* nor had he indeed ever been afforded much op portunity of pushing bis suit ; but for all that My. Oademore w*s moat resolute in bis deter mination to marry her. He was working hard to get t^Syringa mainly into bis own hand!, ; and had-abeady, assumed a control there -to which lie waBbynomeanflentifledj What distraesM^w at present tntanpUfid's indiftaenee to his smt —that he wasprepared for— but her mother's in. j differencetothViosa 'of the management of the all hope of carrying bis pointas a mere wooer, but be did think pressure about the Syringa might do wonders to him. To bis dismay, Mrs. Foxborough seemed to care little whether she stayed or left. He had trusted much upon this leverage in the game he conceived James Fox-, borough's death had opened out to him. Another thing whioh had gone awry with the money lender was this. He was, of course, aware that Herbert Morant was bis successful rival. He had held some bills of Moranfa, and Mr. Cude more's experience of young men told -him that the first bill, like the first wood-cock, was but the precursor of the flight. He bad looked forward at no little distance of time to having the young man most thoroughly under his thumb ; but, to ? his great astonishment, Herbert Morant had promptly taken up his bills as soon as they be came due, and shown no wish . to contract fresh obligations ; consequent, indeed, on his love for Nid, and desired to Bet to work to make a home for her ; but Mr. Cudemore did not know all this, or I am afraid that maledictions thick and thorough would have fallen from beneath his well-waxed moustache, ? ? ? He could not be said to have a rosy time of it altogether, this jackal that preyed on the neces sities of his brethren. Your professional affairs may run favourably enough, but most men have some aim utterly outside that, and the mark that particularly attracted Mr. Cudemore's attention at this moment seemed considerably beyond his attainment. Still he was of that pertinacious temperament that sometimes achieves the fulfil ment of its desires-by its dogged perseverance. One thing, quietly as he had. passed it by, had struck Mr. Cudemore during hi* interview with Mrs. Foxborough — to wit, her statement that the police no longer thought her husband guilty of the Bunbury murder. It was considerably to his interest, he thought, that Foxborough should be help guilty of that crime, and he resolved to call upon Mr. Sturton, and endeavour to ascertain from him what Scotland Yard had thought of the information he had brought them. The great Bond-street maestro was at home, or, to speak more correctly, at his place of busi ness. As for home, he resided in a charming house, standing in excessively pretty grounds out in West Kensington, where were plenty of ser vants, saddle and carriage horses, a French cook, a Scotch gardener, and conservatories ; his sons were at the universities, and though far more conservative in their professions than their father, with much leas real reverence for a lord. As Coleridge had a contemptuous belief in ghosts, such as he might hold in cabbages, because he had seen so many of them, so had these young men discovered that hereditary rank was simply the result of successful spoliation and corruption in the days gone by, and its descendants by no means gifted above the sons of men. Mr. Sturton was at his place of business, and Mr. Cudemore was at once ushered into the sartorial potentate's private sanctum. — a simply-furnished room at the back of the shop, where Mr. Sturton, seated at his writing-table, was quietly engaged in an swering the heavy batch of letters ?which each morning brought him. ' Ah, Cudemore/. he said, in his usual languid manner ; ' pray, sit down ; excuse me for two minutes while I just finish this, and then I snail be ready to talk to you.' A few minutes, and then Sturtou threw down his pen, and pulling Mb chair round, said Quietly — ,. ' Now, then, what is it !' He and Mr. Cudemore were not wont to indulge in ceremonious calling upon each other. * What did they say to yon at Scotland Yard the other day ?' inquired the money-lender, with out further preamble. { You needn'tfeel the least uncomfortable about my going there anyway, for your name has never been mentioned, while mine they promised to keep dark unless absolutely compelled to bring it for ward, which they did not in the least anticipate. I saw Sergeant Usher, the detective officer in charge of the case, and he said my information might tnrn out of great value to them, but would probably never lead to their requiring any evi dence from me, and that certaialy at present they would infinitely prefer my keeping my mouth closed on the subject-* , 1 ' I am told the police begin to thin* that* F ox4 borough did not commit the crime. Is that true ? What does Sergeant Usher think about it ?' - ' I am sure I don*t.know/ replied Mr. Sturton, 'and from what I saw of Sergeant Usher I should say he's very unlikely to let any mortal soul know his opinion on the subject till he's got someone on his trial for the murder.. I should think he would talk affably and apparently openly with you for a week, and at the end of it you wouldn't have discovered what he thought about anything. I see a good bit of human nature, you know — you can't help measuring men's minds a little while you are measuring their bodies, that is if you are an artist. There are customers who never know exactly what they want, and whom you may persuade to do any thing. Others who equally don't know what they want, but suspect yon if you attempt to assist the wobbling ideas that do duty with them for a mind ; there's the customer you can't please, do what you will, angular in body as in opinion ; there's the man who hates trying on, hates order ing clothes at all, and pays ready money ; there's the man who delights in both first, but abhors the latter part of the ceremony. Hasnt Carlyle written a book about it ; and, good Lord, if he had only had me to prompt him ! Ours is one of the great arts, and the day will soon come when it shall be acknowledged as such. You've JEb.A.'s, and I don't see who there shouldn't be fi.T.'s 5 and as the age gets more advanced, and the general fusion of things begins, there's no doubt whatever ' — and here the great democratic tailor stopped abruptly, his tongue having a little over run his denned opinions upon the coming up heaval. A thing which happens notably to many of our legislators, and accounts for the conse quent abrupt termination of some of their bursts of eloquence with which they are wont to elec trify their constituents. Mr. Cudemore was of a narrow-minded but practical turn of mind. He stared with undis guised astonishment while bis friend delivered himself of the above rhapsody, but -would, had his thoughts been put into English, have expressed, himself somehow in this wise : AH men have their faults, I know. It's the weak point in their organisation, which, carried to excess, men call madness. Only I know Stur ton to be a thorough business practical man, I should wonder why bis friends didn't shut him up, that is to say if he ever lets out in this way to them. I! — hum, if I could — should charge him another ten per cent, for it; ' Then this Sergeant Usher did'nt really tell you he considered Foxborough had nothing to do with the crime P' remarked Mr. Cudemore, at length. ? Certainly not—what put that into your head?' ' The papers, I believe/ rejoined the money lender, carelessly ; 'and then J misunderstood you about your interview at Scotland Yard.* 'I told .you clearly/ rejoined Sturton, 'that Usher, like a colourless photograph, expressed nothing. Voluble, very, on occasions , that is, it struck me if I didn't talk : but mute as a mouse when I'd anything to say. I know nothing about the opinion of Scotland Yard whatever.* ' Ah ! well, I felt a little curious to know what they thought of your confession/ rejoined Mr. Cudemore, rising, 'and also .whether the making of it had brought you -peace of mind. ' The sooner you understand I mean invariably to take my own way the better/ rejoined Sturton sharply, and with a quiokness that the money lender had never given him credit for. ' It is very easy to transfer such business as I have with you to another of the fraternity.* 'And suppose I ohoEe. to bruit abroad our former relations, afterwards/ rejoined Cudemore, sulleaigr. .......???- * I should deliberately and as assuredly ruin .you. ' Fool that 'you axe 1 Can't you «ee that small capitalists like jon are at the meroy .of the bigger men who employ them/ retorted Mr. Sturton, calmly. 'All the leading men in my profession are reported to lend money to their customers -whether they -io or not. - You eanfi do me muoh b*rm, but, my *sar ChdemBre, I shall assuredly break you. I pull strings that your Jimitedmind hat no conception of.' ' I don't want to quarrel,' replied the money iender,. 'TJnless TrijSi an object it's always* mistake j but when you «un counter to my jiewB I like to know the why of it. We'll change the subject. How about; young Morant. Is he still on your books f Has he taken up all his ' JTo, that's the man who stands in you* way with Miss Foxborough, ten't be P He has aquaced up '*''* left ue, -ana when they do that ox Their own aocord, it usually means that they b*ve- taken to the business of life in some fashion^ Flying kites and West-end tailors don't quite accord with suoh utilitarian views.' , The conversation was again verging a little too deep for the money-lender and it may be doubted whether Mr. Sturton really comprehended whafr he meant by bis last observation. A tendency to inflated language 'is one of the characteristics of all platform oratory of the present day. Mr. Oudemore thought there was no more to be said, and no more to be learned, so he gravely and impressively wished the Bond-street magnate good-bye. Somewhat staggered, Mr. Cudemore got out of the house, having found this man of so much tougher calibre than he had deemed him, «o utterly unmalleable and determinate about baying bis own way. Still he did recog nise Station's grim formula that when the brazen pots and the earthen quarrel it is bad for the latter, and felt that to succumb with grace to his principal's dictum was all that was left to him. He had. been slow to. perceive this, but was quite awake now to the fact that this languid man had a most peremptory will of his own, and was hardly to be turned from it. Musing over this, to him by no means pleasing discovery, he arrived at bis house in Spring Gar dens, and proceeded without going into his office to ascend the stairs to his own private apart ments. As he turned the angle of the staircase he caught sight of his junior clerk — office boy, perhaps, would more fittingly describe him — coming, as it appeared to him, out of his ?(Cude- more's} bedroom. ' What the deuce are you doing up here ?' in quired the money-lender, angrily, as the pair met. f I came up to see if you were in, sir. There's a gent of the name of Smithson wanting to see you terrible bad.' ' Where's his card ?' inquired Mr. Cudemore. ' He had'nt got one/ rejoined Tim, for such was the sobriquet by which this composite of clerk and office boy was known in the establish ment ; doubtful even whether his master knew his legitimate patronymic. ' Show him up, then, at once/ rejoined Cude more. ' He's loft, sir ; said he would call again in an hour, when he heard you were out.' ? ' How the devil did he hear I was out, you young cheat-the- gallows, when you have just made the discovery ?' ' I told him I thought you were/ replied Tim, flippantly, 'and he wouldn't wait till I ran up to see ? ' ' Look here rny young friend, it strikes me you're lying on a pretty extensive scale. You knew I was out, to begin with,?' 'Certainly, sir, but I was not quite sure you had not come in.' 'Clients who come to see me generally leave or produce cards/ said the money-lender. * Well, this one wouldn't/ rejoined Tim, dog gedly. ' And what business, sir, had you to suppose you would find me in my bedroom ?' ' I didn't. I went to look for you in your sitting room, and, not finding him there, ran upstairs on the off chance. The door being open, I peered in. You were not there, and I thought it best to shut it behind me.' ' I could have taken my oath, almost, you were coming out of the room when I caught 6ight of you.* * Well, it may be I'd had my neck, and perhaps a foot, over the threshold. I'm very sorry if I've done wrong, Mr. Cudemore ; but this gentleman was so urgent, and I really didn't know whether you were in or out.' ' That'll do/ replied the money-lender curtly ; * but remember, if ever I find you above the first floor again, you go, and with no recommendation for further employment from me.' Tim said nothing in return, but disappeared promptly to his legitimate sphere. ' Now, what was that cursed young liar prowl ing about my bedroom for ?' mused Mr. Cude more, as he entered his sitting-room and lit a cigar. 