Turf Talk A very sensible letter from the pen of Dr. L. L. Smith is extracted irom the Australasian, and appears in our columns this week. Even our Prince of Handicappers occasionally falls into the error complained of ; but it is to be hoped that the doctor will change his mind and not dis pose of his stud, for the turf can ill afford to loBe the assist ance of an honest man. It is said that the Canterbury (N. Z.) Jockey Club intend fn nnrtninf o niiWin hafiditinnnpr at a RRlflru nf A. vpnr. Beau Brummel, by George Frederick from Ma Belle, now rules as first favourite for the English Derby, and Fred Archer will have the mount. The fashionably bred Tubal Cain died a few days ago at Mr. S. Gardiner's stud farm, Bundoona Park (Victoria). He was becoming very popular as a sire, and was by Iregeagle (imp.) fiom Zillah, by Stockowner (imp.) from Omen (imp.), by Melbourne from Stormy Petrel, by Sheet Anchor from the Warwick mare, &c.; A capital programme has been issued by the Sydney Turf Club to be played out at Raudwick on the Queen's Birthday. On the 14th of this month entries will close for the events to be decided at Cautfield on the 21st of April. The Victoria Amateur Turf Club Meeting was originally fixed to take place on the 28th of April, but by request it has been advanced to the date above mentioned. A trotting meeting is to como off atElsternwick Park on Saturday next. The full programme for the Dubbo Meeting, which is to take place on the 3rd and 4th of May, appeared amongst our advertisements last week. The general entry is to close with the hon. secretary, Mr. N. Mailer, on the 2Sth of this month. The handicaps are to close on Wednesday next, the 11th. The Wanganui Autumn Meeting would seem to have been a great success. A dozen started for the Derby, for which Fame and Parera were most in favour, and the public were right, for the places were filled by Fame, by The Fainter from Maid or the Mist ; Parera, by Lillipee from Titania ; and Landseer, by The Painter from Queen Bess. Nine out of the 12 starters were fillies, and the other three were geldings; and the mile and a-half was done in 2.47 4-5. The Wanganui Cup (2£ miles) was won by the N. S. W. bred horse King Qnail, aged, by Yattendon from Quail, who carried 8Bt. 5lb., and won by two leDgtha in 4.12f, beating Buzzard, by Day Dawn from Zillah, 3 years, 6st. 91b., the Derby winner, Fame, by The Painter from Maid of the Mist, 3 years, 6st. 71b., and four others. King Quail also won the Wanganui Stakes, 2 miles, with 9at. 41b., beating Buzzard, 7st. 01b., Dan, 8st. 71b., Blue Gown, fist. 1 lib., in 3.40. The following results were recorded at the late Williams town Meeting Hurdle Race, 2 miles : Tarree, 9st. 71b., 1 ; Stormbird, 9st., 2; Merrymaid, 10st., 3. Altona Handicap, 6 furlongs : The Ghost, 9st., 1 ; Honora, 7et. 41b., 2 ; Haidee of the Bills, 8st., 31b., 3. Telegraph Stakes, 4 furlongs: Dcctor, 7st. 71b., 1; Queen Elizabeth, Ost. 121b., 2; Kanoota, 4st. 01b., 3. Galloway Stakes, 5 furlongs: Prattle, 1 ; Village Lass, 2 ; Flying Bee, 3. Steeplechase, 2 miles; Premier, lOst. 71b., 1 ; Breechloader, lOst. 41b., 2; Ascot, lOst., 3. Seaford Handicap, one mile and a quarter : Black Diamond, 7st., 1 ; Dougalston, 7st. 71b., 2; L'Afri ciane, Ost. 41b., 3. He ncsty, the trotter, who recently performed so well at Elsternwick, has been purchased by Mr. J. White for 1000 sovs. The Cobar handicaps are to close on Monday next, the 9th of April; and the Forbes general entry is to close on the following Wednesday. On Monday week, rominations will fall due for the Sydney Turf Club, Birthday Cup, and the Royal Park Stakes. At a meeting of the Mudgee Turf Club, held this week, it was decided to hold the annual races on the 24th May. Our Grafton correspondent telegraphs to the effect that the programme of the Clarence River Jockey Club annual races, to be held on the 11th and I2th July next, will in clude prizes amounting to £710 with added money, which includes two handicaps of £200 and £100. A London paper says : — ' Craig Millar, one of the hand somest horses that ever looked through a bridle, has been sold for the enormous sum of 6500 sovs. to Couut Ivan Szapary, acting on behalf of the Hungarian Government. This horse's stock are always hardy, and therefore he is a suitable animal for a country where Buch extremes of heat and cold are experienced. Both Blair Athol's best sous, Silvio and Craig Millar, have now been sold out of the country : but fortunately the majority of his mares are left to keep his memory green. The great American horse, Foxall,'will probably take Craig Millar's plaoe at Harden, whin he leaves the turf for the stud.' The settling over the late Autumn Meeting of the Aus tralian Jockey Club took place at Tattorsall's on Tuesday, when the following sums were called: — Mr. A. F. Smart, £1824 15s.; Hon. E. K. Cox, £1075: Messrs. James WilEpn and William Branch, £1193 10s.: Mr. E. De Mestre, £566; lion. James White, £382.15s. ; Mr. S. W. Knight, £367 : Mr. J. Redfearn, £350 ; Mr. Jas. Monaghan, £346; Mr. William Kelso, £332 ; Mr.C. 8. Agnew, £244; Mr. T. L. Baker, £226; Mr. Geotge Osborne, £211; Mr. E. H. Weston, £203 ; Hon. John Eales, £150 ; Mr. Wil liam Gannon, £150; Mr. T. S. Clibborn, £150; Mr. A. Loder, £145; Mr. P. Lillis, £100; Mr. Thimas Brown, £100; Dr. A. Nash, £25: total, £8140. The stakes on the Steeplechase, amounting to £241, are held over. The general settling iollowed, and was not very satisfactory, as several backers were inquired after. The following were the prices obtained at Mr. T. S. Clib horn's sale on Monday : — A chestnut colt, by Sunlight from Myrtle, to Mr. W. OrbelJ, for 22 guineas ; a chestnut colt, by Sunl'ght from Anna, to Mr. E. M'Carty,for 17 guineas; a bay colt, by Sunlight from Coronation, to Mr. M'Euery, lor 14 guineas ; Expert, by Sunlight from Gipsy, to Mr. Adams, for 50 guineas ; Wiileroo, by Zetland from Rose bud, to Mr. W. Kelso, for 260 guineas ; Silver Arrow, by Tbe Drummer, to Mr. E. Weekcs, for 80 goiueas ; Elastic, by Lord of the Hills from Emeute, to Mr. Knox for ISO guineas; Florrie, by Bylong. to Mr. E. Weekesj for JO guineas; a chestnut mare by The Drummer from The Fly, to Mr. Sampson, for 35 guineas; brown fill v by Em peror, to Mr. H.Gibson, for 18 guineas; Brian Bora, to Mr. T. R. Smith, for 100 guineas ; Loiter, to Mr. F. Sachs for 80 guineas ; Deloe, to Mr. E. Weekes, for 100 guineas* Fairfield, to Mr. Roberts, for 60 guineas ; Kettledrum, to Mr. Morrison, for 50 guineas ; Musjid, to Mr. Stanley, for 100 guineas; and Dreamland, to Mr. W. Orbell, for 50 guineas. Mr. Forrester has sold Vosemite to go to New Caledonia for 100 guineas, and he should pay his way on tbe island. The stewards of the Glen Innes race club met on the 29tb ultimo, our correspondent telegraphs, and decided not to pay over the money for the Tally- ho Stakes. It will be remem bered that the hurdles were cut in die race. From Melbourne we learn by telegram that Sir Thomas Elder's horses, including Guesswork and Tyropean, re turned to Adelaide by the steamer Victorian on the 29th ultimo. The further inquiry into the question of Hubbub or HopeleEB will be held on Monday next. I have received a circular from Mr. Gladstone Eyre, por trait painter in oil, 37 5, George-street, Sydney, announcing that he will be willing to receive subscriptions towards a life-sized portrait in oil of the much-esteemed Mr. John Tail. The idea is a good one, and few who have had their purses lined by the victories of the bearers of the ' yellow and black ' would be likely to refuse to assist in the matter, were it not for one very serious consideration. For more thaa a quarter of a century Mr. Tait raced honourably and straightforwardly in the interest of the public of New South Wales, and it is only a gracious act for hiB fellow colonis-8 to pay him the compliment intended; but the circular states that the portrait will be hung in the Vic torian Club Rooms, Bourke-street, Melbourne. Now, Mr. Tait belongs to N ew South Wales, has always raced his horses in the interest of this colony, and yet his fellow colonists arenowcolltd upon to subscribe to a picture to be exhibited in Victoria. The proposition is an insult to the common sense ol the. sporting community of New South Wales, and 1 have no doubt that Mr. Eyre will find that they know how to reeent it. Let it be exhibited at Sydney Tattersall's, and it would be the right thing in the right place ; hut to sind it to Melbourne would be like sending Sir Thomas Elder's portrait to Fiji. The committee of the Parramatta Jockey Club will not hold their next meeting ULtil the Prince ol Wales' Birth day, when the races will be held oh the Lev course, the trustees of the Parramatta Park .having refused to renew the lease of the Park-course. A general meeting of the members of the club will be held on Monday evening, the 16th instant. 