THE LONG-RANGED ROARER. About the year 1851 the most influen tial man in San Antonio was an alleged desperado named Bob Augnsiine. Bob came to San Antonio with a fearful record. He enjoyed the reputation of having killed a dozen or so of men, and was re spected accordingly. While he was in San Antonio he did not reduce it at all, but that was not his fault. He had a se ductive way of drawing his eig-hteen-inch Arkansas toothpick, and examining it critically with a sinister suiile, while humbly requesting the temporary loan of 5 dois. Thus it was that Bob went about acquiring wealth and warm personal friends, but creating no funerals. There were rumors that Bob was playing bluff, but that was after he had marched away. It was during the reign of Bob Augus tine, " the long-ranged roarer of the Cal veras Canon," as he familiarly called himself, that a young man from Boston named John Winthrop, came to San Antonio, presumably in search of health, as he brought very little with him. He was far gone in consumption, and nothing but the fact that he had but a short time to live, unless the climate of Western Texas saved him, induced him to come to San Antonio. As everybody carried a pistol, Winthrop did not care to insult public decency by going unarmed. Be sides, such a course might as seriously in terfere with his restoration to health as putting on a clean shirt. His Puritan training caused him to re volt at the idea of carrying firearms, so he resorted to an artifice. He wore a holster, but instead of keeping a pistol in it, he had his cash funds stored away in it, and nobody was the wiser for it. On the contrary, Wiuthrop was looked up to by the best citizens just the same as if he was loaded down with deadly weapons. Of course everybody tried to make the stranger from Massachusetts as comfort able as if he was at home ; so he was told all about Bob Augustine, the long-ranged roarer, at least ten tuned a day, and he was advised not to be particular in asking security for the debt in case the Roarer wanted to borrow a small loan, unless he, Wiuthrop did not wish to regain bis health. As might have been expected, the long ranged Roarer called on Win tin op to col lect his usual assessments on strangers. Winthrop was of the opinion that if it would save his life and lose all his money he would be doing unusually well. The long-ranged Roarer's idea was to chase the blue-bellied Yankee around the room for a time or so, collect five or ten dollars, and perhaps make some ear-marks, a la \ Whittaker, so he would know him in a ! crowd if he should meet him again. ] The long-ranged Roarer sauntered into Wintlirop's room at the hotel, but before i the desperado could open his mouth or I draw a weapon the unfortunate Yankee ! threw back his emit, and with trembling fingers tugged at his pistol holster to get at his money to appease the would- be as sassin. On the other hand, as soon as the Roarer saw Winthrop trying to get ont . his pistol he turned as a ghost Tin» -al leged desperado's knees knocked together," the cold sweat boiled out. all over him, and he extended his hand and said, tremb lingly : *' Don't draw, good Mr. Yankee ! I was only trying to fool you. My bold Ar kausaw heart beats for you, my boy. I jest wanted to teach you a lesson. Never let any darned galloot get the drop on you. If anybody insults you, jest tell them that Bob Augustine, the Roarer, is your friend." Winthrop, who was more scared, if possible, than the Roarer, replied : " Oh, I'll give you what you want," and kept on tugging at the holster, which came unbuckled. With a yell of dismay the desperado passed out through the window, carrying off the sash, and ran down Commodore street, the priucipal thoroughfare, with the sash on his neck, howling, " Police ! police !" closely pursued by Winthrop, who kept on tugging his holster, trying to get out his money, he believing that I the desperado was running to his room to 1 procure a shotgun with which to commit j murder. All that afternoon Winthrop kept on hunting the Roarer to procure peace on any terms, and the Roarer him self to avoid the pistol of the Boston man. Next morning the long-ranged Roarer of. the Calyeras Canon was missing, and Winthrop was the lion of the day forhav- j ing run off the terror of the Alamo City. 