AN INTERESTING OLD POEM. k In the remote and time-cloud-covered days when this city was called Rome, there lived upon the two islands lying westward of the State of Gaul, three, -or, according to some historians, four peoples, who were known collectively as "The British." They were wealthy and powerful; their possessions r( were so numerous that they were able to boast that the sun never went down upon h their -dominions; but inasmuch as they k were grasping, selfish and cruel, they were hated as much as they were feared, and it was with secret satisfaction that the unmis- t takable signs of their decadence were ob. served by the other "nations" about the close of the nineteenth century. When, in the year 2000, the First Parliament of Man as. sembled in this city, and the Federation of the World was proclaimed, the British nation I refused to become parties to it; the Federal Parliament resolved to employ force for the last time, and accordingly a Monitor, with two members of the International Academy and an engineer, was sent to compel obedi enceto the world's will In those days there were no inter.stellar or inter-planetary com munication, so that the'British were com pelled to remain where they were and meet i 'their fate. The rest is a matter of history. We all know how an accident happened to the powerful Monitor, and how she and the island ,of Britain were blown so utterly to pieces that no trace of them- was ever discovered. The adjacent island, which had long been rendered a howling wilderness by the British, suffered littleby the explosion, and gradually became what we now know it-a delightful garden, to which people from all parts of the d globe flocked to enjoy the summer evenings. A gentleman from Neopolis (the ancient New York), while spending an evening lately in the suburbs of dlogiopolis (formerly Dublin), found in the store of a dealer in antiquities a very curious and ancient little volume, which is the subject of the present article. The text is executed in the clumsy style of the ancients known as "print,' which preceded oar beautiful photoretinative process. by j which thoughts are fixed upon paper almost as rapidly as they arise in thu mind. The book is entitled - "The .House that Jack l.uilt," and each page is illustrated with glowing pictures of great beauty, the colors d remaining as fresh and bright as when they were laid on so many thousand years ago. The freedom, force and vigor of the drawing also command our admiration. These won derful old ancestors of ours, semi.barbar ons though they were,'had an intense love for, and acute preception of, the true and the beautiful, producing results that we, with all our vaunted progress, vainly attempt to excel. These pictures areinvaluable from an archmalogical point of view. In the first we have a rigorous representation of a dwelling of the period. It accords very little with our ideas of biauty or utility, being a mere rectangular block with oblong holes cut in it to serve as doors and windows. Through the open door can be seen a series of steps, one above the other, by which our forefathers climbed laboriously to the upper apartments. These were called "stairs," and are alluded to in a curious ballad preserved in the library of the International Museum, and entitled "Sich.a gittin' up stairs I never did see." From this ballad it appears that the incon venience of the "stairs" was felt and ac knowledged by the ancients. The text ap plicable to this illustration reads: "This is the House that Jack built." There is an ad mirable simplicity and terseness about this. There is no subtle train of thought such as our writers employ to lead up to the central idea.- No!-disdaining all periphrasis and circumlocution, the author boldly plunges 9 in medias res and puts the key of the illustra. tion at once into the hands of the reader, ex. 9 claiming simply "This is the House that Jack built ' We have to regret that some more definite information is not given us as :n the personality of "Jack." Doubtless, however, he was some great sage or mighty chieftain-or, still more probable, some enor monsay wealthy millionaire (for in those be. nighted times money was accounted the highest good, and the phrase " the almighty dollar" was proverbial)-but whoever, or whatever, he was, even his memory has per \- ished, and only through the little book before ,t ,ad iow"_ow that such a personage ever '" transit gloria: -~C S" : he second picture repr.!sents a chamber if the house, with a large bag lying in one cor'er; and beneath is the legend: "This is the Malt that lay in the House that Jack built." What Jalt was we can only conjec ture. On.- ancestors used bags filled with the feathers o' birds for sleeping upon, and it has been plwusibly suggested that these bags were called "moults" because the feathers were only obtainable from moulting birds; and what lends color to this theory is, that about the time when this poem is sup. posed to have been written, there flourished a "society for the prevention of cruelty to ani mals," under the leadership of one Bergh, and in the MSS. in the International Museum isa decree of this society forbidding the pluck ing of live birds, under a penalty of being flayed alive. How such cruelty to human beings was reconciled with such tenderness toward the lower animals, is a mystery, but the records of the ancients are fall of similar contradictions. The suggestion is, of course, that the ba, in the picture is Jack's bed, and ;hat" Malt" is acorruption of " .oult" But w" incline to another theory. In the Inter national Museum is preserved a curious glass bottle, on which is a label with the in. scription, "John Jameson's Old Malt Whisky." WYhisky, we know, was one of those fiery liquids which were the main causes of the prevalence of crime, pauperism and in sanity among our forefathers; and we think that " Malt" was probable the- substance, or one of the substances, from which whisky was made. Whisky, too, caused the greatest "confusion and violence among those who par look of it, and from the eccentric and out rageous manner in which the various charac. ters in this old poem conducted themselves, we may reasonably conclude that whisky was by no means intierdicted in Jack's house hold. Oar space will not permit us to dis cus more than a few episodes of this re markable volume iJ detail, but we may say that it abounds in interest for the naturalist and the antiquarian. Ta'o long extinct aon mals, the cat and the rat, a?e pourtrayed and spoken of; there is a picture of . friest, or preserver of mysteries; and the aucseqt cere mony of snarriage is mentioned. Of the priest, all that we are told i-, "This is the Priest all shaven and shoburn," and he is rep resented as a stout man, clad in a long, clumsy garment, and with a fringe of hair surrounding his head. To understand this, we must remember that in those early days of the human race there still remained on the body of man sullicient hair to prevent his forgetting his descent from the brute crea tion. Even before the time of the prophet Darwin, however, there seems to have been an instinctive recognition of the fact that the .perfect man should retain no external evi dence of his humble origin, and the top of .he head, and the face, of the priest, who w-as supposed most nearly to approach the ideal man, were deouded of hair. Only by tradition do we know anything of the writ ings of the great Darwin, who was so won derfully in advance of his age; but from cer tain ancient pictures it is plain that in his l. lime there still existed at least two nations, known as the "Apes" and the "Monkeys," who were entirely covered with hair. These people were so far advanced as to have the gift of speech; and they possessed some knowledge of a religion; for in a religious paper called Puck, preserved in the Inter. national Museum, one of them. named Tal mage, is spoken of as a preacher, and he is represented sitting in a tree, and distributing books or " tracts," enclosed in oral cases, to his disciples, who stand around. The Mon keys retained the candal appendages of their ancestors; but if, as eminent critics hold, the " lHamlet" of Shakespeare (the only an thor of antiquity whose unmutilated writings have come down to us) was of the Monkey race, [The passage on which this opinion is founded is put into the mouth of Hamlet's father : "I could a tail unfold I" That Ham let's origin was at least humble, appears cer. tnin from a passage in an ancient poet, in which "The rude forefathers of the Hamlet" are spoken of.-ED. Universe,] they were of a high degree of intelligence. The marriage spoken of in the text was a solemn contract entered into by man and woman, who each vowed to love, honor, cherish and obey the other so long as life should last. Without this ceremony, the union of the sexes was not legally recognised, and it might be fancied that almost perfect and universal happiness resulted from such a system. But unfortun ately one cannot turn a page of the " news papers" above mentioned without reading of faithlessness and desertion on the woman's part, or atrocious cruelty on that of the man; and we are reluctantly forced to conclude that our forefathers had little respect for their oaths or for their moral obligations-a disregard which was fostered and encour aged by the " Divorce Courts," which per mitted the breaking of the marriage vows and the formation of new ties. There is another matter to which we desire to call attention. In each succeeding legend all the foregoing legends are recapitulated. Thus, the fifth legend reads: "This is the Itat that gnawed the Rope that tied the Sack that held the Malt that lay in the House that Jack built." It is remarkable how continu ally this constant reiteration occurs in the writings of the ancients. In their day space and time had not yet been annihilated, and '" newspapers," or daily records of the world's doings, was a necessity. Many of these are to be found in the International Museum, and one may read column upon column, and issue upon issue, in which the same idea is repeated again and again in more or less similar language, until one becomes sick of the tautological verbosity. There are to be found, it is true, plenty of long articles in which no idea at alt is discoverable ; but even these, we think, are preferable to the constant harping upon one threadbare string which is the characteristic of so many of the "newspapers" of our simple ances tors. The penultimate stanza speaks of "The Cock that crowed in the morn, And waked the priest all shaven and shorn." This, we think, must be understood figuratively; for the bird in the illustration, to which, we presume, the word "Cock" applies, re sembles no living creature on the face of the earth. Like the mythical "Phicnix" which was symbolical of immortality, the "Cock" is probably meant to signify the conscience of the Priest, which troubled him for having united the forlorn maiden to a gentleman in such embarrassed circumstances that his tailor had evidently withdrawn his confi dence. This theory is supported by a line in another ancient poem: "Ride a Cock horse to Banbury Cross." Now, Banbury Cross, we know, was a shrine to which pil grims came from great distances; and the meaning plainly is, "Make a mental pil grimage, induced thereto by an awakening conscience, 'Banbury Cross."' And how this came about is evident from the narra tive of Peter, the first Pope, whose dor mant conscience was, we are told, aroused by the crowing of a "Cock." Thus, too, Shakespeare makes thel i':urn of the Ghost of Hamlet's Father to the ril.-" of torture dependent on the crowing of a cock," he figurative meaning being again apparent. The last picture represents "'The Farmer who sowed the corn." He is an immense, stout, ruddy man, and presents a great con. trast to the Farmer of our own day, who is usually a pale student, sitting in his labor-s. tory, and thoughtfully touching electric knobs to turn on rain or sunshine; to start the sowing, or the ploughing, or the reaping automaton, or to record the despatch or ar rival of his aerial vessels in all parts of the globe. A few words upon another point, and we close our notice of this admirable work. How beautiful is the simplicity of the lan guage employed ! How clear and lucid the expression of each thought! How graphic the plain, unvarnished tale I "This is the Dog that worried the Cat that killed the Rat that gnawed the Rope that tied the Sack that held the Malt that lay in the House that Jack built." How different would an author of our own day have treated the sub ject. "The Cow with the crumpled horn"-a most picturesque phrase-would havebecome "the Vaccine Animal with the tortuous frontal appendage;" and "the Priest all shaven and shorn"-we seem to.behold the man as we read the graphic words -would have been ruthlessly converted into a "Ton sured Ecclesiastic," or something worse. If the study of the artless and beautiful narra tire to which we call attention in this article shall at all influence our writers to greater simplicity and lucidity of style, we shall be amply repaid for the trouble we have taken, and shall bless the hour in which the dust of ages was brushed from the cover of " The House that Jack built."-Texas Siftings. 