SPORTING NOTES VICTORIA AMATEUR TURF CLUB.— ST. PATRICK'S DAY MEETING. T' a coraimtleo of tbo V.A.T.C, wero favored on Saturday in tho matter of weather, for tho I day wa3 fine, although the intenso heat during tho afternoon became very trying even to those who wero only acting in tho capacity of specta tors. Owing to tho counter attractions of tho re- gatta, and the trotting matches at Kistcmwick Park, the attendance was very limited, but ono of the best day's sport over experienced on tho Gaulficld course was provided for thoso who attended, fivo races out of tho six resulting | in grand tmisbes. The wonderful improvement in) he appearance of paddock end lawn was tho subject of general comment. Tho centre of the courso insido tho tr.ul: will prob ably bo tho next object of Air. .Bond's attention, aud when this is mado a little more attractive to tho eyo there will irideed bo littlo left to wish for at tho C'aulficid racecourse. Kxccllcnt arrangements had been completed between tho secretary and ; tho Hallway department, the latter providing | carriage tor passengers in placo of Iwr. Bent's sheep trucks, tho uuiuviiiug appearance - and odor of which had on many former occasions scared intending visitorc toCauliicld from under taking the trip. rroccedings opened with tbo Helling ltaco, which tho favorite Liddingloa took possession of from tho fall of the tlag, nnd won ns he lilted. Mr. Hurtle Fisher bought the winner, a bargain, for £90. After an interval for lunch, seven weighed out for tho Hurdlo llacc, Don Pedro being mado a strong favorite or. account of tho way in which he recently led bis field for a couple of miles at Fleraingtom Batty adopted similar tactics, but overdid it on this occasion, his rush past tho hill, by which ho acquired a fivo lengths lead, took too much out of his horse, who, when collared by Bros in the straight, was in consequcnco unable to ie- spond, nnd suffered defeat by half a length. Buzza, who finished third, was well steered by her owner, Mr. J. 0. Inglia, whose horseman ship was by no means outclassed in the pro fessional company of artists competing against hira, Tho »Soulh Yarra Handicap, of a rnilo and a quarter, brought out a smalt but rare good field of iliers, including the Melbourne Cup winner, The Assyrian, the mysterious Sting, iho brilliant Boolka, tho natty Kathleen. Mn- vournccn, and Dougalsion ami Wizard. The raco resulted in tuo two least esteemed fighting a 'desperate finish, Wizard, who was excollohtly ridden by Bobson, beating Kathleen Mavournecn by a neck, tho favorite, Boolka, being a capital third. Tho Open Steoplechaso was booked such a moral certainty for Kuchrc, trained and ridden by Scobie, that 5 to 4 was laid on him, but the ring had another turn in this race, which was won by The Hawk, owing in nosmall dogrcotofueokill of young AI'Gowjn, who has evidently few equals at. present across country. The favorite was ft very good second, and Clansman third. Tho Welter Handicap resulted in a dead hoat be tween Tho Assyrian and Don Quixote, and tho owners agreed to divide, hut with tho advantage of 2J lb. weight and tho assistance of Mr. Cox, Mr. Wallace's horse could scarcely have lost the run off. Tho last raco uf tho day wa3 tho ftt. Patrick's Handicap or six furlongs, and fur- nished another opportunity for Boolka to convinco everybody that his withdrawal from the Newmarket Handicap was an error of judgmont, for on tho Oaulfteld course, which is much slower than Flemington, he car ried Ost. 7 lb. homo in 1 min. ISA sec., King Charles and Squireen being in closo attendance. Tho ignominious figure cut by Sting in the South Yarra Handicap was tho subject of a good deal of comment : after gelling blightly iho bout of tho start ho dropped back last boforo the hill was passed, aud remained so throughout tho raco without tbo loast apparent effort being mado to improve his position. A capital altcrnoon'e racing was concluded at a quarter-past five, and the special trains landed their passengers cafoly in Melbourne, before Bix o'clock. Details of the racing arc as follow : — . CEttixe Race, of 100 sova. Tho winner to be sold for ISO sovs. Weights Two- ycaf-olds, 8 et. 7 lb.; three-year-olds, 10 ot. j four-year-olds and upwards, 10 Bt, 7 lb.; 7 lb. allowed for every £75 reduction in price. Five furlongs. II: ConoIlv'H rh'g Liddington, by Prcto-liArtyr, 2 „ yrs. (£50), S bt. (Uurtcn) 1 T. Joiios'h br i Queen Elizabeth, 3 jra. (mi) Dot. 13 lb. (Kilhy) 2 S. Ali!lera ch g Kanoota, 2 yrs. (nil), 7 lb. (Tuoraey) 3 : A. Bowling u b c Plato, 2 yr. (nil), fist. 7 )b. (Harr) 0 L. L. Smith's b f Merry Fcnella, 2 yrs. (£-r>0), 0 st. 0 ib. (.Stratford) 0 Retting : Kvcn on Liddtuton, 2 to 1 against Queen Elizabeth. Tbcfovorltc wa3 (irat away, followed by Queen Elizabeth and Merry Fcnella, Plato next ami Kinoota last, which order was maintained past the sod wall, and round tho turn. JjUMuigftn led into iho st rniht with the raco well iu hand, and won with the greatest case by a couple of lengths, Qucon Elizabeth second, jianoota third, Flato next and Worry Fenclla, who ran an utter jade, last. Tirno, 1 min. see. Tho winner was bought by Mr. llurtlo Fisher for 00 sovs. IIl'edlc Uack, of 100 bovs., witli a sweepstakes of 3 Sovs. each. Ono milo and thrce-quurtcrs. II. Yeend'a ch g Eros, aged, by Snowdcn, 0 st.13 lb. -. . .. .. , » .. (KilduU) 1 R. Baity ns. b h Don Fcdro, 6 yrs., 10 fit. 7 lb. 1 «„ .. t.. .. (Batty) 2 J. O. fntrlis's b g Buzza, 0 yrs., 0 st. 0 lb., carried , t) st. 11 ib. . J, . (Owner) 3 S. Grimwood's bgP.D., C vra., lOst. 3 lb. (Scohio) 0 M. Oacobs's ch m Merry Maid, 0 yrs., 9 t.u 12 lb. .a (Eluht) 0 A. Taylor's b h First Uaave, aged, 0 Bt. 9 lb. j .. .. . .. .. (WGowan) O J. Sherry us. b g Shamrock, aged, 9 st. 2 lb. .. (Crcc) .0 Betting : 7 to i against Don Fcdro, 5 to 2 Merry- maid, 4 to 1 First Knave, Buzzaand Shamrock, & to 1 P.O., 0 to 1 Ero3. Don Petfro got away with u lead, wldch ho soon increased to Ihroo lengths, and led by that distanco over tbo first hurdle, 'P. G. nnd First ' Knavb next, followed by Merry Maid, Shamrock, Eaod And Buzza. Paseing tho stand, Shamrock passed Merry Maid, but tho Order was othorwiso un changed. Round, the turn and along tho hill Batty 'took Don. Pedro still further ahead, and was at ono time half a dozed lengths clear of -his field. ATon tho Iwick strotch Shamrock went up second, and P.cf. and First Knavo Also improved their positions, but at tho sod (Wall Eros was second. Merry Maid tliir and Shamrock, Buzza and First Knave next, P.G, having fallen back as suddenly as ho had gone up. At tho Jast hurdlo Eros and Don Pedro rose togolhcr, and Buzza camo through and challenged iho loaders. A great raco ensued, but Batty had tnadd too much uso of Don Pedro, who was caught by Eros 10 yards from tho post, and beaten by half a length, Kilduff coming with a well timed rush. Buzza was third, two lengths oil, Merry Maid fourth, First , Knave «oxt, followed by P.O., and Shamrock last. .Timo, 3 niln. 31 sec. SorrdYAiiRA Handicap, of 150 sovs., added to a tfwoepstake of 3 eovs. each. , Second horso to receive 20 sovs. from the stake. Ono milo and a quarter. J. Patcraog'd ch g Wizard, by Hercules— Lady, i Clifton, fiyrs.,0 st. 10 lb., (Dobson) 1 J. M'Keozic's b in Kathleeu Mavournecn, 3 yrs., a .. BtBlb. " X . . «. (Barx) 2 s-AIUler'fl b or br o Boolka, 3 jts, c st. 3 lb. A - .1 .. «» .'.(Murphy) S O. S. Aguew's br ii Tho Assyrian, 5 yrs., 9 st. & Ib. _ .. .. ... .. .. (Battv) 0 E. weoks'B ch b Sting, 4 yrs.. Set 9 lb. .. (O'Brien) 0 B. L. Smith's ch h Dougalston, C yrs., 0 st. 9 lb. V . . .. . . (Stratford) 0 . Dotting ; 2 to 1 against Boolka; to 2 The Ass>Tlan , 7 to 2 DongaLston, 6 to I Wizard and Kathlcon Mavotirneen. Sir. Watson sent them away well together, with the exception of Boolka, who got much tbo worst of tho Btart. Sting showed in front for half u dozen etrides, bufct immediately retirod , to tho rear and uover during tho raco attomptcd to.Improvo his position, but galloped leisurely along to thu end, being about 10 lengths behind nearly all tho timo. Bound tho first turn Wizard's green Jacket was in front, with The Assyrian and Dougalston on his quarter, and at tho hi) Dougalston and Kathleen Mavournecn, together, wero seen to bo next to Wizard, and Boolka had passed Tho Assyrian. Along tho far side Dougalston and Kathleen Mavournecn raced past Wizard, and at tho back of the course Boolka came through very fast, and challenged Dougalston for tlio load, Kathleen Mavourneon nnd Tho Assyrian next, a length in front of Wizard. At tho sod wall The Assyrian >ossod Kathleen, and Boolka led along the far side aud into tho straight, whuro tbo field, with the exception of Sting, closed on tho leaders. A magnifi cont strugglo took placo up the straight, the final issue being in doubt Until within two or three lengths of tho winning post, where Dobson, who had wisely taken a pull at Wizard, camo through with a splcniid run, ana. landed tho chestnut a winner by a neck ; Kathleen Mavournecn second, a quarter of a length la front of Boolka, Tho Assyrian and Dougalston next, doso up, and titlng a dozen lengths in tlio rear. Time, 2 min. 15 sec. Oreu STKKi'iiECMASE, of 100 sovs., added to a sweep stakes of 3 sovs. each. Two ufilM, C. W. Sinclair's ch g Tho Hav.'k, aged, by Panic, . 10 it, 10 Ib. (M'Gowan) 1 J. Scobio'a h g Euchro, 0 yrs., 10 at. 7 lb. (Scobie) 2 W. Poaraon's b g Clansman, 0 yro., 10 st. 101b. (Batty) 3 T.'W. Phillips's br g blackthorn, aged, 11 st 10 lb. (Kilduff) O J. and It, Becky's br h Starlight (lato Glowlight), aged, 10 st. (Floyd) 0 > W, Martin's ch g Alhambra, Syr. 9 st. 71b. (Jcllctt) O 2, Sherry ns. b g Shamrock, aged, 0 fit. 5 lb. (Crcc) 0 Betting; 5to4 on Euchro, 4 to lagainstClansmannnd Tlio ilawk. Blackthorn was the first away, but Clans man rushed to tho front at once, followed by The lf&wk;, Albambra and Euchre. At the sod wall Euchro was second und Alhamhra next, The Ilawk bong last. At the turn into tho straight Clansman led, with Euchro second. Starlight third, Blackthorn, Alharabra, Tbo Hawk and Shamrock in tho order u&med.; Passing tho Bland, . Alhamhra bad takcu the lead and Tho Ilawk was second; Clansman, Blackthorn, Euchre and Starlight next. No alteration took placo at the hill, but along tho back oi tho couiso Clansman and Black thorn passed Tho Hawk, Alhamhra still leading. At the log fenco Euchro t-<olc second place, Blackthorn third, Tho Hawk and Clansman togother next, ShamrccV and Starlight last. Past tbo sod wall tho orfior watfunchanged, but at tho lost turn M'Gowan brought Tlit Ilawk up, and assumed tho lead, EuchrO and Blackthorn both passing Allimnbro. A good raco up tho straight endod in tho victory of Tho Hawk by a length, Euchro second, GlanstnaiPtbird, and then Alhnmbra, Blackthorn, Shamrock and Starlight last. Time, 4 min. 80 sec. Wectbr IUkdioat, of DO eovfl. To bo ridden by members or honorary members of tho V.A.T.C. or any recognised club to bo approved by the stewards. Ono inilo. C. S. Agnow's br h Tho Assyrian, 5 yrs., 13 st. (J lb. .. (Owner) f U.S. Wallace s b g Don QuLvotc, 4yrb.,ll 9t. lllb, (Mr. Cox, jun.) t T. Wilson ns b h Game, aged, 12 st. 10 lb. . . . - -- - -- .. (Mr. Martin) 3 J. O, Ioglis'e b in Bronda, 5 yrs., 10 st 5 lb.(Owner) 0 Dotting : 5 to 4 uzalnst Gamo, D to 2 Tho Assyrian, . . 3 to 1 Brcnda, 4 to 1-Don Quixote, Mr. InglU took Bt cnda to tho front on tho fall of tlio flag, and along tho back o! the course they raced The Assyrian second, Gamo third, Don Quixote last. At the wall Brcnda was still a length in front, and tho order of tho others unaltered. At tho turn Gamo assumed tho lead, and Brcnda was also passed by Assyrian and Don Quixote, . Along tho straight tho Melbourne Cup winnor beat Game, but was in turn tackled by Don Quixote, who, responding gamely to Mr. Cox's call, got up in tho last two Ft rides, and tho judge behigunablo to separate them, declared a dead heat, Game half a length off third, and Brcnda hst. Time, 1 min. 50 sec. Tho ; owners of . Don Qulxoto aud Assyrian agreed to divide. St. Patrick's Handicap, of 100 sova, added to a sweepstakes of 2 sovs, each. Six furlongs. S. Miller's b or br c Boolka, by Glorious— Bridget, '3 yrs., Out. 7.1b .. (Murphy) 1 ' L". L. Smith's b c King Charles (lato Sir Charles), 3 yrs.,7bt .. .. .. (Stratford) 2 A. Saqui'ii b g Squireen, 4 yrs., S Bt. 9 lb. (Davis) 3 T. Jones's ro or ch h Tho Ghost, 5 yrs., S st. 12 lb. .. .. (Kilhy) 0 J. G. lleid'sch h Tumult, aged, 6 st. 2 Ib. (O'Brien) 0 W. l'earsou's bl t ConlOJsina, 3 yrs., 7 st, 13 ih. ... .. (Power) 0 F. T. lleywood's b m Rebecca, 5 yro., 7 st. 7 Jb. llleywood) 0 D. S, Wahaco'sb c Sir Charles, 3 yrs., 7 st, 3 Ih. (Williams) 0 J. Hide's ch g Forlorn, Syrs., 7 at. lib. (Smith) 0 i Pcttim;: 2 to 1 ugainst Contessina, 4 to 1 Boolka, and 7 he Ghost. Thofingiclttoagrandctart, nndforaquar- tcr "f a milo the field wcroinabunch. Along tho sidcof tho course thuycdnio at a rare pacc,uudat tho sod wall the favorite was in a food jiosltion in company with Fqulrccn, King Charles, Boolka and Tumult, and Sir Charles hopelessly beaten. Boolka led iiKo tho straight, hut Squireen and King Charles woro In close attendance, and Tumult looked momentarily dangerous. Opposite tho etand Murphy called on Boolka. and theson of Glorious, running as true as steel, beat King Charles by nearly a length, Squireoit third, Contessina fourth, and thu others in a bunch, with Sir Charles last. Time, 1 min. IS) see. 