SYDNEY SKETCHES. ? BY HAROLD W, II. BTErill'.N, Tlio Art Gallery. PAUT I. Tim Sydney Art Gallery is ft wooclon build ing in the Domain, which waa erootoil for tho display of tho piotures sent to tho In tor national Exhibition, It ia suflloiontly capa cious for tho purpose, but tho light is not all that could bo desired, cspooially in tho sculp turo gallory, Its chief defoot is the heat engendered by a galvanised iron roof, which has already resulted in sorious damage to many pictures, For oxamplo, tho fino land scape, " Tho Carso of Gowrio," by Hargitt, has a largo craolc across tho middlo, and must bo sent back to tho artist for repair, as has been done already in tho caso of Gow's "Siego of Loyden," However, tho presont Government havo selected a sito for a now building (that now occupied by tho District Court, <to,), and the work will soon bo com menced, Under tho samo roof, will bo located tho Publio Library, a Hahool of Do.sigu, and tho Technological Musoum. At present thero is no School of Design in connection with tho Art Gallory, but students oan obtain, on appli cation to the trusteos, admission to tho gal I lory, whoro thoro is a largo collection of casts from tho antiquo, A'c, Tho ptoturcs avo hung on a background of maroon cloth, and, for tho most part, satis factorily, although soino aro misplaccd, as, for example, John Absolon's " Gipsy Fortuno toller " (a scono from tho Vioar of Wakofiold), which is out of sight over a door, One of tho first thoughts that will occur to a .visitor is tho paucity of works by colonial ni'tinta, There aro, in tho gallery, two or thrco paintings by Pigucnit (not in his host form ; " A Snow Scono in tho Gippsland Mountains," by Curtis; a portrait by Boaumont (chalk) j two portraits of Sir Hercules Robinson, ny Folingsby; a landscape by Gully ; " Govott'n Leap," by Horn ; and two or thrco land scapes by Conrad Martous, Wo find no specimens of tho work of M'Laod^ Carso, IJoyte, Raworth, Terry, Thomas, Whitehead, Chostor Earlus, Ford, Buvolofc, Greig, Scott, Podmoro, Greenwood, Halstcd, Urecs, Frank, Ashton, Olias, Turner, Collingridge, Gibb, Johnston, Combos, Dccring, Oommona, Gill, Gilftilan, Anivith, Habbo, Mrs, Stoddart, and othors whoso names do not, at tho momont, occur to mo, hut who all should bo repre sented in a truly national gallory. In Statuary, Slmonctti (an Italian I ) is tho only loaal artist who lias found a placo for his works. His busts of tho Hon. .T, Blax land and Sir Alfred Stephen rto good, but that of Sir Honry Parkes is an awful burlos quo, and might oasily pass for the ofllgies of soma King Billy of a nativo tribe. J, 9. Mackonnal, of Molbourno, should not bo for gotten by tho trustees wlion thoy have monoy to spend on local men, and there aro other _ modollors and sculptors amongst us who' should not bo uogleoted, I havo not been ablo to ascertain how muoh tho whole collection has cost tho country, hut I havo boforo mo a list of tho prices paid for picturos purchased out of tho International Exhibition, which totals .fc'8729 l/5s, Tho highost prico paid for any single pioturo in this lot (they number 24) was £(180 for Hala welto's ««Non Angli, Sed Angoli"; tho highest among tho water colors was £157 10s. for Hargitt's " Highland Drovers." Tho foro going information has been withhold from tho public, for what roason I cannot say 5 I ob tained it, accidentally, from a private sourco. Tho collection of statuary is comparatively small. Tho most noticoablo works in this division aro Montana's " Somnambola" j Marshall Woods' " Hong of tho Shirt" (a poem in marble) j and a grand ilguro of Famo by an Italian sculptor, Thoro aro tho usual casts from tho antiquo, and several fino broncos by modern Froneh artists, Noto worthy iU«o aro tho casts of froozes, ito., reoently disoovored at Homo, which wero pre sented to tho gallory by Mr, J. 31, Fairfax, of tho Sydney Mornlntf lltrabh This gontlo man is also tho donor of a oolleotion of medals and decorations bestowed upon tho British Army. A serius of wood blocks showing tho pro cesscs of engraving, togotlmr with original skotches of nrtiatn on their staff, was pro sonted to tho gallery by tho propriotora of tho Graphic, Theso form ftn interesting oxhibit to art- studonts, as also do tho specimens of work tlono at tho Konsington Sohool of Arts, Tho display of modorn coramio waro is vary fine, and tho .Tapanoso exhibits attraot muoh attention. In tho same portion of tho gallery aro two ningnifioont vasos of Sivroa ware, presented by tho French Governmont. In attempting a criticism of some of tho pictures, I must promise that I hava not space to notico many lino works, and that I havo seleoted only thoso which moro oapeoially attracted my attention, I must oravo tho indulgonco of artists who may differ from 1110 -I sot down only what I think, and I am auflloiontly ednontod in Art to bo thoroughly aware of my own ignoranco. For obvioua reasons, I shall refrain from criticising tho work of local men, Tho largest picture in tho gallery is F, M. Brown's "Chaucer reading holoro John of Gaunt," This work is full of power, Mr, Brown's stylo is broad and massivo, and his drawing ia excellent, Tho grouping ia well managed, but thcro aro too many figures for tho spaco they are supposed to ocoupy, and tho faccs aro uninteresting and uninlorestcd, lacking oharuotcr and individuality. Tho distanco also is doBoiont in rorial porapcotivo. Tho picturo is of tho modiroval pro-Raphaolltfl school, in wliioh low tones of bright colors are used-it ia, what would, in muaio, bo called, " in a minor koy," A great contrast to Chaucor in many rospccta is, Elmore'n "Lonoro," This is my speoial favorite, It is almoat a monoohronio, Tho mad night-rido o£ Bttrger's ghost lover with liia loving brido is hero depleted after a fashion which would havo gladdened tho . poet's heart. The grouping anil drawing aro ; splendid, and there is individuality in every faco. 1 Chovaliov'a " Going to Market "-ft actmo in 1 Tahiti-is too garish to plonRo mo-it looks I Hko tho ,colorod supplomenti of a woolriy i now'spnpor, yot in design and drawing it i8 < excellent, Tho coloring ia too vivid, and it I wants shado; altogether it la weak in hand ling, and tha foreground is sadly laoking in shado-a littlo mora impasto would liavo boon a groat improvement, " Salmon Fishers," by Oolin Huntor, is a great pioturo in overy sense ot the word. Tha silvery sheon on the water is splendid. Noarly all this pioturo scorns to have been tho work of the palotto-knifo. Joan Kobie's "Flowers and Fruit" cannot bo beaton by any modern painter of still life, Thoro is in it a goblet of mother-of-pearl which is truly marvellously real. Tho artist is tho Bon of a Bolgian blaoksmith, and is still a moro youth. " Tho Gordon lliots," tho first work exhibi ted by Soymour Lucas, is inforior and unsatis factory. Of " Non Angll sod Angeli," by Halswolle, I shall say littlo, beoauso I know that my opinion will not bo genorally endorsed. I don't like it,' Tho boys are not well groupod (threo distinot linos boing made by thoir arms and legs) and their flesh is anything but " oherubimio " in tint, whilst tho Boman citizens are so small-hoaded as to look about olght foot high. Drawing and coloring, of oourso, flno. "llorko's Drift," by A. do Nouvlllo, is a realistic composition, soinowhat rominding one of tho works of " Our Special Artist," Novertholoss, it is full of spirit, and tho liko nosses aro oxoellont. The ooloring is omi nontly " Fronohy." Tho only nudo flguro in tho gallery is a Nymph of Diana, by a Fronoh artist. This is essentially a " pretty " pioturo. Tho oolor ing is subdued, and tho poarly flosh tints are very beautiful. It, however, lacks that force whioh is noticeablo in "Ohloo," tho pioturo whioh recently so riled tho " unco guid " in Molbourno. " A Fugitive)," by Fortuny (who stands at the head of modorn SpaniBli painters) is vary flno, but misnamed. It represents a quadroon girl hiding bohind somo rushes, but the look on lior face is rather oxpootation than fear " The Assignation " or " Waiting" would be much more appropriate titles, The speoial foaturo of this painting is tho thinness of oolor, tho toxtura of tho canvas being visible in many placos. It is a masterly and emi nently pleasing composition, and tho cool lights on tho ilesh are worth studying. ,T. D, Pyno's "Lake of Lucerne" is a splendid picture, but it also is misnamod, as tho buildings aro not Swiss but Italian. Doubtless it should bo "Lake of LuRarno," I do not caro rnuoh for Tophain's " Savo narola." This is a very orowded composition, representing Roman dames, monks, &o;,, de stroying jowflllery, fanoy olothing, (to., at tho bidding of tho austere reformor, JSaeh indi vidual is a study, and the pioturo is admirably painted, but there aro too many figures, and tho facial oppression of most of thom is soarcely up to tho business in hand. Tho latest notowcrthy addition is " Wed ded," by Sir l'\ Leigh ton, president of tho lioyal Academy. A young couple in their honeymoon. A beautiful pioturo, tho expres sion of tho happy pair being most folieitous painlud in broken tonos, with no positive aolor. Tho back ground of sky and water is very hard, and wanting in air; but this was porhaps intontional, tho artist dosiring, by forco of contrast, to direot tho whole atten tion to tho figures. " Of the soa-soapoR, I liko " Tho Morning aftor tho Storm," by Molby, best. Tho water is very transparent, and thovo is a wondorful glow of light on tho waves, Tho sky is rather weak. Hamilton M'Cullooh'B "Fishing for Dabs in Tarbott Harbour," is remarUablo for its vigorous impasto, and tho exquisite painting of tho water. 