COROWA. MONDAY, January 29. One more unfortunate drowned in the treacherous Murray ! On Saturday a young man named Magnus, a compositor in the Free Press office, who had only come from Melbourne to Corowa on Tuesday last, and who seemed pleased with tbe society and change, had been playing at cricket in the afternoon and left the field about half-past 5, accompanied by a young man named Richard Thomson, of the Customs, to the river. He had not been in tbe river before, hut was understood to say he was a good swimmer. Thomson dived off a log first, and swam against the stream. On turning round, all he saw of poor Magnus was his hands, and being frightened and nearly exhausted himself, could not give any help. This was about ten minutes to 6 o'clock, and information was given to the police. Constable Emmerton at once went to the bridge for Ellis's boat, but on arriving it was found to be useless from its leaky condition. Some delay occurred in procuring drags, and Sergeant Jones then arrived on the scene and entered a small Ashing boat with Mr. Moss. After groping about for some time with a pole to which fish-hooks were attached, the sergeant fancied he felt tbe body, but the hooks would not hold. He then attached the small grapnels to the stick, and directly hooked the body, only a few yards from where he was seen to go down. Life was of course extinct, tbe body having been in the water nearly an hour and threequarters. Deceased is supposed to have been attacked by cramp, he having been used to swimming in salt water. This is the 20th corpse tbe sergeant has succeeded in finding in the water. The evidence taken at the inquiry appears in another column. The funeral took place to-day at the old cemetery. The Rev. H. E. Thomson read the service, and a good number attended to show their last respect to the deceased. From all parts where towns are situated on the Murray we are continually hearing of some one being drowned in tbe river, and it is quite time that the Government brought in an Act to compel municipalities to erect bathingplaces for the people, in townships where there is no municipality the Government should erect these places themselves. It would not only be a benefit to the public and a protection to life, but tbe Government would save the amount in enquiries and posl-mprtem examinations. This is a matter that the members of the Hume and Albuiy should take in hand at once, and they would gain the thanks of not only the electorate, but of the public all over the colonies who have relations and friends living in the border towns of Victoria and New South Wales. Levin ihh alone would not be a good Lyne, as there is a time and Day for every good action. The board of directors under the Pastures and Stoek Protection Acts met on Friday last andLparaed Ihe annual "balance- sheet. A report bad been received stating tbat rabbits had been found on .the boundary of the Wangamong and Goonambil stations. Mr. Inspector Crommelin, in company with the local inspector (Mr. J. Martin), is "now making a tour in search of rabbits in tbe district, and a report of their proceedings may be soon expected. Wheat of good quality is coming in from all quarters. The ruling price for the last fortnight at the mills of Messrs. Levin and Graham is 4s. per bushel. TDESDAT, January 30." Mr. Duffy and his assistant, Mr. Bayliss, have been in Corowa this week making a tour of inspection of the different Government works. The drain in front of Cbenhall's, which has been such a nuirance during the hot weather, was attended to by Mr. Duffy immediately on tbe receipt of a communication from Mr. Chenhall. On Monday Mr. Duffy took the levelB for the new bridge over the lagoon nearest tbe town, end tenders will 110 doubt be called for shortly. The fencing of the new road has been let to Mr. Waite, and will be proceeded with at once. Mr. Bayliss proceeds to Tarramia to pass Cummins's contract, and from thence to Tocumwal to inspect other works in progress. A large fire broke out on the Brocklesby estate of Anderson and King on Friday last, and was not put out until Monday. The loss consists of about 900 acres of grasB and about one mile of wire and chock-and-log fencing. It is supposed to have originated through a traveller lighting a fire to boil his billy and neglecting to put it out Messrs. F. and A. Piggin held a large sale of furniture, &c.;, on Wednesday last at the residence of Mre. Stewart, who is leaving for Sydney. The whole realised good prices. Mr. Crommelin has returned from his tour around the Corowa district, and reports the presence of rabbits throughout the district. At the police court on Tuesday, Sergeant Jones, while giving evidence in a case of obscene language, said that the prisoners' language during the night in the lock-np was something disgusting. His children were kept awake by the noise, and his wife was quite ill through it, beine unable to get up that morning, Captain Hare fined one of the prisoners (Bernard Fee) £3 or three days', and Daniel O'Hara 10s. or 48 hours.' The fines were paid. This is not the first time that the intolerable nuisance the police of Corowa are subjected to has been brought under the notice of the public. It is not fair to tbe police that they should have to live under the same roof where drunkarda and perhaps lunatics are confined. At present the lockup-keeper resides about a quarter of a mile from the lockup, and I suppose the Government have to pay rent for his quarters. There is plenty of room for building, and all that is required is the erection of cells away from the main building. The sergeant and lockup- keeper would then have ample quartetB, and the Government would not have to pay rent for a private house. The "ghost" mania which has caused a sensation in Eutherglen for thiB last mcnth has now found its way to Corowa, and by report .the mysterious individual in question seems to be guilty of as many vagaries as his Butherglen compeer. Several complaints have been made to the police by persons living in the lower township, and on Monday night he was treated to a round of shot, which, if there had not been a little of tbe " Spring-heeled Jack" abont him, would certainly have laid his 'ghostship low. The police are of opinion that the Corowa ghost is of the genus larrikin, and are in hopes of coming across his tracks before the week is out. A party of ladies and gentlemen from Collendina, together with several Corowa residents, assembled to witness a match of lawn tennis on "Wednesday, between Messrs. Carroll .and Johnson on the one side, and Messrs. H. Hay and Boot on the other. The former won by 6 games to 5. Mr. Percy Came acted as umpire. The following friendly sets were also played:—Hay and Groves v. Boot and Johnson—won by the latter; Johnson and Boot v. Hay and Carroll—won by the former ; Hay and Groves v. Johnson and Boot—won by the latter. Single Matches.—Hay v. Johnson—won by Mr. Hay; Hay v. Boot—won by Mr. Boot. The return match—Corowa v. Collendina—will be played on Saturday next at Collendina, when some good play is expected; Arrangements have been completed with Mr. P, Dunn, of Mulwala, for Messrs. Levin and .Sons to take possesion of his business places in April nest. This will not in. any way interfere with the monster clearingt out sale of P. Dunn, advertised in the Banner- The Corowa Fire Brigade have gone into strict training for the Sandhurst demonstration, and the teams picked' to compete have acquitted themselves well in practice during the week. " —Owners of horses are reminded that nominations for tbe Corowa Handicap must be in the hands of Mr. H.'Levin, hon. sec., by 4 p.m. on "Wednesday, the 7th February. 