fflMscellaneous. Richard Wagner. Sous flashes of Bichard Wagner's quaint dry humor are perceptible in one of his own Bketohes of his boyish fancies, tastes, and ambitions. " When I was nine years old," be writes," nothing pleased me so well as ' Freischuetz.' I often saw Weber pass our house as he oame from rehearsal; I ever contemplated him with sacred awe. My tutor, whose regular function it was to explain Cornelias Nepos to me, was obliged at last to consent to give me pianoforte lessons. As soon as I had mastered a few finger exercises, I set to work secretly—and at first without the notes—to learn tne ' Freischuetz' overture. One day my tutor happened to bear me practising, and observed that 'I should never do any good.' He was quite right; all my life long I have never been able to learn to play the piano. However, I went on playj ing tor my own sole pleasure—nothing but overtures, and with vilest fingering | imaginable. . . . . My musical ooeu- pations were, of course, secondary matters, the chief ones were Greek, Latin, Mythology, and Ancient History. I wrote poems, too. Once a schoolfellow died, and wefibye were instructed by our master to write, eaoh of-.us;- a set of verses upon the death; thej>est of jail. haairiined it of many-excrescences. AWhaV time'I vtes eleven-wears old. Nothing Would do, naturally, butgimust beaoinoo paefe. ilioreforeikctehed oat ah^ormons'tr&gMy;^ 'made up 'of about equal ^parta of ' Hamlet"*-' and 'King Lear." The ;plot was realty most tremendous. Forty-tiro human beings'^lerj ished in the course of the pieoe, and J found -myself compelled, its" order Xo render a per-, tormaucs feasible, to bring moBt of my characters ' on 1 again aa ghosts, as otherwise I should have been short of dramatis persona for my loBt two aots. I was busy with this play for two whole years. At sohool (Leipzig) I beoame idle and knaviBb. The only thing I cared for was my great tragedy. Bethoven'a music to ' Egmont' stirred me so powerfully just then that I resolved not to bring out my play upon any aooount until it should be set to music of a similar charaoter, I had-per-: feet confidenoe in my own capacity to write the requisite musio, but thought it might perhaps be as well, before beginning to compose it, to enlighten myself with respect to a few elementary laws of thorough-bass. To this end I borrowed Logier's 'Method' for a week, and studied it eagerly, but not with Buoh fruitful results as I had anticipated. The difficulties of counterpoint at onoe irritated and fascinated me: I resolved to become a musician. Meanwhile my huge tragedy had boon , discovered by my family, and had profoundly soddoned them By conclusively proving that I must have thoroughly neglected my schoolwork on its aooount. Under these circumstances I hdd my tongue about my new vocation as a musician: but none the less did I furtively compose a sonata, a quartette, and an aria. As soon as I felt myself sufficiently matured by my self-imposed musical studies, I made full confession to my jeople, with whom I had hard battles to fight; or they very naturally regarded my musical yearning as a passing paBsion—all the more so as it certainly was not baced upon any real preparatory study, or even upon a certain amount of faoulty in playing upon any instrument Jnst then the July Revolution broke out; instantly I became a revolutionist, and came to the conviction that a man possessed of a grain of energy oannot but bo bounl to occupy himself exclusively with politics. Forthwith I began an overture on a political subject, quitted sohool, and entered the University—not to devote myself to the study of a ' Faculty,' for 1 felt myself dedicated to a musical career, but to pick up philosophy and (esthetics. I took too advantage whatsoever, however, of this opportunity to improve my education, but plunged into all manner of student exoesses, with such fri- •olity and extravagance that I Boon got sick of them. When I came to my senses again, I felt the necessity of recommencing my musical studies at the very beginning, and sticking to them sternly. Providence permitted me to light upon the right man to inspire me with new love for the art, and render it intelligible to me by fundamental instruction. That man was Theodor Weinlig. Under liim I studied counterpoint, and learned to know and deeply love Mozart." 