Sfcetcber* IN THE^DEATH^TATION. FEOJT THE RECOLLECTIONS OF A SIBERIAN FUGITIVE. I HAD lived four years as exile in Siberia, in the village of Balachca, when one night the opportunity came to escape with the horse and sleigh belonging to the inspector of the exiles. I flew out of the village and all night long through solitary plains of snow without stopping. As dawn approached I saw a village on my right, but fearing recognition and capture I went on across the endless wastes of snow, after pausing down in a ravine to JV^d my horse and strengthen myself with brandy. On I went, the whole day without having seen a single human being. Toward night my horse grew weary and soon could only walk. At last lie stood still, panting heavily. I was uneasy, for I feared if I remained quiet there on the plain, I might be surprised either by wolves or by the innumerable tramps of Siberia. Unfortunately, 1 did not know in what direction I had journeyed during the last hours, for I might have approached the place I started from. For readiness in any case, I drew out two revolvers, also . stolen from our inspector, charged each barrel with ball and laid them both before me. After my horse had stood awhile and eaten snow, he showed readiness to proceed. But whither? I did not know, and left it to the horse to go where he would. As soon as he felt the loose rein he turned at once to the left and went off in a quick trot. Meanwhile it grew darker and darker till at last I could scarcely see a step before me. But the horse seemed to trace something, for he pointed his cars continually and looked steadily before him. I also was watchful, and standing up in the sleigh, gazed straight ahead< But I saw and heard nothing, and was about to sit down again when I suddenly perceived a point of light in the distance. My horse also saw it and trotted faster forward. This light might come from a farmhouse window, but it might also came from $ fire built by wanderers in the snowy desert. " Be it what it may," I said to myself, " I must get out of this uncertain situation though fall inJwith robbers." Soon afterward I could discern the outline of a great structure which stood alone in the middle of the desert, and from whose one window the fays of light shown. I was especially struck with the loneliness of the building and the smoke which came from the one window. Afraid of being observed, I drove slowly and quietly up, stopped by the back wall of the strange building, fastened the horse to a post, threw a heap of hay before him, and then stole cautiously and noiselessly up to the window whence the light streamed. Accustomed to the darkness, my eyes could at first distinguish nothing of the interior; it was only after some minutes that I realized the picture presented to my view. But this scene was so frightful that my blood curdled in my veins, my hair rose on end and a cold sweat broke out on my brow. The whole interior of the building was filled with smoke which rose from a burning pile of logs in the centre. Round this fire sat three men whose faces had a fantastic look in the red glow of the fire. Near the hearth, in the loose boards of the floor, a great opening was visible, from which six men, one after another, soon came out, and each bore a stiffened human corpse ! The bodies were wrapped only in linen, and were chalk-white from frost. The bearers wore peasants' dress, and were robust fellows with rough, repulsive faces. Two of the men sitting round the fire were ressed in city clothes, while the third ap eared like a butcher; he wore a blue apron, ad his sleeves rolled up and held a great nife in his hand. When the six peasants ntered with their dreadful burden, the three back from the fire, and the ax corpses put in their place, erect round the pile of ogs like candles ! It was a horrible sight for me ! The fire glared upon the white forms of the dead, while over their heads the black smoke gathered. I distinguished among them four men, a woman and a boy. One of the male corpses had a beard of extraordinary length. When the bodies were somewhat thawed they were taken by the peasants from the fire and laid on the floor on the outspread linen. At the same moment the " butcher" went up to the corpses with his great knife and thrust it deep in the abdomen of the one nearest him. I could not explain to myself the meaning of this whole scene. I simply stared, and saw how with almost indifference the " butcher" ripped open the abdomen, took out the insides, carved, divided, and showed to the city dressed men, and then thrust again into the body belonging to them. I had often in my life witnessed terrible events, but what I saw here went beyond all human conception. It seemed to be that all this was more a fantasy of my wearied brain than a reality. I remembered how authors of horrible tales after presenting a train of impossible, unheared of occurrences and exciting the reader's curiosity to the highest degree suddenly broke off with the simple sentence : " I walked up, the bright sunshine,.etc." What happened in romances might be in reality. I rubbed my eyes, looked, tried to collect my thoughts, in vain ! I did not sleep, I saw, heard,I breathed! Before me the wall of the awful building, blackened by the eternal storms; near me my tethered horse, and my sleigh; all about me a boundless waste of snow; above me the sullen, clouded Siberianhcavens. What should I do? I thought to myself. Should I fly? But where ? Or should I penetrate into the house and shoot down these desecrators of the dead? Terrified, benumbed, I stood there half dead and did not know what to decide upon At last I concluded to abandon this unlucky post of observation. I wanted to steel softly to my sleigh again and run up and down but my feet refused to serve me. I tried to scream out; my voice died in my throat. An impenetrable mist veiled my thoughts, paralyzed my will. I already began to doubt the correctness of my judgment. I could not understand who I was, who these dreadful people were, what was the object of their terrible doings. Finally the moment came, the one moment in my life when I began to believe in a supernatural world, in ghosts or mystic sorcery. But this moment did not last long. Then, as I, so perplexed,mused and stared "within, I suddenly felt someone from behind seize me by my fur collar and roar fearfully at me. Like a broken straw I dropped without a sound and knew no more that happened to me. When I recovered my consciousness and opened my*eyes, I lay in the snow while the two men in city clothes rubbed my forehead with snow and tried to revive and encourage me. " You are frightened, my friend," one of them said to mo. "Do not fearwe will do nothing to you. We are doctors and here only in the discharge of our duty." " Yes—but the corpses." I could saarcely utter the words. "The corpses, brother," one of the men replied, " are of the peasants in this region who died of cholera, and here in the Death Station we have dissected them. By accident you witnessed the most repugnant work of our office. Such a scene is offensive to anyone, but most so to those who have never before seen it. If it is agreeable to you to travel with us to the next post-station, it will give us great pleasure," concluded the amiable doctor. But I thanked him for his invitation, pleaded a pressing business journey, climbed then with the assistance of both doctors into my sleigh, and rode swift as an arrow off and away. I breathed freely when I felt myself alone again on the plains, but I was long agitated by what I had seen in the Lonely Death Station. In Siberia sudden deaths frequently occur, but there in such a case they may not iiiter the body without its inspection by the police and a post mortem, examination by physicians but the number of doctors in Siberia is insufficient, so, between the solitary villages socalled Death Stations are erected, to which the dead are brought and placed in cold cellars built for Jthem, remaining there till a police and medical commission arrives and examines them. Then, only, are they separately conveyed to their lonely burial places and interred. Thus I was the involuntary witness of such a judicial post mortem, and I shudder even now when I recall that night during my flight from Siberia.— From the German. 