THE GHOST IN THE GREEN Rl-0M : Tub Pbojiftbu's Stoby. Br Sobeiit Eeece. (From ' Stories in tlio Green Boom.') ' Not a bit of it !' said Parklemore, our 'heavy Und.' ' Why, I've known a story, my aolf, quite equal to yours j which, I don't deny ii, perhaps, siying u good deal.' ? Poasibly !' enoercd Mr. Devigno. 'Thero are plentv of ridiculous theatrical legends which piss muster for facts ; butwry few men can adduce so well-subctuntiated a ghost story as that which I have juet related.' 'My acquaintance with tho , aristocracy is necessarily sight and tsireumacribed,' remarked Mrs. Lumley ll.-owu tour leadiug lady, with a tongue of hor own, liy-iho-bs) j ' but, I think 1 havo met somewhere with a romance — was it not in the memoirs of tho late lamented Baroii Munchnusen ? — which, in many points, offers something of a parallel to Mr. l)ovigas's oxcel lent tale.' There w^re several ' sniggers,' pcarcply sup pressed st this speech ; und really Mra. Brown's rudeness was not inexcusable j for Mr. Devigno's ghost story, given with chapter and verso, and horrible ['lsiusibility, was too outrageous to be patiently listened to Mr. Pevigne wob a now recruit in our company, which cousieted of wcll ttied nud sea;ored actors aud actresses, and diiic't altogether relish the affectations and monttrcui conceit of this youiignst member, whose qual;ik'iiti-m for our profusion seemed to be wardrobe iir.d c! eek. 1'v.i been in my pro fession a goodifh fow y^ars, and I own to my objections to the»e broadcloth and shirtfront amateurs, who, so far as 1 seo and read, know more about evert other art in tho world than that whtah. they honour by pursuing. Why, only tho other day, I overheard a veal criticism on one of thesex sweet, young gentlemen's per formances. ' Splendid, wasn't it? Grand ! the finest Mildmay I ever eaw ; did you notice his trousers ! ' Well, all this means that we weren't, any of us, sorry to find young Devii-ne tackled by 'urklemore and Mrj. Lumlny Brown j and to put that young gentleman down was the dear wi3h of my heart. When Purklsinore spoke of a ghost »tory to ' oap' Dcvigne's lie looked h:trd at me, and winked his O. P. eve trrmondously, such was his power of facial expression, without disturbing the prompt-side lid. The fact in, I can spin as tou^h a yarn as- most people when I've the chance and am iu the humour, and Parklemore's wink did the fctiek with me. ' It's mighty funny,' retorted Dovigne, ' no doubt ! and w'hat is your astounding story, Mr. P&rklemore;?' ' It's not my story,' said our leading heavy, with a strorg 6ense of juetica; 'it's Fiug laaa's !' This was putting it on to me wita a vengeance j but I looked beoocniugly grave, aud «inar'.ed— ' I am sorry, Mr. Parklemore, that ;ou should have referred to- what cannot but b* thi! occasion for disturbing sad reminis cences, which should otherwise ha.ve remained in the sluuibenius caverns of a sensitive saul '.' There was quite a buzz of nppluuie at this ecslimen*', which was, indeed, almoat a verbatim quotation fr-;in a play expreosly written for tho Uve lamented .Vra. Theruso do Tattorshain, by a gifted M..V., who was too early lost to the J.e^is uture and hia country by abrupt inter t-roiiv:e ou the part of his artful family, aided and abetted by the commissioners inlunaoy. ' Bothar the caverns of thing-um-bob !' said Mr. Di-vigue, with that wunt of real feeling for the sublime which is the Resetting fiiu of Mb ckss. ' Wtiat's the story about ?' ' It's about a deceased friend oi mine, whose terrible ' re-appearance after his late- fatal in disposition' overclouded a portion of iny chequered life!' I responded; being, aa t'e astuio reader of these pages has already gu- ssed, the '^r. flagmin in question, and prompter to our compssy. I think my poetical work3 rather knocked j oung Dovigne over, for ho only said, 'Oh!' But, how Parklemore did win'a ! My e;e ! — I should say, his. ' Somo yeira since,' I resumed, copying as far as lay in my power the gifted tones of-tho lato baritone actor, ficruffum ; not in Westminster Abbey, by the way, but my good f riond- for all that, and possessing a capacity for keeping up his voice in Macbeth, and similar pa-tEj which I have never heard oquulled in ' hose ' piping times of pieces' — ' some years since, when I was with eld Grimston's comuanv. andnrettv svell used to all lines of businesB; throwing Lh? reul legitimate, i.e., tho prompting part, in, of cour=u ; I came across, whilu wo wore travelling, one of the strangest characters which (the present company always exempted) I ever encountered. Whore Bancalari came f am, what, he had been, or wV.ut he was likely to bo, were ordinary and not unuaturul ques tions amongst us from the first tragedy down wards. It was reserved for me, having alwuys a heart ready to respond to tho outory- of suffering or oppressed Immunity (from ?' Draulu tho Cnc.oao,' 5 act*), to dive into Bancaluri's Sfcret In our company he was Btrietfy a nobody. He was 'cast' for dead Svldiers, i-pwchlasj gussts, even ' outside shouts;' but never for a ' speaking pan,' though such- was his lowest ambition. Personally, I am above this ; I Im7e spoken some of the finest linos in tho whole repertory of the draraal— for others! ? It'a no- joke, though, if you're ambitious, to be kept under; smouldering, so- to- s^euk. don't suit would-be inflammatory 'stars;' and Banenlari drooped, visibly drcopad. To ma alone- did that broken crcaturo confide his woes. He felt within him (it waa about all he did faol, tor he spurned food, as.it wera), a ' divine hiatuf,'.a oravingto excel in the— what I may call—sepulchral parts in Shakespeare's plays But it was not to be. The iron heel of tyranny was crushed upon his brow j. (I q.uoto from ?' Dulaclio the Dauntless.'), The- ma* sank ; when our company left Tombury, Ban caUri declined to follow our fortunes. We haven't made 'em yet, by the way. He ro mained: But why ? A ch mo oponed f or hii% that's whv ! --? weak-minded nmuager had taken tho T.B., Tumbury, for six months cer tain. Here was Bancalari residuum of a stock company of renown. Distinotly, his ohance. VY'tt wore glad to hear of this, and we went our ways to the north, and Bancalari stoppud in Tembury. Stopped altogether. 'It seems that tho poor chap had made up Iub mind to come out strong, and for that purpose had studied evory principal part in tho Shakesperian und legitimate- drama. Judge of my, everybody's, horror, to road in the Banff shire Banner the ghastly tidings that Kanculuri had luing himself (from a, batten) two days after tho new company had arrivod at Tembury. Never mind about the details : tho facts were, professionally, these : Bancalari had gained tho lofty summit of his ambition. Ignorant of his speechless position in our company, tt-e mana ger of the ' Meleorio Mummers ' had cast him for no less a character than GuildVnstern in ' Hnmlotj' and Bancalari felt his importance to the quick. Unhappily, a bill-etioker (who.'O weukucss in 'posting' programmes uptide down might have led him to more charitable und generous acts I) auothor loss publicly culp.iblo) l(t out on B&ncalari;'s reul professional status, and the part was taken from him ; officially, tho character assigned to him was one of tho bearers of Ophelia's remains. The generally grave. atmoBuhere of Hamlet was too much for this bursting soul ; and throwing up the part naturo had written for him, he loft tho theutio and the world for over. Poor Bancalari ! ' 'omo two years afterwards, I, with a very different troupe, was back in Tembury for a fortnight's engagement- Terms were good, and both Sorewer and M'Howler were with us, eo that business was pretty euro. Odd to eay, both low comedy and high tragedy stars ob jected to the ongagement tho vory first night, and thora was a regular shindy in tho manager's room after the performance. 1 ho cauio soon eked out. It appoarod that whon Scrower, mado up for the farce, wont iiilo the Gretn Boom, and, as he was accustomed to do, began to ' mug ' in tho cheval-glass, a gloomy, iwlo laced, seedy-looking poraonago suddeuly ehowod himself behind tho distinguished comedian, and with an expression of contempt boyond oven theatrical hitherto osporioncc, obsorvod, ' Bad ! low ! not a bit liko! could do better myself!' and incontinently left tho apartment. ' i-'crower never played so badly in his life, and never Bwaro so succo-sfully ; but M'How ler's limo had to come. While ho was gestiou luting before the glass, the apparition returned. 'Vory bad!' said the ghost. 'Shookirigly bad. Bow, wow ! not a bit like it! noS a- littlo bit ! You play Hsinlot ! Go home 1' und once more the figure vanished. There was ' fits ' for the manager next day, for it turned out tha' every one of tho visiting company who hud gono into tbo Green Boom had boon similarly insulted. ' Of course, it all camo to my oar.', and some how every ono soon knew of this outrage, and a watch was set; but tho next night tho earner trouble ensued. Tho ' starring ' lady was sontl into hysterics by what folks began to call ' tho GlitBt in tho Green Boom,' and really thiugs were getting quite unpleasant, when it ocourrod to mo to go and look tho caao up myself. I transferred tho book to the under cirponlcr, who knew the ' pulls,' if «othing olsn, and betook myeo'f to tho littlo green room. It was empty, fur everybody was on in tho laBt act of the drama, and X stared about. Suddenly I heard a sigh, and looking to the door, I saw Bancalari standing juet in-iido the room, where his figure vus reflected in the big glass. 'James !' I criod, ' Jaaos Bane — *' 1 couldn't get another word out. I was downright potri Ced. ''Yes, Flagman,' said Banealari's ghost, in tones which our greatest living tragedian cannot hope to rival ' Yos, I a«\, or was, Bancalari ! ' ' I trembled like an aspon, bub remembered Hamlet. '?'Why do you trouble us? What do you worst ? ' ''I want a 'part,'' said the GhosS. 'I think I can play omo now ' ' ' Now, Jamo« ? ' I faltered ?? Now ? Why, Guilden — ' ''Away with your Guilden«terns'! I play ihe Ghost in Hamlet to-morrow night, or fare well to ti e fortunes of this theatre. Here I suffered, hero I died. Here, too, I willlrevivo the Shakesperian drama I Which is it to be ?' and tho Bpeclre frowned remorseless-.. The tomb had produced in Bancalari that haughty indifference to everybody's feelings or conve nioi.eo whioh marks, anrl will over mark,, the successf u1 actor when living. ? ' James,' I said, ' we were ever on- goad terms whilst wo were in that little company, and it would go to my heart to deny you^a trilte Buch us you demand; but how is it to be done ? i confess you aro bettor qualified lor tho part you have sj judicioujly seleoted) than any one I could name. But how is ib to bo done ?' 'At this moment the ca'l-boy enterod: the- room, and beforo u word could pass between any of us, the apparition had dis appeared. I seemed to hear, however; ai sort of sad whispering Bound in the air like the word 'Bemember!' and I shudderedi Noxt day I made a singular effort to accom plish' my poor old friend's wijh. I got up n little q.uu7xel between our two leading men on the subject of tragedy acting, and the inevitabl« result was that the manager was obliged to- put up 'Hamlet' The rehearsals wero brief, for we were all well up in tho legitimate ; but, odd to soy, at the last ' call,' our gentleman (old mun) who pluyed the Ghost of Htunlet'e father was talon suddenly ill. This, I i.eed not tell you, was by private arrangement with me. Tho manager wob furious,-, so was th« Hamlet What was to be oono ?? Wsuld they leave it to mo to find a substitute? Could it bo managed? I an swered for it, it could. My friend, I told them, of the name of James Bunks would esiay that paufc. ' Will he look ii ?' was the not unnatura question of tie management. ' Ho will,' eaid 1, shivering, ' remarkable.' ' I went into town ; my spirits were low; I entered a retired hotel (whora there was u bar), and while supporting worried nature against what was to hnppon that night, who should oome in but Mr. Screwc«r, the dra matic critic of tho Tembury Times The idea oeourrcd to me that that gentleman should- be present, and place on record his opinions of the new 'appearance.' After the second glaes hs yielded to my request) and would tako the trouble to be at the theatre, though- he confessed to me that our loading gentleman's Hamlet injurec! his health severely, as muoh on its own account as because of the necessity for atimuhmts which it occasioned. 1 Nevertheless, he would come. ' tf o did' the evening, and M'Howlor was in a pretty way with me. There hud been no signs of anybody to play the Ghost, and I was regularly- denounced by tho lot. 'Mark my wnrrin *' T HAtH. nl.nhhnrnlv. ' HflMl r-« nn r.ho spot for his cue' ' Tho ourtain rose, and FrancUco, Bernardo, Marcellusi and Horatio, were leaiiug up to the entrance of the late King, when I noticed a bluo light in tho first wing, and there, looking as no ghosS ever looked before, stood Jamos Banoalarii ! The next moment he was on tho stage. ? To tell you how that play of ' Hamlet' went that night is beyond me. Tho alarm of Hamlet at sight of his father's spirit was about tho boat thing M'Howler- ever did, and tho Queen's fainting fit in Act lii , scene iv, was very- liko rottl. I went hastily to the Green Bojin. Jumea Banclari wsb there, lurid, but self - satisfied. ' There will to a notice of this por formunoe to-morrow,'- he said smiling ; ' l»t what ib -aid of me be written on my tomb, and I shtt'l- r--8t in peace.' I agreed gladly, for I w&a; cold all down my i-pine, I tell you 'The company all met next morning on tho stoge to {focuss tho new addition to tho ranks. The Temburi/ Times was brought in. M'Howler seis-jd it, and rear! aloud, a% follows i — ' ' There was little to call for attention or notice last evening, ai our pretty little Templo of the Drama, seeing that tho well- worn tragedy. oS Hamlet, with Mr. M'Howler in the purt.of the molancholy Frinee, occupied the boards, and with the merits of t:oth our rcaden aro familiar. The company sustained their respeo tiva roles with much effect. Wo must, how ever, tako exception to the performer who atttmptod to play the Ghost. Noithoa by physique nor uny othor qualification was ho fitted tor the character — iu fact, ho was not in the least our notion of » Ghost, und we- must chronicle what we believe to be a first appear ance, at a complete failure.' ' There was a dismal wail in the air oloso to my ears, and a sort of rushing sound, and then silence fell upon us. ' ' Poor fellow !' was our one remark. 'This was tho first and last appiaranco of James Bancalari. ... ... 'ilia ghost was never 'seen again' ' ' , # . ? * ? » *. * ' And you mean to tell mo,' tai/i Devigno, ' that a real spirit played in a real theatre ? Then I don't hontate to eay that the wholo ,Btjry is a ' oraeker ' from ond to ond.' ' I said I knew a story -which could cap yours,' taid Pwllomoro, grinning. ? ]}TjBir»o the rage for spelling bees a olergy man was 'turned down' at a fashionable assembly for spelling drunkenness with one 'n.' Shortly afterwards ho returned to his parish and found himself vory coldly received by his pariahionors. He sent for the parish clerk and asked him wbat was tho causa ' Well, sir,' replied the man, ' a report has osme down hero that you woro turned out of a great lady's house in London for drunkenness.' JonNKT Tamson, the Dunsyro carrior, had long boon in tho habit, as ho jou«iojcd to and from Lanark, of calling at the Caritairs Inn, ' jist to hae ao tasto o1 Mr. Bovd's best.' It fro quontly happened, howevor, that Johnny had twu or throe ta6toe, und Eometimos quite forgot himself. Ono day, in a fit, of remorso, he formed a grand resolution, as he tormed it, to pass tho inn without tasting. Next market day Johnnio curriod his resolution iuto effeot, bravely passing tho inn with high head and comprensed lips. But ho had not gono moro thau twenty yards whon ho suddenly Btoppod, struck ono hand against tho othor, as if grontly pleased with himself, und oxcluiinod, ' Weol din ! weol din ! grand roaolution 1 yo ahurely desorvo a guid glees for this.1 