THE MEDDLER Mr. Charles Moore did a very foolish thing about a year ago, for which he was lined £1 by the magistrate of the court. A certiin young barrister defended Mr. Moore in this case, and, after his very ineffectual defence, this same young barrister wa6 employed at the instance of the Attorney-General, moved by Mr. .Stuart, to inquire into the merits of the case. He reported, as might have been supposed, that it was a bad case so far as the prosecution was concerned, whereupon Mr. Stuart ?wrote a letter to Mr. Moore reversing the decision of the magistrate. The magistrate was wroth, of course, and it is difficult to see how Mr. Moore could have ?- been comforted. It is only a little matter, and it is brought forward by Mr. Abigail ; but we fancy Mr Stuart will lind it more difficult to explain .away than that greater matter of the Illawarra deviation. Both, of course, are only chocks in the way of the wheels of the huge Governmental carriage which comes along . heavily- laden with the Land Bill. What about the Land Bill : . Detp answers to deep, in the matter of iniquity just new. 'We have murders and suicides and adult crime enough, but woiee than all a deeper deep is unveiled to us, in fast increasing juvenile depravity. It seems that cur very infants are in danger of contamination. A wretched as a iiltliy case has been heard in this colony, which goes to show that children cf the State schools may even by their seventh year attain a most mature immorality, and a Congrega tion minister oi Victoria has made charges which, if true, should induce parents to put dynamite to State schools without delay. Let us hope they are not true, but at the same time let parents remove the film from their eyes and possibly a thorough amendment may i take place without any ghastly exposure. Is the air full of sheeted ghosts r — is there nought ' but the squeaking or gibbering of things unclean in all the events of the week — nothing to give us an honest laugh t Indeed, it must he said that laughter \ requires seeking. Perhaps the most laughable tiling is Sir Patrick Joining's explanation about the Cal cutta show. 'We know, of course,' says Sir Patrick, ' that in the beginning it was not the Calcutta but the Joubert show ; slowly, however, the influence of the Government crept upon it, and now we hold it up to you and call upon you to salute it — the Government, the Calcutta, the Indian show. 'We are very happy to make the salute, but quite unable to understand the process of transformation. When, and to whom, did Mr. Joubert turn over his interest? — and what a miserable Government must that of India be to charge us for our few paltry feet of show space ! There is one man who laughs, doubtless, and that is Joubert. Lucky Joubert ! and let us all be generous enough to laugh at Joubcrt'sluck. But how sad poor Tivopeny must fc- tl 1 A sigh for poor Twopcny, who returned to his journalistic duties in New Zealand with all the hope of becoming a big showman crushed completely ?out of him. Next week the Melbourne races begin, and the week after there will be the customary record of defaulters and suicides, for there is no dearth of speculation upon the events — money, jewellery, clothes, fortunes, prospects, life, are as freely pledged as on any previous year, and will be just as generally lost. There will be all shades of pathos by-and-by — from that attending the individual who goes to office with his coat carefully buttoned over the place where his watchchain ought to be, to that deeper emotion of picking of a dead body from the river mud, or the consigning of a living body to the oblivion of penal disgrace. And no laugh here either ? Well, yes, here seems room for a laugh, and for some speculation that may breed a louder laugh. A lady writing of tire life of Melbourne goc6 naturally to the drapers' shops, and, speaking of the gorgeous displays they make in antici pation of the splendour of Cup day, says the chief window of the chief shop is taken up by an array of ladies' silk stockings in all imaginable hues, Wiiat is the meaning of that ? Is there a feminine conspiracy for a new assertion of feminine liberty afoot ? We shall see. It seems extremely probable that we shall, and let ns pray that we be not shocked. There is al60 a story winch is very foolish ; in fact, its only recommendation is its foolishness. It is of a very cautious man who drew first favourite in a big sweep. He stood to win £1000. 'I must make myself secure,' he said ; ' What are the odds The odds were 10 to 6. ' Now, if my horse wins, I win £1000 ; ergo, I can afford to lay £1000 that lie does not win.' So he laid liis £1000, and held him self to be safe. It was said a friend startled him with the question, 'And if your horse wins, what do you win i' If you say to a sportsman, ' What glorious rain,*' he straightway answers, 'And won't it help the Cup 'r' There is no doubt it will help ' the cup.' Many a squatter will go down rejoicing now with a good deal more credit to pledge than he held a week ago, and many a one will also come back robbed of all the prospective advantage of the rain. It has been a blessed and a glorious rain, as all the rain tables and all the country people's faces show. The wheat and the grass are growing J together, and there will be an abundant harvest and no more starvation ; but yet sadness with the joy. In many parts of the country hundreds of sheep must be literally washed out by the rain which provides abundance of food for the survivors. There has been horrible work on the Bogan— horrible as unnecessary, if there were competent government in the lana, ideal government that is, which would secuve food liisn rmd But we have not an ideal Government, and we have not in many respects a common-sense Government, or at least common-sense Administration. Let us look ai}d tUTn t0 Biverina. 'We are ^ . ^ icuma m Riverina, and with those wretched tools of differential railway rate* % ara?n aword8 Riverina, and scid \\\ c take and will not surrender ' and to avoid surrender we are towing all the Riverina bales to bydncv at losing rates. We lost tpongh £*0,W.9 oyer that Riverina railway businew last year, lost it because it was held to be necessary to sccute the Riverina trade. 'We took those £10,000 from the pockets of the general taxpayers of the co.ony, and gave them to the Riverina squatters and their agents in Sydney. It was war, and all is fair in war. _ Is it so f Then in the name of war let us fight in earnest. IVe protect ourselves by differential rates, let us show sense as well as strategy, and 'pro- tect^ ourselves by straightforward legislation. We rejoice because the absence of water in the Murrum fcidgce compels the wool by rail to Sydney. Let us put a bridge across the Murrumbidgee and say to the squatters you may cross the bridge to our train if you will, but there will he no more travelling to Adelaide or Melbourne by way of the river. Broadly regarded, such proceedings would, of course, be arbitrary and unjust ; but properly con sidered, our present proceedings are unstatesmanlike, hypocritical, and mean. Let every man go to the port and the market that suits him best, and there will still be enough left for Sydney— enough to make a bigger Sydney and a better colony than any states men of the present have dreamed' about. War is !a very wasteful business, and that £10,000 is just the beginning of waste — the dribble of the spigot, which may some day change to the gush of the bunghole. In connection with that very interesting question, ' the liberty of the press,' which is now under dis cussion, there is one privilege which I fear is abused to more than a slight extent. I refer to the free car riage by mail 'of newspapers. It is no slight advantage, to the proprietors of such papers and the public ; but a newspaper is universally known as a certain number of pages which contain current information, useful and instructive articles, which are interspersed by sundry advertisements, and not as a trade circular or a mer chant's poster. A few proprietors of newspapers ovei look the distinction. One office makes it a practice to place between the principal pages of its journal, as a special supplement, I suppose, a loose lithograph sheet .which is nothing more or less than a tailor's circular. It lias no connection whatever with the office from which it is thus placed in circulation. Another lirm of proprietors issue a special supple ment, of no less than eight pages, every line of which is an advertisement for a large drapery estab lishment. Now, every business man must recognise the fact that these newspaper proprietors do not circulate such ' supplements ' for ' the pure love of the thing.' There is a money consideration. A certain sum is paid by the person so advertised, and this sum poBsibly represents the amount which is taken cut of the public purse, for it is plain that if such trade circulars were sent in the ordinary way, through the post, they would he charged at bo much per circular, It is specially unfair, however, to the subscribers of such journals. They have an adver tisement foisted upon them in an irregular and unfair way. The Tamwortli Agricultural Society recently held a poultry and flower show, and in the schedule of prizes there was a prize offered for the best collection of rabbits ! There was no entry. I am not surprised at it ; for, although the committee of the society do not seem to be aware of the fact, it is perfectly true that there isa law in existence, underthe provisions of which the unlucky wight who is found with rabbits in his pos session is lined, hanged, drawn, quartered, or punished in some very severe way. Happy thought ! possibly the said prize was offered by the Chief Inspector of Stock. I know that lie is very anxious to meet with collections of the plaguey rodent6, and I further know that it would be worth a prize of at least a million pounds sterling if the last collection of such animals in Australia were all securely caged on some show ground. It may be reasonably asked how many more deaths by drowning must be registered as having occurred on the teach near Newcastle before that city is pro vided with a proper bathing-place for its inhabitants'? The recent very narrow escape wherein Mr. Brad street was rescued by three brave stout swimmers after three-quarters of an hour had been 6pent in struggling with the waves should be regarded as a warning. The beach is known to be a dangerous place for even the best swimmers to test their strength. There are sharks and a heavy tide to contend with. 'What is the expenditure of a few hundreds when weighed against a single human life ? Of the many toilers who are pleading for a shorter day's labour, few, if any, have better reasons to advance than the butchers. Of the 108 hours in the week, they are at present expected to work 102, although their occupation is not one of the most agree able or lightest kind. Assuredly they will have the support of the Biglit Hour Association, or of the men who labour no more and sometimes less than 48 hours each week. But it seems to me that it is the tradespeople who will shop in the gaslight who cause the butchers to be so heavily taxed. Who are they who support the master butchers who. do not close their establishments until 12 o'clock on Saturday nights ? Not clerks or merchants. They are the wives of the eight-hour men, who, instead of buying their Sunday joints early in the day, make a shopping expedition each Saturday night. For my part, I am a lirm advocate for early closing of all kinds of busi ness establishments. If there were fewer ordinary shops open under the flare of the gaslight, there would be less* business for the grogshops. Instead of lads and lasses idly parading our princrpal thoroughfares, they might profitably spend their leisure hours at home. The council of the Agricultural Society of New South Wales would not have any addition to their Tanks. They wish to stand alone, so that they may say, ' We five, we happy fire, we did it ; ' and through their action the society poses at present as the only society of its kind in Australasia — possibly in the world— of which the 'business is entirely managed by five of its members. Well, ail that can he said is that they are gluttons in the matter of work, not to say monopolists in the conservation of honours. Let us hope that in the coming two years they will do even more than they accomplished in the past, and that the society will be kept at least to some extent before the public. If each of their shows is to erst the State £4600, let us have good shows, or something for our money. So far, under the new management, we have received very little. It was unkind, too, on the part of of one of the members of the council to say that under the old system of management] the society was a laughing stock. For ten years it was recognised as the leading agricultural society of -Australasia. With a little money its council 'didu great deal; now, the present council with a great deal of money have done Veryiiitle. It i6 one thing to be clever in the way of obtaining money, and another to know how to properly expend it. There is among the stesm fleet which does such good service along our coast one vessel much more re markable for her cabin and general accommodation than her speed. She is of the six-knot order, steady and slow, and remarkably good as a sea . boat. A friend of mine who was about to take passage from Brisbane, finding this Queen of the Sea on berth, made inquiries concerning her. 'Well,'' replied the local man, 'she's not fast, that's true ; but I agree with her captain in the opinion that, as a comfortable marine residence, she can't be , beaten.' 