PUBLIC WELOtJME TO BISHOP KENNlON. A public meetimr to welcome the Right Rev. Dr. Kennion, the newly - appointed Anglican Bishop, to South Australia was held in the Town Hall on Thursday, March 8. There was a large and representative audience, the hall being fully occupied, and numbers find ing room in the gallery. On the platform ana in tne side g&Uenes; were seated tue members of four church choirs and various Sunday scholars. The Hon. J. C. Bray, M.P. (Chief Secretary), occupied the chair, and around him were Dr. Kennion, the Hon. S. J. Way (Chief Justice), the Hon. R. D. Ross, M.P. (Speaker of the House of As sembly), the Hon. H. Scott, M.L.C., Dean Russell, Archdeacon Marryat, Canon An drews, the Revs. A. G. Rawstornc (chaplain to the bishop), T. Field, and F. S. Poolo, Mr. H. R. Fuller (Mayor of Adelaide), Mr. S. Tomkinson, M.P.. Dr. Mayo, Messrs. S. Davenport, C. B. Young, and other gentlemen. An organ solo having been played by Mr. £. J. Warhurst, The CHAHLMAX said the object of their meeting, as they were all aware, was to offer a public welcome to the Right Reverend Dr. Kennion, the newly-appointed Bishop of Adelaide. Many of those present would re member one afternoon in January of last year when they assembled in that hall to bid farewell to Bishop Short, who had so long and ably presided over the Chuvcli of Eugland in this colony. They then, and for some rime afterwards, experienced feelings of great anxiety to learn who wai likely to ha appointed his successor, and that anxiety was turned into satisfaction when the news reached them that the choice had fallen upon the Rev. George Wyndhara Kvuiiion. (l-oud cVcers.) They experienced this tatL-faction not only becanse they were fully satisfied that the learned men to whom bad Lccn entrusted the choice of their new bishop would exercise that choice with souud judgment, butalso because from all hands they lipanl that the Rev. Mr. Kennion had dis charged the duties of a minister of re ligion in such a way as to make him respected and loved by all those persons amongst whom he labored. (Cheers.) That the arrival of their new bishop was an event of no ordinary importance was proved by the very large number of persons attending there that evening to offer a hearty welcome to his lordship. That meeting he took it was one of the best possible indica tions that could be given to the bishop that the people of South Australia of all religious denominations were anxious to assist him as far as they could in the discharge o£ his im portant duties, and also to welcome him as a personal friend. (Cheers.) With the permis sion of the meeting he would call upon their old friend Dr. Mayo to propose the first re solution. (Cheers.) Dr. MAYO said he had been placed in that pOBition in order to bring forward a motion extending a hearty welcome to the bishop. They did not need the credentials of the biahott now. seeing that they were now fully convinced that they had amongst them a man who would be a blessing to the colony. (Cheers.) As he had been asked to take a part in the proceedings, he would give a short account of what he had witnessed here since he landed in 1S37. He saw a man at the corner of North-terrace and Morphett street surrounded by boards and palings, who had a hammer and nails, and he was commencing to erect a place in which to return thanks to Almighty God, and to ask for His protection in this new country. That man was the Rev. Mr. Howard, one much beloved, and one who conscientiously did his duty. They next had the Rev. James Farrell, and in 1847, Dr. Short, the first Bishop of Adelaide, came here. The bishop had to get order out of chaos, and he was very much respected and beloved, not only for the ecclesiastical management of the church but for his social qualities as well. Dr. Short find ing himself getting weak had resigned his position, and now the Rev. Dr. Kennion had come to undertake the duties of bishop of this diocese. They had now, he might almost say, the good shepherd. There were plenty of lambs and sheep for him to attend to, and he had no doubt that they would in course of time be multiplied. He moved — '; That this meeting, being welt aware of the satisfaction with which members of the Church of England heard of the accep tance by the Right Rev. Dr. Kennion of the Bishopric of Adelaide, desires to welcome his lordship with the utmost cordiality.' (Loud cheers.) The Hon. H. Scott mentioned that he had ?been asked by Dean Russell on board the Parramatta to be present on that occasion to bear his testimony to the great worth of his very reverend fellow-passenger. If the bishop were not there that evening he thought he might almost venture to say part at all events of what he thought in his favor. As one who had had the privilege of being in his lordship's company for several weeks he might be permittei to say what he thought of his lordship, not only 'as a bishop but as a gentleman and a good Christian in every sense of the word. Since he had arrived he had been asked several questions about the new bishop, and to many of these questions he had been obliged to re turn a somewhat negative answer. When asked whether the bishop was a ritualist he was obliged to say 'No.' (Loud cheers.) Was he a low churchman? To that he was obliged to say 'No.' (Cheers.) Was he a j broad churchman? To that he had said that he really did not know, because he did not really comprehend what a broad church maa was. (Cheers and laughter.) If they wanted to know anything about the bishop he must refer them to the good people in the parish where he officiated as vicar. Let them ask his lordship's fellow-workers there.andif they did not give a sufficiently good opinion of him they might consult those ladies and gentlemen who were associated with the various charitable and benevolent institutions of Bradford ; and if that did not suffice, let them ask the clergy men of other denominations who were not of the same church, but who took so much trouble to testify the high opinion they en tertained, notonly of his lordship personally as a clergyman, but also of the immense amount of good he had done in Bradford. (Cheers.) Perhaps he (Mr. Scott) might be justified in making some allusion to some correspon dence which had taken place in the papers lately. He felt perfectly certain that no one who had taken part in the correspondence had been actuated by any unkind feel ing. He thought perhaps that the corre spondence was a little mistaken, but he was disposed to think that it would do good, because it would not only give the bishop an opportunity of knowing the state of feeling which existed in this colony, but would give him a clear insight into the glorious freedom of the Church of England as well as that of other denominations here. It had, more over, directed public attention to the bishop and to his actions, and he was quite certain that they would stand the criticism to which they would be subjected. He thought it only fair to his lordship that he should make an allusion to a matter which had ex cited interest here, and although what he was about to say referred to private conversations he trusted his lordship would pardon his repeating that conversation. Some time ago it was felt by a great number of people that the Council of the Adelaide University desired to hold the position of Chancellor of the University as a warm berth for the Bishop of Adelaide, whoever he might be. Now, as a member of the council, he was perfectly certain that that was not the feeling of the majority o£ members (of the council. However, some friend — whether judiciously or not it was not for him to say — handed his lordship a paper in which the matter was discussed. His lordship came to him (Mr. Scott) and asked for a little information on the subject. The bishop had said that he thought he would have plenty to do in so large a diocese as South Australia to occupy tiie whole of his time as a bishop, and he went further than that, for he said that whatever might be the wishes of the people connected with the University, nothing but a feeling of absolute necessity and duty on his part would induce him to occupy such a position if it were offered to him. (Cheers.) The possibility of such a thing seemed to cause his lord ship great uneasiness, and it was with feelings of relief that he learnt at King George's Sound that the position of Chancellor of the University had been deservedly conferred on His Honor the Chief Justice. (Cheers.) Hehad made this explanation to set the recent dis cussion at rest. Otherwise the explanation might never have been made. (Hear, hear.) He begged to second the resolution. Mr. C. B. Young supported the motion, and spoke of the feelings of satisfaction with which the news of the appointment of his lordship was received in South Australia, not only by members of the Church of England, but by the other colonists as well. They all knew the energy and zeal which characterised his lordship, and were assured that these characteristics would be successfully brought to bear in the govern* rocnt of the Anglican diocese of this colony. Having paid a high tribute to the late Bishop of Adelaide, Mr. Young remarked that they could not expect their new bishop to please eveiybody. There might be sundry crusty clergymen and others who were dissatisfied yeste rday because admission to the cathedral was by ticket, but who would have been equally disgusted had any other arrangement been made, by which there would have hrcn a general scrimmage to get into the place of worship. In concluding he said the people of tiie Church of England wished to receive their bishop with open arms, and that highly representative meeting showed how be was already appreciated by other members of the community. (Cheers). The motion was carried with acclamation. Dean _tuss_-_ read apologies for non attendance from the Rev. W. R, Fletcher, who was at Yankalilla, and from the Rev. J. LyaU, who was at Port Wakefield. The Hon. 6. J. Way said he was sure they all felt with those who had had the manage ment of the arrangements for that evening's gathering that the proceedings would have been incomplete if they had not included a welcome not only from the members of the Church of England towards his lord ship, but also from the colonists at large, and therefore he had much pleasure in standing there as a layman not conforming to the Church of England, not in any representa tive capacity, but still, he believed, repre senting the very widespread feeling through out the colony, in moving the resolution placed in his hands. That motion was— 'That a hearty welcome be given by his fellow- colonists to a new colonist— the Bishop of Adelaide— with the expression of their earnest hope that his labors may prove a benefit not only to the church over which he presides but to the whole community.' (Cheers.) Those of them who were in the habit of watching the features of religious life in England as well as in the colonies must have noticed in spite of controversy upon many important questions a growing feeling of forbearance and of toleration— an inclina tion to recognise that there was something a great deal more important in the aims and the belief in which all the churches agreed than in the dirferences by which they were separated. (Cheers.) Again and apain there were pleasing inci dents, happy events that forced from them tbe exclamation which was as appro priate now as it was in the early centuries of Christianity, ' Behold how these Christian? love one another.' And this feeling of for bearance and of charity is perfectly consistent with loyalty to their own convictions, and with loyalty to the religious bodies with which they were associated. Nobody for example supposed that there was any probability in England that tbe clergy of the diocese of Gloucester and Bristol would go over to the Independents, and the hearts of Nonconformists were thrilled with delight at tbe generosity, the noble generosity which was displayed' by the dean and many of tie leading clergy in Bristol ia poiDg in person to give a fraternal welcome to the members of the Congregational Union of England and Wales, who were holding their sittings in that city. (Loud cheers.) Tha*: was an event which they would have thought quite impossible ten or twenty yean ago, just as an incident which occurred not very far from our own doors would have been reckoned impossible a score of years ago. (Hear, hear. ) He did not pretend to know very much about church matters, but he supposed he would not be far wrong if he pronounced the Arch bishop of Canterbury a sound churchman (Cheers. ) Many of them had read the farewell address which he published to the church men of the diocese of Truro, an address which no one could read without recognising in it tbe true ring of earnestness and of sincerity, and yet these were the large hearted words in which he spoke of th« Wesleyans and other dissenting churches in the county of Cornwall : — ' Little justice should I do to my creed or my feelings if I did not yet once again, as often in the past, acknowledge with love and gratitude that activity for Christ's sake, that open handedness, that kindness towards all good works, that favor at beholding growing ac tivities in the church which have been shown by the Wesleyans and by others, many others who nevertheless have and use energetic organisations of their own.' (Loud cheers.) Now he trusted the Nonconformists are in clined to strive, as Bishop Benson said he strove, after the sweetness of charity of which he spoke in the address, and he (His Honor) thought he might appeal to his lord ship that in the words of regret and respect which were addressed to him on bis leav ing his parish in Bradford, there were none more earnest and sincere than those which were made by the Non conformists of the West riding. (Cheers.) And for his part and that of that large section which, like himself, did not conform to the Church of England, he felt that their welcome to His Lordship would be as hearty and sincere as that he received from the members of his own church. (Cheers.) They all knew the interest with which His Lordship's arrival amongst them had been regarded, and that had been heightened by a good many circum stances incident to his coming. The interest which had been manifested had not been diminished by tbe knowledge that His Lord ship had not come here for the purpose of re newing controversy and differences that had been settled and laid dead long ago. (Cheers.) He gathered from the reported expressions of His Lordship while in England that the staunchest Nonconformist amongst ua here did not recognise more heartily than did His Lordship that in a young colony like this, founded and built up as much by Noncon formists as by churchmen, it was better that the churches should do their work un trammelled by the control of the State, and unencumbered by its help. (Cheers.) His Lordship would be first of all a good church man and a good bishop, and they would have an example in the career of his lordship that :t man might be not only a sound churchman and a good and great bishop, but a good citizen as well. (Cheers.) It had been truly said that no citizen of this colony had ever received such flattering demonstrations of admiration for bis character as a citizen than did his lordship's predecessor on the occasion of his saying good-bye to the colonists in that very halL (Cheers.) It must be allowed that it was a great advantage, not to Hie Church of England alone, but to the colony at large, to see here amongst them in the person of his lordship a man in the prime and vigor of his life, a man of high culture and rare attain ments, of broad and liberal sympathies, who came to us with the prestige not of high office simply, but of having been selected for that office by some of the wisest and greatest of the prelates of the Church of England as possessing singular gifts for the position he was called upon to fill ; and he would go over the length and breadth of his great diocese, loyal to the Queen, always on the side of law snd order and of good government, devoted no doubt to the sacred duties of his high office, but performing them and comporting himself towards others with that winning modesty which they had all noticed in the cathedral, and with that sweetness of charity after which his lordship as well as Archbishop Benson longs. (Loud cheers). Mr. S. Davkni-ort, in seconding the reso lution, joined heartily in giving a warm wel come to the new bishop, and in doing so he felt that he was representing a very large number of his fellow colonists. _ He most earnestly desired to give expression to the hope that a long life of health, which in con nection with the bishop would be a long life of labor in this colony, would result in freat happiness to himself and in great enefit to the community. He recognised in the bishop a man of high intellectual powers, a good British gentleman — which meant a good deal— and an earnest and devoted Christian. As a citizen of the world he cared not to what denomination such a man might belong ; he must be an acquisition to us. Having alluded to tbe fact that one of three points of our constitution was that no established church should exist in this colony, he said the bishop would find in this colony many denominational Christians who would be willing to put aside mere differences of opinion to co-operate with him in undertak ing the great task of evangelising the country. (Cheers.) Mr. R. Seaele, as a Congrcgationalist, although not officially representing the Con gregational body, welcomed his lordship to the colony, and expressed his pleasure at finding from his lordship's sermon yesterday that he was a man of broad views. The motion .was carried with acclamation. His Lobd.su ir, who met with a tremen dous reception, said— I want at the very beginning to take you into my confidence. I dare say I shall hear more of it from. another quarter, but I am going to risk it, and to say in spite of what ever fate may be in store, that glad as your resolutions have made me to-night ; glad as the kindly words that have been uttered have made me feel, there are two words which do stick so in my throat that I can hardly get them out, and hardly get them down ; and those two words are ' His lordship.' (Laughter.) It will be no grieE to me if everybody forgets them. (Cheers and laughter. ) And now I want to say that when I was sent for by the great Archbishop ot Canterbury, I was greatly astonished and almost trembling at the great invitation that was extended and the burden that was laid upon me. I went, asjyou may suppose, to consult Dr. Short, your late bishop. I told him that I had come to ask him some thing about tbe diocese of Adelaide. I asked him a few questions, and then I pro duced the letter of the archbishop, and Rave it to him to read. He read it, looked at me, and then said, 'But how old are you!' (Laughter.) And when I told him how old I was he reminded me that he had been Bishop of Adelaide— well, I won't say how long— bat soon after I was born. (Laughter.) I wish that it was only in age that I feel everywhere so great a difference between myself and him whom you and I revere bo very much. It is a very difficult thing to followa man like Bishop Short, not only because his ripeness of years gave every word that he spoke a special significance* not only because yoa had learnt thoroughly to trust him and to know him, but because I think if yoa search the whole world through you will hardly find, so stoat a heart, so energetic a frame, so willing and cordial a hand stretched oat to everyone, so broad a sympathy and so great a determination to do whatever lies ia his power which he believes to be right. (Cheers.) It is a very great difficulty it seems to me to follow ouch a man as Bishop Short. How ever, I mean, God helping me, to do my best, and whatever that nun-, be . worth— I only wish yoa had not anticipated it so much by your kind words— if you will :: citrine a U£t& time yoasbftll see that I mil tra to do my best (Cheers.) Sow as each ' m»e«dTO«i-eAeT^tq|onhiflfedb«naaud words that Bounded wo Veiy uwttenng, and so :-^j^-nilftfrflin0fji»MMi.-i«r-»ne to tiHten to with S clear conscience I confton ftat I trembled, ItremttedmosfcoftHwhenlsawmyfrieni, If he will allow me to -all bm so, staad up before you. I thought Mr. Scott most have foundmeoat. (Laughter.) Therearesomemen who iive in the terrible fear of being found out.! I have learnt to dispense with the fear simply because I knowthat it does not matter much!; but I was terribly afraidforallthat, that Mr. Scott might reveal to you that I was n»c the man you wereanticipatzngby anymannsr of means. (Laughter.) I thought of a cele brated clergyman, who was about to preach a sermon on some particular doctrine on which he felt very strongly. He had a little boy, a son of Jus, who was a re markably intellectual boy, and he told this 'boy that he wished him to listen particularly to this sermon, because he wanted him to understand this ' rather difficult doctrine. When they came out of the church the dig nitary of the church — for he was a dignitary — turned tohia boyand said, 'Well, my boy, w hat do you think of it ?' ' Please father,' returned the boy, ' I should like to hear the other side.' (Laughter.) Now I thought when Mr. Scott got up that you were going to hear the other side. (Laughter.) If he did not give it to you I can only say that the matter has been in some way divided between us, because while you were *aying all the good things about me I wa3 compelled to be uttering in my own mind a great many bad things which £ knew about myself. (Laughter.) Well, you -will have to take me as you find me. I have come, as I tried to say yesterday, because I am seat, because- I had believed that those men who sent me knew better than I can know whether or not I was fitted for the work here, and because 1 did think that if I had any recommendation whatever it was that one-half of me was Yorkshire, and the other half came from over the border. (Cheers and laughter.) I have, indeed, been touched by some of the kind things that have been said to-night. I can hardly state to you in words that arc suitable for an evening's meeting like this how very close to my heart some of those things have gone that have been said by the previous speakers. But this much let me say on the subject of the dif ferences of our nonconformist brethren, _tL:at I think we may always remember that if the Church of England has not been able to hold them all, it must be because each of them has preserved some precious truth and jewel in some more brilliant setting than perhaps in her large crown the Church of England has found room to sufficiently show forth, and because they may hold that particular jewel all the brighter under the fostering care of their Master, until the mother Church of England shall have opened her arms wide enough to have received them to their own placing, and shall have been able to accept more clearly that trutfl which in God's pro vidence they had been able so brightly to preserve. (Cheers.) My own feeling is — and I take the line of a sound churchman — for I have always found it best, and that where the line is fairly drawn, it always becomes more easy and clear to shake bands across the line. I hold it very true that the Church of England is awakening to the fact that these jewels of truth of which the various nonconformist bodies have per* haps held one each, do exist, and that she is awakening to the necessity of accepting so many of these truths in a much stronger degree than she ever did before. I cannot help hoping that my friend with whom I shook hands just now, and I do thank him with all my heart for what he said, and those on the other side who have cheered us by what they have said, will find that somehow or other we are brought together both in wor ship and in faith, because we are learning while we tread near each other— if not exactly on the same road, that we are going in the same direction— that we cannot afford any longer to be apart one from another as the dangers are so great all around us, and we are now to stand shoulder to shoulder to gether in defence of the great faith in God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost. (Cheers.) There is one good thing 1 have done for yon. I have brought a good wife to the colony. (Laughter.) You might have thought I was a long time on the journey. You might have thought when we were staying in India that we seemed to have stuck there too long. I can only assure you that it was not because, as Lord Byron says, 'I found it a treacle moon.' (Laughter. ) I am very thankful that we were able to visit India. 1 have learned much by going there, and I will tell you one thing that 1 learnt and that I never realised so strongly before. It is that when a man travels through a heathen land and then comes to find himself at home in a Christian land, he can never think that the differences be* tween various bodies of Christians are so great as he may have thought them before. (Cheers.) I have learned another thing of a very agreeable kind, and it is this, that it is tiot. so bad sometimes with the thermometer at *JS° as it is in some countries with tbe ther mometer at 81°. That is a very great thing to have learnt I can assure you when you begin life in a colony like this on such a day as yesterday wa?. One might have been despondent had one come first of all to South Australia and begun work yesterday, but having been to India and discovered what heat is, I think that this is quite cool weather. (Laughter.) There is something more I should like to say before I sit down, if I am 'not trespassing too much on your time. (Cheers.) I may say to the chairman how wonderful the help is which Z have found, and which you must have found in such services as those at the cathedral. It is indeed like coming home to take part in Buch services. I lived in a musical county ; Yorkshiremen boast of being exceedingly musical. (Hear, hear.) I think that must have been a Yorkshire cheer I heard. (Laughter.) I declare that when I came to the cathedral here it was impossible to deny that you had secured quite as good, if not better, singing thanany Inave heard in our most highly valued churches in Yorkshire. (Cheers). It was a solemn and reverent service. I have to thank many of you here for the great kindness with which yon have endeavored to make the house in which we are living a comfortable one, but like Lord Wolseley I hope you will allow me to fix the base of operations before making my visits. (Hear, hear.) We were told that in summer we should find the whole place bare and everything looking dried up. I find, however, as it has been beautifully expressed, a brighter Britain. (Cheers.) Therein a beauty toa strangerinthe brightness which is seen both day and night here, and the colony seems to me the loophole for England's overstocked, and I fear, rather wanting population. It certainly seems as if in our great towns in the north of England, we ought to do something towards getting the people out to South Australia. (Cheers.) There seems to be such a marvellous hope for all who come here. England must gain by a colony like ours, and I am proud to be a colo nist of yours. (Cheers.) I like also the way you always speak of England as home ; it warms one's heart to hear the term. After a little period I may say it will be my duty to find out whether your purses are of the same character as your hearts. I must give you a little respite ; but then you know the cathedral ought certainly not to remain for Adelaide's sake in the unfinished condition in which it now 1b. (Hear, hear.) I have again to thank you very warmly for your kindness. I have tried not to preach a sermon but I cannot sit down without saying how deejlv I thank Almighty God that he has already sb knit our hearts together, how I pray H:m that He may enable me not to disappoint the hopes that you seem to have formed of me. I hope, too, that you will show patieuce and forbearance with me, remembering th3t I have much to learn from you, end t*iat i? you will give me your prayers as you bave given me your welcome I shall indeed be thankful for the kindness you are now show ing me. Once again thanking you all, I cin only wish you the same blessings and happi ness which you have kindly wished me. (Loud and continued cheering). Comprehensive votes of thanks terminated ,the proceedings. During the evening the choir of 250 voices sang ' The church's one foundation,' *' The Song of Australia,' and ' The National Anthem,' with capital effect. Mr. S. Dyke conducted, and Mr. E. J. War burst presided at the organ. The city coroner held an inquest at the Port Admiral Hotel, Port Adelaide, on Thursday afternoon, March 8, on the body of a child which was found in a waterhole at Hawker's Creek, Glanville, on the previous day. Mr. E. Butler was foreman of the jury. John Henry Winter, a little boy, stated that whilst he was playing near the Lefevre's Peninsula Model School, a boy who was with him named Friberg, said 'Look! here is a baby.' Then saw the body of a child a little way from a bag in the mud. Went home and told his mother, but she did not appear to believe him. Went to bed soon afterwards and there was nothing more said by him about the discovery. Andrew FriberS corroborate i, adding that when he told his parents aba it it they did not take any steps. Afterwards told a boy named Sydney Reid. When the body was firtt found it was about three feet from a bag. Told Reid that he saw so no boys empty the body of the child out of the bag, but that was not true. Dr. Toll depo *ed that fee had made a poss-mortem exaaunati -n, bnt^ in consequeuce of decomposition having set in he was unable to see whether there w»m any external marks of violence. Found the umbilical cord, about twelve inches wdb1, attached to the body. It was jagged and did not appear as if it had been cut. Be* lieved that the child bad lived, but could not aay Whether it had dene so after separation, It wasfromfive to ten days old. The inqu«wt was then adjourned for a week to see if an* more-£v«fcnce could be obtained 