SYDNEY SMUTCHES. BX 1IA110LI) W. II. STEPHEN. The Art Gallery. ini: Sydney Art Uallery is a wooden build ing in tlie Domain, which was erected for the display of the pictures sent to tho Inter national Exhibition. It is sufficiently capa cious for tho purpose, but tho light is not all that could bo desired, especially in the sculp ture gallery. Its chief defect is tho heal engendered by a galvanised iron roof, which has already resulted in serious damage to many pictures. Eor example, tho fine land scape, “ Tho Carso of Gowrio," by Hargitt, has a largo crack across tho middle, and must be sent back to tho artist for repair, ns has been done already in tho case of Gow’s “Siege of Leyden." However, the present Government have selected a sito for a now building (that now occupied by tho District Court, iVc.), and the work will soon bo com menced. . Under tho same roof, will bo located tho Public Library, a School of Design, and the Technological Musoum. At present there is no School of Design in connection with the Art Gallery, but students can obtain, on appli cation to tho trustees, admission to tho gal lery, where there is a large collection of cast: from tho antique, Arc. Tho ptotures arc hung on a background ol maroon cloth, and, for the most part, satis factorily, although some aro misplacod, ns. for example, John Absolon’s “ Gipsy Fortune teller ” (a scene from tho Vicar of Wakefield) which is out of sight over a door. _ One of tho first thoughts that will occur to r visitor is the paucity of works by colonia' artists. There are, in tho gallery, two or thret paintings by Piguenit (not in his best form “ A Snow Scene in the Gippsland Mountains,' by Curtis ; a portrait by Beaumont (chalk): two portraits of Sir Hercules llobinson, bj Folingsby j a landscape by Gully ; “ Govett’f Leap,” by Hern ; and two or three land scapes by Conrad Marteus. Wo find nc specimens of tho work of M'Leod, Cnrse Hoyte, Haworth, Terry, Thomas, Whitehead! Chester Earles, Ford, Buvolot, Greig, Scott! Podmore, Greenwood, Halsted, Brees, Frank! Ashton, Chas. Turner, Collingridge, Gibb Johnston, Combes, Deering, Commons, Gill, Gilfilian, Anivith, Habbo, Mrs. Stoddart, and others whoso names do not, at the moment, occur to me, but who nil should be repre sented in a truly national gallery. In Statuary, Simonetti (an Italian 1 ) is the only local artist who has found a place for his works. His busts of the Hon. J. Blax land and Sir Alfred Stephen aro good, but that of Sir Henry Parkes is an awful burles que, and might easily pass for tho etligics oi somo King Billy of a native tribe. J. S. Mackennal, of Melbourne, should not bo for gotten by the trustees when they have money to spend on local men, and there are other modellers nnd sculptors amongst us who should not be neglected. I have not been nble to ascertain how much the whole collection lias cost the country, but I have before mo a list of the prices'paid for pictures purchased out of the International Exhibition, which totals £3728 15s. The hignest price paid for any single picture in this lot (they number 21) was £030 for Hals welie’s “ Eon Angli, Sed Angeli”; the highest among the wuter colors was £157 10s. forflargitt’s “ Highland Drovers.” The Sore going information has been withheld from tho public, for what reason I cannot say ; I ob tained it, accidentally, from a private source. I lie collection of statuary' is comparatively' small. The most noticeable works in this division arc Fontana’s “ Somnambola ”; Marshall Woods’ “ Song of tho Shirt ” (a poem in marble) j and a grand figure of Fame by an Italian sculptor. There are the usual casts from the antique, nnd several fine bronzes by modern French artists. Note worthy also are the casts of freezes, Arc., recently discovered at Rome, which were pre sented to the gallery by Mr. J. li. Fairfax, of tho Sydney Morniny Herald, This gentle man is also tho donor of a collection of medals and decorations bestowed upon the British A series of wood blocks showing the pro cesses of engraving, together with original sketches of artists on their staff, was pre sented to the gullery by tho proprietors of the Graphic, These form an interesting exhibit to art- students, as also do the specimens of work done at the Kensington School of Arts. The display of modern ceramic ware is very fine, and the Japanese exhibits attract much attention. In the same portion of the gallery are two magnificent vases of Sdvres ware, presented by the French Government. In attempting a criticism of some of tho pictures, I must premise that I have not space to notice many tine works, nnd that I have selected only those which more especially attracted my attention. I must crave tho indulgence of artists who may differ from me —I set down only what I think, and I am sufficiently educated in Art to be thoroughly aware of ray own ignorance. For obvious reasons, I shall refrain from criticising tho work of local men. The largest picture in the gallery is F. M. Brown’s "Clmueer reading before John of Gaunt.” This work is full of power. Mr. Brown’s style is broad nnd massive, and his drawing is excellent. The grouping is well managed, but there are too many figures for tho space they are supposed to occupy, and the faces are uninteresting and uninterested, lacking character and individuality. The distance also is deficient in icrial perspective. The picture is of the mediioval pre-Raphaelito school, in which low tones of bright colors are used—it is, what would, in music, bo called, “ in a minor key.” A great contrast to Chaucer in many respects is Elmore’s "Lenore.” This is my special favorite. It is almost a monochrome. Tho mad night-ride of Burger's ghost lover with his loving bride is here depicted after a fashion which would hnvo gladdened tho poet’s heart. Tho grouping and drawing aro splendid, and there is individuality in every Chevalier’s “ Going to Market ”—a scene in Tahiti—is too garish to please me—it looks like the colored supplement of a weekly newspaper, yet in design and drawing it is excellent. The coloring is too vivid, and if wants shade; altogether it is weak in hand ling, and the foreground is sadly Making in shade—a little moro impasto would have been a groat improvement. • “ Salmon lashers," by Colin Hunter, is a great picturo in ovory senso of tho word. Tlio silvery sheen on tho wntor is splendid. Nearly all this picture scorns to have been tho work of tho palotto-knifo. Jean Itobie's "Flowers and Fruit "cannot bo beaten by any modern painter of still lifo. Thoro is in it a goblot ot mother-of-pearl which is truly marvollously real. Tho artiBt is the son of a Belgian blacksmith, and is still a moro youth. " Tho Gordon Biots,” the first work exhibi ted by Seymour Lucas, is inferior and unsatis factory. Of " Non Angli sod Angcli," by Halswollo, I shall say little, boonuso I know that my opinion will not bo generally endorsed. X don’t like it. Tho boys nro not well grouped (throe distinct linos being mndo by their arms and logs) and their llesli is anything but “chcrnbimic " in tint, whilst tho Itoimin citizens are so small-bonded ns to look about eight foot high. Drawing and coloring, of course, fine. “ Borkc’s Drift,” by A. do Ncuvilto, is a realistic composition, somewhat reminding one of tho works of “ Our Spccinl Artist.” Nevertheless, it is full of spirit, and tho liko bosses nro ekcellcnt. Tho coloring is emi nently " Frenchy.” The only nude figuro in tho gallery is a Nymph of Diana, by a French artist. This is essentially a “ pretty " picturo. The color ing is subdued, and tho penrly llesli tints nro very beautiful. It, however, lncks that force which is noticeable in “Cliloe,” tho picture which recently so riled the “ unco guid ” in Melbourne. “ A Fugitive," by Fortuny (who stands at tho head of modern Spanish painters) is very fine, but misnamed. It represents a quadroon girl hiding behind some rushes, but the look on her fneo is rather expectation than fear— “ Tho Assignation " or " Waiting " would be much moro appropriate titles. Tho speoial featuro of this painting is the thinness of color, tho texture of tho canvas being visible in many places. It is a masterly and emi nently plcnsing composition, and tho cool lights on tho flesh nro worth studying. J. B. Pyno’s “ Lnko of Lucornc” is n splendid picture, but it also is misnamed, ns the buildings aro not Swiss but Italian. Doubtless it Bhould be “Lake of Lugnrno.” I do not care much for Tophnm's “ Savo narola.” This is a very crowded composition, representing Boman dames, monks, Ac.,, de stroying jewollery, fancy clothing, Ac., at the bidding of tho austere reformer. Each indi vidual is a study, and the picture is admirably painted, but thero nro too many figures, niul the facial expression of most of them is scarcely up to tiro business in hand. Tho latest noteworthy addition is “ Wed ded,” by Sir F. Leighton, president of the Eoyal Academy. A young couple in their honeymoon. A beautiful picture, tho expres sion of the happy pair being most felicitous— painted in broken tones, with no positive color. The back ground of sky and water is very hard, and wanting in air; but this was perhaps intentional, the artist desiring, by force of contrast, to direct the whole atten tion to tho figures. “ Of tho sea-scapes, I like 11 The Morning after the Storm,” by Mclby, best. The water is very transparent, and thoro is a wonderful glow of light on the waves. Tho sky is rather weak. Hamilton M'Cullocli’s “ Fishing for Dabs in Tarbott Harbour,” is remarkable for its vigorous impasto, and tho exquisite painting of tho water. 