USEFUL GHOSTS. A Tennessee ghost comes to a house in Hamilton county, and rocks tho baby to Bleep evory night. Now, than, by all the dwollora in 'tho nether gloom,' if tliero is a reckless ghost of any old ancestor of ours would liko to find steady employment ut good wages in a quiet family and good ncighbourhoid, we can givo llio perturbed spirit all it wuntu to do in tho silont lino of gonoral hou-owork, with Sunday after noon for iuclf, and one night out every weon when it could go around and raise a ghostly rackot with tho neighbours, and haunt all tho lonely housrs in tho neighbourhood What a Kcm or a noure servant; a gnost wouia do. r*ov*;r ' suss' back ; always invisible. The pie would come on the tablo a» though it were failing through tho air; the carpet sweopor would perform its noiseless functions without the howling accompaniment of ' Q-nah-na-gnah na tha-wah — that wnrtho placo whuyre the whisky is plenthy— whack ! fol-dho-rol-lol !' And ut night it could haunf all tho objfotionablo neighbours nntil they fled the neighbour hood, and property would depreciate seventy five por cent., whon we could buy it. in and whack up with the ghost. No lights and no firo required for the gho-t's room. No private, watchman wanted on tho block j no dog on the premises. When a burglar climbed in at tho window and felt tbo cold, clammy fingers of the ghost wiggling down tho back of his nock ; when he drove a ten inch bowio knife clean through tho ghost's bosom five times a-d tho Bpectro smiles siull-- at him und showed him whero his throat had been cut clear off Line years bofore, how the robber would drop his kit arid wing his restless flight to realms beyond tWo farther limits of the city corporate. And when the door bell rang, the ghct could juBt stick iU head olear through tho key hole and see who was there bofore the door was opened. And then) would be no swerthearts loafing about the kitchen Sunday nights, ah no Truly, a ghost would be a great boon to the borne, and if any of our readers knows of a ghost out of a job, Bend him at once ti this office. 