The Secret of Power: AN EXPERIENCE. BY BEV. GRIFFITH JOHN. It is now more than eight years since I began to feel, as I had never done before, dissatisfied with myself as a Christian and a missionary. I read, and re-read my New Testament anew, and there I saw clearly a life depicted which appeared immeasurably above anything realised in my experience. I felt also that the richness of the blessings promised by our Lord to His disciples in connection with the advent of the other Comforter had not been fathomed by me. It was at this time the work " The Baptism of the Holy Ghost," was placed in my hands. The more I read this book, and other books of a kindred spirit and aim, the more I became convinced that the life revealed to us in the Word of God was never intended to exist in the imagination only, but a life to be embodied and manifested in the life of every disciple. I saw that it is a life which has been actually enjoyed by many of God's children in eveiy age, and a life possible to all. As I read and mused, the fire of holy desire burned. I longed to rise in the Christian life to a higher plane tlian that on which I was then standing, so that my walk with God might become more calm, unbroken, and intimate; and my daily cry was for such an enduement of power from on lngh to enable me to serve my Divine Master with redoubled energy and greater success. I remember in the summer of 1875 spending a whole Saturday in prayer for a baptism of the Holy Spirit. Whilst pleading earnestly for my»elf, the question occurred to me—Why do you not seek the same blessing for the converts also ? I had often prayed that the Spirit might bless them in various ways; but the thought that the Chinese might be actually baptised with the Spirit, in the sense in which I was at that time seeking the blessing for myself, had not suggested itself to my mind. I did, however, at tliat moment begin to plead for them. Sunday morning came, and I had not so much as a text for my congregation. I could only wait upon God for both the text and the sermon. In due time the following words were given to me as if from heaven: "But ye shall receive power, after that the Holy Ghost is come upon you." I shall never forget the morning service which followed. Some time before the end of the sermon both the congregation and myself were bathed in tears, and it seemed to me that the Divine Comforter was not far from any of us. At the close of the service I proposed that we should have a eek of prayer, and that the burden of our petitions should be a baptism of the Holy Ghost. In a moment every hand was up, and every countenance beamed with delight. Through the ensuing week we met every day between the hours of three and four in the afternoon. There the converts were to be seen, day after day, on their knees, confessing with tears their own sins, the sins of the Clmrch, and the sin6 of the nation, imploring the Divine forgiveness, and seeking the fulness of the Divine Spirit. I had been twenty years in China, but had never seen such a spectacle before. The meetings grew- in interest and the feelings in intensity till the Sunday, when there came upon us—What shall I call it ? I know not what to call it, except by its Scriptural name, " The Gift of the Holy Ghost." What was the effect of this baptism on the converts ? cannot go into many particulars, but I may just touch on two or three points as illustrative of the reality, the vorth, and the nature of the blessing which was thus howered upon them. 1\. Christ was glorified in the eyes of that little church He had never beeu before. One convert spoke thus: Before I became a Christian I was a, genuine heathen, believed in the idols with all my heart. When I accepted Christianity I abandoned the idols utterly, and became a sincere believer in the truths of the Gospel. But whilst I had no difficulty in denouncing idolatry, and proclaiming the existence of the one eternal God,'I felt that Jesus Christ had not become a great reality to me. I believed the doctrines concerning Him, but I was timid in professing His name among my relations and acquaintances. Since that week of prayer, however, a great change lias taken place in mc in this respect. I have been bold, for Christ, and His name is the first that ~ now mention." Others bore a similar testimony in pect to themselves, and I thought it a sound note ; • wc are told that one of the great offices of the Spirit to glorify Christ. " He shall not speak of Himself : He shall glorify Me." "!. The secret of victory over sin was revealed to them it had never been before. On the same occasion another convert spoke thus: "During that week of prayer we often sang, ' I am coming to the Cross,' the refrain of which ends with the words, 'Jesus saves, He saves mo now.' Up to that time I relied upon the atonement of Christ wholly for the forgiveness f my sins ; but my trust in Him for the victory over my sins was only partial. My ideh was that I must fight with my sins as well as I could, and look to Him for occasional help. It was revcul«d tf t o me at tliat time that Jesus is the Saviour, not oifly from the consequences of sin, but from sin itself ; ana ever since it has been my habit to put Christ between myself and my sin, and trust Him for the victory. And this I do moment by moment. Whenever the tempter comes, I simply cling to Him and say, ' Jesus saves, He saves ine now!' This view of Christ has made a wonderful difference in my life." 3\. The Christians began to work for Christ as they had never done before; and instead of receiving twentyfire or thirty converts per annum into the church, we have been receiving since that time eighty, ninety, a hundred, and even more than a hundred. The fire burned within them, and they could not but speak of the great things which God lias done for their souls. 4\. The very vocabulary of the church changed. Nothing struck me more forcibly than the change in this respect. The babes in Christ seemed to have sprung all at once into men; and I felt that I could now speak to them, not as unto carnal, but as unto spiritual. The Holy Spirit was no longer a shadowy abstraction to them, but a living, personal, mighty reality; and this was manifest in the spontaneous change which took place in their ordinary language. What was the effect of this baptism on myself ? 1\. I also received a deeper insight into the secret of victory over sin and self. I ceased to seek justification in one way, and sanctification in another; and I learnt definitely that deliverance from the power of Bin is to be obtained only in and through the might of the living, present, all-victorious Christ. I gave up struggling with sin, and entered upon a life of implicit trust in the mighty Son of God as my complete Redeemer. 2\. The living Christ began to fill up my life as He had never done before; and I received a new realisation of what He meant when He said: " Without Me ye can do nothing." He became my ever-present friend, counsellor, guide, strength, consolation—all. To talk with Him became the most natural and most delightful thing in the world ; and to serve Him became the one joy in life. When travelling alone in that strange land, I did not feel alone. There were two of us at least—Christ and myself. 3\. The Bible became a new book, and reading it became a delight to my soul such as I had never known before. Many parts, which had had no meaning to me, became replete with Divine thoughts; and many a promise which I had laid aside as having never been intended for me, at- least in this world, I recognised at once as my present heritage. It is only under the illumination of the blessed Spirit tliat we can possibly know the things tliat are freely given us of God. These, as facts and doctrines, are given us in the Word. But the Word alone is not enough for us. It is the " Spirit that scarcheth all things, yea, the deep things of God," and so reveals them to the minds of the reader that he shall behold them in their deep significance and matchless beauty. 4\. A decided change took place in my preaching. I still preached the Cross and the atonement with the old empliasis; but the living Christ as an ever-present Saviour from the power and dominion of sin began to bulk out in my preaching in new proportions. I felt that I could go to the gambler and preach to him a Christ that could save him from gambling; to the libertine, a Christ that could deliver him from the tyranny of passion; and to the opium smoker, a Christ that could strike the chains with which he was tied and bound, and set him free. I felt then, and liave felt ever since, that this is the very gospel which men need, and that it only requires to be preached with emphasis and force in order to meet with a quick and joyful response from myriads of sin- chained souls. This preaching has been made the power of God unto the salvation of not a few in Cliina. In some cases its effect has been instantaneous and momentous. Allow me to give you two instances as specimens of many more that might be adduced. One day I was preaching in my chapel, and dwelling more especially on the great truth that Jesus Christ is the Saviour from sin. Having spoken for some time, one of my hearers asked me it' it was true. I told liim that it was perfectly true. " Well," said lie, " if it be true, it is a very remarkable truth." Thinking that he was impressed by what he had heard, I did what I was in the habit of doing in those days. I handed the congregation over to the native preacher, and took this man to the vestry to expound the truth more fully to him, and pray with him. Another followed us, whose presence in the congregation I had not observed. As soon as the first man was dismissed, the 6econd came forward, and addressed me in a language similar to the following:—"Mr. John, did I not hear you say just now that Jesus can save men from their sins ?" I plied that I had said so. " Well, then," said he " Can He save me?" I asked him what sins he had to be saved from. "I have," said he, "every sin you can think of. I am an opium smoker, a gambler, a drunkard, fornicator, and everything that is bad. Can Jesus Christ save me!" I looked at the man, and liad no difficulty in seeing tliat his appearance testified to the fact that he was all he declared himself to be. For a moment I hesitated to say yes; but God gave me strength to do so. Looking him steadily in the face, I said, " Yes, Christ can save you." "When?" inquired' he. " A T oiv," was the reply " How ?" asked the man again. "Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ for this salvation, and thou slialt be saved," was the simple answer. " Let us pray," said I. We knelt down together; and that man, I sincerely believe, was converted there and then. In his outward life he became a changed man. For many years his shadow had not once darkened the door of his home. Though a husband he was not a husband, and though a father lie was not a father. No sooner was he coverted than he began to think of his wife and children, and to look after their interests. He began also to work for Clirist, and was the means of bringing a number of the vilest characters in Hankow under the influence of the Gospel. On one occasion I received a note from him, informing me tliat the people of his village were casting away their idols, and requesting mc to come and instruct them. I went, and found the state of tilings just as he had described it. But I found also that they were very ignorant of the truths of Christianity. I asked them why they cast away their idols, seeing that their knowledge of the truth was 60 meagre. The reply was very satisfactory. " We know very little about Christianity," said they, " but we see this "man, and we believe that the Gospel that could change the heart of this man must be the truth." At one time an opium smoker was in the habit of attending the services, and gradually this truth of salvation by faith in the living ChriBt found its way into his heart. He had been an opium smoker for twenty years, and when I first saw him he looked more like a ghost than a man. After attending the daily services for some months, he became deeply convinced of sin, and . very anxious to join the church. He knew that he could not be admitted while smoking opium, but he was afraid that the attempt to abandon the vice would cost him liis life. At length he was prevailed upon to come to the hospital and be cured ; but the experiment was almost too much for his worn-out constitution. Besides having to contend with the craving in its most, savage form, a severe attack of rheumatism came on and almost drove him mad. On the third day the crisis was so dreadful that he must give up the struggle. Just as my wife and myself were entering the hospital, she to speak' to the women, and I to the men, we could see Hiung walking out. I rushed after him, put my hand upon his shoulder, and asked him where he was going to. " I am going home," said he. " I can stand it no longer. It is not only the craving, but this horrible rheumatism. Every bone in my body is aching. Were it not my desire to become a Christian, I should never think of -undergoing this suffering. I -will go home now, but will return in a few days." I told him that he must not go •home, "for," said I, "if you do, you will never return; and even if you should return, the next attempt will end in the same failure." " Well, then," said he, " what can I do ?" " Go back to your ward," was my advice, " and tell Jesus all about it, and He will strengthen your heart." He looked at me—it was a pitiful look—and said, " I will go back and do as you advise me." He did BO, and.there, in his ward, found the very help he needed. A few days later lie was dismissed from the hospital cured, as he told me, in body and soul. I met him as I •was coming out of one of our chapels, and so great was the change in his appearance that I could hardly believe he was the same man. His face shone like a midsummer eun. "Teacher," said he to me, "I have been born again. I am a new man—born again body and soul, Formerly I was a demon, now I am a man. Thank God! Thank God!" Soon after his baptism he began to work for Christ. He first brought in his employer, a leader of considerable standing in the vegetarian sect. Others followed, all more or less influenced by his teachings and example. Hiung was brought to the hospital one day in a dying condition. His disease was dysentry, and his sufferings were extreme; but he never murmured. Throughout his illness he manifested the most perfect resignation to the Father's will, and implicit trust in Christ. One evening, when about wishing him goodnight, he said, "I have but one desire—namely, that God's will should be speedily accomplished, whether it be for life or death." Speaking to the converts on one occasion, he said, " Not a few Christians have commenced •well, but have ended badly. I would rather die now than recover, and then grow cold and lifeless. God sees the future and knows what is best. I have led a wicked life, and if permitted to live I might yet fall back into Bin. It may be God's will to take me now to Himself in order to prevent that dreadful possibility." He spent his dying breath in exhorting the Christians who visited him to cleave to the Lord with true purpose of heart, and in telling his heathen friends of the joy he had in the Christ who had brought life and immortality to his dead sold. At our first church meeting after Ids death, his employer wept tears of genuine sorrow when relating certain facts connected with his life since lie became a Christian. Not having left any money behind him, the expenses of his funeral were defrayed by the Native Church ; but so ready was every one to give, that it was found, when the subscriptions were paid in, that we had a considerable balance in hand. I mention these facts in order to 6liow in what esteem the man was held by the native Christians. Their knowledge of each other is very thorough, and it may be taken for granted that the man on whom they cheerfully bestow their time and charity is no hypocrite. Iam now returning to China, resolved to preach the living Christ with more assiduity and emphasis than ever. It is the great truth which the Chinese need. And is it not the great truth needed also in England and America ? What you need there is a new Pentecost, a new manifesiation o£ Christ. May God grant it to you and to 11s. Then the prayer, "Thy kingdom come," will not fall dead from our lips, and our preaching and teaching will •be clothed Divine.—" with a power that all shall confess to be Divine Life. 