THE OPENING OF THE UNI- VERSITY FOR EVENING LEC- TURES. , It has been suggested, that the time' has fully come, when tho influence of the University .could be/more beneficially., ex-.c, tended. Hitherto its usefulness has ibeen confined to those wlio had suffibierit/t'iirie at their command, and for whbm 'Provi- : derice bad already 'made, /ample prbyis'ibri for -their support. , / In a, word, it/ seemn; thati ./the, irjch : could, only, . be .benefitted, I >vhile>ithei.poor Avould . never'1 bei able ,to ; enter within its privileged enclosure. "If ' aningenupusyquth/mam a.talerif" for the acquisition of a greater/amount of knowledge tha,u , the.. public; school .could afford, or was anxious ito. becotne a mem ber, of one: of the learned professions, his; ; poverty! actually debarred :biiri,frbmvob- -: taining the object of his cherished- ambi ! tion. His parental environment could'/ not be surmoupted, arid - the; University1 showed no anxiety to put forth a helping ' j hand, and.come to his assistance. ' Here//! then, was a, dilemma., i.The, youth, of an 1 aspiring! disposition was desirous . to ad- ; vance himself in knowledge, and .climb the lofty eminence from which he could -: look/down upon his fellbws with inherorit' delight/ The University was' amply sup,- , plied with . teachers, and: > highly endo wed ; by the,fo8tering care of tho State, and so far as its .chief end was aimed i at, had; been almost- a complete abortion. , i n ril , Such a problem requires immediate1 solution; The attempt is to be made '1 ' forthwith ; and the question springs .'ujj, ! has the education of the University suc.- . ceeded elsewhere in reaching the . lower. , 1 orders of society ? Have all obtacles | been removed, and the main hind-- - . ranees, time and; money, ; been -ojvereome ? 1 Answers can at' once be returried frbm different quarters. -In-Germany arrange- 1 ments.are so perfect. that the, poorest in -the land cari enter inost' of the seats 'of lparning, and acquire sufiicientikno.vvedge , ;of the most interesting,,, as well as" tho.. / most abstruse subjects; A like statement < ' inay be put forth in respect to thereasy ;- acquisition of knowledge in the United/// States. The Federal Government idid/Z early use its power, when guided by far- seeing men, who laid its foundation upon sound materials ; but the liberality of ., the philanthropic and benevolent -have/ given a great impetus to the higher edu-/ ' cation.. . The .Cornell U niversity-is . so - 'Constituted,; thatjalniq3.t//eyery/branch-pf; ;kno wledge is-,taught,.aad ample -opportu nity is affqrd.ed?for, the, stu'leat. to work at spme manual labour,/ to' /assist ' him iu meeting his daily warits. Tliis! is a novelty ' in' University 'lite/, which Fas pot/hithertb ristablish'ed itself, but/ there5 it ' has" brieii '' emirieritly successful/ Iri England, 1 Owens' /' College, Manchester, was Ifourided' 1 'upon 1 / the principle that the claims 'of the! lower// 1 and poorer claisses might '6b'tairi\deqria't'e ' attention/ arid 'the higher education - Be ' 3 placed1 within their power.'1 King's Col-/1' lege, London, exists' for 'a; ! like/ piirp'ose.1 It/ has beeri ex1ceediriglyi8u'ceessful,J'andK7 ' numbers riave/ B'eeri enabled' to 'pl uck/the' ;1 '! matured; fruits, from ; the tree : of know- ' ledge, which /wero/eritireiy' without their reach Before the auihVr'ities' ef the 'college 11 ' cairie to 'their kiadly assistance!/ ' 1 / . ' 1 ; 'But the problem '!wai .solved ; tb/,tliy/" satisfaction of all "parties nearl y -a' ceriture '" ! ago by .the' action' o't' Drf Anderson, 'Pro-;-' feasor of Natural- Philosophy in/the" Uni-71 eify:ofrGlh'sgow;di7TUe''pro,seat:Kl8mic|ll>''- Mr." Stuart, acknowledged lately that within the walls of the1 Anderson Uni versity! he got his only taste of what the high'er education could affords Dr. Anderson, then, in pursuance of the duty imposed upon him, lectured at such a time and upon such a subject, as had been assigned to him by the public authorities. He,, at once recognised the fact, that wealth' alone could command what the "University was able to supply. Educa tion'1 so far was restricted, and he resolved to'oyercome whatever difficulty stood in the way. He knew well, that the Uni versity of which he waB a distinguished member was constituted by statute, and accordingly it could not be touched, except by. Act of Parliament. Here, then, he was: met at the outset, that assistance colild not be looked for in that quarter. Hd' tried to enlist his colleagues in the advanced views which he entertained, that the higher education might obtain a wider diffusion. He soon ascertained that he , was far in advance of his con temporaries. When every other resource failed him, he opened classes in the evening-, and secured rooms at his own expense. ' The experiment was a decided success. ' Knowledge hitherto pent up within the , sacred precincts of the Uni versity, was diffuse d through his individual effprt in; a i'chanuel small at first, which has s: at length increased into a mighty stream;1 . At his death he bequeathed the sum'1, of ' £60,000 to found a University which should bear his name. A few Chairs' were'formed at the beginning, and according as the demand arose, the supply was increased. The chief or primary object oft he Andersonion Institution has always been kept in view. The lectures and classes are invariably held after the busy hottrs'of 'labour are closed— that the' clerk relieved from' his desk,' the artisan "from his/ bench, and the aspiring i student from his manual calling may attend and qualify themselves for some loftier condition of life. The fees have been so. fixed; that any t number of' classes may be entered , and any number of prelictions attended; One 'fee covers the whole outlay, and it is a mere1 nominal sum. In this way , the , difficult problem was. , solved by , Dr.:- Anderson, , and, hisu igood., work " has been a. lasting: boon nto. multitudes of the aspiring- and ambitious youth of Glasgow.1 Now, a like' problem requires immediate attention1 in1 Sydney, and; its satisfactory solution' would:;:.be hailed wjth delight by many a kuqiyledgeUoving V student. '. . , He, has, it; may be, .already . tasted .ins the cool shades of, evening the; sweet fruits, , vy hich / gro.w upon the tree of knowledge, but his time : and means are'inadequatef forlthe; gratification - of obtaining additional' sup-" plyi' Gould riot '"the. Professors' t'oine'- down to' the level Of' the toiling ! artisans'.' of/every/ class ; and,, meet' them at. a time suitable to all concerned ? Could not the Ileadsjv.of the. Affiliated'. Colleges be , so - alli.ediin .this attempt that abundant work, might bei evolved; nvhich wouldfbe atileast sornd'equivjilent' for 'the " large sums dis- < bursed upon fch'erri by the/State. ' Accor'drag 1 to'1 the' a'dagb; where there is : a will there' is sbb'n .found a way. A movement has how been initiated by the, public; .will, the Sen- / ateresppndP, .Were all'connected directly, or.indirectly with the University to assist spontaneously those outside, who are: anxious to seek after knowledge and have not/the power1 or opportunity to attain it; such an. overwhelming force would be 'pro duced that success would be immediately' achieved. What educationists aim at in the. ..diffusion of knowledge would, be em-, bodied .in <a connected form, beginning : with - the primary school, and ; its super- 1 structure terminating at the University:' The same1! lectures1 could be repeated in the "'evening / / which had1 been , delivered duringthe' 'class-hours in the' class-room. Ajhall .sufficiently large could be secured, 8uch,l;a3j -the- High School, lately St. James', which would be very well adapted for-the purpose. ; The fee might be nomi- nal,:for the -Professors of the University and heads of the Affiliated Colleges are iff '"the "enjoyment of large salaries for which/no adequate return has as yet been1 made. -To .meet the wants of ingenuous youth, it .ought to be a labour of love, on- their part. " A man; who- is, i worthy: -of professorial approbation, would : willingly' embrace any occasion of alio wing his light to'-shine' 'forth arid scatter1 the1: prevalent'' thijBk ddrkn'ess1.'. yTHeyBpiridg.'yputh'myt'! not for. a moment irbagine that the acqui- Bi tibn , of, /learning is any easy /task. As / Aristotle : said to. his; pupil, Alexander Bon'jiof nPhilip;' King, of Mncedon,! that; there-is no royal road ito knowledge must: still be ; admitted. This truth even- now can riot for a momen t be called in question. If <fche Senate agrees to permit lectures at such 'rime, and for suOh fee as the poorest; may; command, then these must buckle on their armour and be prepared to be more than conquerors in the arduous struggle which shall inevitably arise. Palmami qui meruit fergt. ' The Chariots of Pharaoh.— There has been -organized at Paris; under the direction of the learned Abbe Moigno, the founder of the Cosmo, a society having for ita object the dragging of the bottom of the Bed Sea and the Bitter Lakes to find the chariots and treasures Of the army of Pharaoh, supposed to be at the bottom of these waters covered by saline deposits. A sum of 750,000 francs has been subscribed for the expense. Divers will search the Red Sea and the Bitter Lakes to discover the arms, the armour, and the precious! stones that were in possession of the Egyptians when they were cngulphed. Awful effect of tlie Erup tions in tbe Straits of SUnda. — Captain Mainn, of the R.M.S. Roma, reports that the Dutch Government sent three gun-: boats to the Straits of Sunda to warn ships.1 Only for the gunboats warning, the Roma would 'have gone ashore where there,, were twenty fathoms of water before the earth quake. All the land marks had disappeared,; and the Straits were covered with pumice, i which choked the feeding pumps and boiler, so that the vessel had to bo hove to for hours to clean them. The tidal wave was 100 feet high, and sweptdarge merchant vessels and a Government steamer over three miles inland, but the crews are supposed to be safe. The loss of -life- is estimated; at 75,000,; and the; Roma passed several dead bodiesin the water.- The town of Anger was totally destroyed "by, the wave and eruptions; and much /damage was don'e to other townships, largeirocks arid: debris being thrown: on to the houses: "'The - Beezee ' Channel, the usnal route through . the- Straits, is completely blocked up, and the, Dutch man-of- war took the Roma 40 miles-' round the coast. < The island' of Krakatoa is completely altered, and all the luxuriant tro pical vegetation has utterly disappeared. Uix--, teen volcanoes have appeared between! where I Krakatoa was and Sibesie.' The : island of ; Soengopan has been split into five; the resi dency of Bantam is an aShy desert ; -cattle are foodless,- and famino iinminent, the popu-i- lation starving and: in - despair. For tlie : greater part; of two days there was complete- darkness at Batavia. , Can any - picture be; more awful I?,-; ;ii!/> '?= /i/:-:- d -.jn.. A: Freethinker in Trouble. -In- Tuesday's Herald', Mr; George -.Lacy- raises a cbmplaint!against-a Tramway Guard. It appears'that ho entered -the Newtown tram': without /irs procuring avticket.-./As the guard-- asked'him for. his. 'ticket, - he put on :hiB own .- showing a five Shilling piece iinto his hand, that- being the : smallest coin' he said1 that;he bad -at! the .time. In about; a 'quarter of an- houri the guard returned, and-thenrti rudely ' thrust intqjhis<:harid:>angreat bandful-.of 'copr pers," giving nearly the whole change in pence; andihalf-pence;"n whilst1 a; quantity of .silver-. waBoseon by G;! ,Lacy r ini' his; -bag. Qn the ' latter remonstrating witkithe guard, he. said roughly, " Get tickets then." r . Now, the ; complainant ought sto have been aware; that- i it , was (Ms\ ditty, \ to\ have had,\his, ticket ready. \ Instead of that,; he. -expects ,'the , guard .to; go ; outside 'his; province: and oblige him; , , This - is; a fair.1 sample: of nwhat : the - community may, i expect : when Free /Thought; -gets the Fupper/- f hand. - The/- guard zin,-:future.. should,.- either; : hand1 .dveri those who have inot-tiekets to; the police to be-dealt i: with,: as! failing, to comply , ; with the-rule's of -the -servico, orjget; themto do /as rothersp who Miave -their;-: tickets ready! 1 when asked ; for.- ?:iTlie blame if -jany, -rests- withiG. Lacy,vand::not with the, guard. He i ought1: toubei thankful ii'that;! he escaped so ; ; easily; ahd(wa8 allowed Jto obtain; his handful, i of- coppers;! 'instead ; of; appearing , in (another ' place, when ihei-would 'havei-beenf-proseouted : as .the Tram way? Act directs. ,i ff Tlie Baronetcy Expected for W.R.Dalley The following paragraph ; appeared dast week in the Bulletin — : :SirDoubleeyoubedoe,Baronet. :> : Recommended by -Lord L. - / :(At this! there aro no growls);. : It's Hinted, though, that Dalley is - : . i Exceeding fond of fowls. . ; Another ; newspaper states . that a . number, of members, of the Legislative Assembly- and other, gentlemen have'signed a .requisition to \- the Colonial Secretary that the present Attorney General be recommended for a Baronetcy. In his speech at Newcastle on Monday.-night, Mr. Dalley; made an . allusionri to the. proposed ihonour. He' said "A- few days ago a foreign i journalP-<ft«'i Daily Telegraph— (which by; a i humourous caprice is published in;themetro-, polis)/alleged that! as. a reward for, any sor- ; vices, real on imaginary, a baronetey was to be obtained if or; me by.meansof what. was called, i a 'confidential:: despatch andlanf addresB; > signed tby distinguished citizens. Gentlemen, I think L may say 'that had i! any ambition : for. the kind of destinations which have been somewhat undiscriminately conferred of late,: I need, not have fatigued: myself in their pro-;; curement. But I have no such ambition., I i could not accept such destinctions under any \- conceivable : circumstances. My aspirations;. ! i are ;of! an altogether different character., -, I ii have no other ambition than to continue, to:be what:djhavealway8:-desired to be, u humbe » memberiof the community, giying:,whatever.; i poor services I can Qfferj to iuy country, and : feeling.!' abundantly l-rewarde'd()by)!thefIonly ' hqnourJwhich I hope/to , carry to the graye-f; the lovefof -my- countrymen;'! Tke Tax-Book of tlie Roman < P.eniteritiary.r-TheO London -, "Protes-l tant jfVjnes announces that an originalcopy'oti the Paris ; edition, of -,1545,!: has come into; \- Protestanti hands. -It-, isi- one, ;of - tbe1,, rarest hooks inrthe whole range,. of -literature, and. contains the. prices 'charged by, the Pope's for i absolution from all sortB of crimes and wicked nesses. It proves the villanies 'of the Papacy as no other book in existence can.' Reprints of it have been frequently made by Protes tants ; but we believe that we are right in saying that no other copy of the original edition mentioned is known to exist in Eng land. Tke Inquisition . — This infamous tribunal, which has tortured and burnt alive tens of thousands of Protestants, because they refused to submit to the wicked yoke of the Papacy,1 is still in existence, with the Pope at its head I ! Any one who will take the trouble to look into the Catholic Directory for 1883, published in London by the Roman Catholic firni, Burns and Oates, will therein find it named at the head of a list of "The Sacred Congregations,'' in the following terms : — " Inquisition, or Holy Office : for the examina tion -arid repression of heretical and- depraved doctrines and offences, etc." Truly the Church; of . Rome is " semper eade7h "—in cruelty, at-; all 1 events 1 She has never repented -of- the ' blood she has shed, of the countless, murders '8he'--ha8' committed. '" Drunken with , ;the blood .of the saints, and with the blood of the, martyrs of Jesus, " -is her character, as written by St;, John, under the inspiration of God the. Holy Ghost (Rev. xvii. 6.) The Higher Education in Europe.— -In Norway, one of the poorest and m'o8t ' sparsely-populated countries in the wofldj'with a population under two millions; ' there - are 9000 students at the Uni versity:.-. . In 'Swe'deny -with "a population of eight millions/ there, -are 15', 000 students :at - the University. , In 'German, with 40,000,000iof,.aipopulationj- Lhere'afo tliis yearOO students at the'Char-, tered Universities., In England;- with a popula- : tioniofnearlyrtwenty-fiveirniliions, "and -four; universitiesj there, are' only ;4000 (persons' awho liavie matriculated;: -'(In Scotland/which was a- ! very; small land /poor .country, :with a 'popula- \- tion of eight, and /three-quarter millions,, there ; were stiidents to , the > number, of ' 6G00, who had - matriculated. -; jln that, countryj. ,, which ; possessed greater facilities" for connecting tho, ; common .schools with tho ' universities., there were eight, times as; many matrioulatcd -stu-. 'dents as- in the- richer-'country -of England. But; what:can-.be:8'aid of the University, of- this' colony ? ,iThere is ? a population a little .over three-quarters of a million, how many students from this number are matriculated this, year ?" 'The, University and. the three Affiliated, Col-. . leges draw yearly large sums of i money from the -public, treasury," and what does the State , receive in return in the form of .higher edu- cation ? - ' : : : Ireland tlie best Educated Country under Heaven ! !— The Romish : Universe affirms1 that amongst things., not generally known is- the fact, that Ireland, ; as regards ' education is ahead of all other, nations." It states' ".that the , Bureau of , Edu-;: cation in the United States has receiitly, issued, a circular, in; which are. given -comparative statistics of (elementary, secondary, and -supe- , . rior; education in sixty of the (principle coun tries ;of-i the- world.1 1 .Ireland heads: the / list ! with twenty per cent, of her population. (Can , ? this ibe; true ?).; / Next comes <the United States ! with : a per Xcentage - of ,- nineteen . and , -three- ; fifths of her, population.- "Afterwards; came Germany, Switzerland/ England, -.-Wales and ' Ru8sia.",' .;It i-tlien/ ..incidentally / 'adds,- " " it > would ; be, a;Useless:trouble to - adduce further proofs of .the pre-eminence , of Ireland in tho. : way of its education, t; Still, it! must indeed be ; a matter; of. surprise-to tho' outside-world that t Ireland, notwitiistanding ages of persecution,, . is .certainly! tojithe fore-ras th &!lsle"of\Saints", : and, the home ofj learning." - Now, '/if-, such, be ; the high place/which /education -holds in'<;Irqf'. land; the-worlcl-lins; liithertobeen unacquainted . : with suoh a remarkabre'ioifcumstaiice ! li, When , -the Rev. -John. Vaughanjjbrother.-of ithe,: late Dr. Vaughan, was in the: colony, -he-olaimed- :poverty as the birthright of an Irishman,; but, education (is, rnowlsubstituteds as- hispdowery. 'Hitherto the educated Irishman; ! must /jhaye; remained": inf his turf -hovel, amidBt . the/wilds . and: fastnesses1 of !hisnative'land,for:the;emi- grant, : whether in /the New. W orld or the Southern hemisphere', has almost been-aslittle. acquainted with letters as the originalnoccu-, pants of the soil. ; Tbe Orange Disturbances In Newry, — At Newry, a number of Orangey men were charged by the constabulary with taking part in the riots' on the 12th instant, and with assaulting them. The Orangemen brought cross summons for assault against : the police. After evidence, the' cases, were, ' allowed - to drop, the Orangemen agreeing to pay expenses. i - Tbe 1 Scot's Cburch, Mel bourne. — A telegram - appeared -in the; 1 Herald, on- Wednesday week that, the! Scot's , (Church congregation -was about. to recall from the '.'Presby terian ' Church of VHoland and .con-f riect itself with' . the Church !of Scotland. riThe; ! Scot's Church ihas.'al ways 'beeri-in, connection'1 with the Church of 'Scotland.-/: Inb 1846 fMr.-, ; Forbes ,'swa's -the lMihister/;and'he.agreed then to -. separate ; from (the Church' of . Scotland, -.aB- < did the , Rev; W. : M'lntyre of/ Sydney/ and-, others, -<and .connect themselves with ; the Free ( Church, -j -<Mr;',ForbeB was obliged to leave his ! church, and i John 'Knox's ; Church - was- built ! for ohimb and - those - who seceded ; with ,-him. Tho-Rev.-Mr.Hetherington, then of ; Singleton' in this colony, succeeded Mr. Forbes.' . He:was a busy; agent in forwarding the union of the- different branches of :Presbyteriani8m;in:,yic-i tofia. !> At ihisi., death -his successor - wasp the- Rev. Mr. Strong, I who has: caused, so,: much- turmoil during -the :last; , few, years. . The. I church/in i-Collins-street isiboundj to/remain- in ifconnection with vthe -Presbyterian Churcii s and it will be ascertained, when "the General Assembly,; /meets/iiri . 'November, whether 2a : individual congregation ;.cant separate/' onr its 1 own motion'from the'uriited body witlii which it spontaneously and of ita own free will con- ' nected itself. . ,The rights of property are not . so easily set aside, as these are firmly secured by Act of the Colonial Assembly. ' 1 Association for tbe Defence n , of Cbristianity. — A public meeting of ; all who aro interested in the Anti-Freethought'. movement is to be hold in tho Protestant Hall'.'; on Monday next, at 8 p.m. It is desirable,' that a largo number of people should erir'= deavour to be present. The enemies of tho ' truth aro always ready to embrace every opportunity of making their attacks upon the , Christian belief. Their purpose is to under- / mine the faith of some, and create doubt in j the minds of others. The mean's, which/Pro- , vidence has bestowed, upon tliem, is lavishly, given to extend and .perpetuate thqir evil p. designs. ; They 7 have , not , ;only. ayowe'd and j acknowledged, lecturer's, whom they 'patronise J... but any stroliirig adnmry-afinBtOhnsan!." is cordially welcomed, and ilio opportunity, is v iioed/ioejexibsiqn. of his banef ul ' and/j pestiferous' opinions; r ' HenceJ tlie / necessity. r"J has. arisen for tho. /existence of such am AWq)- ' "eiationj as that of. the defence ot the/Christian- , , \- ity, and /the duty, is.impb'/uppn..all/)»;if/tr) theuiselyes strenuously, in its/behalf, / A /qum/j ber of well-known gentlemen will address ,t|ie , . : meeting, ; and adyooato. its , .claims upon." the' support and/sympathy of the/Ohristian/puBlic. . , 