THE LONG-RANGED ROARER. About the year 1851 the most influential man in San Antonio was au alleged desperado named Bob Augustine. Bob caine to San Antonio with a fearful record. He enjoyed the reputation of having killed a dozen or 60 of men, and was respected ac- cordingly. While lie was in San Antonio he did reduce the census at all, but that was not his fault. lie had a seductive w~ay of drawing his eighteen-inch Arkansas toothpick, and examining it critically with a sinister smile, while humbly requestiug tho temporary loan of odol. Thus it was that Bob went about acquiring wealth and warm personal friends, but creating no funerals. There were rumours that Bob was playing bluff, but that was after he bad marched away It was during the regiu of Bob Augustine, "the long-ranged Roarer of the Calaveras Canou," as he familiary called himself, that a j 7 oung man from Boston named John Winthrop, came to San Antonio, persumably in search of health, as he brought very little with him. Ho was far gone in consumption, and nothing but the fact that he bad but a short time to live, unless the cliuiato of Western Texas saved him, induced him to come to San Antonio. As everybody carried .1 pistol, Winthrop did not care to insult public decency by going unarmed. Besides, such a course might as seriously interfere with his restoration to health as putting on a clean shirt His Puritan training caused him to revolt at the idea of carrying firearms, so he resorted to artifice. He wore a holster, but instead of keeping a pistol in it, he had his cash funds stored away in it, and nobody was tho wiser for it On the contary, Winthrop was looked up to by the best citzens just the same as if lie was loaded down with deadly weapons. Of course everybody tried to make the stranger from -Massachusetts feel as comfortable as if he was at home : so he was told all about Bob Augustine, the longranged Roarer, at least ten times a day and he was advised not to be particular in asking security for the debt in case Roarer wanted to borrow a small loan, unless lie, Winthrop, did not wish to regain his health. A6 might have been expected, the longranged Roarer called on Winthrop to collect his usual assessments on strangers. Winthrop was of the opinion that if it wovld save his life and loose all his money he would be doing unusually well. The longranged Roarer's idea was to chase the blue-bellied Yankee around the room for a time or so, collect 5doI or lOdol, and perhaps make some ear-marks, a la Whittaker, so ho would know him in a crowd if he should meet him again. The long-ranged Roarer sauntered into Wintlirop's room at the hotel, but before the desperado could open his mouth or drawn a weapon the unfortunate Yankee threw back his coat, and with trembling fingers tugged at his pistol holster to get at his money to appease the would-be assassin. On the other hand, as 600n as the Roarer saw Winthrop trying to get out his pistol he turned as pilo as a ghost. The alleged desperado's kmes knockel together, the cold sweat boiled out all over him, and he extended his hand and said, tremblingly: " Don't draw, good Mr. Yankee! I was only trying to fool you. My bold Arkan- 6aw heart beats for you, my boy. I jest wanted to teach you a lesson. Never let any darned galloot get the drop on you. If anybody insult6 you, jest tell them that Bob Augustine, the Roarer, is your friend. Winthrop, who was more scared, if possible, than the Roarer, replied : "O, I'll give you want," and kept on tugging at the holster, which came unbuckled. With a yell of dismay the desperado passed out through the window, carrying off the sash, and ran down Commodorestreet, the principal thoroughfare, with the sash on his neck, howliug, " Police, police!" closley pursued by Winthrop, who kept on tugging at his holster, trying to get out his money, he believing that the desperado was running to his room to procure a shotgun with which to commit murder. All that afternoon Winthrop kept on hunting the Roarer to purchase peace on any terms, and the Roarer had himself to avoid the pistol of the Boston man. Next morning the long-ranged Roarer of the Calavera6 Canon waB missing and Winthrop was the lion of the day for having run off the terror of the Alauio City. 