MRS. CARLYLE. (Daily News.) The mere abundance of the various books of the same kind which have been issued since Carlyle's death must of necessity make remarks of the general critical and moralising kind on the " Letters and Memorials of Jane Welsh Carlyle" which Mr. Froude has just published in three volumes (Longman and Co.), superfluous, unless they are cut down to the irreducible minimum. All this biographical matter (now amounting, taking one thing with another, to some half score of volumes, and not yet finished will one day need a biographer of a very different order from Dr. Froude to put it in its final shape before the world, and no competent judge will try to stir up from imperfect and ill- digested evidence presented by an incompetent and injudicious counsel. If this last phrase seems harsh it must be remembered that these volumes, and others like them, even supposing that they make no difference in the estimate of Carlyle entertained by those who judge a man of letters first of all, if not last of all also, by his literary work, contain but little that such persons would not willingly have waited for until time had prevented the danger of their offending others. Mr. Froude has therefore close his friend harm in the sight of some, without discharging any necessary duty, and has come perilously near to the suspicion of hurrying the publication of these books in the hope of catching, not a real literary success, but a success of scandal. After the protest of Mr. Carlyle's niece, no excuse can be given for the issue of volume after volume tend- ing to exacerbated the indignation aroused by the display of Carlyle's unhappy and self-centred nature, unless it be an overweening confidence in the editor's own judgment. Mr. Froude, therefore, we may briefly dismiss to whatever purgatory may await false, though possibly not well-meaning, friends. As for the total impression of the volumes, it is easy to rise from them with an exaggerated sympathy for Mrs. Carlyle ; impossible to do so with one wholly misplaced. Some of the wilder charges which it has rendered possible against Carlyle, such as Miss Jewsbury's statement that he would not allow his wife to visit anywhere but at the Grange (Lady Ashburton, who seems to have exercised over Carlyle the same strange influence, not altogether favourable to domestic peace, which she had over other great con tem normal tenor letters) the be fixed in the book itself, in the case mentioned, by the dates of scores of letters here punted It is certain that Girls It is a very riding husband, that his wife was not altogether to be envied who is altogether to be envied? The most valuable of all the great men of letters of England, 1 min himself notoriously indulgent to his wife, show is very far born in ideal helpmate to him, w vote seven by y years ago of " the difficulty which a woman must experience who his to be the apparently causeless fluctuation of Spirits incident to one doomed to labour incessantly in the feverish exercise of her nature so woman probably ever had more of this difficulty this Alis Little, and certainly none grappled with it more heroically Her loss is your gun It is quite a bit to be gi useful to him, but is it quite light to be merely in digiHtit with him? We have got the " French Revolution md the "Cromwell, the "Latter-day Pamphlets md the Frederick Is there not something a little hypocritical is well is generous in cry ring out against the cost at which they were produced ? These volumes consist of letters of Ali, Carlyle, extending from her removal to London until her death, connected b> notes and water mixed airline of Cn he s own peculiar kind The tell of this intermixed mitten m acid ports nts is considerable, but impossible to reproduce except it inordinate length Much of it will still find that under those who have been received already , much delight those who are less given to take sides But it is Mrs Carlyle who must be our heroine now Her. dialogue The Watch and the Bud, much and not undeservedly praised by Sterling, is given here, also the miscellaneous an utter The chest letters speak of the settlement in Chelsea, and the mostly written to Cr he s mother The following even yet inn show the usefulness of this brilliant woman There are many others, it best dealing i rather indistinctly with the slovenliness of the Leigh limit household, but in this there is no evil spoken of the neighbour 1 he w leather is grown horribly cold and am clued) intent at present on getting in) winter wardrobe into order I have made up the old black gown which was used I use for mc at Dumfries-with my) own hands it looks 20 per cent better than when it was now and I shall get no other this winter I am now the ning my pelisse I went yesterday to a milliner's to buy a bonnet, an old scruff, lad) upwards of 70 I am sure was bntgaiiiuiD about a cloak at the same place, it is is a line affair of s still and a cover, but she declared repeatedly) that it had no au and for her part she could not put on such a thing Al) Former I flatter myself has an air , a little brown leather nods over the ft out of it and the crown points like a sugar-loaf The diameter of the fashionable ladies at present is about the do yards, then bustles (false bottoms) are the sure of an ordinary sheens fleece The vol) servant pris w on bustles, 1 hza Miles told me a niuU of theirs went out one Sunday with three kitchen dusters pinned on as a substitute The memorable death bed incident of the two wax candles given in the "Remains series, and reputed here, until they say gests itself, but it is important to remember that there is little ground for clinging Cathie with enforcing pressmen on his wife He Scotch " Wattie was is great is his, different its had been then publish seem d conditions After much talk of house matters dwelling in the shadow of clear women, are, thus comes this delightful account of one of Leigh Hunt's And unions, which it is impossible not to quote He had met the lady it Alis Cnihlts, been rejoiced athol fltttu},aud asked the whole party to tea \- came on purpose, and slept there He (Leigh Hunt) an? talked like a pen answer to- woodland shall in like nectar while my mother looked a loss enough, and I had to listen to the whispered confidences of Mia limit Hut for mc, who was declared to be M on a ' (white oil as and called), I believe they would have communicated their mutual experiences in n lined window sent till morn m" God bless you Miss-,' was n i cated by Hunt tin is seve in times in tones of ever increasing a attics and tender ness, as he named his dog listen s 1 behind mc -, for once in her life seemed last writes At the bottom of the stairs a dinner took place I saw nothing but I stayed with my wife I grenness what think jones course (of his home since! s and then an almost inaudible) soft ' God bless you Miss l\ow, just u me mix i what sort of looking woman is-, and filling their a male lion ' If he had kissed me, it would have in no intelligible, but-of all people ! 1 his, the first so addressed in the in hare, is written to Cable himself, who had gone to Scotland after bustling with the trouble "final round' of the French Revolution I to sea in letters to her husband are delightful, full of brilliance Italian ports of all sorts, audaciously charitable Mew s of linen coat, and his idea of anecdote he lied in the blight fashion of which she had the hi or at all lit i dies How when he eating house in a state of dist) action, and in the company of an awkward Scotch HCivaut, she met him in the lobby with a goblet of the best hear, how she um m hut foot in one of the kitchen expuimuulH,' how Mrs Union was good i Hough to a mark that the Apostle Paul! was a man of just, how Matinee whenever he offered to help with the kettle ' invariably! poured the contents either into the sugnr'ior'into the milk, and how [Sir] Henry Taylor had withdrawn into the upper regions of gigmanity"-this is a summary of only a few notable things in about half-a-score of pages, and may serve to show how impossible such a summary would be if carried through. The fact is that Mrs. Carlyle is always (what Peacock altogether calumnious said Scott never was) 'quotable. Here, for instance, is a little legend of Macready : We had old Sterling, Mr. and Mrs. von Cohen, Mr. and Mrs. Macready, John Carlyle, and William Cunningham. Geraldine professed to be mightily taken with Mrs. Macready, not so much so with " William." Poor dear William I never thought him more interesting, however. To see a man, who is exhibiting himself every night on a stage, blushing like a young girl in a private room, is a beautiful phenomenon for me. His wife whispered into my car, as we sat on the sofa together, "Do you know, poor William is in a perfect agony to-day at having been brought here in that great-coat? It is a stage great-coat, but was only worn by him twice ; the piece it was made for did not succeed, but it was such an expensive coat I would not let him give it away and doesn't he look well in it I wish Jeannie had seen him in the coat-magnificent fur neck and sleeves, and such frogs on the front. He did look well, but so heartily ashamed of himself. Here again is a vivid account of one of the hopeless attempts to secure a perfectly quiet working room, which cost Carlyle much misery and his wife perhaps more : Up went all the carpets which my own hands had nailed down, in rushed the troop of incar- nate demons, bricklayers, joiners, whitewashing, c, whose noise and dirt and dawdling had so lately driven me to despair. Down went a partition in one room, up went a new chimney in another. Helen, instead of exerting herself to stave the torrent of confusion, seemed to be struck (no wonder) with temporary idiotcy; and my husband himself, at sight of the uproar he had raised, was all but wringing his hands and tearing his hair, like the German wizard servant who has learnt magic enough to make the broomstick carry water for him, but had not the counter spell to stop it. Myself could have sat down and cried, so little strength or spirit I had left to front the pressure of my circumstances. But crying makes no way ; so I went about sweeping and dusting as an example to Helen and held my peace as an example to my husband, who verily, as Mazzini says of him, "loves silence somewhat laconically." It was got through in the end, this new hubbub ยก but when my husband proceeded to occupy his new study, he found that devil a bit he could write in it any more than beside the piano ; " it was all so strange to him !" The fact is, the thing he has got to write his long projected life of Cromwell-is no joke, and no sort of room can make it easy, and he has been ever since shifting about in the saddest way from one room to another, like a sort of domestic wandering Jew. He has now a fair chance, however, of getting a settlement effected in the original library, the young lady next door having promised to abstain religiously from playing till 2 o'clock, when the worst of his day's work is over. Generous young lady ! But it must be confessed the seductive letter he wrote to her the other day was enough to have gained the heart of a stone. Alas ! one can make fun of all this on paper, but in practice it is anything but fun, I can assure you. There is no help for it, however a man cannot hold his genius as a sinecure. Of her difficulties with intrusive Yankees (whom she found comfortably installed at her husband's desk and reading his papers, and who greeted her, "Oh, you're Mrs Carlyle, are you?) of her rescuing of lost children, and so forth, we can take nothing but bare notice, 1101 any more of the acute criticisms often little more flattering than her husband's, but generally less one sided and bilious, which she go 63 of many famous men, notably Mazzini and D'Orsay Here, however is a bl ask passage of arms between her and her uncle on a subject in which her practice was sadly lax going to church She was staying at Lu ci pool 27th July, 1916 They are all one to church and I am here alone, enjoying nature's (Roman Nature's) own reward My uncle at the last minute came to me in the room where I had fortified myself (morally), and asked with a certain enthusiasm, "Are you not going to church' "No, I have not thought of it "And why not " (crescendo ) " Because your laughter is a i anting jackass, that blacks the charm of one's cars " "Who told you that'" (stamping like my grandfather ) " I do not choose to compromise anyone by naming my authority " "And what has that to do with going to a place of worship' ' "Nothing what ever, but it has a great deal to do with staying away from a place that is not of worship " He looked at me over his spectacles for an instant as if doubtful whether to cut me law 01 laugh and "eventually, thank God I" he chose the but too pint The girls, who came in fear and trembling to pick up my fragments, were astonished to find that I had carried the day. We get on famously, my uncle and I, and by dint of defiance, tempered with kisses, 1 can manage him better than anyone else does. This may be followed by a wonderful story of M.I/.Z1111 - He told me nothing w o th recording, except that he had received the other day a declara- tion of love. And this he told me with the same time and historical precision with which you might have said you had received an mu- tation to take the man at a mechanics' institute dinner. Of course I asked " the particu- lars Why not and I got them fully at the same time with brevity, and without a smile. Since the assassination affair he had attended many imitations to the house of a Jew merchant of Italian extraction, where there are several daughters what shall I say horribly ugly that is, it pugnan t for mc entirely." One of them is nevertheless very strong in music," and seeing that he admitd her playing, she had " in her head confounded the playing with the prayer." The last of the only two times he had availed himself of their attentions, as they sat at supper with Browning and some others, the youngest of the hoiublefamily" proposed to him, in sotto voce, that they two should do ink " a goblet of w ino" together, each to the reason that each loved most in the world "I Illili your toast UMyout," said he, "and I accept it with pleasure." "But," said she, when we have drunk, we will then tell each other to whom 1" " Excuse me," said he, " we will, if you please, dark without conditions." Whereupon they (Thank ; "and then this girl what shall I say' hold, upon my honour pro- posed to tell me to whom she had di milk. and trust to my telling her after." " As you like." "Well, then, it was to your" "Really'" said I, say pa used, I must confess. " Yes," said she, pointing aloft ; "true as God exists." "Well," said I, I find it strange." "Now, then said she, to whom did you drink "Ah I" said I, " that is another question ," and on this that girl became ghastly pale, so that her sister called out, "Nina' what is the matter with you and now, thank God, she has sailed to Aberdeen, Her experience of mesmerism is also weathering, and singularly instinctive - And now comes the strangest part of my story. The man who i garden Cal 14 15 and mo us Philistines said. "Now are you convinced?" "Yes, said Carlyle; there is no possibility of doubting but that you have Htitfcncd all poor little Miss Horse then into something' very awful." " Yes," said I pertly, but then she wished to be magnetised ; what I doubt is what lies mi) one could be reduced to that state without the consult of their own volition. I should like, for instance, to see anyone imagine- use it." "You think I could not, said the mail, with a look of ineffable disdain "Yes," said I, "I defy you" Will you give me your hand, Miss T Oh, by all means," and I gave him my hand, with the most perfect confidence in my force of volition and a smile of contempt, The hold it in one of his, and with the other endowment But not Mut tin-can calls some " passes "over it, as if he wore dinting something from his finger ends. I looked him defiantly at (his fate, its mining to say), "You must learn to sound your h's, had, be fore you can produce any effect on a worn in like me. And whilst this or some similar thought was passing through) head, Hash Mumu wont mu motion head to foot something precisely like what I onto o\ point lead from taking hold of a gas unit bull, on!) not near) so colony I had presence of mind to keep looking him in the face, as if I had felt nothing and pi sent!) The Hung away my hand with a provoked look, saying, "I believe you would be very difficult subject; ' ' --, V V" .? >*s S, I- f -- s but nevertheless, if I had time given me, I am sure I could; mesmerise you at least, I never failed with anyone as yet." One of the most remarkable things in the book-more confirmatory, indeed, of Ster- ling's estimate of her literary power than "The Witch and the Sirdar's the curious narrative of her solitary visit to Paddington in 1849, It is far too long to quote, indeed it extends to many pages, but it is one of the best records extant of the sensation known to everybody of " feeling like one's own ghost." As a contrast to this here is a brief but spirited protest, which shows that the unreasonableness natural to the male creature (except to a few who get no thanks for the want of it), and most natural to Carlyle, was not always deferred to 5 Cheyne-row, Chelsea, Wednesday, 18th September, 1856. " If the buttons be here on Wednesday they will be in abundant time." I should think they would and " don't you wish you may get them ?" Why, how on earth could I have them there on Wednesday, unless, indeed, I had immediately last night, after reading your letter and swallowing my tea, dashed off in an omnibus to Regent-street, by dark and then, having bought perhaps yellow buttons for drab ones, posted them before my return to Chelsea? One is capable of such acts of devotion to save a man's life, or even his watch !" But merely to expedite his buttons ? hardly ! About this time we get into the melancholy stage. Carlyle's health was no better, and his wife's, worn down by twenty years of extraordinary effort, was much worse. She says once to him, in one of her saddest letters, with an allusion to the famous Meudon tannery passage in the French Revolution, "They could not make ball gloves of our skins, dear, never to dream of breeches." But the letters are not in the least wanting in affection ; quite the contrary ; neither is the writer's sense of the ludicrous by any means abated. The following passage, written when she was staying at the Grange, ought to make anyone cry who is that way given. I have put a lucifer to my bedroom fire, dear and sat down to write, but I feel more disposed to lay my head on the table and cry. By this time I suppose you are at home ; returned after a two months' absence, arrived off a long journey and I not there ! nobody there but a stranger servant, who will need to be told everything you want of her, and a mercy if she can do it even then. The comfort which offers itself under this last innovation in our life together (for it is the first time in all the twenty years I have lived beside you that you ever arrived at a home and I away) is the greatest part of the grievance for my irrational mind. I am not consoled, but " aggravated " by reflecting that in point of fact you will E refer finding V perfect solitude " in your own house, and that if I were to do as nature prompts me to do, and start off home by the next train, I should take more from your comfort on one side than I should add to it on another, besides being- considered here as beyond measure ridiculous. Certainly, this is the best school that the like of me was ever put to for getting cured of every particle of ''the finer sensibilities." \- Mrs. was in London yesterday and saw my maid on business of her own, and brought back word from her that you were coming last night; and the shouts of laughter, and cutting " wits," with which my startled look and ex- clamation, " Oh, gracious ! " were visited when the news was told me as we sat down to dinner, were enough to terrify one from showing feeling" for twelve months to come. Mrs. -shan't snub me, however I am quite as clever as she any day of the year, and am bound to her by no ties, human or divine. And so I showed her so plainly that I was displeased with her impertinent resting at my expense, that she made me an apology in the course of the evening. But the sketch of Thackeray's victorious ousting of- somebody else (whose feelings Mr. Froude has spared by a dash from the post of chief cavalier to Lady Ashburton, and the subsequent description, the genuine original of Blanche Amory, are as lightly touched as ever, if perhaps a little more sharply. Then painters, builders, thieves (she slept well loaded and cocked pistols by her bedside in one of her solitary sojourns in Cheyne road, and nearly shot a policeman), and other curses of existence follow, while Carlyle gets deeper and deeper in the valley of the shadow of Friedrich, the worst of his many valleys. Unluckily, Friedrich was not the worst of it- " Foolish Diderot ! scarcely pardonable Diderot !" had Carlyle remarked years before of the philandering more serious morally, but more excusable circumstan- stantially, of the encyclopedias. It is but too certain, from the entries here given from Mrs. Carlyle's journal, that she was deeply wounded by his frequent visitation of Lady Ashburton. The subject is not a pleasant one. It does not appear that Carlyle himself was more than negatively to blame, that is to say, he did not see that he was making his wife unhappy by things which, as even her staunch champion Miss Jewsbury admits, would have made any other wife laugh." But still these pages of the journal are rather hideous ; even her letters to her husband are acidulated, though she is still able to write like this Your letter of yesterday arriving at the same time with one from my aunt Ann (away in Dumfriesshire) to Grace, just as we were going to breakfast, threw us into such a little flutter of excitement that we all fell quite unconsciously into sin. I was reading my letter, and had taken a sip or two of tea and bitten into my sea-shore, and the others had done the same, when Grace suddenly shrieked out like a land," "Mercy! we have forgotten the blessing I" I started on my chair, and to such a pitch of compliance with " custom in part have I already reached) dropped instinctively the morsel out of my mouth into my hand, that I should see what steps were to be taken for making our peace. But the case was judged past remedy, and the breakfast allowed to proceed unblessed. After a time, too, the upper powers took care of her, and the immediate cause of annoyance was removed, though the ill health and the horror of being " keeper to a man of genius" remained. The merri- ment is mostly out of the letters by the third volume, though the wit is not, as the single description of "Deorbrook" as a book in which people seemed to have come into the world in order to eat breakfast, in every possible variety of temper." will show. It is impossible to conceive what object Mr. Froude can have had in reprinting an unlucky epistolary squabble between husband and wife about a visit of hers to Alderley, which came to an unnecessary end owing to a misunderstanding. It is very painful ; it might have happened in the case of the most united conjugal couple in the world, and it is, except for its painfulness, entirely unimportant, Surely life is made miserable enough in fact by misunderstandings without their being raked up in a ghostly and posthumous condition for the ghoulish enjoyment of the vulgar 1 Moreover, it is impossible not to feel that there is something in one of Carlyle's own despairing footnotes, "How little did I over loves these secret wishes." The short letters, written in the worst of Mrs. Carlyle's illness after her accident in 1803, are again hideous enough and more than ever there seems to be no possible reason for publishing them, for they are simple cries of physical agony, with which Carlyle himself had nothing to do, and for which he was not in the least to blame. Perhaps as much cannot be said for the subsequent letters till the end came, because, though there was no unkindness on his entry, there was certainly thoughtlessness. Indeed, nearly the whole of the third volume is covered with the blackness of darkness parted only by flashes of Mr Carlyle's unfailing brilliancy. In all the interminable Colenso controversy when was anything said equal to this "The absurdity of a man making arithmetical onslaughts on the Pentateuch with a bishop's little black silk apron on !" Of the degree of the interest of these volumes, whatever may be thought of its character, there is no question. Probably no two persons will close them in quite the same frame of mind. For our part, we are half inclined to propose that the three and thirty volumes be- henceforth labelled " The Works of Jane Welsh Carlyle, written by Thomas Carlyle." As for himself, there is no reflection milder than the above sentence on Diderot possible to the mildest judge. As for Mr. Froude, we drop the " foolish" and the "scarcely," and say unpardon- able, Mr. Froude" simpliciter. 