FARMERS' ASSOCIATION. Centra 1. Committkr. The executive body of the F-»rni?rs' Asso ciation held their monthly meeting in the court- room of the Gladstone Institute on Saturday, April 2S. There were present the following committeemen :— Crjs1:*! Brook, Mr. Binney ; Appila-Yarrowie, Mr. Hirsch ; Orrorco, Mr. Copley; Caltowie, Mr. Kerr; Merriton, the general secretary, Mr. Kelly. The president (Mr. John Milier) presided, and in opening the meeting stated that he was inclined to think that all the new members of the central committee had not been informed of thtir appointment, seeing that they hid not been present either last month or at the meeting that day. He was glad to see Mr. Kerr from Caltowie, and they would en deavor to communicate with other new mani bers, although he hoped the members would not expect too much of the honorary officers. Respecting the financial busi ness of the association he might state that the books and papers were undergoing examination, and a. progress report would be presented that afternoon. Two cheques drawn for amounts due had been found among the papers, but not paid. Resolved — That fresh cheques be drawn and the ac counts paid. Accounts from the Adelaide Advertiser and Northern Arf/us, for advertis ing annual meetings and seed wheat sub scription were ordered to be paid, aad it was decided to advertise in the daUie3 that no accounts against the seed wheat fund would be acknowledged unless1 rendered by May ^0. The secretary produced an account from Walsh & Co., of Georgetown, for print ing. The amount was £9 17s. The president explained that the late secretary had agreed that his salary should cover thaco3t of print- j ing done in Georgetown. He hai no authority to get the printing done. Tke branched had ? 'frequently complained of the-cost of printing, aid the late secretary had said' in response feat thtre would be'no charge for what he had done. An account Tfor £L 9s. Gi. for stationery for the secretary was allowed. Correspondence was read as follows:— From the Mount Rat branch, enclosing two receipts from Mugg for £3 5s. each, only one of which bad been accounted for. Also advhing that two or three subscription-lists for the seed wheat fund should be sent to each branch. The secretary reported that this had been done. Mr. Bond, of Port Augusta, wrote, stating that he had forw*rded two amounts to Mugg in aid of seed wheat fund : on February 23, 1SS2, £70, and Miy 15, £0 13s., and for the latter amount he had no vousher. The secretary stated that it appeared from Mugg's private memoranda that he had re ceived both sums, but only the fir3t had been acDtunted for. From the Hawker branch, that they had sent Mugg £2 ISs. Gl. for levies, on October I). From Kilfeerran branch, reporting having forwarded £3 ')j. in August 1SS2. From Whitwarfca branch, that they had paid £3 103. special donation to the funds of tbe association to the late secretary. From F. Bohmsack, that the ordinary payments for 1SS2 had been £2 13s. From Beautiful Valley branch, that they had paid £7 at the recent delegates meeting in Adelaide, and held Mugg'a re ceipt for same. From Orroroo branch, asking for information respecting the financial posi tion of ths association, as a motion wn before the branch to raise the subscriotioa ta 15i., so aa lo assist in clearing off the present liability. The secretary stated that he had replied to the effect that they hoped if the e xisiiDg levies were promptly paid they woald be sufficient. The progress report on the auditing of the accounts was here given by the president. The bo^ks and papere did not afford sufficient data for a full audit. la consequence of this it was decided to send out to each branch a full account o£ tlie ainouEts they were credited with in the books of the association for ths lajc t^o years, and to asli them to correct tho san: according to the remittances thpy hat tnilo, ard to return them by tae next, mesiini; or the central committee. It wo-ild bi imju sible unless this were done to effect a uropjr audit cf the account?. From i-he Itsrihill brsnch, suggesting that thec?nf.ral«f):M ni.tr.ro. should send a circulai' to those ?v^o had surrendered and resclccUd at L'LOi. i« 1 , asL- j icg for a donation to the f 11 ads ot toe a^ ) ^ia- j tiorj. Also that squatters shoulj nos be I disturbed in their holdings tili tho oxr-ir^i.i---u I cf their Iease3. Land already surveyed to be ? sold in -2.000-acre blocks, aud 5,003 ajre '?? blocks let on lease for graz'u?. The sacretiry j was instructed to reply to the titect that the j latter was already the policy of the associa tion. The Yarrowie branch, forwarded ths following minute :— ' That this meetins i3 of opinion that the remarks made, by Sir Henry Ajers at a late dinoer at Gawler, having reference to the association, are incorrect and lUiSiraaiDg, ana eaicui&tea; ro a&aisge; cub asso ciation with the public; andalso that the presi dent cugh tto have taken measures to contradict the same on his own behalf, and also the association.' The President said that he had already privately called Sir Henry Ayers's ! attention to the discrepancies ia his speech, | and Sir Henry had said that he would have I an opportunity within a fortnight or_ three j weeks of publicly correcting them, which he ; would do with pleasure. He would again call j Sir Henry's attention to the matter. From I the Port Victoria branch, to the effect that I the question of the tax on cheques should be j submitted to the central committee, and that ; they should be urged to take such sfcep3 as - would tend to dispense with such. Resolved — ' That while the central committee is of opinion that the charge imposed, on cheques ' by tlie backs is unfair and exorbitant, thsy i are unable to suggest any way of getting rid of it.' From the same branch, calling tus attention or me central committee io tae pastoral claims, urging that a portion of the pastcral lands falling in five years hence be leased in blocks not exceeding lo to -~- square miles, so as to give farmers an oppor tunity to combine agricultural with pastoral pursuit?. The branch to be informed that this was already the policy of the association, end will be enforced on the attention of Par liament at the proper time. From the Balak lava branch, that they were oppO3ed to the movement of the Clinton branch respecting scrub lands, and to the surrendering clauses, as being unfair to the whole community. The secretary of the branch to be asked to forward the resolutions adopted at the meeting, and also to be informed that the central com mittee do not expect .levies in the case of members whose subscriptions are not paid. From the Clinton branch, protesting against i tbe action of the central committee in pressing . the question of the surrender clauses of the i Land Act upon the - 'ommissioner of Crown i Lands so forcibly, the result of which has i been the exclusion of competition at the I sales of surrendered lands, thereby cius- i ing 11 great injustice to all selectors j who took up land at- Iow valuc,and who would j now lose by surrendering their lands, and i this branch is of opinion that in this matter the central committee has doce an immense amount of harm to the farming community, and has lowered the association in the eyes of the comiEunity generally. Mr. Hirsch said it was decidedly unfair to charge the central committee with the inequalities of the opera tion of the Act. They had never asked for the surrendering clauses and had only sought to obtain the recognition of grubbing anl clearing as an improvement The branch to I be informed 'that the surrendering clauses -!id not form part of the policy of theassoci- j alien, the central committee having only pressed for a fair interpretation of the Act, ard tlat the want of competition is owing to excessive bad harvest*, and hope I that the Clinton branch will co- j operate with all others in obtaining i the abolition of interest.'' From the Crystal Brook branch, enclosing cheque for £5 10i. levies for 1SS2. £1 10a and £4 for ISS::. From the Attorney-General's offioe, respecting tha i electoral rolls, stating that as sooa a* the j amended Constitution Act is proclaimed th» i newrollswill,asaniatterof course, bspTepived. ; Resolved — ' That this reply is eminently ua- j satisfactory. The committee again press the ' receeeity for the appointment of returning j tfticers, the preparation of new rolls, and ; boundaries of districts to be published at the j t arliett possible date, and that the matter , be brought under the notice of the Chief Secretary.' From the Yacka branch, stating j that Ibry bad paid all levies for hist '- a car, and £1 Is. for seed wheat fund on February 19, for which they had no receipt. From Amyton branch, with the following \ subscriptions to seed wheat fund :— J. Guru, i lCs. Gd. ; W. Gum, JOi. -id. ; J. Gray, 10s. ; j A. Gray. 10s. : Allan McLean, 20a. ; donation from brsnch, £3 ; total, £7 Gi. To be thanked ! for their prempt and generous subscription. From the Gladstone branch, with the follow ing amounts to the same fund : — J. & J. Pen ce: ley. 21*. ; J. Thomas, 20s. ; R. Heaslip, IOp. ; Mesra. D. Morris, J. Morris, £. Cop, W. Coe, Greig, Growden, Higgins, and Tonkin, 5-. each. The rules were at length finally revised and ordered to be printed, and together with tickets, &c;, to be given to branches at cost price. Some discussion took place upon the vice-regal visit to Gladstone. ..Mr. Copley said that on that occasion he hai noticed with regret that no invitation li»i I bet n u»ne-3 to the president Cr ?Uier oSkers of ihe Farmers' Association to jsin ui a public inception. He was sure tha* the association wor«ldt have be?n glad to join .in the welsoma to tbe north if the opportunity had b?en afforded. — The President explained that he had mentioned the matter to the Mayor of Gladstone, who said he was sorry for the omission. He {the president) thought as Gladstone was their headquarters it was scarcely doing justice to the town to leave them out. The meeting adjourned for a month- Several of the members during tbe course of the meeting were the recipient* of seed wheat forwarded from London by the manager of the Bank of South Australia. Crystal Brook. The monthly meeting of the Crystal Brook branch of the Farmers' Association was held at the Royal Hotel on Saturday. April 21. The chairman of the branch (ilr. W. H. Binney) presided, and there was a moderate attendance of members. On the minutes beiDg read, exception was taken to the state ment that Mr. W. J. Venninjf hid been pre vented from speaking at the previous meeting, and it was affirmed that the meeting had only refused tohearthatEentlemanupon nisdeclin ivg cither to speak to the motion before the chair or to propose au amendment upon it. The necessary corrections in the ruinates were accordingly directed to be made. — Tiie Secre tary, Mr. J. Yenning, read thebalance-slieetof accounts forwarded by the central committee, and objected to an item of £W expenses in currrd:n the last election for the Upper House. He thought it was too large an amount to expend for such a purpose, and enquired what had been their expenditure in previous elec tions. — The Chairman explained that the limit of expenses had been fixed by the central committee at £20, but it was foand, subse quently, that the general secretary had omitted to enter this limit upon the minutes, and hence this excess. — Mr, P. Ro viand thought it was uot the place of the branch to question tbe figures of the central committee. He, as one of the auditors, had gone very carefully through the accounts and was satis fied that the balance- sheet supplied might be confidently relied- upon. The sub ject then dropped. Subscription lists in aid of the farmers' seed wheat relief fund were then introduced, and after some discussion, Messrs. Rowland, Pjvy and Crouch, imdertook to collect sub, scriptions. At the request of Mr. Rowland the names of all members of the branch who had paid up their subscriptions were read .over, after which two new members, Messrs. Bartholomew and W. Williams, were unani mously elected. A rather warm discussion ensued on the question whether any persons other than farmers should be admitted as , members. Messrs. JohnVenning, Pavy, and others, maintained that by. so widening their basis tbey would increase their strength, and there would be no danger; to the interests of the association, as such gentlemen might be admitted as -honorary members, having the right to speak, but not to vote. Mr. Rowland, on the other hand, affirmed that such persons 'would only join for their own interests, as might be seen in the case of the North- Western Agri cultural Society, and a farmers' associa tion should be composed of farmers. The settlement of the question was deferred till the new rales should be received from the central committee, which it ia expected will be in time for the next meeting. The meet ing then proceeded to discuss Mr. Binney's paper on practical farming, he in the mean time vacating the chair, wiiicli was taken by Mr. J. R. Kelly. — Mr. John Yenning con gratulated Mr. Binney on the excellence of his paper. He had heard it characterised by several as the most sensible paper they had ever heard. It dealt especially with their own district and summarised the results of careful observations extending over a serie3 of year?, and he thoroughly agreed with it. In tbe south, with a different subsoil and a greater rainfall, deep cultivation was, perhaps, the best, but he was satisfied that in the north it was a mistake. From four to five inches depth in ploughing, and the soil re duced to as fine a mould as possible was the best practice. He had found that by con* structicg his harrows with the teeth having a decided lean forwads, he was enabled to reav up the; soil to a greater depth, or by re versing the implement, to break it dowa to a finer surface. — Mr. Kelly would emphasise the principle laid down in Mr. Binney'd paper, y:z., that there was no 'hai'd and fast line :' in farming. Articles published in the newspapers were often very amusing, being evidently founded on English t :-peric-nce, and therefore totally in applicable to colonial conditions. He remembered years ago ploughing a pad dock to a depth of about four inches, and a neighbor asked him whether he *: called that ploughing.'' aad ' what kind cf a crop did he ».Ai)ei:t.' Ke (Mr. Kelly) asked him to what depth J-.e j^ouahed, andhesaid, 'six or seven iuches.:' His friend, however, a,fter;v\irds fcund that the shallow ploughing produced the hi nt crop. He also agreed with the p ipar en the subject of thin sowing. To sow a bushel cf good clean seed to tlie aare was tlirov.-irig; seed away. Six-eighths or sevea eiohths of a bushel to the acre was quite ti.itiuieiit^ He had on one occasion soTn one Lag to thirteen peres and had reaped as good a crop as from land sown with the usual quantity.— Mr. Crouch concurred. He had advocated thick sowing, but discovered his mistake. Last year he had made some special experiments on thi3 subject, aud for ice future would ratter sow under a bushel to tLcacre than over. — Messrs. Pavy & Perry also spoke in approval of the paper. — Hr. Binney, in reply, said he hai expected more opposition. He believed in thoroughly woi- kinsc his land, reducing it to as fina, a mould as possible, as then every drop of rain that fell upon it was utilised by the plant, and he had found that half a bushel of seed to the acre was quite sufficient, especially in drv seasons. The meetin then closed. OliKOllOO. The monthly meeting of the Orroroo branch of the Farmers' Association was held in the local institute, on Saturday afternoon, April 21\. There was an unusually large attendance, between twenty and thirty of the members being present. Mr. A. Forrest presided. Mr. Forrest tendered his resignation as auditor, having been elected chairman (owing to the resignation of Mr. Edson) since the beginning of the year. It was accapted, and the election of another auditor was postponed till the next meeting. Messrs. 11. Coulter, W. U. Roberts, and J. Craig were duly elected members of the branch, and with i several other new members signed the cove nant. The secretary read a letter received from the general secretary, relative to the state of the funds of the association, to the , cfffct that it was his impression as well as that of the president that the levies ! if promptly paid would provide sufficient ! funds for the central committee for the pro- i sent year. The balance-sheet, subscription j lists and circular were received from the j central committee. The circular stated that J owing to the general secretary having ab sconded the committee were seriously incon venienced, bnt that Mr. J. R. Kellyj of Merriton, had very kindly consented to do the secretary's work without remuneration ! for the present year 30 as to enable the com- ] mittee to present a clear balance-sheet. It I was stated also that the overdraft-for seed wheat, was reduced to £200, and the attention of delegates was called to the resolution passed at the annual meeting in regard to the liquidation of this amount. — Mr. Copley here explained that this resolution had baen j passed unanimously, as at the time of the annual meetings the seed wheat fund had been reduced to £.350. This was thought a manageable amount. They did not care about goingtotheGovernmentforfurtherassistance, but hoped the branches would do a1! they puaaiuij buum 1.U vripe VII. VU13 sum, J.HC overdraft had been incurred with the best of intentions, and no doubt all would feel in honor bound to do their best. If each branch raised £5 the amount would bo covered. The secretary read a catalogue received from the conservator of forests. £300 having been passed by Parliament for the purpose of raising young trees for free distribution »moDg8t corporate bodies, farmers and others, the attention of intending planters was called to the list presented. The stock being unusually large this year, it was hoped that farmers would take advantage of the con cession and help. It was desired that the result of the planting thould be com muni- j c&tcd; to the Commissioner of Crown .Lands, j and with this object a circular form would i be sent to each recipient on the 1st of April I next year, to be tilled up and returned to the woods and forests office. — Mr. Copley moved in accordance with notice of motion given two months ago— ' That this branch is in favor of an additional subscription of 5s. per member, to be paid by all members nf tlia ftsw-r'iR.t'.inn «kt\ oa 4-a urina *\\-F 4.U.. liability.' He did not intend pressing this. He thought when he gave notice of the motion that this would have proved the easiest and best way of raising the money required, but as circumstances had considerably changed he was under the impression that this would not now be required— sufficient no doubt would come in by the regular payments of levies. He therefore withdrew the motion. It was theintentibn, he was assured, of the central committee to work very carefully this year — Mr. W. Edson informed the meeting that Mr. J. Moody had offered to work up a con cert, the proceeds of which should go towards liquidating the debt of the association.— Mr. Copley mentioned that through Mr. Yenning he had been informed that Mr. Malcolm, of Gawler, would be willing to lecture on 'Ostrich farming as it is carried on in South Africa.' He bad written on bis own re sponsibility to Mr. Venning to the effect that they would not be able to arrange for the lecture for a few weeks, because of the Orroroo races, rifle concert, &c; He pro posed '.'That the meeting considers these rery kind offers, at the next monthly meeting.' He thought they might ar range to combine tke two, the lecture and concert. Mr. Edson seconded. Carried.— Mr. W. BwhcytiJOved— 'That a representa tive be appointed at each meeting to attend the central committee Taeetingi.' He wa3 not feeling dissatisfied with the way in which this branch had been represented, bat it happened sometimes that chairmen were not able to attend, and branches were then not represented. He thought, therefore, it would be wise to carry this motion in order to insure representation.— Mr. Edson seconded. — Mr. Copley moved, as an amendment— ' That it be the duty of the secretary to ask at each meeting whether the chairman in tended going to the central committee meet ing following.' He agreed that branches often were badly represented, indeed seldom represented, but not so Orroroo. It had bten rcorcsented fcv its chairman better than any other branch. The new rules provided that the chairman could appoint a representative. At the meet ing of the brauch the chairman might iatend gqirg. and at the last moment soui'thing might turn up to hinder him. He could then on his own responsibility appoint or ask another gentleman to go. He was afraid the proposition directly clashed with the new rules, for it simply took the power out of the chairman's hands and gave it to the meeting. Personally be thought the new rule would meet the difficulty as well as anything could be expected to do, but as a branch they could not possibly alter or make a rule. — Mr. J. Jamieson agreed with the spirit of the motion, and suggested that it be modified. — Mr. Bowhey, in replying, said he thought there was no real difference between the motion and tbe amendment. However, he was willing to alter his motion to the.-effeit — 'That in case the chairman be not able to attend tbe central committee meeting another member be appointed to act in his place.' — Mr. Edson agreed to this as seconder. The amendment was then put to the meeting and carried by a large majority. — Mr. Bon-hey moved — 'That the central committee be asked to request branches to hold their meetings as near the full moon as possible, just before the central com mittee meetings . are held.'' Both Mr. Copley and Mr. J. Jamieson thought this superfluous, as the central committee had done this already. Of course they could not compel a branch to meet at any specified lime. — Mr. Bowhey upon request withdrew this motion.— The secretary was instructed to write for the New Land Act. — Mr. A. Forrest, one of the delegates, said a few words in reference to the Beed-wheat fund. He placed the subscription lists on the table and solicited donations. — Mr. Copley proposed Mr. Thos. Twigden, farmer, WaUo way, as a member. — Mr. Bowhey seconded. Mr. J. Aitcheson, of Morchard, who lately travelled through Europe and America then read a paper, entitled 'Agricultural Ob servations in Europe and America.'* It was as follows :— ' miring the past twelve months I travelled through a portion of Europe and America, and being a farmer I took especial notice of and interest in their agricultural aspects. Having gleaned much information from personal observation and enquiry I am truly pleased to be with you this afternoon in order to lay before you some of the more interesting of the results. I spent about four weeks in Italy, France, Holland, and Belgium, and although, much of my time was taken up in seeing the large cities I did not by any means forget rural matters.* I thought when I landed at Naples from the steamer Cuzeo that Italy wasa paragon of excellence in regard to beauty of scenery, climate, and fertility of soiL It was early summer, and the vegetable and animal king doms were teeming with life from ocean shore to mountain summit. Even the sterility of the lava soil around Mount Vesupiu3 had all disappeared, and was replaced by vegetable feitihtj'. The numerous small gardens I saw are well kept, irrigation being largely availed of. ' Fruit trees of all descriptions flourish, especially the orange. From the splendid crops of wheat I saw being harvested I should consider the agriculture good. The old fasbioncd methods of hand-reaping and flailing out, almost unknown to South Australia, arc the principal methods used in Italy, modern implements being disregarded. Donkeys and oxen are more generally used on the farms than are horses. The peasants are frusal and industrious, the women doing a large share of the outdoor work. It is worthy of remark that the in dustry of the country people is a striking con trast to the indolence of most people to be met in the cities. In addition to cereals the olive and mulberry are largely cultivated. By means of irrigation rice is grown in Northern Italy. The Australian gums planted in the vicinity of Rome are much valued as an antidote to the malaria. The Metayer system is in vogue with agricul turists, which is similar to the method adopted here of working a farm on halves. France ^is a plain country compared with mountainous Italy, but is well watered and presents a most fertile and pleasing aspect to an agriculturist. About one seventh of the country is growing timber, and a great deal of attention is given to the planting o' the trees. The rainfall of tho northern plains averages 24 inches, but as you go west aud south it increases. Wheat, barley, and oats, besides hemp, flax, and tobasco) are exten sively cultivated. The average returns per acre from wheat growing, for a number of years, is about fifteen bushels. This is a peasant proprietary country, there being five million landed proprietors. O wingto the pass ing of a law some years ago to the effect that the land of a deceased farmer should be equally divided amongst his children, the holdings are very small, most of them being under 50 acres in extent. The country people in their little houses seemed contented, happy, and prosperous. To the land laws no doubt this desirable state of a if airs is due to a large extent. In Belgium and Holland the cultiva tors of the soil we* principally the owners as in Franco. The large extent of forest land in Belgium breaks the monotonous aspect of the level country. The climate is humid, there being 30 inches average annual rainfall. The country contains much meadow land, used I for the grazing of cattle and dairy stock. In addition to cereals, hemp, flax, and potatoes I are largely grown. It is rarely that the average j wheat yield falls below 20 bushels per acre. ! TtpTomiTn is flip Tnnnh tliinfcltT.Tinnn1n+ c*il ^nnnfnr in Europe ; tbe whole area is not much greater than two of our large sheep runs, yetsujporfcs ?' a population of 5,000,000. Holland, as its J name implies, is a hollow laud, much of it 1 beiDg below the sea level, and consequently ! it is swampy. Much draining is done, water being lifted by means of windmills to canals of a higher level, and thus got rid of. The i productions of tbe soil are similar to those of j Belgium, and dairy farming here also occu pies a large proportion of the farmers, a I market for their dairy produce being found in | England. Yery few modern implements are j used, neither is machinery, as labor is so cheap. I Scon after arriving in London I made the j acquaintance of the Agent- General, Sir A. Blyth, who kindly afforded me every facility I in his power for seeing the public institutions cf the country. At Bcthnal-green Museum are to be seen a choice lot of agricultural ex hibits from all parts of the world. South Australia is represented by fine samples of ' wool and wheat. I had au introduction to Messrs. Berkett, Spieling & Co., corn brokers, at Mark-lane Corn Exchange, who §ave me some idea of 'the great grain trade one in their market. I saw samples of wheat and other grain from all parts of the world, and obtained several varieties as a reminiscence of my visit. Some Coomooroo grown wheat I had with me was much admired, * and compared very favorably with all I saw. j The Metropolitan Meat Market is always a ' scene of activity, especially in early morning. { It is by far the largest and finest market of j this description in the world, as it naturally j would be, having as it does to meet the re quirements of 4,000,000 people. Some Aus tralian frosted mutton, just arrived, met with a ready sale. In was in fine condition, being' barely distinguishable from English- killed meat. Many buy it in ignorance of the fact that it is imported. The only objection to the mutton is that some of its flavor is lost through the freezing operation. I saw several kangaroo tails that seemed as fresh as possible — the vendor asked 7s. each for them. The sellers of the Trosiea meats were very ioiu in giving in formation, and when I mentioned that I came from Australia I could elicit no further par ticulars. It is my impression that a fine trade is before the colonies in this direction. At the Wool Exchange, Coleman-street, there was a large quantity of Australian wool being put under the hammer by Helmuth Scbwartze & Co. The scene was exciting, very different from our colonial wool sales. There was a large attendance and keen com petition. It is a pity wheat is not auctioned in the same way. The system of agriculture in England is' quite different from that of our colony. If I were to go to England to engage in farmiog pursuits, I should have to part with nearly all my farming experience ; the difference of climate, soil productions, &c;, is so great. I quite understand the difficulties Professor Custance has to cope with in urging farmers to adopt agri cultural methods he has imported with himself. English agriculturists when told of oar methods of farming have quite a contempt for them, and like Mr. Custance consider our low averages the result of cropping year after year with no variety, and without the application of manure. The rotation of crops, the many kinds of productions that are obtained from the soil, the draining and under draining the deep ploughing and subsoiling, the appfi cation of various manures to every acre of arable soiL the hoeing, weeding, and nursing of crop*, the great care to avoid waste in the ingathering of the crops, the cautious hous ing and thatching, the stabling of stock during.inclement weather, &c;— & this ex pensive detail of- procednre* the farmer ot Great Britain-goes caret ally through, and he finds it necessary also to do this in order to attain even a measure of success. The climate . of England and Scotland, as :prof»»Wy you . are all aware, is extremely ficlde. The labors ot the farmers there are just £S -- ? precarious as they are here, but' of ' course from an opposite effect. The rainfall is not so great as many hive been led to suppose, being in London 25 inches, while in Adelaide it is 21 Inches. In . Scotland and west of England it is greater. It is no wonder the Englisii farmer values sunshine so highly — we get far more of it in winter than he does in summer. I could sot help looking with a fetiing akin to ~ sorrow at thousands of tons of hay which lav upon the ground quite rotten because of the wet weather. Parts of England are very fine, well- timbered, not very mountainous, bat rather undulating, and beautified by many graceful winding rivers. The hedges be tween the fields, which are much more general in England than Scotland, give an agreeable and picturesque appearance to the country. In going south of London towards Brighton I passed through a portion of tbe hop country. Xone of the plantations sic large, j ct they are costly to work— four hands per acre being required for the in- '' gathering of the hops. An English farmer . dees uot cocsider 20 bushels of wheat, 3(fof barley, and 35 of oats a very payable crops.' It is quite common to get 35 to 40 bushels of wheat, 40 of barley, and 60 of oats in many counties, although the average - wheat jield seldom exceeds 30 bushels per acre. There appears to be very little fallow land in England, the soil being constantly utilised in growing some remuntrativc crop. Two like crops are never tsken off the land in succession, the rotation of crops being frequently as follows .—Pota toes, wheat, turnips, rye, flax or clover, and ' so on. Bed rust is unknown in England, and cannot be produced, as rusty wheat sent from the colonies has been sown in order to find out if 1he disease would develop. Pickling with sulphate of copper is most carefully done to avoid smut. Some excellent draught stock arc in use upon the farms ; these are carefully unded aEd well fed. I did not see a solitary skinny animal such as many of our northern horses are. To work a horse and then turn him adrift to find his food in a paddock as we frequently do here, would be considered scandalous. The shedding attached to a moderately sized farm, say of 2C0 acres, reminds me of the ex tensive buildings on some of the larger sheep stations in this colony. Sheep and cattle are kept on all the large farms of England, the breeds beiDg abont the same as ours, with tho exception, however, of the merinos. I saw finer cattle, but aot better sheep than those , of Australia. These latter animals in both England and Scotland are miserably woolled. the idea of sheep breeding being to get weight of carcase rather than a clip of wooL An Australian sheep produces nearly twice as much wool as does his English cousin ; 5 lbs. of wool is considered a good average for a flock in England. The farms range from 30 to 1,000 acres in size, though there are but few of the larger ones. The farm- houses are usually comfortable, commodious, and neat structures, with fertile gardens attached. Cottages for the married laborers are to be found on all fairly large farms. All the build ing improvements are paid for by the land lord, if the tenant has his sanction for their erection. Any improvement the tenant effects in the way of reclaiming land, &c;, he gets no consideration for, only the prospect of the rent being raised at the end of the term. Agricultural laborers' wages are . slightly better in Scotland than in England. In the latter country they are generally about 40 per cent, and in some counties fully 50 per cent, lower than what is paid here. The chances of an independence, or even the position of a small farmer are few, so little can be laid by out of the small wages, how ever economical farm laborers may be. I cannot understand how this class of men, who' must have heard of the colonies, can be contented with their lob Before the forma tion of the laborers' union wages werfe much lower than they are now. Labor saving machinery and implements are much UEed, the steam plough is to be seen working on most of the larger farms. Scotland possesses more waste lands than - England; only about one-fourth is under ? cultivation. Wheat is not so generally gro Wa as in the southern of the two countries, it being too cold, although I must say that I saw magnificent crops of wheat as far North as Aberdeen. ' Splendid oats are grown in this country, from which the famous Scotch catmeal is made. More thrift and conse quently prosperity are to be observed among Scotch farmers than among English. Cale- , donia has very little timber, but the land owners are fast making amends for this by forming numerous and extensive plantations. Much of the Scotch scenery is very beautiful, the heather, although pretty, is about as nutritious as our porcupine. Rents are very high, those tenants of the better farms having to pay for rent in one year as much as would purchase the land ia South Australia. In consequence of these high rents, and the discount at which agri culture is placed, many of the farms in England as well as Scotland are tenantless at the present time. We see in Great Britain the ill effects of land monopoly, vast tracts of magnificent land are held by a few capitalists. Out of the twenty-two million of England's population only 30,000 are landowners, and in Scotland about S.000 landowners hold. 19,000,000 acres. In my opinion there is not a ghost of chance for a small far mer in these countries — no freehold in land is to be obtained. Besides heavy rents and burdensome taxation to contend against the faimcr must not touch the timber on his hind, the fish in the streams flowing gleefully through his paddocks, or the game that do such damage oftentimes to the crops. He is so harassed by fettering conditions that were he not a true Briton he would not possess the necessary perseverance and pluck to struggle against such terrible odds. My stay in the United States was about five weeks, and much of this time was taken up in the overland journey to San Francisco. Oa this journey I re mained at interesting places purposely to see the country districts. Mew York, the city of electric light, elevated railways, and mammoth suspension bridge, is very inte resting to a visitor. Here I had an introduc tion to a member of the Produce Exchange — -theMark- lane of America. This was the head quarters of the celebrated 'ring'' of a few years ago that threatened disaster to con sumers on account of the exorbitant prices c asked. Telegraph prices of grain in tbe leading markets of the world were chalked up, and cereal statistics posted on board notices were given in abundance. The ex citement that prevailed during business was as great as that of the Stock Exchange. Large quantities of grain for for ward delivery were ?? being sold by auction. The fertile soil of the States produces all the farmer of Britain cultivates, with maize, tobacco, cotton, rice, and sugar* cane. The last three mentioned are grown chiefly in the southern states— tobacco in Virginia and Maryland. Great efforts are being made just now to successfully establish the growth of beetroot in several of the states. A great deal of attention is given by tbe United States Government to agricul tural education ; in the country schools the rising generation are being instructed in the . _~ elementary principles of agriculture. There are 39 agricultural colleges with farms attached of from 1C0 to C00 acres each, so that the teaching may be thoroughly practical. The students do nearly all the work upon these farms. All these institutions are hand somely endowed by the Government. In England I know of only one agricultural college — that of Cirencester. France has three of these schools. In going from New York to Buffalo I paasea though undulating country abundantly timbered and 'Veil watered, the whole of which was occupied by farmers. I was in formed that here the land in the past had been robbed of its fertility by excessive crop ping and no manuring, out by adopting a better system of farming and feeding the ' hind with fertilisers its strength had returned ; and' New York State invariably records a good average yield. In many parts of the United States the flies are very troublesome ' during tbe summer months. Stock while working have to be provided with leather veils, and sometimes operations have to be suspended a tew Hours during midday to avoid the pest. Buffalo is a well laid out city ; the streets and roads arc parallel, intersecting each other at right angles. Very few of the streets . are named, being mostly denoted, by their number?. This remark applies to nearly all the American towns, and even cities. At the Niagara Falls, where I made a halt, a most glorious eight presented itself to my view. ICO.CCO.OOO tons of water per hour is preci pitated perpendicularly 164 feet ; but in order to see this grand sight from advantageous points several 'tourist fees' are necessary. Leaving Niagara I passed through on the Canadian side of the river 250 miles oE British territory. This is principally farm ing country of a level nature, that at one time had been forest land. All southern Canada is fertile, and his a good rainfall. Between Detroit and Chicago, the country baa a good appearance. Michigan State stands well for tillage. Daring my visit the fanners were preparing the land for sowing. Most of the teams I saw working were composed of four bones. Breast straps instead of collars and names are very much, used. The farm buildings and fences were not equal to those of England, but generally substantial. I thought Chicago one of tae' *' best laid out and most beautiful cities of tiie new world. It has the greatest grain depot ' * in the world, and does more bog and cattle ?*-'?- preserving than any other city. There' are * ,' forty artesian wells :in tlie «Hy ot various '?'?- depths up to 1,000 feet ; {most o£ them ?» -, , «? used for private purposes. 33ie flattie, *0B.^ ' f ebeep, and horse market wjcapS^Sfc -^ acres, and can accommodate 25,000 eatiHe! t%r' ?-? 100,000 begs, $2,000 afteep, *nd ityho^^M BIjJBBpSwpS^ t^Sfcafla. and H|ui|i|i E^p|4» JoSTSS o-mtaininp-5Q0 H^Hhk :3n» Indian «om elevator could un BSpMpJBO&wO;^msneb daring the jams time. WgmmS3mmr*ltoB Eastern Slates do iliPPi^1* 1E!SL3itaSL1l5* tt lo°* ^^P^POOU ,,*MUftxncted *» the purpose. M^Ma|t§fpaw from Chicago you pass . ^pni iertOe land, the fanner treeless Elj!BBfo'f''!'ln!r T»hk3i hms been removed by SmSsgifoftiflifftttpiirmtrif timfar. Here and there ^P^ew^dgesanetobe seen, which .also nn Iglprro the j^pearanoe «f the farms. I «aw g|i*om*Terj_£ne field* of maize in the west. Kpb-J» a favorite object of cultivation, as is gSrwell adapted to the climate of 1*e States, Pl^and yields sometimes as modi as^)0 fnuhek ?&*«#?»: Stack raising goes hand in hand fe^ilbiigtf&altare; in tfiSii&nd; States. Mobs iil^orafgsare shepherded in the open country in P^theiamewayas sheep ace here. As far as Ife^maha, whkb is 1,450 miles ;wt of New HK^Eoric Ike country is abundantly watered by gu^ , *,{M-DferXyEn. suns iiiukmhui vrcao w v/iuaus KMyonoome npon the exeat prairies, which have ^w.«m3Bnin^tinga8pectbecause treeless andleveL sPfeHTeiylitfle fencing is done as far vestas this; 3&T; **en-the railroad » unprotected for hundreds g^;^^ndles because of tbe scarcity of timber. s^*--3-|8eifc yon meet the squatters or ranchmen as fe ' Sthey are called, who own from LQ03 to 20.090 |fg?^eeE, and from 400 to 30,000 cattle. Moat pfe---«f the workmen on the line in the west are t^r Chinamen, the Europeans -not caring about g§r*-|^8deib solitude. You enter a different climate Is^-irtiai yon reach the Siena Nevada mountains. ;S#-/!H»e grandest scenery I ever looked upon I ~: '.* beheld here. The moinitnin crests are white , I Trith snow; fine timber, specially fir and cedar, wnryr tJiymnnonwtatiTm- AtSacramentoImade ^ the acquaintance of several agriculturists, from whom I gathered that the style of I '' fuming was much like that adopted in South Australia. As labor is scarce implements and machinery are made to give big results.' The r- wheat, of which I obtained several samples, is -very like our own. Australian wheat is -„ thought very highly of by Calif ornian i fanners. One of their varieties they call Australian. Wheat is sacked here in 130 ~ ib. bags, and flour in 100-lb, .bags. I visited one of the principal flour raiiln in the City of Kyyurnfntn ftTtfl TfjymifiprtinHj naaian mrwtof the other nulls I saw, much behind the sub stantial and complete mills of our colony. Our gum trees are highly prized in California. Several large plantations of them are to be seen in the vicinity of Sacramento. California contains some immense trees, but they are limited in number. The largest are supposed to be 1500 years old, and are 323 feet high, with trunks from 30 to Cl feet in circum ference. I was surprised, however, to see the small timber of America and Europe, having been accustomed to gaze upon the giant gums ©f this country. Almost all the implements ?'= of California have- seats attached for the -, driver. There are very' few single-furrow ploughs except for deep ploughing and sub soiling. Six and eight farrow Gang ploughs are much used, although they are not so popular as formerly ; a more efficient agricultural system is now carried on. Headers, which are ponderous machines like a reaper and binder, are used— four horses are '-. . nsed to push, not pull them— 4ihe width of cut is from lOto 16 feet; very little straw is clipped . .- eff with the heads. Our reapers have been tried, and are suitable to the climate, but are altogether too slow for the Yankees. A good deal of land is laid under fallow each year. ' The original excessive fertility of the sou has disappeared — the returns being from 4 to 12 bushels, against from 15 to 30 bushels formerly. The State of California con tains some of the largest farms of the world, one being over 430,000 acres, which is worked by a company ; three others belonging to private owners contain 36,000, 23,000, and 17,000 acres respectively. California is subject to drought as is South Australia. The rainfall of the wheat districts varies from 9 to 24 inches. A great quantity of Calif or nian dry land is now irrigated. The Govern ment nave gone fully into the question, and have spent a lot of money in water conservation, vesting the control of the ' clmiT'.fl anil ^mltiaIh in ln/*nl mmtniff. . sinners. Fair crops can be grown on ten inches of rain. The land laws of the United States appear very liberal. Millions of acres bave been given to selectors by the American Government under the Homestead Lsw. Every person above the age of 21 can become possessed of ifiO acres of land by cultivating ? and residing on it for five years, the only ex penditurei being £3 or £4 land office fees. In addition to the above quantity of land a man may obtain 160 acres more upon payment of from 5s. to 10s. per acre. By a little manceuvering men of capital get hold of vast ~ \~ tracts of country.' Mr. Copley proposed and Mr. Jamieson seconded a very hearty . vote of thanks to Mr, Aitcheson for his in structive address. This was carried by accla mation. Eighteen samples of wheat were placed on tie table by Mr. Aitcheson, which were examined by the members present with a great deal of interest. QUOEJf. A meeting of the Quorn branch of the Farmers' Association was held on Saturday, April 28. A letter from the Commissioner of Crown Iiands was read, stating that the sug gestion of the branch respecting land regula tions would have due consideration in any future land legislation. The meeting took into consideration the action of the Govern ment in the matter of raising the upset price of surrendered lands offered for resale, and expressed disapproval thereof. Mr. D. Brinkwcrth and Mr. McHugh spoke at some length on this matter, and pointed out that it seemed somewhat unfair on the part of the Government, after selling a certain quantity of hind at 20s. 6d. per acre, to suddenly raise the upset price of laud not any better 30?. and more per acre. It was argued that this was evidently an attempt to do what the branch had long ago suggested should be done, viz., classify the lands, but it was going the wrong way about it, for the meeting con . eidered that but little land in the north was worth more than 20s. per acre, and many thousands of acres were not worth one quarter of even that amount. Mi1. Brink worth aleo pointed out the great falling off in the quantity of land being selected, showing conclusively that the land was not worth what it had been stated it was worth. This also accounted largely for the falling off in revenue more than the failure to pay by the ' present selectors. He considered the falling off in the number of selectors fully proved that the great bulk of the northern plain lands was not worth the 203. per acre asked for it, and that it would be better to make the selections into large areas and lease them than pursue the present plan. The question of separation from the central com mittee was deferred until next meeting. Alter some matters of detail had been dis posed of the meeting adjourned until the last Saturday in May. We are informed that last season a farmer in the neighborhood of Lyttelton, in New Zealand, reaped 35,000 bushels of wheat from 900 acres of land, and that he sold this pro dnee for £7,000. 