Tlie llatiuted and Thc Haunters . x-r*,-. -i ..i..-. v 0J1( , HOUSE AND THE BRAIN. ''THAT I can scarcely tell yon, but very many years since. The old woman I spoke of said it was haunted when she rented it between .thirty and forty years ago. The fact is, that my life has been spent in the East,. Indies, and in the civil service of tho .Company., I returned to England last year, on. inheriting the . fortune of an uncle, amongst whoso possessions was the houso in question. I fouifd it shut up and unin habited. I was. told that it was haunted, that, ho one would inhabit it, I smiled at what Bcemod to me so idle a story. I spent ?some money in repairing and roofing it added jto'its old- fashioned furniture a few modern articles-advertised it, and obtained a lodger, for it for a year. Ho was a colonel retired on half pay. He came in with his family, a son and a daughter, and four or five servants; tlioy all left the house tho next day; and, although they deponed that they had all seen, something diflerent, that something was equally terrible to all. I really could not in conscience suo, or even blamo, the colonel for breach of agreement. Then I put in tho old woman I have spoken of,- and she was empowered to let tho house in apartments. I never had ono lodger who stayed more than three days. I do not toll " you their stories-to no two'lodgers have there been exactly tho same phenomona re peated. It is bettor that you should judgo for yourself, than enter the liouso with an imagination influenced by previous narra tives; only bo prepared to soo and to hear something or other, and take whatever precautions you yourself please." " " Have you never had a curiosity your self to pass a niglitin that houso ?" " Yes. I passed not a night, but threo hours in broad daylight alone in that house. My curiosity is not satisfied, but it is quenched. £ have no desire . to renew the oxporimeut. You - cannot complain, you see, sir, that I am not sufficiently candid ; and unless your interest bo exceedingly eager and your nerves unusually strong, I honestly add, that I ddviBo you not to pass a night in that houso." My interest is exceedingly keen," said I, " and though only a coward will boast rifiiis nerves in situations wholly unfamiliar to him; yot my nerve's liavo been seasoned in such variety of danger that 'I have tho . right to rely on them-oven in a haunted house." ; Mr. J-said' very littlo more; lie .ioolc'tho koys of the house out of liis bureau, ? gave them to mo,-and, thanking liim cordi ally for his -frankness, and his urbano con . concession to J my wish, I carried off-my prizo. . ?' Impatient for tho experiment, as soon as I reached , homo.. I summoned ray confi dential. servant- a young man of gay spirits, fearless temper, and- as froo from superstitious prejudice as any one I could think of. . " F--," said I, " you remember in Gormany how s disappointed we jwpro at not \- finding a ghost 111 that old castle, which was said bo haunted by a headloss apparition ?: Well, I liavo heard of .a houso iaj London' which, 1- hav^reason" to liopo, is docidedly haunted. I moan to sloop thero to-night. From what I hear, there is 110 doubt that : something' will allow itself to bo seen or to bo heard-something, perhaps, excossivoly . horrible. Do .you think, if I .take you with ?mo, I may rely on your presence of mind, / whatever may happon , . . . Oh, sir!;: pray . .trust 1110,"?>. answerod F-7-, grinning with delight. . "Vory well; thon hero are tho koys of tho houso-^-tliis is tho address. Go now,-; i select for mo any bodroom you please ; and sinco tlio houso lias not boon inhabitod for ,; wooks,. make up' a good fire- air -the bed v woll-seo, of course, that there are candles :ns well aa fv#l. . Take" with you my revolver and my dagger-so much 'for my weapons ~ arm yourself equally well; and if wo' are not a match for a ^dozon ghosts, wo shall bo ?? but a sorry.couplb of Englislimou.'' ' I -was engaged'for. the rest of tho day on ? business so-urgent that I had not leisure to " think, much on tho nootnrnal ndvonluro to whioli I, had plighted my lionoiu'. I. dined "alono, and very lato and while dining, read,' as is 'my liabit. Tlio. volume I selected. wns : , one of : Macaulay's >? Essays.- 1 thought to . myself that I would tako tho bobk -with mo"; thero was; so much lioalthfulnoss .111 tho ? style, and p ractical,life, in tho subjects, that ^ it would. Berve assail antidote.against the iu-: ^ fluonees of superstitious fancy. , ; ' . Accordingly; about half-past nino, I put f;"v:thbr ,boplt';'intO:: myipocket,)' and^strolled loisurely towards tlio haunted house. I , took with mo1 a favorito'. dog,-an oxcoed-: \- iiiigly sharp, bold, and vigilant bull-terrier,1 -a dog fond of prowling about ' strango' .ghostly oorners and passages in soarch of \- rats-a dog of dogs for a ghost. ' It was a sujnnior night, but chilly,: tlio" ? ? Bky somewhat gloomyand overcast. . Still iliero was a moon-faint, and'siclflyi' but Still, a moon-and if thVclouds pormittod,. aftor midnight it would bo brighter. ' ' I reached -tho lionso, knocked, and my %^orvant oponed with a cheorful smilo;' ^ " All riglitj 'sir,and very 'comforiablo/'' j . "phi" said J, rajhor disappoiulod; liavo' you. not sooner heard anything ro-: 1 markablo ?" . i; > v . .; Well, aiiy I .must own I liavo hoard v ] something ,quoer." , y., ' /" What?-what?", v , . _ . " The sound of feet pafctoring bohiud mo 1 ,a'ud oneo or twico small noisqs,lilco;whi6pei's olosp at my oar-nothing moire." " 'v ' V "? " Yon aro not at all frightenod . . " I I not a bit of it, sir.;'" and tlio mail's / 'bold look roassurod mo on ono point-yiss.', . that, happen what might, 1 lie , would 'not dosert me. " * Wo wore in tho hall, the stroot-door closed, and my attention was nowdrawn to . my dog. Ho had at first run in eagorly enough, but had snoakod baok to tlio door, \ and was scratching and whining' to get out. After patting him on tho head, 'and on .. couragiug liim gontly, the dog -soomed to . voconcile himself to the situation, and fol lowed . mo nnd1 F-- through tho hdiiso ' but keeping close at my heels instead of hurrying inquisitively in advance, which was his usual and normal habit in all strange' places. Wo first visited the sub terranean apartments, the kitchen and other offices, and especially the cellars, in which last there were two or threo bottles of wine left in a bin, covered with cobwebs, and evi dently, by their appearanco, undisturbed for many years. _ It was clear that the gliosis were not wincbibbers. For the rest we discovered nothing of interest. There was a gloomy little backyard, with very high walls. The stones of this yard wcro very dump ;. and what with the damp, and what with the dust and the smoke-grime on the pavement, our fuet left a slight impression where wo 'passed. And now appeared the first strange phenomenon witnessed by my self in this strange abode. I saw, just before me, the print af a foot suddenly form itself, as it were, I stopped, caught hold of my servant, and pointed to it. In advanco of that footprint as suddenly dropped another. Wo both saw it. . I ad vanced quickly to tho place ; the footprint kept advancing before me, a small footprint -the foot of a child : the impression was too faint thoroughly to distinguish tho shapo, but it seemed to us both that it was the print of a naked foot. This phenomenon ceased when we arrived at the opposite wall, nor did it repeat itself ou returning. We remounted the stairs and entered the rooms on the ground floor, a dining parlour, a small back-parlour, and a still smaller third room that had been probably, appropri ated to a footman-all" still as death. Wo then visited tho dining-rooms, which seemed fresh and now. In^tlio front room I seated mysolf in an armchair. F-- placed on tho table tho candlestick with which ho had lighted us. I told him to shut tho door. As ho turned to do so, a chair opposito mo moved from tho wall quickly and noiselessly, and dropped itself about a yard from my own cliair, immediately fronting it. , " Why, this is hotter than tho turuing tablos,"' Baid I, with a half laugh ; and as I laughed, my dog put back liis head and howled. F--coming back, had not obsorvod tlio movomont of tho chair. Iio employed himself now in stilling the dog. I continued to gazo 011 the chair, and fancied I saw on it a . palo bluo misty' outlino'of a human liguvo, but an outlino so indistinct that I could .only distrust my own visions Tlio dog was now quiot. ' " Put back that chair oppo site to 1110," said I to F " put it back to the wall." 1<V , obeyed. " Was that, you, sir?" said lie, turning abruptly." "I " 11-'whafi " Why, somothing struck mo. I felt it sharply in tlio shoulder--just here." "No," said I. " But wo liavo jugglors present, and though' we may not discover their tricks, we shall catch them boforo tlioy frighten (To be Continued.) . T 