QUEEN'S BIRTHDAY IN MELBOURNE. MELBOURNE, THURSDAY. To-day was observed as a general holiday, and despite the cold northerly wind and cloudy sky the maturity of out- door amusements provided for the day were well patronised. In the morning the Governor's levee was fairly attended, and it was noticeable that very few gentleman took advantage of the intimation that the rule with regard to the wearing of evening dress would be relaxed on this occasion. The volunteer review held at Albert Park attracted a very large number of people, there being used by 20,000 spectators. The whole metropolitan corps both of infantry and artillery also the naval forces, and the Ballarat, Sandhurst, and Castlemaine Rifles, took part in the proceedings. The total muster of all ranks was 17/4 men, who acquitted themselves very creditably in the various exercises. His Excellency the Governor and suite arrived on the ground about 3 o'clock, and drove along the line of troops, the hands meanwhile playing the National Anthem. A fill the note was afterwards fired, and the march-past performed before his Excellency, who remained until the close of the proceedings, when he conveyed to the Commandant, Colonel Hutton, his high appreciation of the manner in which the various manoeuvres had been performed. A variety of other amusements were provided, including the Hunt Club Races at Flemington, and a football match -Geelong against Hotham - on the East Melbourne ground, which after an exciting contest, witnessed by a large concourse of of spectators, resulted in a draw slightly in favour of the Geelong players, who scored three goals and 16 behinds against three goals and eight behinds scored by their opponents. Ihjio washed a Fire Brigades' Demonstration at North Fitzroy, at which almost the whole of the suburban brigades competed and the Melbourne Football Club's Sports also attracted a good number of holiday makers, us usual. The Queen's Birthday Meeting of the Melbourne Hunt Club was held to-day at Flemington, but owing to the threatening appearance of the weather the attendance was not numerous. The acting, however, was of a very interesting character. The following are the results : HU WILES. Stormbird. ." 1 Merry Maid . as Wild nature 3 Three others started. Stormbird won by half a neck. QUEEN'S BIRTHDAY STAKES. Egerton 1 Welcome Jack 2 squareness Fifteen started. The betting was 6 to 1 against Verdure, Squireen, and Queen Mary, Egerton won easily. Time, 1 minute 16 seconds. NOTES STEEPLECHASE. Vaultcr. 1 Black Jacket 2 Stampede.., 3 Alhambra, Magic, Magician and Peter also started. The betting was 5 to 4 against Alhambra, who fell, and 3 to 1 against Vaulter, 4 to 1 against Magic, and 6 to 1 against the others. Vaulter won easily by six lengths. Time, 6 minutes 192 seconds. CORINTHIAN FLAT RACE. Leddington 3 The- Ghost. 3 King Charles. 3 Six other state tors. SELLING RACE. Anagram. 1 Leddington . - Cruiser . .... . FLYING STAKES. I Squireen ... .- 1 Cuiaar 3 Sir Charles. 3 Squireen won easily 