WHAT MIGHT'HiVB BEEN EXPECTEi). LY MPS. I'hlNK M'CAllTnY. One wild, March night, not many years ago, two young men walked' rapidly through the maip street of a otudo' Western setilcm'cni.' There was little attempt at paving, as the place seemod to be scooped out of th6 solid rock which hemmed it in'. The width of the street was a serious drawback to its distinction. .The hoils'ei on either side, slanting down from the hills behind-them, dilapidated, detached 1 , ahd with little or no attempt at architecture, became more insignificant by the long distances which separated them and their grim surroundings. An icy wind 1 , that grew more and more violent at night-fail, congealed all ihclinatipn' for conversation but the younger of these -pilgrims muttered through his dhattcring teeth, '• " Godforsaken, beastly hole, 3$ax I" " Not altogether," replied his companion. L6olf yonder, Tom !" '" T}ie wind, increasing in velooity, drovo before'it the murky douas that had rested upon the jagged hill-tops, and all at once could be seen a hundred martial, maritime, and grotesque shapes clearly defined upon the sky Myriads of Btars began to glow with -wonder^ ful brilliahoy, but the younger traveller gazed longingly upon the minor lights of the railroad depot that shone hopefully' in the distance. The wide portico of a country store loomed in sight; cheerful arrays of patent medicines with their gaudy placards adorned tho windows; the battered and broken-nosed figure-of an Indian .maiden iiiiurcd the 'presence of tobacco to the way-worri travellor— and Tom began to soften with these signs of approaching civilizatifth. " Well soon shake the.dust of this wretchcd ilace from Pur feet, Max," he aaid. 'Tve lad a nasty presentiment hanging over mo all day that something would happen here; but there's the blessed old flaming eye of the engine at last." ' It air happened in a quarter of a minute, even as Tom rppke. A waggon came rapidly down the steep cross-street, the driver vainly endeayoring, as he saw an old woman on the crossing, Watfefet the speed of his vehicle; his beast was intelligent enbnghto aid him in this endeavor, but the grade was steep, and tho old woman stumbled. Max spring forward juBt in time to lift her to her feet. As he xoBe to 'his own the shaft of the wagon gave him a reugh poke upon the leg, which made him wince for a moment, but he carried his light burden to'the corner, where she struggled down out of his arms, saying, in the weak, tremulous quaver of age, *' Thatik ye, thank ye, young man," and hobbled away upon her stick in the gloom. The man in the waggon called out: "All xigbt, boss ? Nobody hurt, I reckon " I All right—nobody hurt," echoed Max, and the waggon went rawing on. The old woman had already disappeared;' the engine was belching forth name and steam only a few rods away. In less than live minutes Tom was filling the brackets over their heads in the car with their travelling traps, and singing softly. This was .Tom's favorite pican of joy. He never got beyond the one line and the refrain, but these seemed to suffice him. He broke oS shortly, however, upon looking at his companion. Max was deathly pole, a white quiver pbout hia mouth had a premonition of ghastly faintness about it. " Hallo, old fellow," cried Tom, " you were hurt, after all; take a swig of this." He poured some liguor down the throat of Max- f rom-A' 1 ittlfiJbrown ilaSk.whiohSquiclily .brought - him round, but Tom remained 11 anxious. •,/ , : i •.-.,'. > . '.r- ; -"Where's the trouble, Max?'!he sai8. '•.'. . "Only a blow on the leg," said Max. "I shouldn't -wonder -if thore was a black and plus sppt thermos big as your hand ; but that's iail. . I-'pmtired and hunjry ; let's cat somethjngiiV ;--si; ,..-..„ <: 1 •' Theyf .felbtp t upon ». Uttfa"' m k whieli Tom brought from the -recesses- x>f his tatclling,,bag. f /Ehe train -Btartod on, Max re. gaiaei Jiis: fine florid complexion. Presently pB slet.vhwJaiead' WBt upon his beard, .'and loBed his eyes ,in .a light and eaty-Blomber. S, 'pm drewja.-beoath ot relief. The-trainincreased . in speed. . As it went spinningaast j ward, the, very, I cockles ot poor Tom's heart wartaod at the thought of home. He pulled up itlie -ooUar of his overcoat, extended <his feet upon UjeilUxuriouB Upholstery of the seat elieid, foldediiis hat into a pillow, and w4s toon mingUngliisihnmblo snore with the continuous rattle Ondt .occasional shriek'qf therailway train. With the morning came an amelioration of the oold, but it brought with it;£ogandmud-; The nine mileai ride at the clpK -of the: Becdnd .day, -over'- to uneven Country,in a Itnnbering etage-coaoh, wrung .spmat.imes jfrom ^tox an exdlaniatian that was nearly, Akin to. a gipan;-hie leg had been a little -stiff: when he, got oS: the traih. Tobi thought it was^he awkward position in which ho liod Blept. Ho began now to fee of the opinion that a touch of rheumatism might be at^ t)ie bottom <pf tUe. trouble.' 'We:}l,sgive it a rub frith some of Aunt Em'slininiept when we get home," said Tom, W4.th fv soft infleotioti upon , tho last word. Tomjiwouldn't have-lbelievcd 1 it possible he could,haye.ibeen so -ridiculously glad-to get bapk to,stupid old.BaWfesvillo; he had been s^grfltefui tbget.away-from it, at- that lime, hep&d; pmde pp hi8 'mind .that in the whole range ;o£ the .States he oould not .tumble upon a .duller, ,'piore perversely rstagnant and exasperating spot than the village'of which his father was so proud. It nettled him beyond endurance-after-he-gotiback.from college to see^his lather standvwitli hisJuack to the dining-room grate, his ihands folded beneath his ,coat tails, and hold iorth by the honr uppnthepetty themes disousaed in the City Council, of which he was an influential member. A sword hung conspicuously over the mantel-piece, whioh seemed to Tom to crown 'the absurdity of the soene.. The little attentiojjTpm had given to the (sanguinary'ancients during his oollegi^te course increased iiis enntemplr tor,,the:regiment of home guards at Barn^sville, of.whiehhia father was the oolonel, apd the approach of Washington's birth- ,day,, quickened Tom's decision to join his friajjd .Maxlfeling in that venture out in the mining districts. " Why,,ypu'd better stay till after the tnen- .ty;sccpnd," said Aunt Em, who was busy with silken flags and rosettoa at a side table. " Merry',scopiing home from school on purpose, you knpw;V;:, "JTes," said the oolonel,. "I thought it judioions .to said for Amerioa—in—a—fact, I believe she jis to personate, the Goddess of Liberty:; she is tall for her age, you know. 1 Yu),- Tom knew she was taller at fourteen thap nipst girls at twenty. He was exceedingly fondand proud of his sister, but he went Tom left Baniesville without a single regret and vowed in his heart that many a year should go, by before he should again see the white houses ond green blinds, and little front gar. dcuB.and neat palings, and slender saplings of elms and ash-trees and maples that at stated aieji&nnes; marked so lhany miles of his father's domain. This young lad of twenty, in the innocence and arrogance of youth, thought jo! many-a-lively joust-and tournament that awaited himjyonder, whioh made the present 'placid surroundings insipid beyond degree. Five jeari Jiad gone by, and he was ooming hack again, with a lively respect for the fleshpots of Egypt. He had speut all the money left him by .his dead mother, a considerable eum loaned hiun by Iiis father, not to mention some little savings of Aunt Em's. He had spent all this money, and was ooming back for more. Yet he:had not been given to riotons living. Hoaycn knew the simple fare upon which he 9iad perved,-the rough raiment he had worn. •The money had all gone in unfortunate ventures in the mining districts. His friend Max had risked and lost even more than Tom. Fortune was a fiokle jade, and had led them a sad dance, -but at last she had warmed to their favour, and now the tidf had tur- 'ned. AU this new investment wanted was a little m »re capital and their fortunes were made. His father had a clear head for bueincBB; it would be an easy matter to assure him that the venture was a eafe one, and at last the future would-he ;seoured. Tom thought this all ovpt .at) they jogged along in the stage- Coaoh,.<md as the. familiar old landmarks began to appear he pot down his coat.eollar, brushpd rliis hat 'With his sleeve, pulled his -pantaloons down over his boots, and began to feel,that ie. was Thomas Jefferson Barnes, the only 3on of .Colonel Barnes of Barnesville. His..dark, thin; .eager face grew more and more jubilant as tho fine fertile lands of the old homestead were passed. Acre after acre of woliard and meadow and woodland were pointed out as the property ot Colonel Barnes, and.presently the jaded horses began to pull up the hill .to tho,tig, square, newly painted mansion tliat crowned its summit. A -crimson flame from the Betting sun burned in each,'u'indow-panc,,a brand-new flag floated from a new llag-6ta£[, and a second portico and observatory had been added to the already fine and bedizened building, A iaw hours later the elder of our pilgrims found himself arrayed in the one extra suit, that he bad worn upon state occasions for an inoredible period of time—a sack coat and pantaloons of blue flannel, and a high military vest; iudeed, the whole appearance of Max smacked of the martial. His skin was bronzed :by exposure; even his hnir had bBen toued by the elements to a dozen different shades of reddish-brown. His shoulders were square, and his big shapely head had a trick of inclining forward upon his beard, which somewhat detraoted from his extraordinary height, but gave him, tho colonel thought,, a Napoleonic air of deliberation and distinction. The colonel was positive that Max had seen some eort of serviec; the stiffness in his leg wa6 immediately accounted for by the fretting of an old wound. Tom humored this faBoy, but begged his father not to mention it in the presence of hia friend, as he was particularly sensitive upon this point. , .."Modest attributes that very commonly beloiig to heroic natures," acquiesced the cplonel. He was standing in his old attitude before the drawing-room grate, Iiis feet far apivt, his hands beneath the tails of his coat. Max was tormented by an idea that the colonel closely resembled a hoary sheep that had been a pensioner upon the mining camp for many.years—tho peculiar triangular shape of his head, which was pointed at the bottom, long and narrow, clean shaven and bald; the expression of the face, bland, timid, deprecating, yet persistent; even the blatant tones of his voice, whioh went beyond Max, and reached small, daintily cressed, neat, and dapper entleman, who had been introduced as Mr. Fry, a prominent lawyer in a neighboring city, and a candidate for the Legislature. ax found his feet sinking into a fine velvet arpet, and above his head the ceiling was rescoed in what he supposed was the prevailng stylo of the day. Chandeliers of crystal hed rivers of light upon striking pictures in orgoous frames, upon the satin, brocatelle, nd ebony of the furniture ; and even as ax's eyes rested upon one of the heavily beaced and upholstered windows that lined the apattiieht; it. ^solved iitSdMhto thethrough "which glided a tall slender girl, with bare fehotfld&s;, and magnifioeht lilaek eyes that rendered tho rest of lifer tape pale by contrast. Hfer eara and neck. arms and fingers,' Max thought, were disfigured by Phairis and rings, and wh6n he took her ont tb dinner; his" stiff leg bocame awkwaj-dly eta tingled in her long train: The wsather-boaten ted- in bis cheeks deepened, and he did'not know liow much he was disconcerted Until Miss America begged-of him not to bsgin to hate' her for the Jiocident. As they wera'loath Max boWod with Boant' and Stiff courtesy, and wonderPd' libw this young woman vrith the ridiculous narne of America coaid fce the little sister that Tom so kdpred. She talked too muoh, and as if she had known Max for years (which she had, in truth, through her brother's letters) v she'was overdressed and too handsome,' and too conscious 'of -a 'loveliness that Max never coiild admire;'she was able hrstars'aleUpw out of Countenance, ahd it was very difficult to take up -the thread of conventional obitohat when one' had "been buried-in th'eheart'of a canon for'five years, whioh any sensible girl would know, and not stare, and not chatter. "Of the Goddess of Liberty Style," Max said, scornfully, toliimielf. Ho was puE&lPd; to keep up with the routine of the meal, which was. not only in courses, but sorted with too 'Ihany Bilver and cut-glass ttbeompanimcnts for the simple convenience ot Max Beling. The variety of forks alone bccame a study to him. If America could only have known tho cause of his .vexation and abstraction, it might have saVed her a deal of: futtlre trouble; -she would have begun by pitying him, perhaps despising him; but Tom haa led her to form an axalted i conception of his friend's character, which her own extravagant imagination - had completed. When poor Max was puzzling over the peculiar shape of one of his extra -forks, Amerioa thought he was deep in some abstruse problem in metaphysics or mining moohinery; 'in the meanwhile the furtivo and disturbed glances she bestowed upon'him wore interpreted into pity and'ridicule by Max, and eo these two really sympathetic . and congenial'natures misjudged aaoh other. v Nevertheless, each dreamed of the other oil nightanaturalsequence to their disoomfort in each other's society. To Max it took the shape of nightmare. Hedreamed that he was stretched upon the rook for refusing to disclose a state secret, and that the beautiful America, attired in a decollete costume of -alternate stripes of red, white, and blue bunting, presided at the instrument of torture. He awoke to find that his leg was becoming the theatre of some positive suffering. It was sore to the touch just below the knee, and tho red spot which had formed there was inoreasing in size. In spite of every effort to the contrary he was compelled to relinquish his desire to walk over the estate after breakfast, and to accept the ignominious alternative of a drive in Amcrioa's pony-phaeton. He felt bigger; than the pony and heavier 1 than the phaeton, and what witn a vague uneasiness about his leg, and the.piBsenee of the lady executioner in his dream, he was, in no hunlour to enjoy the drive. He v^as'relieved, however, to find that America did not begin to chatter, and that she wore a quiet sensible sort of suit .buttoned up to the throat, with hat of soiuo neutral color to match. Her hair was brushed back and cangbt in a simple knot in her neck, so that, as she drove, Max could readily admire the exquisite proportions of her head. The morning was fine end breezy; the pony, seemingly undisturbed by hia extra load trotted chceringly along, shalung his shaggy mane, and making a merry rattle with his hoofs on the excellently conditioned road. The village was left speedily behind and they soon entered a woodland path where in the nude branches of the trees premature .and amatory songsters were already prospecting for nests. The moss about the old gnarled roots looked fresh anid green and in a sheltered npokMax pointcdout to America the first vio-L lets of the season. She .threw him the reins, and,,as she came back to Max and gave the frail'blossomsto his keeping, he began to thaw with the rest of nature, and to talk in a way that was new to Amcrica, but delightful. At first she thought he was trying to suit himself to subjects that she could understand, his discourse was so simple and natural; but she soon gave up conjecturing, and yielding herself to tho enjoyment of the hour, became as natural and as simple as himself. In. this way they grow to understand each other,before many miles had been trotted over, and Max now fully at his ease and wiih a strtnge Bense of happiness hitherto unknown to him, even went so far as to tell her of his dream of the night before. "I assure you, Miss Barnes," he said, " you really did give an extra screw to the torturo with your own hands. lean feel it iu this miserable joint,of mine .yet." She looked upon Max with an expression of such sweet compassion that he hastened to add; " I'm glad of the extra wrench that disabled me; for. otherwise I should have been trudging over bald and boggy fieldB with your father and Tom, instead of exploring this exquisite bit of woodland with ypp," " It is strange, but I also dreamed of you," said America, gravely. " Oh, did you, indeed ? Well, be as frank as I was, and tell mo of your dream," " It was too ridiculous," said America j and Max saw tho color creep into her' "clear pale check. To his'coqfusio», hc /elt his own boginning to tingle.' " Could it have boon more ridiculous than mine ? " he said gently, " In another way," she replied. " I dreamed that you rescued mcfromsomethinghorrible." Here she blushed deeper, and paused. " A dragon?" said Max, with ill-conccalcd curiosity. And she replied that it was not a dragon; and by that time they were trotting up the avenue of poplars, and soon Max saw her disappear up the broad staircase. Tom was coming do™. Max saw that he was pale and disturbed. " I must have a talk with you," said Tom : I I let's take a turn about the grounds." Then, noticing that Max limped painfully, "The devil I" he "exclaimed'; "that's another confounded nuisance that must be seen to at once." Then he took Max's arm, and helpod him up thoBtairs to the guest- chamber he had slept, in the-night before. Tom shut and barred the door, and coming close toMiis friend, who had thrown himself with an air of exhaustion into an arm-chair, he said, in a tone of suppressed wrath and disappointment; " There's no hope here, Max—nothing but a hodge-podge of ruin and desolation. My father is next door to a begger."" Max bore this news with resignation. He had been thinking while limping up the stairs that all that spoiled America was the natural meretricious consequence of being rich. " I spoke to my father," continued Tom, right after breakfast, determining to have the thing settled at once, and he confessed to me that it is merely hanging on by q thread so far as he'is concerned—that everything is mortgaged to the hub, and the depreciation in real estate has made most of the mortgages fairly cover the property. Itis only the peculiar a;:d lucky relation thai this little sharper of a Fry liold^ to the family that saves everything from going to the hammer. Fry holds all the mortgages, aud is lenient about the interest, as well he may be. He's got Bome money himself, and has the handling ot i quantity more tlirough a rich old grandmother out West. When he marries Merry, this whole property will come into his hands." " When he what ?" said Max, suddenly leaping out of a sort ot lethargy that had crept over him. " Whpn he marries America, my sister," slid Tom. " Fortdbstely tot ffly fath'er IitS keep the tool! Hft "bay 1 . : It's a luc] ;Meriy sho's apt ^he'tifi'd b! gL.-„ wifii 'pjSverjy." Shell sijo" to my father tijd Aunt,15in. ' AB fortue, the pick aid Sari of fe minor-^T Bdt what'iri 'tlroita&-4iqrlf" : fefta," mrboyl"' ",'' •'.,•'"' , ' ' . . Mai'was sliSJring 'arid shattering in a congelflvi chill j his ftcs 1 was'Jtvi->; h{£ riiiils jpflifile. ' T6'm got His friend to bed, find sent for* doctor at ohce. Malt scrambled out of the hliill into a level - . ' ,' - • ••>'' .'"Sbnie trpuble with • the' bone,"'jSald the dbiitor. Brings ahout-Bnaaty cbmnlicatipn sonietfmfes. Keep the patient qtii^t just now." Which'was easier recommended than Hone. Max tossed^ and tumbled and talked vrildly,' and with An Unnecessary form of patriotism, Tom thought,' ahoht America and the Goddess of liberty.- ; ' ''',' "; " ' 1 "Til save her, Tom,", 'whispered Max— ".ni save her ii I 1 'die for it. I did onoe, yon know." •'•"• " Save who, ray poor Max ? " skid Tim."- 'Why' the Go'ddeab';- you' Itnbw—the fcrofi. desil of Liberty 1, She's tpnnhg the screws' again in that acetirsed tfcck. but Bhe don't know it: Who wpnld have' beiieved she cotild' have-been so siAple and wojiiimly and sweet 1 ? —as fresh and pure, before Heaven,.'Tom,.las the Violets 6he held in hat Jiaqd. I JiatedJier fcf'g&U;^tttio Mrlof'JtM.I'UA ail ihose , gewgiws about her." - " Tom saw thit his 'suter'a-fimi''Warred''ihd pale by turns. " PeHiaps yo'tfd'hatm 'go out of^the room, Merry," h(i said. V Gpd only kiiows what ianisies bo'set Iiis Twain!" Merry thought ishe knew'; she fancied she could toll of a certain yenefian ytae that held the feiy. violets Max rkvfed jibout , : ' ' ""' • The violets in the Verietiiti'vase were dead: others had taker! 'their place; MarQii' ripened into April, and April was fast verging to Mky, ana-still poor _Max was a prisoner,in that firle luxtirioife tipper chjamher r iii thii' colonel's hodse' fat Barnesville.' Ifis leg had all thffi, time ]iben under treatment, 1 pnd ^tbe doctor! thought' it possible'^ a /series 'tit probin|B and opplicahons to'effect a temporaty pure.' " The core of the disease win prpbatdy remain: for a longer period, 11 said the phySoian," hut tho physique ol'the patient 'will' brihg.'hiin round when hp can feet sirand exercise." " Mat 1 ? fine physique, however, began to'be rather against him than, in , his favor. The' doctor leaned to the' opinion 'that he would prefer a more sanguine temperament. Iii the meanwhile the most of Misb America's time was spent in the vicinity of the sick-chambei. A wonderful aptitude as a nurse had developed itself in this versatile yonng woman, and she had even shown a tare ability in concocting broths and dainties to tempt a jaded appetite. As haual, she devoted herself to this new. hobby with enthusiasm. " She gives her whole hcaVt to everything she undertakes," Bald the "colonel, apologetically, to a visitor who had called several times and f&und; it impossible to see the daughter of the house; " but this mania will spend itself like all the rest, and then she won't want to hear of a sick person for a twelvemonth."' , The colonel's auditor smiled complacently, and began to talk of other things. Although there was something amounting to a betrothal between himself and the lady in question, his mind also was preoccupied and absorbed. An unlooked-for complication had arisen in his own affairs. His grandmother had Altered . her will; and left more than two-thirds of her property in a way Tthat might occasion Mr. Fry .considerable trouble. He was compelled t* so out and see the old lady, and had called to bid Merry a brief farewell. , Under these circumstances the young woman consented to comc down. She left the hot hand of Ma? and his. e^ger, devouring eyes, for the cool, clammy palm' and 0ie : foxy .gaze of her promised hbsbatid.' Merry found, as they stood together, that she really was a half head taller than Mr. Fry, as Max had once laughingly told her. She looked down upon the dapper little man with grave courtesy, and left her hand in his own, but he saw that her manner was constrained and her attention wandering. ' "I won't keep you from your studies, America," he said-; " I'm in somewhat of a hurry myself; I must catch Hie'noon train." Then he went on to tpjl her that his interests with his grandmother were seriously threatened, and his presence was necessary out there fojr a short period; that he would write, and he hoped she would find time to reply. America promised she would write, and began for the first time -since their engagement to find it absolutely repugnant to.'hcr to have his thin lips touch her own. He was ordinarily a cold, unimpassioned "wooer, and was not a whit warmer now than usual; hut custpm required that he should kiss her good-bye." America yielded to the brief caress, but it was pnly when he was well out on tho portico, with his hat on, and barely time to catch the train, that her manner warmed to the occasion or the impatient crimson abated in her cheeks. On her way back to Max's chamber she stopped in her own, and laved her face, her lips, and washed well her hands. She met the doctor in Hie corridor, and behind him was evidently' another professional gentleman. They both walked gravely and silently down the 6tairs to the lower hall, "where the oolonel was pacing to and fro, his hands beneath his coat tails. Ahem 1 "{coiighod the colonel, sympalhet. ically. " What is tho ultimatum ? " "Just as I said," replied the family physician : an amputation is neoessary to save the patient's life; but he objects—strenuously and -violently refuses." Merry ran up the stairs without waiting to hoar more, and found her brother Tom sitting by the bedside, his face buried in hia hands. " Here is your sister,' Tom," said Max, with a warning inflection in his voioe, and holding out his hand to the young girl with his usual clieery Emile. " You needn't try to conceal anything from le," she said. " I know all about it; I am studying medicine and surgery, and mean to be a physician. Now that the worst has come, we can meet it bravely. You'll get well and strong, and be yourself again, Max; and, after all, an old Eoldier surely don't mind the loss of a leg." Then Tom, seeing a look of distress in Max's face, told Meny for the first time of the rescue of the old woman. If she had been young, or even pretty," groaned Tom; " but she was a veritable witch—thete was something uncanny in her wholo appearance, and no doubt she held an infectious curse about her. Her old bones mightt -.better have been ground to powder than to have brought all this about, for die hadn't long to live in any case ; hut Max was always reckless." " You'd have done the same thing," said Max, "if I had not anticipated you." "Iwish I had," cried Tom—"I wish tb heaven it was I that had to choose between my leg and my life; the leg would go mighty quick I" 'Your leg is of less consequence to you, perhaps, and your life more," said Max. " The one would be useless to me without the other, and both are of little aocount. You know, Tom, that I havent a relative or friend outside of yourself." Here Tom saw that his sister had reached the door, and was beckoning hvn out of the room. "You must get upon ahorse," die said, when the door was closed v,pon the sick-chamber, " an 4 go down to the city, and bring those doctors hack with you before night. The operation must be performed at once j and tell them • ; e O F A F O W TT F s o h h i g i e m b h w n f w w l a c e t g h a i w t e T h u s d i a g p p r s t w a to get njoiti doctnrfi if. ncco«ai;y—tp^jpro no expensa Tye—I'vp, gotLnipnsy ,pf .momma's you know, Tom," she stammered, 1 ^gently— " that dear ,mamma left me for myowpi" Tom -nodded. That.pioney. of thplr dead mother'^TOs boun^l to.go, in spme we^ ft'lZi is over. Do you go after.Hip doctors,, tad IU sea'tb Ihe iti^t.* V ' " '••••• '' to'paBB. It seemed to Tomihat the remaining hours ofthat day went by like a queer, awful dream. He remembered bringing the doctors stealthily in, and '.hccpniinn conscious of a faint odor —sicterimg, Bweet, overpowering—that filled . the room immbdtately afteiward, pf'holding hiS sieter tirfht ' in Ws Prms in the adjo?""** chamhor'Mwe spmetl on inside there, an'd dwu,K » sion of his narvei, later on/1, burst fn>tii the lips of poor Mat • 11 ' " GrociotuTGoa r ' he groaned,' "'fehoiie': wofk Wis'this? 1 " ; • .»;* •• rc Aiua* " Minsi" said Merry. " Di&yon;'ilbiBk*I F < would Irt you die?"* " " ' everything ana Convalescence' a whole- disorder'was went by—wei Max lay under t sraxeh and weak-Veined as that" pf a siSk ,! t_ fant, his pyHB -unnaturally bright and 'hoUpir: 1 hii hands f^msh, and fe >*oletis»mt'ltt# s strike terror to' the heaAs eteadfastl j- but",despairingly fond.': nHilos "Lite is sweet, To®," Max sfiid blie' a*y? " I never thought it could Jiold eo mpphhappiness ; but ytra toe, I can't, 4 inuBt'nfet ll^—it would be too oowardly ; there's no-tttheroira/. out of it tut to die.'' Wouliybu Bae^ounih-'' ' ,ble sister tied for life to a pauper and' ple4ithe wife of a one-legged flkg4nan*tway erosiUg,or accompanying his «f with a hurdy-gurdy upona tambourine?! remember' ithe desperate qondition of syour father. 'Mygood Torn.itisahopeless-oaae."' It was along speech iorpoor Max.; Grpati beads started: out on -his forehoad; and tris ; voice had-eank to a whiaper before he washotf - through with:it.' But dt told the -whole stay. "We might lake Merry's money intti'odi-' sideration," saidJTPm,then jiaused, remember-'' ing the ilisuScient quantity thete,was to ttSK'" Tom pliinge'd his.li'ande deeper' Snto'his hair,' 1 arid wjshed there'was a bahK somewh'ere'Tid-.' jacent and he was an A 'l tip.top burglalr wifh.' an elastic cbnwienee. He felt positive rtwt !: only a few thousand dollars would 'develop 1 the mine to Buch ap extent that another leg ' would 'be i.' superfluity to Max. ' "' One magnificent moming in June, Nature was at her happiest, at her best. The long' wipdows of Max^s chamber were, opened ip L the full; the branches of the sycamores tern-, pered the rays of the sun and subdued the-, frolic of.the breeze. A celestial silence reigned • in the garden below, where the tulips blazed, ' the pinks exhaled spioy odors, stiff putems*' of-blossoms were made wanton by bees httd s butterflies, and pale phantoms of statues were' robed and relieved by a prodigality of reflected ooldr and shade; the birds sang, the bees huin-; med, all in an uhder-toneof dreamy cdelight-. i But the palejips of tl&r.; broke into an old. > rhyme that somewhat marred, thn voluptuous of the-moment: - . to think my name is crossed duty's muster-roll— That I may slumber through the clarion call, " . live the joy bf an embodied soul, ree as'aliberatei ghost I • - ^. • 1 ! to feel a life of deed :: as .emptied, out to feea fire of pain that burned bo brief a That fire from orth from tho irrqparable tomb J" Two 1 at each hook his despair, to control htr nerves picked up a paper that had lain upon the table since the previous day. A sealed letter, addressed by the'same hand, remained., there oven longer. They were both from the Western town where'Mr,' Fry was still sojourning. His grandmother ad died in the interim, which palliative calamity threatened further complications ind a loner delay. Merry opened the paper and iread t with he&eycs; alone; the nerve that connectd the organ of vision with her brain was dor-: ant and paralyzed. The advertisements, eing in Iargery print, she read fi^st. Presently er eyes fell upon the following; "If the-tell," brown-whiskered gentleman ho, on the evening of the 18th of .Maroh, ear the depot at , roscned an old lady rom being run over, and immediately afterard, with his companion, took the train oastard; will communicate with H. K. Fry, solicitor, lie will hear of something greatly to Ins dvantage." - - — — Merry read this over several^ times, sometimes repeating the words half-aloud to get their meaning, her eyes gradually gaining intelligence and expression.' Then she turned to the neglected letter end broke the seal. Her hands trembled, and her hps parted eagerly. Bhe drifted over- the letter till she reaped the following passage: " And this, dear America, is the Btory the absurd old lady told; thatwhile crossing the street she stumbled, and a waggon rattling down the hill would have inevitably gone over her had it not been for this tall deliverer, who seized ber in his arms and carried her to the corner; that he was himself struck by the pole of the waggon, but apparently unhurt, took the eastward train. And to mythical knight," added Mr. Fiy, "my 1 ' randmother has left one-half her money ana er share in tho mine. Tho money alone will mountto sixty thouaand,'doliars. But I doubt f he can be found very soon, and in the mean hile I am the executor and administrator of he estate." Merry's eyes had dilated to an enormona xtent; a crimson flame burned in her oheak. he letter and newspaper she clutched in her and, and striding over to Tom, touched him pon the shoulder. Tom looked up and wo& tartled to find this magnificent face glaring * own upon him. Merry thrust the paper I nto his hand, and pointed to the solicitor's dvertisement. Tom read, and the paper bean to rattle in his fingers. Then Meny iu ushed the open letter upon the paper, and ointed to the interesting paragraph. Tom ead, and his face grew pale as oBhes. He hortly arose to his feet, to the ends of his oes, and lifting tho letter above his head, ent pirouetting around the room, singing in n effective undertone this touching retrain: " I got broke at playing poker. Three of a kind 1" This powerful tonic had to be administered to Max in small doses; but wo must refer the reader for thiyequel to this story to an isBue of the BamKvillc Chronicle some months later on. It was a lengthy bit of eloquence, but the pith of it consisted in the information that the bridal excursion of the happy pair—which was in rather a barren direction for a convalescent, hojvever—included a suggestive visit to a prosperous mine, and that the sole party who accompanied them was " our. esteemed fellow-townsman Thomas Jefferson Bomes, Esq., the brother of the bride."—Harper't Weekly. ' ' 