The Storyteller. The House of White Shadows.* CHAPTER XXIII. OLD PIERRE LAMONT INDULGES IN LOVE VERSES. BY B.L. FARJEON. Author of "Blade-o'-grass," "Joshua Marvel," "Bread and Cheese and Kisses," "Grif," "London's Heart," &c.; TWO hours before Gautran's unlawful entrance into the Advocate's study there had been a difficulty in getting Piorre Lamont into his bedroom. It was situated on the first floor of the villa, and as ho was unable to walk a step it was necessary that ho should be carried up stairs. His own servant, whose duty it was to wheel him about and attend to his wants, was on the spot, but into Pierre Lamont's head had entered the whim that he would be carried to his room by no other person than Fritz the Fool. The man was sent for, but could not for a long time be found, and it was quite half-an hour before he made his appearance. When ho did so, all the other guests had left the villa ; of those who had come uninvited only Pierre Lamont remained. " Gently, gently, Fritz," said the old lawyer, as he was being carried up the stairs, " my bones arc brittle." "Brittle enough, I should say," rejoined Fritz; "chicken-bones they might be, from the weight of you." " Arc diamonds heavy, fool?" "Ha! ha!" laughed Fritz; "if I had the selling of you, Master Lamont, I should liko to make you the valuer. I should get a rare good price for you at that rate." In the bedroom Pierre Lamont dismissed his own servant, and retained Fritz to assist him to undress. The old lawyer, undressed, was a veritable skeleton; there was not an ounce of superfluous flesh on his shrivelled bones. " What would you have done in tho age of giants ?" asked Fritz, making merry at Pierre Laraont's attenuated appearance. "This would have served," replied Pierre Lamont, tapping his forehead with his fore finger. " I should have contrived so as to be a match for them. Bring that small table close to the bedside. Now place the lamp on it. Put your hands in the tail-pocket of my coat; you will find a handkerchief there." He tied the handkerchief about his head; it was a coloured one, and as the small thin face peeped out of it, brown-skinned and hairless, it looked like the face of a mummy. Fritz gazed at him and laughed immoderately, and Pierre Lamont nodded and nodded at the fool, with a smile of much humour on his face. " Enjoy yourself, fool, enjoy yourself," he said, kindly, "but don't pass your life in laughter; it is destructive of brain power. Are there any books in the room? Look about, Fritz, look about." "For books !" exclaimed Fritz. " People go to bed to sleep." "I go to bed to think," retorted Pierre Lamont, "and read. People are idiots—they don't know how to use the nights." " People are not owls. There are.no .books in the room." " How shall I pass tho night ?" grumbled Pierre Lamont. that drawer; there may be something to read in it." Fritz opened the drawer. It was filled with books. Pierre Lamont uttered a cry of delight. "Bring half-adozenjof them- quick! Now I am happy." He opened the books which Fritz handed to him, and placed them by his side on the bed. They were in various languages—Lavater; Zim mermann; a Latin book on deraonology; poems of Lope de Vega, Klingemann's trage dies ; Italian poems by Zappi, Filicaja, Cas siani, and others. "You understand all these books, Master Lamont ?" "Of course, fool." " What language ia this ?" " Latin." " And this ?" "Spanish?" " And this ?" " Italian. No common mind collected these books, Fritz." " The master that's dead—father of him who sleeps in the next room." "Ha ! ha!" interposed Pierre Lamont, turn ing over the pages as he spoke. "He sleeps there, does he?" "Yes. His father was a great scholar, I've heard." " A various scholar, Fritz, if these books aro an epitome of his ntind. Love, philosophy, gloomy wanderings in dark paths—here we have them all. The light and shadow of life. Which way runs your taste, fool ?" " I love the light, of course. What use in being a fool if you <lon't taUc advantage of your opportunities?" " Wt'll said. Let us indulge a little. These poets are sly rascals. They take unconscion able liberties, and play with women's beauty as other men dare not do." " The sole right of publication in Queensland of The House of White Shadows" has be«n pur chased by the Brisbane Newspaper Company, Fritz's eyes twinkled. "It does not escape oven you, Master Lamont." " What does not escape me, fool ?" " Woman's beauty, Master Lamont." " Have I not eyes in my head and blood in my veins?" asked Pierre Lamont. "It warms me like wine to know that I and the loveliest woman for a hundred miles round are lying under the same roof." Fritz indulged in another fit of laughter, and then exclaimed, " She has caught you too, eh ? Now, who would have thought it ? Two of the cleverest lawyers in the world with one arrow. Beauty is a tine power, Master Lamont—almost as good as being a fool." " I shall lie awake and think of her, and read love-verses. Listen to Zappi, fool. To dream of love is almost as good as enjoying it!" And, in a voice really tender, Pierre Lamont read from the book: A hundred pretty little Loves in fun Wero romping, laughing, rioting, one day. "A hundred!" cried Fritz, chuckling and rubbing his hands. "A hundred—pretty little loves ! If Father Capel were hiding under the bed, his face would grow as long as my arm!" "Wrong, Fritz, wrong. His face would beam, ami he would listen with all his ears for the continuation of the poem." And Pierre Lamont resumed: "Lot's fly a little, now," said ono, "I pray I" "Whither!" "To Beauty's face." "Agreed—'tis done!" Faster than bees to flowers they wing their way To lovoly maids—to mino, the sweetest one, And to her hair and pouting lips they run- Now here, now there, now everywhere, they stray. My love so full of Loves—delightful sight! Two with their torches in her eyes—and two Upon her eyelids, with their bows, alight. A Love, that found no room while there lie flow, Fell down into her bosom with delight— "Who fares tho best?" he cried, "or lor you?"! The picture of this withered old lawyer sitting up in bed, with a coloured handkerchief for a nightcap 'tied round his head, reading these languishing verses in a tender voice, and striving to bring into his wizen features an expression in harmony with them, was truly a comical one. "Why, Master Lamont," said Fritz in ad miration, "you wci'c cut out for a gallant! Had you recited those lines in the drawing room you would have had all the ladies at your feet—supposing," he added with a broad grin, " they had all been blind." "Ah me!" said Pierre Lamont, thfowing aside tho book with a mocking sigh. "Too old—too old, lam afraid." " And shrunken," said Fritz. " It is not to be denied, Fritz—and shrunken." "And ugly." " You stick daggers into one. Yes—and ugly. Ah!" and with simulated wrath he shook his fist in the air; "if I were but my brother tho Advocate, and he were I—eh, Fritz, eh?" Fritz shook his head slowly: "If I were not a fool, I should say I would much rather be as* you are—old, and withered, and ugly, and a cripple—than be standing in the place of your brother the Advocate. And so would you, Master Lamont, for all your love-songs." He gave a sudden gasp. " Did you see that flash of lightning?" " No." " Listen, and you will hear the thunder." " I hear nothing, Fritz." " For all that there's a storm brewing, Master Lamont, and it will break over this house. I shall take care of myself." " I can teach you nothing, fool. Push the lamp a little nearer to me. Give me my waist coat. Here is a gold piece for you. I owe you as much, I think. We will keep our own counsel, Fritz. Good night." " Good night, Master Lamont. lam sorry the trial is over. It was rare fun." Chapter XXIV. Adelaide and dionetta. "Dionetta!" "Yes, my lady." The maid and her mistress were in Adelaide's dressing-room, and Dionetta was brushing her lady's hair, which hung down in rich heavy waves. The Advocate's wife was proud of her hair, and often wished it were the fashion to wear it loose, so that she might prove to men —womim, of course, did not need the proof, they could see with half an eye, as the saying is— that she had no occasion to call in th» aid of art. It took five years off her age when her hair hung over her shoulders, as it was doing now. She smiled at herself in the glass before which she was sitting, and her smile became more joyous as she noted the whiteness of her teeth and the beautiful expression of her mouth. She was never tired of admiring her beauty; it was to her a most precious possession, of which nothing could rob her but time. The idea of growing old was so repugnant to her that she thought of it as little as possible. "To-day is mine," she frequently said to herself, and she had once said to Arthur Bal combe that she wished with all her heart there were no to-morrow. Yes, to-day was hers, and she was beautiful, and, gazing at the reflection of her fair self, she thought that she did not look more than eighteen. "Do you think I do, child?" she asked of Dionetta. "Think you do what, my lady?" inquired Dionetta. Adelaide laughed—a musical child-like laugh —which a man, hearing, would have judged to be an expression of pure innocent delight. She derived pleasure even from this pleasant sound. " I was thinking to myself, and I believed I was speaking aloud. Do you think I look twenty five ?' f " But you arc not so old, my lady." "No—and I don't look it, do I, Dionetta?" "No, indeed, ray lady, not by many years. You look younger than I do." "And you are not eighteen, Dionetta?" " Not yet, my lady." It was really true, and Adelaide's eyes sparkled as she recognised it. She looked younger than her maid, who was in herself ti beauty and young-looking. Certainly, at the particular moment Dionetta's face was very pale, and there was a frightened look in her eyes ; but that would count for very little. "If Arthur could see me now!" she thought, and sighed happily at the wish. "If suddenly in the gliss he .should appear, .standing in the doorway, gazing at me !' Her white arms were bam, and her dressing-gown had fallen from her shoulders. What matter ? Her arms and neck were bare when she was dressed. But she knew that the presentment of herself, as she sat before the glass, would have been, in his eyes, infinitely more attractive than her ap pcarancc in evening costume. " I wonder why it should bo so?" she thought, and smiled again at herself for the wondering—as if she did not know why it should lie so! "I would close my eyes and pretend not to see him, and he would not move, for fear of disturbing me. But if he did happen to take courage, and, thinking I was asleep, steal softly into the room—why then there would be this stupid Dionetta screaming out all of a sudden, and there would be nothing but confusion and worry. It is a wicked, wicked, shame that we can't do exactly as we like in this world. I wish I had the ordering of things." " Dionetta," she said aloud, " I have had a little dream " " I saw you close your eyes for a moment' my lady." " I dreamt I was the most beautiful woman in all the wide world." " You arc, my lady." The words wero uttered in perfect honesty and simplicity. Her mistress was truly the most beautiful woman she had ever seen. "Nonsense, child, nonsense! There are others as fail", although I should not fear to stand beside them. It was only a dream, and this but the commencement of it. I was the most beautiful woman in the world. lam not a poet, and cannot properly describe myself ; nor a painter, else I would show you myself on canvas. I had the handsomest features, the loveliest figure, and a shape that sculptors would have called perfection. Then I had the most exquisite dresses that ever were worn, and everything in that way a woman's heart rould desire. " A happy dream, my lady. " Wait! I had a palace to live in in a land where it was summer the whole year through. Such gardens, Dionetta, and such flowers as one only sees in dreams ! I had rings enough to cover my fingers a dozen times over ; dia monds in profusion for my hair, and neck, and arms—trunks full of them and of old lace, and of the most wonderful jewels the mind can conceive. Would you believe it, child, in apite of all this, I was the most miserable woman in the universe ? " It is hard to believe, ray lady.' " Not when I tell you the reason, Dionetta. I was absolutely alone. There was not a single person near me, old or young—not one to look at me, to envy me, to admire me, to love me. What was the use of beauty, diamonds, flowers, dresses The brightest eyes, the loveliest com plexion, the whitest skin—all were thrown away. It would have been just as well if I had been dressed in rags, and were old and wrinkled, like Pierre Lamont. Now, what I learn from my dream is this—that beauty is not worth the having unless it is admired and loved, and unless other people can see it as well as your self." "Everybody sees that you are beautiful, my lady ; it is spoken of everywhere." " Is it, Dionetta, really now, is it ?" " Yes, my lady. And you are admired and loved." " I think I am, child ; I know I am. So that my dream goes for nothing. A foolish fancy, was it not, Dionetta? but women arc never satisfied. I should never be tired, never, never, of hearing the man I love say—' I love you, I love you. You are the most beautiful, tho dearest, the sweetest.'" She leant forward and looked closely at herself in the glass, and then sank back in her chair and smiled, and half closed her eyes. "Dionetta," she said pre sently, "what makes you so pale?' "It is the Shadow, my lady, that was seen to-night," replied Dionetta in a whisper. " I cannot get it out of my mind." "But you did not see it." " No, ray lady ; but it was there." " You believe in ghosts ?" " Yes, my lady." "You would not have tho courage to go where one was to be seen ?" "Not for all the gold in tho world, my lady." " But the other servants are more courage* ous." "They may be, but they would not dare to go; they said so to-night, all of them." "They have been speaking of it, then ?" "O yes, of scarcely anything else. They know whose spirit it was that appeared." " Whose was it, child ?" " The spirit of Master Arthur's mother." "How do they arrive at this knowledge. Dionetta?" "Do you not sec it yourself, my lady? It is so very plain. For months and months nothing has appeared. Grandmother said to-night that if you had not come to the villa the belief in the Shadow would have died away alto gether." "That is too ridiculous," interrupted Ade laide. " What can / have to do with them ?" "If you had not come," said Dionetta, "grandmother said our young master would not be here. It is because he is in the house, sleeping here for the first night for so many many years, that the spirit of his mother appeared to him." "But your grandmother has told me she does not believe in the shadows." "My lady, I think she is changing her opinion, else she would never have said what she did. It is long since I have seen her so disturbed." Adelaide rose from her chair, the fairest picture of womanhood eyes ever gazed upon—a picture an artist would have contemplated with delight. She stood still for a few moments, her hand resting on her writing-desk. "Your grandmother does not like me, Dionetta." "She has not said so, my lady," said Dionetta, after an awkward pause. " Not directly, child," said Adelaide, " and I have no reason to complain of want of respect in her; but one always knows whether one is really liked or not." "She is old, my lady," murmured Dionetta apologetically, "and has seen very little of ladies." " Neither have you, child. Yet you do not dislike me." " My lady, if I dare to say it, I love you." " There is no daring in it, child. I love to be loved—and I would sooner be loved by the young than ilie old, so I must not grumble. Come here, pretty one. Your ears are like pretty pink shells, nnd deserve something better than those small rings in them. Put these in their place." She took from a jewel case a pair of earrings, turquoise and small diamonds, and with her own hands made the exchange. " O, my lady !" sighed Dionetta, with a rose light ia her face. "They are too grand for me ! What shall I say when people see them ?" The girl's heart was beating quick with ecstasy. She looked at herself in the glass, and uttered a cry of joy. "Say that I gave them to you, because I love you. I never had a maid who pleased me half in much. Does this prove it?" And she ljut her lips to Dionetta's face. The girl's eyes tilled with tears, and she kissed Adelaide's hand in a passion of gratitude. " I love you, Dionctta, because you love me, and because I can trust you." " You can, my lady. I will serve you with all my heart and soul. 15ut I have done nothing for you that any other girl could not have ilone." "Would you like to do something for me that no other can do—that I would trust no other to do ?" "Yes, my lady," eagerly answered Dionetta. " I should be proud." "And you will tell no one?" "Not a soul, my lady, if you command me." "I do command you. It is easy to do— merely to deliver a note, and to say, ' This is from my mistress.'" "O, my lady, that is no task at all. It is so simple." " Simple as it is, I do not wish even your grandmother to hear of it." " She shall not —nor anyperson—l swear it." In the extravagance of her gratitude and joy she kissed a little cross that hung from her neck." "You have made me your friend for life, Dionotta, the best friend you ever had, or ever will have." She sat down to her desk, and on a sheet of notcpaper wrote these words : — Dour Love—l cannot sleep until I wißh you Kood-nitfht, with no horrid pcoplo around us. Ooinc to me immediately, for one minute only. For over and for ever yours.—Adelaide. Placing the sheet of notepaper in an enve lope, she gave it to Dionetta, saying, " Take this note to Mr. Balcombe's room, and give it to him. It is nothing of any importance, but he will be pleased to receive it." Dionetta, marvelling why her lady should place any value upon so slight a service, went upstairs with the note, and returned with the information that Arthur Balcombe was not in his room. " But his door is open, my lady," she said, "and the lamps are burning." " Go, then, again," said Adelaide, '* and place the note on his desk, which stands beneath my portrait. There is no harm, child; he cannot see you as he is not there, and if he were, he would not be angry." Dionetta obeyed without fear, and when she told her mistress that the note was placed where Mr. Balcorabe was sure to see it Adelaide kissed her again, and wished her good night. [to be continued.] 