The Effects of Secular Education. TO THE EDITOR. Sm,-Some time ago I called attention in a sermon to evils inherent in the pseudo-secular system of education. Some imagined my statements were exaggerated. One correspondent of your paper politely hinted that the danger was imaginary, that Victorian affairs did not concern as here, etc. It was only after years of doubting that I came to believe the' general statement myself. I was most re luctant to set about obtaining'evidence confirmatory of casual paragraphs ap pearing in newspapers of which 1 could ] not remember either the name or the | date, knowing well the trouble involved 1 therein. I have done the best I-could with only partial success. I would have been glad'to-day to think that every state ment resulted from wrong impression, and that the danger was unreal. I enquired iii Wagga concerning a case that trans pired there. The answer I obtained was that " a teacher over a school at Yerong Creek, a short, distance from-herb, .was tried here in the Circuit Court. He was convicted and sentenced to death. In passing seutence the judge held out no hope of a reprieve. The death Bentence for-some reason was not carried out,- but was commuted by the Executive into iffi ' prisonmont for life. The case was one of I the most atrocious on record. The judge', characterised it in- very strong language. The whole of the facts connected with the case are matter of public history." I have ascertained n'othing regarding the Beechworth case, about which so many paragraphs have appeared in the news papers a few mouths ago. On February '2nd, 1882, at the Central Criminal Court, Melbourne, the head teacher of IheStat'e school, Kihnore was sentenced to ? £wo years' imprisonment with hard labor for certain otlenses against female pupils. Not only so but the Cabinet requested fViVOia 1 ii'efrlr»oe f.9 tnree justices oi the peace for their treat ment of the case to send in their resigna tion, and reprimanded the Police Magis trate. The document I especially wished . to find was the evidence of one of the officials' of the Education department' before the Royal Commission in Victoria. I read the document some time aijo, aird was perfectly amazed at the number of cases of remoyal of teachers- for offenses of 3?lrindred sort- I applied to the Bishop of Melbourne, the Chairman of the Bible League, for the document. He had it not, but would try to send it. I applied to the Secretary of the Bible Xjeajroe. He-had been'from home, had resigned his office, bad sent on my letter to somebody else". It willbefouud when the bluo book is published. ;I am afraid not sooner. The most remarkable thing was the utter paralysis of the Edu cation Department. Things had gone to such extremes that the conference of Boards of Advice at their last annual meeting passed a resolution declaring that " Boards should be consulted as to the moral characters of teachers prior to ap pointment." Tbey resolved »lso " That the morals and uiaunera <if children at tending State schools should receive more attention than tliev do at oreseut." Dr. Morrison, of the Scotch' College/ declared before tile RoyalCommissioi;-'*I have had a largo aud long experience in giving religious instruction to children. I ha^e taught boys of all religions denomi nations. I am certain that all the : cullies of, which we hear so much are theoretical not practical. They emanate solely from theorists and politicians. If the parents had the settling of this matter they would settle it very quietly and Very effectually in a short space of tune. But, more's the pity, they have never had the opportunity of settling it. ' I have been in the habit of giving religious instruction twice a week to forty Jewish buys and never experienced the slightest difficulty. The exclusion of the Bible has lowered. and is lowering the standard of elucation. If not altered the result will be that boys will grow up incapable of reading with profit a solitary English author of emi nence. All the poets from Chaucer to Teu uyson are full of Biblical references that cannot be understood without, a pre-r v'ious knowledge of the Bible itself. The standard of education is undoubtedly lower now than it was fourteen or fifteen years ago. I attribute this deterioration to the exclusion of the Bible from the. schools. I distincly and emphatically as sert that a system of public instruction cau otily bo satisfactory when.it is' based on educational not political- reasons. In the present instance, we were to usa' all espreBsire vulgarism "sold" by the poli ticians. We never dreamt for a moment that Mr. Wilberforce Stephen contem plated an exclusively secular system." At the time I took up this question of education I was under the impression that the matter was still open for discussion. I never thought of a settlement of th'e question being arrived at so soon. To all intents and purposes the matter is settled."' The deep indignation of a large portion of the community, especially of those parents .that have daughters at school has made a change necessary. Even the Australasian newspaper, so fierce aiid bitter on the side of secularism so long as it had the ghost of :i chance, has veered round. This may be takeu as a sure sign of the end. The failure of the secular system in one colony will discredit it in the other colonies. J. have beeu brought much in contact with teachers. My own experience, speak itig generally, has been of a pleasant kind. None dislike the laxity of the adminis tration more than the teachers them selves. I am, etc., T T> J. U. STEEL. The Manse, Sept. 15. 