THE BOHEMIAN. ON SPIRITUAL MANIFESTATIONS. The reason that I have written so little of late is not that I am Honorary Secretary to the Social Organization Amendment Com pany. The S.O. A.C. does not occupy so very much time, and the duties of the place are much facilitated by the office boy Tommy, who takes down from dictation on his slate the Tolnminous memoranda of the Company, while hiB everlasting lump of barley sugar rolls eternal in his cbeek, apparently as un diminished as the stone of Sisyphus. No; it is not the more serious affairs of life that interrupt the movements of the pen, but the far more engrossing Bohemian distractions, such as those which I have lately suffered at the hands of Lagerbier. Portly, sleek, smiling, and rotund, he has proved a snare to me and others. Wearied with the repetitive rigmaroles of the S.O. A.C., with throwing the round ruler at Tommy, and with excluding the unmusical sounds emanating from the literary pretenders across the passage, I seek in the afternoon the solace of the King Wil iiam-Btreet Literary Club, where, though the aromatic ben? of Ceylon is held in feeble Rolution in tepid water, and the cocoa cup can only be stirred by the young and the athletic, I am allowed by the tender guardians of the place to sooth the ensuing indigestion by inhaling the incense which solaces the great red race of America. There —I mean at the Club, not in America—I glean much delight from the company of the other young men, who profess to obtain there a temporary relaxation from what they pre tend are the labours of the day. In these moments of lassitude Lagerbier has come down upon us. He has found us enfeebled, like the inhabitants of imperial Italy, by the toils and cares of a complex civilization, and lie lias descended upon us like a northern barbarian rushing, bold and rapacious, from his transalpine wilds. lie has done it too often. But at length we have appeased liim and occupied his mind. When he first came down on us he an nounced himself as an enqnirer into spiritual phenomena, and as one who, having enquired, felt it his duty to maukind to lay before them the result of his enquiries, and to set them enquiring too. The pheuomena in question were those which established the capacity of certain spirits of departed human beings to become for a time wholly or par tially en.bodied, and, whether embodied or not, to act upon matter by moving it, writing upon it, &c.; He bad spent year?, he said.'in investigating these phenomena much to the neglect of hiB temporal fortune, and he now felt bound, for the good of mankind, to lay the results before them, aud invito them to satisfy themselves by similar experiments, and to arrive at the same conclusions. I asked him wliy he felt this duty incumbent on him. He said it was to satisfy mankind of the immortality of the soul and lead them to a higher life, and in particular to stay the tide of Nihilism which founded its revolu tionary creed on the doctrine that man did not live after the death of bis earthly body. To anticipate any lengthened unfolding of his views, I then told him that, having read my Bible, I was well con vinced of the immortality of the soul, of the occasional appearance of spirits, and of their having acted on material substances; and that no experiments were needed for satisfaction on these beads, or to guard me from revolutionary doctrines founded upton the contrary conclusion. The Wesley an, the Sloth, aud the Orator, each in his own wa5% deprecated any-further laborious "proof of doctrines bo well established. In* short, we all endeavoured 'to Boothe this apostle ; but it was in vain. Feeling that his' experi ments, when described in general terms, and his objects, when stated in the abstract, foiled to excite attention, his knowledge ■ of human nature prompted: rum to endeavour to interest us by an account of strange pheno mena in detail. And he proceeded to narrate, among other things, how that, in the tore sence of n medium and a few friends, he nod induced the spirit of a courtly lady, by dn equallycourtly ruse, to uncorerherbtae-vemed hand and leave her glove ■ behind her—a glove which, though for a while tangible and kidlike, disappeared in a few hours as mysteriously as it came. He brought tears into our eyes by a story of the spirit of a conscientious conveyancer and equity drafts man, who, on being reminded that imme diately ^ before he quitted the earthly body his clerk had received a guinea for a short conveyance which had never been drawn, was induced to sit down to a table famished with a supply of draft-paper, and in the course of about twenty-five seconds knock off a short, instrument of ten folios, being a release from one joint tenant to another of a dwelling-house and messuage in Alderman bury in fee- simple. The names of the parties and the consideration were exact, the recitals brief but accurate, the operative part suffi cient to carry a county, and the covenants in the ordinary form. You could have heard a pin drop. Lagerbier said, as the ghostly pen went scratching away in the darkness, and when the draft was finished and endorsed with the attorney's name and the reoeipt of the fee. and the lights were lighted, an ex Chancellor stood appalled at the length of the Bpirit's legal memory, and the attorney pronounced the work complete, but la mented -'having fee'd another gentleman in the meanwhile. Lagerbier told several other stories of a like sort, and pre luded each of them by a description of the measures taken to prevent the possibility of deception. Some of us praised the ingenuity of tne experiments, but, at the same time, pointed out that they could add nothing to the ordinary Christian belief on the subject of the spirits of men being immortal and sometimes being allowed to appear, and that while the precautions against deception were laudable they were to a great extent unneces sary, as it would be easier to believe in the ghost than in the deception. We thought this at least would appease him •, but some body unfortunately added the carollary that the voluntary raising of ghosts was a kind of necromancy, and that ghosts were entitled to live undisturbed by men as men hoped to live undisturbed by ghosts. This started Lagerbier again into a further series of alle gations confused with theories, and these provoked the Camel to announce himself an unbeliever in "the whole concern," while practically indifferent as to whether it was true or false. We thought this a favourable opportunity for turning Lagerbier on to the Camel, and did our best but failed. Day after day did Lagerbier preach on, and day after day did we appeal to him, pointing out that, having admitted all his tenets, there was no reason why we should follow his experiments, and again and again we despairingly referred him to the Camel; but all in vain. On he went, like the mountain torrent, and we were like the shepherd waiting to cross till all the water had gone by. Our daily thirty minutes of dissipation were fast becominga daily pain, and ominous enquiries began to be whispered about shifting the Club to another place, when, in a moment of inspiration, Lagerbier fastened upon me. Having admitted so much as I had, he said, I must have had some spiritualistic experiences myself. Silly fellow ! not to have seen long ago that this was the weak point, and to have trotted us all out and sat silent himself. That is what I should do if I were on apostle. I was far too honest to evade the question for a moment, and frankly acknowledged to having attended a stance, which furnished the most striking results. Would I kindly communicate my experiences, Lagerbier asked. Heaving a sigh, I said nothing would give me greater satisfaction, though the re sult, as far as I was concerned, was most painful. The Wesleyan flung away his newspaper; the Sloth wiped his spectacles: the Orator assumed the unwonted attitude of a listener; the Cynic reduced his familiar sneer within the compass of politeness, and all shifted their seats so as to view the narrator as, with a tone of pardonable melancholy, I told the story of The Admiral and the Cheese. It was in a country town on the English border that, after our College dayB were done I resumed my former intimacy with my friend Owen Tudor, a gentleman, a scholar, a large squire and a poet, and—as his name indicates—a Welshman. He had inherited the broad acres and stately mansion of his uncle, the famous Admiral Wade, one of Kelson's heroes, and whose portrait, with his blue coat, white facings and wooden leg, hangs over many a hearth and decorates many a signboard in that part of the border. This inheritance served to enhance the attachment which Tudor, who was an orphan, had from infancy felt for his uncle'H memory, and, though it seems harsh to say so, the young man's affection for the name of his noted relative was so strong as to be almost morbid. .Neglecting many of the practical duties of his life, Tudor allowed the best hours of his leisure to be consumed in collecting anec dotes, manuscripts, and mementos of the gallant Admiral, and spent a good deal of money on the marble statue of the deceased worthy, which decorates the centre of the market town. Just before my arrival at that town Tudor had fallen in with a gang- of spiritualists who infested the neighbourhood. [Here Lagerbier muttered an imprecation on me, but I continued at the request of the Camel an the Cynic.] Having heard thai' doctrines and theories, Tudor conceived the idea that if the Admiral loved him as be loved the Admiral, the latter would take advantage of the spirit circle and appear to his nepnew. There were a few interesting historical de tails, Tudor said, which the interview might help to elucidate; and he asked my advice on the subject and, ultimately, my concurrence at the s6ance. I do not wish to intrude my views on these meetings,_ and it will lie enough to say that, though in the main ad verse to them, I consented, under the special circumstances, to be present on this occasion in consideration of a distinct Dromise from Tudor that, if he was satisfied that the Ad miral appeared at all, Tudor would never join a spirit circle again. Alas! I little knew liow superfluous was the undertaking which I demanded. To ensure the success of the experiment, I made the acquaintance of the circle with a view of arranging a conclusive test. Now the Admiral, like many another naval hero, had a wooden leg, and, like every other Welshman, was fond of cheese. Founding ourselves upon these data, we constructed an enormous wooden mouse-trap, about nine feet long, and three and a half high. The spring was powerful; the lid shut down with a hideous bang, and, as lor tbe trap Itself, • which had been the task' of a superior work man, paid at donble wages, it reached'a : nicety and exactitude quite unattainable in the instruments used lor the diminution of /domestic rodents. The impact of the lightest leather would set free the powerful spring, and bring down the ponderous gate with the voice of thunder. The evening came. The trap was baited with two pounds of choice double Gloucester; Owen Tuaor drove up in his barouche, with lour greys and postillions; the arrangements were' briefly' explained to him in general terms;, the lights were turned down, the company seated, and tbe stance began. The table was oval. I sat between the doctor, who was our host, and the shoemaker; while ontbeother side sat Owen Tudor, in a state of subdued excitement, between theschoolmaster and an itinerant political agitator. The table soon began to rock violently, and a succession \- of loud raps seemed to threaten its destruc tion. "Is there any spirits present?" asked the shoemaker. The salvo of zaps was re peated. "Will you spell your name?" •'A-d-m-i-r-a-1 W-a-d-e" was the answer, given with a violence and an impatience which threatened to break down the customary telegraphic arrangements. It was an exciting moment. There was just enough light to enable me to see the agitation of poor Tudor. " Do you still retain the tastes and habits of your earthly life ?" asked the shoe maker. Loud rapping demonstrations an nounced the—to us—joyful news that the Admiral did, and, wonderful to say—I dare not demand belief of any one who has not enjoyed similar experience—we heard the alternate stampings of the wooden and the sound leg as the Admiral walked from the end of the room past the table—Tndor and. the political agitator swear that he touched them—towards the cheese ! " Bang!" went the mouse-trap door witha fearful detonation—the shoemaker stakes his honour that he saw the Admiral in the trap—the lights were turned up and the trap examined. The cheeBe had been removed from the stage of the trap, and the rind was peeled off as with a knife! The Admiral was gone. It was now we dis covered for the first time that poor Tudor haa fainted, but we soon restored him; when alas! the doctor, who had the misfortune to be both an Englishman and a wag, passed round the flowing bowl, and, after we had drunk in silence to ' our departed friend," the doctor, with a view of raising Tudor's spirits, began to carol forth a border ballad,— Taffy was a Welshman, Whoi " hose soul was ill at ease; Taffy came to my house To steal a bit of cheese. The result, however, did not correspond to the intention. Moody and silent, Owen Tudor saluted the company, and returned in his coach and four to Wade Hall. He kept bis promise, never again to attend a spirit stance, and he did more, for he never again spoke to me. And thus one of the most pro mising of my youthful friendships has been wrecked upon the rock of spirit test stances. Can you wonder that I discountenance them now ?" Amid the warm applause of my other col-: leagues of the Club, 1 felt my hand grasped in tbe manly palm of the northern barbarian. Lagerbier and I were friends again. He recog nised me as a fellow-worker in spirit apostle ship, and showed me a photograph of a friend who was attended by the spirit of his uncle. The friend went to have his photo graph taken, and the uncle's spirit, par tially embodied, stood by his side ana a little to the front, and was photographed with him. It certainly was very striking: but, in answer to a question as to what I thought of it, I said, in an unguarded moment, that the presence of the spirit seemed to me an "unwarrantable intrusion." Lagerbier's eyes flashed fire, and the rest oi the Club began to tremble. "How do you dare," asked Lagerbier, " to call such a mark of affection by such a name?" " Pardon me," I answered ; "I am not un reasonable. That man went to have his own portrait taken, and ipaid for that and nothing more. There was no bargain that anybody else should be taken withnim, and so the grandmother's intrusion may be taken as a fraud ou the artist; but, quite apart from tliat, if the sitter himself had desired his car nal rescmblauce to be associated with the form of any spirit, he would have chosen his own spirit for the position. The purpose of identification ana the aspirations of honour and of self-love would all of them be better served by such an association." " But surely," asked the Sloth, " no living man has a spirit that can be photographed ? " It is probably the esprit de corps," said the Cynic. " Quite a Jew (Tesprit," added the Camel, with an offensively English accent. "Myfriend," exclaimed Lagerbier,stand ing up and addressing me: "you are- right. Every man has his spirit which is cajjable of distinct perception, contemporaneous with the appearance of his body. It is habitually separate and often quite distinct from the entranced and from the sleeping human being and shows itself to remote eyes which cannot see him, and, even when he is not in either of those states, the spirit is often visible to the eye of the gifted medium, and sometimes envirous and sometimes stands apart from the body. Yes, indeed, it is a grand idea. I welcome you as a co-apostle iu the great work, and as deserving to be handed down to posterity as the author of a new departure in spiritual science. I honour, I embrace you; and I will commemorate this white day, this landmark in the era of light and truth, by taking the photograph of every member of this Club, together with his spirit, if pre sent and visible." As Lagerbier and I once more shook hands aloud applause greeted the generous offer, and all seemed profoundly moved. The Camel cold-bloodidly suggested a written contract. " Let us have one!" shouted Lagerbier; " I will ever wear it next my heart as my proudest patent of nobility." Then there will luve to be a counterpart," growled the Sloth. " You have been in a lawyer's office," said theWeslevan, addressing the Sloth, "sup pose you'draw it up ?" The Sloth took pens and paper. " What shall I nut down ?" he asked, look ing vaguely round the room, amid a roar of laugbter. "Put down this," I "said. "Lagerbier agrees to cause to be photographed separately, in cabinet size, each of the undersigned to gether with his Bpirit if visible and present, and any ghosts accompanying or belonging to him at the price of " " Stop," said the Sloth. " The description of the parcels is most defective, and requires meat nicety of drafting. Allow me—" belong ing to him or usually or of right enjoyed with bimas incorporeal hereditaments and whether conspicuous and apparent or not and whether attendant, appurtenant, orin gross." " 'What's thst ^:KV.o^nr. v the meaning of that gibberish?" asked the Cynic, with a look that would have killed any but the Sloth. Here the Sloth entered into an explanation, which lasted three-quarters of an hour, on the law of incorporeal heriditaments, which seemed to me to have to'do with turves, ferries, dukes, fish, clergymen, millstreams, and a lot of things having no mutual conneef tion in the mind of any man who ' hat not prostituted his intellect to the tonlr muddling study of: the law; after which the Sloth placidly proceeded with the contract, mumbling as he wrote—" whether lying in grant or picscription or not lying at all" (here Lagerbier showed signs of offence, but we held him down) "at the price of— shillings per head for eaoh of the undersigned together with his respective appurtenances aforesaid, if any : Provided that each oi the undersigned may waive or disclaim any "of his appurtenances aforesaid, and require the same to be erased from the photograph." The contract was read out in its entirety and, after the Sloth had rejected, amid voci ferous cheers, a few literary emendations pro-, posed by the IWesleyan, the document was signed by Lagerbier, the Sloth, the Orator, the Smuggler (a new member), the Cynic, the Camel, the "Wesleyan, and the Bohemian. This is how we appeased Lagerbier and occupied his mind. 