OUli IIOBART LETTER. (FROM OUR OWN' CORRESPONDENT.) Tuesday. The outcome of the monster meeting held at the Town Hall last week to con sider the railway policy of the Govern ment is that a very general impression prevails that the ' iron horse ' should fiud its way through all the main centres of the colony. Those sneakers who took a liberal view of the question, and ven tured on an amendment or two, helped to create a healthy discussion. Nor must these be dubbed anti-progressionists since they desired railways, but had the courage to enquire who was to pay for them. It is safe to remark that were railways*'the order of the day, and with their introduc tion increased taxation, the bulk of the populace would be up iu arms in antag onism to such a scheme. Hence, those gentlemen who stood up in crossexamina tion paved tlie way to the why and where fore of the subject under notice. How ever, looking at the brighter side — i.e., 'rail,' without 'railing' at increased bu rdens —those in power must feel gratified at the manner in _ which their policy has been accepted by the citizens. Southerners hail with pleasure the announcement that their Northern brethren are agitating in the same mood, and trust their efforts in this direction will be crowned with success. Petitions to both Houses of Parliament now lie awaiting signatures, and by the time they are ready for presentation hon. members will have ocular demonstration as to whether the colony is still to be designated ' Sleepy Hollow,' or whether its watchword is ' Progress.' t'd modus in vebus. While so much is being said and written concerning rail ways. a word must be spoken in behalf of those districts of the colony where the 'whistle' cannot by any possible means be heard. Take, for instance, tlie Huon, our principal fruit I producing district. The inhabitants want roads, and their request is a legitimate one. Messrs. Bird aud Lucas, the members for Franklin and. King borougli, have worked bard to accomplish the end in view, but the Huoners must take a leaf out of the book of their friends in the capital, and unitedly agitate. Previous to the visit of the Ministers, the Huon was a terra incognita, so to speak. Since then Ministers have shown the ' raspberry growers' some consideration, but not to the extent their requirements demand. However, several sums have been voted for improvements, and in due : time the Huon will be placed on a good footing with other districts of importance. Among the many pressing questions which claimed the attention of Parliament during the week that of setting apart a 6um to improve Fitzroy Reserve, must be regarded the chief from a local stand- 1 point. This reserve — or more appropri ately named rubbish heap — is -situated in one of the most healthy parts of the city. Turning round Barrack Square into Fitz roy Crescent, where Bishop's Court stands, a visitor, or even those resident at the other end of the town, who but 1 frequently 'travel,' sees a fine row j of buildingB in the distance. Curiosity ] prompts him to more closely inspect the additions to this once barren spot. Opposite tills row of fashionably- | built houses, stands this 'eye-sore,' designated the Fitzroy Reserve. Old boots, broken bottles, heaps of rubbish, etc., etc., are deposited here, and have been deposited since goodness knows when. Whoever is responsible — tlie Cor poration or the Government — must feel as much disgusted at the sight as the ..visitor or those residing close by. In marked contra distinction is the Queen's Domain, until but recently for saken by residents and others. The Government deserve unsparing praise for tlieir efforts to improve the Domain, in which they have been highly successful. At convenient situations comfortable and substantial seats haye been put, where children and invalids may find shelter from the sun under the shady eucalypti, or enjoy the cooling sea-breeze. The old quarry nearly abreast of the main entrance to tbe High School has been levelled, and here and there shrubs planted. The whole has a pleasing effect, aud needless to add is much appreciated. Your drapers' assistants have been suc cessful in obtaiuiug the half-holiday, and exertion is being put forth to obtain a like concession here. The thing has been tried over and over again in the South, a ' grasper' here and there upsetting any uuanimous desire that prevailed. It is to be hoped that those opposed to the idea from selfish motives will take a lesson from Launceston tradesmen, so as to prevent being singled out as ' black sheep.' It so often occurs that your Customs receipts are in advance of those at Hobart that people ill the other colonies will be led to ask which of the two towns is the capital ? Our wharves are looking ex tremely bare, aud it is oidy the appear ance in harbour of the steamers that cause any stir. The satisfactory result of the test applied to Mount Nicholas coal will gladden the hearts of householders and proprietors of manufactories, more espe cially if this useful commodity can be supplied at a cheaper rate than now charged for inferior kinds. Coal is at an exorbitant price in Hobart, and numer ous are the hopes that with such promise of an abundant supply heads of families may procure fuel in future at a priee at present only within reach of a/efc. Admirers of football — and tlieir name is legion — were a little disappointed at the match Noitli v. South fallingthrough, although those who journeyed to the Upper Cricket Ground on Saturday were rewarded with witnessing the best contest of the season. The ' Invincibles '' (as your football contributor styles them) had to play their utmost to maintain , theiv presfigc. It is astonishing what a j hold football has taken 011 the citizeu.c. i Decrepit old meii, who would not walk j across the street to look at a cricket match or horse race, find their way out to the Domain aud enjoy the game with the fervor of youth. Youngsters in knicker bockers you meet every day with the 'colors ' hoisted ; a piece of vari-colorcd paper serving the purpose, though iu most instances their colored mottoes do not correspond with any club extant in Tasmania. Additional attraction to the Upper Cricket Ground 011 Saturday afternoon is a view of the game allied lawn tennis. A beautiful asphalt court has been laid out near the ladies' pavilion, and here the members of the S.T.C.A- take part in their favorite winter game. Naturally the game does not excite so much interest as the ' career of the oval,' but it forms an agreeable eidr'act . That reform in the treatment of prisoners, and a suitable building to carry out such reform, is greatly needed no person who has iaken the trouble to make himself acrpMinii d with the exist ing state of our gai'ls will deny. That honorable members who opposed the pro- j position of the Government to erect a J new gaol have not taken this trouble . appears likely, for liad tbey made the necessary inquiry they would have become convinced of the imperative necessity to provide a suitable building hi order to C my out the required reform, and have joined hands with the Ministry in this matter, Tiie evidence of John Swan, Esq., Mr Jones, and Sir Atkins is strongly in favor of tlie measure ; but even their representations of the present state of ihe gaols as regards the means of safe keeping and accommodation for classification are weak as water compared with the actual state of things. The statement that the gaol proper was a secure building has been effectually refuted by the recent exploits of the prisoner Cooper. And when it is con sidered by the honourable members, who oppose the erection of a new gaol, that that part of the gaol in which Cooper was confined at the time he indulged himself | with roaming about the gaol at midnight, is considered the most secure part of the I whole prison, and that at the very time the prisoner Cooper was playing the ghost, lie had the recently executed murderers for next door neighbours, it may be reasonably expected that they will change their minds, not from cap rice, but conviction, and firmly support the proposition to build a new gaol. Had Ogden aud Sutherland been of the Kelly stamp, they would not have re mained iu the gaol without makiug an effort to escape, and such tft'ort, in a'l probability, would have been successful^ and thus have put the colony to an ex penditure that would have gone far to ' build a new gaol, if it be considered what it cost the colony oE Victoria to capture the Kelly gang. Considering the growing prosperity of the colouy, the expenditure of £30,000 or £40,000 for this most desirable and neces=ary object, ought not to be cavilled at. The sale of the present gaols and the giounds on which they stand would cover two- thirds of the expense, and thus reduce the actual expenditure to about £10,000 or £15,000. To spend money ia patching up the present building would be false economy. I might mention that the officials are thoroughly exonerated from ! blame in tlie recent Cooper freak. j 