The policy of the Government relative to the occupation of the pastoral coun try will doubtless receive the early attention of Parliament. The subject is one of paramount im portance, and will require to be care fully considered, for the progress of the colony depends to a great extent on the passing of measures that will tend to the better development of tue country. Reference was made by the Commissioner of Grown Lands, in his speech at the Glare banquet, to the pastoral lands which will shortly fall into the hands of the Government. The subject has doubtless been care fully considered by him, and it is very evident that the Government is really desirous of legislating for the best interests of the country. The question to be considered is whether it will be better to introduce a Bill to allow! the leaseholders who occupy country not very remote from the agricultural hundreds, and whose leases will shortly expire, to surrender them and then take up the land again for a long term, or when such leases expire to have the runs cut up into blocks and put up for competition. The Government seems to favor the small-block system within certain limits where the country is considered good and has been improved by being depastured for a long period. There are also a number of agricultu rists who advocate the cutting up of the runs as the leases expire, to allow of the country being occupied by a new class of settlers who may be designated small squatters. A large number of runs which in the aggregate embrace nearly several thousand square miles would thus be cut up shortly. The annual rental of such country is from 2s (3d to 5s per square mile, and some of the advocates of this cutting-up system estimate that the rental obtain able would be from 30s to 60s per square mile. Even a higher figure has been mentioned. It may answer the purpose of some persons to make calculations of this kind, but the ques tion occurs, Would the lessees be able to fulfil their engagements ? Mr. W. J. McDonald, speaking at the late political meeting at Auburn, referred to a class of persons who would bid almost any amount for small runs, but who when occe in occupation would represent themselves to be in distress, ask to be allowed to surrender, and endeavor to repurchase the lease at a lower rental. The adoption of a course by the legislature that would lead to such results would be fatal to the de velopment of the pastoral interest. It has not been proved that the small-run system will answer, and we think that an area of twenty million acres outside the hundreds is a trifle too large to be experimented upon in the way proposed. If the persons now in possession were, on being allowed to surrender, willing to take up their runs again for a term of fourteen years or longer, and give at least double the rental they have hitherto paid it would be better than cutting up the runs. It would be decidedly unfair for the present leaseholders, who have im proved the country, to be obliged to give up occupation at the expiry of their lease to allow small squatters to take up the land and eventually hold it at as low or even a lower figure than the present lessees may be prepared to give. One advocate of the small runs is sanguine that if the 'Government policy is adopted the country which it is proposed to cut up, instead of giving an annual rent of £25,000 as at present, would return about £500,000. It is most absurd to jump to conclu sions in this way. When the average carrying capabilities of each square mile during good and bad seasons is ascertained, together with the working expenses connected therewith, includ the cost of obtaining water, without which the land could not be occupied, it will be found that the high rent mentioned could not he paid. The lessees of the educational reserves found to their sorrow that they agreed to pay a higher rent than they could afford. The high price covenanted to be paid for much of the agricultural lands' in the North proved the ruin of many, and eventually induced the Parliament to amend the land laws so as to admit of surrender. It is therefore a mistake to advocate the small-run scheme on the ground of greatly increasing the revenue, for such will not be realised. At one time we were partial to a system of com bining the pastoral with the agricul tural interest by leasing in compara tively large blocks, but the country wuere we ueue*cu iuai- wuum appiy has been chiefly taken up for cultiva- ' lion. Many selectors have now ascer- ] tained by experience that very little of , the land they occupy is fit for growing cereals, and their holdings are too I small for pastoral purposes. The out side country is not much. better than a desert, and water fit for the use of stock is not easily obtainable. Under the circumstances the squatters should be liberally dealt with and every in ducement held out to them to fully stock their runs, while the system of taking up runs and not stocking them should not be tolerated. Referring to railway matters some time ago we gave it as our opinion that there was not such a strong opposition amongst hon. members to the Clare and Riverton railway scheme now as when first intro duced. We thought we had good grounds for making euch a statement, although we did not anticipate that the Glare railway would form a part of the Ministerial pro gramme. Neither do we think now that it will receive much attention from the legis lature during the coming session. Our consolation is that the scheme is gradually maturing, and that opposition is on the wane. An attempt was made recently to dash the hopes of the people to the ground, and cause them to abandon further agitation on the matter. The senior member for Wooroora . stated at the ' Auburn political meeting that there was ' not the ghost of a chance of getting a railway to Clare,' as there were not ten members in the House who would vote for it. Such a statement coming from an old member of Parliament, and one, moreover, who was considered by many to favor the scheme, proved very disappointing. The utterances of the hon. member touching the Clare railway pro duced but little impression on us. In deal ing with practical matters it does hot do to allow 'ghosts,' to cloud the judgment, nor to leave to ' chance' what can be accom plished only by persistent agitation. Mr. Treloar by his shrewd and well-put ques tions on railway matters had the effect of cornering the hon. member, and of extort ing the reluctant confession that he had discarded his first love, and that Blyth now occupied the first place in his affections ; but he consoled the Auburn people by eay ing that if the Blyth and Gladstone scheme became defunct he would kindly look after Clare — on the deceased wife's eister prin ciple. Finding that did not take well he reluctantly hinted that he would support both schemes. It is, however, doubtful whether he would be found amongst the ten in the event of a Bill for the construc tion of the Riverton and Clare railway being introduced during the coming session. There were a candor and earnestness in the utterances of the Commissioner of Crown Lands at the Clare banquet on the railway scheme to that town quite refreshing. He considered the requirements of the country rendered it imperative that a railway should be constructed from Riverton to Clare. He promised to give it his hearty support, andj whether a representative of the District of Stanley or not, he would use his utmost endeavors in the furtherance of the scheme. In consequence of the readjustment of the electoral districts it is just possible that the coming session will be a short one. And as Parliament will then be dissolved to allow of a fresh election under the Amended Con stitution Act it might be well to allow tbe Clare railway to stand over till after the general elections. The matter, must, how ever, be kept before the public, and the electors of Stanley and the northern part of Wooroora should make the Riverton and Clare railway a test question with candi dates for the respective districts. We can rely upon Mr. Catt's support even should he represent Gladstone, for he has given us his word to that effect, and that is sufficient. A Deputation. — We are indebted to tbe ? Advertiser for the report of a deputation of Blyth residents who waited on the Com missioner of Crown Land at Clare on Wednesday evening. None of the gentle men who formed the deputation had the courtesy to inform us that the affais was to take place, being apparently afraid that we would report it. The Blyth cor respondent of the Advertiser gives the following particulars : — '* A deputation, consisting of the Blyth District Council and several' residents, waited on tbe Commis sioner of Crown Lands in reference to tbe travelling stock reserve near Blyth, at Gray's Hotel, Clare, previous to the banquet last night, and were introduced by Mr. Howe, M.P., who in a few well-chosen remarks pointed out the hardship of the case, resi dents being liable to an action at law in the event of any of their cattle straying on to the reserve, which bounds the township on one side. Mr. J. Shepherd, Chairman of the Blyth District Council, said that although the stock reserve was in the middle of their district they had no control over it or they would have been happy to have met .the inhabitants in the matter. Having no park landa or other Crown lands in the district that could be used for such a purpose it was a case of hardship that towns people owning a single cow or horse could not run them somewhere in the neighbor hood, Mr. Dunstone, clerk of the council, produced the map 6howing the position of the reserve* to the township. The Com missioner of Crown Lands, iu reply, said that on the first intimation of the matter he ha^L made inquiry and found that the reserve in question had never been gazetted as euch, therefore it enabled him to more easily deal with the matter. He had much pleasure iu informing the deputation that their request would be complied with, and that at an early date it would be handed over to the District Council. Mr. Howe, M.P., on behalf of the deputation, thanked the Commissioner.' Resuscitated. — Old friends frequently turn up with new faces. An Adelaide comic paper gives the following variation of a fact which was published (from a Strang ways Springs correspondent) in the Northern Argus some 13 or 14 years ago : — ' A squatter in the Far North running short of tobacco, dispatched a couple of natives to the nearest neighboring station (some 30 miles distant) asking the loan of a supply. the squatter applied to sent back a pound jf stick tobacco — 18 sticks to the pound — ind with it a kind of advice note. It may [-e expected, * Jackey' and ' Billie' were sorely and severely tried during the return journey. When they a'rriyed at the station, 3ne stick was mysteriously missing. * Why ! liow's this ?' queried the boss,on counting over the sticks : * one short.' * Me no bin takin' one,' with naive assurance answered ' Jackey,' making himself spokesman. ' But you must have taken one,' replied the boss. ' No, Misser Clarke, me no yabberin3 lie ; me no bin' takin' one.' ' Look here, ' Jackey,' this paper tells me that you've been taking one.' ' That one paper yabberin' ? lie, Misser Clarke,' exclaimed the black, with energy ; * he no bin see me takin' one. * Billee' hid that one paper long a busb, he no see me takin' one. Paper yabber him big dam liar !' ' The Hon. G. C. Hawker.— This well known South Australian, who is now in Europe, finding it impossible to return to the colony in time to resume his Parlia mentary duties during the next session as one of the members for Victoria, has placed his resignation in the hands of the Speaker. He has, however, intimated his intention of leaving England before the end of the year in time for the next general election, when he will probably again place his services at the disposal of the electors of the District of Victoria. We understand that the writ for a new election has been issued, and no minations for candidates will be received on June 5. The election will take place on June 15. The Pastoral Country. — A correspon dent writing from Euro Bluff Station in forms us that there have been splendid rains in that locality. The grass is growing fast, and tbe country is looking well. Tree-Planting. — If the Clare Corpora tion intends doing anything this winter in the way of tree-planting along some of the principal streets it is time to set about the work. Some of the streets would be con siderably improved if lined with ornamental trees. From a sanitary point of view trees ate invaluable in a town, and it is to be hoped that the Town Couscil will not over look the matter. At Auburn, Mintaro, and other townships in the North tree-planting has beea attended to by the respective Dis trict Councils, and the young trees are beginning to look well along the streets. The work can be done at a trifling cost, and it is money well spent. The plantations on the Hill River instate are thriving remark ably well. The pines that were first planted along the slopes to the west of the head sta tion have now attained considerable dimen sions, and give an improved appearance to the place. The younger plantations on the lower grounds are also doing well, and we notice that tbe proprietor intends to con siderably extend forest culture on the estate by planting belts of timber along the sides of roads and also in clumps. Were landholders generally .to act on the same principle the appearance of the settled por tion of the country would be greatly changed in the course of a few years. Climatic changes of a beneficial nature might also be brought about by extensive forest culture. Cablk News. — The following London telegrams are from the Adelaide dailies : — The Freeman's Journal asserts that his Holiness the Pope has been misled with reference to the points at issue between the British Government and the Irish people. Mr. Sexton, member for Sligo, adviaea that a deputation ehall wait on the Pope for the purpose of laying the matter clearly before him and enlisting his sympathy on behalf of the National League. — A number of the dynamite faction of Fenians in New York have published threats against the Govern ment, and especially against the Premier, of Canada, Sir John A. McDonald. A large number of Government officials are included in the menace, and it is believed that some attempt is being, made to put. it into execu tion.- — James Fitzharris, one of the men connected with the Phoenix Park murders, was tried on May 16, and sentenced to penal servitude for life. — The Hon J. Shep stone has been unsuccessful in his attempt to dissuade Cetewayo from arming his troops and declaring war. A collision has occurred between the Zulu warriors and the British troops, the result being that Cetewayo was utterly defeated. — The Czar of Russia has warned the foreign guests who have been appointed to attend his coronation ceremony that on account of the activity and determined attitude of the Nihilists it will be dangerous for them to accompany him when making his entry into Moscow.— The Admirality announces that it is intended to dispatch the composite gunboats Raven, 465 tons, 360 horse-power, and Goshawk, 430 tons, 4S0 horse-power, to supersede the schooners which have previously been on the Australian station. The Raven will sail on May 19, and the Goshawk is to follow in about a month. — In consequence of the agitation of the British shipowners for the construction of a second canal, M. de Lesseps has to-day (May 17), formally announced that it is the intention of the Suez Canal Company to construct a second canal in proximity to the existing canal. — James Mullett, E. McCaffrey, Edward O'Brien, William Maroney, and Patrick Delaney were tried in Dublin on May 17, and each was sen tenced to ten years' imprisonment. Thomas Doyle was also tried, and sentenced to five years' imprisonment. The commission for the trial of the prisoners is now at an end. A Break-Down. — The North train from Adelaide on Saturday movniug last broke down at Rivertan and caused a delay of an hour and a half. The accident was caused by the bursting of a tube, by which means the fire was extinguished. The engine being disabled another had to be procured, which caused the delay. The mails did not reach Clare till 2.45 p.m. Dogs in Churches. — Some persons are iu the habit of allowing their dogs to accom pany them to church en Sundays, and when two or three canine pets get together in such a place they frequently annoy the devout portion of the congregation, and amuse those who are mirthfully inclined. On Sunday last the service was somewhat interrupted in tbe Clare Wes leyan Church by a canine intruder. Its erratic movements from pew to pulpit, and the discord it produced by its whining tended greatly to interfere with the solemnity of the service. One of the elders attempted to capture the animal, but it was too wily, and his efforts proved unsuccessful, as no one rendered him any assistance. We should think it is time the admission of dogs into churches was prevented, and the owners of these animals should leave them at home when they attend divine service. Alma Cricket Club. — The following are the batting averages of the Alma Cricket Club for the season just ended : — if 11 p 11 I J. Good .. 15 152* 445 4 40.5 W. C.Dyer.. 7 76 211 1 35.1 Willcox . . 13 83* 370 2 33.7 H. Dyer ..15 49 243 3 22.1 J. P. Dyer . . 14 89 252 2 21 Toseland ..16 77 280 2 20 J. H. Good.. 14 51 216 0 15.6 Pbillis . . 14 17 90 3 8.2 Bureau . . 8 ' 13' ' 58 0 7.2 Stott ..14 19 63 2 5.1 Greensbields 5 11 - 21 1 5.1 Eyre . . 11 13 46 0 4.2 * Not out. Queen's Birthday Meeting. — The first day's racing of the Adelaide Racing Club Birthday Meeting took place on Saturday last, when Lady Carrington won the Handi cap Hurdle Race, Transferred the Trial Handicap, Royal Irishman the. St. Leger Stakes, Hurricane the Champagne Stakes, Transferred the Totalisator Handicap, and Abdallah the Handicap Steeplechase. Railway Traffic.— The following is a summary of traffic on South Australian rail ways for the week ending Saturday, May 5:— Port Hue— Passengers, £1,083 2s lid; goods, £577 6s 8d. North line — Pas sengers, £1,237 16s 7d ; goods, £2,927 Os lid. Hamley Bridge, Wakefield,' Wallaroo, and Snowtown line — PassengerSj £199 4s 6d; goods, £441 17s 2d. Port Pirie, Terowie, and Quorn line — Passengers, £348 12s lid; goods, £405 14a 3d. Great Northern line — Passengers, £242 5s Id ; iroods, £1 ,217 10s 3d. Port Broughton and Barunga line — Passengers, 18s 8d; goods, £1 Is 2d. Passenger ' Returns. — The passenger returns at 1'ort Adelaide tor tue week end ing Saturday, May 12, give a total of 227 inwards, and 265 outwards. Staple Phoduck Returns. — The re turns of the staple produce of the colony exported during the week ending Saturday, May 12, give a total value of £45,365. Produce Exports. — Daring the week ending Saturday, May 12, the total quantity of flour exported was 1,877 tons; wheat, 921 bushels ; bran and pollard, 70 tons. Received — A copy of the Investors' Guardian, published iu Adelaide. The Wallaroo Times says: — A circum stance occurred on Saturday last at Kadina which should act as a warning to those re pairing fowling pieces. A gun was brought to the workshops of Messrs. Horwood & Co., for the purpose of altering the breech slightly in order to fit a new stock. The alteration necessitated heating in the fire, but before doing this the young man in charge of the fire, named William Blewett, was advised by one of the workmen to ascertain whether the gun was loaded. The rnmrnii was nut rinwn thfl hnrrei. nni? as if. went out of sight it was decided that all was safe. A moment or two after it had been placed in the fire, however, there was a loud report and a heavy charge of shot shaved past Blewett's apron and lodged in the wall. It appeared that the rod by which the gun was tested was too short, and thus led to the idea that the gun was not loaded. A second before it went off Blewett was standing in fr nt of the muzzle arranging the fire, and had just shifted his position to blow the bellows, which fortunate circum stance no doubt saved his life. The penny-wise and pound-foolish policy of working railway trains without a proper automatic brake was illustrated in New South Wales the other day. Fifteen trucks containing live stock broke away from an engine near the famous Zigzag, and not withstanding the efforts of tbe guard with the ordinary hand brake they ran into a goods train with great velocity, killing one fireman and injuring auother, and doing immense injury to the rolling, to say nothing of the live, stock. Six young girls have been sentenced in Adelaide to six months in gaol with hard labor for wilfully damaging goods at the Reformatory School. How to Get Sice. — Expose yourself day and night, eat too much without exercise, work too hard without rest, doctor a1! the time, take all the vile nostrums advertised, and then you will want to know 