GHOSTS I KNOW. . BY T?EI BOY. Not more than a day's journey from Melbournro will bring the reader.to'the spot where my ghostly story opens and ends. Situated among the niountains and alonigside a creek-a crfek supplie'd always with 'pure -(l) running water; and not.far from ani hotel fair-famed for cobwebs andlitter, there livesa ivo'man 'aliutter' belioverm i glhosts-wlio would try aild iiake one believe that sio had seen ghosts by the dozen,, and through her the following ghosts havebooeen seen -- :· .. .' - ;:;; : This woman having to go to a storoe for sore culinary article one night, and thei store being about a mile distanit from 'her'lrbod, nod onr the way having' .to pass a spot just suited for ghosts to appear and frighten people, it being a sharp oeurvo in the reed on tit) point of a steep lill,.bounded?ron the up?eor side hby an embnirlrcmnt and on trhe lower, side by .the creek, alluded to, .upon which is plentyof dog-bark scrub, she came trembling.'g long, costing fugitiveo glances to the right', left, and bhohind her, expecting' tosee thld ghosts she had so often scandalized, rand when reaching this spot had got her imnigirinry powers up to the right pitch. It so ,happened at this aomienit a ,\hrite.cat, out.on a,night's ramble; came bounding down the hill, and springing oilffthe bank alighted on the coentre of the road just in' froirt of.. this women. .The cat, perhaps stonished'ant the sudden meet ing,"stood still, erectodlit's tail atabout right' angles, and' glared at the woman. 'rho terrified woman stood for the space of a.few seconds staring at the thing, for her imagination would not allow it to be a cuat, but the longer shoe stared the larger the thing seemed to grow, until it seemed to her to be towering over her, then, with a piercing shriek that rang through. thi gullies anld re- echoed back again, sIhe turned and fled along the road, and -never stopped 'running until she had reaiched a neigh bou's hobise, where she saunk down exhausted.. After the usual restorations were used, that is, " deary me," "what's tie matter," anrd so on, usual in such cases, the neighbour got the information out of her-sheo bhad I soon a real, live ghost, a horrid, nasty, frightful, monstrous ghost. The poor, innocent, unoffending, white cat was tihe causeo of all this The neigrhbour;' owever, did not.tako'it all for gospel, slio being, perhap, of ia stronger .turn of mind, and hoped to see the ghost herself, so as :to isolve'the mystery-if mystery it bd."' Das'sI assed ilit w'oeks before she had her chance of seeing aund believing. Onr night, 'as she was returning home, sinh had to pass this identical spot, but lir mind was ipro'occupioed and not at all thinkinig of ghosts, and she was stopping deoterminedly along. It 'so' happened that a :newly shorn sheep had oiscaped froin 'a neighbor'iing paddock, and, after wanderi.g ai?ilessly 'about had.lnin down to rest close by 'a lish on' thie lower' side of the road of this ghostly spot. The, woman almost walked opposite the sheep before she noticed it, and being a rather 'dark nilght she 'coull not get a clear outline' of 'the 'oject, but; being inquisitive, she direw nearr, and the sheep' thoeroupon rose it's hidl-quarters. The more the' woman stared the more confused hier 4ision got,:&d;!n6ot to be, b'at sho.took another stop n'aror; but the slieop was not agreeable >for nearsi': .rutiny, and 'at' once 'ross "and disappeared.behind tld buslih and from.tloncb' into thel dog bark scrub;: the woman, who had stood stillwhen th he shlle rose and "dlisap. peared behind the rbush: and did not see it go into the sorub, followed round thebush,' but,- lo I th*.thing had gone. The woman went home, and the more she considered aibout it the more she wasi convincedn'ted ftliit -ws 'a-Lwell,' if not'a ghost. what elso. eduld it:have been. So it went' abroard that this woman, too, had 'seen thoighost'' Feior weeks ;after this even strong-mninded. people caught themselves, sawhen passing this spot, looking over their shoulders for 'the 'gliost; and' young' men when escorting their sweethearts hoine and having to pass this .spot,' would boast what they would do if the ghost should appear'annd their sweethearts, believing, wvquld draw. clii?e,'ncith' the protecting arn of their gallant-professing escorts. iTime, however, passed on, and nothing more was 'soon of the ghostiuntil quite recontly, "iwhen two y ousig ladies had to pass this haunted spot at night time, mand wore, of course,, expecting to see thlio ghost;' and 'when just eppo site a tall white guns troorthey saw it., The young Irdias,not bbiing at allinqruisitive, flced up theo road,.nand arrirvtedhonio breathless and said they had seen-- the ghost' Thid" Intter 'ghost happnhed to be a cow-a poaceable, white cow but, of course, the young ladies did not know this. Theso, ily ea? renlaeiare the ghost' I knoib. w There is i iiioral in! this nrr rtivoe which L will leave yous to ;find out.' ' , Shde: "8o yeou oidold not tak?is'ie. to be 201 Wlint would youi tikeo me for,, thlr,l'?ne,, e: .,t, For bstter,' for worse." They aro now keoling house. "A few days 'ago. au little ahildi"gave expression to ani old st!ry inr thei fol lowini'g'niioriei,, It seenuli tathtli' little.fellow lurd discoverehida 'bbi crawlcing riopn Iris huncd Finally the bee stoppeld for a mosIpent, aItid, niftie 'r'ueriiliiinig mlitimidnary for an inRrtreirt, sang the littlo follow, 1Vhdbe thrna ry. of inalrr"smViui orae, thii'little' chikl rihid to Iia miamrnr thlt hIe didn't core for the 'boh's w'rrkli'it'thbout 6n liiru, , huiohe A young.Clrlrinan lady, reeintlyoni a, visit to' tlilHdcountry, alnd who had naund rrpld rigjs~'ru i alqqurrling thi English IurguagO, electrilfied thIe orompanyiyonse. day 'at dinner hby asking for some "pig's mroah," poiltting to a hans, ' 