In the Clouds. A TRUE TALE BY AN EYE-WITNESS. NOVEL SCIENTIFIC DEVELOPMENTS. The following stubborn facts, which have been care- fully collected and substantiated in every particular by one of our most painstaking reporters, are at the present moment perplexing some of the leading philo- sophers of the day, and throw quite a new and lurid light upon a scientific problem which has been food for reflection and debate among clever men and women almost since the world began, and, therefore, long before the first white fellow set foot upon Australian soil. The puzzle here pre- sented is, indeed, difficult of solution — stiffer by far than that great land question which is just now bothering the Government, and convulsing the aggre- gated political intellect of sunny New South Wales. Listen to the wondrous tale as it has been put before us. THE REPORTER'S STORY. Last Monday I was considerably nonplused and regularly out of sorts — dissatisfied with my inner self, and discontented with the outer world. The sun shone merrily, no doubt, and the city sparrows chirped as cheerily, the parrots prated as pertly, and the kookaburras cachinnated as quaintly as of yore. But my spirits were at zero. The town had been quiet, unusually quiet, and dismally dull ; and, in consequence, my note-book, generally so fat and lively, was thinner than even Sara Bernhardt, and emptier than a "whaler" in the back-blocks when he hasn't "sundowned" a "proper sort of a station" for some days. I'd gone my rounds and picked up naught in the way of "news nug- gets." Sydney had, indeed, been most unkind to me that day. No bonanza in the shape of a big "crowner's" inquest was on the tapis. There hadn't been a single beautiful fire anywhere. Nobody seemed to be specially tired of life on that particular Monday, and therefore nobody had consented to suicide. The tram fiend, too, had positively declined to dance one or his wild fan- dangos. There wasn't the least little breath of another rousing slander action — all the law courts were closed. And even the Ministry, which had been such a fund of wealth to me in the past, absolutely refused to burst up or to good-naturedly commit any other sort of "sensation." In a regular Haslem's Creek frame of mind, I trudged disconsolately toward the Redfern railway terminus, where, as good luck would have it, I fell in with my old friend Brown, the guard on the "mountain train," who gave me an item which would have gladdened the heart of the coldest-blooded sub-editor in the world, and deserved "display" in the biggest type and the boldest head- lines which the resources of our office could command. "Anything new up your way, old man ?" I asked, as I glanced at Brown with a forlorn-hope look in my eyes. "Rather, boss. I should smile," was the laconic reply. THE PLOT THICKENS. Brown's yarn was a funny one — as peculiar, in fact, as the ways and the tricks of some of our heathen Mongolian population, and much stranger than the strange intricacies and entanglements of our libel law. And for novelty it knocked as flat as a damper, the great glove fight, or a six days' go-as-you- please for the championship. There was, besides, a weird fascination about the old guard's tale, which beat hollow the most intense and entrancing account of sights seen and deeds done by any of Australia's most intrepid explorers in that great lone land, our Never Never country. But while Brown's tongue wagged, my ever-active mind was transported, quicker'n you can wink, along the railway line, past our pretty, western suburbs, away by the sweet orange-groves of sleepy Parramatta, on through picturesque Penrith, with her English-like home- steads and her verdant plains, right up those beauti- ful Blue Mountains — the scene of so many festive "corroborees" among our holiday makers, the resort of the brain-fagged citizen, the sanatorium of the sick, the talk of the tourist, the haunt of the artist, and the dream of the poet. Among Australian annals 'tis recorded in letters of gold that, 70 years ago, when the dear old Tank Stream was one of Sydney's most precious institutions, and Lands Office clerks were almost an unknown quantity in our social sphere, that historic trio, William Charles Wentworth, Gregory Blaxland and Lieutenant Lawson achieved the heroic feat of crossing "those awful hills." In that primitive period French operas, suburban land sales, evening newspapers, electric lights, tele- phones, and lightning-rods were luxuries as foreign to the colony as street Juggernauts, Town Hall Foundations, and Darling Harbour Resum- tions must be to the happy inhabitants of the moon. Little, therefore, did those three sturdy pioneers dream that the "iron horse" would soon snort over the apparently inaccessible ridges, and tap the fair and fertile fields beyond. This almost superhuman task, however, was accomplished by dint of sheer skill and pluck on the part of our engineers, whose master- piece — the two-zig-zags — now challenges the applause and admiration of the civilised world. Well, gathering up the thread of our story, let us inform the panting populace that between these zig-zags lies the romantic, salubrious, and secluded hamlet of Katoomba. This lovely spot, as nearly every gum- sucker and cornstalk can tell, is 66 miles from Syd- ney, and 3349ft above the sea level. It is famed throughout Australia for its unrivalled situation, its majestic scenery, its mineral wealth, its invigorating and exhilarating air, and, above all, for its grand hotel — one of the most efficiently-managed, elegantly equipped, and superbly-appointed houses of the kind to be met with anywhere. The popular host, Harry Rowell, is a cosmopolitan of the proper stamp, a genial, jolly companion, and a real good fellow. With such rare attractions, it's no wonder that Katoomba is rapidly coming to the front as a haven of rest and a happy retreat for the careworn, the health-seeker, and the picnic - perpetrator. The knowing ones hilariously hail it as a veritable paradise on earth. 'Tis a thing of beauty, whose loveliness always in creases upon closer acquaintance. Its "day out" with the public is fast approaching, and its innings promises to be a very big and prolonged one. But to our story. A GRAND TABLEAU ! A party of well-known and prominent colonists visited Katoomba last Sunday. They were piloted over the district by friend Boweli, and, of course, had to be taken to one of the "sights" of the place — the "observatory platform" on the roof of the Great Western HoteL From that 'vantage point, although the morning was thick and foggy, they obtained what was unanimously acknowledged to be about the most sublime and charming panoramic view of nature any of them had ever witnessed in their large and varied globe-trotting experiences. Amid a hushed and holy calm, these men of the world gazed earnestly across the grand old hills and the deep gullies, cleft here and there by rippling rivulets and noisy torrents, over beetling cliffs and precipi- tous ravines, over mighty forests of health-giving and fragrant eucalypti, until they beheld stretched out before them Sydney, the queen settlement of the sunburnt south, "the shining city of a hundred spires." There, in all its beauty, lay the peerless harbour with its all powerful electric light at the South Head — the only light of the kind this side of the equator — and there, clearly visible to the naked eye, were the smiling waters of the Parramatta, where many a tough aquatic struggle has been lost and won, and on whose breast Hanlan, the world's champion, is expected yet to give Australia a taste of his quality. Away to the right, again, peacefully reposed the premier cricket-ground of the colony, whereon have been fought out, with credit to Australia, some keen international tussles with the bat and the ball. And still farther afield could be discerned the Rand- wick racecourse, where at odd times sporting enthusiasts, may sample really splendid bits of horseflesh. The details of this exquisitely varied and delicately-tinted picture were gradually filled up by the enraptured spectators, who drank in the finished scene with as much gusto and eagerness as a "deadbeat" suspends an eleemosynary "long beer." But still another pleasure was in store for the "sur- prise party." Landlord Rowell, with a merry twinkle in hia eye, invited the hardened Sabbath-breakers to cast their eagle glance in a south-westerly direction, toward earthly elysium No. 2, the celebrated Fish River Caves, about 40 miles off. In that locality was observed the 4000-footer, Mount Binda, snoozing in his hoary mantle of snow. And here was —. But stop ! what is that in the sky? Where? Why, there, right away above the mountain. Evidently a master-hand is at work, for amid the psalm of the gentle breeze, and the liturgy of the singing-waters, the sun suddenly glints forth ; and in the clouds, as if by the stroke of a magician's wand, a colossal tree stands clearly out. Imme- diately to the left of it, a phantom forest appears in the heavens ; and simultaneously an excited "masher" in the party exclaims, "It's that old mirage dodge !" Clearly, this was the true interpretation of the weird and marvellous optical illusion — of that riddle which has so often crazed the weary swagman in the Australian bush, the sailor on the ocean, and the traveller in the arid deserts of Egypt and Persia — of that simple serial enigma which has, thousands of times, mystified the gold-seeker in the Rocky Mountains of America, and flabber- gasted the confiding and peaceful Hanoverian peasant. It now wanted but a few minutes to noon, and while the shadows were playing fantastic tricks with these atmospheric apparitions massive black letters; each bigger, and broader than the Bathurst-street Column, were all at once descried upon a fleecy cloud, which hung directly above the mammoth tree.The letters were at first blurred and illegible ; but, as the sun shone out more brightly, they could have been read with the greatest ease by any tiny three-year-old in our Public schools. And lo! there — plain as a pikestaff— printed in bold relief against the silvery background— were those mystic words — "St. Jacobs Oil conquers pain !" This of itself was well-calculated to raise "spiritual" feelings among the visitors, and no wonder they voted an immediate adjournment below for "sampling" pur- poses. Shortly afterward the group quietly dispersed for luncheon. Among the party had been Mr. T. F. Thompson, the well-known wholesale wine and spirit merchant, of Pitt street, Sydney. That gentleman thoughtfully retired to his beautiful vilia; Coowong, within "coo-ee" of the hotel ; and, having looked again for the extraordinary phenomenon, he beheld it, as vividly as before, from a verandah on his residence. It may be readily imagined that this unwonted prodigy agitated these visitors to Katoomba during the rest of the day, and formed the only topic of conversation among many of the resi- dents. Mr. J. H. Neale, one of our oldest and wealthiest colonists, a honorary magistrate, and an ex-member of the Legislative Assembly of New South Wales, was also one of the party. He had recently returned from a trip round the world, and he knows the high esteem in which St. Jacobs Oil is held throughout Europe and the United States; and he testified to the medals and honours won by that great German remedy in almost every clime. DENOUEMENT. Those who had worshipped at 'Nature's high altar' with such astounding results, made tracks for town on Monday morning. In the smoking-car of the train some of the party encountered a gentleman who had just come down from the Fish Eiver Caves; and he glibly related how some 'cute Yankee had been discounting nature in the Binda district by having painted in 30ft job-type letters upon one of the highest cliffs, the legend — ' St. Jacobs Oil Conquers Pain ! ' Mr. T. F. Thompson, who knows something about the theories of reflection and refraction, at once jumped to the conclusion that a 'new departure' in optios had taken place; and one of onr leading merchant princes was so struck with the novelty* of the idea that immediately on his arrival in Sydney he communicated the ' dis covery' to some of the skilled lofial scientists for strict investigation, with the view, as he said, of saving the heavy outlay incurred by his firm every year for newspaper advertising. He has also cabled a succinct account of the whole affair to John Tyndall and B. A. Proctor, in London, and to Mr. Wiggins, the eminent Canadian storm prophet. In addition, a special courier has been dispatched to 2\ew Guinea, to annex Professor Denton, who is un derstood to have a thorough knowledge of the Fish Eiver Caves and their surroundings. Doubtless, those learned pandits on the earth and the atmosphere will shortly^ 'a tale unfold,' which should dispel all scepticism respecting this performance in mid-air. The aforesaid local scientists — it may be observed parenthetically — have ' slept over ' the phenomenon for several nights, and are entirely ' in the clouds.' Whether or not this new ' poser ' will ever be elucidated, time alone can show. It is to be ear nestly 'hoped, however, that such a splendid etherial conundrum will not remain a 'crasher' for all time, like those bits of local romance, tbe Leichhardt, Bermagui, and Coonanbara mysteries,the Kiama Ghost; and the Stabbing Man. So far as the affair has gone, it is certainly a hopeful emblem and an omen of the brightest promise for the spirited and enterprising proprietors of the article in question the wonderful properties of which are now causing so much favourable comment among the Press and people of this rising continent. And, in conclusion, there is reason to believe that this circumstantial narrative will be read with no little degree of in terest by all true students of nature throughout the length and breadth of Australasia. THE EEPOETEE WINDS UP. I had long regarded Brown as a perfect ' mine ' of knowledge. But I ntfw feit that I had ' struck oil' indeed. Having ' shouted ' most affably for Brown, I proceeded to verify the details of his narrative. And this was an easy task. All the gentlemen whom I interviewed were brimful of information upon the subject, and seemed most; anxious to impart the fullest particulars to me. Thus the affair has been quite a labour of love. But perhaps Ithe most interesting feature about the case is that ever sinco that memorable Sunday Mr. Boweli, the boniface at Katoomba, who sometime ago personally experienced the power of this prince of modern pain-enrers, has been proclaiming St. Jacob's Oil as the panacea for the various ailments for which it is recommended. With his usual good nature, he has been administer ing the remedy to all sufferers who have come within the range of his observation ; and several very remarkable cures have been effected, the most important being that of a prominent Government official of this colony. Mr. Boweli declares h\s belief that that emblem in the clouds, visible from hia hotel, presages most rosy times for his house. There are many lucky people in tho world who have ' never felt a wound.' To such these truths may appear like ' trifles, light as air ;' bat the weary and afflicted sufferer in our midst will hail them like ' confirmations strong as proofs of holy writ,' and take action accordingly. I returned to the office in that condition ascribed to a certain well-known brand of cocoa — grateful and comforting. And on handing in my ' copy' I was en abled to witness a second extraordinary natural phenomenon — the 6H,b-editor's fierce frown trans muted like a lightning flash into the sweetest of smiles. Assuredly — as Brown observed when I at first discredited his thrilling story — There are more things in Heaven and earth, Horatio, ? Than are dreamt of in your philosophy. 