SCIENCE AND RELIGION. Judge Higinbotham, Dr. Nish and Mr. W. Turner. (To the Editor of the, Aitir.rtiscr. ) Sir,—It is with oxtremo ditlidcnco that I assay to olfor any remarks upon tlio controversy be tween theseloarned gentlemen, especially as 1 liavo to allirm 1 differ in some things from them all. It is not possiblo for 1110 to follow them in all their nieanderings. Tho judge commands by his learn ing, character and position, tho respect of all intelligent colonists, and indeed tho country has much to bo proud of in possessing such a man; In his calling, perhaps, ho is without a poor in tho land; when, however, ho loaves that for the arona of religions controversy, it requires no formidable antagonist to meet him. A quotation on tho religious point of controversy semo months since on the system required in State schools at onco reveal tho incongruous ideas of tho learned judge and their utter impracticability. Referring to a system of religious instruction that should be formulated by tho clergy or all tho sects, he says : —"The proposed system of religious instruction shall be laid upon lines not less broad than tho Christian religion, and that it shall represent tho common faith, and nothing mora than tho common faith, of every church or sect whatsoever of this professing Christian community. Tho child of tho Roman Catholic and tho Unitarian must both be able to be taught together the same, truth, at the same time by the same teacher, without offence to the widely different inherited belief of the parents of either." Tho italics are mine. This ought to bo imllieiont to show that a man of much less matured thought and ability could copo witli tho judge in these matters without groat ditliculty, and that tho doctor has accomplished his undertaking. His attack on the ministers of religion, as a body in capable of understanding, accepting, reconciling and teaching scientilic truths with religion, as if they really clashed with each other, is a mistake that more than Mr. Higinbotham has fallen into; and few have made a greater than Mr. Wm. Turner, especially in his unhappy quotations to support himself. I hesitate not to say that tho libraries of ministers generally possess a greater variety of literature than any other class of men in existence, and contain works that no lawyer or scientist, or scarcely any other, but that of a Christian scientist could furnish. It is wonderful that many good people forget that the intelli gence of laymen demands intelligence in their minister, and knowing and feeling this, in order—to use a hackneyed term—to keep abreast of tho times, no expense is spared, 110 time, or energy, or application is considered too great to accomplish their desire. Here, in fact, the secret is out; why men of intelligence of all classes, led to expect tho results tho preaching of tho Gospel promise, but failing to see them, alternately, as it may suit their mood or purpose, affirm tho failuro of tho Christian religion or the imcompotency of its ministers. I have, after all, much sympathy with many of these ignorant wise men, for whilst the guilt of their ignorance must ever remain, yet the sham of tho now-a-day pulpit has doubtless alienated large numbers from hearing its messago. The fault, however, is not in their lack of intelli gence, as we have noticed; but, alas, in failing to keep their piety abreast of their intelligence. Whilst they have " given diligence to reading" and study, they have lacked in prayers, in tears, in burning sympathy for tho perishing, in talking with God more than with men, and in being deeply, and sweetly, and fully imbued with the spirit and dis position of their master ; herein is tho lack, and not in learning, and hence tho failure. And this I presume is tho acknowledgment of Dr. Nish respecting their " lukewarmness." Tho quotations of Mr. Turner from Professor Mahaffy among which is that, " Our preachers as a body are bolow oven tho average of intellect," displays an incom potency to judge not often seen in intellectual men. That there are ministers, or men occupying their places, " below the average" capacity is readily ad mitted, but then these doubtless came from such preacher-manufactories as Professor Mahaffy's, whoso officials were in no wise superior to himself; The idea of spending " a whole term" on " eight students," at the end of which it was found " that thoy had made no advance whatever, for that none of thorn wero ablo to follow an argument!" Our conclusion from this acknowledgment is, that if tho students wore dull, tho tutor was duller, in either being incapable of discerning in " a whole term" tho incapacity of his learners—but they did not learn—or of perspicuity in presenting his statements. Tho doctor, while keeping within his own province, over-matches tho judge, but when he leaves the " Thus saith tho Liord," and endeavors to meet his opponents' " vain babblings and oppo sitions of scienco, falsely so callod" (1st Timothy, 6 chapt., 20 verse), with the same big talk, ho becomes as tame as tho judge. The mere specula tive big figures of ho doctor and bigger ones of the judge goes for nothing with "intelligent lay men," but must be rather more amusing to see two " great minds," like inexperts at swimming, floundering about out of their depth with not oven a bit of sand bank to touch with their big too. Wu neither discard or are scarod with tlio bigness of phenomenon or figures in science that point with unerring exactness to a thrilling conclusion, but when there is dis played a lot of emptiness in the use of big talk ami bigger figures respecting the earth's geological for mation and tho period of its being inhabited by man, as if we were ill tho dark on this point, and all under tho guiso of very tall learning, " intelli-; gent laymen " can "accept" tho theory of neither minister nor lawyer, but rather smile at their lame endeavors to convince. Dr. Nish was unfortunate . in affirming that " death was than introduced as tho wages of sin; but death,as a tribute due to nature, had reigned over since created being was, quickened into life." If " by one man sin entered into tho world, and death by sin," how could " death be a tribute due to nature '!" and how could it have reigned from tho beginning—seeing we have no scriptural data for tho idea—if there was no trace of death coeval with Adam's state of in nocence? "O, yes, but geological evidence"—this I shall deal with presently. I simply have to say: to all scientists who accept tho Biblo as tho word and revealed will of God that any theory on such; points not conclusively established by scriptural teaching is merely speculative, and perhaps dan gerously so to weak heads, who are even more ready to grasp at something shadowy and intan gible than reality, because it assumes tho semblance of learning. That the earth existed before Adam's creation is perfectly scriptural, and that it produces fossil remains, and consequently proves tho fact of daath of animals long before that period, is perfectly geological; and that tho earth may have existed as far back as tho big figures of the doctor and farther still as those of the judge, we do not deny, but we see no reason or necessity to go into such big figures, as we receive in common all that needs to be contended for. That the earth may have been, and doubtless was, inhabited prior to Adam's era, we may safely premise, but that the present species of man--whatever the nature of animal life may have existed—was the occupier is an outrage upon both God and man. And for a man professedly believ ing in the scriptures to raise the doctrine of evolu tion, and the theory especially of man's gradual elevation from the lower to tho highest point of moral oxcellence, apart from tho provision of God by His Son Jesus Christ, is alike preposterous and conflicting with tho scripture with common sense, and daily as well as epochal facts. "They shall wax worse and worse, deceiving and being de ceived," " professing themselves to be wise they became fools." And apart from tho influences of Christian teaching and society, every man, conscious or unconscious of the fact, is worse to-day than he was yesterday, and tho tendencies to deteriorate instead of ascending in tho scale of moral of excellence is everywhere observable. Respecting tho former inhabitants of tho earth, whilst it is speculative, I conceive it to be not an improbable fact that He who is now tho " Prince of the power of tho air," and "God of this world," with his numberless allegiants, may have once dwelt hap pily together on this now bewildered star, with all immaginable species of animal life, but for their unaccountable folly and rebellion were cast out into " the lake of fire prepared for tho (then) devil and his angels;" and that not only were the of fenders obnoxious to the wrath of Jehovah, but the scene of the offence also, and hence the de struction of all life with its physical beauty, and all its dark chaotic desolations, until it pleased God to re-create, replenish, and re-populate according to tho Mosaic satisfactory account. That something of this nature must have occurred is evident from tho appearance of fossils of anterior ages; and what is there objectionable in this theory ? That those beings exist no intelligible Christian disbelieves, and that although tho general Christian belief is that they were cast out of Heaven, the immediate abode or God and tho holy angels, there is not a shade of scriptural proof for it, but simply that "they kept not their first estate;" that estate, therefore, or their place of abode, may reasonably be conceived to be this earth. Certain it is that the consequences we supposed to have followed their sin, actually in principle, followed the guilt of the Antediluvian world by water, and is again soon to follow tho guilt of this and following generations, in its destruction by fire, and tho Apostle closely connects the whole of these terrible events in the argument (2,Peter, chapters 2 and 3). And then finally, to end the long course of sin and its perpetuation in human flesh, and its consequent awful judgments at tho close of "the thousand years" of milleniai glory in the "new Heaven and the new earth," re-created after the conflagration, it shall " flee away "—the earth and the Heaven —"and there shall be found noplace for them." Here is reljable scriptural data, which we presume is authoritative—that is, the scripture—with all concerned in this controversy, but if they are not a little plain dealing on the part of those who reject this authority absolutely, in making it known, would end all con troversy on the matter between tho Christian believer and the Athiest, as continuing it would be mere " beating tho air." The intelligent Christian accepts as fully, and as eagerly also, notwithstand ingt he libellous imputations to the contrary, of every accurate revelation of science of the works of God, as tho profoundest scientist, well knowing there cannot possibly be any discrepancy between the clearest and minutest revelations of the works and will or mind of God. And we challenge one single proof to tho contrary of this statement by our traducers. Mere assertions and suppositions is empty talk, and can only raise the ridicule or pity of the intelligent student. Mr. Turner asks—" Is God dishonored or shorn of His glory by discrediting the Mosaic account?" Unequivocally, we answer yes. This account teaches that " the seventh day," following the sixth of creation, is precisely of the same nature in duration and quality, excepting its sanctity as a diiy of rest by God from His work, and that that self same day is enjoined as one of rest in tho wilderness (Exodus, 10 chapter, 2fi-30th verses), and is as explicitly spoken of by God from Sinai (Exodus, 20th chapter, 9-11th versos) in connection with the other six days, as any words in the English language can possibly convey tho meaning of them as being days of ordinary im port; that is, of 24 hours. Therefore, it is fear fully dishonoring to impute to God as plainly teaching His poor erring children one thing whilst He means another, and hides His secret meaning from them. Satan himself could not be guilty of a grosser insult. The day, therefore, being an ordinary tlay, is not a period of time spun out by tho big tignres, and tlii.s being the case tho account of tho creation is true and simple. The account was ratified by Christ. He taught that "tho scrip tures cannot be broken " — endorsed by His apostles, accepted by tho martyrs, and believed in by the good and great of all ages to tho present moment of time, namely, as being the inspired account by God the Holy Ghost, Readers, for more than a quarter of a century, have I ex perienced a veritable reality of joy and peace in my heart from believing the holy scriptures, which has made me wise unto salvation, and by trusting in the author. "Dost thou beliove?" I am. I otc., A LAYMAN. 