BALLARAT CLUB MEETING. (KItOM OUn OWN BErollTEB.) BALLARAT, Thubsday. President?Sir Samuel Wilson. Vice-presi dents?Messrs. B. Hepburn and tí. G. Morton. Treasurer?Mr. It. Lewis. Flag Steward? Mr. C. W. Sinclair. Slip Steward?Mr. E. H. L. Swifte. Secretary?Mr. S. dulden. Judge ?Mr. T. 0. Crichton, Hon. Slipper?Mr. If. l'objoy. BALLAIIAT DERBY, For ,10 do¡r puppies at 5 gulncus eucli. Winner, £C0 ; second, £'2ö ; third und fourth, .C1210a. each ; four winner« of two cuurseä, ¿C5 cuuh. Mr. II. Cronk ns w bk Clansman, by Whistling Dick?Snowdrop, October, beat Mr. W. l'objoy's r Cornerman, by Son of Tumult?Lady Cashier, Octo bor. .Mr. F. ailllard m bk w Wllklns Mlcawbor, by Old Synios?Barmaid, January, 1882, beat Mr. II. Dolison, Jim,, bk w Liberty, by Banvon Aim?Contention, September. .Mr. J. Hoctor'B bk w Lord Ormond, by 1'loughboy ?Biddy, August, beat Air. W. Anderson ns Ilk w Snip, by Grenadier?Svlvlo, Jtilv. Sir. (J. Douglas ns be w Dexterity, by Stanley Daisy, August, beat Mr. W. Why keg's bk w What Loyalty, by War King?Waste Coin, August. Mr. T. Dromell lin bd w Bosworth, by Stanley Bow Bells, August, beat .Mr. II. Goro'a bk w Gru Ore, by Grlllln?altana, January, 1SS2. Mr. T. Fnmor'H bit w Frontín (lato Pluto), by Perl? Huby. Deceinboi-, beat Mr. J. Fawcctt's bo w Fearless. Hoy, by Factor Hoy?C.O., October. Mr. li. Hepburn ns f Master Robin, by Robin Hood -?Shasta, Noveniher, beat Mr. J. Willlblo ns f w Spot,. by Storni?-Lucy, Januar}', 18S2. ! Mr. 1!. Clilrusldo'tf r w Worriboo Fog, by Zulu?, Nellie, August, beat Mr. W. Ilalluy's t w or w f; Ilallnrat Frklc, by Dlgby Grand?Miss Armstrong,) October. , , ' Mr. F. "Woodhóií¿c'a r or f w Darlington, liy Chester! ?Ouivor, November, heat Mr. II. Gore'- bkwOyii-j gull, by Grenadier?Giroila, September, . t Mr. il. S. Barrett im w f Charing Cross, bv Chester ?Hepriove, December, beat Mr. J. Wimble'-, w bc Dead Aim, bv .fîarwon Aim?Queen of tho Gully, April, 1882. '.-' " Mr. H. ForsHli' ns w bk Sir John, by Stanley? Zulcika. AngUHt, beat Mr. J. W. Mansiield's bk w Miller, by Nmirod-* Alice, August. Mr. C. Wuudt'fl f w Mocitanget', by Duke of Cum* borland?Batey, November, beat Mr. II. Belize's w bk Brinco Albort, by Priiico Jando?Fairy, Decem ber. Mr. Il, Moran us 1 w Orlando II., by Barwon Alm ?First Up, October, beat Mr. B. Hepburn ns b d .Merchant, by Dlonysius O'Kano?Gazette, No vember. Mr. G. C. Symons' bk w Sting, by Financier? Silver Bot, November, heat Mr. N. Gilbert's wbk «oh Hoy, by Whistling Dick?Lady Minor, No vember, Mr. T. C. Naplc-'H w bk Nethorby, by Dean Swift? ?Gazolle, Deecmbcr, heat Mr. O. W. Sinclair'« bit w My Dream, by Financier?Jicllu oí Brunswick, Novem ber. II. - Clansman a bye, Wilklns Micawbcr drawn lamo Lord Oriuond beat Dexterity Bosworth heat Frontín Master Hohin beat Worrlbco Fojf Darlington beat Charing Cross Mockungcr beat Sir John Orlando II. beat Stiu^ Notherby a bye. IIAMjAHATOAKH For 25 hitch puppies, at fi guineas each. Winner, ¿ifiü; Kceoiid, jL*jr» ; third and fourth, £10 each ; three- winners of two courses £5 each. Mr. C. W. Sinclair'.; bk w Joseph ¡no, by Barwou Aim?Finit Up, October, beat .Mr. \V. Pobfoy's bk w Corner Girl, by Son oí Tumult?Lady Cashier, Octo ber (1). Mr, J. IL Maiitiflold ns bo w -.veilingStar, by Eclipso ?Fly Wheel, September, heat Mr. U. Chlrnsldo'ri bk Wcrrlbee Wren, by Spring?Whip, September. Mr. II. Dobson, jmi.'s, I w Lilac, by Jlanvo» Aim? ; Beeswing, January, 18o¿, heat Mr. It. C. Forsyth ns r or f \v ltallarat Crocus, hy itarwon Aim?Crocus, ! September. - . - > ' __ ! ill-. W. '¿alloy's bk w Ballni-at Íleo, by Hobolllon? '. Wcstoriu, Jilly, beut Mr. ll.illepburu's f w llonoydow,; by T. C?Honeymoon, December. Mr. C. Pfunii'B bk w Miss Jean, by Registrar- ' General?Wilful, October, beat Mr. T. Frosor"» bk w Fiametta, by Financier?Canslopo, October. Mr. A. Dalglclsh's ho w Lcarmonth Lass, by St. Peter?Swallow, November, beat Mr. J. Fawcett's bk w Fearless, by Glenloeh?Flirting June, February, 18S2. Mr. II. Moran ns bo w or w bo Lady Florenco Dixie, by Barwon Aim?Klrst-up, October, bent Mr. II. Rcitzo's bk w Princess, by Prluco Jamie?Fairy, Decomber. Mr. 11. S. Barrett's bd w nashful Cbloo, by Bashful Jerry?Brise des Nuits, October, beat Mr. II. Gore's w bk GlomcrUt, by Grenadier?Girofla, September.. Mr. II. Goro's bo w Giralda, by Gronadier?Girofla, September, beat Mr. J. lloctor's bk w Lady Ormomt, by Plougliboy?Biddy, August. Mr. W. Bailey's f w llallamt Aim, by Barwon Aim? Crocus, September, bent Mr. C. Douglas's bo or f w Contention II., by Ilanvon Aim?Contention, Sep tember. Mr. X. Gilbert's bo w Gipsy Olrl, by Ilobln Hood? Black Agues, September, heat Mr. J. Fawcett's bk w Fearless .Ittno, by Glonlocli?Flirting Jnno, February, 1SS2. -Mr. It. Chlrnsldo's bk w Werribee Alinee.'by Wcrrl bco Hope?Siesta, September, beat Mr. F. Gilllard ns bk w Cnawlelt Hull«, by Gieiinilioi'?Svlvln, July. Mr. T. llonnison'« f w Queen Beu, by Whistling Dick?Shy Girl, November, a byo. Kvening Star bent Joscphino. ;: Lilac beat Ballnrut Bee. ' >Iisn Jean beat Lcnrmontli Lass. Lady Florence Dixie beat Bashful Chloo. Ballarot Aim beat Giralda. Queen Heo beat Gipsy Gill. Werribee Ahueo a bye. The third meeting of the season iu con nexion with the IJallarat Club was com menced to-dny, at the Burrumbeet Pluinpton. The weather, was just what coursers desire, a brncingbreezeblowingu!! dtiy,accompanied by utuuchcifmniRhine.. 1 lie iisHembliige also was fairly numerous, mid included a considerable i sprinkling of ladies!' The special train, which left Ballarat at half-past 9 for Burrumbeet siding, which is about a couple of miles from the coursing ground; it mf satisfactory to say, was well patronised, lUid.the return arrange ment wits very convenient,, seeing that a special was sent down at a qunrter-past fi oclock. On arriving at the scene of the day's sport, a marked change was observ able from last season, when the inclosure first came into requisition. Then the appli- ! anees for keeping the hares inside were of a most ineffective character, and the Derby and Oaks meeting, in fact, hud to be run iu the open country, after tho first dozen courses or so. Now, however, everything is complete, and the result of to-day's coursing is a proof that the Ballarat Club can always rely on a sufficiency of game in their Plumpton. Since lost season, moreover, a care taker hits been appointed, and he seems to have left nothing short in his de partment. The stewards arc accommodated with an elevated stand, half way down the ground, and we may further add that the club contemplates the erection of a press box. To-day the running ground was seen at its best The Burfnce is well covered with herbage, which' is a great contrast to last season, when the long drought had dried and parched up the soil. The hills and wooded surroundings of this charming spot must likewise not be overlooked, arrayed as they are just now in their autumn garb. A commencement was made at a few minutes past 11 o'clock, and the hares came so freely that the Derby was run once through in little more than an hour. Two o'clock saw us down the curd of 30 trials, inclusive of an undecided and a no-course, and after an hour for luncheon, 4 o'clock was barely post when the appointed day's work was through, show ing a total of 45 courses. Altogether it was a urst-nvte day's coursing, in which none of the trials were of undue severity. A few wc»k hares, however, were slipped at, which should not be overlooked. Nothing displaying any particular brilliancy was noticeable in cither the Derby or Oaks. Of the dogs, Lord Ormond exhibited a good turn of speed, for he led both of his oppo nents a long way. Muster Robin, in his first course, ran very cleverly, and although led by Werribee Kog in the next round, he was much too smart. Ballarat Pride, it may be mentioned, previously showed considerably more pace than Werribee Fog, so that Muster "' 'bin must be voted slow. Darlington's first ly was very creditable, and the next time over he polished oil the faster Charing Cross in style. Mr. Wood house will very likely run this puppy in tlie Waterloo Cup. Mnckanger was made a hot favourite against Sir John, ns live to two whs laid on him, albeit he has previously been led by Prince Albert. Orlando 11. defeated Mer chant in a very nummary style, inasmuch as he led up and rolled over a weak hare before the ülenroy dog bad a show. In the suc ceeding round, however, Sting, who, it was the universal opinion, had been beaten by Hob Roy, showed his heels to Orlando for the first point, after which the latter turned the tables on him cleverly. Netherby ran a couple of fust and clever courses, and ought to have a look in for tho stake. Of tho bitches Evening Star went very cleverly in each of her courses. Hallamt lice completely out paced Jloneydew in tbe first round ; but subsequently was led, and easily beaten by Lilac. Hiss Jean is iv clever puppy, and evi dently is possessed of pace likewise. Great things were expected ol Bashful Chloc, after her smart disposal of Oloraerta ; but she tired away after a strong commencement with Lady Florence Dixie, and ultimately was beaten by a mere shave. Giralda was another disappointment, after she had run decidedly the best course of the day in the lirai round. Mr. Gore's bitch was foster than Hallarat Aim to tho hare, but after a strong opening the superior smartness und résolu-, turn of the slower greyhound was brought, into play, and she hardly hada chance after.) Werribee Aiinee showed a lot of pace in her course with Crcmvh-k Helle, but ¿uve nbnnd-¡ anee of opportunities through rushing'at her, turns, and tlie slower greyhound ought to| 1 have beuten her. Queen Hee, in her disposal of Gipsy Girl, ilid nothing but race up ¿nd I kill at once. BaMíAhat DKfiftY.?Clansman wont (quickest out of| slips (or a strong commencement, and had ft all his own way till ho foil. Coming again,' however» ho cleverly killed before Cornerman could do much, and won with any amount to aparo, Wllklns MIcawbcr and Liberty alternately led, till the latter shot out for, tho turn and next point, Tlio other, howevor, con tented the courue well, and had just won when the de&th; occurred at tho edge of the far covert. Lord Ormond increased his lead to seven or eight lengths, from Snip, turned, and placed tho latter, but stretched I past for the next point, which he repeated noon after,; and ,t eventually won a short spin easily. What! Loyalty and Dexterity raced together, till tbo former drew out and «cured tho turn ; he then wo» knocked out of bin «trido. through ¡ cinnoning, and Dexterity from this took everything* but a couple of intermediate points. Uosworth drowi up to Gro Ore, ncarlng the liare, but Mr. Gore'« dogj scored the turn and fell, which apparently settled] him,.for Bosworth made a very onesided affair of a! pretty long trial. Fearless Boy wcut up to his hare' with a long lend from Frontín, and rushed fear fully wide, after which Air. Fraser s dog polished him oit In llrst-ratc stylo, and noon nailed hi» game. -Master llobiu was three lengths faster than Bpot, and handled hin liare to cleverly that the latter never had tho ghost of a chanco; u very smart performance on the part of Mr. Hepburn's repre sentativo. lî:ilhnit Pride led Werribee Fog threo lengths, turned, and wrenched twice, when ho tripped, and Mr. Chlmsldo's dog cutting in, scored the rcmalndor to the end of tho enclosure, which left him the winner with only a coiiplo of points to tlio pood. Darlington went past Oyngcll going to the liare, and won an average trial nil one way. Charing Cross led Dead Aim half a dozen lengths for a big score, and then hung tire, when his opponent took pos session and had the finish.but not near enough to win. Sir John went past Mill or in tho raco to tho hare, and had far too much In band, when tho black got a chance. Prince Albert shot past Mockangcr for a wido turn, and subsequently was outworked by tho slower grey hound. Merchant led for some distance, till Orlando H., by fair superiority of paco, drew past and whipped up tho haro at once, then running away with it, which showed that no had been at tlio game before. Sting led Hob Hoy three lengths for first two points, nftor which Hob Itoy had the finish, and wo thought left off the winner with at least three points to sjKiro, but Sting got the verdict Ncthorby proved half-a-dozen lengths faster than My Dream, and hold his own cleverly till puss gained the top covert, when he cleared tho paling. First Tics.?WH kins Mlcawbcr was vory lamo ¡ when ho went to slips in tho morning;, and it was now decided to draw him; Clansman accordingly ran a i bye, and pot a ecvorc towelling-. Lord Ormoud, as in hla iirst course, showed a lot of pace, and Dexterity's show with him was a very poor ono. Bosworth drew post Frputin for first and second turns, aud expert*. enced np.dlillculty In winning a courue of fair length, seeing that Mr, Fraser1« dog not only looked on, hut fell twlcjo, Wcrrihco Fog led Master Hobln three lengths,, .and .turned twice, rushing at tho second drive, from which .the slower but cleverer grey hound .yon easily, and allowed hU opponent little moro thun a kill of no merit. Charing ero*» led Darlington four lengths, and mado a mis- i take at the turn, which put him out of court, as Mr. Woodhonsc'a dog cut ht cleverly, and held his own till he killed. Mockauger led for some distance, till Sir lohn .drew up and got his head in front. The hure beut to the tirst-uamcd, however, who from that had much the best of the argument, and finally killed a, .(lodging hare. Sting showed his heels to Orlando ÎI..for a wide turn, when tho latter got in, and novor loft tho game «o long as it remained in thu enclosuro.N cthorby then ran a bye, hi which he had nearly all tho work to do, aud as before cxlriblted Ills fencing qualities, Ba-Laiiat Oaks.?Corner Girl led Josephine a couple of lengths, and wrenched her hare to covert, In tho corner of which there was some scrambling, which resulted In the cap coming off. Still Corner Girl ought to have had tho flat on tlio opening event. Next tïuiu Comer Girl led twice as far, but the sup was a'tremendous long one, and .ho crocked before reaching tho hare, Josephine then cutting in, and winning all one way. Wcrribco Wren and Evening Star alternately showed pace. At lout tho latter shot out for just two turns, and appropriated everything In a good trial butacouploof points. Lilaoenmo down- with »lon# laud frotiKBallAmfcOroous, and ran wldo at tho turn. The hare, however, Immediately came back to her, and she ultimately won with a big majority. Balkirat Beo stretched out four lengths from Iloncydew, turned thrice, and placed .Mr. Hepburn's blteh for a couple of wrenches, when Ballarat Dill raced jiast and took the hare to covert. ! MJss Jean led FJametta three good , lengths, and , although the lattur drew upon her on reaching the ¡ game she held her own, and achieved a very easy win. Learmoiith Lass led Fearless a'couple of lengths, turned, exchanged, and subsequently waa getting beaten, but Fcarles* foil, and tho Uluo coming very strongly, she scored the remainder, killed cleverly,, and won, .Lady Florence Dixie led Princess, turnet!, ' and placed the latter for one, whon Lady Florence Dixio took tho hare from her, turned twice, ami. killed?a very clever performance. Bashful Chloo was four lengths faster than Gloucester, and lost coin* mand as puss whipped Iwclc, hut' she replaced herself by a go-bye, and had it pretty much her own way to covert. Giralda led Lady Ormond three good lengths, stuck to her hare in tbe smartest fashion, and allowed tho black little more than tho kill. Contention II. wai unsighted,' and never got on to terms with Ballarat Aim before puss escaped. Taken back to Blips again, Ballarat Aim led four lengths, and was equally the superior next a dodging hare, which she at last killed. Gipsy Girl led, Fear less Jane three good lengths for a wldo dash, but re covered herself, and baa greatly tho best of a working course, when tlio other killed otf her turn. Crcswick Belle got out of slips by herself, but luckily never saw the hare. Finally, Worribeo Aiinco led along way for a wldo turn, which sho repeated in a badly run course ; but her pace HorvcU nor, aud Creswlck Bello was allowed little else but thu kill. Queen Boo ran a bye of moderate lougtli, ., First Ties.?Evening Star was threo lengths foster than Joeophluo, aud scored cvcrthlng, including the kill. Lilao drew past Ballarat Bee for a long sequence, when sho tired, and Mr. Bailey's bitch scored the last few jwlnts, but was thoroughly well beaten whon the hare escaped. Miss Jcau was tlu$e lengths foster than Lcamionth Lass, turned thrlcä,' and placed her opponent,'who mado a wild rush, and as tho hare stood up a long while, the faster and cleverer grey hound eventually won all .ends up. , Bashful Chloo went up to her game with a long lead from Lady Florence Dixie, and had a lot in hand, tilt she began to . tire, and tbo other setting to work merrily with a hare, that t>tayed long enough out of tho covert, ultimately wiped out tho score and Just won, and that was all. Giralda drew past Ballarat Aim, turned three times off tho reel, iiíu'r wlileli »ho wn-n cleverly outworked by tho «lower greyhound. Queen Ucodrowont from ulmy Olrl, and speedily killed n Hliort-miiiilnir liara. Wcr libeo Alinee thou .ran tt liyo. Vor Friday's card there are only.16 courses, inclusive of that between the winners of. the Derby and Oaks, for the Forss Plate, value 50 guineas, presented by Mr. G. \V. Sinclair. Originally it was intended to make up a 10 dog stake, but the idea was abandoned in thé course of the afternoon. 