THE LADY'S WALK A STORY OF THE SEEN AND U2TSEEN. IX FOUR CHAPTERS. By Mr.s. Olithant, in Longman's Magazine* Chaptkb IV. Then there ensued a periodof total stillness in my life. It seemed to me as if ail interest had gone out of it. 1 resumed my old occupa tions, such as they were, and they were not very erjgrossing. I had enough, which is perhaps cf all conditions of life, if the most comfortable, ihe least interesting. If it was a disciple of bolonien who desired that state, it must have been when he was like his roaster, blast, and had discovered that both ambition and pleasure were vanity. There was little place or necessity for me in the world. I pleased myself, as people say. When I was tired of ray solitary chambers, I went and paid visits. When I was tired of England I went abroad. Nothing could be more agreeable, or more unutterably tedious; especially to one who had even accidentally come actoss and touched upon the teal events and excitements cf life. Needless to say that I thought of the household at ^'lermore almost without intermission. Charlotte wrote to me now and then, and it sometimes seemed to me that I was the most callous wretch on. earth, sitting there watching all they were doing, tracing every step and vicissitude of their trouble in my own assurred well-being. It was monstrous, yet what could I dot But if, as I have said, such impatient desire to help were to come now and then to those who have the power to do so, is political economy so infallible tbat the world would not be the better for it? There was not a word of com plaint in Charlotte's letters, but they made me rage over my impotence. She told me that all the arrangements were being com pleted for the sale of Ellennore, but that her father's condition was still such that they did not know how to com municate to him the impending change. ' He is still ignorant of all that has passed,' Charlotte wrote, ' and asks me the most heartrending questions ; and I hope God will forgive me all that I am obliged to say to him. We are afraid to let him see any one lest he should discover the truth ; for indeed false hood, even with a good meaning, is always its own punishment. Dr. Maxwell, who does not mind what he says when he thinks it is for his patient's good, is going to make believe to send him away for change of air ; and this is the artifice we shall have to keep up all the rest of his life to account for not going back Ellennere/' She wrote another time that there was every hope of being able to dispose of it by private bargain, and that in the meantime friends had been very kind, and the ' Works'' were going on. There was not a word iii the letter by which it would have been divined that to leave Ellermore was to the writer anything beyond a matter of necessity. She said not a* word about her birthplace, thehomeof all her associations, the spot which I knew was so dear. There had been no hesitation, and there was no repining. Provided only that the poor old man, the stricken father, deprived at once of his home and firstborn, without knowing either, might be kept in that delusion — this was all the exemption Charlotte sought. And I do not think they asked me to go to them before they left the place. It wa3 my own doing. I could not keep away any longer. 1 said to Charlotte, and perhaps also to myself, by way of excuse, that I might help to take care of Mr. Campbell duiing the removal. The fact was that I could not stay away from her any longer. I could have risked any intrusion, thrust my self in anyhow, for the mere sake of being near her and helping her iu the most insig nificant way. It was, however, nearly Christmas before I yielded to my impatience. They were to leave Ellermore in a week or two. Mr, Campbell had been persuaded that one of the soft and sheltered spots where Scotch invalids are sent in Scotland would be better for him. Charlotte had written to me, with a half, despair, of the difficulties of their nemovai. ' My heart almost fails me,' she said ; and that was a great deal for her to say. After this I could hesitate no longer. She was afraid even of the revival of fife that might take place when her father was brought out of bis seclusion, of some injudicious old friend who could not be staved off, and who might talk to him about Colin. 'My heart almost fails mc.:- 1 went up to Scotland by the mail train that night, and next day, while it was still not mucn mere thau noon, found myself at Ellermore. What a change '. Tac heather had all died away from the hills ; cue suubright loch was steely blue ; the white threads of water down every crevice in the mountains were swollen to torrents. Here and there on the higher peaks there was a sprinkling of snow. The lii-- trees were the only substantial things ia tbc iK&rcr; landscape. The beeches stood about all bear and feathery, with every twig distinct against the blue. The sun was shining almost as brightly as in summer, and scattered 'a shimmer of reflections every where over the wet grass, and across the rivulets that were running in every little hollow. The house stood out amid all this light, amid the bare tracery of the trees, with. its Scotch -French tourellcs, and the sweep of emerald lawn, more green than ever, at its feet, and all the naked tlower-beds ; the blue smoke rising peacefully into the air, the door open as always. There was little stir or move ment, however, in this wintry, scene. The out-door life was checked. There was no son at home to leave traces of his presence. The lodge was shut up, and vacant. I concluded that the carriage had been given up, and all luxuries, and the coachman and his family were gone. But this was all the visible dif ference. I was received by one of the maids, with whose face I was familiar. There had never been any wealth of male attendants at Ellermore. She took me into the drawing room, which was deserted, and bore a more formal look than of old. ' Miss Charlotte is mostly with her papa,' the woman said. ' He is very frail ; but just wonderful con tented, like a bairn. She'd always up the stair with the old gentleman. It's no good for her. You'll find her white, white, sir, and no like hcrsel'.' In a few minutes Char lotte came in. There was a gleam of plea sure (I hoped) on her face, but she was white, white, as the woman said, worn and pale. After the first greeting, which had brightened her, she broke down a little, and shed a tew hasty tears, for wtich she excused herself, faltering that everything came back, but that she was glad, glad to see me ? And then she added quickly, that I might not be wounded, 'It has come to that, that I can scarcely ever leave my father ; and to keep up the decep tion is terrible,' 'You must not say deception.' ' Oh, it is nothing else ; and that always punishes itself. It is just the terror of my life that some accident will happen ; that he will find out everything at once.' Then she looked at me steadily, with a smile that was piteous to see, ' Mr. Temple, Ellermore is sold.' ' Is it so— is it so?' I said, with a sort of groan. I had still thought that perhaps at the last moment something might occur to prevent the sacrifice. She shook her head, not answering mv words, but the expression of my face. ' There was nothing else to be desired,' she said ; And after a pause, 'We are to take him to the Bridge of Allen. He is almost pleased to go: he thinks of nothing further — oh, poor old man, poor old man 1 If only I had him there safe ; but I am more terrified for the journey than I ever was for anything in my life,' We talked of this for some time, and of all the arrangements she had made. Charley was to come to assist in removing his father ; but I think that my presence somehow seemedL to her an additional safeguard, of which she was glad. She did not stay more than half an hour with me. ' It will be dull, dull for you, Mr. Temple,' she said, with more of. the lingering cadence of her national ac«Sht than I had perceived before— or psrhap3 it struck me more after these months of absence. 'There is nobody at home bat the little ones, and they have grown far too wise for their age, because of the many things they kaoir must never be told to papa; but you know the place, and you will want to rest a little.' She put out her hand to me again — 'And I am glad, glad to see you !' NothiDg in ray life ever made my heart swell like those simple words. That she should be ' glad, glad' was payment enough for any thing 1 could do. But in the meantime there was nothing that I could do. I wandered about the silent place till I was tired, re calling a hundred pleasant recollections ; even to me, a stranger, who a year ago had never seen Ellermore, it was hard to give it up ; and as for those who had been born there, and their fathers before them, it seemed too much for the cruellest fate to ask. But Nature was as indifferent to the passing away of the human inhabitants, whose little spell of * few hundred years was aa nothing in her long; history, as she would have been to the Calling of a rock on the hillside, or the wrenching up of a tree in the woods. For that matter, of eo small account are men, the rock and tree would both have been older dwellers than the Campbells ; and whv for that should the sun. moderate its shining, or tbc clear skies veil themselves ? , My mind was so taken up by these thoughts that it was almost inadvertence that took me. in the course of my solitary rambles about to the Lady's Walk. I had nearly got within the line of the beech trees, however, when X ? was brought hurriedly back to the strange circumstances which had formed an. accom- - paniment to this family history. To hear once more the footsteps of the guardian of Ellermore had a startling effect upon me. She had come back then! After that firrt thrill of instinctive emotion this gave me » - singular pleasure. I stood between the tree* and heard the toft atepoomiagftudeoiag^rUV v Wg§rmj.-&axiDS; the old iouse. I asked |pfpt-tow It *oald be finaUy disposed of llinfc^aiii Campbell's consent and: signa l^re^^nrtried to believe that at the last IliiiSment some way might open, some won. ^pSl Windfall come. But when I tamed s8bilfclD'the.ioa£e, this fantastic confidence ^^^xnlly failed me I began to contemplate lilJhe-iDjaier side of the que?tion— the new people SiSaJTOuldcomein. Ferhaps 'some English- ^paDi' is Charley had said with a certain ppmh^ixtome rich man, 'who would boy the iSnoowiuKllorhs at many times their actual ;gpFatae,toa biing down, perhaps a horde of pCocfeney ?sportemen to banish all quiet |piM;JEtoe% from Ellermore. I thought W&&L-.;& mingled pity and anger of what '*tlie Lady would do in such hands. Would she ailill haunt her favorite walk when aU whom eSShielowd were gone? Would she stay there 'in foilOrn faithfulness to the soil, or would *3jtae go with let banished race ? or would »he*ierart altogether, &nd; cut the tie that ladboondhertothe earth? I thought— for fincy once .set out goes far without any con* t«aouB control from the mind— that these were ?circumstances in which the intruders into the Jhome of the Campbells might be frightened by noises and apparitions, and all those ^^garer powers of the unseen of which we ^hear sometimes. If the Lady of Ellermore -wou'd condescend to use such instruments, ''Ho doubt she might find lower and less «levated spirits in the unseen to whom this land of play would be congenial. I caught myself up sharply in this wandering of ' thought, as if I were forming ideas deroga tory to a dear friend, and felt myself redden ?with shame. She connect her lovely bsing ?with tricks of this kind ! I was angry with .myself, as if I had allowed it to be suggested that Charlotte would do so. My heart grew Jnll as I pursued these thoughts. Was ifc : possible that some mysterious bond of a kind toeyond our knowledge connected her with this beloved soil? I was overawed by the thought of what she might suffer, going upon her solitary watch, to see the house filled with an aUYn family — yet, perhaps, by-and-by, taking them into amity, watching over them ss she had done over her own, in that sweet ness of self- restraint and tender love of humankind which is the atmosphere of the blessed. All through this spiritual being was to me a beatified shadow of Charlotte. You will say this was very fantastic, and I do not deny that the sentence is just. Next day passed in something the same iray. Charlotte was very anxious. She had wished the removal to take place that after noon, but when the moment came she post poned it. She said 'To-morrow,' with a shiver. ' I don't know what I am afraid of,' she said, 'but my heart fails me— my heart \- fails me.' I had to telegraph to Charley that it was deferred ; and another long day went by. It rained, and that was an obstacle. ' I cannot take him away in bod weather,' she said. She came downstairs to me a dozen times a day, wringing her hands. ' I have no resolution,' she cried. ' I cannot— I can not make up ray mind to it, I- feel that some thing dreadful is going to happen.' I could only take her trembling hand and try to comfort her. I made her come out with me to get a little air in the afternoon. ' You are Killing yourself,' I said. ' It is this that makes you so nervous and unlike yourself.' She consented, though it was against her will. A woman who had been all her life in their service, who was to go with them, whom Charlotte treated, as she said, 'like one ot ourselves,' had charge of Mr Campbell in the meantime. And I think Charlotte gota lit'l-3 pleasure from this unusual freedom. She was very tremulous, as if she had almost for gotten how to walk, and leant upon my arm in a way which was very sweet to me. No word of love had ever passed between us ; and she did not love me. save as she loved Charley -and Harry, and the rest. I think I had a place among them, at the end of the brothers. But yet she had an instinctive knowledge t-£ my heart ; and she knew that to lean upon me, to show that she needed me, was the way to please me most. We wandered about there for a time in a sort of forlorn happiness ; then, with a mutual impulse, took our way to the Lady's Walk. We stood there together, listening to the steps. ' Do you hear them ?'' said Charlotte, her face lighting up with a smile. 'Dear lady! that has always been nere ever since I mind '' She spoke as the children spoke in the utter abandonment of her being, as if returning for refreshment to the full simplicity of accent and idiom, the soft native speech to which she was born. ' Will she stay after us, do ye think ';' Char lotte said ; and then, with a little stare, clinging to my arm, ** Was thaj; a sound — was £bat a cry V' 2fot a cry, but a sigh. It seemed tc wander over all the woods and thrill among the trees. You will say it was only tiie wind. I cannot tell. To me it was a sigh, personal, heart rending. And you may suppose what it was to her. The tears dropped from her full eyes. She said, speaking to the air, 'We are parting, you and me. Oh, go you back to Heaven, and let us trouble you no more. Ob, go back to your home, my bonny lady, and let us trouble yon no more !' j 'Charlotte:' I cried, drawing her arm more closely through mine. She cast me a glance, a smile, like one who could not, even in the midst of the highest thoughts, neglect or be unkind, but drew her hani away and clasped it in the other. 'We are of one stock,' she said, the tears always falling ; I 'and the same heart. We are too anxious, but God is above us alL Go back to your pleasant place, and say to my mother that I ?will never leave them. Go away, my bonnie lady, go away ! You and me, we mast learn to trust -them to God.' We waited, and I think she almost expected tome reply. But there was none. I took her arm within mine again, and led her away trembling. The moment, the excitement ! had been too much for ire also. I said, 'You tell her to go, that she is too anxious, that she must trust you to God — and in the same breath you pledge your self never to leave them. Do you think if God does not want her. He wants jon to stand between Him and them ?' I grasped her arm so closely and held it so to my side in my passion that I think I almost hurt her. She gave me a startled look, and put up her land to dry her wet eyes. ' It is very different,'5 she said ; ' I am living and can work for them. It has come tone all in a moment to see that she is just like me after all. Perhaps to die does not make a woman wise any more than life docs. And it may be that nobody has had the thought to tell her. She will have imagined that she could stop any harm that was coming, being here; but if it was not God's pleasure to stop - it, how could she ': You know she tried,' said Charlotte, lookingat me wistfully : 'she tried — God bless her for that: Oh, you know how anxious she was; but neither she nor I could do it — neither she nor I '.' At this moment we were interrupted by soms one flying towards us from the house, calling, ' Miss Charlotte, Miss Charlotte ! you are wanted,' in a wild and agitated tone. It was the woman who had been left in charge 'of Sir. Campbell, and Charlotte started at the sight of her. She drew her hand from my arm, and flew along the path. ' Oh, Slarg'ret, why did you leave him ?' she said. 'It wasno blame of mine,' said the woman, turning, following her mistress. I hurried on, too, after them, and the explanation was addressed to both of us. 'He would come down to the library ; nothing would stop him. I tried all I could ; but what could I do? And there is nothing to be frightened for, Miss Charlotte. Ah '. I've nae breath to tell it. He is just real like himself !' Charlotte flew along the path like a creature flying for life. She paused an instant at the door of the house to beckon me to follow her. The library, the room where her father had cone, was one of those whichhad been partially dismantled. The pictures had been taken down from the walls, a number of books which she meant to take with her collected on the tables. Mr. Campbell had displaced some of the books in order to seat himself in his favorite -r«eat. He looked at her curiously, almost with severity, as she came iu anxious and breathless. He was greatly changed. He had been robust and hale, like a tower when I first entered Ellermore, not yet six months since. Now he had shrunken away into half his size. The coat which he had not worn for months hung loosely upon him ; his white hair was long, and he wore a beard which changed his appearance greatly. All this change bad come since the time I parted with him in London, when he told me he was going to join his son Colin ; but there was another change more remarkable, which I ?with awe, and Charlotte with terror, recog nised at a glance— the prostration of his mind ?was gone. He looked his daughter iu the face with intelligent, almost sternly intelli gent eyes. *'Oh, father, you have wanted me'' Charlotte cried. ' I went out for a mouthful ©f air-I went out- for a few minutes ? ' 'Why should you not have gone out. Chatty .'' he said. 'And why was Market left in charge of me ': I have been ill, I mike jxo doubt ; but why should I be watched and . spied about my own house :'' She save me a glance of dismay, and then she faltered 'Ob, not that father — not that!' 'But I tell you it was that. She would have hindered my coming downstairs, that woman'— he gave a little laugh, which was terrible tons in the state of our feelings — ' and here are you rushing in out of bretth, as if. there was some cause of fear. Who is that behind ye ? Is it one of your brothers 'It is Mr. Temple, father,' aha said, with a sew alarm. . ' Mr. Temple,' he said with a shade of du pleasupj .passing over hu face. Then he «©2JW!*S; Tbjmself, and his old-world ytto&afga;,: 'I am glad to aw. ye,' be Baii »'«o ^^.I.jcaniemeinber.'dieliouoe. was ? - ? . -? . ^ much Sisorganised-wheh yon 4terc here before* Mr. Temple. You will ftink we are always oat of order ; but IVe been ill, and everything has fallen oat of gear. This is hot a place,' he added, turning to Charlotte, ' to receive a stranger in. What is all this for The added, in a sharp tone, waving his hand towards the books, of which some were heaped at his feet on the floor. Once more she made a pause of dismay. 'They are some books to take with us,' she said ; 'you remember, father, we are going 'Going away!' he cried, irritably. ?'Where are my letters? Where are your j brothers? What are you doing with a gentleman visitor (I beg ye a thousand pardons, Mr. Temple !) and the place in such a state? It is my opinion that there is some thing wrong. Where are my letters? It is not in reason that there should be no letters. After being laid aside from business for a time, to have your letters kept back from you, yon will allow, Mr. Temple,' he said, turning to me with an explanatory air, ' is irritating. It is perhaps done with a mistaken notion that I am not equal to them ; but if you think I will allow myself to be treated as a child ? ' He stammered a little now and then, in his anger, but mady a great effort to control him self. And then he looked up at us, once more a little severely, and brougnt confusion to all our hopes with one simple question. ' ' Where is Colin t' he said. What could be more natural? Charlotte gave me one look, and stood, white as death, motionless, her fingcrstwisting together. Ho v truly she had said that falsehood was its own punishment, even such falsehood as this ! She had answered him with ambiguous words when he was in a state of feebleness from which he had thus awoke, and he had becu easily satisfied and diverted from too close enquiry. But now she was confounded by the sudden question. She could not confront with a subterfuge her father's serious eyes ; her head drooped, her hands caught at each other with a pitiful clasp, while he sat looking at her with an authoritative, but as yet un slarmed look. All this time the door had been left ajar, and Marg'rct stood waitingout feide, listening to all that went on, too much interested and anxious to feel herself out of place. But when she heard that demand the woman was struck with horror. She made a step within the door. ' Oh, Ellermore !' she cried. ?' Oh ! my auld maister, dinna break her heart and mine ! To hear ye asking for Colin ! and Colin in his grave this four long months, poor lad, poor lad !' She threw, her apron over her head as she spoke, and burst forth into loud sobs and tears. Charlotte had put out a hand to stop the revelation, but dropped it again, and stood by speechless, her bead bent, and wringing her hands, a silent image of grief and guilt, as if it bad been her from whom the blo* caroc. The old man sat and listened with a counte nance growing ashy pale, and with intent eyes, that seemed to flicker as if beyond his control. He tried to speak, but in the trembling of his lips could articulate nothing. Then he slowly raised himself up and stood pallid and dizzy, like a man on the edge of a precipice. 'My' son is dead, and I knew it not,' ho said slowly, pausing between the words. He stood with his trembling lips falling apart, bis countenance all moving and twitching, transfixed, it seemed, by a sort of woeful amaze, wondering at himself. Then he turned upon Charlotte, with a piteous appeal. '; Was I told, and have I forgotten ?:' he asked. The humiliation of that thought overpowered his reawakened soul. She came to him quickly and put her arm round him. ' Father, dear, you were so ill, they would notlctustell you. Oh.Ihaveknown — I have known it would be so much the worse when it came !' He put her away from him, and sat down again feebly in his chair. In that dreadful moment he wanted no one. The horror of the individual humiliation, the idea that he could have heard and forgotten, was more terrible even than the dreadful news which thus burst upon him. 'I'm glad,' he said, 'I'm glad,' babbling with his lose lips. I shrank away, feeling it a profanation to be here, a spectator of the last mystery of nature : but Charlotte made a faint motion that kept me from withdrawing altogether. For the first time she was afraid ; her heart had failed her. For some minutes her father continued silent in bis chair. The sunset bad faded away, the misty twilight was falling. Marg'ret, guilty and miserable, but still unable to alto gether to subdue her sobs, throwing her white apron from her head, and 'ooking round with a deprecating, apologetic glance, had with drawn to the other side of tbe room. All was silecce after that broken interchange of words. He lay back, clasping and uncLssp iDg 1 is hands, his lips and features all mcvir-g, whether with a wish to speak or with the* mere workings of emo tions unspeakable, I cannot telL When suddenly, all at once, with the voice of a strong man loud and full, ke broke out into the cry which has sounded through all the world— the utterance of every father's anguish. 'Oh, Absalom, my sou, my son! Would God that I hid died for thee, my son, my son ? ' We both rushed towards him simul taneously. He did not remark me, fortu nately; but again he put Charlotte away. ' What are you afraid for ? ' he said, almost sternly; 'that I will fall back and be ill again 'r That is not possible. Ye think sorrow kills ; but no, it stings ye back to life —it stings yi back to life,' he repeated, raising himself in his chair. Then he looked round him solemnly. ' Marg'ret, my woman, come here, and give me your hand. We're partners in trouble, you and me, and never shall we part. As long as this is my house there is a place in it for you. Afterwards, when it goes to ? ah ! when it goes to Charley,' he cried, with a sudden burst of unforseen sobs. Charlotte looked at me again. Her face was white with despair. How was this last news to be broken to him ? 'Father,' she said, standing behind him, 'you are sorely tried. Will you not come back to your room and rest till to-morrow, and then you will hear all? Then we will tell you— about all that has happened ? ' Her voice shook like a leaf in the *»ind, but she managed to show no other sign of her terror and despair. There was a long pause after this, and we stood waiting, not knowing bow the moment would terminate. I believe it was the sight of me that decided it after all. A quick movement of irritation passed over his face. ! ' 1 think you are right, Chatty,' he said.; ' I think you are right. I am not fit, in my shattered state, and with the information I have just received, to pay. the attention I would like to pay ? ' He paused, and looked at me fixedly. ' It is a great trouble to me that we have never been able to show you proper attention, Mr. Temple. You see, my son was detained ; and now he is dead — and I've never known it till this moment. You will excuse a reception which is not the k ind of reception I would like to give you.' He waved his hand. ' You were my Colin's friend. You will knew how to make allow ances. Yes, my dear, I am best in my own chamber. I will just go, with Mr. Temple's permission — go— to my bed.' A faint groan burst from him as he said these words ; a kind of dreary smile flickered on his lips. 'To my bed,' he repeated: 'that is all we can do, we old folk, when we are stricken by God's hand. Lie down, and turn our faces to the wall— our faces to the wall.' He rose up, and took his daughter's arm, and made a few steps towards the door, ?«hich I was holding open for him. Then he turned and looked round with the air of one who has a favor to bestow. ' You may come too, Marg'ret,' he said. ' You can come and help me to my bed.' This strange interruption of all plans, which it was evident tilled Charlotte with despair, gave me much to think of, as I stayed behind in the slowly-darkening room. It was evident that now nothing could be con cealed from him ; and who was there so bold as to tell the bereaved father, in his first grief for his first-born, what horrors had accom panied Colin's death, and what a penalty the family had to pay I It seemed to me that the premonition of some fresh calamity was in the air ; arid when Charlotte came down about half an hour later, like a ghost through the dim- coining shadows, I almost expected to hear that it had already occurred. But even in these depths of distress it was a happiness to me to feel that she came to me for relief. She told me that he had gone to bed without asking any further questions, and that Mar garet, who had been Colin's nurse, seemed almost more agreeable to him than herself. He had turned his face to the wall as he had taid, and nothing but a long-drawn, oc casional sigh told that he was awake. ' I think he is not worse — in body,' she said. 'Hehas1-orne it far better than we could have thought possible. But how am I to tell him the way it happened, and how am Ito tell him about Ellermore?' She wept with a prostration and self-abandonment which alarmed me ; but she stopped my remon strances and entreaties with a motion of her band. ' Ob, let me cry ? It is the only ease I nave,' she said. When she had gone away from me, restless, anxious, afraid to be out of hearing, I went out, myself, as restless, as incapable of banish ing all thc-se anxieties from my mind as she. The night was almost dark, soft and mild. It was one of those nights when the moon, with out bciDg visible, softens and ameliorates the glocra, and makes of night a sort of twili-'ht. While I went pacing softly about, to occupy myself, a soft small rain begau to fall ; but this did not attect me in any way. It was rather soothing than disagreeable. I went down to tbe side of the loub, where the pale light on the water was touched by innumer ble dimplings of the rain, then up again, round and round the bouse, not caring wfctie I went. At this boor I had always fiVcidfcd.lteiadj's-Wbik, 1-can scarctiy ma-. why. To-night, in my strange familiarity with everything, and carelessness of all but one subject, I suddenly turned into it with a caprice! could not account for, perhaps with an unexpressed wish for company, for some body who might understand my thoughts. The mystic footsteps gave me a sort of plea sure. Whether it was habit or some new sense of human fellowship which. Charlotte's impas sioned words bad caused, I can scarcely tell ; but the excitement with which I had always hitherto regarded the mysterious watcher here was altogether gone out of my mind. I felt a profound and tender pity for her rising in me instead. Was it possible that a spirit could be 'over- anxious,' as Charlotte said, endeavoring vainly, and yet not undutif ully, to take God's supreme guardianship out of His bands? The thought was new to me. To think that a good and blessed creature could so err, could mistake so humanly, and persevere so patiently, though never able to remedy tbe evils, seemed somehow more pos sible than that a guardian from Heaven could watch and watch for generations with so little result. This gave me a great coai passion for the lonely watcher thus re belling in a heavenly way of love against the law of nature that separated her from visible life. My old idea, that it might b« Charlotte herself in an unconscious shadow shape, whose protecting motherly lore made these efforts unawares, glided gratefully into the feeling that it vvas an earlier Charlotte, her very kin and prototype, who c ju1-1 not even now 1st God manage her rate without her aid. While I was thus thinking, I was startled ence more by the same sigh which I had heard with Charlotte. Yes, yes, it niigat be the wind. I had no time to bandy ex planations with myself. It was a soft loDg sigb, such as draws tbe very breath out of aa over-laden bosom. I turned half round, it was so near to me ; and there, by my side, so close that I could have touched her, stood tbe lady whom I had seen so often — the same figure which I had met in the London streets and in ihe woods of Ellermore. I suppose I stepped back, with a little thrill of the old seu sations, for she seemed to put out a hand in the pale gloom, and began to speak softly, quickly, as if there was scarcely time enough for what she had to say. ' I am going away like the rest,' she said. ' Xone ot them have ever bid me go before ; but it is true — it is true what she says. I have never done any good— just frightened them, or pleased them. It is in better hands — it is in better hands.' With this there came the familiar move ment, tbe wringing of the hands, which was like Charlotte, and she seemed to weep ; but before I could say anything (and what could I have said?) she cried with eagerness, ' I csme to you because you loved her, but you were too late— and now again, again, you may help if you will. It will be set before you to help, if you will.' 'How can I help?' I cried. 'Tell me, Lady, whoever you are ; I will do it, I will do it ! — but how can I do it ? Tell me ? ' I put out my band to touch her dress, biifc it melted cut of my hold. 'She withdrew with a swift, shy movement. ' It will be set be fore you,' she said, with a breathless faint- j ness as if of haste ; and already her voice was j further off breathing away. 4i It will be sec | before you — I must not say more. One can j never say more.' ; ' What can I do ?' I cried ; so much had I | forgot the old terror that I put myseif iu j her path, stopping the_ way. '* Tell me how, j how ! Tell me, for God's sake, and because of ; Charlotte !' I The shadowy figure retreated before me. i It seemed to fade, then reappeared, then dis- ! solved altogether into the white dimness, while the voice floated away, still saying, as in a sigh, ' You may help, you may help, you may save ? ' I could hear no more. I went after this sighing voice to the end of the Walk ; it seemed to me that I was pursuing, determined to hear her message, and that she softly fled, the hurrjing footsteps becoming almost inaudible as they flew before me. I went on hotly, not knowing what I did, de termined only to know 'what it was ; to get an explanation, by what means I did not care. Suddenly, before I knew, I found my steps stumbling down the slope at the further end, and the pale water alive with all the dimp lings of the rain appearing at my very feet. Tbe steps sank upon the loch-side, and ceased with a tbrill like the acutest sound. A silence more absolute than any I have heard in nature j ensued. I stood gasping, with my foot touch ing the edge of the water : it was all I could do to arrest myeelf there. I hurried back to the house in a state of agitation, which I cannot describe. It was partly nervous dread. 1 do not disguise this ; but partly it was a bewildered anxiety and eagerness to know what the chance was which was to be set before me. That I had the most absolute faifh in it I need hardly say. ''You may help them if you will ! You may heip them if yon will '. 1 said it. over and over +o myself a thousand times with a feverish hurry ar.d eagerness. Indeed, I did nothing but repeat it. When Charlotte came down late to tell me her father was asleep, that the doctor who had been sent for had pro nounced his recovery real. I was walking up and down the half-lighccd dravving-room, saying these words over and over to myseif. 'He says it is vronclerfo!, bat it may be complete recovery,' Charlotte said ; ' only to tell him nothing we can hr-]p, to keep all Ihe circumstances from him : especially, if it is possible, about Ellerraore. But how is it possible? how can I doit? 'Help if you ?h ill ?' Mr. Temple, what are you saving *' ' It is nothing,' I Kaid ; ' some old rhyme hes got possession, of me.' She locked very anxiously into my face. ' Somethiug else bas happened? You have seen or heard ? ' Her mind was so alive to every tone and glance that it was scarcely possible to conceal a thought from her. 'I have been in tbe Walk,' I said, 'and beir-g excited and restless, it was more than my nerves could bear.' She looked at me again wistfully. ' You would not deceive me, Mr. Temple,' she said : then returned to her original subject. The doctor was anxious, above all things, that Mr. Campbell should leave Ellermore tomorrow, that he should go early, and above all that he should not suspect the reason why. She bad the same dread of the removal as ever, but there was no alternative, and not even a day's delay was to be thought of, for every d»y, every hour, made the chances of discovery more. ' But you cannot keep up the delusion for ever,' I said, ' and when it is found out :' Again she wrung her hands. ' It is against my judgment ; but what can I do?' She paused a moment, and then said, with a melancholy dignity, *' It can but kill him, soon or syne. I would not myself have my life saved by a a lie ; but I am weak where my father is con cerned, and God understands all. On, I am beginning to feel that so, Mr. Temple ! We search and search, and think what is best, and we make a hundred mistakes, but God sees the why and the wherefore. Whoever misunderstands, He never misunderstands.' She went away from me in the calm of this thought, the secret of all cairn. It seemed to me that I, in my blind anxiety guessing at the enigma that had been given to rue, and my poor Lady vagrant from the skies, still trying to be the providence of this house, were left alike behind. Next morning Charlotte came down to breakfast with me, which she had not done before. She told me that her father had passed a good night, that he had shed tears on awaking, anabegan to talk tenderly and calmly of Colin, and that everything seemed to promise that the softening-and mournful prc-occupation of grief, distracting his mind from other matters, would be aa advantage to him. He was pleased to be lef c with Margaret, who had adored her nursling, and who had been fully warned of the neces sity of keeping silence as to the circumstances of Colin's death. The post-bag came in while we were talkiDf. It lay on the table for a few minutes untouched, for neither of us were anxious for our correspondence. We were alone at table, and Charlotte had rested, though 1 Lad not, and was almost cheerful now that the moment had arrived for the final severance. The necessity of doing in spired her : and perhaps, though I scarcely dared to tbink so, this tranquil table at which we sat alone, which might have been our table, in our home, in a new life full of peace and sober happiness, soothed her. The sug gestion it conveyed made the blood dance in my veins. For the moment it seemed as if the hope I dared not even entertain, for one calm hour of blessedness and repose, bad come true. At last she gave me the key, and asked me to open the bag. ' I have been loth to disturb this peaceful moment, she said, with a smile which was full of sweetuess and confidence, 'and nothing outside seems of much onsequence just now ; but the boys may have something to tell, and there will be your ettere — will you open it, Mr. Temple':7' I oo, was loth, more loth than she, to disturb he calm, and the outside world was nothing to me, while I sat here with her, and could fancy her my own. But I vlid what ,^he told me. Letters are like fate, they mult be en countered with all that is good and evi! in them. I gave her hers, and laid out some, probably as important to them, though they teemed to me so trifling and unnecessary, that wire for the servant?. Then I turned to rcy own share. I ha-i two letters — one with a broad black border, which had been for warded from one place to another in search of me, acd ?« as nearly ten days old : for, like most ptcple, Iexaxuinc-d tbe outside ni-t; the other a large, substantial blue letter, which -i:eant bu.'iucss. I can remember nowtheindilierence wiih which I opened then., the mourning en YilGi.e flrtt. There were so many postmarks on it. that that of its origin, which would have enlightened iccat or.ee, never stnek me at all. Htaven above ! what wat tbis tiat met my f yet ': Ad announcement, full of ptriphxo&ia; of f GJinal lTgrf «], of the death c-f my oJti cousin Joc^ij n U-n daj r lief ore. 1 pave a trot of Jatroe ?i-Tj— I «-ei). jitar it tiqk—utA lore-open the second, the official letter. Of coarse I knew it was ; of course I was aware that nothing could interfere ; and yet the opportuneness of the announcement was such, that human nature, accustomed to be balked, would not allow me to believe in the possibility. Then I sprang from my seat. 'I must go,' I cried 5 ' there is not a moment to lose. Stop all pro ceedings — do nothing about the going, tat God's sake, till I come baok.' '. Mr. Temple, what has happened ? Charley ? ,' cried Charlotte, blanched with terror. She thought some other catas trophe had happened, some still more fatal news that I would not tell her. But I was too much absorbed in my own excitement to think of this. ' Do nothing,' I said ; 'I will meet Charley on the way, and tell him. All will be right, all will be right, only wait till I come back.' I rushed to the door in my baste, then came back again, not knowing i what I did, and had caught her in my arms before I was aware — not in my arms, but with my hands on her shoulders, boldug her for one wild moment. I could hardly see her for the water in my eyes. 'Wait,' I said, 'wait till I come back! \ 'Sow I can do what she said ! Now my time | is come ; do nothing till I come back.' I let j my hands drop down to hers, and caught j them and kissed them in a wild tremor, I beyond explanation. Then I rushed away. It was a mile or more to the little quay where the morning boat carried communications back to the world. I seemed to bs there as on wings, and scarcely came to myself till I descended into the noise, the haze, the roar of the tlsinp streets, the crowds and trams of Glasgow. Next moment (for time flew and I with it, *o that I took no note of its progress or my own) I was in the clamor of the ' Works,' making my way through the griaae and mud of a great courtyard, with machinery clanging round me on every side, from the big skeleton houses with their open windows —into the office, where Charley, in close con verse with a stranger, jumped up with terror at the sight of me. ' What has happened 2 ' be cried; 'my father?' I had scarcely breath enough to say what I had to say. ' Your father,' I cried, ' has come to himself. You can make no sale without him— every arrangement must be stopped at once.' _ AU that I was capable of knowing was with a certainty, beyond all proof, that the man with whom Charley was talking, a sportsman in every line of his countenance and clothes, was the intending purchaser of Ellermore. I remember little of the conversation that followed. It was stormy and excited, for neither would Charley be convinced, nor would the other consent to be otf his bargain. But I made my point clear. Mr. Campbell having recovered bis faculties, it was clear that no treaty could be concluded without his consent. (It could not have been legal in any case, but I suppose they had in some way got over this.) I remember Charley turning upon me with a passionate remon strance, when, almost by violence and perti nacity, I bad driven his Cockney sportsman away. ' I cannot conceive what is your object, Temple,' he said. 'Are you mad? My father must give his-consent : there is no possibility of a question about it. - Ellermore must be sold — and as well to him as to another,'1 he said, with a sigh. I took out ! my blue letter, which I had huddled into my j pocket, and laid ifc before him.- ' It is to me tli3t Ellermore must be sold,' I said. My inheritance had come — there was nothing wonderful about it— it was my right ; but never did inheritance come at a more suitable moment. Charley went back with me that afternoon, after a hurried conference with his young brothers, who came round me, shaking my arms nearly off, and calling to each other in their soft young basse3 like rolls of mild thunder, that, whatever happened, I was a good fellow, a true friend. If they had not been so bashful they would have embraced me, less I verily believe from the sense of escape from a great misery which they had scarcely realised, than from generous pleasure in what they thought a sort of noble generosity ; that was their _ view of it. Charley, perhaps, was more enlightened. He was very silent during the journey, but at one point of it burst out suddenly upon me. ' You are doing this for Chatty, Temple. If j you take her away it will be as bad as losing Ellermore.' I shook my head. Then, if never before, I felt tbe hopelessness of tbe position. 'There is but one thing you can i do for me— say not a word of that to her,' I j said. And I believe he kept counsel. It was of her own accord that Charlotte came up to me after the hurried interview in which Charley laid my proposal before her. She was very grave, though the sweetness of her look drew the heart out of my breast. She held out her hands to me, but her eyes took all warm significance out of this gesture. ' Mr. Temple,' she said, 'you may think me bold to say it, but we are friends that can say anything to one another. If in your great generosity there may yet be a thought— a thought that a woman might recompense what was done for her and hers ? ' Her I beautiful countenance, beautiful in its love j and tenderness and noble dignity, but so j pale, was suddenly suffused with color. She j took her hands out of mine, and folded them j together — ' That is out of my power —that is i out of my power !' she said. I ' I like it better so,' I cried. God help j me ! it was a lie, and so she knew. ' I waut n-- recompense. It will be recompense enough to know you are here.' And so it has remained ever since, and may | perhaps for ever — I cannot tell. We are j dear friends. When anything happens in j the family I am sent for, and all is told to j me. And so do I with her. We know all I each other's secrets— those secrets which are not of fortune or incident, but of the soul. Is there anything better in marriage than this ? And yet there is a longing which is human for something more. That evening I went back to the Lady's Walk, with a sort of fanciful desire to tell her, the other, that I had done her bidding ; i that she had been a true guardian of her race to the last. I paced up and down through ! the dim hour when the sun ought to have been setting, and later, long into the twilight. The rain fell softly, pattering upon the dark glistening leaves of the evergreens, falling straight through the bare branches. But no soft step of a living soul was on the well-worn track. I called to her, but there was no answer, not even the answer of a sigh. Had she gone back heartsick to her home in Heaven, acknowledging at last that it was not hers to guard her race ? It made my heart ache for her to think so ; but yet it must have been a sweet grief and easily healed to know that those she loved were most safe in God's only care when hers failed — as everything else must fail. THE Exi). 