AN OLD CURIOSITY SHOP. (daily news, 26th jam.) The Tuileries, which has long been an eye sore or a charm to Paris, just qs you like to look at it, is at length going to be pulled down, Tho contract has been signed, the workmen are there pick in hand, and in eight " months by tho card nothing will remain of these eight centnrics of souvenirs of the historic greatness of France. They will all bo carted away as rubbish, at least so much of them as the collectors ham spared, aud the collectors are already very busy. Tho contractors themselves are going to open an old curiosity shop in the grounds, and the wealthy amateur is try ing to intercopt the best things on their way to the shop. He has dug his taster into tlic solid stone walls for bits of choice ornament, fas though it were so much clieeso, aud he has entered his name on the books for morsels of ruin he is not yet able to reacb. The remains . of the Tnileries will probably cut up into as mauy souvenirs as tbe wreck of the Royal George. There is enough for evorybody, and there is variety for the most diverse tastes. You may buy anything, from an entire stone staircase to a bit of broken looking-glass. Yet at a first glance you might think that there was nothing left. The interior seems an utter ruin. Tbe great staircase undor its load of dibris is simply a hill of rubbish, but the pillars at the ado are intact, and so are the friezes and cor nices, most of them perfect specimens of the Louis XVI, style. Here the amateur aioresaid has already dug out an ancient helmet carved in low relief, but much remains behind. The columnB could be taken away bodily, and they would make a fine rustic temple for garden or park. Mr. Worth has already shown what may be donn with such tilings at his place at Surespes. Long ago, in the time of the Com mons, ho bought up what he could find " for an old soug," and with his skill in working up material made as pretty a ruin of them as you could wish to see. Thoy say ho cries there sometimes over dead fashions, or finds his most solemn inspiration for new ones. It is a via. sacra that recalls his most distin guished customers. Still he has notliiug for majesty of association like the staircase of the Tuileries. At the head of this you como to ' the Salle des Martfchaux, a most complete wreck. It must have been a perfect brazier on that fateful day. Experts will tell you that there is every sign of fiercest raging fire. On'y i stone shell remains — the floors, par titions, cornices, everything once standing between earth and sky is gone. It is not quite so bad as that in any other part of the build ing. A few supports in ironwork, so twisted that thoy Beem still to writhe in the flame, show where once tho gallery ran. Add to these a little gimcrack shield or two inscribed with the names of great battles, and that is all. These show where tio effigies of the marshals were cremated, for each marshal had his shield. The Jena shiold is intact, and there is another which once bore the name qf Marengo, though it is half burned away. Both of these are already sold. Mere paiqt some times survived where wood aud iron, and even marble, wore burned away. " Honneur et Patrio" is still to be seen over the door in black lotters on a gold ground. Beyond this there is nothing, nothing, nothing. It must havo been like the fire of five hundred blast furnaces. There are places where the stone has crumbled to powder in the flame. Oh ! the sight for the bird that hovered above on poised wings ! The Salle d'Honueur near by is a more orthodox rain; it is not burned clean outlike the other, there are remains. The iron girdorsnearly gave way ; thoyarebentconcave where they were befqre convex, but still the fire got tired first. All the floor hero is a grass-grown slope ; the ghosts of courtier shepherds might revisit it to tread a rusticround. The chimney is left, and it is in very good condition. It might be taken away bodily and set up in somo country hall ; it would hardly do for anything smaller. Tho flooring beneath it is burned away, and it is porched up by itself in the air in the queerest fashion. In one of tho upper rooms there is a little solitary flower pot hanging in the same semi-miraculous way between earth and sky. The exterior offers tho richest harvest to the collector. Here, especially in tbe front, facing tho Arc do l'Etoilo, there is a good deal left — ever so many columns in different styles, and statues, with some balconies in modern ironwork. Tho fires doe Dot seem to be overpowering here, and it lias left one uniquo construction in all but, perfect preservation — tho perron , or little staircaso of tho Emperor, by which the Imperial family used to reach the garden from the private apartments. This is in iron, and has a double flight, with a gentle curve. It might bo taken -just as it stands, and with a few repairs it would bo as good as new, or for tho collector's purpose considerably bettor. TIliB will probably fetch a high price. The minor curiosities, or what one might call the. portable ones, are being snapped up day by day. Tho Louis XVI. clock, in tho Place du Car rousel is gone, disposed of by private sale. It stopped at a lititle past nine, so something very decisive in the fire must havo happened just then. Even the walls might be sold stono by stone as memorials, and some of these would have a doublo value, for . they are of archaeological interest as well. The buildrag exhibits half a dozen different stylos of house construction. An expert will tell you that such and such ironwork or stone is six teenth century, and that one bit of a wall is twice as old as its adjacent parts. It was very " composite" indeed, and every occupant had left his mark upon it. One ancient style is seen in walls that are merely veneered with stone, and have all tho Bpace between them filled with a kind of concrete — tho poor feeble beginnings of jerry building in the time of Catherine do Medicis — in our day they would havo left the concrete out. The way to the upper towers lies across yawning chasms of ruin bridged by planks. Tho winding stair has been turned by the drift rubbish almost into a winding causeway. The view from the top well repays the trouble of tho ascent ; you see Paris as you can see it from no other point in the capital — tho whole stretch of the Champs Elysdcs in pure perspective, and the river hard by. The Tuileries had it3 ghost, aud it was a local not a family spirit. This is a nice and important difference, and tbe want of due at tention to it has sometimes led to difficulties. A friend of tho writer who had taken cham bers in Lincoln's-inn on the express under standing that they were haunted was disgusted 'to find that tbe ghost disappeared with the late occupant. Ho was in the nature of personal property it appears, whereas the new tenant thought that the use of him was included in the purchase' of the fixtures — that he was " in tho walls," in fact, with other visitants of the midnight hour. The Red Man of the Tuileries, on tile contrary, has appeared all through the history of the build ing, though, in the stirring time before the Revolution, he was naturally more often on duty. He used to be seen at dead of night leaning in a sombre fashion with folded arms over tho staircase, or at one of tho great win- dows overlooking Paris. A few davs before the 10th August Mario Antoinette's women rushed into her apartment to tell her that they had just seen him iu the guard-room during the absence of the guard. Ho looked steadfastly at them with a faco of unutterable woe. He w.as last 6een during tho Commune. The old watchman who had charge of the build ing was going bis rounds one night when he became aware of a Bcarlet-clad figure in tho gloom skulking behind one of the pillars. He made for it, but it seemed to pass round tho pillar nnd disappear. Ho looked about every where, but there was nothing. The old man liad his own reasons for thinking that he might havo been deceived on this occasion, so he took nothing but coffee after dinner next night before making hie rounds, yet there was tbe Red Man again. This time he was lean ing meditative! - on liis arm, and looking down on Paris. The watchmiaD shouted at him ; ho tnrned round, faced him with the Bame look of icy woe, and disappeared. The old man' ran for help, late as it was, and they made a , thorough 6earch of the place. They did find something red ; their search ended in a sauve qui peat., as thoy saw the first glare of the in; cendiary fire that was to jpduce the Palace of the Tuileries to a heap of ruins. 