Charges Against the Rey, John Osborne. The inquiry xespeoting the charges preferred against the Bev. Joan Osborne was continued at the district meeting in the York-street Wesleyan Church on Thursday and Friday. PreviouH to the inquiry being proceeded with on Thursday morning, attention was called to the reports of the pro ceedings whiob.' appeared in the daily papers. Great indignation was expressed that any mem ber or members of the meeting should act so un worthily as to convey to the Press reports of the proceedings before the case had been settled. The reports which had been published were unfair and unfaithful. It was then resolved that the writers of the reports should be charged with committing a breach of privilege. Such a proceeding was strongly condemned, and one member present declared that he would not be brought into bondage by any suoh 'Star-chamber' attempt. This expression was subsequently withdrawn. The resolution, however, was ultimately passed by a large majority. On the motion of the Bev. G. Hurst, it was then rasolved, — ' That a full report of the pro oeedings, containing the entire evidence, with the findings of the meeting, be published in the daily papers at the closaof the case.' The meeting then proceeded to take evidence on the remaining charges, viz., ' General mode of preaching' and ' Ministerial | conduct in the circuit.' On the first of these charees. evidenoe was eiven bv the Bev. J. B. Ws.teib.oum, who stated that he had heard Mr. Osborne's sermon on Buddhism, and felt deeply pained as he left the church, at the almost entire absence of Methodist dootrina throughout the dis course. The Bev. G. Hurst, who had heard Mr. Osborne on several occasions, described what to him appeared objectionable peculiarities in his style of preaching. Regarding Mr. Osborne' 8 ministerial conduct in the circuit, evidence was received by letter and by oral testimony, but was not regarded as implying any thing serious. This completed the evidenoe in the case. Mr. Osborne then addressed the meet ing at considerable length in his defence. He spoke with great seu-poEseGsion, clearness and 'force, and was listened to throughout with marked attention. He commenced by stating his belief in all the cardinal truths of Christianity. In referring to his sermon on Boman Catholicism, he re peated what he had before said, that his purpose on that occasion was honestly and fearlessly to exhibit the excellencies and faults of the system. He pointed out that nothing he had than tittered on Borne of the excellencies of this system was half so broad or forcible as passages to be found in the writings of Wesley on the same snbject. Two or three of these passages he read. He maintained that ' his . teach ing in that sermon on Romanism was not at variance with the standards of the. Method- ist Churoh. While he . felt that his motives were pure aad honest in striving thus to do men good, and especially to be useful to Boman Catholios, he oonld not retract anything he had said on the sub ject. He had corn* to the York-street Church with no other purpose than to preach Christ and Chris tianity ; and he was determined, shonld it be the will of his brethren to give him the opportunity, to con tinue to do so with all Ids might. He had already been greatly encouraged in his work in the city, and sincerely hoped nothing would occur to interrupt him in this vrork. Mr. Osborne then retired from the meeting, that his pre sence might in no way embarrass the decision. After long and careful ooaaiderfttion, the following resolu tions wars adopted:— 'That after hearing Mr. Oa borne* b frank aeclaatioa of his belief in. the Deity of the Lord Jesus Christ, in His atonement for sin by His death, in the Deityof the Holy Ghost, in the plenary Inspiration of ti» Iloly Scriptures, and in the efficacy of prayer : having heard also his declaration of sin cere attachment to Hefhoaiat doctrine generally as embodied in our acknowledged standards, we cordi silysAoapthisatataaMntaufallandBfttisfaotory. At the same time w« nrcet that hia method of presenting these troths is at tunaaao inexact as to produce the impression on the minds of some that he u erroneous in doctrine. 2. In reference to the sermon delivered in tbe York-street Churoh on Sunday evening1, April £2, 1B8S, on Bomam ' Oaiholiowm, we aro coavinood thai Mr. Otboro* Is aoond in the doctrine* of Pro testentiam, »? held by tke Methodist Church. Yet from £b«a*ideao» we an satisfied that in the former part of his dlsoomse h» was so unguarded in bis state ment as to appear to wdtntaoe. doctrines not ia harmony with our standard*. 3. That the proaU dent oommuniotta tha f ongoing resolutions to Mr. Osborae.' 