HARRY BLOOMFIELD 011, rse .iDvBNToUis OF AN ElAINLY AUSTILALL5N SQUATTER. BY 'ANGtUS. M'LBAN. (CONctrcUeD.) This was a dangerous and awkward .clardo to entrust to me, and I wished in .my heart that the delicate confidenc had .been placed in soine',more. disinterested hands, for I found my heart in:a strange place, of excite. mant after the late interview with the beauti ful Sydney girl. My great disappointment at Edith's inconsisteny-- theproof of which I had:that day read from her own letter to my sistr--instigated the sudden' revolution in my feelings towards Winnie Graem.' Here was a charming creature, equally if not more beautiful and accomplished than the one who deserted oe, and, as I suspected, sohe loved me more passionately and devotedly than ever Edith had. But how was I to anot in the present juncture ? Would I become a traitor to my friend IHamilton, who had placed such unbounded confidence in my fidelity. It was a hard struggle, and the temptation I feared'was beyond my power of withstanding or resisting. But lest my friend should sus. pect anything, some unfortunate, voice whis-. pared that I should 'go often to visit Miss Greem. ' "I thank you for the confidence you place in me, Hamilton," saidI, "but' these love affairs are ratlier delicate subjects to interfere with. However, I lhall use my advocacy in your favour so far as is consistent with my own cbnsclence." "Thait is right, Bloomfield; I shall expect no more. And now before,wsepart I trust you will visit myiunocle Oraem any leisure hour you find,;for have son any engigements that you cannriotxpect me to accompany you always, especially at business hours. I took leaveo of my fiend, andl dirimted my. steps tpwaed my hotel; where an invitation to the Goverser'i ball awaitld'me. 'Ivisited Graem's-frequently, for I found myself irresistibly:attracted to.the enchanted. bower,, where I .freely drank intoxicating draughts of love. I beoame a jreat favourite with the rest of the Groam family, for Hamil. ton's sake, among whom were young beautiful flowers budding, but none, promising sull charms as the eldest displayed. I lived in .Elysium during the few days which preceded the Governor's ball, and Edith Mowbray was almost entirely banished from miy memory; but once or twice when I thought of her a sudden pang shot through my heart, and an involuntary sigh escaped me, plainly telling mae tlmt shelo still held a deep hold on roy affeo tions. I had not betrayed the trust placed in: mle by Iamilton by a word. I faithfully advo eated his cause, but without avail. Winnie, instead of inclining towards hint, daily widened the breach, and at last actually forbade my inttoducing the subjectatall. Alas for human nature. This resolve on her part pleased rather than disappointed sme, for I had now more proof of the reason by which shen was sotltlted. I felt flattered and lost. CHAPTER XXXII. Tihe much-talked-of baU at length, arrived, at which Her Majesty's new, representative in Victoria entertained the then hlite of the colony. Much speculation had been indulged in of late in Melbourne as to tihe impression which the newly-arrived Governor would make on the pubhi. His popularity in the colony, it was known, would entirely depend on sagacity and good government, qualities which his pro. decessor had failed to manicest. Elaborate preparations were' made in thie shape of pur chasing dresses, especially by tho' fairer por tion of the conmmunity, for the grand occasion. I arrived moderately early at Goverment House, the ball-room wad litted out for the occasion in magnificent style, and all thearransgements were carried out with taste and completeness. The ladies were dressed in a gorgeous and expensive style l but I'was not a little proud to observe that the lovely Miss Graem oxcelled them all in beauty and brilliancy. The notice she attracted before she had long arrived was manifested' among the group of gentlemen around me. ' ' " Who is'she ?" said one. ' ' "My eyes, whlit "a 'itunnerl" exclaimed another.., "What a gldrioui' sreatsure. Doesn any one knoiv her iana" as?" ked a'tlilrd.' : "Ask Bloomlld'tliotre," remarked noe of my sacqaintasties; and 'an eager' crowd at oace lthlered,round me, preising me'for the Caiashedfrinfosmation. I answered with as ',sumined Icdiffernen-- ;. " All I know about the lady is that her name is Ms Graeen, and that shon is a Sydney native." " By jingo," said ono, " I often Iheard of the hsetisul Sydney natives, but never until this Onomslit had such proof." "Bilomfleld is a luIky dog to be ne ,luainet with such a rare beaonuty," whispered anuother. Hamilton came near at this mo maent, when I stopped to one side: 'witll him. -ils first observation was SDoesn't Winnie look well to night, Bloom. ield? " "She looks charming, Hamilton. All the gentlemen present are struck with hler beauty, so that you mustlook sharp after your prize." "I thialc that you ought to assist me in the defence f thie fair citadel, Bloomfieoll, and imonopolise her company when I am not near, for I woul tire her by larcssing my company tof iuelh; and bosides, youen are getting as ini meanseo favourite with laer," "Poor Hamilton," I thought, "you are not so deep in love matters as yo are in. legal ; otherwiso you would not rely so much on your friend's assistance." I felt for tholmoment a strong conviction that I was not dealing hon ftiy with illy friend, But, alas I the conscien. seuas scruple soon vanished when I found 'my self engaged with Winnio in the mazeos of the exciting dance. Oh I the delirium. of those dollelous moments as we wlirled round the hrilliantly.lighted hall.,-, The eonseiousness that I was loved in roturn':bthe acknowledged bolld ofthlie ball, whoso dazzling loveliness at tracted so much. attention, was sufficient to brealk down the barrier of reserve which'I had constructed for the sake of my friend HIamil. ton.; Isliall loavo omy case in tihe hands of a jurybf bf chelors, who may have found them. solves whirlirig in, the dance' inder cirocm-. Stances similar to my own. "I could not lelp acknowledging my love. Several times the image of Edith lMowbray appeared to my mind's eyo; but remembering how cruelly she had deserted me, pride each time came to my relief. "A Al I thought, "would shed were here now to see the chllarming cheaturo that leans on niy arm, and return the nffec tion which sho has opurned." Twice I imagined, while meditating thus, that I caug'ht' gliipso of thlie, deep.blue eyes which bhad'liudlodl my boyish'love, and. the 'same; grceful'figure in the persdh of a lady cho whirled with her partner near us ; but I cns', too full of my own th~oughts to take mucsh notice of the resemblance. I remember pausihg for 'a' few eonds to rest, and also to give my partner abe htter op portunity of replying to my ardent proposals. My arm, supporting her waist, and her left hand rested upon i m shoulder, while the other was detained by ieie. Thus we stood back out of the course of the dancers. I bent mny face close td'her ear, saying-, 1 " Ishall be very proud, Winnie, of engaging the greatest beauty' here this evening it she will only say tlio little word that my heart is yearning to hear." She blushed and bent'down h6r cyes, as if I shunning the gaze of some one behind, in which direction her eyes were turned, without replying to my question. " What do you say, lovely one ? Ain I tlhen mistaken in your affection ? 'For pity's sake, relieve me out of my'misery." ' A gentle pressure of both her hands inter. rupted the protestation, gnd she vbispeored ," The lady behind will overhear. She is e casting suspicious looks towards you." I changed my position d little in order to face a lady and gentleman who I know were I standing lilts ourselves out of the dance to i rest, when my eyes encountered the same orbs I which had flashed upon me several times in I the waltzl. Was it dreaming or was it the ghost of EdithMlowbray which stood before t me? I was transfixdd- unable to move or articulate a word. A stifled scream proceeded from the lady, who but for her partner's as sistance would have fallen. Her checks be came very pale, and she appeared as if about to faint. Her partner assisted her out of the saloon, while I stood where I- hlid first seen her in a most perfect state of bewilderment. Winnie gazed at me in utter astonishment, and her words," " Come into the air," brought t me to my senses. " Willingly," I replied, conducting her mechanically through the throngof loungers. " Do you know who that lady is ?" she en qiuired eagerly. "I think Ido; bull am not certain," I re plied evasively. . " I noticed her several times watching us during the waltz. BDut what a lovely woman she is, far handsomer than poor me, although you flatter me so," said she, slightly pouting. SiShe is not handsomer Winnie; of that I am positive; but here comes your cousin, and he will find out yho she is." When the question weds put to Hamilton, ihe exclaimed- " S"Bless you, hat, was Miss Mowbray', a connection of tle Governor's by mnarriage. 1 Why, everybody Is crazy about, her. beauty. I'hceard a lot of fhllows argiuing whether she or a certain other lady I know. is the hand somer, and opinion seeined to be divided. But I believe she is engaged to the Private Secretary, Mr. Stanley, who is a nephew of the Governor. Why, what is the matterwith you, Bloomfield ? You look as if you had seen a ghost." After leaving Winnie withl her mother, I Hamilton and I stepped into the refreshment room. I now remembered, that although I had told lhim of my disappointed love and the flikleness of my fair onc. I had never men tioned leer name. Now when he was apprised of the facts lhe manifested great surprise. That Miss Molvbray was still single confoun dled us, nor could we account for the mystery. "Why, she has repented, Bloomfield ; you'll find that out yet. The fellow appears to be quite spoony about her, sticking to her like a leech since they entered 'the hall; but she does not seem to care very much for hile." "What is he like, Hamilton? I was so confounded that I never noticed his looks." " Why, I must confess he is a handsome fellow, but not so manly in appearance to my fancy as you are." ' Our conversation was interrupted by several friends entering the room, amongstc whom was the Colonial Treasurer, who came nearme, saying with a significant smile "HuIIcllo, Blooirfleld, you muset be in high favor here. The Governor's private secretary was inquiring whether a gentleman of your name was at' the ball to-night, when I answered him in the nflirmative. He was also cnquiring about some other namewhich I for. get; but on hearing who you were he was satisfied. I expect to hear you being sent for one of these fine days." I guessed the reason of the private secre tary's enquiries about me, although I did not satisfy the Treasurer on the subject. . Tiho re action which suddenly tooki place in my feel ings on beholding Edith Mowbray so unex pectedly was most extraordinary. Although I had wished, her present several times that evening to witness my conquest of the beauti ful Miss Graem, and to see with what indif forence I treated heer inconstancy, when she actually stood before me I felt like a criminal, especially when Isuspectedthat shounderstood what had passed between my oharning partner and myself. However, on reverting to her letter I considered myself quitojustilied in my conduct amnd pdrfectly free. I debated withll my self on the subject while returning to the ball room, where I behold the sobjet of. my thoughts. , Mr. Stanley was still in:her com pany, or rather was her partner in a dance.: On, tied inext dance being about to.boleginthe gentle nian, after a whisper from Miss fowbra, ap pronoeached me, introdueingheimself, and dding: SI ha thio ploasur of informing you that I am comniissioned by Miss Mowbray to pro sent her compliments, and ask that you will favor her with your company, as she . has some. news for you from your friends at home." Io observed that Miss Mowbray had left the hall when Stanley came to mne with the mes sage, and when I accepted the :insitation he eonducted me to a smallapartment or private room. On entering he announced my name, formally introduoing me to Miss Mowbray, and then quitted us. ' Edith was standing in the icntra of the floor, and approached me with a sad kind of smiln, saying.-' S"I a laoppy t6 seae you, Mr. Bloomfieold, Safter such a long separation. I hope you liave been well since last I hoard of you." S"Perfeootly well, Miss IMowbray; you are welomeo to Australia." l"Thianktyou. traiy, take a seat ;1 lhave some news to tell you from homse," .ashe said, placing a chair for me, and taking one her self." "Hnome news is always acceptable to a colomst," I replied in the sameo cool and dis. ant tone.. She heavedl adoopsigh, which she strove to conceal. "I did not imagine," she said, " when we parted in Englaned many year.s ago that our. o meeting ugaci wsould be so cold and're-. s served. " Neither did I, Miss MIowbray," I replied ncoldly; "bbut time alters many things it ad seoms." A pause ensued, during which I for the first time thatrovening scanned thu face of my companion as she sat with her head bent downward, nervously playing with her watch chain. Shit was little changed since I had last seen her, cobept that from a girl she had expanded into a woman, and that her beauty was in a much more pronounced character' than in those old days. I was struck when I Ieard her voice with its similarity to that of Edwin, her'cousin, whom she resembled also in face. From some unknown cause she started several tihies at my voice as I spoko to her. " I suppose you havo nio heard as yet that your sister Rose and min brother Alfred are married," she remarkedin a trembling voice. " I had a letter a few days ago, intimating that tli marriage would talke place in a week froni that.dats." !'Then you have heard from Rose lately?" she added, with seeming uneasiness. " Her letter was written after yob left for London to join your aunt ; bti I iever sus piected that it was your relative 'who came as' Governor here, for Rose never mentioned his name, but said that lie was appointed an Indian Governor, and was returning thence." " So lee thought liimsoltf; but. he was. ap pointed for thiscolony at the last moment. Did Rose say any more about me l' she on luired timidly. "She did, and even enclosed md your note to her from London," I replied significantly, while I watched my companion's counten ance. I perceived that she trembled at the words, and turned away her face. I judged that she was agitated, but con-, sidored that she deserved the pain which was inflicted by the news. " Of course you thought the news in that letter extraordinary, and I may even say cruel." " I expect it is too late to talk about the subject now, so with your permission we will drop it," I replied coldly. * "I dare say you are right. The subject is too painful to be introduced at our first most ing, and I expect you arc imliaticont to get back to the ballroom. I trust you will forgive me for detaining you-so long from your beautiful partner, who I have no doubt will be the future Mrs. Bloomfield." "Not before Miss Mowbray is changed to Mrs. Stanley," I replied bitterly. !' That will be never," Edith remarked with emphasis, surprising me very much: "1But you'lave not mentioned the lady's name,"' she pursued. " I must confess she is one of the hlndsomest girls I ever beheld." "Her name is Miss Graenm-a native of Australia. So you see, Miss Mowbray, we can produce passable specimens of female beauty." " I fear she may get jealous at me detaining you, so we had better return to the ballroom. But before we part I must ask you to visit mei some " other day, as I have several things to say which our short interview at present for bids. I shall inform my aunt who you are, so that your company at Government House will be always acceptable." " Thank you, Miss Mowbray ; I shall avail myself' on your kind invitatidn on. some future day. Are you engaged for the next waltz? If not, may I have the pleasure of engaging you." "Undoubtedly for the sake of old times, Mr. Bloomfield." She took my arm, and we re-ontered the ballroom just as a waltz was beginning. 'I saw Hamilton with'his cousin walkaway when Edith and. I took our places on the floor. Thinking that Winnio was indisposed, when the dance was over I enquired for Hamilton. I was informed that Miss Graem's party hld left, and that shel was unwell. I was very uneasy on hearing this, and feared that IHamilton lhad revealed my'secret. Alter parting with Edith in better humour than I had anticipated at our meeting that evening, I gained my hotel, my mind 'filled to overflowing with ,strange and conflicting cmotions. CIHAPTEIl XXXIII. A PAINFUIL INTERVIEW. Tim day after tihe grand ball had far advanced before I leoft my coch. The events of the previous evening appeared to my mind like a strange dream. My sensations were of the common kind experienced by those who meditate with a cool head over the doings and sayings of a' night of glitter and gaiety that carries people invariably along beyond their everyday pace. I now felt ashamed of the vows I had made in the ear of Winnie Graem, and which I could not now fulfil till Edith Mowbray became somebody's wife, for I was resolved not to be the first to break the troth which we had pledged.' One thing I could not fathom-why Edith declared so positively that she never would become Mrs. Stanley. Could they have quarrelled or broken off the engagement? That did not seem possible, as they had appeared very friendly at the ball. But who else then could she have loved so deeply ? Who else could have caused her to desert her afllianced lover? These were the questions I asked myself without finding any definite or reasonable answer. My mind was much disturbed about WinniE Graem, and tile sad look she had cast at Edith and myself as she loft the ball room ligeored before me. I resolved on visit inug iHamilton at Iris offllice about the time of closing business, so as to have an uninter rupted interview with him. Parliament was to be bpened next day by the Governor in perdon, and great preparations were going on amongst the members for the special occasion. iunctual to time I arrived at Hamilton's olle, which I found him about to leave; but on seeing me lie asked 0me into his private room. I was sorry to see that he received me very coldly, aid that something unpleasant pressed hoeavily upon his mind, I opened the convoersation by remarking- : \- "Yonu seem very dull1Me milton;,after last night." : " n "I wish I had never gone to to' ball, Bloomfield," he replied solemnely. SHow is this? Surely you could'not wish for better enjoyment?" "It-may have proved very pleasant to'you, Bloomtield, but I fear it has proved the reverse to mo.. I ant quite miserable since." . "I am very sorry to hear it, Hamilton ; but to toll you tlhe real truth myi owni happiness hls nut gained by the event. 'But how is Miss Graom? I was old when I attempted to seek you out that she loft unwell." "S?ne was taken ill as.you weore informed, and she was eonlined to her room when I loft this morning." . .. S"in am very sorry to hear it. 'I suspect she had to dance too often, and got overheated, which is ratther dangerous." "I fear there was emore than that the cause of her indisposition, Bloomfield; something that may prove more serieus." "Anod hlaye you any clue to wvhat that is, Hiameilton? There used be no secrets ct-e ween us, and I trust that I have not forfeited your confiednce since last evening." " Itis a painful subject for m to mention; but as you are concerned I consider it impora. tive oneno ts inform you, although I will aquit you nf any trenehsrlees intention in the matter, Ihavo found out at last Winnie's unknown lover, anu if I ael neot mistaken you have gaessed him also of late. you need not col or up, Bloomfieold; I am not going to lay any charges against yopi for a brroach of trute; for I well understand neow the delieacy and hlesita tlon you manifested when I proposed that you should pay some attention to my cousinsl on all oceasions, and partielarly at (overntlnent House last night, in order to knep others from paying theiraddresses to her. It was not un til ydu held thatconference with your old love, Miss Mowbray, that the truth flashed upon me, and that Winnio'a secret was made man ifest. After I loft. the refreshment room and returned to her, we wontamongst tholoungers, when she eagerly questioned me on the sub jet; and I must confess, wheedled the whole ercret of your former engagement with Miss Mowbray from me. The revelation was too .much for hler, anid she then told'me the secret of her own love.; I could easily per ceive t, e agony she was suffering when I told her I suspected her unknown lover. She could not deny the charge, but craved that I should not by word or hint betray her secret to you. I did not exactly promise that, but satisiced her at the time ; for since I informed you before that there was such a barrier be tween mo'and her affections, I have thought it more honorable to apprize you of the real facts that we may determine on the best hourse to pursue for the future. I must now declare to you that if say promise of marriage has taken place betweeonyou and my cousin, and if you consider yourself free from your engagement with Miss! Mowbray, I will freely withdraw any pretensions to my cousin's hand, although it will cost me a sore pang. I need not say that this is greatly for her sake'." "You are a noble fellow, Hamilton. I trust though that mattern will turn out better yet for us botlh. As you have said, I had some suspicion that I was the uncsn scious and undeserving object of Miss Graoom's attachment; but then I never dreamed that we would meet again, and' did not thinle it well to apprise yolh of suspicions, which might after all hbe iunfoqnded. I must soy that I was partly sorry that Miss Graem's family came to M(lbourne, and that I was thrown in' her waylthrough your friendship. You may imagine the delicate position I was placed in through tihe confidence you reposed in me, and the great temptation whioh was daily before me in the company of your charming cousin, and under which I almost surrendered, notwithstanding my loyalty to you. The words I uttered last night while in the excitement of dancing with Mids Graem I do not think she took much notice' of, so that yet she is free from any engagement with mr." " What a fool I must have been, Bloom field, not to foresee the danger of throwing you so much together. I fully exonerate you from all blame,r and admit that you have acted lhonorablylin the matter. But let us dismiss this painful subject, and return to your own and Miss Mowbray's affairs. I would like to know how your conference last night ended, and whether it;is to be peace or war between you." ' I went through as much as was permissible of the details of the conversation between my. self and Edithl " She repents. You may take my word for that," he said, when he had heard me out. "Anpthcer such consultation, and she will surrender. Stanley is not the 'man for Gal way;' you may depend upon that. It must be another case of unknown lover, like my fair cousin's. These ladies are a mystery, which we poor bachelor devils are unable to comprehend." I'explained to him my position in regard to Wihnie Gracm. "You should call upon her as usual by all means," he said, "otherwise she will sus pect.I have told you all';t for I would not for the world that she thought you in possession of her seeret.' I have now no fear of your committing yourself ;, and mind, if" it is a case of separation between you and -Miss Mowbray, I shall not stand between yourself and Wminie. So good-bye, and no more excuses." My friend then parted with me for that day. After leaving him I directed my steps to wards Mr. Graem's house for the purpose of ascertaining how Winnie was after her sudden indisposition on the previous evening. On enquiring of one of her sisters I was conducted to the drawing-room, and after a little delay Winuie made her appearance. She looked far froms well, arid a sickly smile played upon her face as she invited me to sit down. "I was grieved to hear that you had boon taken ill last evening, Miss Graem; I fearyou took too muoh-exeriseo during the first part of the night." " It appears so, Mr. Bloomileld. Indeed, I was so excited and happy on the occasion heat I was quite regardless of anything but dancing. It is often the case that in the midst of our happiness some calamity or sick ness overtakes us." A deep sigh escaped her. She bent down her head, and fixed her eyes upon her hands. " I have just left your cousin, Mr. Hamil ton," I said, "and he led me to understand that lee had communicated to you certain facts regarding the position in which Miss Mowbray, whom you saw last night, snd myself stand., I consider it due to you that I should make some apology for my behavioun last night, to show you that I did not intend to trillo with your feelings. What I uttered were the true sentiments of my heart. Little did I imagine that I should meet Edith Mowbray at the ball, or even see her again in this life: Her presence in the colony still un married surprised me very much, for I had heard from my sister that site was to be married shortly, and had actually withdrawn from her engagement with me, which I suppose she considered as the result of a childish freak, but which Ion my part would not have broken for worlds. I need not go thlrough tthe his tory again, Miss Gramn, as Hamilton has told you the details. I may, however, say that I do not consider myself free from my early vows while Miss Mowbray remains single. I had positive proof in her own hand. wrfting that she had reposed her coenfdehee in another, and I had more spirit than to crave backbher love. She, however, declared last night that a match with the Governor's nephew (the Private Secretary) was not to take place ; and who her lover lsI am unable to discover. The reason she sent for sse last night was to communicate some news front my friends at home, particularly about her brother's marriage with my youngest sister. I aen exceedingly sorry if I Ihave in the slight esat degree interfered with your cousin Hamil ton's prospects; but as I have said, the subject need not be pursued further at present." "I wish I was of your disposition, Mr. Bloomlield," replied Winnie with a perceptible blush. " I would sacrifice anything, even life before love, because I believe it is given to us from above, and therefore not our own pro. perty to freely deal with. It is too hallowed a thing to be bartered or trifled with. As for your interference or obstructing my cousin's expectations I think every person is free to act forhimeslf in such a delicate matter. With re gard to nmy'returning my cousin's noble and generous affection, I amn not capable of doing so, for I have no heart to give him, and that he already knows. If, however, I am so un fortunate as to love in vain, I would sooner entrust my happiness to my cousin thlan any other." I perceived that she was affected very much, and therelore changed thIe subject to remark on the grand party of the evening before; andl after some hlittle talk on that subject, she regained some of her usually lively spirits. After an unusually long visit I departed, promising to return next day. OIIAPTIt XXXIV. A BTrANGE o IrOPOBITION. - STuae day for the opening of the first Victoriac P'arliament-a day memorable in the history of the colony-at length arrived. The Council chamber was filled with ladies, and crowds of spectators, who could not gain admittance, stood outside.the doors of the Parliament House... The approach of the Governor and party, who came under an escort of the troops, and -whoso advent was announced with firing of lguns, caused 'a thrill of expectation in the breasts of those who were to take part in the work of legislation. When we were sum moned to the Council' Chamber I saw Miss Mowbray blooming as usual amongst the covernor's party, and my heart boat as I had not felt it 'eat for many a day as our eyes met, and I fancied that she smiled in the distance. I attended for some time closely to my Parliamentary duties, and did not visit Miss Mowbray, though I several-times saw Winnio Gracm, and endeavoured to show her the attachment I had had for Miss Mowbray, in order to excuse myself somewhat for my conduct at the ball. She took all I hhd to say in good part, and never showed that she cared in the least, except once I thought, when she was asked to sing "The native girl's lament," which the reader will remember, and whelh she backed out of, while a hot blush suffused her face. Some days after the opening of parliament I received a note by the Governor's orderly. It was from Edith Mowbray, and requested me to see her at Government HouEs as soon as possible. I of course posted away to iulfil the engagement, but not with the very pleas antest of feelings, for I surmised that the marriage with Stanley was perhaps being brought on by the Governor and Miss Mow bray'seaunt, and that I was wanted to give a release from the engagement. When I arrived 1 was shown into the same room in which our first interview had taken place, and there found Miss Mowbray looking even more blooming than before. She received me with great cordiality. After she had excused herself for sending for me, and I had made my excuses for not attending to my promise that I would visit her, and alter, we had chatted for a few moments about Miss Gracm's health,'while I noticed hear watch my countenance narrowly, she said "It I am not mistaken I think-I heard that you have a cousin or second cousin in Australia named Baxter." "I have, Miss Mowbray; he is managing my stations on the River Murray." "I believe he resembles you very much," she added, lowering her gaze. "There is I believe a great resemblance between us. But who told you ? My cousins, the Maxwells, who were dig ing with him." " Oh I indeed you are right. I heard him mention the Maxwells, and he was very partial to them, particularly the young one." I felt rather nervous: during this conver sation, and began to play with my fingerse, when Edith, who was also somewhat embar rassed, noticing the ring that Edwin had given me, asked me to see it. I toolk it off, and handed it to-hor. . "Oh I what a rich ring that is I I suppose it is colonial gold and manufacture. Let me see what are these initials, E.M.," she said, with excited curiosity. But on deciphering the initials a sudden pallor spread over her 'face as she involuntarily said, " 0 my God I what have I done l" Instantly- checking herself, however, she covered her face with her handkerchief. I was fairly mystified at this singular con duct. Could she have imagined that I was actually engaged to some other lady having those initials ? "You are doubtless surprised at my con duct, Mr. Bloomfield, but that ring on your finger was the means of explaining some doubts which were in my mind. You need not look disturbed when I say that I have discovered a little secret of yours. It was yourself that became gold.digger and partner of the Maxwells, and not your cousin Baxter. Is it not so ?" I was fairly found out, and admitted my deception. "But how did you imagine it to be so?" I asked. "Simply by that ring ; because Edwln told me that he and Baxter had exchanged rings with their initials engraved upon them, and faithfully promised to wear them ever after wards in remembrance of their friendship while at the diggings." "I must plead guilty to the charge, Miss Mowbray, but I trust you will pardon the little imposition I played upon your cousins. When I explain the true reasons for my digging under an assumed name you will not con demn me altogether." I then related the events which had induced me to become a digger. "I will excuse you, Mr. Bloomfield ; but at the saunme time I mu'st remark that the impo sition was carried rather too far; for, if I was rightly informed, you surreptitiously became aware of some secrets of mine which wore in my cousin Edwin's possession. It was really too bad to deceive the boy." I could perceive a smile playing upon Edith's lips while she spoke. "I indeed became aware of some trifling matters regarding you at'our first acquain tance; but before we parted a more serious and overwhelming disappointment to me came to my knowledge-that I had lost your love for ever. This was confirmed afterwards by your own letter to my sister Rose, which filled inp my cup of misery." . "0 spare me, spare me, Harry I I know all. But did not my letter' state that there was some mystery in the case which I could not tell or explain ? " " I believe it did,'Edith:;. But 'hiiit know;; lidge could' heal' my ivounds whon' you declared'that you had transferred your love to another ?"' "It was in that the mysteiy lay. But what use is there in lamenting what I am unable to explain? Oh I Harry, it you knew all you would both pityand forgive me. But-- alas I shall be the greatest sufferer." " You make me more miserable than over, Edith,"I replied. "What secret could induce you to break the vows we entered into? And why hide it from me and prevent me judging of your actions? " "I may be forced to explain the whole yet, but not now, Harry. Do not press me too I much at present. Let us change the sub jeot. We changed the coversation, and my fair companion surprised me by asking with much earnestness to introduce a measure into Par liament for the protection .of the diggers against licence hunting and such inconve mences. When I asked her how she knew anything of the diggings, she said the Max. wells had told her thie abuses under which gold miners suffered, and as I nust know all about them, she hoped I would bring in a motion on the subject, and do my best to get the support of the mining members. I tried to excuse myself, stating that by a sqeuatter and supporter of the Governmcnt, which Sleaned to the squatters, such a motion would t show my want of confidence in my leaders; Sbut my fair companion would take no excusei Sbut said if I turned the CGovernment out I t could forno anotiher Ministry. She told me lshe had reasons for askling me to take action, wyhilch selie mnighst reveal some dqy sooni and was compelled before leaving, to promise to consider the matter,' and nee what couild he n doqo. ClAlPTEiR XXXV. TitE lIYST'OY EXIPAINED . .. WeVnsN I returned to town the first place I visited was Hamilton's office. After discussing some political subjects of the day, I introduced that which now occupied my thoughts. "yell, Hamilton, I have been meditating lately on your pet scheme,;. 'The Gold-fields Bill,' and have at last become convinced of its necessity in the colony, provided that it can be passed easily through both Houses." "You are a trump, Bloomfield," said he; "I knew you would some day come to that conclusion; and I have no doubt that someof the members on your sidle of the House will follow when they sec you taking an active part in favor of the measure. Should the Ministry view it as a want-of-confidence motion, all the Opposition will support it in a body. Now, since .you command some influence among the squatting members, I think you ought to take charge of the Bill, and I will of course give it all my support. I have got it ready drafted, so that you can go through the clauses, and suggest any amendments that you think neoessary that would not materi ally affect its principles." AA great sensation was manifested in the Assembly when it was seen that a supporter of the Government intended introducing such a sweeping measure, and one so antagonistic to the declared policy of the Ministry. I was then warmer in feeling and in blood than now, and was accordingly persuaded to attempt the difficult task. The eventful day canme round for the second reading of the Bill. I moved it, in a speech which I am afraid was all too crude. Peeling, however, ran high, and the Bill was carried by a con siderable majority, though the Government opposed it with all their forces. The result was the resignation of the Ministry and the formation of another Cabinet by, reader, your humble servant. As'I left the presence of His Excellency, after handing him a list of my friends, an orderly conducted me to to the little room in which I had previously conversed with Miss IMowbray. She was there again, sitting in the same place, witll the same healthy bloom upon her cheeks. I had caught sight of both her and Miss Graom in the Speaker's Gallery during the debate, and was curious to know what she thought of the war of words." " I congratulate you on your entrance into publiolilo," lshe smilingly said upon my ap. pearance. "You see I was right in my con Jecture." " Thank you, Miss Mowbray. I must con fess that my unlooked for success has been mainly attributable to the charming influence of a certain'fair lady," I said, smiling. " You remember the old proverb, Mr. Bloomfield-' A faint heart never won-.' " " * A fair lady," I added on seeing her pause and colour up. " But I have not won the fair lady yet, although my Bill (her Bill I almost saidi is safe." I thought the young lady was also won, judging by her looks the pight of the ball." "If you mesan Miss Graem, she is still free from any engagement with me, Miss Mow bray." " I have no right to question you on such a subject, Mr. Bloomfield; but so far as ap pcarances went, and a few passionate words which accidentally came to my cars, I con eluded the case was settled." " I must confess, Miss Mowbray, that I ex pressed myself unguardedly on the occasion you mention; but when you are made acquainted with the circumstances which prompted me at the time you will not be surprusdd. I became slightly acquainted with Miss Graem some years ago. I must admit that she made a strange impression upon my mind-not that I actually loved her, or that my early vows were in danger through her singular charms-but meeting her lately after an absence of some years, and on the very day when I received Rose's letter with yours, telling me so sad a tale of my first love, the feeling which I had entertained for the Aos tralian girl came back with trebled force. It was when smarting under that disappoint. ment that I sought refuge in the warm heart of Winnio Graem, whose affections I found I had unconsciously possessed since the first day I had met with her. I was confident that you were either engaged or married when I made the declaration you heard, and little thought you were in Australia at the time. I have, however, withdrawn the proposals, and explained to Miss Graem that I did not con sider myself free from my first vows while you were single." 4' "And now I suppose you want mo to release you from these vows, Mr. Bloomfield? The yoke is rather burdensome, I presume? " "Hold, Miss Iowbray I do not judge me rashly. I have not given you any reason so to presume, nor have I in the slightest degree varied in my constancy." "Pardon me, Harry. I have been the guilty party myself," she interposed, giving way to emotion. "Oh I Harry, if you but knew what I have suffered. But I dare not explain, for if I did you might thinkl my con .duct unbecoming a woman," I took her hand in mine, and as my eyes fall mechanically upon ito exquisite symmetry, a ring made of colonial gold, with initials upon it, attracted, my attention. One look was sufflicient to solve a whole world of mystery. There glittered before my staring eyes the very ring I had presented to Edwin Maxwell, and beside me sat the make-believe Edwin in the person of the first keeper of my love. The whole mystery was now explained. Edith had loved "Horace Baxter," and had thus considered it impossible to unite her fate with mine; and now when she discovered who the supposed Baxter was she felt very much inclined to sacrifico all her feelings rather than tell' me she had been at work with rhme on th. diggings. How could I have been so very blind? I could see everything so clearly now. But that a delicate and tonderly-brought.up girl 'wbhld have thought of coming to the diggings, disguising herself and encountering all the hardships and dangers of an early, gold-digger's life, I could not have dreamed at the timeo. The happiness which filled my heart at the knowledge that after all I only had possessed the love which was given to me in years gone by at the other side of the world, made up for every pang which had been drown for moe by adverse fate. " Do not your distress yourself, my darling Edith," 1 whispered softly in her car, " I have guessed all; your secret is revealed to me." - She instantly uncovered her eyes, and gazed with alarm in my face, exclaiming " How ? Is it possible ?" " By a ring. Just as you discovered that I had personated Baxter." She sprang up as it she wished to leave me, but I held her tightly in my hand. "Oh I for goodness sake let me go, Hlarry I You will hate me over after this discovery. I know you will." ' Stay and listen for a ofew seconds, dearest Edith. You misjudge me greatly. Your noble conduct deserves my admiration rather than my hate. I shall not allow you to escape until I hear from your sweeot lips that you still love Bloomiteld, silos Baxter. Allow me to remove that hand which hides thy beautiful eyes." Thie story was long, and although it owould not all bh interesting to the reader, to me it brought tloe very acme of happiness. It was a tulie filled up certainly with strange incidents. Wyhen I loft home she had beoon sent iqto Wales by her.father to some of his relatives, and whilm there had been compelled to aloot to receive this addresses of Mr. Sauley in order to throw her friends oil their guard as to tier true: feeling. This had been attended with unfortunate conse. luences; for while it had made my sister be. I:ve she had become cold in regard to myself, i;tbrought down both upon heiself and me hie revenge of poor Ellen Arnold, who had iiag:.,alied to me the assumed attachment be.o S.u se Edith had robbed her of her admirer. I [er. brother next became engaged to my sister ttose, and Mr. Mowbray died almost imme dnately after, leaving'his estate very much in. volved. Putting off his match till he should be out of dilliculties, her brother had started for the gold-fields, and she hearing that I had been killed by the blacks, and having no wish for anything now but to ho near her brother, prevailed upon him to allow her to accom pany him in the guise of a digger. They we.,, t,, cie gold-fields, assuming the names of their cousins- Andrew and Edwin Max. well.. When they left my'sister was given" to understand that they had gone to Wales, and hence' my total ignorance- of their where atiouts.. I need. detail little of what Edith told about her Australian career, as the reader already knows most of it. He does not, however, know that ere her departure for the old world, long before our exchange of rings, she had fallen in love with Baxter, even after hearing from him that his cousin Dloolnfield was safe and well. The secret of her grief in going away from the colony was partly love for Baxter and partly regret that sihe could have treated Bloomfield so coldly. As her brother was to be married to Rose, and was displeased with the supposed jilting of his intended brother-in-law, Edith did not care to remain at home, and, an opportunity offering, she joined the family of the Gover. nor, then on his way to India. At the last moment, however, and just as she had given up all hope of seeing aught of her Australian lover, the destiny of the Viceregal party was changed. Our toeeting at the ball, how she at first thought I was Baxter, and afterwards imagined I must be her old jilted lover as I breathed words of passion in the ear of the beautiful Miss Graem, was all detailed. Then came the relation of how we had found each other out by our rings, and we sat face to face without a secret between us-the past cleared of the mist that to me had enveloped it, and the present made bright as the sunniest day. "I fear, however," she said pouting as she concluded, " that you will shun me for over now that you. know all that I have done.'! ".What, my adorable Edith ? Do not talk in that way. I love you far more, if that ivere possible, than ever I did before. You after all never deserted me, for Baxter and Bloomfield were one and the same. Youhavo never yet seen the real Baxter, and if when you behold him you prove fickle enough to tall in love with him, I suppose I must put up with the disappointment." "No fear of that, Harry. But can you for. give my going to the diggings and per. sonating my cousin Edwin? Was not that indelicate ?" " Far from it, my noble girl. You made a great sacrifice for the sake of your only brother ; and, besides, you know that if you made a fool of me, I practised a little impo sition on you; so in colonial parlance we may ' cry quits."'" We again plighted the troth which had been in jeopardy so long, and in order that. there might be no opposition on her-aunt's part to her choice of a lover, Edith igtro. duced me to that lady, telling her I was then one of His Excellency's advisers. The im pression I produced was, I.tlattered myself, good ; and after a brief visit, in which much progress was made, I took my leave and re turned to the city, my brain filled up with a host of warring thoughts, on the subject of love and politics. I thinkl, however, that Cupid carried the day. CHAPTER XXXVI. Political affairs were satisfactorily arranged, the leader of the Opposition at my request accepting the post of Chief Secretary, leaving to me one less important, and better suited to my tastes. Hamilton was placed in the posi. tion of Attornoy-General. And so the Govern ment business was resumed. , I had not visited the Oraoems, or seen Winnie for some time past, owing to my late engagements, which had not left me a spare moment. On the first opportunity which presented itself, therefore, I directed my steps to Mr. Oraem's cottage. As I'was entering the hall a little chatty girl, with whom I had always been a great favorite, met me in the passage. With a significant gesture for me to keep quiet, she whispered in my ear that she was going to listen at the drawing-room door to hear her sister Winnie sing her song abount the native girls. This was evidently the lament which 1 had so often wished to hear, I therefore became an eaves-dropper to please my port little companion.' The door was a little ajar, and I could just porceive the graceful figure of the singer as she sat with her back towards us. After playing a few airs, which were among my favorites, she beo gan "The lament." The words were simple and the air plaintive. I saw that the song contained a history of the singer's love for me, which had gone forth unrequited, and been attended with so much misery to her. As she finished the song I heard her voice falter, and as I knew the cause of her grief only too well, I was obliged to wipe away a tear or two that would come forth at the moment, to the astonishment of my little companion. Seeing that it would be injudi cious to intrude at this time, I bound my little mate at the door over to secrecy, and telling her I would not stay just then, took my departure. On tolling anmfilten afterwardts what I had done he commended my judg. merit, advising me not to visit at Mr. Graem's, as my presence would be the opening up of wounds that wero slowly closing. His friends had persuaded Winnio to take change of air at the station of a relative in Sydney, and she had promised to bestow her hand upon him on her return. A few days afterwards I read with a sigh the name of Winnio amongst the passengers by one of the Sydney steamboats. It might be that I had seen the last of bher. For a time, owing to the Governor warmly espousing the cause of his nephew, I had team about the adventure of Edith and my. self coming to a sucoaessful conclusion. How. over, the fickle goddess, who had smiled upon meinpolitics, gave me one of her sweetest looks in love, and the Governor's prejudices melted away. He called me aside at theclose . of an Executive Council rpeeting one day, after I had defended his conduct in the House in relation to some despatches forwarded to the Secretary of State, and told me that as Miss oowhray seemed partial to me he would offer no objeetion to the match. . The marriage took plade shortly after with all thepomp and circumstance likely to attend a wedding at Government House; tut at the risk of incurring the displasure of my fair readers I must not stop to describe either the dresses of the ladies ar the details of tho cere mony. \WhYen we--that is Edith and l-had bidden good- bye to our numerous friends, and departed amid a shower of old shoes, as is the usual custom, we soon found ourselves out of Melbourne, on the road to the North, scamper ing away at a high rate of speed. TThe buggy I drove was light, and in it I had a pair of qnuiok.ooted bays, which measured the dist. ance with a rapidity only known to thi early Australian traveller.. In ponslderation of the great wish whith Edith hd.d to visit the scene of our digging exploits, we turned our horses' heads somewhat mut of the true course formy station on the banks of the M rfrgay. The country seemed considerably changed since last we traversed it; but on reaching Sand burst where we had first met as diggers7 the alterations in all things' were more apparent. Large and costly buildings stood now on the very ground where we had been digging; and we beheld a thriving town where commerce had ??lown as a companion to alluvialmini On leaving Sandhturst next day we passed through another familiales?it-Long Gully where our first gleam of luck had shone upon us; and hero also the change was very ap parent. Next came the memorable Eagle Hawk;' whore another mushroom town had sprung up. On looking around :me I was at treated by a large hotel bearing the name of John Brown on its signboard. Here I thought we might refresh ourselves and horses before prc'ecding further on our joumrney. We'were rather surprised to find in thegood humored.landlord my old friend Jack Brady. When we were'quite aloneI asked him how it was he had returned from Europe, for. "I thought," I said, " that you went to the old country. ' .. ' .' ' ":So I did, Mr. Bloomfield; but I soon re turned again. The home country hold no in ducements for me to stop. Nearly all my friends had either died or gone to Anoerica, and..tho . few who. remained would, not countenancoe'suohag notable character as I had bheeone ;:so Tilly and I thought it best to. ,'bont: hip,'.and take up our quarters in the most hospitable and luckiest place, we, ever: lived in." Having a-good bit ofmoney left I boughtUp the-very ground whore Iheld the unckyla imand.'ereated all these improve ments upon,it, wherel do a pretty good stroke. in the public line' .: "I am glad to hear thatyou are doing well,. Jack. But are -you not afraid some -old acquaintanes.will recognise you ?!'a s . "Natl.in the least. : The. old hands are gettingdfewer every year ; and should'an onld one come round they would never-recognise the, supple. Jack Brady. in the stout .Jack Brown; the publican.".' . "You have certainly changed a good dentl in appearance, and accumulated. a fair pro portion of flesh. Dut how is rs. Braown ?." "Bless you, she is as well as possible, and nearly as stout as I am myself.": " - At this stage Mrs.'BDrown entered, with a young Brown in her arms; who crowed lustily. when he saw us. His mothercertainly'looked as if hotelkeeping agreed.with her. -Sho'was much stouter than when I last saw her; but had lost none of her good looks. :' When. we had left the hotel after a lengthy. stay Edith told me that Mrs. Browse had recognised her as the Edwin Maxwelliof the. diggings, but that she had,promised to say nothing on the subject to her husband,: who did not suspect anything strange.' Arriving at the station: after a long' but pleasant journey we were welcomed to the' new house,' which I had' ely'completed a short while'previous. "'I introdUCed Edith"to my cousin Baxter, and saw a smile play across her features as she thought doubtless of the part which his name had' played: in 'our late history. : : Dan and his wife were the next persons, to greet us. "Oh, Cead, nmille fail he, lady, my' the blessings of St. IPatrick- our upon 'your beautiful' head," he exclaimed, witsh"truee Htibemian .zest; as he tookl off his hat in deference to Edith. " Shure; Mr.Bloomfield, you bshould .have given us lar more warnin'; till we'd have made better arrangements.!' "And cooked us a thres:decker; Dan ? " I asked. Dan only laughed at the recollection of his exploitin cooking.- - As weo'visited the obtbuildlngs of the station we met Lachlan Tommy, with his ewarthy, Rising Sun, 'carrying in her arms what I'sup-: pose I must call a native star. - " ".Well,. Tommyi,' I'remarked, " what-jlh do you'take inhand on the station now ? ' " e" Moselfr;sometimoe gentleman," sometime shepherd, and sometime stoekman." "OCh, I understand:;, ,a Jack's of all trades ?1-" '"Notalways Jackum all trade, only some time always.". ..-, -. -. "" This peculiar expression made Edith laugh heartily,*:::: - i The. advent o another. Parliamentary session called me to the inetropolis.i Edith was loth to leave the quiet of our dwelling by the banks of the" Australian Nile ;" but finding that shemust either desert it or me, she elected to resido"at Soutli'Yarra, where Hamilton had engaged us a,bouse. Here I was'agaih brought'mnto contact .with'Whelan and Lniont, who made 'my, wife 'laugh heartily with 'an account of some of the adventures wlhich woe bd shared. Whelan was doing well' int the world;' brit through the trehhery of his partner, Lamont had lost all. I was glad to be abl toe lend him, a helping hand, and as my cousin'had somei thme ago left my stations to, go into business in Sydney I appointed my old companion to manage for me, knoiing that I might look a long: time' before I found sbo trustworthy , man:`r  a ::ti?i wore on we heard that Winnio Graem wtas gradually recovering her, health and spirite and at last received an invitation to her, wedding, she, having, at length con. sented' to take' Hamilton "for better for worse.",'It Iwas; however, on condition that theyashould go upon a trip to England by the first vessel,'and accordingly the wedding was fixed for the morning .of, the day on which the"Royal Clharter was advertised to sail. A large'party of friends 'accoinpanied the bride and bridegrooni abroad, and had an,oppor. tunity of looking upon many a, smiling face of .those who joyed at the word " Hone,'" and after an absence of years almost imagined'themselves there. As I took leave of rs. Haminilton she handed me a sealed packet, which she said' I might open next day when my wife was near to hear the con. tents. It proved to be a letter in which the poor Winnio of the 'past, finding that I pos. sessed the secret of her girlishi love, asked forgiveness--though I never could see why -for entertaining the'passion. She also told me a'startling fact that I had' never heard that Laniont was well known to her, and that he hid'a onu on enthsioi saved her' from com. mitting the' crima of 'suicide:,, It was ,thb occasion on which she had been told thlat my marrige'lind 'been arranged, .nd she,aud. denly left the room, and, thirowing .a shawl over hlier bhead, went out, ad ran away from the house-she know not nor cared not whither.' Under the . infiuenc' of wild deliriumoshe had reached the Yarra, and was just plungintg itto itsniaters to escape- Anywhero anywhere, out of the world," when a strofi hand arrested her progress, and slioe fainted. On awakingeto conscious ness she found it was Lament, whd being at her father's house, and seeing' her leave the room 'is an excited manner,-had thought it wise to follow. He o convoyed her home, and as it happened fortunately that their absence had not been noticed,the o-secret had been securely kept. She asked me- to thank Afr. Lamont for his christian kindness when I saw him, as ho had not been' able to attend the wedding, and as she bead a ,presentiment'that she would never again set foot ons the shores of her own land. :,., 'ri .. . Five months and a half passed away. There was much to do, and the Parliamen. tary session was conseluently lng. '0ne afternoon, howevei, we hoerd of the arrival of the Great Britain, and viry shortly after; wards the'BIouse adjornend, each member going his own way in search of news. llMy letters I expected would be 'at home, so ( made haste there, glad to have a quiet evening after being surfeited of late with' debates. " As I approached the house tile lights told mse that scome company must have "dropped in," .as. wan theo colhmnon custom in' the' colonies at that ;time.-. I' met' Edithl" o the vorandah,asnd~.ea she looked very sad, en. I quired'what the English'news was, or if dhe adt l ntterscro om l m eb s::, r" : h e ' ' "The .nwes o very bad, H~arry" she saoid, taking me into the ante-room, and handing me an English ppeor. I do not\kno When my heart has ever been so heavy as vben red the dark column that my wife indichd..VTh Royal GlCharter had been wreaked '6ithh? aast of WVlees on the very eve of concluding?a ucqessful voyage, and when all' hear?tidoub lemslbeat with a joyful'throb at tho!'eailyhpop at of setting toot once more on theirnotive land. A few passengers had left,theoressel at Queenstown, and a few others hadbecen saved from the wreck; bet, alas, the names that we looked for with absorbing interest were contained only in the long and meurnful roll of death, added to tlhe countless thliou??ids acrificed to the insatiable maw. bof th sea.: Poor Mrs. Hamiltdn- Her presentiment was only too true.' "I have some good news for you." said Edith, rousing: me from 'a very mournfuol reverie; : "Who do you think have come outi by the great Britain ?" : ":'. ' "I don't know." '`:i. .' "Then'come ini;and allov me to introduce you to two old friends." ? ^; As she spoke she:led me into the drawing room, and to my great surprise presented me' to` Andrew Mowbray 'aind 'mysister'lose. They had come to make'a short stay in the colony, and return by the Greet Britain 'on the next tril'; and they not only -fulfilled: their 'promise, . but induced :'use:'to; voyage hdmo m their company. Edith enterbd into' the conspiracy to prevail 'upon' me to goe and :I 4erily believe that'sh'o had visions of knight.; hood; staring 'me ?in the :faceO beforem' our return: r: However, my dear 'reader, such was not'iny expectation. :I ould not see that I 'deerved such a distinction, except niy character fdr being the': wildest,. youth .- ever imported might be taken as a passport to honour.' I only thought that a visit toiEngland, and a study, of her. institutions, might fit me in thei future for taking a' more enlightened: part in the logislation of 'fmy adopted country;. ... ' i Ti Eat.' 