Soire of the Ministori.al papers, uuable to discern tLe signs of .tlic times and. recognise tho fact that the elections have gone against bhem, because a majority of the public were heartily and .earnestly .opposed to the two lead ing principles, 'of the ministerial policy ; or, still unwilling to admit the fact, arc etesting about for some feasible explanation of the disaster that has be fallen their party — so they have fixed upon the Germans as - the disturbing element. ¥e are now gravely told by tho TFestem Star that In every constituency in the colony where tho Geraiai.i form uu appreciable section of the population, they hnye boon practically th« Hi al urbii ors in the elections, and there uro but few constituencies in wbieh they are not sufficiently mimeroiis as a body to mako their inlluencc felt. .Many Liberals wlio_ will graco the. new Pur'iaineut with their presence are far more in debted to the Teutonic element in our popula tion than to tho voloj of their British-fellow-; colonists for their scats. The German foto is solid, und is cast in almost to a ram with Mr. Griffith and tho Liberal party at presont. In deed, withgur, the German vote it is certain that Mr. Griffith would have been in aminority; in tho new Parliament. We are thus brought face to i'neo wr h the curious fact that tho foreign percentage of our population, although'; not very lnrgo numerically, is, owing tn organi sation and unanimity, capable of nullifying tho- political power of the British element in the c immunity. It is hardly an exaggeration to say that the Parliament now '-hosen is more, representative of tho German than, tho British kectiun of ths'coiuinunity, owing to tho fact that tho Germans hold the balance of powor. This is a dreadful state of things ! All our boasted representative Govern ment nullified by a handful of German farmers here and there ! And ' the worst of it is that there is no help for us that we can discover from this gall-. mg bondage. These naturalised trer lnans, who own land and houses, are now fellow subjects with us , of Her, Majesty the Queen, and possess equal rights and privileges with the British born-residents of the colony, the fran chise included, and it is altogether too late in the day to attempt to dispossess them of any of those rights and' privi leges. If it be true, as alleged by our contemporary, that the British element in this community is at the mercy of the German element, we can only pray that our masters will be merciful' in the exercise of their power. Assuming the statement to be true, what a singular thing it is that the German vote should be 'solid' and 'east almost to a' man f or ? Mr. GitiVFiTir.' How is it to be accounted for ? These same Germans are, as; a rule with few exceptions, a remark ably hard-headed, plodding, matterof fact sort of people, who work very hard and take wonderful care of their money when they get it. It is true, they are the lineal descendants of the old worshippers of Odin, who married Ertha (the earth), and there1 is still .running in their blood a taint of the old deep love for this fruitful wife of. the great northern deity, as indeed is the case with Anglo-Saxons for the1 matter of that. 'We all long and yearn, more or less, to marry her too — to possess 'some portion of her which we can call our very own; and pet. and fondle in a loving sort of way, and coax and wheedle into giving 'us flowers, fruits, and vegetables superior to any she^gives our neighbours, or in greater abundance — if the thing be at all possible. But the Germans' earth hunger is very moderate and easily appeased— those of them ? who have come to' Queensland hitherto at all events — and having secured their, piece of the old goddess, they set. up 'their lares and penates and go on worshipping them in a prosaic, stpSd sort of fashion to the end of their days; paying little heed to what is going on around them, solong as they are let alone and allowed to enjoy themselves in their own homely fashion. 'What can it be. that has aroused them so mightily this general election to, vote solid— and not vote for M'Iiwb aith, MoitEHE aj-, and the party they lead ? If we understand our contemporary's argument, the gravamen of the Teuton offence is, first, in voting ' solid ;' and, second, in giving that solidvoto to the Opposition. There must surely be a cause for this singular unnnimityamong this humdrum race — and a unanimity, too, in voting for the wrong political party. , ' ' , If or is the cause far to seek if., one will devote a little, attention to the sub ject.-. Having acquired the right to vo.te for a member to represent them in our Legislative Assembly, these Germans seem to have come to the conclusion that the best way to exercise that right was to vote for candidates belonging to the political party who most truly arid thoroughly represented the opinions they held . themselves ' on the chief questions agitating the public mindat the present time. ' 'We hope 'our Koma' contemporary will' 'admit that this was a/- reasonable and justifiable conclusion to .arrive at, by Germans who had votes to give and intended' to give' them. , It doe's not' affect ' the 'argument in' the slightest degree, so f ar ^asjw'e can' 'd% cover, whether the, Germans all votjid one way ; or, if not; what proportion of them voted .on either ? side. : Granting that tliey^ had an unquestionable right t» votej it was their- duty to 'vote .for tho candidates they believed! to. most nearly represent' their '. oSvii views on political questions',' 'and ' if, as' our1 contemporary'' . affirms,' they ?? all j came to the same conclusion, and voted for candidates on the sauio side, in politics, it must have been becauso they thoroughly believed in that side ; because these German farmers aro free and intelligent agents, fairly edu cated, aud capable of thinking for themselves. They are also thoroughly independent, and as obstinate as mules when once they have fully mado up their minds on a subject. They will neither bo led'nor driven' any way which thoy have not satisfiod them selves is tho right way — as anybody can testify who has tried the experiment of coaxing orbouncing a German into doing some particular thing which ho does not feerinclined to do..- %'.-t This being granted, why, in the name of common- sense,* should German voters record 'their votes; for,- M'lLWitAiTir, Moiiehead, or candidates who belonged to the party led by these g'eiitlemen? Before the elections took 'place, the Blinisterial journals affirmed in the most positive manner that in the Aubignyi electorate a considerable numbor of Germans would vote for Mr. Pehkins ; ; that in Dray ton and Toowoomba Mr. Douoias -secured a large number of German voters ; that Mr. Affleck, himself a German, if we' mistake not, and a (.strong ? supporter of the Ministry, was well supported by his countrymen ; and -that Mr. Beitjaiiin at Warwick split the German 'vote most effectually. But why the Germans, or... aiiy considerable number. of them, should support Minis terial candidates passes our understand ing ? What has the :Ministry done, attempted to do,, or intimated a willing ness to do, for the German small farmers which would be likely to secure their confidence? Sir Tiros. ' M'lii WBAiTn's ' heroes of civilisation' — 'Jat Gould, Jut Pisk, Vandebtlt, .and their congeners— are wnot the heroes whom our Teutonic fellow colonists would be likely to : worship— quite the contrary. And the' organisation of capital into great rings and syndicates that would secure irresistible .power and influence in the State, which is tho aim and object of our Premier, and to accomplish which he is ready, and will ing to sacrifice anything and everything that ordinary^ people '?prize'-most,— this' would bo regarded .with consternation instead of admiration., by Gorman: settlers. In this,-- top,. they would be in hearty accord- with the Liberal-party, and such being the case, what could be iiiore natural or reasonable than that the intelligent among them should vote . 'solid ' for candidates of the same way of thinking? ;? . This, too, brings, us to another view of the matter from which great comfort may be derived by_ alarmists of the Western: Star, type, if they will examiup, it calmly. This . Teutonic element in our -. midst is so^ closely identified in re sponsibilites .and interests, aims, and aspirations, with tho great bulk of the . people that they are compelled to go along with ? them willy-nilly for weal and for woe. ? There is not, and there cannot be, any aim or object which the German settlers among us can cherish that is antagonistic to thai of their neighbours of other nationali ties occupying the same social plane.' Having invested their savings iii bits 'of' land, from which they are striving with might and main to' wrest a living for themselves and . those dependent upon them, they, are Queenslanders, to., all. intents and purposes, first and chiefly! whatever else they may be. Their all ?of worldly goods and possessions are here, and must remain here;' con sequently, as a mere matter -of self -pro- tection, they wHl assist, accordingto their lights, to get the : colony governed as .well as possible. If they make a mis-, ?take and assist to put the wrong men. 'into Parliaments do the governing— .so much the worse for themselves and for us. They will have to bear their full share of the consequences of tlieir ; own. want. of foresight arid' judgment. ,'Bu't precisely the same . thing ..can be. truly said of every other ;class , of : voters who: have ' a stake ' in the country, ' however .small..' This is : where we have these German settlers ion the ' hip,: so to' say.' : They' 'have .given hostages;, to .fortune and security for their good behaviour in' this ? new home they have chosen, and' 'bound them'selvjes/ to us by bonds! which' ;are;,not likely to be broken.',. In ,th'is i sense they are not bur masters at all,, ;but fellow colonists, whose duty , and interest it is to unite heartily in sccur- ing^'gobd 'governriierit ;for' the whole. This seems to be the proper way of looking at it. ' : : ': ;;jj; Zulu Wae. — There was ..anotlior largo' audience at the theatre last night. Tomorrow is- a 'conundrum Dight' when a Valuable prize will bo giren for the best; riddle on the Zulu War, also something for the worst. ? AcciDBNTAitY SnoT. — The Commissioner of Police has received information from Be^n leigh that a Cingalese named Jimmy Anderson was accidentally shot yesterday morning, near Beenleigh by another Oingaleso. Andor eon, whose wounds aro not believed to bo fatal, was at once removod to tho Brisbane hotpitilv ? SotTin BllISBAKB MBCH4HI03' IKSTITBTE: — The annual general meeting of this institute was held last night. Mr. A, J. Hockinga, tbo president, in the, ohiir. Tho . annual repor^ wlinli nnnftnrnrl in T Asf.firrf ftv'n Tfifitipnnii. vnn read by the secretary. The president moved the adoption of the report, and'in the 'course j£ hiii remarks eipres-ed regret at the com paratively small encouragement ' given to the institute by the residents of South Brisbane. B£r. G. T. C. Lang seconded tho motion, and tho report and balance snoot wero adopted. The following officers wore olected : -Prosidont, Mr. A. J. HocUnga ; vice-preBidont, Mr. P. Nott,; treasurer, Mr. G. T. O. Lang ;? and'oom mitteomon, Messrs M. Synan., J: Bnllantyno, W. Burkitt, N. Custon, T. W. Oonnah, j. B. Bllic, A. F. I.tiya, and G.iBogers. Messrs. J. ; Potta and O.W. Oopoland, auditors.- . . ; \- Metropolitan Dibth.iot CotjutOivil 3itt- ? INO3.— Tho civil sittings of; the., Sputhorn; District Court commence^ toimorrow.. morning, j The following are tho caseVwt down' for'trial : ' —Jury Ca-'O*,: M. D. \Benjairiin arid Co. (v.' J- J FriedhmderVgoodj sold andVdeiiverad, . £V4 Oa-i 8d. j' S. J. Byrno v. W.y Benhamo, money due, j £119 8s. 2d. ; John Atkinson v.Eobert JonHns, t slandar, iB26o j Donby v. Corporation 'oE 'tho municipality.. o£ 'Briabarko, diim4i{es,i:'£10p -Without Juries: A. Emnielhttinz v. P. Breiiri'ari ? broach of contract, £11; L. .iTuBack !v;. John M»nn, goods aold and dchvoreil, &i; ,0Si,7d,-ij John M'Namara'vi QeorgeXennon, libel, £20 j ) 0\. Baker v. William ' Spodo, ? professional ' services, 15s. CJ. ; O-. Harris and Co. y.' 'E.I Bicardo, accounts stated, £25 93. Gd. j .0. Baker i v; T. White, professional services, £2 7s; 6d- ; ! Aloxandor ytovenson v. Theresa Smith; dis-| honoured promissory -notp, &1\ \ '-? 'J. Xi.\ Wuersliing y. Charlos Williams, damigO5,£85f Intor- plcader Claim : O. Baker v. John Camp bell (John Hamilton CampDoll, interpleader claimant). '* Obiokhi. — A match was played on Salurdty botweon yoighboursO. C. v. the Valley O. C.,1. wliioh rosulted iu favour of tho former by thrdo. wiokotsand six runs. Tlio principal \scbrflB wero B. Howartli 22 A. Mills 20 not buV -fqr,;' Neighbours ; M'OarMiy and O'dhea batted woil: for 10 and 17 for Iho Tiilley. The bowling of' C. Grimes and Q-. Howarth, for Neighbours, aud tho bowling of Bakor aud O'Shea, for tho Valloy was very good. '?'? '?' ' , ' '' -\\. ?TOOWOOMDA GllAMltAB SOIIOOI, ? - MAGA ziNR.rrWo. havo to ; acknowledge tho re ceipt of 'No -3' of' the abovo magazine —a dainty little ? thing in mauvf covers, re minding ono veryvmueh^of a Sunday echool reward .. book . for girls, or somethiug of that kintl. But there is nothing 'goody-goody' about it except the cover.' 1 he following ex tract from a 'letter to tho editor' has such! a wonderfully familiar tone that all editors of nnwsj!Bpor« will recognise it at once :— t '.'-.?? ?'? '-? Juat look at tuo number you publisheaiast quarter^ Tho cricket takes twice a3 miicli room us it oughter ; And tlion, tho remarks of thoBO girls on epniG-ology, ?'or tboir utter insiutitv want an npology j i ??-,-- Tho rcit's not so bad, tliouKh. 'The Birds' are all stuff; Tbe Pillow Plgbt's grand, liut not lialt enough. What you really should havo is a aorial story, ., -,-, »r Full ot.murdurs, and love Bconos, nucl .battles, nndi : '-glory; ': ' ' ,'.-??-. .'.-?'. Mng in the Crusades, »nd tho Wars of tliO'Eoses,- ' With sometliing of Charles tho 1st, Cromwell, and Mosos ' For to canso nnd su-tain a raptnro oostatieal Thoro'a'noth'inglito haviiiR nn odndr sabbatical.) ''~~. Thon couiudy too should appear ia vom- pages A chaptor for each of its duTeieut stages, Tho low, ana tho hinh, »nd tho serio— th«B« ? PrpvWo ondlcsi resources cortjin to please. Then ghosts and hobgoblins, and demons, and devils And tvitciies cavorting- about in tlieir rorols And lials-slic te i spectres and Bkelotona thin, ? . A.iid imps with a ghastly B.vnnical grin, Should parodo in your paper as nure to exoito In your ronitera grim terror and foarfnl dolight. Aad aniinali too aro athenio novor tiring 1'cr those to tho ranks of keen xportsmou aspiring. (—Though I say it ub shonldu't-m judging a hoil'er, A sheop; or n liorso, without doubt there have never . Been any moro tkiltnl or famous than ito Tho natives of Queensland, the homo of the free). Spin us wonderful yarna of the bold kangaroo Tho long-legged ostrich, tho lovely omcu, : Tho ormthorjuoussua— duckbilled or otherwise— Tho suaksu und tho bandicoots, wombats, nnd walla ; bios.' To all of which the Editor humbly but firmly answers in.'a foot note.— ''Wo do not publish articles on t'o deeply interesting subjects re ferred to, for tho Bufiicicnt reason that we get nope to pnblish. Our' duties' are Bimply editorial, and our 'difficulty so far has rot been on emharras de ric/tesses, but very much the reverae.'1 ' ' ' ' i The TbamwatPbojectatTownsvilt/e. — The promoters of tho proposed tramway to. Mundingburrah (sa-B the ToioiisviUe BitlUtin of'Soptember 29) havo amalgamate,d with tho promoters of an omnibus company. Tho result is th«t the tramway scheme is temporarily post poned, but th- public will be provided with a lino of omnibuses running from the wharves through tho town and out to Mundingburrah. If this project is carried out on a sufficiently largo sc^l«, and well managed, it will bo a con siderable boon to Townsvillo people If it only moans one omnibus an hour, it .will be of no benefit to the public generally,; and although it may bo a slight convenience to those who now, live in the Mundingburrah suburbs, it ci'rtainly will not tempt other people,' to go and live there. ,, ; Citoeltv to Akim»t.s.— Biding on Friday last (sajs the Western Champion of September 28) by a waterhole in one of the large sheep paddocks near Blackall, wo Baw no lees than eighteen strong healthy young sheep bogged to their bellies in tho mud. Apparently they had boon in this p-jpitiqn for nearly a week, as tho water had dried Up in tho hole about tint length of time. All around these living Bheep w*re the carcases of big lambs, the effluvium from which was abominable. Tho writer of this paragraph extricated seven or eight of the smallest among tho sheep, and they, walked off 'os well as thev were ablo considering the mad iwith which they were hampered, hut as the .water in this place was the only witfer within miles, tho unfortunnto sheep, eren though re-. ?leased, woul.i soon perish OH thirst: ,N6 doubt many persons will sneoratthisparagraphabout' a fen;, dying ehi-op, when eo miiny hundreds aro similarly nacriGoed in times of drought. . But in this particular case there can be no excuse for, the person guilty of the inhuman treatment.; There is plenty of grass in this paddock. The isucep are big framed, strong, healthy animals^ and notices lnid already been given to employes |on the station that tho water ,was drying fa?t iand tho sheep wero getting bogged. , But at tho risk of a few sheep it was determined to eat the grass down to the last pint of water, and ithen tho sheep were mustered and taken off tho country. If the boundary rider then siw these sheep bogged and -*'-* ^ release thorn, he ce'r jtainly deserves punishment, Justus much'as tlio man who gets three months in gaol for beating a horse with aiatirrup iron j but it isjnst pos siblo that after ; the sheep were mustered and .driven away, this mob who had been overlooked Icamedown to the inud and getting bogged, jwere left there to dio by inches.: The appear anco of these poor brutes stuck th ore right and ? day without food or water, and perishing by , slow degrees, none but the most ?callous can [contemplate with, indifference. The loss to tho owner in wool and carcase may bo a triflo, and he may not consider it demands even a c insure ? for, the. boundary rider; but tho man. who heartlessly or even carelessly leaves 'dumb creatures, to such' suffnring, is just as much a criminal as a; man who wouM lock eighteen horses up in a yard without food or water, and let them perish , before the eyes of tho public. Under our laws no porson would bo juatifiid either' in rescuing those sheep and taking them to water, or in cuttiog their throats and put ting them out of misery; but there ought to be a' law to punish those men who nre in charge of paddocki and allow this sort of thing to happen. Me Baring, H.P., onGband Committees —Mr. T. O. Baring, M.P. for Pouth Essex, in addressing hiB constituents in tho Town Hall, Bilioricay, said ho had hardly been in tho ? louse at all this Session except on ono or two occasions, because ho waB put upon tho Grand Committee for Trado. He attended every meetini of tho Committee, and of tho Bank ruptcy Bill they mado a thoroughly good Bill, 1 ast year ha said whatever mischiof might be done by tho new Rules of Parliumttntaiv Tro codure, he looked forward to tho working of the Grand Committees as likelv to be of advantage to tl o country, r'o could now say that tho Committee; on Trade had bean a thorough success. It had been othorwiso with tho' law Committee, but this was not owing to the constitution of the committee, but rather to the character of tho measure with which they had to deal. It was astonishing how soon talkativo members were oiirod in committee where they were not reported. Bofore a Grand Committee a Bill which was really wanted by tho oonntry would be passed Beforring to tlio, Suez Ca1 ul agreomotit, ho had nohesitution in eajing that if was, commercially Bpeaking, an exceedingly bad and clumsy oporation. For whit conceivable reason should the English Troasury lend a French company money at a 'lesser rate of interest than it charged to every local ;. board : and municipal . corporation ? ;It wiib most unpatrio io and untuir for tho Prime Minister to agree to lend a Frorich company money at a loss ra'e than ho chargod his ovtn fellow countrymen. A coast town newspaper says that tho departure of 'a certain Volunteer lieutenant wa9 mado Iho recent occasion of a must on thueiaBtio banquet, at which fully 50 olucei'6 .and rank -eat down beforo * iihi'ioking board. Wo have systematically, avoided attending bacquels ever einco we could read tiowfjjuporu, bucauio we ' invariably learned in connection with thorn that tho tables wore in tho habit of igroaniug under their -.-weight of g.'od things. .Our dcturminuliou - to abstuiu irotn. those en 'tertuinmonta iu slrengLhoned uuw that wa learn that sush weights of comoatibles aro placed on these articled of furniture, that they no longer igroan but shriek. Wo loso n good deal ono way or anothor, on account of our soft and 'timid ; nature. ?- -,- For insbinco wo read .our 'vhaVespearo religiously, and aro convinced '?.woi'ahould.liko to .eco tho Bard of Avon ro ipresontcd s-n tho stage, but wo arc afraid that ono or other; of. his oxpoionts will ho doing what tho newspapers are always accusing thorn of, ' literally bringing down tho Iioubo,' — ' Town Talk ' in The Week. 