PARLIAMENT OF VICTORIA. (FROM OUR MELIIOUHN'E COltllESI'ON'nHNT.) LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. Wednesday, 7th March. The Speaker took the chair at halt-past tour o'clock. Mr. Bent rose to correct the report of the Arpus in which lie was made to make reference to the " Holy Ghost," in connection with the proposed coalition. What he really did say was that he had not tho least doubt that the coalition would come to a bad end, and he then proceeded to refer, not to " tho Holy Ghost," but to the " Holy Book." This was confirmed by the report in " Hansard," which the hon, member proceeded to quote. Mr. Grant rose to announce that His Excellency the Governor would receive the address of the Assembly at a quarter past twelve the next day. He also begged to inform the House that the Government had that morning placed thoir resig nations in the hands of His Ivveellency, and Mi'. Service had since been sent for. The Government, therefore, now only hold office till their successors wore appointed. They had proffered their services to obtain supplies, and a Supply Bill would be introduced, which he would ask the House to pass through all its stages that evening. After some business of a formal character, Mr. Francis rose to ask the Speaker whether he would be in order in moving at that stage that Mr. Cooper be appointed Chairman of Com mittees. i Mr. Richardson urged that the motion would be premature, and that the hon. member should give notice of his motion. Major Smith expressed a similar view. After somo further discussion, The Speaker ruled that the motion could be put without notice. Mr. Francis then moved that Mr. Cooper bo appointed Chairman of Committees accordingly. Mr. M'Intyre seconded the motion. Mr. Nimmo, while having-nothing to say against tho capacity for the post of the hon. member for Creswick (Mr. Cooper), thought that younger members should have that opportunity of making themselves familiar with the forms and usages of the House vhich was aifortled by the post of Chairman of Committees. He would, therefore, propose Mr. Dow for the office. Mr. Langridge seconded the motion. Mr. Fincham remarked that, occupying as he did a position in " no-man's-land" at tho present juncture, he felt quite free to exercise his own judgment in the matter. Now, as in the case of the Speaker, so in that of the Chairman of Com mittee, lie (Mr. Fincham) wished to see the chair occupied by an hon. member who had already shown his fitness for tho post. He would, there fore, support the appointment of Mr. Cooper. Mr. Patterson considered that the House was wrong in thus hurrying the iuuttep, Theyti wasno immediate necessity for the appointment, and it might well wait for three weeks, till tho hon. member for Oastlemaine (Mr. Service) was back in the House. After some further discussion. The Speaker put the motion that Mr. Cooper be appointed Chairman of Committees. Cries of " Divide" and " No division." The House divided, with the following result:— Ayes, 41; noes, 27; majority for Mr. Cooper's appointment, 14. The result was received with loud cheers by tho ' ayes. The Houso thon went; into committee of the ; whole, when Mr, Cooper took the "chair, and briefly returned thanks for the honor conferred upon him for tho third time. A resolution to appropriate the sum of £5S7,000 to tho services of the year 1SS2-3 was agreed to, and a Supply Bill to carry out the same was then passed through all stages, and ordered to bo sent to the Legislative Conncil. A. bill to apply toj^iorarily tlje sum of £17Q,GG0 out'of'the I{aihvay Ir>aji Account of 1S7S was also passed through all stages. Such amount to be ap propriated to the following purposes, viz., towards Yan Yean Water works extension, £70,000; to wards tho purchase of railway rolling stock, £50,000; towards the purchase of rails and per manent way materials, £50,000; total, £170,000. On the motion of Mr. Grant, tho House at 20 minutes past five adjourned to the uext day at four o'clock. 