Tjik following conditional purchases wero tukon up on Thursday last: — Wagga Wagga : W. Graham 1523a, Wugga Wagga, country Wynyard, parish Rowan; O. Laney 150ii, \Vagi»u Wa^ga country Wynyard, parish Coroinbob ; P. Helferimn lSOJa, Cloar Jlills, via Cootamundra and Combumng, county Clarondon, Parish Hurley; Mary Ann iilUm Claxloii -100a, county Mitchell, parash Osborne; O. D. liard woll (10a, Tarmcutta, county Wynyard, parish Bol more; Emily Matilda Barnes 185a, oountv Bourke, parish Uorry .Jerry; B. S. Douglun, Turcutta, 120a. county Wynyard, parish IJumula or Murra^uldrio Narandera: Glrunvillo Kobert Muiruy Collins 200a, county Coopor, parish Yali»ogrin, toadjoin applicant's original conditional purchase on tho north, tho run boundary on tho south, and front tho travelling stock rcsorvo 2510. lliiiLSTON. — Wc aro requested by Dr. Rundlo to state that he will ceaso to practise in Ilillston on and alter the 1st Deccmbo'r, 18H3; his whole time after that date will lie devoted to life private atl'iiir?. — Advl. H'jl An invitation and subscription plalu anil ianc.y dress ball will bo held on the Oth December at King's Ac'adcray ol Music under tlie auspices of the nay Amatuer Dramatic and|Musical society. In tho Melbourne wool nmrkot 83,956 bale, wore oO'urnd up to Nov. 23rd and 71,551 sold. Tho position taken by lliveriim wool is splendid. Tho highest prices givon for merino wool I'rjtn tho Para dixo of Austra'iti, tlie Wostorn district of Vift.jria, was 14}il. On the contrary Kiverina wool fetohod S!2£.i. Tho following aro tho prices ro'ilised by Riverine clips: — PJ) and Co. ovor Toogiuibie, 1 1 IV , good llooee, 10 balos, 22]d; do, Hay, pieces aveiugo, ?i-l, lO.id ; Liowah over 11CK, EJwurd, Ueot.'0, G4, 2lid; Roto, Ilillston, lleoco average, 208, 20d ; do, Hillston, pii'cos do, 92, 18(1; ItU over bar, Urana, fleece, 138, !i0i; Jandra, Bourke, lleoco avnrajio, 2H, 19Jd: do, Bourko, pioees nnd bellies do, 2oL, lfijd; Yanda, Bourko, lleoco averngo, 'l'l, 19£d; do, Bourke, pioccs avorago, 123, 18ifd; .111 over Mt. Manara, Wilcannia, piocos, *10, lS^cl; KP Co. ovor Kilfura, Luchlan, average, 391, l8Sd; G over Coan, Lachlun, nverago, 131, Mid, If tlio roports of travellers and drovers aro to bo rolied upon, tho road to Uooligal at tho Ouo T'reo isnl prosent infested with visitants fro.n tho spirit world. Tho reports of tho appearance of thnso disembodied parties vary considerably. Romarkublo to say, ono of them is alleged to appoar in tho form nf a feni'ilo Quakor, with a coal seuttlo bonnot ; certainly quito un original idoa. A travollor got oil' tho coach to rescuo a lady's hat, and ut once became conscious of tho ghostship's presonco. As ho movod tho ghost moved. What is slrango is that tho apparition was nine foot high, which would show thoothorwoild to bo favourable to abnormal development. What roason tho ghosts havo for revisiting tho glimpses of tho moon is not apparent; though it is said that tho spirits aro those of certain parlies who woro sub jected to foul play whon in the llesh. Still wo can not consider thorn as spirits of high intelligence, for, if tlioy aro froo to wandor wlicro tlioy please, it ar guos a poor intellect to wandor about t.ho Ono Treo Plain, which ovoryono not forced by circumstanccs avoids. A suggestion 1ms been hazardod that tho ghosts aro thoso of persons who whon living sold Paroowhiskoy or charged too high u rate for wator; and who aro therefore justly condo nnod to wander ovor tho Ono Treo Pluin. Hay itself has not boon without a ghost sensation : for wo havo had it upon good authority that a docoased hotelkeeper has boon soon on ono of tho wharvos at nigh', boari-ig on his shoulders a coffin. Perhaps tin crimson sunsets havo something to do with thoso unwelcome visits. On Monday tho exhibits proparod by tho Siato School for tho Parramatta Juvenilo Industrial Ex hibition wore shown in tho class room and attracted a largo number of visitors, particularly ladios. Tho exhibits consist of fancy work of various kinds, point loco, crewol work, hand lucking, work in wool, &c.; nnd arc ten in number. They aro most croditablo as tho work of suoh young pe.oplo and wo liopo their in dustrious and tasto'ul makers will havo their roward in ebspe of prizes. It' will bo loarncd with genoral rogrot thatlnspoctor Baker is to leave Hay, although his friends will he glad of his promotion to a more important post. Ho has been appointed to Coomo, and his placo will bo supplied by Mr Phillip Smith, of Walgett. Mr Baker his been 20 years in tho force, which ho ontorod as a clork, aftor which ho 'became Sergoant and then Inspector. Ho b 'caiuo sergeant while in Deniliquin. During Mr Baker's regiino in tho Hay district ho has controlled tho forces under him with great skill, and maintained order with u firm hand, Mr Baker has t'iken a very prominent part in the affairs of tlio Wesloyan Church, of which ho is an enthusiastic membor, conducting servicooccasionally. He has also been a leading man in tho cause of tom peranco. In those circlcs ho will bo greally missed. Mr Baker's friends are considering how to bid him farowell and thero will probably bo some demon stration and presentation to Mrs Baker. Tiik Athonioum Committee havo in consideration several important projects for tho improvement of tho institution and rendering it more attractive to tbo public. Among thoso is a scliomo for a lccturo season next winter. Tho Secretary is now in com munication with tho Board of Technical Education in Sydnoy, with u view to obtnin a lecturor upon science : it is probablo ho will moet with success. Pew subjocts can bo made cO interesting iu this ago as science and its niarrols; and we trust tho com mittee will succced in obtaining tho services of a good man with propor illustrative apparatus. Every person in Hay is interested in the success of tho Athcnrem, and all who desire to make it what it should bo, should heartily sccond tho efforts ol tho Committee, who havo, acknowledgodly, to fight an uphill battle. Great hopq is ontertained that a chango of silo can be accomplished and that it will havo a marked inlluoncoou the fortunes of tho insti tution. We aro in receipt of tho first number of the Aus tralian Graphic, n journul illustrated by Crockor's glass process. Engraving on glass was tried somo years ago, and thought a great deal of, as it would cheapen the prico of illustrated periodicals, which havo always had to fight against tho high pricos of wood. At first it did not soem likoly to succced but perseverance has aobioved tho result to bo seen in tho Graphic. Tho linos aro not so fino aa thoso of wood but they aro good onough for all purposes. Some of tlio illustrations are really fino. A vory spirited drawing, well r'p-od'toed on thoglasi is ?'The Clinllengo — Como on' representing a wild bull showing fight to a stockman and dog. Tho Gtaphic is altogether an excellent paper. Bogurding tho process tho proprietors Bay — In consoquenco of tho extromo cheapness of ongraving by this process, tho proprie tors aro enabled to isBuo this paper, comprising seven pages of engravings, at tho vory moderato prico of Threepence. Tho cost of producing engravings by this patent process is loss than one-third tliatof similar ongravingson wood, their surfaco is hard as steel, and unaffected by moisturo and pressure. Con sequently ono o f tliem is capablo of producing ten times as many impressions as could possibly bo taken frotu a wood block. An ongraving which can not bo producod by tho old method in lesB than four or five days, will by this procoss bo roady for pross in as many hours, and somo blocks can bo ongravod and ready for printing off within half-an-hour from tho timo of their being rocoived into tho engraving department. ° The grasshoppers continue very numerous in and around tho town, ftatcs tho Narrandcra Argus. It is a notoworthy fact that in tho streets they prosorvo an easterly course, in tlio morning, and wostorly in tho evening tho thoroughfarss running eastand west being full of tliem, whilo in thoso running north and south they aro comparatively rare, thoso wliioh aro seen there travelling as if tlioy liad lost their reckoning, whilo thoso eastward or westward bound preserve a direct course. We ( Narrandcra Argus) learn that Mr Phillip Davidson, tlio contractor for carrying tho mails be tween Narrandera and Jorildorio was thrown from liis liorso at Yanko station on Thursday afterroon and killed. Tho accidont, of which tho details havo notyot readied us, was duo to tho animal bucking. A Wilcannia paper states : ' OrangeB aro roduced to 7s 6d a dozon, appleB aro 2s u lb, and potatoes aro 6d a lb or XoG a ton. Possibly in another wook nono of these can be procured at any price.' Suroly wo have reason to congratulate ourselves in Hay, ovuu if tho Chinoso havo stopped our cabbagos. Me Ltne said a good thing whoa discussing tho Land Bill. IIo romarked : The Ministor for Lands himself said it was almost impossiblo to got any thing through tho Lands Oflico in less than two years. Ho hiinsolf knew a lawyer who sent an urgont tolegraphic messago to tho Lands Oflico, anil two yoars aftor ho got a telographie reply to it. (Laughter). It was heartbreaking to try to got any thing through tho Lands Office as it was at tho pro sent moment. Bougke has petitioned to bo separated into wards. The Hay Jockey Club advortiso their programme in another column, which horso owners will do woll to study. Tlioy havo issuod a circular which will probably bo road with great intoroit. In this tlioy stato that tho club is giving tho largo sum of £700 iu added moil jy; that horso owners cm competo for tho principal prize of XioO, at an expanse only of £7; that ill no iustanco do tbo charges oxuood 5 per cent of tho prize money; Uut. owners can from tho datos fixed work th.i L lohla.i Kaning Club's mooting aud tho Hay races together; uud thai s^ejial rail way, &c;, facilities will bo ufforded. Whioht, 11 KAToXj'ind Co. Limitod,of Sydney, began in a small way, but tlioy now boast of doing tho | largest carrying tradoin tho Australian colonies. 'Xhore|aro in tlio head office and branches of tho company about 230 clcrksand foromon; an d continous omploymout ia given to 43,000 horsos and 61,000 bullocks, owned by teamsters all over Now South Wales and Queensland. A writer in tho.F«fcra/ Australian Btalos: Kato Eelly is dying of consumption in tho Bcoohworli Hospital. Tho Kellys, no doubt , woro a bad lot. But then wo, who boast of our Biblical knowledge, should remember that tho propor portion to throw tho first stono at u sinner is tlio party w!io has novcr sinned himself. Meaning mo, of course. But I happen to know Kato Koliy woll. And I also know that tho gorms of tho disease, which is now silently drawing I her on to tho grave, wore planted whon sliej used to tttko hor long miduight rides to tho outlaws' camp with food and information. All of which was very Tftong, I admit, But buehranacr an Ned was, be was her brother, and one cannot but pitv tho fato of Mio poor girl, whoio efforts on his behalf threaten to terminnte so fatally to herself. We aro directed by tho secretary of the I lav Jockey Club to state that tho committoo have ox tended tho date of closing nominations for tho Gift, Midsummer and Hurdlo Handicaps to Friday next, tho Doth inst, up lo 7.30 p. mi. Ownora will there fore.oblige by being in timo with thoiriioininations . Ik tho beginning of last soason, as milny will ro membor, a lady was seen iu drawing.roonis tho re puted woalth of whom niado not a few moutliR water, and chained to hor Bido a young noblopjan, who had previously met wi lia marked abson(0 ofgood fortune in his swoop upon tho lieires-es of tho Pacific slope The lady (says tho London World) Wlls lnlcUi6ont' ni longer iu hor first youth, and mixed parentage, hor mother having boon a Now Zjaland Maori, married by hor fathor whon ho gavo up whaling , »n(1 tuok to beachcombing and the acquisition of land in tho i-lands. So well did Barney Rhodes pros per that this daughfor of his lmB an incoui ^ WO, 000 ayoir. S.io go. through|hor short oxporionco Lsndon in safety, wont back to Now Zealand, and has given her bind to a local young man. 