MOUNT GAMBIER BAPTIST CHURCH. The Rev. J. K. Maclntyre concluded his four weeks' special evangelistic services on Friday evening, the 18th inst. His meetings through- out have been well attended, and the results en- couraging. A church meeting was held in the Baptist Chapel last Tuesday evening, at which it was unanimously decided to ask the South Austra- lian Baptist Association to prolong Mr. MacIntyre's stay in Mount Gambier, and a resolution to that effect has been sent on to the Secretary of the Association in Adelaide. Last Sunday forenoon Mr. MacIntyre preached from the words - "I charge you by the Lord that this epistle be read unto all the holy brethren" (1st Thess, v. 27 .) At the conclusion of his discourse he said that a small verse in the fifth chapter of this first epistle to the Thes- salonians stared him in the face, and seemed to say, " Before you close the Book, give me to the people of God that they may carry me home and that I may comfort them." The verse was "Rejoice evermore!" After pointing out that was God the Holy Ghost who commanded his people to rejoice, Mr. Maclntyre concluded as follows :-The brave Robert Bruce, while contest- ing tho crown of-Scotland against all comers, was hunted about from place to place. At last Bruce found himself in the Highlands, where he was entertained in the hall of a chief. Amongst the clansmen present, was an old priest, who, looking into the sorrowful face of Bruce, recog- nised tho future King of Scotland ; and Sir Walter Scott, in one of his poems, represents the priest rising to his feet and uttering a fervid prophetic blessing upon Robert the Bruce. The sum and substance of the priestly benediction was " Rejoice evermore." There are two lines in this beautiful poem which have a Scriptural ring and charm about them. The lines are as fol- lows : Disowned, deserted, and distress'd, I bless thee, and thou shalt be bless'd. Sir Walter Scott got this idea from the Old Tes- tament ; and I have often thought that the servant of Christ, while addressing God's dis- tressed ones, would do well to imitate the old priest's burning strains in solacing the down- hearted. Last Friday morning, while thinking of this, I fell into a poetical humour, and com- posed the following lines, adopting the beautiful complet of Sir Walter Scott as a finish to each verse, I shall now repeat them, as they will in a measure explain the meaning of the words "Rejoice, evermore!" Disown'd, deserted, and distress'd, I bless thee, and thou shalt be bless'd ; Bless'd in thy journey to the goal, Bless'd in thy body and thy soul, Bless'd 'mid thy troubles and thy cares, Saved from temptation, guilt, and snares, Saved from thy sorrows and thy woes, Pretended friends, and open foes, Disown'd, deserted, and distress'd, I bless thee, and thou shalt be bless'd. Bless'd in thy basket and thy store, Bless'd now, and bless'd for evermore, Bless'd at thy work, bless'd in thy bed. "Bless'd by the Church's mighty Head,' Disown'd, deserted, and dlstress'd, I bless thee, and thou shalt be bless'd. When the grim gates of Death shall rise, Like clouds, before thy sinking eyes, And friends around thy bed shall weep, And see thee gently fall asleep, Belov'd, lamented, and caressed, I bless thee, and thou shalt be bless'd. And thy bless'd spirit shall not fail While walking thro' the lonely vale, For thro' the darkness of Death's night, My face shall shine, and all be bright; Disown'd, deserted, and distress'd, I bless thee, and thou shalt be bless'd. For thro' that vale, I'll walk with thee, And as we walk thou'lt lean on Me, Until we reach our home above - Oh! I will comfort thee, my love; Downhearted one, and sore oppressed, Disown'd, deserted, and distressed, I bless thee, and thou shalt be blessed. Rejoice evermore; for blessed be God. He offers us nothing but blessing, "And now blessed be the Lord God from everlasting to everlasting, and let all the people say - Amen !" 