CRUMBS. 1 A trial railway survey will bo made shorter from Kiama to Shoalhaven. . % There were 900 less business failures iu| England during 1882 than in the preceed-^ ing year. , In one part of Norway the longest day is throe months. Good place for a lazy man to start a daily newspaper. luvo hundred prisoners who had been charged with incediarism and complicity in thu massacres of Alexandria have been released for lack of evidence. A late Duke of Norfolk was much addicted to the bottle. On a masquerade night he asked Foote what new character he should go in. ' Go sober,'' said Foote. An English physician says a man can stop a fit ol' sneezing by crawling down stairs head first. Almost anything can be cured j that way if the stairs be steep enough. i Alfred Tennyson habitually refuses to re ceive visitors between Mondays and Wed nesdays. This fact has given rise to the be lief that Tuesday is Alfred's wash-day. A writer ou style says, ' It is the fashion in Prance for ladies to take their tea in bonnets and gloves.' One objection to this is that some of the new bonnets do not hold much more than a lump of sugar. A lifeboat, with four oars lashed inside, was found on the beach at Moruya Heads on Sunday. The boat, which was much damaged, belonged to the ship ? Pleione, trading between London and Wellington. Lord Dufferin has laid before the Egyptian Government a scheme for reforming the native courts of justice, which he proposes shall be presided over by European' judges, under a code similar to that of the inter national courts. A terrible mining accident is reported^.to havo happened at the mine ' ; Prince Ha\ denberg,' near Dortumud, in Westphalia^ Germany. Early on the morning of Decem ber 21, as the miners were leaving the pit, the rope of the cage broke, and the entire load of 25 persons was precipitated to a depth of 1,800 feet. Everyone was killed. Her Majesty having graciously signified her wish to be sponsor to the infant daugh ter of the late Commander Wyatt Eawson, E.N., and that the child should be named ' Victoria Alexandria Wjyatt,' the christen ing took place in the parish church of Kings town, Portsmouth, Mr. Harry Eawson, by command, representing Her Majesty on the occasion. The Queen presented a handsome loving cup to her godchild as a christening gift. The public degradation of Arabi and the other chief prisoners was carried out on Christmas Day. Two battalions of the new Egyptian army were drawn up on the spot where the proceedings were held. The prisoners, Arabi, Abdellal, Ali Fohmi, Toulba, Mahmoud Fehmy, Mahmoud Sami, and Yacoub Sami, were brought in dressed in plain ?elothes, and the Under Secretary of State for War read the Khedive's decree degrading them from all their titles, rank, and honours, whereupon the prisoners were removed. They left Cairo for Suez en route for Ceylon on the following morning. The Egyptian paper El Ahram announces that Arabi will receive an alowmce of not less than £300, and not more than £500 per annum. His wife, after her confinement, will join him in Ceylon. The unprecedented floods, which have been general in some of the Western States during the past week, have caused great loss of life and destruction of property in the low- lying districts, particularly in the vally of the Ohio. At Cincinnati floo s have undermined the foundation of the railway station, which fell suddenly into the water without any warning, submerging upwards of 100 persons who were in the building at the time. At Louisville, S3 * miles lower down on the Ohio, the dam in connection with the Canal by which the steamers avoid the rapids of the river, burst, and 30 personswere drowned by the rush of water. The greatest distress is prevalent iu ! the flooded districts, and it is Jestimated that over 1,000 persons have been rendered homeless. At the meeting of the French Geographical Society, held on Decembor 16, M. deLesseps promised that the Panama Canal should be ready to be opened in 1888. He described the sanitary condition of the people employed in constructing it as satisfactory. The mortality at Panama is not, he said, higher than in France, that is to say, it cloes not reach two per . cent, of the population. M. de Lesseps also contended that the fears which had been expressed concerning the possibility of the canal being injured by earth quakes was quite unfounded. Panama, he maintained, was outside the volcania region so justly dreaded on account of tho terrible disasters which had happened within its limits. An earthquake might occur there, but the Isthmus of Pauama was no more likoly to be. visited by one than any other country in Europe. Mr. Eainfojd;t- of the Cambridge _ Club Hotel (say^tlie'' Telegraph J , has on view a splendid specimen of tho luminous fungus, picked from Hyde Park. The plant is about 12 inches in diameter and deeply serrated. Though picked on Sunday it still emits enough light to enable one. to read. a news paper. Thpugh the sight is a novel one in Sydney, it is said that the colonial boys a few years ago used to gather them in pro fusion for sport. Chambers speaks of reniarkable phosphorescent fungi in German, mines, and tho Agaricus Gardneri, growing on plains in Brazil, extremely luminous; but we have not heard of this Australian species of fungus from naturalists. Impounded at Wombat, on 10th February, from Little Wombat creek, by A. Petrit : — Dark bay mare, branded p—b iiear shoulder, white spot, off side .under saddlle. T.Q be ?jold 1st March. . 