frems or Rem?. The Intercolonial Cricket Match; — No small .amount of excitement prevailed in local cricketing rircles yeetorday about the Intercolonial cricket match, and Jnr praseat appearances, as reported In' another column, it would appear certain, that tbe Victorians will surpass the enormous soore madeby the New 8011th "Welshmen. BChe Melbourne papers reported tiiat Evans, the crack bowler, had been recalled to N.& W_ by a telegram anuotmtiiigiiiih dealh of bis brother, who, on Thursday dropped down dead at -Fenriaa- Onrcofrespondent yeater- ' day. however, gayeEvaiui :credit for ob tabl ing twoof the Vietenaewiiketa, -and subse quent enquiry bps proved this to be correct; No flonbt v9y_ grmt pneBsute was brought to bear on E vans, wiihout whose services dmiflrhftoni %mili-'foated-lihare "bhen tut' eottyfi.; ;-'.- -m.j iMWtoT»llh'foitobaffill j&iiiltfflnal;'liiiiiiii ifl erie. of Us pills, vftc,, but was chiefly in- deb ted for his great success to liberal adver tising, the spending tens of thousands per annum in making the alleged virtues of his medicines known. Peter Parr, with his "life pills," made himself famous, bnt Pro fessor Holloway completely put him into the shade. Everything fie undertook , to do he did on an extensive scale, and he is said to have spent more in the establishment of hospi tals and relieving the poorer classes than even the philanthropic Peabody, whose name, as the late Charles Dickens would aay, " Is as familiar in the month as a household word." For this he certainly deserved a place amongst "Men of the Time," but therein we do not find his name mentioned. He certainly was " a man of the time " in his own particular line, being the forerunner of many advertisers of patent medicines. Harding y. Board of land and Works. — This, apparently, interminable case was again brought under the notice of the Supreme Court yesterday, when Mr. Moles- worth, on behalf of Mr. Silas Harding, of Devon -Park, asked for leave to appeal to the Privy" Council, tn re the recent action. That Mr. Harding would take this step has all along been surmised, and, as will be seen by our special report, leave has been granted. By the time the vexed question has been 8titUeU| DUG Kouucmou \JL UIO lung IVIIC W1U. have been paid two or three times as much as even Mr. Harding himself considered the land taken for railway purposes, to be worth. Before be ean prosecute his appeal, Mr. Harding will have to comply with the derision already given by the Supreme Court, but such a trifle ! is not likely to be allowed to stand in the way. New Year's Dat. — The untimely collapse of the Caledonian Society has resulted in no attraction bring provided in Hamilton for New Year's day. This is much to be regretted, as there is no doubt a good programme of sports for the day, and a concert in the evening, (would not only have kept Hamfltonians at home, but would also have attracted a large number of country visitors. So would a similar bill of fare have done on Boxing day. We shall not, however, have to go very far in search of amusement, for there are to be horse races at Hochkirch, as also pedestrianism, the programme for which is a more liberal one than any yet issued by the denizens of the Teutonic village. Kntriesjfor all events are to be made before 12 o'clock on Tuesday. Those who wish to go further afield and enjoy a pleasant drive through a country abounding in beautiful viewa, will remember that the people of Macarthur are to celebrate the opening of 1884 with a race meeting. Die principal events will be tbe Hurdle Raee of 10 save., tbe Macarthnr Handicap of 15 soys., and the Maiden Plate of 6 bo vs., entries being dne at 10 o'clock on the morning of the meeting. There are also to be a Selling Race, aFlntter, and a Hurry Scarry. Last but not least, there will be the Presbyterian Sabbath school excursion to Portland, leaving Ham ilton at 7.45 a.m., and returning from Port land at 5.55 p.m. For this, tickets can be obtained from the station master, and Messrs. Brown, Jafiray, Kennan, and W. and W. Thomson. A Plucky "Wager. — A rumour was circulated yesterday to the effect that a plucky wager -had been made on the Mel bourne .Cricket-ground during the progress of the Intercolonial Cricket Match hv a professional gentleman from Hamilton; After seeing Murdoch well set, and with a score of over 30 to his credit; the gentleman in ques tion bet £100 that the champion batsman would score 100 runs or more. We, how ever, question the troth of the report ; the gentleman may have taken long odds about the matter, but it would have been very rash indeed on bis part to make a level wager for so large an amount on such a very uncertain thing as cricket. If be did bet at all, his heart must have been in bis month when Murdoch gave that easy chance to Boyle at 56. The Silver-lead Specimens. — the samples of ore brought down from Thacka- rxnga by Mr. J . Edmonson, have been sub mitted to Mr. Pennant; school inspector, who has analysed them with the result that he finds they contain plenty of lead but very tittle silver. The specimens came hum a locality eighteen miles from the mine which E reduced the -specimens analysed in Ade- jide, and found to contain 12,000 ozs. of silver to the ton. Mr. Pennant's report is as follows " The minerals submitted to me by you tiie other day are — 1. Galena or Sulphide of lead. 2. Cernssite or carbonate of lead, mixed with malachite or carbonates of . copper. 3. Phosgenite or chloro- car- bonate of lead. 4. An amorphous admix ture of lead oxide with iron, lime, silica, &c.;, resembling the slag from a lead furnace, which it probably is. These minerals fail to giye-tne . — -— .if. ,-pj- J)y the testa appUhil, and if they contain it, the quantity' 3b small. The presence of No. 4 among the specimens makes it donbtfol whether they are at all fair samples of the ores obtained at the rich stiver-lead mines recently described injhe public journals. As lead ores they are rich, and it is qnite possible that silver bear ing veins may exist in their neighbourhood. — J. Dennant." Hamilton Land Sam. — At a sale of Crown lands, conducted by Mr. C. Morgan, land officer, on Thursday, a num ber of town lots were submitted, bnt tbe competition was the reverse of lively, so many people being ont of town. The sales made were as under Parish of North Ham- ton : Corner of Lonsdale and Brown streets, formerly reserved for Temperance hail ; upset price, £70 per lot : Lot 4, lr 19 8-10ths per ches, Mrs. R. Anslow ; lot 5, lr 25 2-10ths perches, Mr. G. H. Bitter, both at upset. Fonr other lots at the same corner were passed in, as also were sixteen lots of 2r each, insec74, township of Hamilton. Country lots: Parish of Bueheran Yarrack, adjoining J. Monahan's purchased land on the Reedy Cfeek ro?di upset, £3 per acre— 4 acres, Mr. W. Osmond, £5 5s per acre. Parish of Mokanger, adjoining Mr. J. Forsyth's hold ing, immediately north- east of Mokanger pre-emptive section; upset, £2 per acre— 85a Or 13p, no offer. Parish of Pendyk Pendyk, immediately east of the Glendin- ning pre- emptive section ; upset, £1 Ss per acre— Lot 25, 59a Or 24, lot 26, 58a 3r 28 D. lot 27. 105a Or 36p, Messrs. Grice, Sumner and Co., upset. We think it is a mi.fa.t-. holding sales during Christinas week, when so many are holiday making. Muscular Christianity. — Among the visitors to Hamilton during the holidays has been the celebrated Tom Curran, who, in years gone by was able to hold more than his own against all comers, as Harry Sellars and some other notabilities of the ring will readily testify. Since retiring from the pugilistic arena, the gallant Tom has been lately most respectably, and it is to be hoped profi tably.-eonducting an hotel in Gippsland, and looks none the worse for the many hard knocks he received daring a long and suc cessful career as an exponent of the noble art of self defence. , Of course there were many surmises -as to What conld bring the hero of a hundred fights to Hamilton, some thinking he was on business bent; he having a few years ago expressed a wish to settle in Aus tralia Felix, but few imagined that hie object was one of a more tender nature. A little lpidjhaa whipped to as there It more tiffing and cooing in connection with his sojourn hrae than anything else, and that the services of a clergyman will be shortly called into re quisition to make Mr. Curran and a young bdy resident not a hundred miles from Macarthnr, one. If so, all admirera of ransralu1 Aliriiilsuitfir mil Mm. :.l: the happy conple along life of prosperity i -and domestic felicity, as a more straight forward or genial Hercules never went into a twenty foot ring. The Bishop -of Ballarat. — The Amrakman writes " It is always a bad aignwfaea a disputant begun to ball names. And this is what the Bishop of Ballarat has been doing, at Hamilton; Animadverting upon some strictures on his oonduct whith appeared. in these columns inr Saturday last, he accused the editor of living in a "Coward's Castle," and of httacking men whom he knew .rimldnrtjrifrmkbim. kpothmgjM is possible. We asked the right rev. prehrte " Why should the Church of England and the BaUaiat district cend the hat ronnd in England for support ?" Dr. Thornton now 4s£ aptoing of/the "ao« And, the fectolhis having preaohedacermon at Heavitree "in r MAWWi «AUvwW| <h .116 ouciwdCIU nanRbutea clriinforhelp: TOnnd,a'hnd doing . " ... _ . ' : sidering the wealth and importance of Ballarat, as the second city in Victoria, we put it to the right reverend gentleman whether his mention of its inhabitants as " chiefly miners," was not calculated, even if it was not designed, to convey an altogether erroneous impression concerning them ? " Anglican Church. — The Rev. Churchill Julius, of London, has accepted the incumbency of Christ Church, Ballarat, and the Rev. C. Harris, of Smyth esdale, has been appointed to the charge of Horsham, ia succession to the late Mr. Pitfieid. Cricket. — A match will be played on the Hamilton ground to-day between the Bnnln and Law and an eleven chosen irom the Hamilton Clab. The latter will be se- lected on the ground at two o'clock. The Victorian Weather Prophet. — Mr. Ellery has been quite correct so far. He foretold fine weather for the holidays, and it has really been splendid. Yesterday, how ever, the temperature was rather too hot to be pleasant. A hot wind prevailed through out the day, and at 5 p.m. we had a storm of dust, which seemed to indicate that a change was imminent. Thistle Down. — During the dust storm yesterday Drvden -street was fail of thistle down, which subsequently settled on paths and verandahs, and made them look as though there had been a fall oi dirty snow. The down must have been brought a considerable distance by the wind, as the residents know of no extensive growth of thistles anywhere near at hand. Imitation of Label. — In the case of the Calcutta Tea Association versus Web ster and Co., for imitating the Association's label, the District Court, Melbourne, on Friday, fined the defendants two guineas, and three guineas costs ; In default, distraint, or imprisonment. The Road Race. — Owing to some misunderstanding, the trotting race, which was to have taken place yesterday on the- Coleraine road, fell through. An owner of one of the boggy pairs that was to compete, was under the impression the race was to start from the Wannon instead of from Ham ilton, hence the "fizzle." The Munthah Sale. — Although the attendance at the residue sale at Mun- tham yesterday was not so large as at the principal auction, there was a fairly numerous assemblage. What was stall more to the point those present bid briskly, and good £ rices, especially for the furniture and house- old effects, were realised. Fishing at Kangaroo Swamp. — Hope told a flattering tale when Mr. D. and four companions went.dnring the holidays, to try and catch some of the big perch said to have made Kangaroo Swamp their home. Visions of well-filled creels passed before their eyes when faking their seats in the train for Branxholme, and the same rosy- eolored anticipations continued to prevail throughout their journey to the swamp, some eleven miles from the junction of the two railway lines. On arrival at their desti- nation,however, they found the swampsofnllof reeds that it was next to impossible to find a sufficiently clear spot in which to cast the appetising baits they had so tenderly nursed in wet moss. Nevertheless, they were not disheartened ; donbtless, there were as vood fish in the swamp as ever came out of it. and some of these they were determined to catch. Bn) alas 2 hoar after hour passed, and to oft-repeated queries as to " What luck?" came the reply, "I have not even had a nibble." Suddenly great excitement prevailed, one of the 'floats went under water, the angler was on the alert, up came the line, and there — there was a perch, a perch fully two and a half Inches in length ! This showed fish were really about, restored confidence, caused mnrmorings to cease, and a more strict attention -to the parti-colored cork ovals standing erect in the water. An other hanl, and ont came a fresh water cray fish, not quite so large as the perch. Fire hours had now passed, nothing be yond the two incidents mentioned, having occurred to ruffle the water or the smooth even tenor of the day's proceedings. It was indeed a glorious picnic ! Thoughts of home and of how/other people were enjoying themselves filled the minds of the fishermen, when suddenly there was a most unmis take- able plunge taken by one of the floats. "Here's a four-pounder, " exclaimed the happy owner of the rod. Carefnlly he played the recalcitrant denizen of the vasty deep, promptly he got his landing net ready, and gently hauled his prize to the surface, and behold, there wriggled, its scaly sides shining again in the bright sunshine, a mountain trout which, it is emphatically asserted, wonld have turned the scale at four pounds — no, not four pounds, four ounces. This disappointment completely damped the ardour of the quintette, who reerea up -men-lines, unqomfed their rods, " nipped," harnessed their horses, and de parted, folly determined never again to trouble the perch in Kangaroo Swamp. On the road home they never saw a kangaroo, nor the ghost of a hare, bnt one succeeded in catching a snake, and another a cold. That there are fish ia the swamp is tolerably certain, but there is so much feed that they do not care about tickling their gill, with baited hooks, and, owing to the reeds, it is difficult to throw the latter in in anything like attractive form. Primitive Methodist . Church. It is announced that the Condah Primitive MethodiBt Church will celebrate their anni versary on Sunday and Tuesday next. The services on Sunday will be conducted by the Rev. W. Diment, of South Australia, who is at present here on a visit, and the meeting on Tuesday will be addressed by several ministers and others. The Criterion Hotel— As will be seen on reference to oar advertising columns, Mr. J. Tacker is desirous of obtaining a tenant for the above well-known and com modious hostelry. 