THE PRESBYTERY AND MR. STRONG. However warmly Mr. Charles Strong's friends and opponents may feel as to the questions that are now dividing them, dis passionate lookers on can only desire that nothing should ho dono to aifoct tho judicial clinractor of tho Presbytery's docision. Tho situation is already sufB- ciently painful. When tho congregation of tho Scots' Oliurch accepted tlioir minister's resignation tlie other day, strong men literally broke down at the prospect of parting from ono who has conciliated tho warm personal affection as well as the profound rcspoct of his flock. Tho momorial from a number of dwollors iu tho worst part3 of our great city, testifying that Mr. Strong had carried tho gospel to them when no other minister camo near thorn, is almost a higher testimony to. tho value of Mr. Strong's ministrations. On the other hand, wo aro not prepared to cast stones at the Prosbytery or at Mr. M'Eachran. However much we may dissent from somo of tho conclusions they havo arrived at, we givo ' Mr. Strong's op- ponents crodit for boing actuatod by a sincero sonso of duty ; and wo can understand that after a formal chargo was tabled it was impossible to accept Mr. Strong's resignation ; because acceptance implies giving a certificate that ho has not been complained of. What wo have to consider thon is whether tho charges brought aro such as ought to bo inquired into, and whether tbo modo of inquiry pro posed is consonant to justico and church law. Let us say first that wo canuot think it fair to saddle Mr. Strong with tho respon sibility of Mr. Justioo Higinbolbam's lecture. No ono asking a layman of an other communion to road an ossay on somo question of religion can bo supposed to moan that tho essayist is to suppress his own views. Tho committee which manages tho lectures unquestionably leavo3 every man whom it asks free to speak out what ho thinks ; and tho only restraint im posed is that of ordinary good tasto. Mr. Higinbotham's lecture, though not, as wo think, free from an undesirable vaguoncss, was ponelratod with the spirit of religion, and certainly did not impress his audionco ns in any way insulting to Prcsbyterianism Mr. Strong, lecturing on tho eamo subject, would probably have exprossod himself Yery difforontly ; but it does not follow that ho was called upon to riso and record an ungracious protest against tho looturor ho had joined in inviting. He might think- as many of us think, that Mr. HiginI bothnm's leoturo was ominontly calculated to shako somo rccoivod 6uporstitions and impress somo desirablo truths, though ha himself would havo put what ho had to say into different words. If, however we loavo this locturo, which Mr. Strong un. doubtedly did not write out, of tho question wo find that ho can bo charged with nothing except possible omissions and assumod reticences. Mr. M'Eachran lays great stress on the point that Mr. Strong lias introducedtwenty-fourhymns whichare notdistinctivolyofa Ohristiancharactorinto tho service of tho Soots' Chuich. "Ono of the hymns was an invocation to tho Holy Ghost, but it wa3 not Christian in its tone, and it was a hymn which even Mr. Martineau could sing." Mr, Jauios Martineau happons to be so completely on the boundary line of Christianity that the Unitarians have always been as suspicious of liis orthodoxy, from tboir point of view, as some of our ministers aro ofMr. Strong's from tbo side of Calvinism. Mr, M'Eacbran's illustration, therefore, is un- fortunate. Throughout, his arguments aro of tho samo kind. " If public report wore correct," ho says, "Mr. Strong's public teaching is simply a reflection of thebymn3 which he has introduced, and of tho books which ho uses for tho purpose of giving roligious instruction." In short, Mr. Strong is not charged with teaching anything wrong, but with not teaching doctrines which Mr. M'Eachran thinks essential and Mr. M'Eachran goes on to assume that what Mr. Strong does not teach he doos not hold. This is surely a little ex treme. A man may helicvo in miraclo3 and yet hold that thoy aro the least part of tho great substructure of ovidenco on which Christianity rests. Many clergymou who helicvo in a future lifo abstain from giving any prominence to the doctrino of rewards and punishments after death, that they may not influence their licarer3 by an unworthy motive. Our concern, however, is chiefly with the method by which Mr. M'Eachran and Mr. ltobinson propose to mako up for tho dcficienoy of evidence. Thoy wish that Mr. Strong should bo called upon to reply to ten interrogations of tbo most search- ing kind— a fishing inquiry, travelling over tho whole ground of his supposed un soundness. Because ho lias said nothing that is conclusive against him, lie is to bo made to say something on which a charge can bo founded. Now wo aro not pre pared to say that such a course of procedure is absolutely unparalleled. "Within our own times Professor Jowett, of Oxford, has boon summoned to sign extracts out of tho Thirty-nino Articles of tho Church of England, as a proof that ho has not travelled beyond them ; and more lately thero havo been instances among the Wesleyans and iu tho Church of Scotland of something still more closely approximat ing to Mr. Robinson's method. Wo may surely ask, however, what the end will bo if tlii3 method is applied, as it ought ia fairness to be, to ministers gonorally I What, for instance, will bo tho result if Mr. Hay is allowed to formulate a series of questions on predestination and the in spiration of iScripturo for tho benefit of Mr. Rentoul and Mr. Campbell? Will not the outcome be that every thoughtful and scrupulous man, howorcr willing ho may bo to sign tho church tests and to go on working under church government, will bo driven out of tho Presbyterian com munion ? Shall we not be entering upon a period of incessant and bitter hostility, when the creeds that wero meant to bo tho rook under which all found shelter and safety will bo treated as hoap3 of loose atonos, with one or othor of which beliovors may pelt ono another 1 Even tho prospect of a religious war ia the churches is uot that which dismays us most. A time of burning questions is at least a time in which apathy and indif ference aro laid aside ; and . wo would rathor soo tho Presbytery discus sing tho truth of blr. Strong's opinions . than absolutely uncon cerned about what teaching was springing up in tho church. What wo fear is that tho church is uot so much considering whether Mr. Strong's views aro right as whether thoy aro in conformity with tho standards. Of course, to a few controver sialists liko Mr. M'Eachran, wliatevor goes beyond or falls short of the Westminster Confession is self-oondomnod. This, how ever, is not the general view, and tho vory addresses that havo lately been delivered iu defonco of tho faith aro many of them thronged with admissions which would havo seemed liko the devil's promptings to Johu Knox. Surely tho Melbourne Presbytery does not mean to tako its stand on the unohangeabloness to all time of six teenth or seventeenth century viow3 of theo logy? To what purpose have been tho studies and prayers of Christians, tho discoveries of polonco ortlio growth of thought, if Chris tianity is to gain nothing in breadth of femprphonabn .and nloarnoss of light. 7 A flood nr » 'living creed.; a crood speaking Hii) thohlttsajf a bygone gonoration, or .a Wpcd .frpSll 'from .the heart of living bc- U0Tortf-4th(it iis viVhat wo como to at last, Kniifl thb'i'cal'jssuo tho Presbytery lias to1 Bofiido. 3t wa3 a aid in old timo that tho ptoo'i of lthormartyr3 wa3 tho sued of tho iSbuiftb, I Mr. "Strong silenced by tho Pros- ' bitery- wiirbo Mr. Strong speaking with' feow power to tho community. . 