" TRAVELLING ” SHAFTS. —Creswick Advertiser. At the special meeting of directors in the Corry Console Company, held for the purpose of receiving arid considering the report from the three mining managers who, by request, inspected that company’s abaft it appeared to be generally agreed that, if any considerable quantity of drift was to be. met in the abaft, some different method of sinking would bare to be adopted to that which bad been carried on. For this reason special interest will now be taken in the works at the Davies' Junction Company’s No. 2 shaft, which has been opened out from . beneath the rock, and is .being made sufficiently large to carry two “ travelling shafts," as they are called. The mining manager (Mr Philip Watterson) has no fears whatever in regard to the drift in the abaft, his experience In this direction extending over a period of 20 years, daring which time be has made these “ travelling shafts ” an especial study, and, up to the last time when be bad occasion to use them, had been constantly improving various details, in this mode of sinking through drift until now! be is confident In regard to the satisfactory result of their use in such cases as that of the Berry Consols, Davies' Junction, or . other shafts In which there is a quantity of drift to pass through. We were shown on Saturday a plan of the working adopted,by'Mr Watterson/ but, in deference to bis wishes, withhold any explanation-or reference' to/• present. Eur general • information it’ may be mentionecnbat the two boxes for the Davies’ Junction Company’s shaft will .only cost be tween £5O and £6O, which'is less than the cost" of the box at present, in the Berry Consols shaft. Mr Watterson anticipates'-that .work will be commenced, with- the appliances that are being prepared in about a fortnight, hence. Tbs foolish man saveth to himself, “ I will blow In the muzzle, or' this* empty' gun,” and tbe~ wise coroner will', any in hie report— •• Accidentally blowed to the' hereafter.” • Ghosts.— An attempt is- being made in the old country ..to revive -the belief in visitants from* another worlds and: many are the won derful stories , that fill some of the journals. The sceptical mind is, however,- inclined to. adopt Scrooge’s remark: to Marley’s ghost: — ll How .do I know, that* you are not a hit' of undigested-bread?* 1 for, of all the ghost producers a bit of “ heavy ’* bread is the most potent. -* It is a wonder, therefore, that people do not' adopt the surest' spell, by using Berwick's Gold Medal Baking Powder, in makingi; bread; ‘for,'!?*although■V.it\;.wqn , t ; ‘raise ghosts,” it raise bread in the most ’dmirable ' iaebioh. * "Hvery. wise'! storekeeper baas it by him, and every' good houEßwif buys it. * 