'THE GHOST' AND' THE PRESBY TERY OF MELBOURNE. ,V r,.' i. .??(', . TO , THE EDITOR. ???'?'? ,. ? Sir, — Your correspondent, ' The'Shost,' in writing ; ,' Echoes of Melbourne,1' whioh ap peared in to-day's issue of the Examiner, has devoted; a' paragraph to tho Presbytery of Melbourne and the resignation of the Bev. O. Strong.:: .The paragraph -is one tissue of wilful' or ignorant misrapresontatibn. 'The idea that it* intends to convey to the publio is- that the- I'resoycery oi itieioourne nave perseouiea ine Hoy. 0. ytroug until he has been compelled to tender his resignation, and- now. that he has, tendered that resignation ? thoy have; purposely i postponed its acceptance in order that they! may havo the opportunity of persecuting him still further. Does not the iwritsr know that the gentlemen composing the PreBbytory wero ?precluded from accepting that resignation on , the day on which it was tendered; by their own ruleB and forms, and by univeraal UBage.?. If he does not know, let him read tho fol lowing report of the Presbjtery'B proceedings: — ' It was agreed that, in ncaordanoe with, the rules and forms of tho Churoh, the Scots' Church congregation should be informed' of Mr. Strong's resignation, and that a meeting should be convened for the purpose of affording _ them an opportunity of expressing their mind in re ference to it, and appointing commissioners, to appear at next mooting of Presbytery, whon the resignation will be -further i considered. The Bev. Dr. Macdonald was appointed - to pre side at the meetine.' ? . ?- v Another report says — 'It was decided Ib ?adopt the usual course and consider the matter at noxt meeting.' .The rules and forms of the Ohuroh say : — ' When a resignation is tendered, the Presby tery, inquire into the oiroumstances which have led to it, and give the congregation. an oppor tunity of being heard before the case is de cided.' The rules oi . a Bister Ohuroh say : — ; ' The Presbytery, either when alone, or .through a committee, deal with him as to the reasons of the proposed resignation. Itis also reasonable that due notice should be given to the congregation of what is intended by their pastor.. .If the Presbytery find the alleged reasons unsatisfactory, or if any circumstance or fatna be made known to them which requires investigation, they oannot acoopt of the re signation until it bo ascertained that there is ho ground for bringing .their brother under the censures of the Church. But if nothing objec tionable appear with respeot to his procedure, and they find him continuing to be conscien tiously persuaded that it ia his duty to follow .out his intentions, it is their duty to accept of hia resignation and to take immediate steps for deolaring the pastoral charge of his congrega tion vacant.' But, Sir, the Presbytery of Melbourne,' by accepting Mr. Strong's resignation without tho UBUal delay, would have merited the condemna tion of all Christian men whose approbation is worth having, and tho Ohuroh of Viotoria have lost the reputation. for purity of doctrine, intellectual vigour, and moral courage it haB long possessed. To tho men who have taken part in past ^struggles for truth in that Church, the work has been painful, but the result has been that the Church of Victoria was never more prosperous and more respeoted than now, and muoh of that prosperity and respeot it owes to.;ita past 'valour for truth.' With thirty Presbyterian congregations in Melbourne, and one hundred and . thirty in the.- country; it can afford to smile at the misrepresentations of ',' The Ghost.' : No doubt it seems manly to join tha Argus, Age, and Australasian ia writing down a church, but ho should be sure that his facts are, of. a leas ghostly character than his person before he retails Buoh offensive abuse. ' '?' ?..'? , ;...?.. -. --. ??.? ,. .? .'. ;? , . ?. . The faots are, the Rev. O. Strong has, since his arrival in .Viotoria, courted the interference of his Presbytery, and then attempted to set them at defiance. Some say thoyhave seldom heard him preach without some coyort attack on his Ohuroh or the Presbytery, to, whom ho. had sworn to be subject. A motion, had been tabled accusing Mr. Strong of false teaching, etc, and Mr. Strong having received a copy of this motion,. but fearing, to face men of muoh1 higher intellectual calibre, who do not owe their reputation to a smack of heresy, sent in hia) resignation. Should the Presbytery. accept hia resignation they will require . to give him a' certificate to another churoh. Can. they give ; him a clean bill of health with a ohargo against him on their table? Thj faots apeak for them selves. . ? . ; ,,- . -. ?;.-;? Mr. Editor, 'The GhoBt' penned his virulent attack on the Presbyterian Churoh on 9th. September, the day of peace and rest, judging it the most suitable for venting hia wrath. On that day (Sunday) all the information contained in,'Eohoes of, Melbourne' arrived in'Laun-; c eat on, and no mail has airived since. Was not the whole paragraph concoctod in this colony and issued, not from the capital of Victoria, but from the northern. oapi.al of Tasmania? Wero not the vials of wrath poured on tho head of the Presbyterian Ohuroh suo more from Patterson-street, Launoestpn ?— Yours, etc., . Septomber 11. J.B. [On referring to ' The Ghost's' M.S. we find that the orror in the date is his own, but why 'J.B,,' because of that error, should suspect that the letter was penned in Launceatorj; or even In Tasmania, we are »t a loss to conceive — Kd. Tas.] 