SPORTING INTELLIGENCE. THE V.R.C. WINTER STEEPLECHASE MEETING. The race meeting to be held at Flemington to-day under the auspices of the V.R.C. pro- mises with fine weather to be a great success. The programme is a liberal one, and as there is a fair number of horses left in each event some good racing may be expected. Of the six events on the card, three are hurdle races, two steeplechases, and one a that race, with which the day's proceedings are to be wound up. The first race is timed to start at 1 o'clock sharp, and the usual arrangements have been made for the conveyance of visitors by special trains from Spencer- street. Annexed is the full programme :— MAIDEN HURDLE RACE. A sweepstakes of 5 sovs. each, £1 10s ft., with 150 added. For all horses which have never won an advertised hurdle race or steeplechase. Horses that have never started in a hurdle race allowed 7lb. The second horse to receive 25 sovs. and the third 10 sovs. out of the stake. 3 yrs old to carry 9st. 7lb : 4 yrs, 10st. 5lb.: 5 yrs, 6 yrs, and aged, 10st. 12lb. About two miles. st.lb. Mr. A. Waugh's b h Matador, aged .. .. 10 12 Mr. H. Levin's b m Belle Brandon, 5 yrs .. 10 7 Mr I O Inglh s II ill lll-mlu, *? t rs 10 Mr li Phillips* h m "lillie, veil W Mcsira ltobcrtson ami W agnci stn hUntalio, 4 yrs Mr. S. G. Cook's b g The Joker, 4 yrs.. .. 10 2 Mi 1 tojilsliaiuscligSpukc, 4vrs 1U lion Vt l'cirsiinscli m lattin, I vrs It) Jil _ Nogiitcn » hr ni Ai-juiilhoiii 4 v rs 10 vii I Simson s bl e Mukiii-I und I vrs U MAIDEN STEEPLECHASE. A sweepstake of 5 sovs. each, £1 10s ft., with 150 addetf lor Ills old and tipuanls which haifl neiei won _ steeplechase Horses which h&ie; lieier started in a steeples luise alloncdl4lli Hie second horse to roccliu J.r> sois and the third 10 sois out of the stakes 4 vis old, ¡Ost »lb , Ti vrs, list Sib II irs mil ne.ed, list ¡lib About two miles mit n iiiitirtci st Iii Mi It HonlesgliGliniri r vu m2 Ml ( t lusse oik s h g Hope livrs 11 I' Vii ( I lcnilniiic,8hifSiiiiniroik,nircil 11 '?> Ml li tuuuelll ns bl g Halt Ituvat, a"cd 11 I lion l\ 1 carsons lire, Speculator, li vrs li » Mr I O lliejiss b ifMi-a, li vrd 11 li Mi S Mulina n crjrllulltitoriii, j vr» li S Uti VXD xvrioNAt n until t HACK. Alialidicu|iMieepstukesof 10 bois each I It, with .¡OO nildetl the second horse to reecho Wl suis nml the thin! 25 toi« out of tile stake About three miles st Hi 'tr It Howioslililothair a"cd li U Mi U >. Walline s he IthcMiB aged 11 » Mr 1 Weeks Ii in triplet a.eel 10 12 Mr A Wauch cb h Matador iaed 10 4 Mr It Sciluislii lil littondale Har»on patk) G Ms 10 2 Mi l> I allon ni lir h Pinoiiut c.cd 10 X Ml S t Cooksb,rlI.wlhsk i"-ed 10 1 Meters ItotierUoii and VVtiAini stn li Ontario, 0 4 I HAM) NVIIOXVI Sit rriLCIIASt A Imiiiliinp sweepstake« of If. soi» each, 1 ft, with 400 adelest Tile s« oud llorac lo recoil o 50 soi S and the third ¿i som out of tho stake About tinco lillies 11) st Hon VV Peiuson s lir g Trumpeter, aged 12 I) Mi W Dailcv s eli g laultor, U)rs 11 0 Mr J VI Kenzies her II-pel thompson (tato Hubbub) 4) is It 4 Mr 1 vi I hllliiM lirgBlncUhorn, 0)rs 10 12 iii, II Ulifiio) sin in Ihr)balls, ural 10 10 Mr O I.usscllsehgSalloi,n"e'd 10 Iel Mr S Martins btr ubndlali aged lo 7 Ml I C1 Held ns bl - Illack Jacket ivrs 10 ¡ Mr VI Vforin s b in I irette (late fenny Vloore) Mr O tllassock s li g Hope, 0 v rs Vlr (, Cripps lior brg Muiluer, aged Vii I. Le« ¡s g g IrlgijCi, 0 v is ski UM. limul! UACf ' ill 1-added est weight to Bt lb s 0 12 U 1 1) li II 0 S II S II V swcoi stakes of sois cub 1ft with 100 added Vtelthtsas lu Maiden Huidle Haie Vt iniioi to bo w lil foi _0 71b allowed foreieii LUI icduetioii In belling i nee donn to _10 two mile: st lb Mi C Pjers b g Sunlight neill lo 1) Mi A keilli in still III Hits (cul) aga! 8 12 Mi I 1 ii) ton s i h g VV Hil Ilnrrj (-10) aged S » Mt I M «rades bl g line I I'lluie (tie) a"ed b 0 Mi 1 lliirilngtons li g Sprln"liiM (hto Straii.ei) (tin) aged S 0 Mi H llitti s b " Stormbird (clu) ami S II Mi VI Jacobs-eli in sillrj Maid (tlO), aged 8 7 H VI lttCI A tiautlicip of 5 bois each el 10s ft I oi tinco v rs old and upwards I c lie not less tliuu 7st One mile XIr T Jones eli or io li Tho Ghost rji_ Mr Y Weeks b c Iriusfcncd 1 irs Xli I Moirlsonsihi Allaudir, irs Ml V It inglis gill Verdino 6vis lion Vt 1 carson s bl f t onie ssln i I: Vii 's t, Cook s lio tii"lcsei I vi uli S Villiers b lil,Coreiuu, 4 vrs Vii M elrlllinsblh ttestlurj G vrs Mi t 1 lemming s i li li Turretfield, 4 ) rs Mr V Saoulsbi Mistada !)rs Mi I (J Held s cb h tumult « vrs Mt A Davies e lu Johipllim, jrs Vii V ii Uonukl s br " Honnie Pee «MS Mi It M Killie) ns li t Caslui nj l)rs Ml e 1 ieimuliiLSch c I oiloin )ls lion Vt I carson s b g Iron H m 1 I j ti Mt I 1 aterson s bl il VVhlspçi Hits Vii I M Crade s bl li rantallsei i ) rs Mr Vt 1-iiie.lcv s bl in Mar), 1 yu Mi Vt lliileischfVlra,o J vrs XIr li tonoll) s g m/e| liyi 4)rs XIr s (lardiners lil Omelette J vrs Vii I Vt hlttln"hniii s bl " Ilooltree, 4 yra Mi tv 1 rame s li f 1 lash ot 1 lc.litnlii" 1 yrs Mr I Vlhlttltifehniuslilf 1 Vii Raine Ijrs ¿Ii J -luisons bl o'sinking lund I)is J here was some brisk Speculation last evening ovei the Nulioiiul Jlurdlcund ¡steeple tit the A ictorian Club l'rospcct was sup ported at .) > to _0 lot the former ma, mid lata was lum nt _ to 1 Matador wus sup nattai at '. to _, und Spark at ii to 1 (taken), und Lotluur wits ut lOUtolö(ollcred) Iihcsus and Bunton were tit 10 to 1 euch (tnken und ollera!) J oi the ¿National Steeplechase, Utstruliun Court wus brui tit i to 1 (ottered) whilst Suiloi vtns ut 1 to 1, Li/etto 100to 1~> (oliered), 8 and 10 others liumpctei tins suppoital by Ins ownii to witt a couple ot thousand tit 100 to 10 lot tilt Minden Hurdle ii ia (Jnturio was lum at et cn money , 1 to 1 u-,st I he Joka, and 100 tolö Belle Burndoo (olleial) 'lill] SALI. MlDWIM'Ktt HACKS LBY 11~LLGI!APHJ (lROM OUlt OVV-J COltlUVSl'ONDhM ) SAU j, rilIOAV '1 he follow mg nominations have been re eci\ id - WIM tu n v\ D10 vp, Of J sois each, uith 100 sois added One mile Mr A I ltnidsha« s c c fellow llaliimoi, Ü )ra Mr A Daviss Josephine Í vis Mi 1 KhiLr s g i, I'll llitotn üvrs Mi .N I oi Un s lim Holle Uranium ovrs Mr VV llclinion s hing Challes (late bil Charles) Mi IV Simmons s DoiiiiiNton Mr T I' O tlrleli s « estbilr) Mi I Mt,! ule s li ti Inntallsti Mi I M ti ide s h li Aid lCIi.lt 3 vrs Messls I mid It lainc-ssb,-IHivilslloof, 4 )I3 lion W l'eusons lil 11 ontesaiua, l)rs Hon VV le uwins, te I ¡.lilli.,ton Svrs lion W I eusoiis by: Ii-otilimel, S)rs lion W Pcui>oti » h lu lui cr 4 v rs lion VV t'cui »on s li f On ilitv, I v rs Vii t tones» hi li Colioluniis 4 vrs eli 1 Weeks s I) h Hist d en Mi I VVeekssbhlliilisfelled, Mrs vii 1 loness ch h the Oliost Ti ms Mi H I. Glissfordsue Vltaiidci, !)rs Mi leo Hh» s bli Neil folk Mr t 1 liiuin"sch .'I oi lorn, liri Mi C I-lullars eli Im etlleid Ins Mi II toiuiellv s h h M ui-luku Ml J 0 Du00utis b c, sjuultiril, l}rs W Vllll sllllllUIVSh, Of T sovs caeli, with 100 sovs added. About two miles and a h Uf Mr g Gold Top ti }rs Mi I M kenzies Harper Ihompson lim XIi A Til) lol s li g l elienil hickson, In Athcling -Uiimtc»s e, vrJ VU J VI tuite shr or bl "'Moonlight (Ivis lion Win I'caisoiisbi g liuilinctci aged lion Win Pc irson s bl " bpec illatol Ovis "Vii I I Crooke s bl or bl g sk)öeiaper, bv o"'lc-sten nisull a, ed Mi f 1 leiiilnj, s li g bli mirock, o"oiI Mr VV J Pott er s g _r Coomeete, naed ti vvDicu nuitDil n vet, Of 2 som each, »Uti Tim» s added About two miles and a half Mi II I el cn s b lu I elie llraudon, I) is Mi M GrMWi » c g Millet li) ra Mi I M (.lade s bfgUliuk lillico aged Mi J M (.iule s li g 1'iiiie bj 1 \eitcuient Ovrs ifcturs I anti 1 1 James s li g Del iltehoof 4 yrs lion W in ,1'c uvon s i li m lattler, 4 } is lion Win Pearson s hr g Douglas (Ins Vlr S M m tin s g ni Iwuanchc, aged Mi 1 Hicks « but triplet aged Mr I li Gibb 3 h oi li g Mendigo, 0}rs Vii Geo Lill» s b in Miss Laura aged Mi II Smiths b h Don Pedro 4 vis COUH-fNG WATHllLOO Ubi' MUK JUNG Juet l8, 1(), AM) 20 President, Sn W I Clarke, vice presi dents, Mcssis M B Bounsevell and linne) Puttcison, treusiner Su Oeotge Verdon, Hag stetvaul, Jil J M olstcnholme , slip steward, Mi A 1' 'thompson, secretan, Mr J Mundill , judge, Mt Oatt iib} , slipp"r, 1! 0 Banner w viutioo eui' Tor Ol all ages, at 115 each winner, _47j and sillo collai presented bl the club, second, "IDO third and fourth ¡A" 10s each , foin dogs ." nell, eight dogs -Ucacli, ' each VI Jil J XV Crosbie na (Mesara VVagucrnuill-nnlngs) I w hk li lthoilanthe, bl I ebelllou- Vt estella, beat Mr I U Scott s w b'. or bk w b Shrewd Girl, by Dunas ens-l'cil, and won thu Cup lilt WAlPlllOO ruitst, lor J2 doss button in tlie first round of the Cup Winner,-?1 Os second, _2S lOs , third and fourth, ' -14 5« each , four do,s, tj los each, eight dogs, "4 15s each v 111 Sam bent Chantlcli or Cowslip 11 beat Imiellci Girofla li beal Cantil ¡tv tt errlbce Sludo» beat (.olden Arion Mr A ClaiknsOfr J Williams») bon ddSaui, by Grenadier-bertha, beat Mr G Majgor ns (Mr K Chliusldob) bk w b ttenlbee Shadow, bj Bashrul | Joe-ltubj, and won the pune TIIK VVATFUIOO PLATE. For 10 dogs be-ten lu the flrst ties of the Cup VV Inner _"1 1 w second JL-3 10J third and fourth jtfj 10s vaeli four clo"s -4 lus each 11 Holline, north n In c ndhrat Ju Ige drew ii lame I roser] lan beat Gooroc * yacon of Hearts beat Heal Grit ( as bent Hob Audle) Mr W ITiomson ns (lion VV M Culloch s) bl w h p das 1 \ Chester-Mint beat Mr W 1> Buchanan ns (Messrs Wagner and Ianiline; »)f w b Proserpine bv eli iron-I lea and won the 1 late í IUDA1 I he M atcrloo Cup meeting was conclude 1 nt a quarter past J to dav, and resulted in imothcr v iclor) tor \ ictoriu I he attendance witsumibUiill) large indeed, in this icspcct the muting bus been evccptiouallv vvtll patronised so much s i that the A ittonu ( oursing Clubs txihequti must have lienc tittil lo isutis.tiuititlt\'tut Ibis wt think ou_.ht to mdutt the committee ne\t)iurto abolish the deduction of °i per cent Horn the stake Sit \\\ I Chu ki and liait) were present I rom liuportswood 1 here vv ere onli i7eoutt,cH left on the enid as usual and it was not necessary to leave town till halt past 10 I he weather still was elchghttul and thus the meeting Iront lirst to last has bet li letiilcicd more than ciijo)ubli I he suppl) of hires n ve r flatbed whilst the scverit) of the trulls giiieriillt was limpie testitnonj ol the excel leuce ol the sport 'J lielitstetenttobebrought to an issue was the I up, and it resulted in another notable vutorj foi that grand grejhound Ilhodauthe, who onlj five weeks betöre won till1 Austiahiin dtp Mr Wag neisbitih apiiearcil to much better advan tage at the Oval than she did ntthe \\\ crribee, and there is no doubt '1 uj loi succei dal in making a wonderful improvement m hir Itei great joite is pace and hundiness m killing, the latter capacity in particular con tribtittng to bei ultimate success, as it enabled bei to meet some of hu oppo nents at a consult!able udviinttige She likewise showed pace in all ot hci tunis, and as proving that the bitch has put on more spied than in het pupp) season, it m i) be mentioned th it she led Cupri this week, whereas last vein lu the \\\ ateiloo Cup it was the other wa) The deciding coinse was out ol the lintst we et cr witnessed lor the wind up of a Watciloo Cup, Shrewd lull hating ample time to turn the tables on Itbodanthc lind she been ci|iiul to the occasion As it was, lihodiinthc net or put the issue in doubt, mil hei gallant vit toi) mnkis hei out one ol the best-borne judges will no doubt sa) the terv best-gieyliottnd ni the whole of Vustiaha Being only hecond henson, there is plenty of running )et beloie her, and no doubt the Stormont kennel will gain additiontil laurels bj ha aid ero she letiresto mattonly duties Bhotlnnthe wits nun bused bj Mr lohn Vi ngner .it Mr \\\ B llounsev ell's sale hist j eui tor 7b guineas, and she has therefore turned out au exceedingly lucky speculation Ln.st.season as a puppi she won the Waterloo Plate, utter being defeuted bj Cupri in the tirst round ol the Cup Jfiistly, though, she made her uppeiiruncc in the South Australian Ouks, und won ti couple of iouise8, when she vvis withdrawn fiom the .slake ni lav oui of Ilcctu, ni tne same kennel Attet that the bite li lost hei hist coune in the Xustiultnn St Leger, showing considettiblt moir paie than Miss Katie, who was hei sunuioi in steudi ness l'noi to the \\\ ateiloo inciting she won the Ilindinaish Island htulccs, m South Australia, and this season the Aus traban Cup, tallow cd bv the Waterloo Cup, h ivu completed, an excellent lecoiel, embiac nig as it does a total of -M courses, in w Inch a couple of defeats only have to be deduetcil 'i he breeding of Ithoiliiuthe is of the moBt fiislnon ible old country strains, ilebelhon, her sire, being bv Tumult out of Lad), both imported gre) hounds, had), b) Gillie Callum out of Ijobeb i; the latter a Waterloo Cup mimer, whilst King Death, Cunariid/o, Judge, ind Chloe, nil in Tumult's breeding, also won the i.nghsh 'blue ul-ititi ot the leash ' M estella, the dum of Ithothinthc, is b) Charon out oi .loan (imported). Charon being bv Pell Mell out ol Nellie, and Jotn bj Improver out ot Ant) , Improver b) Patent, and Amv bunging in another line ot Canaiad/o lung Luir, in loan's pedigrte, won the Wittel loo Cup, and thus Ithodanthc tcpcnts the his toiv ot no tewei than half a do/en winners of the ] nglish Waterloo Cup -a leninrkiible combination of cucum stances, it must be admitted Mt Wagner, one of the owners of lihodauthe, lins been singular!) successtul as u colonial c oursei Three Wuterloo Cups, as will be noted below, have füllen to his share, mid the same mini her of Au-»alum ( ups-one with St)*, four }tarsago , thu second with Proserpine last >tiu, and the third with ithodanthc last month 'lim se ison, moreover, the kennel produced one of the divider» of the Cn at Southern Cup, so that Messrs Wagnei und I anning, not to omit their clever trainei, James 'taylor, have accomplished great wonders The parti have won a fair stake bj the success ot ilhodanthe, although the ariangemcut that the bitch was to fill the nomination ot Mr Crosbie was not com pleted till last week, and the secret was so well kept, und the commission bo quiet!) and effectually worked, that it was only a day 0r so before the draw that the placing of the bitch was actually authenticated. The runner up to Rhodannthe was a rank outsider, and had Mr Scott's fast bitch turned the tables on the favourite, the joy of the bookmakers would have known no bounds. As it is, they mc well hit all lound, the public also having put down the dollars fuiskl) when thev knew Mr Crosbie was thenonnimtot ot lihoelunthe Oi Shrewd Gul it can hurl) be said that she tully ilesei veil the position she tittil in ed, us up to the deciding course she lind led cvciv one of her opponents Mi Scott's bitch is second season, and as it pnpp) was onl) once out, vi_, m the Australian .St Leger, in which she won a course, und wus then diawn tium lameness, it lsmitnv a du) since Mi Scott lins shown so bold a flout in a big stake, and he is so pluck) ii spoitsmuu that his victor) would hate been quite a popuhu une blncwd turi is a well brid bitch bj DiimiisctiM- Peri, bj lied Botei-(-ilcncoc, D.imnscus bj Contungo-Hebe 'Hits henson she wus put out in the second round of the (.ireut Southern Cup, und subscipientlv, in the Stormont Plute at the Werribee, wus out worked by V. tltul (.June, a vcty much slower gil thouin! Legerdemain, the third m the stake, like the w mnei and t unnei up, haagit en etidcticc of much luipi oicmcnt anice last hcuson, especially in themnttci of pate, mid Mi \\\ hittinghum's bitch must be held to hut e distinguished herself toa marked degtce Hail she met llhodtinthe on more even tenus, the Waterloo Cup might lane had iiuothei ending Legerdemain, howevet, is so good a grcv hound that bhe w ill j et win a good stake the New South Wales division weie curly out of it. with the exceptionof Tluift, an imported grej hound, and the onlj one of the Pnglish bred lot that am v iv ed the ups and dow ns ot the lirst and second du) lu Ma) last Mr Town's bitch, although imlv a few weeks oil the ship, won the Ludits' Iiiucelet at the ¿New South Wales Club meeting, and on that occasion allow ed the same j) ice und îesolu tion that distinguished her ni the \\\ mci loo Cup this week She will be a dnngeious timm ii ni tiny comptui) 'Iho Purse, it will be seen, fell to a real good pupp) in Sam, a son of Mi Oore's Cucnadier, who defeated Wernbee Shadow intliedeudntgcoui_e Mr Chirnside, old bitch, howetei, wus, like Mellort, ti lame gre) hound to begin vt ith, and it isa cneumstiinceof some inteiestthatboth of these named were lespcctivel) beaten in the first and becond rounds of the Cup bj the eventual thud and second The Plate ended m a w m tor anothei puppj This was (jiis, the onlj one of the lion W M'Culloch's strong team of nine tliut stitt the end ot out of the three stakes Proseipine, the runnel up to Oas, though ought to have pulled oil the Plate, and no doubt would have done so but foi getting so bimi lun in her bje, vvliieh she uni single handed Un the return to tow ii there waa ti huge gathering at the Mitre Tavern, when the etent of the din was dnlj celebrated in bumpers ot Lima et 1 ils 1ft vu luoo Vi vi F -Hut rio*4 - Ball irat Judjco luu¡u¿ been drawn, Ho)liii(,v\ortlt nut his bye with Muldu! Dorset (nibo au .inputted Mi,) hound) who defeated Iilm in u hollow sl\ lu but It must bu re n ici i ib-red that Mr Hull s do^ wus lame Gooroc, on ii blight inside just _ot up in iront of Proserpine nnd liinitxlUice, tliciiplitlii^'tliL hiUh, who k11 Gooroc, thou went on ultu hi» hain for a couple of pointa, uliui hu hu» ? fire, und tlin- trom Mr Wagner h hitch had the best of it ami won Heal Cut led (¿uccn of Heart, forull tho points at the bef,Iimin¿, after whh h tim tjucen bot to, nnd appeared to be in a minoriU when tlio hare escaped rho verdict. howuci, went up for her Gua led three lengths, and turned twice A few c\chnn¿cs then followed, ut tho end of which Hob Audley killed, and put lum.Of out of com t Second Ties-IIolHri¿woith having been di own from lameness, _»ro_trpi»c ran a »Ingle handed b\u to a titrons hare, which took a lot of killing Gus led Queen cf Hearts _c\ en or el¿ht Icmrttis foi the berrin nin^andeud of a ufco trial, In um middle of which her opponent did a fair sharu of the w ork Deciding Courue -Gas led a couple of I 11,'ths foi the lh>t tinco tunis and placid the fawn, but the puppy noon took tht taro »wa.) Ufeuin, ivnel ul'i mater* won the stoke inyhou W ATBULoo Pi R8K - becoiid Tics -Sam led Chan tlclecr a couple of lengths, turned t a ice und sent the hura to tlio latter to kill Cowtihp li could otilj luid JVivcllcr abare length and uided thewinuet of u give and taku course with but little if un>thiu¿, to -pare, oh tho harot-caped GliolH li was i couplu of length- fa_tci thin CnptHiU for tlio hebt of somelHeh work till »lie fell which houtrcr did not enduiigu her chaucx. Hirrlbeo Shadow dieu paul Golden Ano» and out])accd Mr Woodhouse, punpv all tluou-h a jrood trial íhínl ries -Sam drew past Cou eli p If on reach hit* the hare, aud wound up a rather one sided vffaii with a »mart kill Werribee bimlow led Girofla II ten lengths, and held tier own so ele\ei]> Unit Mr Gore's bitch only got two or three points before the escape of the hare. Deciding Course.-- Sam showed pace and maintained command for everything but u single point, inclusive of the kill. Werribee Shadow appeared incapable of making an effort, and was taken up very lame Waterloo Cup - Fourth Ties.-Lagerdomain went quickest from Bilpa, aid led for about half of the run-up, till Rhodanthe commenced to draw on her, finally west past, and got up with a three-lengths' lead for the turn. The favourite followed up this with a second clever turn, when puss broke clean away. lilla let In Legerdemain uhowrcnohed 9tron¿l. four times, when Hhodauthe shot across on au op|x>rtunlty presenting itself, killed at once, and won hand soinelv Thrift was soonest awaj, but Shrewd Girl, with a burst of speed, passed her, within aseorc j nrds of tlie hare, however, Thrift fairly asserted her supo rioiitv In rai-, and secured the turn Iho haro now broke back, and Shrewd Girl got placed for two nice plonts and went wide After this it was a give and take course, in which Shrewd Oirl alwajs shone to Hiebest advantage and at last Ihrllt putting the luirc to her, sim lulled, and »on w Itli a couplo of IKiiuts to tlie good Deciding Course -Tlio betting was 5 to 2 on Rho dintlic After ono hare had conic out unheeded, a second and a trimmer, was liberated lliej wero despatched t- a be ciitiful slip, and the favotinto hu iiicdiatcli began to draw uwav She nUhiiatelv reached the luiro with n good three lengths lend, and li roía, lit puss mund, running slightlv vi ide, but maiio amends bv racing past lol tlteseioud and thlnl turniu smcesiloii Shrewd (,nl then hod a chance for one, but she was at ouec all abroad, and though she got au oei-ies onal point, lthoIanthe was iuiarubli ruing liast and llinillv she wound np a m iirniticcnt ti lil ot good length with oneof bel lintot brilliant kills winners of nu. WAn.iiioo cup, luasi, AM) 1'I.MI. I Cup I 1'iirso | llito li" Mr Watson s,Mr Whelan s Mr Hepburn s Miss Heller Haidee Hell 1874 Mr Vt M lui Mr I anning s Mr Wagners i loch s Ko) al 1 aiidoi v t Happj Lass I Watci 18"riXIi Wagner «Mr Watson s Mi U loues s I S indi llxrratta I Justin Illonm lSJUMr Wagner s XIr Watsons Mr C 1, I MissVValker Uidy tudlc) j prieiesl.1 lS77Mr (.ores Gi Mr Oldfield s Mrltntson s One | lana Duna I of the Tuche 1878 Mr Hepburn ».Mr Heed s Mr Slldiuorcs I Voting lie/Juno How ena I Hcctrlc 1870 Mi leo 1.01-«Mr llennctts Mr 1 11 Cul I 1 olex I Kew Uiss I loch s Che-tol lSSOMr skiilmoru s Mr scottsMr Wheatans | Springw atel j bunn) sides | lluxom 1«81 Mr vdiiiiisou s Mr llouiitcv eli s Vlr 1 raser s 1-nilj Mar) | Icipiditc Donnie! | borough I 1SS- Mi coopers XIr \V Watson s Mr V\ ignora I Capri I XX nilton Uiss t IthodaU-io lbsavli VtsgncrslMr J Williuins s lion Vt M Cul I llhodHlitlie I Sun_loch s Pas_ j.' In l-Tltho Cup vires for _2 dogs at ilJlOs and in lSi I for eil, at -12 10s It has since been foi I« dogs, at ¿Ai _ PIGLOV SHOO TING MJXBOUuÑjTi-UN CLUB Hie handicap match for a pu¿o of -70 waa con tinned icstcrdn) under the nuspiees of tho Mel bourne Club on the _orth Diighton ground Hie weather was hue, lind tho arrangements tooti, but some of tho competitors of tin pieiious di) fallal to put In au apjieataiicc On Ihuisdu) when .?hootliij ceased, li Dodds was tile onl) one who Ii id Mllfcd nv of his seien birds consecutive!! On resuming he shot his seicnth hint without a miss and landed lint moni) Hie second prke of -_0 was divided b) Messrs A it Inglis t Blades (assumed millie) It (. llrounlovv siliil M laithflll viliocailikilledullie-biiilsoiitoflO while Messrs I' « laekson L Clarke, and J Vlack, with lisiare of seien each, divided third molle) Hie next event was the annual illlbtrophl, for vi Illili tiaro wero 10 competitors M hioj who shot It binls out of li was the wlnnei , A 1! Wilson with ouli one more miss, being second, and A VI (»ref.ui vi ho brought eight out of IO to grass third Itiswoithi of note that tho highest scorer In tho Intercolonial match the winna of the di minion medal the w inner of tlie handicap match, and tue w inner of the club trophv, all used guns made bv I'owetland Sons Appended are tho scores - livsDicu' JiArcii Seven lui ila cudi 1 ir-.t im-t, i.70 , second, £20, thin!, i.10 h Clarke (Greener), JOjets 1,1,1,1,0,1,1,1,0 7 .G '--iip-uiiOscott), 10}ds 0 0 P « Jackson (»cutt), JO ids 0,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,0 7 A It hulls (Greener), 10 Vets 1,1,1,1,0,1,1,1,1,1 1 r Gannon (Punte)), S0)ds 1,1,0,0 J VV havei (follett), «J ids 1,0,0 1 VI 1 iiithful (Gretna), uO vets 0,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1 0 M li Cliukt (Greener), JO lils 1,0,1,1,1,0 4 O Li "ml (l'outil), to vils 0,1,1,1 J T VV lllitclier (Gretnci), "Olds 1,0,1,1,1,0 4 J Hamilton (Pou eil), JO s )ds . 0,0 0 TI VI 1 io) (l'on eil), JO )ds 1,1,1,0 1 M Hill (Stott) JO Mis 1,1,1,1,1,0,1,0 U H Pilton (VV Itieliurd9),o0 )ils 0,0 0 « L Murdoch (Pou eil), JO 0,0 I vlnck (Greener), 2$ vds 1,0,1,1,1,1,1,1,0 1 Killie (l'on eil), JS jds 0,1,0 T Vuil_rliun, 2S)ds 1,1,0,1,1,0 VV Russell (l'Ott eil) 28)ds 1,0,1,1,0 J Stephenson, 2Sids 1,0,1,1,1,1,0 I Ieiiton(Glccucr),2Suls 1,1,0,1,1,1,1,0 * Iuilies(Grtenel), 2î> vets 0,0 It Vlueiifeo (Glecnel), JS ids 1,0,0 A VInt"'ic_:or(Webte)), 2S lets 0,1,1,10 \ Milson (Potteil), J7 vits 1,1,1,1,1,0 I O Ili.lls (Pou eil), 27 )ils 1,1,0,0 W I Ljne (Pou eil), 27 ) els 0,0 1 Dodds (Pomeli), 27 vils 1,1,1,1,1,1,1 S Holet (Clccncl), J7vds 1,0,1,0 1\. Govett (VV ltltlmrds), 27 lils 0,1,0 I li lames, 27) els 1,1,1,0,1,1,1,0 I I btrali.ili (Giecuer), 27 vds 1,0,0 M Dalr) niplc (Greener), 2(1 vtls 1,0 It Grunt, 20 vds 1,1,1,1,0 J Cnipcntei, 20 lets 0 A S Miara), JUvels 0,1,0 1\. II Green, _li\ds 1,0,1,1 H M IJmpliclli) (lloslel) Jil ids 1,10,1,0 VV 1 nul es, 20 Vels 1,1,0,1,0 It G Iliouiilow (I"n"') 20 vela 1,1,1,1,0,1,1,1,1,1 'Stokes (Giteuci) 211 vds 1,10,1,1,0 t> 1 lovel (Greenei) Ji ids 1,0,1,0 VV Pitt (Pott eil), Jil els 0 .D 1'ciirson (Pouell), 21} tis 1,1,1,0,1,1,0 A t Wilson, Jj)ils 1,1,0,1 .G llliillts(Poueil), 2.1 veis 110,1,1,1,1,1,1,1 II "iil_r(aieeilel) 21 vds 0,0 h G t'ooku (Pouell), 21) ils 1,0,1,1 P aienistei (Pott eil), _t veil 1,1,0,1,1,0 .Vlithuel (Vluicolt), 2l)ds 0,1,1,0 J L Punes, JJ Vds 1,10 0 .Assumed names ci.eu Iltot'ilt Value - 2d , to be won oneo , handicap, nine birds option li bl! lip Stephenson, 20 v ils 01,0 1 \ it Inglis, 0)ds 1,1,0,1,1,1,0 t Moms, 20) ds 1,0,1,1,1,1,1,0 ( 1' Olcli-tci, -I lils 1,01,11,1,1,0 I W U Claikc, SO vds 1,1,1,0 0 Hutcher, Olds 1,1,0,1,0 .Blades, 2ÍÍ ) ils 0,1 0 VV thompson IO)ils 1,1 1,1,0,1,1,0 ( luithful, »lils 1,0,1,1,0 I Maik, _i}ds 1,1,0,0 1\. Clirke, lovds 1,1,1,1,0,1 1,0 ( li Ulilphelbv, i3 Jds 1,1,0,1,1,1,1 0 ( Miiinfcc, is v els 1,1,1,1,1,1,0,0 ( blow ulai!, 2Sjds 1,1 0,1,0 1 rlond, iOvds 1,0,1,1,1,1,0 r Stall!ortln, 2- ids 0,0 c W cston, 20 v ds 1,0,1,1,1,1,1 I Murdoch 28 vds 1 0,1,1 0 s V Vliugngor, 27)ds 1,0,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,0 t lad son, Ovds 1,0,1,1,1,1,0 f .1 Pearson, _'u)ds 0,(1 Ü "Stokes, iii ids Sai el, JO) ils 00 I 0,1,1,1,1,0 4 Cannon, JO)ils 0,1,0 1 .Michael, _i id- 1 0,0 1 's Held 28 ids 1,1,0,1,0 li lum,', 2. ids 1,0,0 1 1 Dodds Olds 0 1,0 1 ill-sell, 23 vds 00 I .-liddon, -il vils uno : A VV I'eal-ou, 20 nil 1,1 1,0,1,0 Cooke 21 ids 1,0,1 0 Hamilton, Olds 0,1,1,0 « "I. lollllson, JO J ils 1 1,0,0 2 M'l.voi, .0)ds 1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,0,1,1,1 11 A II tVllsoil, 2f> vds 0,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,0 11 0\. Umpllelbl, 2» vds 1,0,1,1,0 i 1 Stralinn, 27 vds 0,1,0 1 Ji Lime, 27 v ils 0 1,1,1,0 .G Huckle), 2S v d3 0,1,1,0 .Assumed names -ÏOWINIt nolls With the lengthening da\s a little moro animation te ob_enablo un Hil mu, hut there is nothing tis \ct lo iccord of club iluin^s the lowing men c\i dcntli having luul a surfeit from the extra activity evinced during tilt, 1 ut _c "un Jlicpiiii-ipiltopU] of comcraition just «ou Ih the action of the committee of tilt. \ K A with respect to tilt amended rules *.?_ fai feu alterations of co« hcqucncc havo been made e\\_n amendment of hu »ort into hellier postponed for .uluru consideration this u O of dealing with thu diflicultlcs 1» duo to the veiy pitent fact tint Uttla thought been is to ha*c been devoted to the subject uutti t until it is brou ¡Jit foi va ard ut the meeting when time and cnera\ mu wasted in di-- cu*-_iug a »umher of ciude and ill loiisideicd Minae.Hons J he committee meet again on Motidiv ue\t when it is to hu hoped the business of picparing tile rules foi sub iiii-.mii to the annual general mctUng i» bop temher will be brought to ti mittef 11 tor¿ termhi ition In the aeeount give» of thu last meeting the terms of the motion I ibleil bj Mr Upward uciu incoricctlj m ide to read that club- _lion,Id nominate a represen tathciucinbci on thccuuuuittcc of tho \ It _ who paid "foi 20 members to and subscribir* to tlie \ 1_ \ of 6s It should lune bec» that rs should nibo lie p rid bv the clubs forciere additio »al member (o\er Jw) who was not already a m _b_ci.be r to thu \ \l \ * Hie Ci\d Scivico pair otrcd races wero brought to 1 eoneluaion during tho week, Met*» btcphcu mid h um gun earling oil the ti opines Xhcio facoius a probnbiHt\ of Hie challenge men tioued in the hitit tesuc of " IJio Australasia» ' a_ cmaunting from *_ South Australia» beullei being taken up, " Cloitithus h i. ing icecived a note from Itobcit iattliison, of toot- era), exprebsin^ his in teni.on of \telting \ oung and Jnckso» s Hotel on thu evening of Wednesday ne\t. for tile pulposo of meeting the a^cnt of tho South Vustraliau, lcariiln0 futthei paitleulars and possibbj makin,; a match On Sntimhv last tho Glebe Heming Club of New South Wales held nu amateui ie_,atta, und htttoduced a novel md, it must he nek u oui edged, In some aspects improved method of lowarding the uhuicu Hie committee agreed that no platcdunro prizes should bo ),¡\Lii, but tliut the ladies of the Clebu should he as! ed to piovlde prl/ei. for the event, ihe idea was rctvdilv take» up, and a number ot wodi! and ornunicnl ii articles were gl\e» b> the lidies of thcdi5tticl the n une or names of the donors of the prices lu ing "li cn with the details of t ich nee ïhu pri» ipil_\eiit on the programme waa the mee foi the Senioi beulte for which li\c or the Krug .culling (former!. of Melbourne) Brett Middleton and ltieh Iho race was howcvci, left to the tuo first minimi the others retiring Hie contost was won h\ laden Walker losing ' iimuv lengths b) his Ixvd -t_eriUL The follow in« are tu^en froln 'Charons notes In the (Sjdiie> Mail of bat urda v last - ' Unfortunately the moe between Trickett and Beach lias been llxod for the same date as that for the regatta of the Sjdncv Kowbi g Uub While ruf erring to the u tate h in question, I may siy that after It Is over _t is probable tliut the wlnnur will take up Laj «.cksehaUcnL.c of £300 to £200 ami if so it is ca, nected to creato much moa than usual interest Mcsscuacr fbiteltcd Ikach s b _ at a» Tuesday I wt and she lins turned out a ellpper, the westerly winds of the past ueck have warped her sllghtl), though not s-iousl) "Mr T Spencer.scn .thowell known meei-nielan, has just completeel a slidliig scat which lu action and iliilsh Is, I think imflh superior to anything wo ham vcthadhtre lliese-tis carvedoutof afeolldblotk of uootl, is clcgautl) intulo anil so shaped that it is Impossible for the row cr to fall off it or to throw it oil the stiele rho seat works on two liraiis rollers run lung on flat steel bt-rings and bv au Ingoiilcxis con trhanet the wat ma) be safe!) brought some 4in aft of tho framottork on which it ¡a flxwl without fear of It tnintnliig or getting out of gear ltiscv ceedingly light, and I understand it is intended as a present to Mr D. Middleton in recognition of his plucky performance in the Krug race. FOOTBALL. The following matches will be played this afternoon:— Carlton v. Essendon.—These clubs meet this after- noon on the East Melbourne ground. Carlton members admitted to ground and stand by members' ticket. Essendon will be chosen from-Aitken, Alexander, Angwin, Bishop, Carter, Dunn, Flem- ing, Hughes (two), Kirk, Lethbridge, M'Culloch, M'Shane, Nally, Power, Pender, Powell, Pitcher (two), Rout, Sebire, Stafford, Tindale, Young. The following, representing Carlton, are requested to meet on the ground at a quarter to 3 o'clock:— Baker (vice-captain), Bailey, Bloomfield, Coventry, Cameron (two) Daley, Donovan, Elliott, Frayne, (captain) Heatley, Joyce, Maloney, Robertson, Smith, Shearwood, Wilson, Walker, Whelan, Woods. Emergencies-Syle and Fitzgerald. Melbourne v. South Melbourne.-This match will played on the South Melbourne Cricket-ground. The following will represent Melbourne, who are requested to meet at Garton's Hotel at 2 o'clock -Aitken, Booth, Collins, Conway, Cunningham, Jones, Morris, Murphy, Mackenzie, M'Donald, M'Intyre, Patterson, Plant, Rickards, Rush Stiffe, Sloman, Strachan, Thewlis, Tuckfield. South Melbourne will be selected from the following - Brown, Brooks, Bushel, Elms, Gates, Goding, Graham, Grave, Gilchrist, Horan, Minchin, Neally, Page, Rosser, Robinson, Smith, Slatter, Taylor, Wells, Woods, and Young. South Yarra v. North-park.-The game will be played at St. Kilda at 3 o'clock. Hawksburn v. Toorak, at Toorak. Williamstown v. Footscray, at Footscray. South Yarra (second twenty) v. Evansdale, at Grace-park, Hawthorn. A drag will start from the South Yarra station at a quarter-past 2, and will wait at the Fish Market until 20 minutes to 3. Normanby v. Caulfield. These clubs meet at Caul- field. The Anglo-Australian Association Football Club play on the Richmond Cricket ground at 3 o'clock. The following matches will also be played this after- noon :- Fortrose v. Montague, on South Melbourne Football-ground ; Fortrose (second twenty) v. Alberts, on ground of the former at Albert-park ; Carlton v. Essendon (second twenties), at Prince's-oval, Park- hill v. Richmond Standard, on the ground of the former, Richmond paddock ; Star of Carlton v. Waver ley, in the Royal-park ; Southern Cross v. Grosvenor United, at Fawkner-park ; Balaclava (second twenty) v. South Yarra Imperial (23). at Payne's paddock Waverley v. Star of Carlton, at Royal-park ; Kew Highfield v. Powlett Juniors (second twenty) at Kew; Sandridge Excelsior v. Fitzroy Alberts, at Richmond Paddock ; North park v. Brunswick (second twelves), in Royal-park ; Carlton Excelsior v. Melbournia, at Royal-park ; Balaclava (second) v. South Yarra Im- perial (23), at Windsor LACROSSE. PREMIER CUP. This afternoon the Collingwood Blues meet the Melbourne team at ])ailiu" gardcin Jhu Melbourne tumi w ill meet at Clifton hill omnibus *tand. and w ill be as follows - Cot cn ti}, 1 lH_a I o\ (four), Harper, "Ssoke Lyolia ("ciptainl, Muirhead, Noicott, Scott, Stattci ihc Unies will comprise líla_lc¿ (captain), lient, Blown Cole, Coomb« Heath, Hutchison, llartct, La Masunci Man Held Noninii, Wheeler Richmond \ Collingwood (teds-Ibis game, alio one of the cu))fl\tuiu> t ill bo placed this afteiuoon, on the -round of the foi mer lho chosen Reds w ho arc rcqiic-tcd to meet at Vi illiams s at a quirtcr past 2 arc- tirowuf Hatchcloi (two) lïr>*uit, Cole, Daniel» Heath, Teni ins ] ou_h, Swift, Stott. Diomas, W lllfani Melbourne Uniitrut> \ Carlton -This, theltlilrtl piciuiet cup match to be decided to-da), will bo ¡mued on the ¡-.lound of the lattci at tho Rojal puk Um\cr-lt> leam -lîi-omllcld, Cha.se, Moore, Horne, loske, \aughau Rom, Reade, Painctl, Pltchei, Kennt, Smith Minoróte Caí Itou leim -Uarclat, Dattcu, 1-kell, Bradlcj, Ulis lallte Caldwell, iiaicr, limpet, Maithi, Alcrcer, M Haig, Ges-iiei, Sluppcrc 1 it/roy \ South Melbourne - ihe fourUi pre miei cup match willcommcneuat lo clock ntl it? rov litzio;. leam Co0hill Cloiibton Coopci, Hnii\ (-), Ilofkhart c.rahani Heule (eaptuii) Iones ltushall, Seott, Stickland nnd Xrichett bouth Melbouiui li mi liasei, Conlon (1) Hong, Huuh, knight, M Kuli,e Turnei Tribe (captain), N ntl, ninf \\\ Ulutt, cmerj_,t)iti, Henderson jL-jiTTrM.. Thcmcmbeisof the 1 meraki hill Hurling Club arc requested to meet on their giound this afternoon for u practice match in ordei to choose i te mi to plas a return mate li ugnlnst í amisto» on tile 23th m.t Hie Jlotham Hurling Club will plav a practica iiiat.ii un the Hotham llmling I. lound this iftu Bohemians \ Melbourne-A mutch between tho second foina of these chilis will be pkiwd todi\ it half past 1 lim at loo nile Melbourne team Messrs J \\\ Smith,« >\ ood, II Anderson, and II Moore l-ICYCI-INU The TO miles Piemicr toad nue will tiko phcooii thu 1st September, and all entries, nccoinp mied h\ a list of previous potíoriuintes, must he made not Intel than 0 p ni on Wcdiicsdav, 22» I August Tile route chosen Is fiom h-iieton to Melbourne and the huidic-tpa will appear in Hie Argus of the 2ath August Hie Victoria Club will meet at the Trades Itali at J oeloek slmip to tun to Hawthorn The Noun mbj Club meet ut tho Trcasur. to da> at hilf past 2 sharp Ihe Suuliidgu Clubwlll meet at Potter s Stitioc Hotel for a run to 1 reston Mart at half p ist 2 Hie member, of tho Northcote _<\ccl.ioi Club an i co nested to meet at the tun!, Lastet» hill, at 3 o clock shaip foi a run to Doncaster rho Melbourne Ihe} du Club meet o» lutstcrn hill tit half post 1 ah up, for a i uti to tho CM1 Senke CitcKet-gtoumi to engage m a muttm t,umooiiooi bill aj, id nat tim "Normanln lllctclc Club The Vlhcil Riegele Club will meet at their usuil lcnde/tous thisaitcrnoon for a run to Scotch College "round to w ltness the football nntch Melbourne t ¿«ormuuht Hie Ciilton Club um to the Union track this after noon bt trtmg from the usual place at *t p m ßhnrp J he Hotham Ríetelo Club will meet at J pin. _liai p at low ii hall for au liupiomptu run Ihc Icrn-ide Ricjclc Club will run to Keilor, _laitin" from Burke and Mills Monument at half past 2 \AG1111NCj Amifri Pauk 'i teni Cum -rho first et cut foi tho Ilruce Itophv will take place this attuinoon, btaitin^ from the moorings opposite the pit ilion at tinco u clock nhirp Ibu follow in,f are the entries -Mr I Mackat s \a\ij,ato¡ Mi \ Iiurbank's Puma Donna Mi C Du! es Stint and Mr Grahams 1 nufch a Uallaw_,h A tert pk wurt evening wns spent lastTucsdat at tho White Horse Hotel Moraj stiect _. meriki hill, on which occasion tho taluiblo trophy presented bt Mrs \ C 1 Carter was handed over to tho winner Mr I C Curtis Mi O Shea on behalf of Mrs Cartel complimented the winner foi his si ÍU in a nchtnuuiship this bein,* the second time tint he his bud the honour of beating Ina opiKuicuts Mi Curtis suitably replied Hie heiltlt ot the donoi and othei toasts hit ing been diuuk and a plea«- mt ctemng spent the company scpirated 