Sale Results Last Week. It is to be regretted that no flattering re port can be given uf the flrat attempt bi the Sale ppjiteinen to institute a winter meeting ; but there is no doubt, the promoters had an up-liiU game to fight on the recent occasion. aud the i should nut despair of attaining eui-h a success next year ua shall wipe uut tbe memory of tliis season's failure. Many reasons contributed towards the disappoint ing results of last week's running, ihe princi pal causes no doubt being too ciuse a proximity to the Y.K.C. Grand National, and an unfortunate cla-hiiig of the first-an nounced date with that of the long- established fixture at Geelong. Added lo these draw backs, moreover, were the palpable facts of the long au«l expensive journey; and to en sure a satisfactory conclusion in the future the Sale Club timet arrange three preliminary necessities. Firstly, a date to bcstsuii horse- owners ; secondly, such increased aud duly advertised stakes for the jumps as shall in duce large fields ; and tnirdly, a contract with the Railway Department to allow cheap fares for man and horse. I heuriity hope that these outspoken hints will be acted upon, for with gentlemen of such position at (be head of the club as Messrs. Win. Fear- son, Power, Ac., aoy personal risk of liability would be a comparative " flea-bite and if the former only wills to do it, the meeting in August next may be at once declared a fait accompli. To my thinking, though, it is ab solutely necessary lo make the date follow that oV Geelong, which will theu act as " a feeder " instead of there being any need less rivalry, lo regard lo the actual running at last week's tryst, there is litllc to say in this topic, ample particulars appearing in their place. MtUer won the llurdle. Race enfily, through DeviLsliooFs bad temper at tbe very moment when victory seemed in his power. Transferred at la6l turned the lables on his stable-mate Tbe Ghost by holding the tolerably large field ut his mercy iu tbe Flat Handicap, though Mr. -Weeks fancied the un certain bay's chance so little this time as to only put "a tenner" on him. Friendless secured the Selliog Hurdle Rice in a canter, and made a present of £20 to the funds. Coomete, who alarted firat favourite, managed to land the Steeplechase through being the only horse who stood up, and this despite having to bring his near leg home " a swiuger;" and Byron walked over for the Selling Flat Race. By-the-bye, it was rumoured that Asliton bad broken his tbigb when Speculator came to grief with liim, thus adding another to tbe continuous mishaps which are literally " befalling " so mauy'of our cross-couQtry riders this season ; but a message received from Sale on Saturday states that, although considerably shaken, Ashton was able to walk about again. 