THE SPOLIATION OP INDIA. (Br J. SEYJIOUB SEAT, IN THE "NINB- TEENTH CEOTUBT." (Concluded.) THE mass of the porerly-stricken classes in India -dare not risk such punishments as these. For bare life, however, salt must be had. It is a crime to separate the precious saline particles from the earth, but it is not a statutable offence to swallow the salt along with the earth itself. Nothing remains, therefore, for many poor people but to eonsume the revolting compound. Darwin has familiarised us with the fact that there is a class of worms which gain nutriment by passing the soil through their tube-lik.; bodies. It has remained for our British Government of India to reduce large numbers of human beings to the same expedient. In the State of Hyderabad, «)i<>r.- i Jjave lived for the last twenty years, the people ar.- entirely dependent on British salt, and great mortality is caused among the poor by their eating earth for the sake of its saline flavour. The practice is common throughout India. The following anecdote was narrated before the Finance Committee, in the year 1873, by a Parsee professor of the ElphinBtone College at Bombay— " A native chief placed 100 rupees at the disposal of the Rev. Mr. Mackie to be devoted to charity. The natives of the village represented to that gentleman the hardship from which they suffered in consequence of their inability to procure salt, which was subject to a heavy tax, and their being compelled fornix their food with earth saturated with salt. The reverend gentleman, being moved with compassion, purchased salt with the enid money, and distributed it freely amonpt the people to relieve their wants." I have myself seen a wretched peasant at early dawn seek out a remote and unfrequented spot on a desolate sea-shore, and, in momentary dread of detection, set to work toprovide a little salt for his squalid and wellnigh starving household. Far too poor even topossess a spade or trowel, destitute of aught in this world save the rag wrapped round his loins, he scratched in the mud with naked, hands a little trough. The advancing tide soon turned this into a shallow pnol, which the hot wind and the glare of the" Indian gun dried up before the evening when the tide returned. Wearily he wandered nightly to the spot to let in new water. In three or four days, on the bottom of the trough, a thin crust of salt was formed. He collected this by scraping it from the clay, and, tying it up in a corner of his waist cloth, he started' for hiB home as if he had gained a prize. He was stopped at the door of hie hut by a revenue officer, who confiscated his salt and ordered him into confinement. Wiid with, hunger and disappointment, he made 6. desperate resistance, wounded the officer,, and, in the result, was condemned to five? years' penal servitude. The evidenoe I have adduced, and my own experience, alike point tp the oonviction that the people have already arrived at a stage of poverty, want, and misery which must resuli. in speedy collapse unless the expenses of the Government of India are largely redueed. We are enjoying a large revenue, but we are wringing it from the . very vitals of the people. Their jewels and ornaments, their cattle, and even.their coo&ing; vessels, are fast disappearing. It is offieially admitted that upwards of eix millions of our Indian fellow-, subjects have died of starvation in the last seven years. The sceneB of misery witnessed six years ago were frightful and appallingnay, indesoribable. In that year in the small province of Mysore, no less than 1,500,000 died of starvation out of a population of 5,000,000. In the Madras Presidency I had some photographs taken on the spot, which, though harrowing enpugfl, but faintly represent the horrors witnessed at that period. At the same time, with famine and disease arid death on every side, no one could fail to be struck with the sublimepatience and tender self-denial displayed by the people in the. very depth, of theirdistress. An eye-witness on this oooasioni says :— " They saw their orops perish beforo their eyes, but did not turn against their rulera They were starving, but not one in a hundred thousand resorted to robbery." And a relieving offieer reported from t famine digtriots as follows: , " Mothers, aunts, grandmothers, orneighr hours bring children to be fed, and. thouirt in want themselves, never express by word or sign a desire to share in the help thev know is meant priy .for young children Big boyB bring little boys, and, though lank and hungry, and casting longing eves on food, are only intent on seeing that their charges get their allotted portion. For sbc weekB past a little girl of ten or and never asfcing' bite or supjon her own. aocount. In the last few days X noticed that ahe was beginmng to go down." , ^^i/^ertlls^pt recent Indiari fam^haTO ^ecpme .widely,inowa in this ^ ' « comparatively f^Wjaro « Wa» hat a state of Onn« exis,t8 ,whl h is worse han even famineISaf—riamal,, that the. low pangs <rf"iiTnigBr.~aintniKrtn ..A ginkinp. I have myself observed their oondZn when interrogated, they say that they have been reduced on account of their inability to prov de thenwelveB ^h sufficient food. Many of Hem I have known live on half diet, with only one meal a day, nd many of them live on wild herbs and fruit growing on the wild trees. I am not describing a ftate of famine, but an ordinary ''foanSfundoratand that a wish and a hope may arise in the minds of my readers that these appalling facts may be found to be exaggerated. The hope, however, cannot be realised, for the faotfl have been officially admitted. No h.gher authority exists than Dr W. W. Hunter CIE Director-General of Statistics at Calcutta. At page 40 of ^s book entitled "England's Work m India, after speaking of the indigence of^ fonr-Mths of the population, he adds the terrible statement:— "The remaining fifth, or forty millions of people, go tlirouirh life on insufficient food." Finally, <lio Imperial Gazetteer of India, recently published by the Indian Government, on page 168 of vol. iv., practically admits the whole miserable faot just stated, jn the following words :— " A good harvest yields just sufficient food for tlie people, and thousands of lives depend each autumn a on a few inches, more or less, of rainfall. The Government may, by great efforts, feed the starving in time of actual famine ; but it tannot stop the yearly work of disease and death among a, steadily underfed 1'his "6teadily underfed people," in its " progress towards disease and death," has now nothing to hope for from the higher classes on whom, iu former times, they were wont to lean in times of difficulty. We have blotted out these higher classes. The leisure class has disappeared, and in India we are now face to faoe with what has been oalled " the awful spectacle of a continent inhabited only by officials and peasants." The landowner has sunk to a tenant; the tenant has sunk to a day labourer. Where are the anoient nobles and gentry to whom the people used to look as their natural supporters? The answer is furnished by Sir John Kaye, who tell us that, aB a result of British rule, " The proprietors of vast tracts of oountry, as far as the eye could reaoh, have shrivelled into tenants of mud huts and possessors of Where are the princely families that once ruled in India? Mr. John Bright has answered from his place in Parliament:— •'They are now either homeless wanderers or pensioners on the bounty of the stranger by whom their fortunes have been overthrown." Shall we eall up one of these spectres of the past, and present him as he appears in the India of to-day ? Sir Charles Trevelyan has already brought him before us in the following affecting passage :— " The ruined noble considers himself fortunate when his native banker, more out of respect to the hereditary claims of family than from any expectation of repayment, doles out to him the means of appearing onee a year in a kinkaub coat before the British Collector (to prove himself alive, in order to draw some wretched pittance), like a lifafa, or empty envelope, or like a shade unwillingly evoked. I have seen these apparitions of the prosperity of former days stand trembling before that all-powerful magician the Collector, and have fancied I heard them say, like the ghost of Samuel to Saul, ' Why has thou disquieted me to bring me up ?'" In conclusion I would ask, oan anyone help feeling intense sympathy with the people of India—a sixth part of the human race—mute and helpless under such frightful sufferings ? Our countrymen are ruthlessly maintaining a system of organised extortion, piercing even to the dividing asunder of soul and spirit, and they justify their conduct to themselves and to the British nation by the eomfortable assuranoe that all the while they are somehow or other conferring inestimable blessingB. It is true they give to India the blessing of peaoe, bnt it is as gold bonght too dear. They have conferred on it a few of the advantages of Westers civilisation, but the price paid for them has been depletion, beggary, and starvation. The only hope for India is that the British nation may awake to a knowledge of the imminent danger which now overhangs their Eastern Empire, and may take means to avert it. Should they delay long, it will be too late. He that hath two ooats may be induoed to give you one, but you cannot take a ooat from nil that has none. Misery and want will drive to violenoe. The time is fast approaohing when, in their extremity, the great reformer, hunger, hunger, will make the people band together with the courage of despair, and a catastrophe may result the like of whioh the world has never seen. There is nothing to be hoped for from the Indian offioial olass. Individual officers of high distinction, capable of rising beyond the region of olass and selfinterest, have always denounoed and now denounce the present system as a disgraoe, -and as an imminent danger; but their voioe is drowned in the swelling ohorua of general •elf-laudation whioh alone reaches the ear of the English people. [THE BHD.] THE Host Bev. Dr. Butler, Bishop of Limerick, has been suffering from a severe attack of erysipelas. Under medical attention the venerable prelate is improving. WELLS' "BOUGH OK CORNS." — Ask for Wells' " Rough on Oorns." Quick relief, complete, permanent core. Corns, warts, bunions. Mows, Moss * 0®, Sydney Gcwual Agaatt. 