THE UDV'S COLUMN. THE BRACELET MEETING AT CADLFTSLD. By Hdmhino Bee. A bright sunny day with a clear frostiness in the air, an exhilarating atmosphere, a day when you did not require wraps while the sun shone bravely, a cessation of notable out door amusements for some time, all tended to make the Caulfield meeting a great success.' The stand during the second race was filled, while many ladies stood on the lawn in front, and the lawn during intervals was well covered with promenaaers. A large number of fashionable people were present, and the slight changes in out-door fashions since the commencement of the winter season were very marked. Velvet was the principal material for rich toilettes, either singly or in combination with cloth or satin. Those who left their sealskins in their carriages generally wore the redingdte body, this severely 6imple style of dress, being an appropriate fashion for rich materials, besides suiting the general wearer in a delightfully charming way. It is so pleasant to turn from bunched draperies, full paniers, puff and padding, to the graceful lines and simple cut of the redingdte dress. For wraps the long, closely-fitting paletOt or jacket was the favourite wear either in seal cloth or fancy cloths bordered with fur or chenille pompon fringe. A well-known lady, at present acting in Melbourne, wore a matelass6 cloth mantle descending almost to her feet, and trimmed all around and up the front round neck and sleeves with a long fringe-like fur, which had a very pretty effect. The new colour, crushed strawberry, in its many varied tints, from the pale delicate shade of the half-ripe fruit to the full rich tint of pinky red we are all familiar with, was very generally adopted in two ways, and only in two. I did not see a dress, a ribbon, or a piece of lace this colour, but I saw dozens of crushed strawberry bonnets and hundreds of crushed strawberry gloves. Very many ladies present wore gloves of this particular tint, tan and other colours hardly being seen. They are not pretty coloured gloves, they draw too much attention to the hands. The necessity for being bien gaetin will have to be insisted on, for it is impossible, wearing shrimpy, pink gloves, to conceal little Haws, small faults, and so forth, like you can when your gloves match your costume. If you are a harmony in brown or a symphony in green, no one immediately notices your gloves; they are part of your toilette, and do not force themselves on the attention of the observer, they may be new and glossy, they may be old and dim, but like the dead leaf on the decayed tree, they are all the one colour, and so pass unnoticed and unknown. But with your brown dress, don a pair of crushed-strawberry gloves, and the dullest passer- by knows you are wearing something unusual, something remarkable. But still, if they relieve us from undressed tan kid gloves we shall feel their mission is performed, if they free usfrom the dirty shabby appearance we have presented the last year or eighteen months, if they lighten the bill for gloves, which to most women has been rather alarm ing while " tan " has been the colour, we can forgive the crudeness of their tint, the violent raspingredness of their hue. Singularly enough, what is so objectionable in gloves becomes rather pleasing in milli nery, and in the strawberry bonnets worn on Saturday, with dark-ruby or gr^nit-coloured dresses, there was much to admire. Two ladies^ evidently sisters, .attracted much attention by their charming toilettes of blade silk byocbe and satin, with strawberry straw bonnets, Princess in shape, with coronet fronts and stringB of ruby-coloured velvet Black costumes were in the ascendancy. It is a long time since I saw so many rich black toilettes at a public gathering, and the eyes were quite refreshed by the return to popular favour of this generally becoming colour, which make good complexions brilliant, and muddy-coloured people passable. Why do people look better in summer than winter! It ougntto be viceverta, for ina warm country we all look healthier during the cold months, but in some way, ladies are not singled outip the same way at winter gatherings as brilliant successes, as so many are at summer meetings. Whether it is the sombre colours or the blue pinched noses, the heavy jackets, or the dull weather, a pretty woman shines more at Flemington in November than she does at Caulfield in July. Among those present was the lucky lady who won the ladies' trophy, adiamond bangle bracelet set with five' superb diamonds, which made us envious in no small degree of the fortunate recipient, who received horn the hands of our Governor the prize of the meeting. I pitied sincerely the lady who won the third prize; her nominated horse, Trans ferred, lea from the beginning, and 1 saw her eyes brighten and her cheek nosh : she was sanguine as all true women ate. and in imagination she saw the bangle in her jewel case, bnt alas for the lady, just as they entered the straight and were nesting home Ghost shot out in a most ghostly manner, leaving Transferred and Liddington behind to gain third and second places respectively. Of coming fashions there were a few ex nipples. Three ladies had the new Paisley trimming in the form of draperies on their dresses, not in the colours that we shall associate with this pattern- in the spring, bnt the pine pattern was decided enough ; and in bonnets there were a few of the new "-oke" variety, which. it 1b add, will quite j»e the Princess" of, the last, two seasons I doubt very .much the truth of this prophecy. "Pokebonnets are not gene rally pfecoming ; they must have young fresh; faces-beneath the high-pointed brim, which gives a hard look to any hut. the young and - pretty, and after the* neatness, the Sneral heoomingness of the cloee-ntting ape we have au adopted, the wrench will be too Sudden. We cannot jump from a species of skull cap to a large audacious >oke, rejoning In the name of Boof." ' 