OUR NEW ZEALAND LETTER. [From our own Correspondent.] Timaru, June 26. 1853. The opening of Parliament took place on June 14, a fortnight later than it should have been, owing to alterations aud additions to the Government buildings not being com pleted in time. In past sessions members complained bitterly of the bad accommoda tion, the draughts, the bad air, and conse quent danger to their health aud invaluable lives. Now the alterations have been made at great expense, they grumble more than ever, particularly members of the Opposition, who it is to be presumed arc either more delicate or place a greater value upon their lives than supporters of the Government Perhaps the consciousness of being on the side with which the power lies enables the latter to support these hardships with a more Spartan-like for titude. The Governor's speech, delivered to a very thin attendance of members, was chiefly notable for its length, and the exuberant hopefulness of its tone. Mr. Montgomery, whose speeches are usually in the heavy didactic style, not inaptly described it as containing more words and Ipss matter than anv anvarnnT'* speech he had ever heard. This approaches so nearly to the humorous as to make one in clined to doubt whether the remark could have been original on the part of the solemn and respected leader of the Opposition. His Excellency expressed gratification at the manner in which he had been received in all parts of the colony, and said hot? greatly he had been impressed by the evident prosperity of the country and its vast resources. Then he expressed approval of the proposed an nexation of the New Hebrides aud other Pacific islands, after which the native question came j under review. Im migration, surveys, the postal service, the goldfields, the revenue, and the proposed alteration in the constitution of the Legis lative Council, were all touched upon. The last item wbb not a palatable one to the honorable Legislative Councillors, judging from subsequent expressions of opinion by that exalted body. At present they arc nominated for life, barring reform, with a salary of £200 per annum, It may there fore be easily understood why any gentle man holding his seat on these terms should object to the Chamber being made elective. Under an elective' system, probably not one fourth of those who are now Legislative Coun cillor would have the ghost of- a chance of being returned. One hon. member, a retired Indian officer, expressed hi3 determination of opposing any alteration so long as he had a breath in his body. One other point was touched upon in the Governor's speech. Tae Government have been so pestered with appli cations to take part iu exhibitions in virijus parts of the world that they have demised a plan for getting rid of the .exhibition nuisance once for all. They propose with the co-operation of 'other colonies to form a permanent establishment in Loudon to which Australasian products may be sent, and where anybody who -feels interested in tho matter may go and see them. The idea does not strike one as being particularly brilliant, and if ever carried out, which is scarcely pro bable, the result would be a fusty and ua frequented museum of colonial products of no absorbing interest to anybody, and would not lead to any abatement of .the prevailing ex hibition plague. Sir G. Grey, who treats the Government and the nominal leader of the Opposition with about an equal degree of contempt, has given notice of several Bilk which he intends to bring in of a highly progressive and reform ing character. These Bills are to provide for the imposition of a special land tax ; to facili tate the annexation of Pacific Islands; to abolish the Legislative Council, the Govern ment to consist only of the Governor and the House of Representatives; to substitute affinnationinlieuof oath; toenablethe people of New Zealand to make changes in their con stitution; and to further secure the rights and privileges of members of the House of lie presentatirea. No one that I kaow of, save Sir George Grey, has ever considered the rights and privileges of members to be in any particular danger. Mr. Montgomery has given notice of a BUI to repeal the Property Assessment Act and Property Act, so that if both these gentlemen should succeed in carry ing their measures the people of the colony will have no reason to complain of legislative inactivity. Recent events, however, seem to indicate that these ardent reformer* are doomed to the miseries of hope deferred for at least one session more. Last Friday Mr. Montgomery moved a vote of censure on the Government on account of illegal fiaanoial transactions, and upon a division being called the Government scored the sub stantial majority of thirteen votes, thus showiDg their position to be stronger than at ' any time during the last session. The circumstance which brought about this vote of censure were of a some what peculiar nature, aud seemed to have quite overwhelmed Mr. Montgomery with patriotic horror at the enormity of the offence of which ministers had been guilty. He dis claimed all party motives in bringing for ward his motion, and was solely actuated by a zeal for the constitutional rights of Parliament. He seemed. to regard himself almost in the light of another Hampden resisting the payment of ship-money ; but those who are not supporters of Mr. Montgomery nor well-wishers of the Opposition, think that he wished, to snatch an inglorious victory by taking the Govern ment by surprise, and forcing on a division without giving tho Government an oppor tunity to explain the motives of their action. Sir G. Grey has brought in a Bill for relieving charitable bequests of .legacy duty. The aim of the Bill is commendable, as nobody wishes to tax tho poor and needy. Charitable bequests are not very numerous in this colony, but thefcharitable institutions of Auckland came in for an extraordinary windfall a few months ago. A Mr. Costley, who seems to have been a rather ccoentric character, died, and left the bulk of his pro perty to Auckland charities. Tho executors have estimated the total value of the estate at £79,300. The legacy duty on this amounts to about £6,000, so that viewed in the light of this bequest Sir G. Grey's Bill is not without importance. The third of the New Zealand Shipping Company's direct line of steamers, the Ionic, lately arrived after a passage of forty-three days. She takes back 9,000 frozen carcases of mutton. Our frozen meat trade is rapidly developing, but the supply of fab stock far exceeds the present means of freezing and export. The suitability of the climate for the* production of turnips and artificial grasses enables the grazing capacities of the country to be enormously increased. In view of the export trade in meat immense quantities of turnips have been grown during the pant season, and the markets are glutted with fat sheep. Another freezing company is being floated in Qhristchurch, and the oae already in operatien is taking steps to double its plftut. Graziers may therefore hopa tj see the over supply of fat sheep cor. rected . before another autumn comes round. To continue the subject of agriculture, a very wet autumn has been followed by several weeks of exceptionally fine winter weather, but wheat- sowing operations are very back ward all over the country, and there is no doubt that the area of land under wheat this season will fall far short of that of last year. I see by the statistics that New Zealand pro duced over ten million bushels of wheat last year, but unfortunately owing to a very wet harvest in some districts an immense quantity is so damaged as to be quite unfit for export, and neither growers nor merchants know what to do with it. The supply of oats is so great that growers have a difficulty in quitting their stocks at any price. Under these discouraging circumstances it is not surprising that farmers should bs turning their attention more seriously to grazing than they have ever done before; and there is no doubt that the unfortunate experience of the last season in corn-growing will have a material tendency to improve the charaster of our agriculture. 