RING TIlE IBELLS OF HIEA VEN. BY DONALD C(AMERON. Ring the bells of Heaven; there is joy to-day For a soul returning from the wild: See thie Father meets him out upon the way, Welcomlng his weary child I Glory I glory I how the angels sing I Glory I glory Ihow the loud harps ring I 'Tis the ransomed army like a mighty sea, Pealing forth the anthem of thie free ! The psychological history of Archie M'Dougall has always appeared to me intensely interesting, for it must have beeoon that of many a settler in Australia-the working of now conditions and a now code of morals upon the soul of a man brought uo in the narrowest of Puritan faiths, that of the F1roe Church of Scotland, with its terrible creed of future punishmont, derived in my opinion from the dark and dreadful religions of Scandinavia, whose gloomy forests and sterile wastes impart to those who live in them their own stern and terrible character. To man so educated life has terrors that never enter into the souls of people born in the south, where the moral code is more lax, and religion as beneficent as nature, tile offspring of the warmth and the sunshine, glowing witi love and color. That which the southerner wilt com mit without a thought of evil or a dream of retri. bution is, to the man who has beeoon reared in the stern creeds of thie north, a terrible sin to he expiated in a hereafter whihe even the imagination of Italian Danto or Englisli Milton failed to con. coive. To men like Archie M'Dougall the falling away from a state of grace is of all terrors thei greatest, and the idea that the unpardonable sin which shuts them out for ever from Ieaven is one that haunts them like the shadow of death all their lives. Their fightagainst thie new conditions of life, the novel code of morals that exists in Australia; their relapses, their repentance, their agonies would form a theme for the noblest pens, full as it is of that mighty strain of tragedy whichl has had its best expression in the great works of the Grecian traeic poets who wrote of the various awful episodes in the house of Atrews. I have often myself thought of taking up this great sub ject, and endeavoring to analyze the workings of such a spirit, but tile magnitude of tile task has madmeohesitate. The episode in the lf of this rn markable man which this sketch endeavors to pourtray, though it was the turning point in his strange life, cannot do justicotothe subject, forits limits are ,necessarily too circumscribed. Archie Bi[Dougall came out to Australia when quite a lad, but he had become thoroughly im oued with the puritanical religion of his parents and the land in which he was born. Opposed to this religion was the man's whole nature, which was essentially southern. He was excitable, easily led, and fond of every pleasure. He had inherited from his father a temperament and a predisposition that were found to be fatal to his peace. His father had been what lihe afterwards turned out, a wayward soul, at times ultra Purl. tanical, then relapsing into a state of mortal sin; too often a slave of whisky. As it was with his father no with Archio; periods of excess were followed by a rigid walk of life and asject repentt aneo. Year by year his self-controlgrow less, and Iis only escape from the terrors of sober reflection was the whisky bottle. There were times when, with a mighty effort he would cast off the tempter, and thn would foellow months of a life asoete to a ridiculous degree-the sequel to which was a wilder burst of excess than before, until at last the man grow to think that he was lost, that God had forsaken him, that he had committed the un pardonable sin against the Holy Ghost. A state of mind more terrible than this the greatest tragic poet las never conceived. Tragie poets have cone fined themselves to the more passing sorrows of this earth, but what are these to the horrors that are the lot of a man to whom the world to come is not ashadow but a greater reality than this trans itory ezistence. Archie had a vivid imagination, and it was supplemented by his excesses in liquor, until at last he imagined he saw the fiend hlinmself, and was actually on conversational terms with him. Ordinary people, phlegmatic Englishmen and women, disposed of Archie's eccentricities, his habits of talking to himself and combating foes in. visibloto other eyes, but more real to him thlan flesh and blood, by setting him down as "half cracked." This is the way the unimaginative work-n-day people of the world dispose of every. thing and everyone they do not understand, and a very ready method, too. Archic had married shortly after his master's death. His love, like everything elso in connection with him, was wild and fervent. He courted a neighboring farmer's daughter, and while the heat of his passion lasted the invested her with a thousand attrnbutes to which poor Flora Fenton lied not the slightest title. She was simply a quiet kindly little woman, with fair ideas of her duty, and a good knowledge of the work of a farmer's wife, no more. It did not take much time to disenchant Archie. Six months after lhe was married the had discovered his wife to be quite commonplace, and his old temptations recurred and were as irrisistiblo as ever. So, in a moment of bitter repoentance he sold out his old selectione near the town and took up a new one, twenty miles away. Here lhe would be far from temptation, and be able to rear his family according to his ideas. It was a strange and lonely place, yet picturesquo in the greatest degree. A great range of porphyry and granite rose abruptly from a silver strdam fringed with pines (called swamp oaks.) A little gully that took its rise near the summit of the rango between the granite and the porphyry created a lovely valley emhosomed in the hills. It was here lhe placed his homestead. The valley and the frontage to the stream he selected, the moun. tains he took up under pre-emptive leaso. He had thus the command of some six or seven thousand acres, and was able to keep about two thousand sheep, which were amply sufficient to support the family. To a man of quiet tastes, of contented mind, Oban Vale would have been a paradiso- to Archio it became an Inferno. His neghbeor, John Williams, a stolid Englishman, had settled in a similar valley on the other side of the mountain, and holived there an idyllic life, rearing a family of happy children, improving iris holding till it became a model homestead, and himself and his wife becoming the very pictures of healtlh and comfort. John had no imagination and no violent passions; lhe had that singular power of self. government which is so happy a feature of Eng. lish character; le had no very strong perception of metaphlysical sin; and so he lived happy and contented, and died without dread of the hereafter, more from lack of feeling and perception than that his life and walk had hero according to the gospels. Indeed the good man scldom read anything, not even tihe Bible, and lie was mote A ' SMALL COLD HAND WAS LAID ON HIS AND A I"TNANON MUSGWA HkEAD." interested on his deathbed in giving instructions about the mannagment of tile sheep and farm than the concerns of his soul. " I can't see," said John Wilson on his deathbed, "that I've done anything wrong. I've paid my way, done my duty as far as I couldand ifI havo'nt been exactly right always I am sure the Good Shopherd will overlook it." This man was the very anthithesis of Archie, whose mental perceptions were of the keenest, and who lived to a great extent within himself. No man saw his course clearer; no man was less able to follow that course. Archie had three children. His eldest, a son, partook somewhat of his own nature, but hoin. horited suflilent of his mother's calm, practical English mind to counterbalance it But thorowas enough of tile father in hint to make him resent the tyranny of Archie when In his puritanical moods, and his brutality when under the influence of the evil spirit, alcohol. When Archliowasdoing wrong iho became frantic, and because he could not punish himself ihe was brutal and cruel to those he loved best. He knew he was doing wrong, his heart often bled as he did it, and yet lo persevered, as if defying the power which he so dreaded. At fourteen Willie ran away from home, and with him the light died out of Oban Vale. It broke his mother's heart, for motherlike all her love was centred on her only son. From that day the branchbetween herself and her husband was too widoto be bridged. Sihe loved him no longer; his presence was to hera distress; and the woman who had always been so indulgent and good-tempered became fretful and impatient, and often bandied words, contemptuous on her part, with her hus. hband. Ieo soon saw this, and it was another fillip to throw him into the arms of the enemy. People who knew them began to speak of Oban Vale with a shudder, and many predicted the end would be murder and suicide. Arahie had two daughters, Annie and Katie. No two sisters could be more unlike. 4Annio had much of her father's volatility and changeablencee; she was light of mind and gay of manner; thoughtless to a seoriousextent, and very fond of pleasure, though she had few moans to obtain it. Yet, under the circum atances, she could have grown up into a pleasant, light.hearted, companionable wo man. The gloom of her home was fraught to her with woeful consequences. Make home bright and cheerful, parents ; make it a refuge to which son and daughter will look; and your grey hairs will go down to the grave with honour, and without bitter sorrow. But of all the family Katie, the youngest, "Wee Katie," so she was called, was the most remarkable. Years have passed by sinco that strange little face, in whieh shone a pair of deep, mysterious, pathetic, blue eyes, was turned up to mine, but never can I forget its weird influence, the touching pathos of the unfathomable eyes, that told of early care and sorrow. She was very small, a more mite. I first met her on tihe Oban angoe. I was looking for orchids, and other rare plants to be found among the granite boulders of those desolate mountains, and had just spied a monstrosity in the flower world, with livid purple blossoms reseombling the head of a serpent, when a fairy form stepped from behind a root and plucked the treasure. When she saw me, she did not appear a bit afraid; but looked enquiringly at me with those great blue eyes of hers. This in itself was unusual, for bush children develop the instinct of all wild young an ale, to hide when a stranger appears. II have seen them scramble from the lda into the hut, like so many rabbits into a waren, the moment I appeared in sight. But this little woman was quite fearless, and gave me her hand, so small and thin and 'frail, with. out a tremor. She sat with me on a log, and told me in an artless way, a strange mingling of woman andchild,about allhorfaveritonooks in the mountains, the cool caves under the granite where the delicate ferns grow, the southern slopes where the quandongs were to be found, the spots where the. best native cherries abounded, and the little dells, which, at the right season, were scarlet with the wild raspberry. She rattled on and spoke, in her way, learnedly of the spring and sum. mar flowers, and showed a keen knowledge of native fauna and flora. Nor did she forget to tell me, the dear little thing, that her mother had taught her to read, and that she had read the "Pilgrim's Progress" and " Robinson Crusoe," " only," she added," da's not allowed to see Robinson Crusoe,' for he'd burn it. You know," she gossipped on, "da's very kind sometimes, but at other times he's awful-that's when he says the Devil's in him-and he beats us all, and turns us out of the house. We've had to sleep under a rook several times. It's not bad in summer, but oh I in winter, when the cold winds blow up from the creek, and the sleet and the snow falls, or the frost comes, it makes us all cry. Oh I I wish the Devilwas dead, the ugly thing." The cloud soon passed from her face, and she broke out into delightful praise of the happy days that occasionally came, when Archie was in a good humor, when the sun shone, and the birds sang, and the flowers bloomed. "But here, I've been yabbering," she said suddenly - the vulgar phrase seemed so piquant from her little lips-" and I've for. got all about Long Legs and Hoppy." I wondered to whom she referred, but I was not long to remain ignorant, for on her giving two or three whistles-how odd the accomplishment seemed in this spiritual area ture-a tame wallaby popped from behind the rocks, and hopping ups to Katie, laid its pretty head in her lap. Presently a ragged cockatoo waddled round another rock, hop ping occasionally, and keeping a ceaseless chatter of odd phrases, varied by a shriek and an elevation of the crest, when alarmed. In a few minutes cocky was perched on Katie's shoulder, talking to her in a cooing manner, and now and then letting out a " scrawk" and raising its crest when I made a move moent, while Long Legs, as the wallaby was called, browsed peacefully in front of fus. "You know," chatted the little fairy, now evidently serenely happy, "its so nice when father's right and the Devil's away. Have you ever seen the Devil?" I told her I had not, nor desired to. "I wish I could," said the girl; "I'd tell him how happy we'd be if he'd keep away. Would'nt he be happier himself? But it's said in Revelations the archangel is to bind him for a thousand years-I wish that time was come. We're all so miserable when he comes. Long legs can run away but Hoppy and I can't. Poor Hoppy, the last time da was bad he threw her in the fire." "Fire, fire, murderl" shrieked the cooka. too, with a final "scrawk" of terror. "But I forgot to tell you," resumed Katie, "that we've never been real happysinco brother Willie runned away. He couldn't stand father. Only I, know he wasgoing. ButI'll soon see him, sir. He promised to come for me as soon as he'll have made a lot of money, and then he'll take me to Sydney where I'll live like a lady, and be happy always. The Devil does not live there; ho only stops up here in the bush, in the wild places." Poor child I The Devil lives in the large cities, only people are too familiar and friendly with him there to take notice. "But Willie won't forget me," resumed Katie. "He promised to send me a music box with the first money he. earns, one like what Bessio Williams has--you've just' to wind it up and it'll play and play so nice. I'll bring it up here and sit in my cave and Long Legs and Hoppy and I will dance and sing to it; and Oh I wo will be happy." Ever sineo that meeting I was deeply in. terested in this sweetest of all children. Archie loved her passionately, but, when the evil spirit was upon him, it was the child he loved that suffered most. Strange anomaly; yet, every man of experience must confess its truth. Poor child, the dark days of her life were closing round her. Archie's mind was really being unhinged from drinking so much, and brooding upon imaginary wrongs. He blamed everyone but himself, though in truth, he vainly attempted to conceal it, it was his rage with himself that exasperated him. Poor Katie's music box proved to be the cause of terrible events. It arrived when Archie was in town, and great was the de. light of the little family, who were always happy when he was away-this he knew, and it roused him to madness. It was a lovely summer night, the moon was at the full, and flooded the beautiful valley with silver light and pleasant shadow; the wind sang through the swamp oaks that fringed the pellucid stream, a strain, sad, yet sweet. The little family were gathered in the verandah, look. og out into 'the garden, which was the pride of poor Flora, and listening to the sweet tinkle of the fairy muselo, over which Annie went into raptures, while Katie said nothin, i. but thought, and thought-oh, such delight. t fully sad thoughts, To Flora, that music ro. h called the short summer of her youth, the I moonlight evenings when Archie and herself a had wandered ove the old farm. All was gone now I Long Legs junped about, at a lose to understand what it was all about. 3 IIoppy was silent,but, wide awake. ,Vhether ,ie was studying the tunes so as to reproduce s them, or, was attempting to solve the problem 0 of what was inside the box, has never been determined. Poorbird; he neversaw another I sunrise. The peaceful scene was disturbed by a i loud discordant laugh,and the little party be. came dumb when they saw the husband and father in the midst. He had relapsed; the Demon had him in his clutches. There was an insane light in his eyes that terrified his wife and children. Long legs know the sound and leaped over the fence, preferring the risk of being killed by dingoes to remaining there. Hoppy gave a shriek and tumbled from Katio's shoulder on to the floor, to scuttle off to a placeof safoty. The demoniac saw this, heo noticed the horror and alarm on every face, the repulsion on the faces of Annie and his wife, and the passions of hell were let loose in his heart. With a bound he sprang forward, and seizing the poor bird wrung its neck and throw the body into the garden. A feeble kick or two and Hoppy was no more. " You're all happy," roared the man, "when I'm away. You hate me. And I hate you. I'll make you happy." It is not pleasant to describe scenes of injustice or violence, the deeds of a madman, of an unhappy being in the terrible state in which Archie M'Dougall was. Annie, who was,yery cowardly, fled at. the first alarm, and remained all night in a cave on the mountainm. But the "little woman" did not. Though her heart was wrung when her pet was killed she uttered not a sound for fear of aggravating him to do what he would, she know, so ter. ribly repent. Her mother was not so wise. The poor woman's life was so wretched, all the light had now died out of it, that she was perfectly reckless. She opened out upon her husband, and told him what, unhappily, he knew too well. IIcr words, echoes of the accusing spirit within himself, stung him to a stage of madness he had never reached. With a furious blow of his foot he sent the music box purchased with Willio's first savings as a present to his dearly-beloved sister into the garden; but it kept on playing, emblem of patient virtue that returns good for evil. It was playing a tune that was torture to the ears of this apostate, " Ling the bells of Heaven." That was one of Katie's favorite hymns, and Willie had purchased the box because it performed that air. The maddened man seized an axe, and was about to split the box into pieces, when Flora seized his arm. The moonlight faded into the steel gray of dawn, which in its turn yielded to the flood of gold of the sunrise. The golden light shone into Archio's house that morning upon a scene terribly difTerent to that his declining rays had lighted. Then they irradiated the happy faces of a little group intently listen ing to the musical box, every face full of quiet happiness, the scene peacefully sylvan. Now the sun lit up the little sitting room and a dying woman, beside whom knelt a child young in years but old in sorrow. In another room the sunbeams fell upon a man in the lethargic sleep of extreme drunkenness -a mere lump of animated clay--without sense or feeling. In the garden the light fell upon the corpse of tile little bird, the music box close beside it. Ali me I how many such a scene the lnn has shone upon in this our young country, where everyone should be so happy. Annie returned later in the day, and the two girls tenderly nursed the dying mother. Annie was for saddling the horse and going at once to the town for help, but Flora M'Dougall would not hear of it. She knew she was dying, and that if a doctor came Archie would be in danger of the law; and so with that strange perversity of woman that is so heroic and yet so incomprehen sible, she resolved to die in silence to secure his safety. She would not have her children carry a dreadful stain with them into life. What her thoughts were as she lay in that bare room, dying, no one can tell; they were bitter enough assuredly. In the afternoon a wild haggard face, looked in for a moment, and the girls shuddered. Then it vanished and Archie fled to the darkest glens of the mountains, there to expiate his sin with agonies that no pen can describe, to plead hopelessly with a God, whose face was veiled from him-as he thought for ever and ever-and to combat a Fiend, present with him, as he thought, in all the terrors of his ghostly form. Archie returned next day, a wan, wasted, ghastly figure, that would have almost an swered his own ideas of the Evil Spirit which tormented him. Ite looked through the window to the room. There was the corpse of his wife, lying on the sofa, stiff and stark, but witll a strangely placid face, a face tie expression of which was relief and resignation. Annie was sobbing in a corner. Katie had drawn a little table near the corpse and upon this she had placed the musical box, which was now playing. The little girl was on her knees singing; he could see the tears glisten ing in her eyes, and she sang with a voice broken with sobs. And this is what she sang: Home at last on heavenly molntains, Heard the " Come and enter in; " Saved by life's fair flowing folntains, Saved from earthly taint and siln. Homo sweet home, ullnr home for ever, Weary pilgrimages past, Welcomed home to wander never, Saved through Jesus--llome at last I Annie tried to follow her sister; but when the chorus came her voice failed. On the contrary Katie's voice became stronger, and there was a tone of hope and trust in it,Eas she sang Home sweet homer, olr home for ever, Weary pilgrimages past, Welcome home to wander never, Savead through Jesus-" Home at last I " The clear bird like voice of the child was raised as in a cry of triumph when she sang the last three words. Ifcll surely could have no torment equal to whlat thile man felt as he heard and saw all this. Ie hlad heard his children sing that hymn in happier hours; he could not stand it any longer. He rushed into the room wildly and, seining a ease of razors from the mantle, took out one and stood over the dead body. "See what you have done, ha, hn," he said, addressing that Familiar who was ever present to his eyes. "Oh you've come, have you? Hal Hal You've come to see your work, have you, Well, it will be the last time. She has gone where yon nor I can ever come. I will go withyou. Ihavodonoenough. Yourhell oannot be worse than this." And with a frantic movement lhe grasped the razor. Another moment and he would have drawn it across hlis thlroat, but that a small cold hand was laid on his and a strange musio was heard-The air had changed. "Father," said wrc? Katie, "father, stop, stop; hear what the little box says :- its a voice from heaven I" He lietened, his face changed, tilhe razor fell from his hands, the Demon vanished, and the man sank upon the ground, sobbing pitifully. And what did the box play? And woo Katie, standing between her father and the dead body of her mother, followed tilhe notes with her clear bird.voice, which hIar. monised so well with the harp like music of the instrument and sang the hymn the erring man had himself, when the good spirit had possession, taught her: Ring tile beolls of Heaven I There is joy to-day, For a soul returnlig from the wild; See I tile Fatlher meets him oi t upon the way, Welcomlg hllis weary waldcrinog childl. Glory I glory I how the angels silgl Glory I glory I how tie loud hirps ring I T'is tho ransomed army like a milghty sea, Pealing forth thie anthem, of tile lrye I In thlat hour perhaps thile wrelched man had a glimpse, transitory it is true, of tilhe brighter side of religion, of that portion which has nothing to do with the stern flth of the North, born 1 tbhe region of the dismal pine and the everlasting snow. But he had yet to go through the fire, there was to be another sacrifice before the sun rose upon his soul, before Balder the Beautiful banished the infernal Deities of the North. Flora was buried in a little nook between two granite boulders on a small hill that looked down upon the homestead. Archioe, now deeply penitent, suffering as few man suffer, fenced in the plot of ground; it was the cemetery of his family. In his spare time lie worked upon a flag of granite, which was teo net as headstone. Weo Katie was ever at her smother's grave. She dug up the ground herself-it was loose as granite soils always are-and planted every flower that grew in the little garden. Common fowers enough they were, but consecrated by the love and devotion of the dearest of daughters. With her own hands she dug up a young cherry tree, loveliest of the Australian pine-foliaged trees, and transplanted it, placing it at the foot of her mother's grave. And strange to say-for the cherry tree seldom strikes when removed-the plant grow, and is now a handsomopineashaped tree, in whose leaves the red berries gleam in the season, and the little birds chirp. It waves over not only Flora, -but-of that hereafter. And under her hands that spot become a bower of beauty, blooming with flowers at all times, and, what was greater, consecrated by the behest of love. It was some time after this sad oceurence that I paid another visit to Oban Range. At the same place where Ilhad soon wee Katie previously, I came across her. She was sit. ting on a mossgrown rock, looking at a small silver rill of water that came out of a fern covered gully, and fell over a gray granite odge, Orchids and ferns beautified the moss carpeted bank. By her side was the musical box, tinkling out its melodies, to which now and then the girl sang. At my approach IIoppy, who had returned home a few days after the tragedy, ran to its mistress' side. She looked up to me as fearlessly and frankly as ever, and now entered into a chat. " Poor mother was always weak," she said, a deep shadow corning upon her face, and she died a little while back. Oh, sir, she's got such a pretty grave, and the little cherry tree I planted is growing so well. Theysay cherry trees won't transplant, but mother was so good it couldn't but grow, and Willie did not for get me, sir,-this is i what lie promised." "Are you happy now?" I asked; " is your father good?" She did not reply for a minute or two. I saw the shadow deeper on her face. "We are a little happy," she replied at last with a sigh. " Father is very strict. He prays day and night, and hardly cates any. thing. lie is afraid of God. Iam not afraid of God. Do you think it is right to be ?" " If we do wrong," I replied; but if we repent we are taught le will forgive, and then we should be happy." "But lihe never is," said woo Katie, " And, oh, sir, lie has repented, but lie seems to see no pardon or help. I can't make it out. I can see nothing in the world but light and love, except wlen Satan is about. It's him that brings the rain, andi the clouds, and the cold winds, and the frost and the snow. Oh, I wish there was no Satan. Why was he created ?" Wiser men than I have been unable to answer that question. But 1 explained to Katie that the phenomena shie pointed out as the wrong of the Power of Evil proceeded fromn a beonficent God and were necessary to the maintenance of the beauty of the world. Her face brightened "I believe you," she said, "and now I think if clouds, and rain, and thunder, and snow, and frost, are needed to malke the world beautillul, perhaps sorrow and pain, and and even sin, are needed to make us good. Oh, God is wise, and we musn't repine. Only, I wish Ite could see another way." Oh, how many a human heart has echoed that wish since the world began, since men became as gods, anid know good and evil I There was a singular depth of thought in this girl that surprised me. Continually by herself, without playmates of her own age, called upon to assume responsibilities before her time, she was a strange contrast to other children. What was most striking was the great depth of her religious feelings; and their peculiar characteristics. lHer father saw nothing in religion except fear and trembling, and threatenings of -,. idtnument to comre. She perceived fiothing but a God, who was her Father-better than her earthly parent indeed-and a Saviour who was a loving Elder Brother, and who had died for her to prove his love. Sin and its shadows she know not. I know there are those wireho will scoff at the religion of one so young; who will say that it would vanish when she grow up, and had to fight the hard and cruel world. 'erhalps so I But that does not alter the deep love and respect I entertained for the artless child. God in his wisdom ordained so fair a flower was not to be gathered by rough huiman hands. She could no more be trans. planuted into the garden of this world than can the small wlhite flowers, that grow on Alpine heights, be reared in the trim pastures of the lowlands, where the moist, hot, corrupt air strangles them. I left liher, singing to the air " Ring the bells of Heaven," of which she seemed very fond, perhaps because it had arrested her father's suicidal hand, and she augured from its words that one day God would be reconciled with him, and he would join the ransomed. I never saw her again, and the picture I looked upon before I turned round tihe rock that hid her from my view, will never leave my sumemory until I amn dust and ashes. Tie beautiful child sitting on the gray lichen covered rock, the Ilower starred moss carpet on which hier feet rested, the tiny silver waterfall, supplying a light base to the treble of the girl and the instrument, the blue sky overhead, flocked with flecoy clouds, the kangaroo with its gentle eyes looking up into its mistress's face, the hoary granite rook all combined to form a picture such as could only have been witnessed in Australia, and then but rarely indeed. Not long after this the clouds gathered round Oban, never to be lifted in this world. For months after his wife's death Archie lived the life of a recluse, practising every mode of self.l-punishment. The sternest ascetic would have envied him. IIo worked hard, he prayed for forgiveness day and night, he intlictedl upon himself overy penance he could think. After all there is little differ ence between thie churches. The grim and austere P'uritan is closely relate to the flagellant and the penitent of the Church of Iotesc. But do what he could the cloud never lifted; IHeaven never opened to his eyes; it was all darkness. The fact is the man outraged his own nature; he went about his work the wrong way. The result was that a terrible despair took possession of him -that despair Bunyan has so graphiloally described in his narrative of the lMan in the Iron Cage-and the gloom of hIis mind deepened until the day could not be distant when hie would take his own life, or once more resort to the treacherous fiend that buoys us up for a moment to cast us lower the next-the bottle. InArehio's case intoexi. oating liquor was not taken because lie loved it, but that it became a necossity-anything, anything to get rid of thle hideous ldespair nature and his ideas of religion and life had created. The cause-another offspring of Illis mise. guided effllorts at religion-was not long want. ing. Aracia and hIis daughter Annie had never been able, as the colonial phrase goes, to " hit it." Their natures were too much unlike for that. She was just what he him. self had been at her ago. He would have no laughter, no music, no company. With him it must always be groaning and prayers and sad looks. Now Annie wanted exactly the reverse. Therefore, to escape tile intolerable gloom of hier home, els proposed when the old man who shepherded for them left, to look after thle sheep herself, and Arcolhie agreed. Now John Wilson's eldest son shepherded Iis father's Iloek, and of course the two mot, and a new world opened for tie flighty hair. brained girl. Love was born into her world, and in all tise thrilling fever of its delights she forgot the shadows of her home, where indeed she was only at night, and to escape its glaoom shs always retired early, on th plea of being tired. The romance of that love belongs not to this story. It's end may well be imagined. What must happen when a boy and girl at the most impressionable period of their lives are in company day after day without a soul to guide or warn them ? There could be but one result, and it came. Flora had died in August, when spring was fluttering its feeble wings, and the wattles made tlie hillsides golden with its glory. The year wore on and Christmas came round. Shearing had taken place, and for a week three rough men had stopped at Oban Vale to help Archie to clip the sheep. They had flirted in their way with Annie, wondered at the old housewife, Wee Katie, and her strange father. One of them, when spreeing at the Shearer's Arms down the river, said, " That Annie M'Dougall's a pretty girl and up to lots of fun, but no one can make out little Katie. When she wasn't at housework she'd take that musical box of hers up to her mother's grave and sing to it, just as if the dead woman could hear. As for Archie M'Dougall, there's no doubt lio's cracked. But it all comes of religion; thank goodness. I never was that way myself." Shearing over, the old life went on. Annie shepherded the flock, Archie worked like a demon, trying to get rid of the despair that was killing him, but talking as over to the Unseen Companion that seemed to be continually urging him to do something terrible; and Katie did the housework. And a notable little housewife she was, though she had little to work upon. Archio was as parsimonious in his fits of re ligion as he was prodigal when the Companion claimed him. This made his religion as dis. tasteful to Annie as his gloom." Well, Christmas came. The previous orie had not been very bright; but then the mother had been with them, and the father had been in the good- natured stage, which culminated at Now Year in tlhe appearance of the Com panion. But this Chlristiias Katie thought she would try to brighten up thie place, and see if slie could not wean lier father to look upon the world as sihe did, to think of God as sihe thought-what better season ? So she cleaned the little house until everything shone again, and sie brought down from the granite gorges on Christmas eve afternoon, the most green and graceful of the ferns, the prettiest flowers. She went up to the ranges and obtained a branch of the cherry tree through whose orange green foliage the dark, red berries showed temptingly, and these she hung up in the corners, and at the door. In. deed it was so pretty a place when she had finished, that one could hardly recognise it. She spread the table daintily, and had quite a lot of delicaoies, among which was a quan. dong pie, a luxury that no epicure will despise. And so she waited for her sister and father. Annie was shelphording, and Archie had gone to the neighboring township to buy some things. The little girl was not without sinkings of the heart as she sat in the verandah waiting. lHer father had seemed unusnally stern when he went away that morning, and she had noticed that for weeks Annie had been despondent. Willie, too, had never written as ih promised. And Katie herself had, since tle winter, been weak and ailing. But the brave little girl never lost heart. She believed firmly in her older brother, and that all would be well yet. Annie was the first to come home. Katie helped her to yard the flock, but could get no words front her sister, who was still nioping and despondent. The two girls sat on the verandah, Annie with her face in her handls, and swaying to and fro. The sun ost behind the range in all thie glory of the primary colors and their combinations, from gold to crimson, from crimson to purple, and then to all the shades of blue that ended in the cold gray of twilight, relieved only by what Katie called the lamps of Heaven, the silvery stars. What a type a sunset is of our career of the various episodes of human life I First comes the gold of promise, of hope, then the red and purple of fulfilment, dying, aven dying, into the cold grays, lifeless, and color. less. Surely in the Land to which we has:en, thie gold, and the crimson, and the purple, never fade I : lut, if the sun had vanished, leavingbehindr him only the drabs and tie grays, soon'there appeared a greater and sweeter, glow in the -i east, and the moon, the eternal .Queen"r bof Night, glided over the Pinnacle it ountalni, and filled the world with light and shadow. Year by year she rises the same, but she has never lost her charms, for poets have sung as fervidly about her in this century as did Sappho in Lesbos. To Katie, the moon's rising was an ever living deliglt. It was to her litk the gentle life following tle career of glare and greatness in the world of which sl e had read, but know nothing. The Land of Hculah surely was lit by the rays of thi moon. So when the gracious luminary app3ared, shamiing the " dip" that sputtered in 'the " parlor." Katie brought out lier little music. box, and set it playing in the hope it would arouse Annie. It did. The wretched girl burst into a flood of bitter tears. Her dream was over; sihe had tasted the sweets, and was now to gnaw the bitter I The gallop of a horse sounded in their cars. Theirhearts sank; they know well therm fathor had gone wrong. When sober hie never galloped, Annie clasped Katio hysterically. " Save me, Katie," sihe cried; " he will kill en. Save me, little sister I Save me I " And site clung to Katie as if the pour frail hing lad power over that dark masterful nan. Strangeit was that everyone believed in Katie. Archic dismounted, and flung the reins upon his horse. But ih did not at once come n. IIe took off the saddlebags, th chink of which told the girls their worst enemy had Como. Katie caught a glimpse of her dread father's ace in tlhe moonlight. "Fly, Annie, fly," she whispered; Go to he old;cave. I'll run up and see you to. night." Annie, like all weak natures, always trusted o a stronger. With a bound she was out of he garden, while Archie was taking the saddle off, and flying for dear life up to the ango. Not an instant to soon. The next moment Archie's heavy treadi was on tlhe .oranalh. "Where is that wrlOli h?" its asked the rambling Katio. " Annie," replied Katio, camo home, but sihe an away when site saw you coming. She eamcd in great trouble." " She has saved meo a crime" said Archie, .peaking not to Katie, but to that Companion vho seemed to be ever near lim. " You are lisappointcd this time, hl 7 lHa I ha I But lon't fear, it'll come, it'll come. I know yor onlv want the soul, and it'll soon be don / iaI ha I" / And with a laugh that froze Katie's blol, h took the saddl bags inside and tw/ hem on the table, disarranging its neas play, and breaking some of the Janty erookery. Then lie took out a blackJottlo, and, sitting down, began a solitaryrou.' T3he liitle girl sat in toe deep shad o in" the vorandah. She had moved out ct.'t"light, or she had no more right there. seehlingin he corner she poured out prayir tter prayer o the Father and Brother to .e to that niserable home in her dire ne, Th110 musi ial box had run down, and theroas no sound ixcept the chuckling and laIttecr and mad alk talk of Archie, the clink , of his glass, tho hoot of the mopokeo, the ail of thie cur ew, and the distant yelp the dingo. So bcgan that dismal nightlhi forerunner of nany more. Thi girl I last stole out into he moonlight and wIed to her mother's :ravo, whore se obb and wept herself to ileop. DBui Archie to no notice, lie con oersed with that awlu ompanion, who was to tim more real tian /h beings of this world. Such was wee Kati Clhristmas Kvo I The history of i/ few next days may be passed over, for /h reader will not care to tear thn detail/; tlhey are beat left un. old. Wo muespass on to thie tinal cate roplis, not, IWever, without some explan ation of thi/ auses that led up to these events. / Arhio le l gone to the little townuship down thle river, tld there hald umet John Wilson. WVo have iven our idea of this man's char. eoter berI. He was not a bad man, but .entlsy lftlsh,. Arehle andhe had hadily 