ACADEMY OF MUSIC. o Hamlet" tm jir^ductxt st th@ Academy of Masic last ui^bt, Mr \V. J. HOIIOWE? appear, in* as the Prince of Demn'trk, and tbe r«< m&ioder; of die cast being as follows Laerte*, Mr P. C. AppUton; Polojras, Mr Oily Deering; Ghost vt H&mtefr; father, Mr H. K. Jewett; Cteuikns, Kins of Denmark. Mr H, A. Douglas; Horatio. Mr Neil O'&rien; Eosencnntz, Mr J. W. Tyrrell; OnUdenstern, Mr J. Patterson; MaiceUos, UrB.B. Neviile; Bernards, Mr B>rtlett; Fsaccbc^, Mr Alfred Bolfe; First Oravedi^ger. Mr Deering; Second Oravedigser, Mr Pattersoa; First Actor, Mr F. C Apple ton; Second Actor, Mr Mftrsball; Pago. Miss Ada. la-croncs; Priest. Mr Lorry; 0«ric, Miss Faosy Buffers; Ophe':ia, Miss Ewie Jeoycs; Qaeeo Gertmle, Mias Carrie Actresj, Mis. ZWdy Edwscds; piges, Blisses Lawr wi l Clayton; bdies in waiting, Miases Herbeite and fiul All wbofcnawMrHoUowayfehirtrozric&ljilities; wtostosd thit his portrayal of tbe character of Hamlet, as far as failphysical unttiness for tbe part would permit, wonld be an odnumHe one. Nttaxdll, Mr Ro loway Is cist for heroic cbtneten, and it is in this pvtieol&r; that the qaalif^ rein ark in the prtsrions senieaee £p*-lles. It was more than mertilf pimirable^ th^ actor ilircsl!ng fcimselfcf himself— if we may be allowed liut term—In ui nnasaal dfljwa, sad eatmng ia*o a reprnieatatloa of tbe {Aauioofl and feellogd of Saxolet with a knowledge of KtadiScalttA^ati a^proeiAtioa of its possible iurrefal- Besfl, end & determiaitian to exxxL His oonception tbe pirt was a very creditable, his pmoim-. Blue &a; ezcaediagly able one. He was, however, seen to the best advantage Id Ute earlier portions of the tragedy, the seventy of his libors tdliog on lilm towards the (dose of tbe performance. That he has not yet xecovered from tbe throat affection that he has suffered from for Rome little time acccants for this defect bat had the lftst acta equalled the fint thrte in furccfolness j MJHsBgwsy's H*.ldet wosld haveb®tnamemor- S^j PARFWIBSBSE. Ihe RE''ieace RECALLED him and applsndtd hint Icauly at int close ct the Etta, and na ti li Be -CompUiflented npsn the c' sncessa be achieved. Mr App^Iaa'a Laerta was a eommepdtble one. Mr Dserihjfa two perform. anoea-Polonius and tbe First Gnvedixcer-albeit that he took aame alight liberies with tlio text, were exceedingly good. MrO'BrienpUyedHoritio well; anil tbe otter acton In the -tragedy acquitted themselves weU. Hiss Jenyns 0»yed the part of Ophelia fcurpaasingfywell, and richly deserved the hearty applanw which recognised her success. Ths little laoyhas materially Improved since last t season, and judging lrom her appearance last night she bi .Is fair to adSevauktisctaiw In her profession. Hiss Carry George's Queen b so well known and appreciated that comuisnt upon her performance last night is nnnacassary, Miu Bogen deserves compliment for bar Oaric. Hie iahmh betwaea the mots wtra kept jadirioMy short, and as a consequence, tboueh no raitertal semeii. the fxagedy ns ondtted, the gr«*ncarta® leU at AsU-patt-elevea o'clock —unoscally sailrfor a per- Yormance st " Himlet-" Hm tnusic incidenUlta the piece was well played by the orchestra nnder Mr Untnn,»tBl the serfonaonce on the whole was creaitaf itable to " tbe ' " «rtiii» of the support of this public. " be repeated to- night. . • 