i Ctjc Haputrta Jleratti. FRIDAY, AUGUST 10, 1833. GAMBLING- AND MORAL PROGRESS. "When the Totalizator Bepeal Bill was being discussed oil its second reading by the Lower House, it was urged by some members in opposition to the measure that the gambling spirit had rooted itself into the heart of mill -with a firmness that excluded all hope of its ultimate extermination. "We expressed our dissent from this opinion. The progress of civilization must, indeed, be an idle dream if cer tain demoralizing habits are essentials to our social state. Such is not the lesson that nature teaches us. The analogy of her operations in the physi cal world strengthens our belief in the theory of moral development. " It is a trite enough remark," Bays Herbert Spencer, " that change is the law of all things: true equally of a single object, and of the universe. Nature in its infinite complexity is ever grow ing to a new development As we turn over the leaves of the earth's primeval history—as we inter pret the hieroglyphics in which are recorded the events of the unknown past, we find this same ever-beginn ing, never-ceasing change. We see it alike in the organic and the j inorganic — in the decompositions j and recombinations of. matter, and in the constantly-varying forms of animal and vegetable life." ft would indeed be strange, if, " in the midst of this universal mutation, man alone were constant, unchangeable." These variations which have gone on throughout the indefinite past, and of whose persistency we have evidence even within the short span of a single life, have been from lower to higher j types, from states of moral degrada tion towards purer conditions of exis tence. History may be fallacious, and " ever more or less," as Carlyle called it, " the written epitomised synopsis of rumourbut amidst doubtful details we get at outlines that are certain, arid the moral pro gress of the human race is one of those general facts beyond dispute. The late Mr. Bagehot, in his work " Physics and Politics," also speaks of " nature's perpetual tendency to change." Ac cording to him, " great models for good or evil sometimes appear among men, who follow them either to improve ment or degradation." But, on the -whole, "the tendency has been towards a better life. " Unconscious imitation and encouragement of appreciated character, and this equally unconscious shrinking from and persecution of dis liked character, is the main force which moulds and fashions men in society as we now see it." So far from some of the most noxious habits, in which men have from time to time more or less indulged, being necessarily associated with the human organisation, it might be shown that they-have always been the result of peculiar social conditions, and, the tendency towards their exercise having been once established, that they hav6 spread with a rapidity proportioned to the prevalence of facilities for their in dulgence. The passion for drink is still, unhappily, sufficiently powerful to almost make us forgetful of the fact that it is altogether acquired ; but there was a time when drunkenness was a fashionable vice, and one that, had its increase not been stopped by legislative checks, might have com pletely enervated the manhood of the English nation. Not that England occupied any "bad eminence " in that respect : we Bimply limit our retrospect of the past to the case of one country. From the reign of Elizabeth to the close of the seven teenth century hard drinking was very common; and, though an improvement set in for a while with the advent of Anne, the vice was still widespread, especially among the upper classes. The great wits of Queen Anne's reign were notparagons of sobriety. Addi son and Steele, who for purity of style and sentiment occupied a position among the proBe writers of their time similar to that of Shakes peare in the days ^ of Elizabeth, were both, as Cassio says, 4 un fortunate in the infirmity," espe cially Steele. Goldsmith, in his life of Bolingbroke, tells us of some of the drunken freaks of that statesman, scholar, and philosopher. In one of Swift's letters to Gay, the Doctor desires to know how much wine his friend drinks in a day. " When Walpole was a young man, writes Mr Lecky, "his father was accus tomed to pour into his glass a double portion of wine, saying * come Robert, you shall drink twice while 1 drink once, for I will not permit the son in his sober senses to be witness of the intoxication of his father.'" For many years the right to make spirits was granted only to a few, but after the Revolution, when the impor tation of foreign wines was practically put a stop to by legislation, distilling was throwu open to all the people. The habit of excessive gin drinking soon spread amongst the poorer classes. The rate of mortality in consequence showed a most alarming increase. " Re tailers of gin," says the author we have just quoted, " were accustomed to ( hang out painted boards announcing that their customers could be made drunk for a penny, and dead drunk for twopence, and should have straw for nothing; and cellars strewn with straw were accordingly provided, into which those who had become inseusiblo were dragged, and where they re mained till they had sufficiently re covered to renew their orgieB." But the growth of the evil was put a stop to by stringent legislation. Freetrade in liquor was abolished, drink became dear/ and drunkenness began to de crease. The vice in itsintensity was state-made, and the state opened the course of its'decline. The passion for gambling was also very nfe in the last century, so rife, that it must be a matter for wonder to pessimists how it could ever have shrunk to its present comparatively narrow proportions. Such men as Pox and Chesterfield gambled out the watches of the night. Ladies; 1™*! their professors of whist, as they now have of dancing, while the former held in society, a position as respectable as that of some of the literaiy and scien tific chiefs of our own time. The fair sex were not a bit less addicted to the vice than the men. Heavy play went on both in public places and privatecircles, for gambling w^ looked upon as a fashionable diversion. Bat tempora mutantur, et nog mvtamwr in Hits. Law made public- gambling criminal, and, when the vice became in consequence disreputable, it soon found its way out of the- drawing room. With the exception of Monaco, we believe that there is not a abate in Europe where public gambling tables are now an institution. As compared with a hundred years ago, the moral tone of society at present in every respect exhibits a wonderful improve ment. Vices that once seemed part of our nature are gradually disappear ing. Under the influence of effective legislation bookmakers and their class will find their occupations gone. SociAii Ppbitt Sociktx.—Mr. D. Sock, J.P., lias undertaken to arrange- a meeting in Kapnnda, with a view - to forming a local branch of the Social Parity Society. The Woot Season.—The first wool of this season's clip arrived at Morg&non; Wednesday, by the steamer Cato, from the Darling; The Darling is said to be almwt unwmgable at present. ILapunda MiBBLB.—We are glad to note that the City Corporation hare accepted the tender of the Xapunda Marble and Building Company for the supplying and 'laying of 95(> yards of marble flogging, tftfe eoatract price is £950. . PttrvTAix.—Local stock agents inform ns that they hare advices that rain is wanted in the agricultural districts to the north-east of Port Augusta, and alsooa the pastoral country to the nort-west j sheep watering having com menced at some stations. Painful Accident to a Buixock.—On Tuesday evening as a teamster ^was driving a team of eight bollocks *p Beet-street one of the animals fell,, and as. the-; others: were going at a moderately smart: pace, before the team could be stopped, the yoke forcibly dragged both horns off the unfortunate bullock which had fallen down. . Corporation P*oesKMKe&,—Half an> hour sufficed to get thxoogh the Municipal business on Wednesday evening. A short discussion anent the works at the Lower Dam was ini tiated, and the .Mayor read an interesting estimate ,complied by the Town Clerk, of the receipts and expenditure for the remainder of the year. This, with the usual formalladop tion of the various reports, concluded t he business, and tie Council adjourned at a few minutes after eight o'clock. Beble Christian Item.—A correspondent sends us the following; — "There has just passed away, at the ripe age of eighty, Mrs. Elizabeth Menear, of St. Anstell, Cornwall, mother of Mrs. Hancock, of Mildred-street. Mrs. Menear was a member of the Bible Christian Church for sixtyyears, and a local preacher in the St. Anstell circuit for about fifty-five years. Mrs. or " Mother*' Menear, as she was familiarly termed, showed a lively interest in promoting the welfare t)f the church to which she belonged. In her earlier days, in the little village near St. Anstell, her house was open for twenty yean foe the public preaching of the Gospel. Since then she and her hiuband have nobly assisted in erecting successively two chapels in the village. The funeral oortcge was very laige,- including a naxnber of her children, grand-children, and Bible Christian circuit representatives." The Late Mb. Otto SosEi&.r-Our obituary column contains the announcement of the death of oar late townsman^Mr. Otto Sobels. Mr. Sobels had been ailing; &r; some time past, and when it became known- that he had passed to his last account on Monday even ing residents were not altogether taken by surprise, though death was not expected to. occur so suddenly as it did. He was con scious to the end, and lived just long enough, to see his brother, who armed by the last train. Mr. Sobels was Tety reserved in his habits, probably due to the state of his health* and though a resident of ten years standing in Kapuada he took no active part in public matters, but won for himself many friends by his thorough business integrity.. He leaves a widow- and five children. The funeral took place on Wednesday, and was. largely attended, Mr. W. S. Fernie officiating at the grave. Mtttixation op Newspapers.—The fol lowing from the Clare journal is capable of local application, with this difference, however, that in the case, of the Kapunda Institute' the culprits are not satisfied with cutting what they want out of the Herald; - they care fully abstract the whole of the paper, with apparently as many other journals as they happen to require" We have been, shown the Clare Institute copy of laBt Friday's Northern Argus from which a piece of poetry bad been cut by some person who apparently could not raise 2d. to bay a numberfor him self, or who perhaps valued the poem in question st any sum between a halfpenny and three halfpence. There were three ve^pes in it, so it is probable that he valued each at a halfpenny. We feel veiy sad over the matter, because if- we had added another verse we should most likely have now been 2d. richer, as he might have called at our office and pur chased a copy. But, then, he would have been 2d. poorer j and—horrible thought!— might have bankrupted himself or :gone without two-thirds of a glass of Enterprise XTTT for that day. It is a veiy puzzling affair, and we give the riddle up. But we wish to remark and our language is plain (to quote from Bret Harte's "Heathen Chinee" with the ways that were dark and the .tricks that were vain), that if any individual wishes to cut extracts from onr paper, and is yet in such straightened- circumstances that he can not raise the wherewithal to pay for a- copy, we shall be happy to make him,a present of one if he will only leave the Institute copy alone." Me ax Conduct.—We ate sorry to think there are in our midst persons capable of the mean conduct attributed to them by tbe Sec retary of the local Institute. For some time past it has not been uncommon to miss various journals from the reading-room table, but latterly this petty abstraction has become so frequent that formal complaints have at length bad to be made. In the particular case to which our attention has been drawn, one copy of the Register and two copies of the Kapunda Herald of different dates have been ab stracted : in the former fortunately a resi dent happened to have the particular number, and kindly furnished the Committee there with j but in the latter one of tbe editions being sold out it is impossible to replace the copy, and consequently the file for the year is ren dered incomplete. Probably if the culprits were to hare the epithet of thieving applied to their actions they would be astounded, but it is difficult to regard this conduct a8 anything else bnt theft. We trust we have heard the limt of the necessity for these complaints. "Thb Fobbst Floba of South Aus «n»T.Ti "—We have received from Mr. J. E. Brown, F.L.S., Conservator of Forests, the second part of the above work. It is, if pos sible, an improvement on the first volume, 'and from whatever aspect we view it we can only write in terms of unqualified praise of the excellent manner in which it iB got op. _ The typographical part of the work is beautifully executed, whilst the illustrations (which are colored lithographs as tree to nature as it is possible to conceive anything) depict the common bine gum, the large-fruited red flowering gum, the -scrubby blue gum, and the large-flowering scrub gum. As Mr. Brown is thoroiighly conversant with his subject the descriptive reading lends additional value to volume, and the whole forms a work which it Is gratifying to know the colony is able to produce. Tbe manner in which the work is turned out is a thorough credit to the staff employed at the Government Printing Office. Impbovtng the Navigability of thb Lovra Mubrax.—In the Assembly on Wednesday, August 1, Mr. Landseer's motion —" That in the opinion of this House measures should be taken forthwith for improving the navigation of the Lower Murray "—was dis posed of. Almost as soon as the Order of the Iter for the renewed debate upon it was called on, the Chief Secretary intimated that the Engineer-in-Chief had reported that it would be desirable to try the plan suggested by Mi*. Landseer—confining the water where it shallows over broad reaches within narrower bounds by means of sheet-piling—on a small scale, and that the Government were willing to adopt this suggestion and see its effect before consenting to commit the colony to the larger scheme.; Mr. Landseer in due course expressed his gratification at the pros pect at lak of a practical outcome to the re peated efforts of himself and lb. Coles and other members with ngsrd to this matter, and the motion was carried with little further discussion, it being understood that the pro mised experiment shall be made shortly.— Register. Thb Victobiak Pabwambkt and the Ikies IkfobMBBS.—Wednesday's Register, in its intercolonial telegram s, contains the fol lowing :—" In .the Assembly Mr. Patterson complimented the Government on the prompt and effective measures they bad taken to pre vent the of the persons concerned in the Phoenix Park murder, fie was surprised that tbe British Government connived at their coming to Australia. Mr. Service said the captain was first disposed to insist on fulfilling his contract, but as soon as he saw the Go verrment woe resolved that the informers should not land he accommodated himself to tbe circumstances like a sensible man. Mr.. \- Service then' lead letters from Hanlon and Savanagh, saying they were sent by the English detective police, their passages being : taken' for them. On hearing the feeling against them in Melbourne they asked the Government to forward them on to Calcutta or England. The Government decided to send them nowhere but to the place where they came from. He would not assume without farther evidence that the English Government were cognizant of the informers coming to Australia. Hanlon and Xavanagh supported their statements by a statutory declaration that Mr. Mallins, Superintendent of the Dublin Police, had assured them they would have protection from the aathbrities in Mel. bourne, and the Solicitor for the Crown in Ireland had given them a similar assurance. Mr. Service said the colonies would rally round the Imperial Government to discover the per petrators of Phoenix Park murder; but if the Imperial Government asked them to receive men with bloody hands they were expecting too much. On May 23 he directed the Agent* General to protest against the informers being . eent here, and the Agent writing in June said that he was informed by Mr. Herbert, of the Colonail Office, that be was not aware of any intention to do bo, but would inform him if anything transpired subsequently at tbe Home Office. On June 8 he acknowledged having received a communication from the Colonial Office and forwarded it to the Xiord- Lientenant. Tbe Pathan Bailed on June 30. Mr. Service thought the action of "Victoria would do good, aB it would show the Imperial Government that they must exercise more supervision over their subordinates, and that the colonies were no refuge for men of the Pathan stamp. Mr. Orkney regretted that the Government had overriden the law by following the example of lawless Societies in Western America. At this remark there were general expressions of dissent. Mr. Mason asked Mr. Service whether a reward would be given to Detective Mackay. Mr. Service said the question was inoppor tune." Boating- Extbaobdikaby.—An occasional contributor sends the following s—" An event, which is worth chronicling, transpired some fortnight since in one of our little seaports, not many miles away from our own township. Xt is just one of there awkward predicaments that anybody j would feel an aversion to, albeit tiie humor it of interest to tbose who were not actually participators in the enjoyment. It appears that an enterprising and very well-known storekeeper, in spite of dull times, back accounts, and every other discouraging element now so closely allied to storekeeping, has had pluck enough to start a j new branch store in an almost out-of-the-world : spot, which is by no means easy of access, as the sequeljwill show. It was to celebrate the opening of this offshoot that a small party of five of the principal or leading representatives of the township, in which the parent business is successfully carried on, paid a visit officially to give the proper residents and^ probable cue; tomers a good sort of impression as to the manner of their intention to conduct the business of the new store. It was our friend's arrangement to have travelled in a 50— ton boat—water carnage bong tbe only means of transit—but at the last moment disappoint ment awaited them, and, instead of a 50-ton boat, they had to take a boat that' would hardly cany one ton; however, go they must, and go tbey did, for business is business, and must be attended to. Messrs. Trouble, Sore, leaden, Wrangle, and Makehay were the five, lucky voyagers, and, making a start at 6 a.m. in their small sailing craft, intended doing the trip in two hours—it is a fair^ two hours sail from land to land, but in this instance it was two hours sail from land to sand! and eight hours sail from land to land. The little craft went merrily along the water for the first two hours—all was jolly on board, the company was good, and the refreshments of a superior order, for it is only right to say that the above Tmwi«d gentlemen know how to treat their friends, and had a good share of substantial as well as liquid luxuries with them accord* iagly. I might mention that the Mayor, (he chief storekeeper, the doctor, and a good looking young man, who has something to do frith wheat I think, and looks pale accord ingly, were the component parts of this boat crew—all were contented, and as happy as a sea breeze, high spirits, and a good appetite could make them ; bat their happiness was suddenly turned into grim dispair, and their heart almost failed them when they discovered their position. It was now imperative for some one of them to literally "get outside " and push the boat along; to do this required the divestment of a portion of the volun teer's clothing {not his coat). Mr. Wrangle, after many arguments as to his being the strongest subject amongst them was unanimously elected as the most fit and pro per person for a pushing man. He did push, but all the pushing did not seem to give him the roseate hues with which I am sure he would fain be blessed. Finding Mr. W.'s efforts ineffectual, Mr. Sore, storekeeper-in chief of the one-ton boat, next essayed a help ing hand, he also divesting himself of his— no, not his coat—nether garments. Con jointly they moved the boat a little. All this time, we must remember, the delighted resi dents, who were waiting for " company" to arrive, were actually on the land and watch ing the frantic efforts to " roll the old chariot along." The doctor, who was somewhat amused at the fun, for the water was not very deep or the progress would have been much more rapid, was next to buckle to. This was the more necessary, as our old friend Sord could not push another lb. without a smoke. There he stood, a perfect picture for any pho tographer, cutting up some stick tobacco, fill ing his "comforter," and muttering several short prayers because he could not get a match. Mr. Trouble, who is a wee little bit of a wag, suggested that the toilet was scarcely suitable for a match, bat lncifers were to be had in any quantity, only unfortunately they had got wet. Some more prayers, and the united efforts of Wrangle, Sore, and Dr. Laden begin to " move on" our conveyance. It is hard work and slow travelling, for up to this time our Mend Wrangle had had about three hours in the water with no wh&t-do; you-call-'ems on, and the wind as cruelly cold as it could well be. So the united efforts of •11 the five voyagers were ultimately put forth —not one moment too soon, for the wind began to rise, and with it the waves, which make things generally a little crooked. Matters began to wear an aspect quite the reverse of cheering, and my informant (one of the pleasureista) most solemnly declares that be thought it time to ask himself the question—'"Man giveth op the ghbst, and where is he ?' What is his position ?" Giving voice to the thought, be was met by the reply that if he wanted to give up the ghost he had better wait until he got ashore, aud do it ../decently, but for his friends' part their posi tion was one which they intended smartly to remedy. Messrs. Trouble, Sore, laaden, Wrangle, and Makehay therefore united in one long push, strong push, and a push alto gether, and-got ultimately to their desired haven, were received with open, arms, and duly made comfortable. Mr. Sore lost his unmentionables overboard, and had.^. to be .accommodated with ;a long great coat before he could make a decent appearance. After a little* delay dinner was—I beg pardon, the banquet—served, and the elite of two im portant townships discussed pro and con each other's good traits of character, and the general enjoyment seemed "big." The whole affair passed off with ecl&t;, and it was hoped that our voyagers would not have to occupy eight houra instead of two in the process of getting home. A fter our friends the " boatists" left a ball was given, and some fifty coupleB amused themselves on the light fantastic busi ness: to the heavenly-strains of a German con certina until 4 a.m. the following morning. May success attend the store, and the first year's profits disburse not only the ordinary liabilities but the cost of a few extra pairs of—of—of trousers." , 