BOW TBE CZAR IS CROWNED. FALL MALL BUDGET, 6TH AFRIL.l As tho coronation is one of tbo most bril tiant ceremonies in tbo world, the foliotviu' description of it (from a Russian source) may bo read with .interest Tbo great ceremony has always' been performed in thu Cffuirrl, » the Holy Assumption, withifi the walls of Qs, 'Kremlin at Moscow. The great Kremlin is ai - octagon plot of ground o. many acres on ." . high elevation, surrounded by high walls an'- fortifications, aud contains four Crown palaces three cathedrals, the headquarters' of th ' Imperial- Guards, tho Governor's residence, ' university, and a number of monasteries atl« nunneries. Thp appearance of the Kremlin i very striking, as tho walls are white, th, fortifications emerald green, jits entrances rose tinted, and the roofs of the cathedrals gilded' the whole forming a -wonderful "combination . Tho coronation procession begins to form a the cavalry barracks, four miles distant froir the Kreialin. " . Early in tho day appointed for tho ceremony sixty heralds, mounted on creom-colorbd borso' and commanded by a master of ceremonies appear before tho gates of tho barracks and blow a salvo, npon wthfeb' the colonel of th» regiment appears and asks what they, want ,oj him. " The Czar fo mm an da thee follow me,"' 1b the answer, and the gates are thrown open and the regiment, which has heOn expecting the summons, gallops out and .follows th' heralds. The heralds then- proceed to the bar racks of the lancers, where tho same thing takes.place, then to tho university, then to thg Cathedral 'of St; ' Nicholas, where the clergj join the procession, then to the law courts where tho judges fall in, thon to the headquarter! of tbo.marshalsof the nobility, the staff officers the several professions, tho gbvernors, the pro fects, thedeputations from every partof the em. pire, the tradeguilds, Ac.; each body joining ati separate place, and all being summoned by thJ heralds, as in tho first oose. The processiof goes on swelling Until it reaches enortnouj proportions, so much so tbat when, the beat of it arrives at tho Kremlin the tail iB still a1 the other end qf the town.' Arriving at St Demetrius gata thoy find it closfid. Th' heralds then blow their trumpets, and the com mander of tho citadel appears and demand what they want, to which the crowd replie' " Tho Czar." " And what for J" asks th commander. " To crown him the mqst powor ful of tho powerful," fa the reply, apd-th' gates fly opon. The Metropolitans of Moscow . Kazan, Novgorod, and Kioff hero! heat the procession, and, with the deputation from evory part of tho empire, they advano to the palnce and form in front of it Thes' deputations consist of Russians, Roumanians Kirghiz, Chinese, MingTeiianz, Bashkirs, Poles Georgians, Circassians, Calmucks, Armenians Turkomans, Tartars, Esquimaux, Afghans Bulgarians, Laplanders, Mongolians, Finns Persians and Bokhariane,all in their respectiv' national costumes. The Metropolitans thci advance and call upon the Czar to come tor ward, upon which be appears at the portico dressed in the uniform 6f a colonel of tho Im perial Guards, with the Empress, dressed as Russian peasant, on lus arm. The instant th,' deputations are aware of the Imperial pro senco thoy kneel, and being asked by the Cza| what they want oi bim, the Metropolitan o' Moscow replies that they have been sent froo far and wide to sco their Czar anointed so that they can return to thei| homes and asauro those who sent them tha'. tho Ozar is verily the Lord's anointed, and tha' they may obey nono hut him. Thence al' proceed to the Cathedral of the Holy Assumn tion, tho Czar and Czarina walking betwetf the bishops and the deputations. Arriving at the church, the Czar and hit wife are shown to ordinary thrones near thos of the bishops, and the special service immedi ately begins. After the first lesson is read th.; metropolitans conduct tho Emperor and Em! press to a canopy of sotirlet velvet, richly env broidored in gold, tho principal figure being the double-headed Russian eagle. Under thf canopy is on derated platform upon which arJ tho historical throne of -the Czar Vladimij Monomaguo and an ordinary arm-chair for th' Empress, also a table upon which are th.' sceptre and crown of Ooustantines Monoma. chus, a sword and a mantle of ermine. Th' pobles .now advance from tbe south of th' Cathedral and surrounding the platform dravi their swords and place them at the feet of the Czar. The Biehop of Kazan thon asks th' Emperor in o loud voice if ho is a truobclieveg to which be replies by reading the Lord'g Prayer and the Apostles' Creed of the Greek Church. The Bishop next says : — If there bo any of yon hero present knowing any impediment for wluoh Alexander, son o Alexander (or other namo), should not bo crowned by tho grace of God, Emperor and Autocrat oi AU thoKussias, of Moscow, of Kieff, of Vladimir, of Novgorod ; Czarof-Kazan, of Astrakhan, of Foland, of Siberia, of Khersoll-Taurida.of Grousi ; Gosouual of .Fskoff ; Grand Duks of Smolensk, of Lithu ania, of Volhynia, of Fodolia, and of Finlandz Frinco of Esthonia, of Livonia, of Couriand, of Semigalia, of the Samoyedes, of Bieiostok, of Corel is, of Foer, of Ingor, of Perm, of Viaf ka, oi Bulgaria, and of other countries ; Master and Grand Dnfce of tbo Lower Countries in Nov- forod, of Tchernigoff, of Riazan, of Polotsk, of .os toff, of Jaroslaff, of BieJosersk, of Oudork, of Obdorsk, of Kondisk, of Vitolsk, of MstUaff, and of all tbe countries of tbe North ; Master Abso lute of Ivorsk, of Kastalnisk, of Kcbardinsk, and of tbe territory of Armenia : Sovereign of Moun tain PriDCcs of Tchcrkask ; Master ofTurkestan, Heir Presumptive of Norway, and Duko of Sloswick-Holstoin; of Stormarne, of Ditbmarss, and of Oldenborg, lot him eotpS forward now, In tho name of the Holy Trinity, and show what tbe impediment. is, or let him remain dumb foi over I This is repeated three times, and nppn no ob jection being raised, he lays his hand upon th head of tbe Czaz, who immediately kneels At this point tbe Metropolitan of Moscow takes the mantle of ermine from the table jtnd throws it over the. kneeling. Czar,, saying, . " Cover and protect thy people as this robe covers and protects thee ; " tbe Emperor re, plying, "I will, I. will, I will, God helping, " and bussing thu prelate's hand. . The Bishop of Novgorod now places the soeptre in tle Czar'e band, saying, "May thine hand which holds this wither tbe day thou art unjust ; " the answer being, "Be it so;" after which the Bishop of Kieff places tho crown upon the Emperor's head. At this point the Empre'ij kneels beside her husband, who partly covers her with tho cloak of crmdnq, and also holds his crown 'abovo her head tor a few- second without, however, placing it upon her head. The Czar and Czarina remain in prayer for sevoral minutes amid a deadly silence, and the instant they rise to their feet bishops, noble,-, deputations, clergy and all present kueoi to theqi, shouting, " Long live tbe Czar I" The cry is taken up by the hundreds of thousands who are outside, the heralds sound their trum pets, guns are fired, and beUs are rung. The- Cear commands the people to rise, and is again surrounded by the nobles, who receive their swords back from tbe Imperial hands, the Emperor saying, "It is thy coun try's," to which the noblo replies, "And my Czar'6." Mass is again resumed, and the Emperor proceeds alone to the altar, passing through the Golden Gates -of Ibe Iconostasini, which are closed behind him, thus hiding him fro® view. . Here, after partaking of the Holy Communion, the Metropotitan of Moscow anoints his head, temples, -eyelids; lips, nos trils, ears, breasts and hands, saying " Be hold the seal of the Holy Ghost ; may it keep thee ever holy." The Gates of the Iconos tasini are re-opened, the Czar appears before them,- and is hailed with shouts of, " Thou art verily by.iho.Lord .anointed." ,- ;The iEmpreu advances to the sanctuary, and kneels to her lord, who bids her riso, and thoy walk out of the cathedral arm in arm. At tho door is a gilded chariot, drawn by twelve white horses, into which they enter, tho princes, other mem bers of the Imperial family, foreign monarchs, guests, iko., entering other State chariots. The procession again forms as it did on approach ing the Kremlin, and, with its new additions, moves slowly through the gaily decorated town. According to ail old custom, the Czar s carriage, instead of being guarded by troops, is surrounded by one hundred maidens belonging to the best Russian families, all dressed in white and holiday garlands of flowers. Court balls and receptions begin in tlio evening nod last for a fortnight, after which the court re turns to Bt. Petersburg. 