NEWS AND NOTES. To day, at the meeting of the City Coun cil, the secretary to the Local Board of Health will submit his report on past direc tions on drainage into Lake Wendouree. The folio wins are clauses in the report io question: —'“ On the section between Pleasant street and the Nunnery, all Ibe drainage of the buildings can be conveyed to Sturt street by the inter vening streets, but several of the latter are private property, aod. some trouble may be caused in acquiring the rights. Moreover, the far end of Start street must be channelled be* fore it can receive the extreme end of that section. There' are several buildings so situated that absolute diversion of their drain age would be almost impossible, and in such cases the only recourse is to enforce to the fullest extent the provisions of the New Public i Health Statute, The. statute is more copious and l stringent than any - preceding it, but unfortunately it has. not yet .b*en circulated, and opportunity of reporting on its provisions Is not yet afforded. Reformatory drainage—Cr Lewis accompanied by Mr Wood, the inspector of nuisances, and the secretary' to the board, visited the* Re formatory and thoroughly inspected the drain age; so far as the premises were concerned, the drainage arrangements were in perfect order;- the difficulty in the case is the outlet and disposal of it. Notice was given to the . superintendent of the council's intention to cut off the outlet through the gardens, the superintendent duly advised the Government thereof, and an officer was sent to inspect. Other available outlets were shown to him, but bis report is not yet to hand." Several residents of Bungaree, including shire councillors, who were io Ballarat on Saturday, spoke very acrimoniously- regarding the report of the chairman of tbe Water Com* jmssion relative to the annual collection of £5OO rates by the Bungareeshire Council. It appears that an answer to the report is to prepared and published. A courageous act was performed on Sunday afternoon, 11th instant, near the Clunes weir at Birch's Creek by a youth named Thomas Dilena, 17 years of age, who succeeded in saving a child named Rowlands from death by drowning. It appears that a number of chil dren were playing near the stream, when the little boy Rowlands, five years of age, fell into tbe water, which at the place was 6 feet in depth. Young Dilena noticed the occur rence, and without divesting himself of any clothing at once plunged in to the rescue. He succeeded in grasping the child just as it was sinking for the third time. The child was brought out fortunately but little the worse for the mishap. Great praise has been accorded to the rescuer for the heroism of the action, and It certainly seems to be a case in which the Victorian Humane Society could worthily afford some recognition. The parents of the noble youth reside at Wheeler's bridge, near Smeaton. A, young man named Henry Harvey, 27 years of age, attempted to commit suicide in Ballarat East on Saturday by cutting his throat with a razor, It appears that Harvey, who resides in York street with his aunt, a Mrs Fox, had been drinking heavily for some short time, working at intervals at the re building of the Red Lion hotel in Main road. On returning home from work on Saturday evening, Harvey asked to be supplied with money for liquor, which Mrs Fox at once re- fused. He repeated the request, and on a second refusal got up and walked into his own room, and seizing a razor inflicted a huge gash across his throat. The unfortunate man's brother entered the room a few minutes afterwards, and found him lying on the floor covered with blood. Dr Jermyn was at once sent for and Senior-constable Johnston and Constable Curtin were called in. On their arrival Harvey was found very weak from loss of blood, and a cab having been pro cured, he was removed to the Hospital. Ah examination there showed that the windpipe had not been severed, though an ugly gash, some seven inches in length had been inflicted. The wound was sewn up, and the patient admitted to the accident ward. The injuries are not of a serious nature, and in a week or two Harvey will have recovered from the effects of his rash attempt. Our Clunes correspondent writes on Satur- day:—A serious accident occurred last even- ing while the Clunes visitors to the Smeaton show, were returning home. The Clunes brass band had been engaged playing at the show all day, and had stopped at Allendale to play a few tunes on the journey home, which delayed them till it was dark. Eleven mem bers of the band, together with Messrs W. B. Wilkes, H. Oliver, B. Trevan, and the driver who was perfectly sober, were riding in a three horse 'bus, the property of Mr W. B. Burn of Clunes, and when about a mile from Allendale the horses went over a steep embankment over turning the vehicle. Another cab was coming just behind, and its passengers immediately ran to the assistance of those in the ’bus. With little difficulty those inside extricated them selves from their uncomfortable position, when it was found that notwithstanding that the upper part of the 'bus was smashed consider ably, and the bandsmen's brass instruments distorted out of all shape, the passengers had escaped with several cuts and bruises. Two of the occupants of the capsized vehicle were riding on the top, and although they were thrown a considerable distance, they escaped unhurt. After a little time spent in examining wounds, &c.;, the 'bus was lifted up, when it was found that the underpart was uninjured, and consequently the passengers resumed their seats, and the journey to dunes was accomplished without any further mishap. The wonder of the whole occurrence is that somebody was not killed, and it was acknowledged by all that they had had a most miraculous escape." As questions are still being asked regard ing the fancy side board formed of cones ex hibited at the Ballarat Spring Flower Show on Thursday and Friday Iast, it may be of interest to mention that the novel piece of furniture was manufactured by a self-taught young lady, Miss Hassell, of Wendouree. The cones were collected by the young, lady in the local Botanical gardens, and put to the useful purpose mentioned. The sideboard in question is not the first similar article of furniture that Miss Hassell has manufactured. We under- stand that the novelty is for sale. A Ballarat young man who lately enlisted in the Salvation Army, has absconded from the district and left a local tailor lamenting. The young fellow ordered a uniform from the "limb-fitter” (as some Hibernians term jt tailor), and paid a deposits. After, the clothes had'! been delivered, circumstances, it is said, | compelled the Salvationist to desert and go. to another diitrict, In the hurry of - departure* the unfortunate-tailor was forgotten, X The affair has, however, not yet ended. *"•%/ About 10 o’clock last night a lad named Harry Kingston), eight years of ngf», was taken to the City, lockup by a Mr Elliott and bis wife. They had found the little fellow crying bitterly near the Lydiard street Wesleyan Church. The boy s story is that at 4 o’clock* yesterday afternoon his mother, sister, and brother-in-law left him near the church and went off without saying whither they were::.going,'.! Ha .‘waited, 'at ‘the placa until ha was found by Mr and Mrs Elliott. He says his brother-in-law is named James McDonnell, .who is employed at theFboecix Foundry. The boy is not acquainted with the streets in Ballarat, as he only arrived from Melbourne .on' last Saturday week. He says that his father resides hear the Cremorne Gardena at Richmond. The boy was dressed in a dark cloth knickerbocker suit, with a dilapidated cloth cap. The ' police learned the address of the boy’s relatives, and a policeman was taking him home when they met the brother-in- law starting in search of the little fellow. ... . - The danger of cooking with a.defective oven' was exemplified on Saturday last at Sebastopol. Mra Peart, a widow residing in Wilson’s lane, was engaged in cooking purposes when after a 1 few minutes’ absence she discovered that the side of the house was on fire. Fortunately a I 1 bucket of water was standing near with which , she succeeded in staying the dimes., A man named Moore, who was mowing in the paddock i | close by, then came to her assistance and succeeded in extinguishing the'fire. % - I The lad, Thomas Evans, who was so severely I crushed at the cattleyarda on Tuesday last, | has slightly improved within the lost day or | two. though he still lies In a very precarious : condition. I ,-A number of clerks who are articled to solid* | tors practising in this city went toMelbourneon Saturday by the 7.10 p,m. train. They are | required to pass certain examinations, which are periodically held iu the metropolis before being allowed to practise aa solicitors. ; ' \- It is intended, we understand, to have a very important rifle competition in Ballarat at an early date. The Ist B.V.R. have issued a challenge to the men of. the H.M.S. Nelson at j present in Melbourne; Should the challenge ba accepted, as _ it most probably will, the match will likely.be fired on: Saturday next, the 24th inst. A well-known disciple of Xztak Walton got into a nice fix a few mornings ago. He was going to the lake before daybreak, accompa nied by bis dog. When crossing an allotment of land, upon which stood a dwelling, the dog espied another member of the canine race, and commenced to growl. After the pets had snarled for a time, a white figure, resembling that of a woman, appeared upon' the scene. The sight of the flowing snow white robes of the female made the fisherman allfctle anxious, more especially aa the object had apparently come through* the side of the; building. Raising his rod to the. military “ pre sent " . position, the fisher,, who hails from a country where ’ the" existence of ghosts is credited, by not* a few, thought it would be weir to see if the form before him was natural or supernatural. -Mas tering up courage, he, Jn the dull starlight, cried out, “Be you living or dead, apeak to me. What’s the matter with you ?” Save the growling of the dog*, no sounds were heard, and the figure still approached. The fisherman walked on, and the object followed. At-last the angler halted, and then found that the form pursuing him was that of a “ real live woman,” in her nightdress, the attire being apnropriately set off with a cap trimmed with very wide lace. As soon as the.female saw the fishing rods she remarked, “Oh, its all right, I thought you were a robber,” and turned back in the direction of her house. The barking of the dogs caused the false impression of the fair one.- Very few housewives would leave their beds to pursue a supposed robber. Mr Jacob Hollander, an old Ballarat resi dent, Is, we are informed, about to commence business in Sydney. ,A resident of Little Bendfgo has reported to the police that an old black tin dish with a hole iu the.rim and an old shovel have been stolen from a bole near where be was working. The police have received instructions to make -a hot search for the thief, the' property being so valuable. A youth named Thomas Silman, 17 years of age, was arrested on Saturday by Senior-con stable Bruce on a charge of threatening behaviour, whereby a breach of the peace was occasioned. It is said that Stlman’s father went home in an inebriated condition and abused his wife, whereupon young. Sitman'took bis mother’s part. The result was a bout of fisti cuffs between father and son. Yesterday young SUman was bailed ont to appear at the City Police Court this morning. Numerous complaints have been made re garding the assembling almost nightly in Sklpton street, near the junction with Raglan street, of a number of youths who make use of language of the vilest description. The appearance of a policeman in uniform baa for the time a quieting influence on them, but probably a, plain- clothes constable would be of more effVct In checking the eviU The Mayor of the City and Messrs Caselli and Higgans attended at the City Police Court on Saturday morning. Mary Heapy, 70 years of age, who bad been arrested for vagrancy, was remanded till the 24tb instant. A drunkard was discharged. The i..ke and gardens committee of the City Council will to day recommend the acceptance of Mr John Reid’s tender for the leasing of the Botanic fruit stall. The term of the lease is three years, at an annual rent of , £6l. . •- An exciting pig bunt took place in the city on Saturday afternoon. Three pigs broke loose from their owner in O’Farrell and Son’s sale yards and scampered off to the street in dif ferent directions. Two were’quickly re-cap tured, but the third ran underneath the hoofs of the -horses in a’bus. Pig No. 3 bad the worst of the encounter, as the larger animals 1 stamped it to death. | The friends of Mr Samuel Rogers, of this city, will be pleased to learn that he proceeds i to Geelong -this week to take charge of the railway station bookstall at that place, for Messrs H: Franks and Cos. Mr Rogers baa shown himself energetic and successful here, and no doubt In bis new sphere of. labour he will give every satisfaction. The.final meeting of the banquet and ball committee of the let Ballarat Rifles took place In the Orderly room on .Saturday evening. Captain Musgrove occupied the chair. Ac counts, were passed for payment. It was resolved that letters of thanks be forwarded to the City and Town Councils for tfaa use of pot plant*, &c; ; as also to a number of private citizens who bad kindly lent flags to the com mittee. Other matters were dealt with, and the affairs of the committee wound up. The cloth was then, spread, and proceedings, of 'a convivial nature were entered into. The | healths of Captain Musgrove, chairman, and : Sergeant. Hayes, boo. secretary, were proposed I and responded. to. Major Sleep spoke at length on the disbanding of the old force and ' enrolment of the new one. A number of : toasts and songs followed, and a pleasant hour 1 was spent. Mr C. M. Watson's charming Buninyong villa and 10 acres were offered by Mr W. Little, I auctioneer, at Craig's Royal hotel on Saturday. There was a large ; attendance of leading ! citizens, and much interest in the sale was manifested. .The bidding started at £lOOO, ' and ended at £l7OO. The reserve not having I been reached, the property was bought in at £2OOO, and is now open for private sale at the | office of the auctioneer. He quite expects to , make a quick clearance, as there several likely I buyers in the market. The early construction I of a tramway to Buoinyoog will do much to I improve the value of such suburban property as this. Tbe Sydney, Adelaide, and New Zea«. | land tramways have advanced outside pro perty to an enormous extent. There was an excellent attendance at the meeting of the Catholic Young Men’s Society on last Friday evening. Tbe chair was taken by Mr Daly, vice-president. A candidate for membership was proposed, and leave of ab sence till the end of the year was granted to I Mr Daly, who is removing temporarily to Mel , bourne. After other general .business had been settled, 41 prepared speeches,” the special business of the evening, were delivered. An 1 address was given on the motto of the society “Knowledge is power;” and, as time after wards permitted, an'interesting impromptu discussion took place, in which nearly'every member present spoke. The business then terminated in the customary manner. - A large and influential meeting of the stewards of (he Lai Lai Falls Turf Club was held at Hager’s Criterion hotel bn Saturday, the 17th instant, at 4 30 p.m., for the purpose of electing an' executive committee and arranging a programme for the comins New Tear’s Day races. Mr Hager occupied the chair.; The following gentlemen were appointed an executive Fitz patrick,; Ditty, Way, Tanner; Clohssy; King* and 3 Green: Aswi Ibe se'eiTby'advertwe ment in another put nf this issue, programme ‘was arranged £or. . Judging by the 'oothusiwni displayed by all in attendance, one of-the bait meeting* since the formation of the club ta fully anticipated. , . ' i The occupants of one of the numerous small craft on the L^ke’yesterday aftt-rnoon nar rowly escaped serious accident through getting In front of the, paddlo*wheel of -i passing steamer. The rowists, it seems, attempted to pull into the wash of the steamer, but mis judging the distaoceahot right'against the fore part of the boat. A scene of confusion fol lowed, the skiff being In imminent danger for a moment or two of being dragged under by. the paddle, but by a fortunate and well* directed push it-was just sent clear. It is stated that another case of a. very similar nature occurred during the day. The annual tea meeting of the Presbyterian congregation, -Miners* Rest, was held on Fri dny evening. The tasteful .floral; festoons, wreaths, testa, and candelabra, while beauts fyibg the church, testified to the skill and en thusiasm of the young ladies by whom they were designed. ’ The ladies who presided at the tables with their usual courtesy, and ability, were Mesdames Fisher, Kennedy, and Sou ter, Misses Tait, Parker (2), James (2), Rose (2), Wright, M’Keuzie, Munteitb, Chalmers, Wood ward, and Fisher. The viands* both for variety and quality, did great credit to the caterer, Mr Wheeler, of Ballarat. At the after meeting the Rev. F. Souter, minister of the congrega tion presided. The Hon. James Campbell, M.L.C , delivered bis lecture on “The Five Greatest Sights of Europe,’’ to the great de light and edification ofthe large audience, which completely filled the building. At inter vals the choir, under the able leadership of Mr< M’Donald, rendered choice selections of sacred I music, which were much appreciated, and afforded agreeable variety to the proceedings. After the usual votes nf thanks the benediction I was pronounced, and this', most successful , gathering separated. I William/Disney, 34 years of age, a miner, was arrested on Saturday by Senior-constable Bruce for the J following offence, described in the expressive, language of the charge sheet that he “ did on the 17th day of November, 1883, in the shire'of Bungaree, feloniously steal, take, and carry away. oiie .rooster, value 2s, the property of John' King.” The pri soner states that the bird was owned by him, and that he sold it to, obtain money for beer. We are requested to state that Mr Bath, of Ceres, obtained first prize for a pair of long* woclled ewes at the Smeatou show, and not Mr L. R. Calvert, * who got second position only. It may be mentioned that the awards, as printed in our prize list on Saturday, were got from the secretary’s book. The Salvation Army, whose head quarters in Ballarat are at the Alfred Hall, ■ have bad a long run ,o£ police protection, la future the constables doing .duty there will protect the life and property of residents iu other parts of the town. Tbo step thus taken by the officer of police In Ibis district is regarded by moat of-the inhabitants of the city and. town with favour. Other religious bodies do not require police protection: The gum-trees growing in tha city and town are at the present time over-rim with paro quets. The birds, which are of beautiful plumage, are somewhat noisy when perched on the branches of the trees. < It is stated that the presence in Ballarat of the paroquets at this time of the year denotes that rough weather prevails m their opcountry haunts. . f It is reported in police circles tb&t; a con stable is required to proceed to the Allandale station. A stalwart man with experience is required fur this now Important place. The celebration of the 27th anniversary of the Welsh Presbyterian Sunday school, Sebas topol, took, place yesterday, when three able and effective sermons ware preached. The attendance at each service was extremely large the sitting capacity of ' tha church being taxed to the . utmost; la the , morning Mr M. Soaking preached a very telling sermon, choosing for his text, St.;John, xi!., 32, 33. In tha afternoon tbe pulpit was occupied by the Rev. E. Turner, who founded bis remarks on Mark x., 13, 14; whilst in the evening Rev. H. Richardson officiated and preached from the text contained in Isaiah xxviii., 16. Collections in aid of the Sunday school were made after each service. . : The lake and gardens were yesterday visited by an unusually large number of persona. The weather was exceedingly, enjoyable. Daring the past week 93 indoor and 454 outdoor patient) received treatment at the Hospital. Of tbe 985 persons relieved at the Benevo lent Asylum during the past week 340 were children. Saturday’s Grenville Advocate saysTbe meeting of ladies of St. Mary’s Church of England, held on Friday, decided to have the annual tea meeting in the first week m De cember.” All accounts against the Albion Imperial Football Club must be sent in to Mt Gra-* ham’p office, Camp street, on Wednesday next; Tenders will be received, till Wednesday next for tbe right to bold a refreshment booth at the Egerton and Gordons Mioers’ Associa tion sports to be held at Greene’s paddock on tbe sth December. Tbe health of that old pioneer and legis* lator, Sir Charles Sladen, K.C.M.G • is said to be very precarious just now. He has not been in the beat of health since: August last.' Tickets for St. John's excursion to Queens cliff ,oa Wednesday next can be obtained at the schoolroom, Soldiers Hill, this and to morrow evenings, from 7 to 9 o’clock, or at places of business already advertised. Attention is drawn to the sale of household furniture and carpenters' tools which takes place at Messrs R. Tunbridge and Co's, auction rooms, Lydiafd street, to*day, at 12 o'clock sharp. Mr A. C. Carnegie, although recovering from his . Indisposition, will be unable to resume . tuition for some little time yet; • : A tea meetiog will take place this evening at the Welsh CAlvioistio Church, Sebastopol. A meeting of subscribers to tbe Springs Mechanics’lnstitute will take place at 8 o'clock this evening, at tbe Springs hotel. The North Queen Company's plant, Black Hill, will be submitted to public competition at 1 o’clock this afternoon, by Mr D. Fitz patrick, auctioneer. 