ESTHER'S GLOVE. ( Concluded. I The most hideous fate that can befall a etrong woman is to love and scorn. She is driven to hatred for a relief ; and as hate cannot live with scorn or love, she is driven to hate one whom she neither loves nor scorns. Contemptible as Michael was, he was her all — she mn6t cling to the dross since she had lost the true gold, and she was ready to tarn upon Rose like a tigress robbed of carrion. So she said, in her slow, sweet way — never so alow or so sweet as when she was moved most deeply — 'Rose, let ns take a walk over the fields while it is light. I can do nothing more to-day.' Rose went out, almost fearinl lest the wind shonld blow away the parting toncb that her Sun had left upon her band. It was a sacred touch to her, that of the hand which had saved her. The two walked on, speaking little; but not re garding the silence of one another. There cannot be much talk between winter midnight and the sparkling tears of an April morning. Bat at last Esther said — ' You love Michael Perrin.' ' Madame F ' Why do you not aay so, when it is true 1 Love is no sin ; and if it were, it would not be mended by telling.' Her manner, though now grown brnsqae and sudden for her, did not seem unkind. 'And whom have yon to tell bnt me 1 But yon need not tell me unless yon like. I can see very welL' ' Madame, I would not keep any least thing from you for the world ! Even if I had a secret, it would belong to you, and him.' 1 It is true, then !' ' How can one help it, madame ? Why, he saved me — be is a hero !' ' Only because be saved you 1 If Farmer Lightfoot or Farmer Bartle bad saved you, would you bave loved him ?' ' Ah, madame, they would not bave saved me — and they are not He ! You know Him, madame — ' ' Yes ; I know him. But I don't mean, are yon grateful to him 1 Would yon marry him V ' Madame !' 'Would yon marry him? Come — there is nobody here bnt me to hear.' ' Madam,' said Rose, raising her face and eyes a little prondly, ' I am prond of everything I think and feel about him. I should be ashamed of myself if I did not love the best and noblest man in ail the world. I owe my life to him, and I would give it to Dim dbck again, li ne bade me die, I wonld die ; and if he said Live, 1 wonld live, and if he eaid, Come, I would go with him to the end of the world. For all be does and says 1b right for me. And I wonld trust him with my soul and never be afraid, and if he wished to kill melt wonld be my will too. And if be bated me I would hate myself but I wonld love Him.' It was clear that she wonld have pro claimed her love and honour for her hero from the steeple, and bave felt no shame iu her pride. Nor would one soul that heard her have called her unmaidenlike, unless prepared to find modesty nowhere but in its mockery. ' You do not love him,' said Esther. ' You worship him 1' ' Yes, madame 1' They had walked far, and the evening dew was beginning to rise thickly. It was not Esther's habit to go so far from home, but their own thoughts, and now their words, had carried them on. Even now Esther made no sign of taming back, though one of the old chalk quarries such as had helped to throw Michael out of his road some three months ago, warned her that she had reached the downs, and most be at least three miles from home. 'Yon have told me,' said Esther, with the coming darkness in her voice, ' what you would do if be demanded your life — you would die. Bnt suppose he had said, Come, and yon had come to him — you, Rose, to him — and suppose, as soon as he saw a younger and prettier face, he threw you off for her, — what should yon do then ? Could you do more than die.' ' Yes. madams ' ' What could you do — more than die ?' ' I would help him to be happy, and go away.' ' And still worship him V ' Always madame. Always and every where. — Ah !' Even in the gathering mist of dew, how ccrald she have failed till then to hear Esther's true voice in the slow, dark words that had been closing round her ? She felt, rather than heard, the words 'and he loves you' — which were never meant for her to hear. So far from proving her love and her gratitude by her life, she had entered this paradise like the servant — only to spoil it for the woman and the man ; and she would have died for Esther, though for Michael she would have more than died. But though she could read her own heart she could not read Esther's soul. ' I love him,' felt Esther. ' I have g:veu him my life — I cannot take it away. I hate him and I scorn him, bnt I love him. For oae year of life, any life, I would return to an eternity of €V€q the old dead tormeot, and J fire would be beaven to that, with thankfulness and joy. The teat has failed ; but I cannot, I dare not, lose life and him. What is this child's life, what is it even to her, that it should come between my life and me ? Had he never seen her, he wonld never bave loved her : and, weak as he is, he will never love her mure if he never sees her ugain. I have suffered enough. Neither Sin ZIOr death ean matro me finffpr mnre I must yield. I have given him my life, i and since I cannot give him my trust, I will give him my verysool.' The old chalkpit lay black and deep below : one touch from Esther's arm, and the world wonld be as if Rose Chastal had never been born. She could no longer see Rose in the mist, bnt she could hear her breathe. May the most sinful of all sonls be spared one moment's agony like hers. Her arm rose and moved. Whether her whole will meant murder, Heaven knows. Bat it met only with air and dew. Like a phantom, Rose had melted into the mist and was gone. Esther was not the only person who had discovered Michael's heart's secret : Michael himself, nearly at the same moment, had discovered it too. Nor waa she the only person who scorned him for his want of manly faith: her acorn for him was not greater than Ins own. He was not even just to himself as he drove as fast as he conld to Wavenhatn. A man may not unfairly hold that incon- etancy of heart is no sin, seeing that love and liking are things of which no m&n; is master. Nevertheless, if he be not wholly without knightly feeling, he will feel the humiliation of being unable to love in knightly fashion and Michael1 e impulsive fancy turned and accused him of cowardice as well as of incon stancy. Only ingrained cowardice, he told himself, could have kept him from facing facta,apd have sent hiw away from Craneleigh with love for oue woman in hie heart and for another on his lips— with nn&ith; in his heart and untruth on his tongue. Qow could he dare even now to tell a woman like Esther that he bad deceived himself when he thoaght he loved her— that he had forsworn himself, unconsciously indeed, at the beginning, but with only ostrich-like consciousness at the end? — Now conld be say, I have solemnly accepted your whole trust, and cheated you into leaning npon a broken reed 9 It would be no common case nf a. man'# hlnndprincr infcrt sn «n- gagement and then having to make the best of thiDge by blundering ont again. He knew Esther well enough to blow that if he proved false to her he wonld be taking from her what she had made her all ; that he wonld be plundering ber of all her faith in her fellow-creatnres and in her own self, and wonld be over whelming her with mortification and shame. He would be killling not only her heart, bnt her pride, and would be leaving her nothing ; while bnt for him, ehe would never have had a dream to love. The courage to confess was needed not for his own sake, bnt for here, and be could neither feel brave enongh to murder nor base enongh to live a lie. Dear as the girl be had saved had be come to him, he would willingly have faced life without her if he could only blot out the past without having to choose between treachery and cruelty. Some may, as an abstract question of morals, bold one of these to be the worse sin, others may hold the other ; bnt he most have a cool head indeed who can decide for him self when he has either to be false in order to be kind or crael in order to be true. 'Trnth before all things' Bounds well, bnt it must not be confounded with ' Self before all.' How conld he dare to kill Esther for the mean and selfish end of not staining Ids despicable sonl with one lie more ? It conld never hart her now to know, and his first duty was to iter. Nav. the more dear Rose became to him, the more his duty of Belf conquest towards Esther seemed to grow. Well if one cannot master Love, one can at least master Self, and so be constant after all — if not iu one's wandering heart, yet in one's steadfast will. If one cannot live and be bappy, one can live and be un happy, and even after five and-twenty life is not a day longer than eveiyday duty needs. ' At any rate,' he thought, ' I can will one thing — I will never see Rose again. ... At least,' added his heart, ' if I can't help seeing her face when I say Good-bye to Esther before I sail, it shall only be ber face, and nothing mora' So long as he was in London, though he was still trying to fight out his battle, the full force of the fight could not coma He was able to put bis work in the van and hie innermost heart in the rear, and he had never learned till now what a loxnry all-engroBsing work may ba He even envied the machine, which conld only do and never feeL He wished it were possible to avoid going down to Craneleigh; bnt now, of all times, he conld not deprive Esther of the least atom of observance, and something else also called or drew him there once more to which his will made him blind. Once more he arrived at Wavenhatn ; once more he took the short cut across the downa But already that first walk of his seemed to be years and years ago. He was not likely to find the path again blocked by an old chalkpit, for he now knew the way over the downs as well as he had learned that of life ill. In a few minutes he wonld see Esther once more, and Rose for the last time — for the very 'Holloa, Mr. Mikle, so you're come down again to see how we're getting on ?' It was Farmer Lightfoot paying a visit to his outlying sheep, and Michael just managed not to let the farmer hear him swear. ' You'll find a change or two,' said the farmer, ' up at Perrin's — bnt perhaps yon'll know.' A change ?' 'Ah! You know that she-mounseer that madam had to do her eewing — that you picked np for her last Mop-time V People and things live long that Bide of Wavenham — spite included. Michael was under the delusion that he commanded both his face and his voice as he asked, ' She is not — ill V ' They that pick up their ladies'-maids at Wavenham Mop must expect what they find, I reckon. Isnppose the yonng one did find Mother Perrin's dullish after what she'd been used to.' ' What the devil do yon mean ?' ' I haven't heard there's any spoons missing yet, though of coarse, as old Josh- way's execkitor, Fve inquired. She's bolted — thafs all.' ' Gone f Where f 'Well, you're a nice innocent young chap, you are !' The fanner did not merely wink, he screwed np one side of his broad and honest face into a grin. ' Bless my soul, if yon haven't mistook Longacre for Gammon Fair !' And so, like every prudent wit, he returned to his uueep UCIU1D lie VUUIU 1CCI tt rcwiti U1 U1C kind which wits are notorious for dislik ing. Rose gone ! — what could it mean ? His will was not to see her, but his will had nothing left to say. And Esther in uone of her letters had mentioned Rose . That had not struck him as strange, for Esther was not in the habit of speaking or writing about third persons. Bat surely she would have mentioned such a thing as Hose's departure from the farm- He quickened his steps instinctively, and hurried on till he reached the wooden plank that crosses the stream. His thoughts no far before him. But his eyes wandered, ae eyes (rill when the heart has lost its way and when one in stinctively looks in every toft of grass for a sign. And suddenly, as he passed the middle of the bridge, a curl of triad parted f or an instant the rushes on the left; and showed something Boft and white that lay amongst them. Instinct butflew haefo ; hardly knowing why, he leaned as far as he could over the rail of the plank, and then, with a gasp of dread, swnng himself under, and plunged knee- deep into the stream. Rose had disappeared ! — and whither, when the little hat with the wing in it, which he knew as well as be knew every other eign of her, had saved itslf from sinking down among the weeds? It would have meant nothing if she had not gooe away ; it might mean nothing now. Bnt his trick of fancy seemed to have turned to a passion of insight that he knew he loved Rose Chastal, and no one else in all the world. And now 1 Yes, Esther would hate her if she knew, if ehe guessed even, and Esther's hate would mean Hate : not the feeble sham that we mostly dignify by that terrible word. Rose had disappeared, and Esther had said nothing ; the only sign of her was on the water and among the reeds. Conld he, by any look or visible thought, have pnt a spark into the fathomless mine of Esther's jealousy? She had ceased to be to bim either lovely or noble ; Bhe had become only a jealous, exacting, passionate, disappointed woman, with a morbid craving for love which had been crashed into feeding upon itself until it had become all Self — a monster that only lived to devour. He shuddered ashe felt into wbat hands he bad delivered himself and Rose. He conld recall no look or sign of his that could have led to the fear that possessed him ; but who dares boast of having hidden Love even from nnjealon8 eyes I If Rose was dead, her death was surely due to Esther's hate, if not to Esther's hand. ' What has become of Rose ?' he burst out on reaching the form. He saw bow pale and scared Esther turned. 'Why — why do you ask me about Rose ?' 'Can you ask 1 Because 'Because you love her,' eaid Esther. ' Tell me the truth for once, if you can. Note swear to me that you do not love Rose !' The true Esther stood before him — if wronged, defying him with pride; if gnilty, defying him with power. But it was not to yield to a spell that he had come - now. ' I do love her ! And ' His word failed before her. It was she who spoke on. ' I don't thank you for telling me the truth when yon can hide it no longer. But I do thank you, Michael Perrin, for letting me know,, before it 'is qoite too late, what I am and what von and all men are. I am not so vain of myself as to be cheated twice over ; and, if it is any comfort to your pride, yon have left roe nothing to be cheated of — nothing." No man can again trick me ont of trost, for yon have left me a beggar. You see what I think of you when I scorn you too much to care whether you know my very inmost heart or no. I neither know nor care what has become of Rose Chas- taL And if I did know, 1 would not tell you. I am not quite so lost yet as to let you cheat another woman, if she were my worst enemy, in the way yon have cheated me. Wherever she is, she is safer than with you — yes, even if she has gone back to the streets of Wavenham. A pack of honest wolves is better than Michael ! I did love yon — you ; and yet I sm alive to tell you that 1 can not even hate yon ; bate is not enough for what yon have done to me !' Hie eyes fell before her. ' Esther — since yon do not know, 1 am not going, to rest nntil I have fonnd Rose — Gid knows whether she is dead or alive. I am not afraid to Bay the word. If she lives, I will find her. If ehe is dead — I mast try to live with the thought that I have killed her. I will go back to the work my father left me, and become that, since I have failed to be a man. Yes ; I do love her. I deserve more than all yon can say of me. Perhaps,' he ssid sadly, 'you don't know how one who once flattered himself that he was both man and gentleman, and was vain of thinking so, feels when he tells a woman who — a woman, that he is a coward and a liar. If you can guess at all, yon know bow I feel now. Bat, on my honour — no, not /in rriTT hnn/ini fnv t hann n/twa lafl- mo bat 1 ask yon to believe me, even now, when I tell you that I did not know 1 was lying when I told you I loved you ; that I was absolutely honest, in my own belief nntil I met with — her. And even then — even after that — I did not tell myself what yon have told me till — till after I saw yon for the last time. I have meant to be true to yon, God knows, and now I cannot look npon yon and not believe in yon. And now I have told you all,' he said, as he raised his eyes again, ' I won't mock yon by asking yon to forgive me. That wonld be asking yonto reward me with coals of fira That is alL' He conld hardly keep his throat from closing while he spoke ; and he had a new shame in him, which he conld not telL His gross suspicion of Esther at the brook conld not live in her presence — so much at least of the old charm still re mained. He could only try to bow his neck nnder her feet, and to put himself with his own hands beyond the pale of her mercy. Bathe was not prepared for the new mid tenfold scorn which when he raised his eyes he saw in hem. ' Words — words — words 1 Yon think yon can make me believe yon, even now : that yon loved a plain, old, careworn, vain woman even for one moment, for herself, and not for her gold ! I have still vanity enough left not to want you to think that yon can deceive »ne to the very end. I have known the whole story longer than yon think for. I was fool enough nnt to Bnt I believe it now.' ' What, in the name of Heaven, do yon mean? I pretend to love — I love your gold when yon lost all things by coming to me ?' ' And yon dare to look in my face and tell me yon did not know that my marri age with you would make yon my hue- band's heir 1 -May he who is dead forgive me for having been false to his will, even in a dream — at least he loved me /' If .souls have ears for earth, old Joahway's must bave caught their first harp-notes from beaven jnst then. I can't pretend to know what yon . mean,' said Michael, coldly desperate, and I can't make myself care to know. I don't see how your marrying me could make me gain what you would lose. Perhaps it would. Perhaps I am only too dead to understand how or why. I only know I never thought it then, or that you did either, I do remember how glad I was to fina tht-that by coming to me, yon would lose alL I suppose you think I am speaking very coolly,' he said bitterly, 'for a man wbo has called himself liar and coward, and is only told that he is something, he does not know what, worse than either. I shonld like yon to believe that I was honest in thinking I loved you. Bnt if yon have any reason to doubt even that, what is there for me to say ? Esther — if I speak coldly, it is because my whole heart feels nnmbed. I did not think I shall gain anything by yon — bnt your self — then, and I don't understand now. But let it be, and think of me ae yon wilL Neither I nor yon can be any thing to one another anymore — not even friends. God bless yon, Esther, and make yon a little happy in time: Good bye. The worse yon can think of me, the sooner I shall cease to trouble you. And it will be better so. ' Michael 1 — wait — 'No. Good-bye.' After all, he was only a boy as yet : only learning to be a man. Esther eat down ae soon as he had left her, and conld not comprehend herself, she suddenly felt so calm and cold. ' Can it be that I have lost the power of feeling anything ?' she thought. ' That would be the most hideons of all — to have one's heart tnrned to stone. I think 1 would not take happiness now if it were given me — I should not know how. I don't want anything. I don't even want to die. I wish I could want to die . . . Can it be that he really knew nothing of that secret trust ? I hope I have not been unjust, for his sake, poor lad ! He did not epeak as if he was lying, at the end. Bnt it doesn't matter mncfa. He mnst expect some injustice on his way through the world, and we mnBt all pnt np with being taken for what we seem. . . . Can't I even care to be jast ? Is there nothing I can feelf' She rose impatiently, and walked quickly be tween the window and the door. ' I suppose this is what is called the death of one's aonl. One can't call it pain, because one feels nothing. I wonder if to feel nothing for ever is the very pain of hell — to feel neither love, nor hate, nor scorn, nor pity, nor shame, nor sorrow, nor even pain. I hope not, or I shall have a bad hereafter — I, who am a murderess in heart, thongh not in deed. . . . Poor boy ! and poor girl ! . . . . It was not his fault, after all, that he shonld try to marry an old woman for money, and break down in trying as soon as a pretty face came in his way. More shame for him if he had not broken down — nine men ont of ten wonld have managea to gee roe oia woman ana tae yonng woman too. .... Yes, I am old now ! . ... I did not break down when I married for money — I, who have been seeing motes in others' eyes with a beam in my own I wish he had stayed one moment. It can't be right that two people wbo have been so very near should say Good- bye so. Ah, and I wish he who is dead had stayed — poor enongh as his light was, it was true and honest as far as it knew how to be. I would rather lean npon a crooked crab- stick without fruit than npon a golden rod that breakes in my hand. If he had lived, I should only have dreamed — I should never have learned waking. Ob, what lies we are tanght to believe, when lore is all the while OQly a dream in a woman and only a fancy in a man ! — and yet with me it could have been so great a dream ! And now I could meet him as if I never even dreamed that I loved him. I don't think he would have the power to give me one quicker pulse- beat If he had only stayed one moment more ! It is herd to part so. Bnt it will not hart him for long. While the fancy is on him he will find ont that girl, and be everything that is trne and knightly to her nntil the next face comes. Of course he mnst have the money and the form. I need not marry to make that his in one month's time — thanks to the will. I don't suppose he will let me quite starve : he is not brave enough to give pain. And I will take what he gives, for I have no heart left to face hunger and cold, aud I'm too tired to fight, and too strong to die. If I only knew what love means ! — I shonld becontentnow if lonly knewifthe whole world contains sucn a ttnng, or it the whole thing is only a dream and a lie! ... . Did he ever care for me even ? I think he mast, for one minute, now and then. Yes ; I should be content now if I knew that I had been cared for, even like that, only for one honr. Oh, if I conld know that < — if I conld know anything 1 I wonld believe him even now if he told me that I I would not ask him to swear — I wonld believe. And now he is gone, and I shall never know one thing, except that he hates himself for having cared for ma And if he is as weak as water, and as false as he is I weak, he is my all still — for what have I more ? — Yes, I wonld rather be cared for in a coward's hate, and be trample'd under foot, than go hungry till I die. I will follow him — I will make him need me, if be is too weak to love me. . . . . And if he drives me back again, at least we shall not have parted rill the last word has been spoken— un til the fall and only end. What matters what I think of myself when there is no one else to care ? — He shall at least know all that my love means f It was not fear of death that had saved Rose from Esther's arm. Had she guessed what one moment more npon the brink of "the chalk quarry would have meant for her, she would have been unable to avoid eo short and simple a way out of the world. While Esther's arm was moving towards her through the mist, she Baw and felt nothing bnt the need to blot herself ont from the lives of those who had been good to her. So, leaving behind her only the ghost of a sigh to linger for one moment more in the para dise from which love mnst expel her, she set her face away from Craneleigh and to wards the open downs. Many paths were before ber, and all were open to her except that which wonld lead her back again. At last she could do one great thing for her friends ; and if it was not a wise thing as well as a great thing, she had no pretence to be wise. Her resolve cost her neither effort nor question. 'It wa8 no conqnest over self, because there had been no self to conquer. She simply went away — so simply, that before she was many yards from the pit she was thinking, in the most prosaic and matter-of-fact fashion, where she should go and what she should do. She had her puree with her, and had never had occasion to spend a penny of her wages ; and thongh np dopbt it frpnld have been more theatrically heroic to have thrown her purse away rather than cany away one least token that belonged to Esther, the thought of useless sacrifice never oc- cured to her ; she even felt glad of the money, which wonld help her to pnt her self more completely out of the way. If it would only prove enough to carry her back to France, she might sing there — at least, she fancied so — without fear or hurt, and with the courage that wonld come of feeling that every note she sang would be for Esther's sake and Michael's. She felt one difficulty in the way, and that was not a great one — how to reach the coast without passing through Wavenham. Her geography had so far improved, and her English also, as to make her enre that, if she once reached Hershaw,she could pay for a bed at the little inn, sek her way in telligently, probably get a lift upon the road, and take her passage to Havre in a day or two. Her local knowledge was not great enongh to suggest some few hundred troubles of detail which will present them selves to those who will at once think of inqnisitive innkeepers, the difficulties of Drofessional vaarancv. and the snsnicions of rnral policemen — it suggested no farther question than how to reach Hershaw before the little inn closed ; and the distance was not far, and there was plenty of time. Farmer Bartle used to walk over the downs from Hershaw to Craneleigh, easily within two hours, and she was a good deal qnicker on her feet, as well as in her head, than Farmer Bartle. The first point to make for, she also knew, was the Roman Camp — a common walk from Craneleigh, and to be reached by keeping as high np on the rising ground as possible. TheDce, if, as the snnset mist foretold, the night proved fairly fine, she wonld be able to see the gas of Wavenham shining on one band, and nearer and more scattered candles of Hershaw twinkling on the other. As she expected, in less than an honr the mist broke and left the sweep of the downa grey and clear, with a thin line of half- light between their farthest carve and the clouds. She did not feel tired with her Bhort walk — on the contrary, the need to fly seemed to have given her wings, or at least their energy. She did not feel in the least as if she was trusting to lock ; ehe went on as if patting her faith in DeBtiny. And presently, to reward her faith, ehe eaw the square lines of the camp straight before her at the end of the ridge to which she had climbed. She ought by rights to have struck it at once ; but a few hundred yards was not, for a novice, to be very much out of the way. She reached it presently ; and there lay Waven ham, and there lay Hershaw. She had nothing to do bnt descend. In a few mi nates more, a carve of the downs hid the lights again, bnt in a few more they twinkled ont as clearly as before. There is nothing more easy than to sail a ship over five thousand miles of ocean straight from port to port — for one who knows how. And a thousand times easier ought it to be to Bteer over the few miles that lie between Craneleigh and Hershaw. But let any man who thinks so, try ; and if with that half-knowledge which presumes on short cats, without any knowledge of the lie of the stars, and without the instinct of a four-footed creature to help him, he will perhaps suc ceed — by miracle. And miracles are not more common on that side Wavenham than they are elsewhere. Those few miles began to grow un accountably long. With no watch to measure them, she seemed to have been walking for boars. If weariness and im - patience told her true, the little inn at Hershaw might be closed for the night before she reached it, and then what was she to do? She was snre that, thongh she had been driven to change her track more than once, she was in the right direction, and she began to ran. And then, more haste, worse speed. Running did not make her wits clearer, as every child who has been lost in the streets can teli. The twinkling lights bad long ago vanished, and had not shone out again. If it was becanse she had made too long a circle towards them, it was bad enough ; but if it was because of the lateness of the hour, it was worse still. Her rno was all at once brought-to by a brook that crept half over, half under the turf, showing its coarse only by a broad margin of rank grass and rnsbes — indeed, her first warning of this unlocked, for obstacle was a wet ankle ; and then she looked round and saw that the moon had risen in the north, south, east, or west — she was not astronomer enough to tell. This new light was no friend to her. It only tnrned the whole look of the land to confusion, making light where there bad been shade, and throwing black shadows where there had a moment ago been light — calling into being a new world remote from either Craneleigh or Hershaw. She could not go back upon her steps, for she had dropped no pebbles along her track ; and if she had, they would have led her back to Craneleigh. She could not wade through the stream, so she must follow it, up or down, keeping at a safe distance from its border of rushes. She -had little reason to guide her choice, except that, bring tired, the downward course felt the more natural, and that, wherever Hershaw might lie, it mnst be reached at last by a descent from the downp. . So she went down the stream ; and she went on and on until the strength of excitement began to fail, and not only to-night but all days and nights to come felt like one great need to sit down upon the nearest stone and cry. She was getting hungry, too, for in herself ehe was bealthv and strong — and the enerev of a healthy heart means healthy hunger, let those who are vain with broken hearts rhyme as they will. She looked for a place where she might at least quench the fever of thirst, without having to plunge knee-deep in the mire, and at last came to a spot where the brook had been gathered into a deep artificial basin for eheep- washing, reached by stepping- etones, and running over into a more regular stream. She picked her way along the etones by the moonlight, and managed to kneel eo that she conld pnt her lips to the pool. Bnt it was hard to keep her balance, and the stone on which she knelt was half loose and rocked nnder her. In trying to steady herself she was forced «to use her hands, and the night- wind, which had jnst begun to rise, caught her hat and sent it swimming. She had not yet dreamed consciously of giving way. . But less things than the Iosb of a hat and feather have proved to : be last straws. It seemed M if the very wind was making a jest of her misery. No ; she would neverseethe kind, bright blue sky of her far-off home land again ; ehe would never reach Hershaw 1 she would never reach anywhere. It had once 6eemed so easy to go to sleep npon the snow ; to go to sleep upon the turf seemed terribly hard now. Love means life, after all. But it was even yet better to creep down along the stream than to sit down and watch it go by. So on she went — till even the stream deserted her and dis appeared with the moon. She crept under the lee of a high fence made of sods an d hurdles, and sat down to wait for the sod. And there Bhe fell asleep, and dreamed. It was a long dream. It seemed to last for a life — for an age ; and was like nothing bnt moonlight shadows blown about by the wind. And yet, at times, it was strangely real. The wind - took her and carried her over lands and seas that seemed strange to her even though it was a dream, and though in dreams ibw uiiuga are strange, it was as li sne had drunk enchanted water from tbe pool, or as if the fairies were abroad by moonlight on the downs. Presently she felt a baud holding hers strongly ; and whose should it be but hiB from whom she was flying, even though, to her at least, the grasp felt strong ? She dared not look into his eyes ; bnt she knew it was he, and an infinite content came over her. Bnt then a stray moonbeam be came Esther, eo filmy and transparent that her very soul conld be seen within her ; it was grotesquely like a snowball — round, white, and hard. Nor only eo ; it grew and gathered under Rose's eyes till the snowball became an avalanche that filled her with fear — and yet it was not for herself that she seemed afraid. With the convulsive strain of nightmare, she tried to reach out her free hand as if that would ward off the coming doom ; but the air be tween was like an elastic harrier that yielded only to force her hand back again. At last, by a supreme effort, and, ae she dreamed, with a stifled cry, she managed, with one finger tip, to touch the overwhelming enow-clood. Bnt one tonch was eoough ; the clond broke into a white flood of snow-flakes throngh which the wind drove Rose wildly on and on, alone or not alone, dreaming or waking, somewhither or nowhither — she flew too fast to teU. V. Bnt — after many years — the scene ah armed It was broad day, aad she was at last in sight of Hershaw. The spire lay straight before her, behind which, she knew, was the village inn. Her heart leaped np ; for the first step towards her life's end was over, and behind the inn lay nothing worse than the wild world. But, by a new caprice, her heart sank once more — the spire of Hershaw be came the spire of Craneleigh. Had she been wandering abont for years in that Devil's Circle, only to find herself back again at the edge of the very chalk quarry whence her journey had begun ? If so — nnreasoned ber dream — all thingB, even flight, were in vain : nothing was left for her bnt to sit down and yield and despair and die. She conld not free the downs again, with their trackless curves, their hopeless mazes, and the witches that held midnight Sabbath among them. All these years and ages of flight, and only Craneleigh spire again at the end 1 So she laid herself down and despaired and —died. It is a strange thing — Death in a dream. She did not cease to thiok, and she felt no pain. She only felt the breath of eternal peace, and an infinite gladness that winter was over and gone. She took Death by the hand, and said to him, in ber own tongue — It is as good to be here as anywhere, monseigneur! They may look long enongh before they find me now, and when one is dead one can't be in anybody's way any more, God be praised ! Yes ; I am out of the way now." And she turned to her sleep again — without any fear, this time, of being called too soon. 'She is not dead — thank God !' cried Michael, as closely ss if he were in tbe same tomb. Rose smiled in her long sleep. Not dead ? She knew better. Bnt it was pleasant to find that the sonls of the dead do not grow deaf all at once to earthly things. ' Thank God ?' echoed another voice ; bnt it did not tronble Rose: All space lay between her and Esther now. ' You here ? — Esther ?' exclaimed Michael. ' Hash ! If yon love her, do not wake her too soon. Yon have saved her — from me : she will not die now. Yes, I am here. Do yon think that I, who once fancied myself so near to you that we were only to have one heart and one soul, could let you go with injustice for my last gift aud a quarrel for our last word ? Surely we need not be enemies because we cannot be friends.' ' Heaven knows I am not your enemy, Esther. But Heaven knows you have right eoough to be mine.' 'I — to beyonr enemy becanse yon thought yon cared for me more than yon really cared ? . No, 1 have no right ; and I cannot afford to lose even the ghost of afdend. I am left so poor that for bare life's sake I 'must go out like a beggar in the streets, and pray for one kind thought on my kneea. Michael — do you know how1 yon have humbled me ? You have not even left me such a rag of pride as shame 1 Where else shonld I be but ham 1 Whuf. Imrf vnn loft: mn fat Hn hnf: """ » J — - — — - — to follow you on my knees ? If you had been forsworn with yonr heart as well as with your tongue, if you had wanted of me nothing but land and gold, if you had only been trading on my trust and laughing at tbe vanity that let yon trick me out of my very sonl, I must have followed you — because from you only could I have claimed one word that might help me to live as a debt dne to a dead dream. Do you think I did not love yon ? — that I conld give yon an empty hand without my whole eoul in it when I gave it at all ? Do yon remember what I made yon swear when I gave you my hand f — how I prayed yon not to touch it eveo noless yon knew, with your life, that you loved me always and only, in the way men love when they ; cannot change ? Men have loved so, they say. Women can love eo, I know. . . , , I did follow yon— on my knees: I. followed, you for all, if I could get jtrtl, tin any forawj sod if yon had only thrown me a word, I wonld have taken it as a beggar takes a crnst, hough it would have left me hungry ttilL ... It was not shame that kept me so far behind yon, but fear — of yon. I knew where yon were going : over the world to find Rose — and I wished that I had killed her. I had been tell ing myself that I conld feel nothing more — it was not true. I watched you till yon reached the downs. I saw you start, and bend down, and lift np something in yonr arms. I had no need of eyes to know that yon had fonnd Rose.' Esther — ' ' I did not fear she was dead. She has not lived yet : why should she die ! I could not help you bnt I followed slilL . . . . God forgive me, Michael ! I thought yon had shamed me enongh, bnt ehe has shamed me more than you— yea, ten thousand times more. She lives be cause she is etrong : so strong that, when she fancied Love gave her no right to come between ns two, she took her heart into her hands and carried it away into tbe night to find some hidden corn er where she might break it and throw it away and never think of it again. I gnessed that as I followed yon to this cottage : I know it now. She said more in her sleep than only ' God be praised.' . . . . I have loved yon, Michael, Heaven knows, if you do not know ; bnt I have not loved yon as she has. Love, to have rights, mnst be supreme. I have no right to one word, not even to a harsh one, while ehe is in the world. Love ! — I do not know what it means. Maybe yon know, and Rose knows. .... Hush ! She is waking now.' Rose did wake at first, faint and weak. She looked npon Esther, and was not afraid. She looked upon Michael, in whom she at least might trnst, and then closed her eyes once more to a daylight that was going to prove more sweet even than death had seemed In a dream. She wished to see, not with her eyes, bnt her heart, in ordsr that ehe might be lieve. 'Surely,' ehe thought, 'Esther conld not have loved him eo very much after all — she can bear to see that he cares for me.' Bnt Esther was not looking for thanke, even in thoaght. She lifted her rival's hand from the coverlet and placed it in ber sworn lover's : her own was as firm and as cool as 8 man's hand in a friend's. ' I deserve nothing,' said Michael, in a low tone, ' not even the hand of a friend.' 'Do yon think yourself so strong, then, as not to deserve wbat yon need? — Deserve Rose,' eaid Esther. 