HAY MUNICIPAL COUNCIL. Thtthsday. 14th .Tune, 1883. Present — The whole council. Tho minutes of the previous meeting woro read nnd confirmed. CORRliSroNDENOE. \- A petition wns received from 15 ratepayers on behalf of tlie Sistero of tho Presentation Order, Hay, and those interested in tho school under their chnrge, asking for permission to construct a footpath or .dropping between the wiekots oi tho Presbytery and church fences in Moppott Street. Somo conversa tion took plnco, nnd it was explained that the pre vious action of the council had not been antugonistic to tho church. It wns resolved that permission should be granted as asked. II. B. Luens, engineor, Adelaide, wrote stating that from a letter of tho Council Clerk to him it npponrefl he hnd not boon awnrded tho premium for gas phms owing to the fact of his being so far nway, hut his design wne the most completo. Mr Lucas urged that ho should have been awarded tho pre mium. It was resolved, on tho motion of Aider man Androw, seconded hy Alderman Lukcnmn, that the Council Clerk should reply that tho plans hud beon admired, but that tho promium had boon awarded to tho best designs. Tho hon. Secretary of tho Municipal Association of New South 'Wales wrote stating tho association would commcnco its sittings on tho 26tli instant. Socrired. Tho Clerk of tho Botanic Gardens, Sydney, wroto that suitable plants would bo allotted to Hay. It was decided that a fresh application bo made, pointing out that tho trees would require to bo planted at once. ThoUndor Socrotnry wrote thutllio Council's lottor which asked that tho pun closota might be substi tuted in liou of tho cosspits now in use at tho Hay Publie School, was under consideration. It was decided to have tlie pits emptied at once. Tho Departmont of Lands notified that tho Secre tary for Lands had 6et down tho sum of £150 for tl»«' j improvement of the reserves for recreation at Hay. j Tho Under Seo'etiry for Finance and Trade notified that £700 2s. 7d. had been placed to the ; credit of tho Council, being tho special grant. Mr G. O. Moriarty, Engineer in-chief, wroto as follows : — ' I do myself the honour to acknowledge tho recoipt of your lottor of the 7th April, in wliUh I you nsk mo to rocominend tho loan of funds from tho Treasury to onablo you to pay for your waterworks, and to further extend them, and, in reply, bog to inform you that thero is evidently a misappre hension as to what took placo at tho interview with your predecessor (Alderman Lakoman) which you rofer to in your communicat ion, as woll as tho scopc of tho Act, 44 Vict;., No; 14. That Act does not contemplate, as it appears to mc, tho loan of the Government money to etiablo corporations to carry out such works as aro tho subject of that legislation ; but it does give pover to tho Government to authorisothc is^uo by corporations of debenture* to enablo them to do so, an?l in caso of dofault of such I corporations to meet their obligation-, thercundor guarantees tho dobenturo holders from losa from the Public Chest, thus onabling corporations to negotiate loans on very favorablo terms. Boforo thw part of tho Act can bo put into operation, the Govornmont has to approve ot tho plans for such works. In your ease tho plans were submitted, and it was only with great regret that, acting on tho report of my officer who had inspected your works, I was compelled to adviso tho Government not to take any responsibility in tho matter, becauso ho reported that they woro not sufficiently substantial to justify it, liowover well tho works might meet your present and perhaps iminodittto futuro requirements. Understanding, liowover, from your late Mayor that your Council proposed somo improvements and additions to your works, I oxprcssed ray willingness when they woro laid beforo me to reconsider tho matter. 1 should, thorofore, strongly rccommend you to submit, your amended plans to tho Minister for Works, nnd whon they aro forwarded to mo I will carefully consider them, but I mmt remind you that the whole decision of the caso rests with him and not with mo.' Alderman Lakeman said that ho romcraborod dis tinctly Mr Moriarty having promised to recommend tho loan, and Mr. Wilkinson, who was present, would i also remembor what took phi'jo. JIo understood I tlmt this promise was inado in consequence of tho ! favorablo report given by Mr Parley, who had then ; recently inspected the works. In the course of con- | versation it was agreed that the best way would be to : chooae a suitable time for a donutntion to wait upon tho Minister and ask for a special grant of .£5 500 to be placed on tho estimates; and on tho motion of Alderman Andrew, seconded' by Alderman Bent, it was resolved to make an abstract of all documents relating to tho works. A Jotter from T. C. Ncaves was read asking to bo employed in laying out tho park. It was resolved that tiio Council inform tho applicant that they woro not prepared to lay out the park, and when laid out tenders for tho work would be called for. Letters complaining of tho conditiou of Soiling Street woro received from Mrs E^plin and Messrs Robertson and Wagner. It was decided that the com plaints should bo attended to. A letter from Messrs Gordon and Gordon was read stating t hat they were prepared to inako out tho speci fications for tho gasworks for tho premium of £25, and Bupeivlee the brickwork daily for £200, inclusive of travelling and other expenses. It was decidcd.to getthem to make out tho specifications, and to write the firm it was too soon to take tho second matter into consideration. Aiottur iromcno Under secretary, x/eparcmonD or Mines wns rend, stating tliut before tho deportment surveyed streets for alignment, it was necessary to show that they woro required tor tho public con venience, that they had been properly dodicuted, and substantial alignment ports provided. T.'ie matter was postponed to next meeting. An application from James O'Brien for water to bo laid to his house in Waradgery-street was granted at 50a per annum. An application from II. Sorrensonjfor permission to carry rain-water into the gutter facing his hotel was granted. ACC0UNT3. Tho following accounts woro passed for payment : — Sydney Morning llorald' advertisement, £l ; William Travis, sundries, £1 12s lid ; Moakos and 5Tay, 14s Od j Clifford and McKenzio, shooing horse, 9j ; F. Cherry; drugs for hori»o, 7s 6d ; Wright, Hcaton and Co., freight, £42 7s 4d ; fJ?. Duggan cab liiro, 18s 4d j J. Uartlett, cab hire, 13s ; Mason Bros., wotor pipes, £92 12s 5d ; Georgo Harding, day laborer, £4 6s 6d ; L. Lo Clere. cemetery, £3. lotal. £H8 is id. RRPOET. Qhe Mayor reported that lio had received vouchors for signnture from the Roads and Bridge?, Dopartment for tho sum of £977 5s 9 1, boing tho unexpended balauco of tolls at the Hny Bridge, to oo applied to improvements lo tho road leading to fcho bridge. OBKRBAL BU3ISBS3. Alderman Lakoman moved and Alderman Bent witch seconded — That tho Works Committee bo em powered to engage men for rjpatrs. This was carriod. Alderman Lakoman moved an I Alderman Bent witch seconded — That fresh applications be invited from persons to bo herdsmen of tho commons at a salary of £150 per annum, and thnt specifications of dutio3 bo prepared by Aldermen Andrew and Bent. Carried. Tenders were received for drainage in Belmore and Bunk streets, but fresh tenders were ordered to be cnlbd, those received boinir too high. Seven applications for right to graze Jono cow e icli in the Park were received from seven ratepayers. These were granted and three moro application* will bo allowed at a futuro meeting of tho Council. After an adjournment from 0 to 7*30 p.m. tho Council resumed, nil th'c Aldermen being proseut. After some discuesion. it w;n decided to prepare plans ami specifications of certain improvements ro solvod upon in tho Park. Tho nppplications for tho ofilco of Clerk and Sur veyor Wero opono'l. Thoy numborod 54, and a gro it many wore from most efilciont gentlemen, nnd tho whole evoning was spont in reading them. No deo vision wa8 nrrivod ai. I|io Council adjournod at 10.15 to noxt even ng (^riday.) Tho Council met on Friday night ut eight o'clock to deoido upon tho applications for tho ofilco of Council Clork, for which there woro 54 applications. After carefully going ovor these, -three were selected from which to choose an officer to fulfil the duties of clerk and engineer, tho first on tho list to bo tolo graphed to tliis day. Tho Council adjourned at|ton o'clock. Tjie nominations for tho three now seats at tho Council table toolc place on Thursday and resulted in an unprccodontedly largo number of candidate? nccopting. Tho list is as fo'lows:— Mr Hewit?on, Dr Harvey, Mr G. H. Harrison, Mr Nowton, Mr H. L. Lindsay, Mr J. H. Pollard, Dr. Casey, Mr F. Cherry, Mr Richard Chambers, Mr Hans Sorenson, Mr S. MoLauchlan, Mr T. E. Blowett, and Mr H. B. Broughton, thirteen in all. Somo of these gentlemen will probably retire the day be fore tho polling day, tho 2lst inst., but it u evident thoro will bo plenty of good mon for tho ratepayers to choose from, a mattor for general con gratulation. It is import-tint that those who intond to go to the poll should address tho ratepayers oithor hy meeting or otherwise, so as to onablo a decision to be como to. A person who goes into the Council without giving his views to tho ratepayers is unpledged nnd becomes nn alderman merely to represent hijnsolf or his particular friends. It is to be hoped therefore there will bo a clear exposition of tho views held by candidates, so as to onablo the rat epayers to decido nnd to elect tho best mon. Wo understand Dr. Casey intends to withdraw. At the Hay Police Court on Thursday boforo Mr Penrcn P.M.', Mary Ann Mathioson was charged with vagrancy nnd not having any lawful means of support. It' appeared tho accused had been living a dissoluto and intemperate life residing in a tont in tho police paddock. Tho Bench sentenced accused to one month's imprisonment with hard labour in Huy Gaol. On Friday, boforo Mosn-s Poarco and Lumsdaine, Loe Sim sued 11 u fin Davis for £1 8s 6d wages. Verdict was givon for tho amount. The Lachlan Pastoral and Agricultural Associa tion, whoso houl quivtora aro at Hillston havo re solved to hold their t hird Annual Exhibition in that town on tho 2nd of August. In noxt issue wo will be able to givo moro information. Two rings arrivod hore on Tuesday fromEchuca for identification, havirg beon pawned at that plnco. Ono of theso rings, a ohasod gold keeper, Inis boon satisfactorily identifiul as belonging to Mr Wilcombc, and conBeqaontly the persons who pawned the jewellery wero tho robbers or the i-nnolrnM. not; nnlv of tho iowellerv stolon from tho Maror'tf but of other lots. Prior to tho robbery in Mopnett-st.reot it will bo remembered that several j -wollery robberies wero committor}, lodgers at the Court Ilnu-o and Commercial Hotels Buffering. liUMOHR of all kinds aro in eircula'ion about coursing mnt!er«, innnv of wi-iohitis inadvisable to givo. It wns stated in town on Friday that a roplv lmd beon received from the Australian Co urg ing blub, orthogi.-tof their decision obtained and that it was to tho offoot that] tho ooursing was illegal from tho Wednesday and would havo to bo run over afresh or elso tho nominations should be re turned with tho consent of tho ownors of tho dogs who rati on tho Queen's Birthday. T'»o hon. socretary, Mr Willstnor informs us no reply has beon received from tho A.C.C. It is tho intention of tho Oddfellows to givo a promonado shilling concert at the Academy of Music at nn early date, with a viow to recoup tho lodge for tho loss rojently sustained by the Gala. Thero is lit' Io doubt it will bo a monstor success — tho Oddfollows deserve that. Tho matter has been placed in the hands of Mr Markliam who lias kindly taken the management in hand and who in vites tho assistance of tho ludy and gontlomon amateurs of Hay, always so ready to render their scrvicos. Mr King gives tho Acadomy free for th0 night. No selections woro taken up at tho Hay Crown Lands Ofilco on Thursday last. A coiikesI'ondknt writes:— Tho owners ol tho many coursing dogs that now infest Hny and render night hideous might turn them to account by hunting the lamous kangaroo known as tho Kornr bury Ghost, after the lambing season. Tho Kcrar bury Ghost is a vory Wgo kangaroo, milkwhito in color, oxcept tho tip of tho tail which is black, nnd which ho has shown successfully to tho dogs for about seven years, and £20 is offered for hii scalp. A venturesome follow* some timo since wont out after tho ' Gho?t' with fivo or nix (logs at his heels but failed to seo him, and had to return half starved. However he swears to havo another try when dogs are allowed, after tho lambing. Oil Wednesday two deaths occurred at tho Mark Treo Point from typhoid fever which appoars to be much moro prevalent in this district than is generally known. During tho past month or two the resident doctors have dealt with a groat nurabor of casos but tho only fatal ones wero thoso at tho Mark Treo Point, ono in tho Gaol and ono in tho Hospit »l. On tin fourth page will bo found ' Tho Darling' '? Tho IrMi Convention' tho Hay Polico and Licensing Court h,' Proposed Pastoralist's Club' and the epitome of news. The Kcv. Lather Kiely will celebrato mass in tho Catholic Church to- morrow, Sundny Juno 17th. Mil. C. Allison returned (to Hay this week and conducted tho business at tho Council meeting on Thursday. Mr Allison will remain till about tho ond of tlio month, whon ho finally leaves Hay to tako up his position permanently as Council Clork at Wilcannia. Wednesday tlio 20th June, has boon gazetted a public holiday at Wentworth. Mb Ranald 1). G. Maephorson has beon ap pointed Electric Telegraph mcssongor at Wil cannia. Pre-emptive loaves havo been granted to tho fol lowing porsons of tho areas givon: — C. B. Fisher Balranald, 150 acres, rent £'; Robert Clements! Bourke, 300 acres £1; Patrick Malloy, Forbes, 1920 acres, £ri, William Walker, junr, Gunbar, 1920 acre« £6; Samuel Nixon, Gunbnr, 1287 acres. £4 0s 6tl; Matilda Nixon, 1^87 acros, £tOs 6dj Whittiugham Bros, Mosigiel, 1920 ncros, £6, 675 acrcs, £2 2s 3d 960 acres, £3, and 960 acres £3; Robert Tullv. Walkimng.i, Wentworth, 80,4S3,4't0 and 7(»8 acres at £1, £1 10s 3d, £L 8s 2d, and £2 8s respectively. Tiinoxch.ingo of bites between the Athenreum and polico authorities has attracted somo littlo attontion and quostions aro boing raisod as to whothor tho Atheiifcum will ultimately benefit. It would ho well for tho subscribers and thoso who aro interested in tho Atheiucum — and -who that has tho moral and intolloctual progress of the town nt heart is not—to look vory carefully into tho proposal, -which will not ho found to bo so rosy as it appears on a first glance. Thesito of tho Polico Court is no doubt oxcollont and' just tho place for such an institution as tho Athemeum, hut tho building docs not possess such a hall as tho institution demands, and which would he no jnconsidorahlo sourco of rovonuo. Tho aroa available is not largo enough for tho purposos of such an institution as everyone liopos tho Hay Athonreum will become. . Probably only an eighth of an aero will bo exchanged for a full ;acro, on which tlio Athemeum could build a fine hall, reading rooms and offices. It is tobohopod tho mattor will bo considered in all its aspects boforo tho final and irrrovocablo stop will bo taken. The Polico Magistrate has mado a call of tho local magistracy for Tuesday, July 3rd, to considor a lottor from tho Hay Athemeum Committeo in ro the oxchange of sitos between tho Crown Law authorities and that committoe. The meeting tnkesplaco at noon. The Albury Demonstration to colebrato tho junction of tho Victoria and New South Wales eastern railways took placo on tho 14th and was a success. Thoro was an enormous crowd in Albury and at tho stations. Our telegram statosit was thofmost succcssful gather ing of tho kind that has takon placo in tho colonies. Tho banqueting hall was illuminated hy 200 electric lights, shaded with red, whito, and blue glass, making a brilliant ensemble. Lord Loftus said in his spooch this would bo tho beginning of a now ora and the moans of bringing about moro perfect harmony between tho colonies. Lord Normanby boliovod it would ultimatclylead tofedcration. Tho Hon. John Douglas of Queensland said this was tho most re presentative assomblago ovor gathored in Australia. Mr Stuart, our Promior, advocated broth orlv rivalry. MrSorvico, tho Victorian Promior, said tho ovont r'o mindod him of a Scripturo ineidont; Victoria had as much as said 'I will ariso and go unto my motlior.' Thoy wanted fodoration, they wanted it at onco; ho hoped to soo it boforo ho died. His Govornmont was de termined at an early moment to ask what obstaclos woro in tho way. It was better to try to bring about fodoration and to fail thnn not to try at all. Mr Sorrico was tho boldest speaker at tho banquet. Mr Borry said if Victoria woro mot in a fair spirit hy Now South Walos it would not bo long boforo federation would bean accomplished fact. Tho public press was tho only obstacle. Messrs Ireland and 'Barry's Dramatic Company oponed yesterday ovoning at tho Acadomy of Music for a short kciuti. Tho curtain was laised before & vory good audionce, tho piece .selected boing Byron's Comody 11 OurBovs.' Talbot Champneys and Charles Middlowick woro oxcoedingly well acted b\\* Mossrs G. R. Ireland and Dan 13arrv, while tho contrast botwoon thoI3aronot?and rotirod Buttonnau was characteris tically rondorod by Messrs Soarlo and Ilorbort. Miss Kato Vinson as the Poor Cousin displayed great ability and was well supported bv tho othor ladies of tho company. To-night tho Company will produce tho colobratod sensational drama Arrah-nn-Poguo. Thisdrnmaby Bouoicault presents agraphia picturo of lifo in Ireland, and gives amnio scope to tho company to display thoir histrionic abilities, bo-ddo-* boing of a vory popular oharactor. As numoruus songs will bo givon, a very pleasant ovoning may bo anticipated. On Monday tho company will 'rondor tho Lady of Lyons with Mr Ireland in his great part of Claudo iuclnotte, and on Tuesday a now dramatisation of Miss Braddon's popular novel ''Aurora Fiord,' will bo prosented. Elsewhere will bo found an advertisement by Messrs J. P. Baxter and Co., who announce thoy becrin thi* day to sell off their large stn-»k for canh. TheSv\L Herald lis ocouionally funny without moaning it. Commenting on tho proposod Queonp— land transcontinental railway it sayi tho Svndioate'' lino, when tho New South Walos railway U eacried on from BourJro to the Queensland border at Charle* villo, will be tho last link in tho chain botwoon Hobson's Bay nnd tho Gulf of Carpentaria, ns thoro is continuous railway communication from Nvngan to Melbourno. But what a crooked ohninj Mol- biurnejto' Albury 187 miles; Albury to Sydnev, 380 miles, Sydney back to Nyngan 377' miles, in all 940 miles. The Horuld has no idea of a direct line, via Hav, about ono-half tho di«tanco. Of ovir** not. , ZUKEtiTOFT has won the first pviz* in tho groat London Chosa Tournamont, beating tho world. Mrs Brown, onco owner of t'»o Rook station. Hanging Rock, Wugga district, bus died, agod 77 years. An Intercolonial Juvenilo Industrial Exhibition U advertise to bo ''old at tho closo of tho yoar in i Parramattd. Thn«o n-riiibit-inna success in Australia, and do much good in fostering a tasto for Industry and art among onr youth. The M'niator of Mines advortisos, warning timber cutters and Gown lessoes not to cut down Kurrnpng trees. In timo of drought it allowable to lop tho lighter brinclifli. Tho Minister also advorthas in regard to rabbits. ^ An Ohing, a Chinese cook on boird tho bArquo hndymion, at Newcastle, after an opium bout por« formod hari kari, and diod ahnos'- instantly from in ternal homoerrhago. Tits Roads Enginior advertises fot* fresh tenders f.)r a tank 15 miles south of Kilfora. A MEKTrNG of tho Riverine Courting Club wi'l bo h 1 at the Ci-e l - i \ H on T'liiraltitf ovoning next. ^Mu^FiMnk Wvburd ehillo anv nersoi to eknto ; 45 minutad against hid wilking for ono hour, for I £10 aside, ' I 