V.R.O. GRAND NATIONAL STEEPLECHASE. LBy Telegraph. J Melbourne. July 22. The Grand National Meeting of thev,R.C, took place on Saturday at Flemington. The weather was splendid and there was a large attendance in consequence. The Governor and suite were present throughout the day. . The pleasure of the sport was .marred by an accident which occurred in the Grand National Steeplechase resulting in the death of Mclnnes, jockey of Chrysalis. The- mare . fell at the stone wall near the abattoirs the second time round, and Australian Count fell over her. Mclnnes was fearfully crushed and died shortlyafter the occurrence. In the Selling Hurdle Race Sunlight passed the post first, but as he could not weigh in was dis qualified, and the race was awarded to Wild . Harry who came in second. GRAND NATIONAL HURDLES. Of 10 soys, each, with 300 added. About three miles. ;: • Dizzy, 9 st. 4 lbs. (Batty) „ .. « • „ 1' Bbestis, 11 st. 9 lbs. (King) ... „ 2 Basilisk, lost. 2 lbs. (Cree) „ „ ..3 The other starters were—Lothair, 12 st. 9 lbs.; Triplet, 10 st. 12 lbs.; Prospect, 10 st. 2 lbs.; Barwon, 10 st. 2 lbs.; and Spark, 9 st. 13 lb3. Betting—7 to 4 against Prospect, 4 to. r- Spark, 5 to 1 Dizzy, 6 to .1 Lothair, 10 tol each Bhesus, Barwon, and Basilisk. The favorite was off first, ancfled to the river, when Spark rnshed to the front and passed the bridge, followed by Basilisk, Prospect, Bhesns, Triplet, Dizzy, Barwon, and Lothair last ten lengths away.. Spark increased Ms lead, and at the sheds was four lengths in front of Basilisk, who w&3 just clear of Prospect, the positions of the others not being materially altered. The stand was passed by Spark palling doable, just ahead of Prospect and Basilisk, the, others all together, Lothair still last. At the back Bhesns went up into second place and Barwon dropped hack last. Lothair taking fifth position. Basilisk came at the abattoirs and raced Spark-to wards home. At the turn the grand field was closing np, the favorite occupying a prominent position. Bhesns now came with a rush and led Lothair and Basilisk into the straight. Triplet, Dizzy, and Pros pect being close behind. The first three horses raced to the carriage paddock, when Dizzy shot to the front and came in an easy winner by three lengths from Bhesns, Basilisk was third four lengths away, then came Lothair. Triplet; Spark, Prospect, and Barwon. Time, 5 min. 48J sec. r . MAIDEN HURDLES. • ' About two miles. The Joker, 9 st 9 lbs. (Batty) v. — .. J Bella Brandon, 10 st. 3 lbs. (Uree) .. 2 Ontario,9st. 12lbs.(Corrigan) .. .. 3 Other starters—Lottie, 10 st. 10 lbs.; Tattler, 10 st 3 lbs.; and Sinking Fund, 9 st. 7 lbs. Betting— 5 to 4 on Ontario, 3 tol against Joker, 5 to 1 B6lle Brandon. Ontario was the first away, but was soon displaced by Lottie, who negociated the first obstacle in front of the favorite who was followed by Sinking - Fund, Belle Brandon,.and Tattler last Little alteration was noticed till passing the stand, when Sinking Fund came to the ' front and led to the turn, Iwhere he was • replaced by Tattler, who, however, shortly afterwards dropped hack last. At the bridge Lottie headed Bell Brandon and Ontario. The latter now dropped back last, and Joker Smeup to second place. The pace, which had been slow, now improved, and at the abbatoirs Tattler made the rnnning, followed Uy Lottie and Joker. At the sheds the favorite began to thread his way to the leaders, and Joker alsd mended his pace. The latter led into the straight and landed the race rather easily by a length ana a half, BellBrandon heating Ontario for second place by font lengths, Tattler close behind Ontario, then Sinking Fnnd; and Lottie last. Time, 4 min. 35 sec. BIAIDEN STEEPLECHASE. About two and a quarter miles. - Shamrock, list. 9 lbs. (Cree) - «. — ... 1 Speculator, 10 st. 9 lbs. (Ashton) .. .. —2 \- Hope, 10 st. 9 lbs. (Kilduff) .. .. 8 Glenara, list. 12lbs.. Hart Boyal, list. 9lbs., Hailstorm, 11 st. 5 lbs., also started. Betting—2 to 1 agst Hope, 3 Glenara, 4 Specu lator, ana 6 Shamrock. A good start was effected, Shamrock, Glenara, ard Hepe getting the best of it. The first fence was jumped Dy Speculator just ahead of Shamrock; all the others baulked. Hailstorm was over the nest, followed by Hope and Hart Boyal; Glenara, however, baulked persistently. Speculator ana' ' .Shamrock had by tnis time a great lead of Hail stoim and Hope; Hart Boyal meanwhile coming to . grief at the sheds near the abattoirs, where Sham rock led Speculator, Hailstorm improving his position;:at the turn he ran into second position, but came down at the fence; bnt was quickly remounted. Theiace was now virtually over, Sham Tcck kept in front of Speculator, and won easily, Hope being a bad third. Time, 6 min. 10 sec. GRAND NATIONAL STEEPLECHASE. Of 15 sovs. each, with 400 sovs. added. About : three miles. Blackthorn, 10 st. 12 lb3. (Kilduff) ,. « - 1 Sailor, 10 st. 10 lbs. (McGowan) _ ■ - — 2 Black Jacket, 10 st. 3 lbs. (King) .. .. 3 Other starters—Trumpeter, 12 st.; Yaulter, li st. 6 lbs.; Harper."Thompson, 11 st.4 lbs.; Chrysalis, 10 st. 10 lbs. ; Obadiab.10 st. 7 lb3.; Lizette, 10 st.; Australian Court,- 9 st. 9 lbs.; Mariner, 9 st. 7 lbs. ' Betting— 5 to 2 against Sailor, 5 to 1 lizette and ■ Australian Court; 100 to 15 Chrysalis and Obadiab; 10 to 1 Blackthorn. Obadiah went to the front at fall of the flag, but quickly gave place to Lizette, who led past the stand, followed by Australian Court, Obadiah, Sailor, Black Jacket, Mariner, Trumpeter, Black thorn, Chrysalis, and Yaulter last. Much the same was-:order maintained over the first two' fence*, bnt at the first of the trebles near thabridge Lizette came down, and Sailor took the lead, fol lowed by Trumpeter and Blackthorn. Australian Court was leading at the turn entering the straight, but Blackthorn again assumed the premier position, • and was first over the trebles, at the second of which Yaulter came down, but was quickly remounted.' The sod wait in front of the stantrwas negotiated by Blackthorn, followed by Sailor and Trumpeter, then Black Jacket, Anstralian Court, Chrysalis, and Mariner, and Sailor took the lead at the turn, which he maintained until Blackthorn displaced him at the back, Chrysalis being third, just ahead of Australian Contt, Harper-Thompson being away from the others. At the stone wall near she abbatoira Chry salis came down, and Australian Court fell also. Blackthorn going easily led over the last jump, and came into the straight just ahead of Black Jacket, Trumpeter, and Sailor. In the race home Black thorn had it all his own way, and won comfortably by three lengths from Sailor, Black Jacket being third four lengths away ; Trumpeter was fifth, and 100 yards from home came Harper-Thompson. Time, 7 min. 17J sec. SELLING HURDLES, Two miles. Sunlight, S st. 9 lbs. (Ferguson) disqualified .» i' "Wild Harry, 8 st. 9lbs. (Carey) .. , « .. 2 Black Prince, 8st. 9 lbs. (Kilby) .. — — 3 Other starters—Black Prince and Springfield. ■ Betting—5 to 1 against Sunlight, 3 to 1 Wild Harry and Black Prince, S Stormbird. Stormbiid, Black Prince and Wild Harry were In foremost' positions round to the turn into the straight, when Sunlight joined them. A good : race ensued between,the four,. Sunlight eventually coming in two.lengths ahead of Wild Harry, Storm bird being 3rd, Black Prince 4th Time, 3 min. 601 sees. As Sunlight conld not draw the scale he was disqualified, and Wild Harry declared the winner, who was sold for 500 guineas. . FLAT RACE. r • One mile. Virago, 7 st. 8 lbs. (McGowan) .. . .. — 1 BcnnleEee, 8 at. 4 lbs. (Hales) .. «. 2 The Ghost, 9 st. 12 lbs. (Bailey) ..3 Mclnnes, the jockey of Chrysalis in the Grand National Steeple, was killed through bis horse . falling on him. Other starters—Transferred, AUander, Verdure, Contessina,- Anglesea, Coreena, Westbury, Turret- N field, Tumult, Josephine, Castaway, Forlorn, Tanta liser, Mary, Mistake, Zephyr, Omelette, Booftree, Flash of Lightning, L'Africaine, Sinking Fond. Betting—5 to 2 against Transferred, 7 Allander, 8 Bonny Bee. Bonny Bee, attended by Transferred, Mary, Virago, Westbury, and Mistake, led into the straight, and a good race ensued at the distance, Virago eventually winning by a length from Bonnie Bee, the Ghost a good third, and Mistake fourth. Time, 1 min. 45 sec. * : 