fel' kmIIiIiii! iiiillilliiltillllliiillili'iiiii'iiiHinii11!11!': ;ii„: iiiiiliilliliiliiiiiiii" i7|Tj| I i BlisilillKIIIHtllllkllllHllllinilUlittlllllHIIIilHilllllilllilllilllLlh'i'liiilllllHII'imi'Httlllll ''lllt'ililllllllttlHIl Alii UP THEJVAIKATO. By Atha. Chapter T. — Floxy. was quite unnecessary for the worthy Dr. Cranium, P.P., of bump reading notoriety, to elevate his shaggy eyebrows after he had run his fingers over certain portions of my head, to in- form me that I had the proclivities ot the vaga bond strongly developed. The information was not needed, inasmuch as I knew I was, ana had been from my cradle, a oareless, rambling Bohemian, with a light purse, and a lighter heart, anil with a tnorougn natrea or anyining in me " shape of work. Civilization had not one charm forme, beyond the amusement it afforded me to observe its hypocrisy and shams, with all the hosts of small vices in its train, such as cheating and lying, and smiling, and hating while it smiles. My readers uxust not conclude that I am imbued with misanthropic sentiments, because 1 am plain of speech. I love my kind, and nothing affords me so much real pleasure as to listen to my fellow-creatures praising each other behind their backs. Some of the pleasantest moments of my life have been passed in witnessing the goodwill exhibited between man and man, and woman and woman, especially if- Jones is fortunate enough to give his wife a better bonnet than Brown. Church- time is a good opportunity for that sort of Christian charity- r-or about the time when the service is over. Lord love you, your fingers must be pretty horny to stand all the pressure of goodfellowship, and L guess your back much more horny if it. bear all the good- natured things put thereon when you are out of ear shot. But I am digressing. Sitting here in the cosy parlor of the " Black Swan " Hotel, on the Crescent, Auckland, New Zealand, I, Frank Leigh, feel that I am indeed a rover, as untiring and as restless as the wandering Jew. I have done the grand tour of the known world, and have pulled up here at the Antipodes for a spell. On the opposite side to that on which I am seated there is a large mirror, which reflects a tall, muscular young fellow of eight-and- twenty, face oval, and darkly tanned ; eyes brown, keen, aud honest in expression ; brow bold, and open, with just two furrowed lines upon its smooth surface ; hair dark, and inclined to curl, with a fair-sized beard. Such am I, as I look at myself in the mirror on this November night, 18 . In the fire, which blazes and crackles in the grate be fore me, I can see again many faces that have come and gone during my wanderings. Now it is a black coun tenance, anon a white one, which instantly changes again to a color neither black nor white — that looks at me from the coals ; while domes, steeples, pagodas, temples, mountains, and landscape come and go be tween. " If ye plaze, what time are we to start in the morn ing. Eh ?" The individual who presented himself and interrupted my reverie with the above interrogative was not a hand some fellow by any means. Pictu.e to yourself a low- sized youth about sixteen, with a skin the color of maogany, and a head that would have graced a giant, if the appendage of a thick mop of unkempt wool upon it could be accounted a recommendation. Tnis gentle- man, who assumed to the rehned nom ae plume ot ' Floxy,' was none other than a reprobate half-caste Maon lad, who had learned to ape the vices of the Pakeha without attempting their virtues. Floxy, otherwise Hapo Tuki, had a devil-may- care boy l'rom the Emerald isle for his Padre , his mother being a Maori woman. How poor Floxy came into the world none could say ; but one thing is certain, viz., that Barnej McBlatherigan (the aforesaid Padre) brought the wee, coffee-colored bundle of humanity home to his hut on the Waikato, and here, amid choice language and whisky tippling, the half blood was nursed until ho was able to run about and scratch for himself. Floxy learned two things while beneath the paternal r00f — to drink like a fish, and to speak in the richest of brogues. Of course there was a certain dignity about the lad, but when he did unbend, au'cohiescended to open up a conversation, it appeared the strai/?est of all strange things to listen to the dusky rascal chattering in true Irish pathos, and with a tongue that a Dublin Jackeen might have envied. For a consideration Floxy, who, by-the-way, was well acquainted with every Maori settlement in the Waikato country, had agreed to become my guide and servant on a tour I had decided to make among some of the more important tribes of the Maori race. The " considera<- tion" consist d of five pound s, one suit of blue serge, v and a bouble-barreled gun. For these articles Floxy had bound himself to serve m s for twelve months, with the understanding that I alio ved him a pint of whisky and some " tobaccy " every week, when procurable, dur ing the term. The half-caste had one quality which shone conspicu ously above his other attributes, and that was impu dence. No doubt the boy inherited that from his father, and I am of opinion that if Floxy had imbibed nothing worse frome the same quarter, it had been well for him. Turning to look at the rogue, as he stood in the open doorway with a grin on his dark face, I could not help wishing that his wardrobe had been in keeping with his effrontery. A female's hat, without the ghost of a show of ribbon, in shape a mushroom, graced his head ; while a well-ventilated coat and trousers, which originally had been made for some person of three times the guide's build, clung to him for bare life. " Did ye hear what I axed yez ?" " Of course." Well, it's waitin' I am." " Waiting ; for what?" "To be ' tould whin we are to sthart," cried Floxy, taking off his hat and rubbing his flax. " Bother you, I've told you twenty times already. Now, be off, and shut the door." The half-cast obeyed, but the next moment his un couth profile appeared again at the open doorway. " Kur." ' " What is it ?'.' " Shure there's an ould friend down stairs that hasn't set an eye on me these, three years before to-day. Per haps it wouldn't be convayniant for ye to advance me the first o' one o' them pints of whisky which ye promised, sur." " No, it is not convenient, Floxy." " Then the d -1 a toe will I budge wid ye, mark that ?" replied the monkey, boldly. I felt inclined to hurl the decanter at him, but thought better of it, and gave him the contents instead. I was not certain I had done a wise thing in indu'ging the de basing propensity of my quandam friend on the eve of our journey. In the morning, however, the young imp was stirring betimes. Before the sun began to gild the peak of the Great Barrier seaward, the horses were saddled, and having settled my bill, I bade adieu to the buxom hostess of the " Swan." The New Zealanders style themselves Maories, and consider all other races as far beneath them. Whether the word Maori may be derived from the root uri (dark) or considered synonymous with moor (negro), I leave others to determine. With the natives Maori simply signifies indigenous, or peculiar to New Zealand. The origin of the Maories is shrouded in profound obscurity. Mysterious legends and traditions seem to convey vague historical reminiscences. Their history of the creation of New Zealand is given in the form of a legend by one Te Papa, a fisherman, corresponding well with the notions of the people whose abode is sur rounded by the sea, and whose chief occupation was fishing. The natives call the Northern Island " Te Ika Mani," the fish of Mani. Mani, according to their traditions, is a hero — the very Hercules of their myth ology. who achieved manv wonderful exploits. He was their first instructor in boat and whare building. The inventor of the art of twisting flax into cords and snares ; he killed the sea monster Tuarua ; he is lord of fire and water, and likewise of air and sky. To Mani is due the honor of fishing up the land out of the ocean, hence its name the fish of Mani. The hook, on this occasion, was the jawbone of one of his ancestors. The fish was hardly above the water before the brothers of Mani fell upon it to cut it up. Thence originated the mountains, and valleys, and all the irregu larities on the surface of the country. Strange to say, the outlines of the North Tsland actually resemble the form of a fish, and the Maoris even designate the localities corresponding with the re spective parts of th»» fish. The southern portion is the head ; the north-western part the tail ; Gape Egmont the back fin. East Cape the lower fin. Wanganui they say, is the salt-water eye of the fish ; Wariaropa the sweet-water eye ; Ringorongo is the upper gill ; Te Rimurapa the lower gill ; the active volcano, Ton- gararo, with Tape Jarpo at its base, form the stomach and belly of the fish. This was certainly an interesting proof of the correct knowledge the Maoris had arrived at regarding the island, long before its outlines were represented on a map. Crossing the narrow isthmus between Onehunga and Otahuhu, I struck out on the Great Southern Road, now the great, high way of the interior, then extending little further than Drury, a small township about thirty miles from the city. Of course there was an extensive trade carried on upon the broad bosom of the noble Wiakato River, which is navigable for several hundred miles ; but the settlements of the Pakeha did not ex tend beyond the Papakuri Range. The King Chief, William Thompson, had fixed the limit of the white man's land to this spot, and had issued the mandate "so far shalt thou go, and no further." Beyond the Range there, was no vestige of road. Instead of the cosy farms, the fenced meadows, with cattle grazing therein, and the cultivated squares of green and brown, that had met our gaze on the other side, there was nothing now around us but a wild and vast panorama of hill and vale, and mountain, thickly strewn with trackless forests of giant Kauri pines, which made the light . above almost darkness to us beneath their towering heads. . In other parts of the world 1 had made most of my jouvneyings by rail, or steamboat, but I soon discovered that', a trip up the Waikato meant toil and hardship of no tight' order. Paths practicable for horsemen were not many on the other side of Papakuri. Indeed, the difficulties arising from the nature of the country to be travelled had been mentioned by the guide, who told. me plainly that the horses would be a hindrance rather than a help. This I discovered to be correct ere we had gone a score of miles from Drury. The narrow paths of the Maori led over hills and mountains in steep ascent and descent, rarely in the valleys, nearly always along the. ridges, honeycombed with holes and loose boulders. Acting on the advice of Floxy, who proved a very ex cellent guide, I bartered the nags for a stout canoe from some natives at Kiki, and took to the river as the better mode of travel. I had decided to pay my first visit to his Maori Majesty, King Potama II., at Mangartouata, the capital of the numerous Waikato Tribes. From Kiki the distance was only forty- one miles, so we pushed on that day and part of the night in hopes of reaching the Maori Metropolis the following evening. Chapter II. — The Prime Minister. Potatua II., King of all the Maoris, selected Te Raupa as the Metropolis, and the future capital of the Northern Island. The royal residence, a spacious hut, built in the most approved style of native architecture, and surmounted by a tall flagpole, was situated upon the highest point of a broad arm of the noble river, one hundred miles west of the City of Auckland. The Maori city lay further down in a green valley, and con sisted of about two score large whares in straggling lines, with smaller ones between, and covering a space of about forty acres. The pennant of His Majesty had a centre piece of white, surrounded by a broad crimson border ; on the white there was a blue cross, beside the inscrip tion, " Nuitireue," and three diamond-shaped figures. In front of the palace a warrior, armed cap a pie, stalked to and fro after the manner of the Guard sentinels at Windsor. A more lovely spot could not have been selected in the whole of New Zealand than this same Hapu, or dwell ing-place of the Majesty of Maoriland. On a wide verdant slope, overlooking the stream, stood the city, while here, in the intervening space, a kind of natural collesen, ranged in with tall Kauri pines, served the tribes for a gigantic Council Hall al fresco. The rear of the settlement was protected by the high Manaku Hills, while a fine stream of clear fresh water, called the Meri Meri Creek, meandered with many a curve and serpentine twist through the heart of the valley, irrigating the cultivated patches of potatoes and sweet yams in its vicinity, and whose banks were ranged by long lines of peach trees, planted at.the suggestion of the King's Prime Minister, of whom more. anon. It was a numerous, but somewhat motley guard of honor that escorted myself and Floxy from the landing- place of the river to the door of the King's mansion. Without any further ceremony than a kind of loud grunt, I was ushered into a long, narrow apartment, in which were assembled more than thirty persons (in cluding several ladies.) In the Royal Maori I found a squab fellow, close upon sixty years of age, and robed in a blue coat, with red facings and shining brass buttons. His lower extremeties were cased in a long pair of sea man's boots, and he had a beard and moustache, which imparted to his features a Moorish look. Squatted round His Majesty in a circle were four Maoris, whose faces rivetted my attention. The fore most of those was a noble-looking savage, of Herculean proportions, in the prime of his manhood. Unlike most of his race, this Maori had a clear olive skin, straight prominent nose, with eyes as black and keen as those of a hawk ; the lower portion of his face was frightfully tattooed, which completely disfigured his otherwise bold and handsome features. His hair was ornamented by a single Moho feather, and he wore a toga, or cloak, of white Muka flax, unsullied by any tag or embellishment whatever. This was Te Puki, the bravest and the wisest of his race, who perished with seven hundred of his wairiors six months later, defending Paterua against the volunteers. Seated next Te Puki was an individual totally different, both in person and costume. This was a boyish chief, thick-set as a prize fighter, and with a round, bullet head, not unlike a professional bruiser. He seemed at least twenty or thirty years the junior of his neighbour. His eyes, which by some freak of nature were placed very wide apart, never rested on one object a moment together, but roved round and about with a sly suspicious glance, which betrayed the double, treacherous disposition of the owner. To attempt to fix his look was out of the question, but the moment you turned your glance from him you instinctively Jelt lie was examining you. The forehead of this youth was low, and overhung to the brows, with black matted hair, but, in spite of the thick covering thereon, one could clearly discern three distinct qualities standing promi nently forth in Te Kooti, viz., cruelty, firmness, and the subtlety of a devil. On the other side of Te Kooti sat the one-armed chief, Te Muna. Hotheaded, ignoraut, and stubborn, he held the Gate , Pah with only two hundred half- armed warriors, against a whole Imperial regiment for six days, when he eventually perished, together with his unfortunate companions. The fourth Maori of the group presented a different aspect to the other. A well- made savage, with not a tattoo mark upon him, standing boldly up, with folded arms, the dark, Moor ish-looking head fixed firmly upon broad and ample shoulders, and the swarthy open face, manly and straightforward in its every expression. Rewf, the Eagle will, never be forgotten by our generations of New Britishers, either Maori or Pakeha. 