Presbyterian. I At the PrcsTivtflriiin Churcli, Cooma, on Sunday, tho 2ith December, tho Rev. E. Disaet*. wns nrdainod by -the Itev. Mr. Gardner to tbo cliargo of the Cootun enn grepation. Tlio Her. Mr. Gardner gave out tlio text, from 2ndCorinthiani, 4th chapter, 7tli verses — J 'But we liave ttiis treasure in earthen Teasels, tliat the excellency of tlie ]nwcr may be of God, and uat of u».' We liare choeen tliis text ns Ilic founda tion of this orrlinntion addrcas to pnst/ir nnd people. Having set your hearts and minds on building mid beautifying the Iioubr of tho Lord and finished Hint nood work with tlie blessing of God. .You have now filled the vacancy made by tlie resignation of your late pastor by unanimously eloctinu; by your own freo choice, according to tlio law »nd custom of the Presbyterian Church, after trial, n minuter if the Word to preach among you tho unscarchablo riches of Christ, to (loclara unto you the whole counnel of God, to warn men to flee from tho Trrath to come, to bo sot over you in \- ? the Lord, and to perform nil tlio minis terial nnd pastoral duties omhrnced in the functions of his honorable oflicu in thin place. As the messenger of the Church, I offer to our brother beloved who has como over tho wide wayod sea in response to unr Macedonian cry, ' Comuovor and help \», in this new land ; n cordiul welcome'— may his botv long abide in strength, muy his hands bo sufucent for him, miy lie loni.' rotain the dew of his youth, muy hu have scale to his niniif'trv, nnd m cv-ry w.iv limy ho Mill Iiih iiiiiiiilili'piutner In1 sulisfieil with favnr, nnd in .-.do full or tho lili'smiii: of I ho Lord. N|,(.nl;inj' to you, hivlhruii belnved, I can coii^TntuliiUi y-ui ob yniir clioicu. Von Iikvu cliimcn a man liigMy recoininoiiilid (a un by the homo Church foe lits nliililv, eiltirntioii, pnulcncr, piotv, * and am! in thu woik of tli« ininistr)'. Tliin iin'iii nti'n lh:it In? in n 'clinsei, vessel ' m'lit ly the MnMui- of AxfemMiei, like 1'iiui l-. bifiir this tteiiMiiv, iikii.inledpu.if the 'race nf God, of the wny of pardon, ju-ace. nnd niilviitioii to this corner of tile vineyard. This luarls n» tn Iiojio nnd trust tlint the blind of the l.old will lie will, him, Hint a trreat number will beliovo through bin preachinj; nnd turn from tho error i 'I their way, to Ihe ivorbhip mid Kerviee of God. That the OV.nn.-h will be edified, and tlio moiiil tone of thin rising town iunldinl.net improved, imd if bh you will rtK a cini|;r(-.i-ii- lioiinercr have reason (u regrut yoiirchoicv. 'Jhe llcv. Mr. Gnl'dncr then pmcccdod with the iidiml urdinntinn surrico, lifter which he vaid, nildicsxini; the Rev. 10. ISisKeti, the Minister then duly nrdniued :— 1\. IuthoriviividcnceofGod, 1 have been iip poilltod to j;ivu you n word of counsel mid udvicc. I inn, however, licri- iisynnri-i|iial, not an your superior, to ' stir up your puni mind liy way of miiembraiiei!.' lVrmit me then to ;isk you always to roniemlicr that you nre r.ll vnrlheu vcsBel, nnd not before an iron or luuttil vessul, and thai us an earthen vcsucl is ensily broken hy ton mueli work either physical or mental or by liotli cnnilihied. ' ljo thytclf no harm1' is m. n 'cx' *'mt y'1 'llIBt 'emcniber if you * desire to preserve your health, and retain n sound mind in a sound body under the mental nnd physical strain demanded by your work in this Iar-;o and extensive charge. 2\. As a vessel for the service of the Sanctuary, reinembitr that if you would make full proof of your ministry you must have the spirit, and that spirit dwoll ing in you richly in wisdom, spirit, and nndontandiiuT. Tlio Apostles wtro nil filled with tho Holy Ghost before the PenticosUl blessing came. Stephen wns full of faith nnd powor boforo ho preached the sermon which cut men to the heart, pierced the conscience, nnd mado such a sensation. If wo would move tho world, we must, like Stephen, bo full of the Holy Ghost. This is tlie secret of our ntronyth. We read of Barnabas, that when ho c-uno to Antioch and had Been the grace of God, he was glad, aud exhorted thorn all with purpose of heart to cleave to the Lord. For he was a good man, full of the Holy Ghost, and of faith, and much people wore nddod to tlie Lord. Ho was n good godly man, an able Minister of tho New Testa ment. But the great secret of his success was that he wus richly endued with the graces of the Holy Spirit. What our Church wants at present is that the vessels of the Sanctuary, or to drop the fisnro that our ministers mny be tilled with tho Spirit. This would he ' lifu from tliu iloail.' Then wo would become tongues of tire ; this would give our words a penetrating power which would melt hard hearts, burn up the dross of ein nnd unbelief, that apathy about spiritual things which is des tioying so many precious souls in our midst. Tlie Church has been longing, waiting, praying, for tho wind of the Spirit to blow upon the valley of vision, so full of spiritual death, on the withered bones so dead and so dry, that they might be ijnickcncd into newness of life. What if the rushing mighty wind would first fill this house, then all our heart* would re joice at the sound, it would revive our drooping hopes nnd send before you u per petual memorial in Israel. What if a time nf refreshing from the presence of the Lord would begin in this Clinch, would not the whole Church then have reason to thank God for this harmonious union between pastor nnd people. 3\. With reference to your pulpit pre pcration, prepare in tho spirit of prayer. Withuut prayer your labor will be useless toil ; men will not bo awakened, souls will not he saved, the Church will tint lie edified «nd built ,ip in the faith once de livered to the saints. God has linked prayer and success in his work, as cause and effect, and we can no mor« violate, this law of grace which has the seal of the living und.true God \sjth impunity in the family, the Sabbath .School, ol' in tho pulpit, til ah we can violate a law in nature, and prosper in -mr work. 4\. In preaching the Gospel of the grace of (Jod, the treasure which you bear, preach . Jesus Clnist and Him crucified, for He is ' both the power and the wisdom of God unto salvation. Preach ruin by the fall, redemption throngh Christ, and regenera tion by the Holy Spirit In order tu be an able minister of the Now T\ stamont you must remember your systematic theology \- by showing that pardon comes before peace, th.it it is the regenerated heart that believes to the saving of the soul, that justification ib an act of grace, that stinctitication is a w'ork of grace ; by attention to this your people and those that may wait on your ministry will be saved from much con fusion of thought and eee more clearly the plan of the covenant of grace 'ordered in all things and sure.' 5\. In pastoral visitiun make no distinc tion between rich and poor, town and country, 'visit jail you can, but, except in , case of aicknesa, you must reserve times for reading, study, or pulpit preparation, for . -tUcnigliaH your people may uotthiuk so, ? ? Jreachiug is your most important work, . ? «rid yon can no more continue to preach . ; w«U without time for reading and study, : , uian* .lamp can continue to burn without '--:.?? ; .v'^a^'- ':.'-? ? '? -v. ?? '?????--.-? i;' 's«. Be real, lie in earliest, be desirous to eavB ionl., and tfcii will be a threefold . c«|rd which *m draw »nMiy, and especially ., tho young, by the graceof Cod afteryou to «i?cr«Mof»ari*. ' Thou must thyaclf Ik tone, If thou another wnuld'vt teach ; Thy soul must overflow, If thou another woald'iit teach. It noedii tho ovorflow of lioart, To (rive tho Hjm fnll speech : Think truly, Hnd thy tliouglits, Shall tho world's famine food. Speak truly, and each word of thlno, Shall bo ft faithful need; Give truly, and thr lifo xliall bo, A great aud noble creed.' And now, doarly beloved brethren, allow mo to say a word to you. ltcfcrring to the text, we are called earthen vessel*, for the best of all reasons, wo are mado of dust, ' formed out of tho clay,' and therefore weak. Though I cannot complain, for my people arc kind, considerate, and generous townrds me in this respect, nnd though I don't wjbIi to blame you, I have to ask con siderable compassion, to use the lnnguago of one of your people, until your minister gets into uurcolonial grooves, and nobocomo accustomed to our now ordor of things, especially as this Gold is wido, and as you know tint kind of work is n-.w to him. Vou are to esteem your minister very hU'hly in love for his work, becnusc ho is God's messenger to bring to you the bread of life, lo oiler to you pardon of sin, that your souls may have the bread of lifo, to iilfer to you the living water bo that your souls may hare tho peace which flows from pardon, to odor to jou tho new wine of the kingdom to revivo tho hearts of the con trite when they nre fainting for God's salvation, to give you the consolations of the gofpel in tho time of trouble, bereave ment, sicklies.1!, ini'l at thu rmloiiiu hour of death, '? ho that you may hnro thu oil of joy for mourning, and the gnriiiuiitri of praise for the spirit of heavinoss.' Gud might haie sent toynu thin trwuurc by Ibu hand of angels, as he did tu Duniel, and the rjuur of i'atniuo in tV.eryMwi-SAiii. Hilt their glory would ovoip-- wor Jou. and the same mny be said of the Spirit's of just men nindo iien'eot, lliou^h they eouhl under1 utarul our trial*, fulls, nnd Itmiptiiti.'ins, better thun ;inj;clri, having Iind like cx pciiiineo tliemHelvun. , Then you inifrht have ivorshipjied these glen ilieil beings by mistake, ami forgotten the womhip -if the trim (,'od. They would not have required your liberal support, and the i-riinii nf liberality wo'ihl not then have been ho well uxpnndi'd, nnd bo your hearts cuuld not huvu been enlarged in the riiiniu degree, and your glory rould have been less ill the world to L'oiiie, fora nirniw hourt cnniiot hold much of the new come of the King dom. llitBidcs us the famishing will not refuso brand and water brought in earthen vessel, so neither ought you to refuse thu hidden manna, nor the living water, becnusc it in sent to you in eiirlheii vchpi-Ir, for you reiiniro those thing* for the life mid salva tion ol yuuriuimnrtil souls. '1'his Immure is ].ut in earthen vessels that the excellency of the power ill ly be seen to be ot God liiid not of us. .lust as Go.l diviilid the Km by ii rod, and broughl down the wiills of Jericho by the blast of thorn's horns that Israel might see His almighty pnver, so lias He put the treasures of his gospel r.iwl graeo in us thill all the glory of the iMViil. 3:tlva tiom may bo seen to be His that we may worship Him in the beauty of holiness, give the worship and |rf,iiso lint is dornti.in in our hearts ill tile ]rjauo whuie H;n honor dwells, and afterwards in Honvuii tho holiest of nil, thu Home of love and peace's pure delight. In conclusion, lot me Fay that the gospel preached here will be either the Saviour of life unto lifu, or the Saviour of death unto death, and who is sufficient for those things ? Ever bare it in re membrance that yon are earthen vessels too, and tluitliko Gideon's pitchers you will kooii be broken by the band of death. Religion is to-day's business ; begin it now, to-morrow the whole may bo broken at the cistern. Tho chain of evil habits will bo stronger to-morrow ; snap it now. Sin ex poses you to personal dangers ; escape them now. Gud calls you by His grace ; bo re conciled now. The Holy Spirit Btrives ; yield now. To you is the wind of this salvation sent ; embrace it now, aud so peace shall como to your souls. After the service, tho Kov. Mr. 15. Bissett want to the door and shook hands with the congregation going out. 