MB. BIXBVS BATHING SUIT. Mr. Bixby's bathing suit certainly was a very handsome bathing suit, and Mr. Bixby, being a very handsome man, looked well in it. It sometimes occurred to Mrs. Bixby, that she would be quite as well pleased if this were not bo, and if sbe did not so often bear of his 6gnr log in the crowd of bather, who played the mermaid at SpVashtown beach, morning aud atternoon. Mrs. Bixby was sure he o-as not so fond of docking her under the waves. On tboae rare occasions when she did ' go in,' he allowed her to hob up and down, clutching at the rope for a while, and then asked her, very curtly, if she ' wasn't tired of it ?' She generally ww the to tell truth. Under snch circumstances who would not have been ? Mr. Biiby was one of those beauty-men who generally snob their female relatives, and beep their charms for society ; bnt, besides thn, he bore his wife a particular grudge. She was tbe niece of seven very old anoti and ancles, all immensely rich, and all ' very fond of M*friH«., ' Bat perhaps tbey were not as fond of Matilda's husband, for since their marriage six af them had died, without leav ing her a penny. With each demise Mr. Btxby grew less affectionate. j ' He married me for my expectations, no i doubt,' poor Matilda thought to herself, as \ she regarded in tbe mirror, a countenance I that had no particularly fine features * and she, too, thought of the thousand that might have been hers, if she had married some one She Bat on the porch alone, this pleasant July day, after Mr. Bixby had gone gallantly away seaward, with the little waterproof satchel in which be carried bis bathing- suit, and Turkish towels, and thought of many things, and fell into such a deep browa study, that when some ooeadressed her with : 'Your letters. Mrs. Bixby, :' she started, and gave a little cry. *' Did I frighten you ?' said the voice of a fellow-boarder. 'I didn't know you were nervous. / am dreadfully, but you are al ways so composed. It is only to give you your letters. I brought them from tbe office' 'Thank you,' said Mrs. Bixby. 'I think I mast have been asleep,' and as the other lady passed on she turned tbe missives over in her lap. There were five of them ; one, a letter with a black seal Mrs. Bixby tore it open. It was as sbe bad expected. Her Uncle Jedtdiah, aged ninety, was dead. That was sad. Mrs. Bixby took out her handkerchief, and read on. Her uncle had left all bis money to the Asylum for Attorney's Orphans. This was sadder still. The handkerchief was wet in an instant, and as her tears fell, Mr. Bixby 's voice fell on her ear. ' I've come back, Tilly. I promised to wait for some one who is going to the beach. You have letters?' Mrs. Bixby wiped her eyes, and gave him those with his name upon their envolopes. He simply held them, staring at the black edged paper in her hand. ' How y»u like to torment me, Tilly,' he said at last, ' what news have yon ?' ' Uncle is dead, ' Bhe answered. ?? Well y 'He has left his money to a charity,1 sob bed Mrs. Birhy. Mr. Bixby mattered an oath, and marched away. In the hall of tbe hotel a lady of fascmatfug air, and little pencilled lines, under ber hand some eyes, met him— probably by accident. The two went toward the beach together talking earanestly. 'Certainly, he married me for my expec tations, 'said Mrs. Bixby, and went to her room to weep with more freedom. She did not even go down to dinner that evening, and Mr. Bixby did not come up to ask why. About Mrs. Bixby was making inquirires about Mr. Bixby, and the last seen of him was io the water. Various person knew of his entering it in hie handsome bathing dress. Nobody had with the coming drawn. Various young ladies reported him as *' swimming beautifully' I at five o'clock. He had tried to teach one to ! swim. It was evident that he was drowned. Mrs. Bixby was gome frooi one room into another upstairs, and calling on her dear, darling lovely Augustas, to forgive her her coldness, Sympathetic ladies filled the room, docters were called in, and reporters were jotting down paragraphs. Meanwhile another letter, with a black seal addressed to Mrs. Bixby, arrived at tbe hotel. When she waft able to read in, ehe did so. Il' ; was from her lawyers. later will of her! Uncle Jedediah's had been discovered. H had taken a dislike to one of than trustees of the'4 Attorneys' Orphans.' and had left all; hi& fortune to his *' dear niece, Matilda Bixby.' ' If poor Augu-tus had but lived to share it,': sobbed the widow. But, after all, it was a. cousolatioa. i Sbe remained at ttie hotel all wiuter, rUited ' liy grave iejai gentlemen, and wearing the , deepest \cee-is. In. Spring she borough! a cot- I tace near the beach, furnished it luxuriously j Wealthy, flattered, 'courted, she Itecame quite her. Serious offer were made for her hand. At length. Jenkins, the reporter, mentioned, in a long-wiuded paragraph, the facts of her b^en left her when she was plunged iu agouies of grief, how much her ** residence ' was worth I and. what her crape cost a yard. And one ! suitor, more persistent thau the other, wn.d,i - LimseK about her heart. She had determiaj to remain a window, but she was very lonely. She I h&d; vowed to marry uo handsome man. Tliis m%o whom she preferred was not handsome. be bad one cmsunii eye tod a clab foot ; but Matilda belived that she shonLl be perfectly happy with him. Her ainruning faded into lilae silk and vi -- lets, white tulle and puiaies. And one day she walke.1 up-m the beach, slowly making up ber tdidiI Aa to the form to which her accept tftnee »f & written offer, which she had re ciered, should he coached, wbea, looking out upon the sea. ber eyes met an object «'hich I petrified her with amzement. It was simply & swimmer, who, having gained a spot where the water was only up to his waist, was advancing towards her ; but the surprising point in this otherwise very ordinary object was was that it wore Mr. Bir**y's bathing costume. His wife i knew it too veil to be mistaken. Had ehe not | embroidered that pattern on the collar herself r j Was not that braid made to order ? Were not the buttons eorne which bad descended from the past ? Real gold buttons — too good, Mrs. Bixby had over and over again averred, for a bathing suit. The window turned faint asshe gazed for not only did she knowthe dress, but the handsome head above it- She knew that it wuMr. Bixfay's gbo&L; Her limbs failed her. She sat down on the eand, and bid ber buss in bertremHiag hands Bat now a splashing sound of feet treading. the damp beach roosed her She Looked up The spectre stood beside her, looking very solid indeed, for a ghost, and it spoke and amid - ' Don't be frightened, Tilly, dear. I am not an apparition. I am your own Augustus. Look op.' And feel exhausted ? or bo it seemed to Matilda— at ber side. Matilda shrieked, clasped him in her arms, wet as he was ; sobbed that the joy of that moment would be too much for her, and never thought for a moment of marvelling how a gentleman who had disappeared in the Bea should waJk out of it alive and unharmed a yearafterwarda. Bat Mr. Bixby explained, nevertheless. He had swam ont too far, and been picked up by a boat attached to a whaling vessel — die Sea GuU, Captain Brown — he was careful to ex plain ; had been ill and delirious for weeks, and only recovered to find the ship driving before a fearful gale, which wrecked her in mid- ocean. With seven others he took to a raft, and was cast on a deserted island, where he bad since lived in his bathing suit, subsist ing on sbell-fisb and berries. And how at last, knowing himself to be a good swimmer, he had resolved to make a bold stroke for Kfe. 'And here I am,' added Mr. Bixby. Poor Matilda, crediting every word of his abominable falsehood, again embraced him. ' And what must have been your struggles, my poor wife V sighed the husband. Then Matilda astonished him by an accotmt of her legacy, and conducted him borne, to the amazement of every one who met them— joy in ber eyes and in ber poor, honest heart. Left alone in his apartment while the faith fal wife prepared beef tea aud other restora tives, for tbe individual she had recently been in the babit of alladiag to as 'her sainted baflbaod,' Mr. Bixby indulged in astonishing fits of silent laughter, and several times re peated to himself : 'Hang it ! Was there ever such a fool Tilly ?' and a tramp who wandered on the shore was at the same time orerjoye by tbe discovery of a rather seedy suit of clothes in the pockets of which, beside several reproach ful pink notes, signed Rosaile, be found a, Chicago newspaper in which the enterprwicg reporter's account of Mrs. Birby'n ' romantic history,' her goad fortune,' and her eeaade mansiooe had been faithfully copied. However, Mr. Bixby, having a good deal in ber power, was not as often snubbed in tbe futer as she had been in the past. Her husband no longer flirted in for prwmcc, and she considers herself an exceeding happy woman, and ie very fond of rapesttios the story of Mr. Birby'e adventures, she has no doabt the whole world belives as thoroughly as she does. 