€ntmb$. St. Andrew's Day. New moon to-day. Coppin'e bene St to-night Another death yesterday. Jennte Lee and company have arrived. The Model Parliament diued last nfcht. What is home without a mother-in-law ? The Penola leaves for Melbourne to-day. Brisbane!tes heard " Boooaoio" last night. Another explosive party arrested in Ireland* It is sacrilege to disturb the "silent tomb." Zoolojjcal Gardens much improved of late. lArgs Bay trains stop at Mead-street at last. The Societies Union numbers 1,30) members. • A new graving dock is to be buflt at Auckland. New Catholic Bishop appointed for Ballarat. An aboriginal burlAl ground at Gepp* Croos. Overland Telegraph Line Interrupted a^ain. Thiri^eu cases heard at the Insolvency Court. Bodondo struck a large quantity of floating wreckage. Kathleen Mavoainecn scratched for Tatter- Ball's Cup. Holdfast Bay Yacht Club hold first racing to-morrow. The Press is rot to be admitted to the Conference. A man has only a life interest in his land ia New Guinea. Paul Pry Coppin ouyht to have a crowded bouse to-night. Thermometer 143* in the sun, and 69* in the shade at noon. Forty judgment debtors were up on summonses yesterday. Mr. James Thomas was buried in the Auburn Cemetery. The Montagu Turner Company will ploy MariUna to-ni$ht. Trickett and Rush aro going to row another race for £200 aside. Mr. Gordon was hurt yesterday at the noble game of polo. Bishop Moorhouse believes in the genuineness of the Gospe's. Sun rose 4.42, sets 6.5G. Moon rose 4.59 a.m., will set 7.14 p.m. Mr. Gladstone aeems to recognise the necessity of his retiring. Now we will see what the Judges think of the libel law of N.S.W. The cat is now applied to Yrnkeo convicts, who don't seem to like it. Bourkc has been indulging in the thermometer at 112* in the shade. Victoria and New Zealand voted to admit tho Press to the Conference. R. J. Coombs & Co. have realized as high as ll£d. for wool this season. The Marine Board visited the lighthouses at CapeUorda and Althorpe. Aneurism of the heart was the cause of Mrs. Raphael's sudden death. The Board of Health's report reveals a shocking condition of the city. West Melbourne is going to have new Catholic Church to cost £30,000.', Good attendance at Chalmers Church Musical Association last evenincr. The Parliamentary excursionists have re turned browner but healthier men. Russian fresh beef is now competing in England with American importations. Queensland immigrants are in a worse con dition than many of tbe other colonies. Sir Thomas Elder presented the Melbourne Zoo with a white cancel and a rhinoceros. Gladstone asks for a through train, and is anxious for a little light in the carriages. One farmer is having a jubilee, because he cleaned up thirty-two bushels to the acre. it is to be "Leopold Working Men's College" or nothing. Well done Mr. Ormond. Great Ciusur's ghost 1 iaia'rfue the graves arrayed even at the Police Court ajainst the Tomb. Sydney members object to the Governor's interfering with appointments in the Artillery For Victoria-s<iuare having been despoiled of its trees, will be opened for foot passengers to-day. The last act connect-d with the a'jt of vandalism in Victoiia-tqur-e will resume to day. Rev, Carter is anxious lo find out i/ irin is the creature of circumstance?. No reward is offered. Field v. Mr. Justice Windeyer, with Sir James Martinet presiding, is the sensation at Sydney. Arizona citizens hang their stage robbers as soon us caught. Don't give the bw ycrs a chance. When Mrs. Griffith died in Sydney on Thursday she had PU ouncc of arsenic in her stomach. Graves v. Tombs yesterday. A funeral case. The case should have been heard in tbe Cemetery. Physical requirements so severe in the new Militia Force of Victoria tbat they can't raise any recruits. A landlady in England was lately fined 5s. for selling a bottle of communion wine to a sexton on Sunday. Of course South Australia voted against the admission of the Press at tbe Intercolonial Conference. Mr. Moncure Conway, having dismally failed in Melbourne and Sydney, departs for London on the Indus. Mr. Henning, M.P., is compiling an Australian Court Guide for the benefit of the Haristocr&tic; First Famhilies. Epitaph:—The GravesDO longer si'ent, t! e Tombs no louder still; the law disturbed the lutte-, against the spirits' wilL Melbourne people employ their holidays by 6uin? the Govevameut for dima^cs received through milway accidents. The latest deferce to a watch larceny— tbe defend ant" picked it up ard fovgofc to pot it down, ard pawned it by mistake. Queensland has an Immigration B">ar<3. Coup'cd with lodging, most of the immigrants would like the same thing. One of the Immigrants for Queensland having died on the passage from sanatroke, the ship has been refused pratique. 4 < Progress and Poverty," is the title of a lecture to be delivered at Garner's this evening, at whioh the Chief Justice will preside. Dr. Grosewich, of Delaware, lately hung himself on a coat-hook, and left his overcoat on the back of his chair. He was a bachelor. The New South Wales Land BUI will yve that cclony a new MinisJry, as the Ministry there resigns gracefully when it is defe-ted. A New South Wales aboriginal In stealing a bottle of carbolic acid instead of rum, mode a mistake which terminated in his untimely taking off. Members of the Conference said io be unanimous that an iud^guant protest sborfd be Bent to France for sending crim'nals to New Caledooia. Sau Jose has au electric light tower 2C0 feet high, with ux Iampi of 4,000 candlepower each. A radius of four to five miles i? lighted, and ordinary print can be read two miles distant. There is war to the knife In New York ai to who shall issue the oheapest rag. A newsman says the man who buys a paper to save a copper is not the most des : rable person an advertiser wants. As proof of the rod tape that su. rounds Government officcs, Hon. Mr. Baker mentions the fact that he wrote to tbe Commissioner of Public Works, and did not receive an answer for fifteen months. I Edmund A. Bailey, a youut man who figured in the trial of Guiieau, the assassin of President Garfield, has recently " got at" a number of Washington lawyers by means of forged documents, and i.is now wanted by them. Yellow fever has been so bad on the Mexican coast that a band of Indians was hi rod to bury tho dead, who went from house to house gathering corpses, and carted away both dead and living, many persons being buried alive. Colonial Bank swe'1 to English snob:—Say, have you wjen Crumbs? E. 8.No-au deoh boy au. Gave op Crumbs whcn-auleft Hing land you know. Sipce-au been in this howwi£ beastly country, yoa know, boeu living ob^ tbe (at of the dwedful iand you know. Oata* not stand Cwumbs now you know. Should positively exp're. 