EASTER HOLIDAYS. YesterDA? brought Good Friday round once more in the circlet of events with its season of fasting and pleasure. To the Christian it is a time of whispering hope and closer communication with that Saviour who is said to have expiated the sins of humanity when he gave up the agonised ghost on Calvary, and ensured a haven to those who believed in him when they too shuffled off this mortal coil. Even the careless could scarcely fail to cast a passing thought of the unknown future which mind canDot grasp. At both Footscray and Williamstown those denominations who held the usual divine service did so, when sermons directing a thought to the particular season were delivered. The once-dubbed “ fishing village " is fast becoming a favorite resort and rendezvous for holiday-seekers. Yesterday the outskirts of the town, such as the piers, esplanade, and Back Beach, betrayed the presence of a considerable number of strangers, who had come by rail and steamer to Bpend their day’s respite by the shores of the rolling sea, determined on the orthodox picnic-method of holiday making. Bods, lines, hooks, and bait were as usual in constant demand about the piers, in the bay, and up the Yarra and Saltwater • Rivers. As the shades of evening descended the corresponding exodus took place, and things resumed their wonted appearance. On Monday next our Catholic friends will hold their annual picnic in the 'Williamstown garden’s reserve. The amusements are numerous and varied, and the various athletic contests will be sure to create the usual amount of strenuous competition. These annual sports are becoming popular, and no doubt the reserve will look its gayest with pretty women and pretty dresses, and old and young bent on enjoying themselves to the utmost. The members of the H.A.C.B.8. will probably form in proces sion and proceed to the scene of the festivities accompanied by a band. Alliance v, Mutual Store. A match will be played between the above clubs to day, commencing at ten o’clock a.m., in the market reserve. The following will represent the former;—Conroy, Kennerson, Glenister, Kensington, Murray, Situs, Woolf, Russell, Wauchope, and Warren: emergency —Hunter, ' 