MY FIRST EXPERIENCE OF OUR COUNTRY HOUSE. Dwing to financial pressure in the shape of leavy losses abroad, I accepted tho offer of an nld-fasliioned. furnished house in the country, ivhicli had been ten years untenanted, as a residence in the meantime to save the expenses Df town life ; and thither, in a cold and stormy November day, amid torrents of rain, I set DUt along with all I held most dear on earth — my family. That comprised my wife and three young children. As we left our cheery town houso for the last time, many a heavy thought oppressed mo, on account of those dependent on me, at the waywardness of Fortune, and the ' ups and' downs' of life; and especially as to what she might still have in store for us. We had a long drive in a comfortable close conveyance, hired at the nearest railway town, from tho windows of whioh the children were delighted to watch the now scenery as we drove along. The smallest little darling of the three, just eight months old, was as com fortable in his wraps and furs as if he were at the warmest fireside. At longth we found ourselves at the door of our new house, far in the heart of the country. Dreary and soli tary enough it looked, standing by itself at the foot of a slope, with its short avenue of trees leading up to the door. Soon, however, wo were inside, and roaring fires in every room helped to raise our spirits and dissipate tho gloom, by imparting that cheeriness which fires only can give. Next morning, on exploring our new quar ters, we found that their appearance did not altogether belie their weird and ghostly repu tation. 'Some stories we had heard about tho houso being haunted, as the reason of its re maining so long unoccupied, wo of course only laughed at. Tho walls were of enormous thickness, and several of tho rooms panelled. Already within the panelling, the rats and mice, apprised of the signs of habitation by the fires which had been put in several days beforo our arrival, once again began to hold their revels. The main passage was narrow, tho stairs of stone — one stair leading from the middle floor up to the bedrooms above, containing the publio rooms ; the other down to the kitchen range of rooms below, most of which wero really below ground , damp and dark, with their walls glistening with moisture. This latter stair led off the lobby near the entrance, and the vory idea of descending it gave one a shudder. Upstairs tho walls were aloped in over the bedrooms, and ao as to give them a -square shape, a part of tho width had been cut off by partitions next the gable, which left a large dark empty space all round between wall and partition, enough, as tho proprietor said, to accommodate half a regi ment of infantry. This, however, had the ono advantrge of keeping the rooms dry. At tho back of the liouso a clear brook rippled along, subject to rise and fall with every shower of rain. For four or five days the storm that had ushered us in, continued, but at length ono morning 'a clear, bright sun broke out over the landscape, showing us, from ? tho top of the slope, our insular position with the Ger man ocean on three sides in tho distance. Sea-coast towns were also scattered along tho shore at intervals, and there appeared a pretty undulating country sparsely planted with trees, without village or hamlet anywhere to bo seen among the large cultivated fields, ex oopt tho big farm ateadinga that appeared here and there at considerable distances apart. As time passed, and we Bettled down in our new abode, I found that the days did not hang so heavily on my hands as I expected, what with the increasing acquaintanceship with very kind and pleasant neighbours, and shooting (kindly granted me by tho proprietor) among hares, partridge, Ac., and eapecially at large flocks of geeso which had taken a fancy to tho neighbourhood. The children enjoyed the country freedom immensely, and the ro'fes daily deepened in thoir. cheeks from the strong oceau air somo seven hundred feet above tho sea level. Ono day I was engaged putting, up a swing for Maud and Will, to their great delight, in tho shed that adjoined the houso at tho back — an old building of two stories, the lower ono of which had ppen arches, and the upper, oneo used as a granary, was approached by a trap stair. All at once I noticed through the pane of the outside kitchen' door, that led into tlio long passage of that floor, the flutter' of a child's dress I well knew, and, at the same moment, a shadow as of someone rapidly passing. Hardly believing my eyes, I looked again, knowing that no one went down to that now disused floor, tho outer door of which remained locked, and least of all that the baby would bo taken thoro. Tliero was nothing now to bo seen. Our ono servant, I know, had left for an aftornoon holiday, and would not bo baok for sceno- hours. With a shiver running all over' me,'.lialf congealing my blood, I flow to tho 'docf'a'ud lpoked along tho narro\J,. passage, but' nothing .was visible. Tho furth.eg(:,end door' that'._openp'd, to tho staircase lading to tho'puHjoiopnis abovo still romato^d closed. I-.*lqp]tod'iftt'ihe out; sido door,'^but nothing' savplho e6hb replied; so I next rushed to tho ' low , kitoheri window and looked in. All was ' undisturbed thoro and motionless ! Tho cobwebs still crossed tho doors and corners just as they had wont to be.' Taking tlio two children with mo, I hurried round to .tlio front of the houso, where I found thoir mother at the front door, with her knitting, enjoying tho bright sun shine. Quickly tolling her what I had .seen aa calmly as I eould, .though not too care fully, as tho riaing pallor on her face betokenod, I hurriedly asked whore she had left baby. Before I had half done sho was flying upstairs, followed by me, to baby's room, where, as sho said, she had loft him quietly sleeping in his cot. Tho cot was empty ! Our darling was away. Tho clothes even were gone. Witli a moment'a delay, after a rapid glance through the adjoining rooms, wo hurried downstairs, down tho second flight to the dark, damp, kitchen floor, and from room to room we flew, but not a trace of our darling. I had limn to i-iivry poor ll'.'leh upstairs — sho had fallen fainting on tho floor. 1 laid her on a couch, and endeavoured to recover her, in the first place. For some timo sho remained in a dazed state, and then, as recollection gradually camo back, I urged tho necessity of her keeping up till wo had mado a thorough search for our child, as, from tho time I had seen his dress, it was impossible he could bo anywhere but still in tho houso. With tho clear and rapid 'instinct' with which She saw most things, sho made tho effort needed, and which, I could see at tho time, was al most beyond her strength. Again wo searched and searched, in.tho house, round about tho houso, and overywliero where there was the faintest possibility that the child could be concealed, but in vain; and how the time passed from the moment we first missed him (about threo in the afternoon) till darkness began to close in on a short winter day, I can yet but faintly imagine. Going round once more to the back of tho house for the twentieth time, all of a sudden a faint glimmer of light from acroas the brook caught my eye, along with what I felt certain was the flutter of a child's dress. It seemed in the dusk to be only a few hundred yards off. Withoilt waiting a moment, and dreading to utter an alarm, I sprang across the brook, through the deep swamp and rushes beyond, and, reaching the hard firm meadow, flew along in tho direction of the light, of which another glimmer again directed me. The light, I could see, was moving onwards, and as I increased my pace I found I was distinctly gaining on it. A fresh glim mer now and again kept me right, and I only feared breaking down ere it could be over taken. So husbanding my strength as well as my excitement would allow, I kept up the pace, determined to succeed if it cost me my last breath. Gradually, as the chase con tinued, the light drew nearer, the glimmer stronger, and the flutter of the child's dress now proved a certainty. A few minutes more and I must be up with it. I thought, too, I could distinguish in the darkness the outline of a man ; but, so thick had the gloom now become, thi3 might have been fancy, as no gleam that lit up the child's dress ever fell on the figure. For a few seconds I noticed the light linger at one spot, move up and down, then again move rapidly on. But now, for the first time, I lost sight of the white dress. In a second or two more I was up to the place where the light had lingered. This brought me alongside a broad straggling whin fence, well known to me as a good cover for partridge. While rushing pa3t, a conscious ness of something white amongst the furze arrested my steps, _ aud pushing in among them I bent down over what seemed a mass of white like a snow drift, in the midst of whioh, sound asleep, and comfortable and cosy in his warm blankets and rug, as H he were still in his cot, I discovered our darling ! Even the blankets had been drawn carefully up round his soft warm face, to allow just enough room for air without the least danger of eold. As I pressed my face to the little round cheeks, and felt the warm breath coming and going, the revulsion was so great, coupled with the exhaustion of my run of over a mile, that I could only at the moment sink down beside him. I dared not yot trust liiyself to carry him back, anxious as I felt about those at home. While resting with him in my arms I noticed the light growing fainter and fainter till it disappeared in the distance. At length, when sufficiently recovered, I rose with my newly-found treasure, to try and re trace my steps homeward in the now pitchy darkness. Carefully I' groped my way back, holding him close to me, and feeling aa if the timo wore an age ere I could return to ex change the grief there for joy. The light from an upper window of the house guided me, otherwise in the thick darkness I might have lost my way. At length the ripple of the brook at the back-door met my ears, and recrossing care fully I found myself onco moro at the back of the house besido the swing, and at the first scene of the mysterious disappearance, an event never to be forgotten, though ending so happily. On coming round to the front all was quiet, the outer door still open, tho lower lamps unlit, and not a sound even of tho children's voices to be hoard. I dreaded the sudden effect of the discovery of her darling on Helen, and my aolo anxiety now was how I could break tho glad nows to her as gently as possible. So, quietly ascending the stair, I reached her room, found its door ajar, and looked in. Thoro Bhe waa, seated at a table, her head bont forward on her hands, and per fectly motionless. Maud and Will were sit ting on the hearthrug subdued an'd silent, looking wistfully up towards their mother. Softly entering the room I signed to_ the children, who at once saw me, to keep silent, and aa aoftly I laid him down once more in; his cot. As his chcelc touched the pillow a smile crept over his face as if even in a dream he felt ho was again in safety. And then crossing the room I sat quietly down beside his mother. She seemed in a sort of stupor, ? out of which only slowly and with difficulty I succeeded in rousing her, and by degrees, as she caught my cheerful tone, a new light seemed to break in upon her, and she looked mo straight in tho face. There was no uae my attempting to dissemble. The look of good news was too plain to be hidden, though I feared at first tho effect of the reaction. Be fore I had half told my tale she caught the meaning looks of the children, and gave ono swift glance towards the cot. In an instant she was there, and for a moment the over whelming joy was almost aa overpowering as tho grief. As the little subject .of all this caro was loaded with caresses he opened hia big black eyes with a smile of welcomo all round ; and as each in turn got a share of his smiles wo could hardly realise that the past had not all been a dreaih. How our houso was changed from one of sorrow to one of joy that evening I can still well remember. Never after, that was baby left for ono minute alone, nor .was there ever !a chance given of that day's history being repeated. Early noxt morning wo madei a thorough searoh of the housO'from room to room, but nowhere could wo obtain a olue to any secret door or passage that.'might throw light on tho mystery. After tho foregoing experience it may be supposed I would fain have, changed our residence had not strong peouniary reasons stood in tho way, and besides I had a strong desire sooner or lator to be at tlio bottom of tho mystery. As tho above events began to lose {heir vividness, without any fresh incident to ex cite suspioion, timo passed pleasantly on. One day as I was round in the shed outting up somo trees, which a recent storm had blown down, 'With Maud and Will playing by, I suddenly became aware' of the Bhadow once more crossing tho kitchen-door. This time, however, it was alono. Our baby, I ' know, was too well watched to be spirited away again. In a moment I was at tho door, look ing in along tho dark passage ; but all was empty there ! ' Instead, however, now of rush ing round to the front of tho house, as I did beforo, and giving tho alarm, I kept watch, and sent Maud quiotly round to give infor mation. Keeping Will by me, I watched Maud till she reached the front of tho houso, where I had left her mother with the ser vant, attending baby in his perambulator. Th'oy were all soon round, and, pointing out to Helen a knoll' at a little dis tance, whioh commanded a view of three sides of tho houso, or of any one attempt ing to leave it, I asked her to retire thoro with the servant (a strong country - girl) and children, and keep watch. Hardly had thoy left when tho shadow again crossed tho kitchen floor ; and immediately afterwards a slight sound in tho granary drew my atten tion. U.mbto iu l:i;c,j liable lunger, or uvi«y . f ? u' tlio sending of a neighbour, which was my first idea, I sprang up tho trap Btair and listened. In a little tho sound was repeated, now distinctly as of a door closing, and then ccased; but no trace could I find of door or opening of any kind. I took caro that, from where I stood, I could Btill see the group on tlio knoll. Striking on tho wall viiicnco the 1 , sound seemed to liavo proceeded, a faint ap- A parent echo reached me ; but this, I thought, M eould bo traced to a distinct separate sound. Ropcating tho blow again and again on dif- . jJP ferent parts of tho wall, at last a hollow sound seemed to answer tho stroke, and simultaneously, a part of tho wall I had not noticed before, to the side, aud nearer the gable, opened slightly, disclosing a long narrow rent. Another stroke on the same place, I found, was on a stone that yielded to pressuro, and showed a widening crevico. With further pressure on the stone, which appeared to be connected with tho door by a spring, it reached at last its full width, and disclosed a narrow door in the wall, from which a passage with a dark stone stair ease led downwards. This staircase was just wide enough for one man to crush through. Without hesitating, and with a sort of desperation, due partly, perhaps, to my entire unbelief in ghosts, I entered the passage and began to descend the steps, after taking the precaution to get a heavy lump of wood and leave it in the doorway to prevent any accidental closing. As I went down the narrow staircase, a slight rustle from below told me pretty surely I should find some one there. Each st-ep now brought me nearer the object of my search ; while the Sicker of light that presently came from below showed rue I was nearer the foot of the stair. In another second or two I found xnyself in a narrow passage at the foot, faintly lit by a crevice in the wall, and with tie figure of a man ditnly visible before mej There we stood confronting each other, not a sound to be heard hut the breathing of each. After some moments cad passed thus in dead silence, I put out my left hand to feel what sort of resisted me on that side, and, if possible, let in seme light, and struck agsinn'wiiat seased to De the wooden panel ling of a room. The movement caused no chance in my placing my back 'against one side of the passage, I put my foot against the pannelling, and tried to force open a deal : hut in vain. It was too strong 'to yield io my pressnre. Still the figure remained motionless. I then bethought myself of my box of ' vestas,' which, as a smoker, I always carried, and struck a light. As the darkness fled, and the whole passage became visible, with the figure in it, whom aud what did I see? For a little I ceuld hardly believe my eyes, and wondered if I, too, were in a dream. A man, certainly, in full flesh and blood, and no ghost, was there, motionless still, his head slightly bent, and eyes fixed on vacancy aa in a dream. No sign of seeing me, or of the least alarm at my presence, appeared in liis face. But what was strangest of all remains to be told. The face was that of an honest carpenter of our neighbourhood, whom I well knew as a very respectable steady man. I had heard . he had been in the habit of disappearing now and then from his house at night for a day or two at a time, and of returning again by night aa quietly as lie left; while he either refused, or was unable to give any . account of his absence. The truth was now plain. The man was a somnambulist. There, too, waa the lantern in hia hand, still unlit, which, on the former occasion, had guided me by its light. On being addressed, ho seemed at firat to come ' back to himself' slightly, as if half aware of my presence, and of being caught, but again lapsed into hia dreamy state. Going up to him I bade him follow me, which he quietly did, up the stair case, and out by the way I had entered, till he appeared at the foot of the trap stair in tho presence of the wondering group on tho grass, who wore now getting anxious about my absence.' Telling tho man quietly to £0 home, and to be careful never to repeat his intrusion, he unhesitatingly took tlie straight road home, and walked steadily away. The effect of tho discovery on Helen, her Bpeeehless astonish ment and relief at the aamo time, at suoli a vory practical and liomoly solution of the robbery of her baby, may bo imagined.- The man, it appeared, waa liable to be affected differently at different times. Sometimes I10 had more than hia ordinary wakin' wits about him in a certain groove, in the form of an invincible cunning enabling him to elude discovery, and baffling all attempts at trac 1 ing him. At intervals he had always disap peared during the night, tho somnambulism appearing to continue for one or two days at a time. His mode of ingreas has been de scribed ; and I found, on carefully examining tho passage, that while one ond of it led down from the granary, as mentioned, the other led up at the baok of a pannelling by a flfght of steps to the rooms above, into whioh he ob tained entrance by a sliding deal in tho , dark enclosure between rooms and gable. Tho man was about fifty-five, had rosided in tho district since childhood, and became ac quainted with the secret passage in the course of some repairB, of which. he alono had charge — a secret ho kept to himsolf. I afterwards learnt that ho had gradually awolto on his way home, probably from tho disturbing in fluences ho had encountered ; while the warn ing given him under his somnambulism had its effect. At the same time, needless to say, I had tho secret passages firmly built up, bo that no one might again bo subjeotod, either to secret intrusion, or to those hours_ of sus pense wo underwent between the losing and finding of our ohild. And thua ends my first experience of our country house.— W. S. in London Society. , linitSTING 01? A SUIT DY SWELLING OP OAItGO. The Gazette Maritime et pommerciale, in its news regarding ocean disasters, relates tho following curious example of tho formidable power of moleculai^forces. Tho Italian ship Franccsca, loaded with rice, put into port on May 11, at East London, leaking considerably. A large forco of men was at oneo put on board to pump out tho water contained in tlio ship,' and to unload 'her; but, in spite of all the activity exerted, tho bags of rice soaked in water gradually, and swelled up. Two days afterward, on May 13, tho' ship was violently burst asunder by this swelling of her cargo. — La Nature. THE SEVEN KIDDLES OF THE WORLD. Piiof. Du Bois-Reymond is one of tho most prominent members of tho Berlin Academy of Sciences. When ho delivers his moro pop ular lectures, there is not a lecture-room in Berlin largo enough to accommodate his hear ers. Ho is far from boing a theist ; still less is he a christian. In an address delivered by him on ' Tho Limits of Natural Science,' he propounded what he called ' Tho Seven Riddles of tho World' — riddles which havo never been explained, and tho majority of which never can bo by mechanioal laws. Tho first riddle is tho nature and essence of matter and force. Tho second is tho origin of motion. Tho origin of lifo is the third. Tho fourth is the apparent design of nature. Tho fifth is the origin of consciousness. Tlio sixth is the origin of national thought and language. Tho last is the freedom of tho will. Of this Du Bois-Reymond says: 'Our seventh ... difficulty is none if ono resolves to deny the freedom of the will and to declare tho sub- : jectivo oonYiotion of freedom as an illusion ; otherwise it is inexplicable.' 