\- .--EOHGES OF MELBOURNE ?; .,.':? ''.'??.?.?.,i':-.v:ri;BT,;'TH!B Ghost.] :. !,-?: : ; ?.': ' j.; . ??-?.v.r. .. -;--:i.-i SeDtember 9. ? ; ! The estimates for the year have been Ipasaed, ' arid^'with' the exception of the; items in conriedtiori with ,. the Public Library, and the Defence Force, are ready to ? be incorporated in the annual .' Ap propriation' Bill. The Civil Service Bill has passed, its second reading, arid the' in ?'? prospective, have,, under the promise that if they worked well the Government would not object to an adjournment on Thursday a couple of hours before the [usual time to allow the festively disposed among the people's representatives to, attend the return ball to ?. the Mayor, shown a most commendable diligence .in dealing with- the business of the country. [En all probability, notwithstanding the large amount of business on the paper, the session will finally close before the lend of November, when the conference between the delegates of all Australia is to meet in Sydney. Most of the Government business will .then be disposed of, and' aa none of the Legislatures of the other colo nies will be in session the Federation pro posals can be discussed in a leisurely way. Whether any results will accrue from the interchange of colonial collective wisdom, beyond a united request for the annexa tion of, or the establiBhmenfciiot a pro tectorate over !New Guinea and the New Hebrides, is extremely doubtful. The Tariff Commission, which might have, 'done something towards assimilating the .duties leviable -in New South Wales, ;South Australia, and Victoria, and thus helping a ra ppi ochement, will, should the proposals, of its ' chairman- be , adopted^ , ;have still .further' widened the breach. That eventually there will, be formed a' ?Customs Union, on the basis : of the iZollverein, ' each ?' colony receiving an amount of the duties collected in propor tion to the number of its inhabitants, is tolerably certain. The ' settled policy of the country,'1 however, so far as Vic toria is' concerned, forbids any hope of the ' much-to- be- wished-f or consummation: just at present.' In a' few years public opinion may change, but ; until it does we must be content to 'paddle our own canoe.' ' - The ire : of ; the eminently Christian' gentlemen who. constitute the Melbourne Presbytery is not to ,be appeased by1 the resignation of .- the' Rev; Charles Strong. They have suceede'd in getting him downy and not only do they intend to keep him !dbwn,''but to kiok liim now that he is |down. They have postponed accepting the resignation for a month, in order that a brother minister may be,c as the Presby terian orthodox phrase has it, '! libelled ' in the meantime. How fortunate.it is for the Teyerend' delinquent the boot and thumb-screw and the stake are no longer in voguei with- Churchmen ! Were- these appliances for- bringing ' 'heretica' round ;to 'correot: opinions' on religious'matters: in UBe now^ they .would'most assuredly have been;brought to bear in order- to win; over the recalcitrant. The unregenerate -.? ;,) l.-,-',::.xn-..-r. .'t.'.-i-: ; I ,',«,?.:: ? ri: -^ cannot but be impressed: with | the' large amount of brotlierly' love 'shown by the Presbytery, 'arid -t-the display -of that charity which we'^are ' told ' covereth' a multitude of 'sirisj' and' is the.fbrenibs't'' among the .virtues; 'by' an 'assemblage of [the'j'.'iUnco gtiid.' ' How the brethren 'love one ; another, .. to ;be .aure !', U '.the exclamation - that- can hardly fail 'to escape, ..the lips of the profane. ! ' Is the congregation , .of. Scots Churchy going tpstari'd Ifc1 ?' is meantime the, cjiies 1 tion being asked. .^Unfortunately as long ;aa they continue associated with the Pres-' ' by terian Church they are powerless to jiriak'e any move towards retaining their minister. If. theyjstick.to Mr. Strong, they, must abandon their church property. iTheknpwledge of this fact; may restrain! their Sc'ottish^ardouri) But there. 'has been; some tall talk, and'it has. been -pbitited, out that when th'e^'Ap.p'siie^Paul 'could riot : i get. the ' synagogue to preaoh'.,in,^he ob- - tai'ngd , .from i ; ;Ty rannus, the . 'iise , ',, of , j hia schoolroom'.'1.; Will the' Bev. Ohasi , Strong': .'?'?go and' do^ikewise'?' '?; ???' ?'.' ? ';';' ' I *Mr.' Mira'ms.has'got himself. „ into, hot, water, by ,publishin|;. his; draf t'lrep'ort; 'cif ! tlie,Tarifl; . Cpinmisaion before submitting' ! it to his , colleagues; ; . ' . The little ; member Ifor Oollingwood is nothing if notambi ;tions, and in his anxiety to .obtain all the jkudpa for him)3elf)'. has. taken.,:a ','syery,'un- , , usual .course. i\\\\. The ,' offended j 'dignity of ; jthe Commiasioners' will, cause n them: to u ;alter 'and cut -up the 'Teport,-' until'' ita! iauthor, will .hardly ! recognise.: his p.wn ihandiwork: ; j Perhaps .this, m'iynqllproyei ianJunmitigatedVi evil, ' fprj; jspoth (p 'say',-: some ,of -the .'.recommendations' are im jpracticable, and the entire 'document' is j full ,of . incongruities. ?'?Mrg;: Mirama has, not iiriproyed his ppsitipn^iri: the., eyes of' 'the country,- nor bettered his chance of obtaining a seat on the Ministerial bench - iwhen the next change occurs, for he has been denounced' in the, 'Assembly by a prominent member of the Liberal ' party as 'the greatest enemy the farmer ever' tad.r . ,,:: ::.??'?..???? ..;.:'??-;;„{?:?:??:?'-' ? j Among the Government ^supporters' none is; to be found -more .staunch at the present moment than' the ' senior .member for Castlemaine. Mri Patterson is more a Ministerialist than even Ministersthem selves.v Can there be -:any-: truth in the rumour' that- despite; the .possession of ,' an^indulgerit cbristitiiericy and a .good business'. , the honourable .' gentleman iwould not be , averse to ,becominE:''one of ,the three Railway Commissioners to be 'appointed under the Railways Manage-' merit Bill ? It's ? said' a ' refbrined sinner raakea the best saint/ and it would there fore, not be much at ' variance , with ^he eternal iicness of things were a gentleman who* has' been twitted with having, when in office, found employment for half the' adult male population in' Oastleiriaine in the service of the State nominated as one of the triumvirate charged with the duty of abolishing' political patronage. Has not the eight of Satan reproving 'sin been witnessed erenow.? '. ','..' \'. ;...' ''' r ' A little story anent the intelligence of, the police, not taken from the columns. of the police intelligence ir-^Iri a township of .Victoria, which for. ' the nonce Bhall be riameleas, a visitor of an. enquiring arid statistical turn of mind, enquired of the local (ruardian nf tho riHunn if ho nonld give him any accurate information in regard to the riumbor of inhabitants. ;''Begorra, sir,'I can,' was the reply, 'I can- tell, ye .to a fraction. Each house in ,the place contains. on the average five and' 'a half adults.'' ''And how many houses are there?' queried the visitor/ 'Ah, be 'jabers,' ' replied the man in blue, ' now that's just what I don't know.' . ; In the Thespian, world there- is very little to chronicle. ', Struck 'Oil' still holds the boards at the Royal, and as far |aa the proprietary is concerned. the;piece has, not belied its name. , It gives place next week to 'Eureka,!1 in which Mias; , Watt-Tanner and Mr. Grattan Riggs are to be added to the strength of the com pany. '' Mose in Egetto' has been with idrawn at the 6pera House, where, on ?Friday, Signor Verdi was honoured with a bumper benefit. The management, of this. theatre have engaged, in addition to their present staff of. artists, the Montague-Turner English Opera Com pany, and on Monday MiBB Annis Mon tague will again delight, a Melbourne audience. At the Princess, Miss Emelie Melville still continues to draw, despite |the many other attractions, and at , the: Bijou Signor and Signora Majeroni' have 'achieved a well merited , success in, the emotional play- of 'Jealousy.' Signor Mujeroni has almost entirely recovered the use of his voice. This will be good !newa to all admirers of the drama. -.' .. 