TalclnVcrsc. ... lost in tiie htoitu. " Wat.k in, walk right in; you're welcome; Whow 1 how the wind whistlos about. Take a;ohoir oloso toithofiro, sir ; It's a bad sort ot night to be out. You saw our light throngh the darkness. t And thonght yon would como? That's . ..right.- ' .. . Somohow my heart's warmer and softer .: On ov'ry suoh blust'rin' night. " You Boom soft o' pals liko and nervous, Your walk was too muoh, I think ; , Como to look, you're whito as a ghost sir ; Seoms to me you'd' bettor drink, , ! Woll, well; I won't urge you, but really— What's that'you'ra sayin' — this night, . With its storm makos you think of another,'1 . And the mcm'ry saddens you quite? " Msyhap if you'd toll me tho story, 'Twould oaso np your.mirid a bit. . 'Twas_ just siioh' a night as this one— ' . . "Pftinf. ltlffllif'T'H #Awntk!_ ' « ' ' That oar blessing cama, and somohow Whon the wind and storm aro abroad, Thoro's a qusor kind o' feolih' in here', A sort o', thanksgivihgto God. "What's that you aro sayin' ? Oh, surbly ' T oouldn't ha', heard you'right. . , , ... Did you say that your wifo went somowbero, And you dropped in .'that night?,,.: A That Bhe wont homo kind o, early ; But thoy urgod you tp'.Btiiy a.spoll, : And told her you'd bring tho baby, , Arid sea 'twas bundled np' well? : ., " At last the wino you'd be'n dilnkin! Hod somehow 8' into your head ; Thawind aad the storm wero. dreadful : Whan you started for homo, you said?.' Beo hore, atrangdr,.'twoBn't ,nearAUa; Just fivo years ago to-night i. I'm.thinkin' o' that place always, : . So I couldn't a board you right. ; " It was? And tho baby you hold it . And staggered on through the snow, Your brain growin' drov.-ay and dizzy; And that is tho laat you know - Of that night and thostorm, till some one Found yon thero crazy, and wild, And carried you homo ; but surely Now didn't thoy find tho child? " No 1— well, I might a known it. From the first somothin' told mo 'twas so. You say somo wild beast had got it — Thero wero traoks all about in tho snow.'' : Stranger, see horo, if a fellow A poor sort o' follow, you' Spo, ' 1 Found a purse o! gold that its owner i: Thought ha had lost in tho Boa, Ana tnon ne sliould meot with that owner, Do you think it would ho a sin Just to kcop it?— when lio wlio'loot it Thought novor to coo it agin? You do? Well, go on with your story, Your wife ? Might a known sho wont wild, And tokl you not to como nigh' her : Agin till you brought baok hor ohild. " Fivo years sad-hearted and lonoly, . Fivo years you'vo be'n wandcrin about, :. All, woll I to mo thoy'vo bo'h.hsppy ;' Yes, wifo, gobriiig'D'olIy out. I sco my way clear to duty, When' she Bright horo on my! kfteo; Hor white arm's' olingih' about mo, ' I'm a littlo faint-hearted you seo, II Ooino lipro, littlo Dolly, my baby; 1 Givo daddy ono moro kiss' and then J'm a hotter man than withbut'hor,. ; I could over hope to d be'n. Now.horo is my story— don't ory, v/lfo, 1 It's tough, but it's right; you know : That night; sir, riilin' from Alto, I was ourBin' tho wind and tho snow. "Whon my horse stumbled right over something, . And when I got off to see, 'Twos a dosd man leaatways I thought so,' . : And a child th'af.smilod at-mo. . .' I unbuttoned my coat and laid it In horo away from the storm, ' -And somohow, from that very minnit,. . I My. heart's be'n poft-liko and warm! " Wo worocomin' west, so wa kept it ; 'Twan't ours, and wo might a known Wo'd somo day got punished for koopin ' 0 Thogpldthat.wasn't'.Cuf'pwii; : And wjiils )rou;:woM tollin'. yaur story. TliorDoyil kept whisporin to hio, ' '! : 'Don't tcllhim ; lie novCrwIllk'now itt \- He thinlffl tho child dend; you see.' - ' . "But I just had to— that baby With lier outa ways has oharmod mo quito ; Onco I didn't care a copper, sir, If a thing wero wrong or right, But now— wcll.hcro is your baby.; Her loss cured you ofyoursln. . Lost in the storm,, the storm drovo you ' Right horo to find her SKin." —Bote Bartwick Thorpe, j A Dakota schoolmistress snod, three youn& mon for breach of promiso. Counsel for one of tlio dofondants moved for a nonsuit on the ground that sho was too . promiscuous) Thp court ' scorned disposod to grant tho motion, whoroupoh tho plaintiff asked: "Judgo, did you over go dupk-shooting? " His , Honor's eyes lighted up with tho 'prido'. of a sportsmnil as ho.answorcd : " Woll„I should soy so and m'any's tho' tima. that I'vo brought down a dozon at. a shot." "I know rt," eagorly added tha fair plaintiff ; " that's jast thp casq tvith mo, judge. ' A flock of thoso follows besieged mo, nnd I wingod.threo of tlioni.'! Tha motion for a hbnsuit' was deniod. . j 