MINING NOTES. rv-HOM oun OWK CORBESl'ONDENTS.l BALLARAT. There wastt mingled rig and revival last wcok in'allavial stocks. The rig undoubtedly tss in she two Dykes, notably in Dyke's Freehold, and tc innrn notable is thai tho rig bold good bven when the manager officially contradicted tho rumor bf wash boing struck, 'and upon which rumor tho run on the stock had its start. It would certainly be & fonny thing if the Corner follows knew more about the mtue than the Ir- jal manager, though that ie not absolutely im. poiisihlo, so curiohe are the ways and- facte of mining in these years of .grace ; but- going :upon the probabilities, and. tbe impressions of 'the men outside the Dykes ring at the Corner, L infer the rig as an unquestionable fact, mystery or no mystery as to ' paid emissaries in the laiae1 forking7 above pir t j i" . ' ii'.j ol : w ' ... , . . >tm . » n . . the instigation and pay n enterprising brokers.. MJJ ki\? S ?8 B0DJ0 asis roto® mMbihty for therun on both tho DykW, for wouth Uyko 8 has a washand is getting a 1 1 ttlo gold; and thero is good reason to presume that Dyke'i Pr0.wr» il .,!1I0 ? Portion 6f thti satho deposit, so th litUb. inflation of prices last week was not altogether without, warrant. Of course, such pranks are only easy with small pricedstocks, and tnoa.vfcAgodoho, jf Ry be done, is not alarming, llioimprovoment in the Australasian group was «no to the actual proApeete in the several mines of the group, aa advance of neariy 50 per cent, in Australasian Extended and North Australasian being tuo most pronounced improvement in that scries of ventures. The steadily maintained output' of gold' in the New Australa- , wan, and the accepted certnioty of. the gutter in tlio North and tho Extended were of thorn selves onough to givo firiuuess to all the scries, hut tho bores in tue Extended having proved an enormous width of wA«h, gutters and banks, the' advance in the Extended and, by sympathy, in . the North, was a logical rosnli in a market not indisposed to speculation. Tho half-yearly report of tlio Extended states the width of gutter and oanks, as tested by the bores from the drive, across the gutter's course, At £37 feet, and of tho gutter itself at DO feet.. A goodly spread of pre- sumablygoldondeppsit truly, and if jt turn out to bo only as rich as Mint in the parent claim, Ex tended shares will necessarily go boyoud present rates, .The opening up of the- gutter in the-Lxtondod will help towards tho soluUon of h® Problem wbetbef or' not the .Australasian (Red Streak) gutter goes into tbo Madame Berry, as some of the knowing ones havo held to bo rrobablo, and the itsue is oue of interest to a good many peopfo. Australasian Consols did noticaprovo much last week in price, but the only stock in tho croun that had no advance and /bo least business was tho pareut ono, New Australasian ending tho week at About tho opening rates or a shade easier. In the King ston stocks Madame Berry, as usual, had hardly any business ; "Lord Harry as little, but a more fluctuating market with receding tendency. Lone Hand hail almost daily business at firm rates, and Loughliu, had a busy week, with a rush up in tho mlddlo to 74s. and back subsequently to lower than the rates obtained at the beginning of the weak. There is not much gold yet to show for the value, and moro must bo os to warrant any improvement in prices. Berry tfonsola uas firmed upon tho settlement of tho company's shaft policy, and the stock was in good demand, 100s. being reached on Wednesday and prices then onsin'g, the stock being disregarded on Friday, tho . busy day of tho little rig in the Dykes: anu Saturday's business being small and at about Thursday's closing ratios, 07s. to 07s. fid. t-be hiehor price, IGCs-.-ia not oxtravAgant nnd wul bo passed, 1 think, if another mishap do not occur to delay tho sinking of the shaft, but with the iron cylinders well .made, and their fixing cqrofolJy. seen to, the work should go on without any moro delay, than that which is inseparable from so' deep and ugly a drift as that shaft is in. The directors liavo accepted the tender from Brown's foundry for supply .of shaft cylinders,, at £13 10s. . por ton, do- iivcrcd ; total cost, between £$00 and £900. Thht progress will be slow is certain, and the most tb&t; shareholders can hone for is that it shall go on without any now. disaster or any unforcsoon difficulty. Tbo'other members of tho Berry group have kept steady, and have oven commanded improved prices, ono's having had moBt business, and a littla. the lost in tho advance. A good deal of interest has been attaching, to a dispute between two mobs of talkers, one assorting that the Consols is.draining tho Madame Borry upper drifts and rock, and tho othor declaring tho thing to bo impossible.' Ono thing is certain, namely, that tho Borry had no such drift as tho Consols, and that for anything known to tho contrary tho allegod draining ie possiblo. The point to get at is how far the Borry scarcity of water synchronises with the Consols tapping of tho drift. I commend this to tue consideration of the disputants. In tho Hepburn group, Consols has bad most attention, having had daily businesBatunprovingrates for the most part, though there isa conflict of opinion asio whether it was wise in tho-dircctors to have the shaft so far oast of tho deepest boro. Truo, ac cording to present trend of tho Paddock gutter the Consols shaft is not too far cat at all, and it u fair to prcsnmo that the Consols deep bore either indicates another gutter west of the shaft, or a very big bend in tho gutter from tho Pad dock westward from tho Paddock norh boun dary. The eastward show is bolieved in on the strength of tho Paddock indications, and a frc3h move eustward is to bo made in the Consols, a relaying of the drivo rails thero being te- flolved upon. Tho Clunes alluvial ground docs not look . very well yot, but may tdrn out nil right. In Ballarat propor the _ alluvial i« about nif,\ the Rhys having given up the ghost apparontly.for want of gold or capital to got it with. The Huddon grounds continue to produce steadily. The out- put of gold reported last week was 3604 oz., which is a littlo over that of tho previous week, tho oxcess boing in quartz gold ; the wcok includ ing the Band Albion fortnightly cako amongst others. The Band Albion yield was bolter than that of the previous fortnight, tho quartz apart from the pyrites returning 5 dwt. 17 gr, and a fraction over to the ton— n paying average, but a slowly producing dividend, one. The drive couth i od tho liaogmgwall at the north end has not disclosed any notable chango in the stone, but in a crosscut cast there is. a better show of gold, and if the makebpenn up. answerably to the show thero an improved yield may bo lookod for. There has been a hotter clearing up in Smith's Freehold, f>7 oz. for half time, and tho look of things on tho lioo generally is a . littlo hottor on tho whole. But tbore is grumbling in tho Smith's United rogion over a conflict betwoen tho policy of-.tho. Miners' Association ns to contracts for stopmg aim vnc mtercsts of tho mine of tho value of tho Association as a help to labor as against ttepcsaiblo tyranny of capital there is no doubt, but tho measure of that value will bo the wisdom with which that help is uffordod, and I am not quite sure that in all coses tho application of tho policy of ' discountenancing freo con tracts- . isx discreet. In tho Smith's - United, for instanco, tbo wages systom of stoping is play ing old gooseberry with tho shareholders. I have certainly hoard of a rnino, not 100 miles from Mount Esortou, being a u benevolent asylum," hat if ail I hear bo truo, beard from official sources teo, the United is not unphilanthropically worked at present in the interests of tho wages man. Sloping contracts wore invited from as sooiation men in tho mine, and their tenders were excessive. Public competition was hinted at, and then tbo management was threatened with a strike in the not romolo distanco, and . tho consequence is lb at whereas the company's battery is equal to the reduction of 450 tons the fortnight, less than half a week's supply was furnished to tho mill by tbo elopers last week. Ofcourso calls have to furniBb wnccs whon the battery does not, and it is a question bow long shareholders can afford to stand the drain. That is the nut for tho miners of the As sociation to look to tbo cracking of. In Ballarat East, things are about as usual. Tho North Woah H℘ has a fair show, for the parent claim keeps up a tolerable output, and has a pro mising outlook. The Bgerton and Gordon mines nro not in .particularly good fettlp just now. Black Horse is steady, economical, .and tho Is. dividend i'b still' looming near TheEgcrton is not payjng expenses just now, or ver$ littlo more if doing so, and thero is no chango yet in the mine to warrant hope of an . early divi- dead. ThoAtock is low in the market, and has hardly any business. It is the samo.'wibb the Parker's United too. Tho lower lovel is not open ing so Well as "was b6pcd lor; and tho more northerly exploration will be probably necessary. That is going on, at any rale, and in tho 400 foet level sopth the lodo, chough small, i$ reported to be looking a little bettor.1 Nothing to report from the Still Creek discovery, nor from the Great Northern Parker's and Jones Bradford region. i : 7 SANDHURST. 1 1 Misfortunes never come singly, ' as was exem plified i&the;8tete of mining matters last week. The market, which was sufficiently depressed by an extraordinary tightness in tho money market, and a falling off in the yields 'of some of our best mines, rcceircd the coup tleprfice from tho un favorable decision given in the equity case of Cunning v. Lady Barkly, which may he law, but is certainly'not justice. Ab it in the thin end of tho wedge, which may yot strike a deadly blow at the root of mining speculation, prompt and de cisive action will be noccssiiry to prevent its in fluence spreudiug. The Government of tbo day .will be v held x responsible, . unless tho Limitation Bill ie passed through all its stages with lightning rapidity. The Minister of Mines, Mr. Levicn, nas with < praisoivortby promptitude drafted a bill which it is expected will meot tho case. This bas beoh submitted to tbo Cabjnot for approval, and an opportunity for revising or suggesting amendments will be af forded -the bet authorities on such matters in this <Stj » In the meantime a monster petition is being signed hero by all classes praying the Legislative, Assembly to pass the bill without delay, and all tho .pressure that can be brought to bear with that object in view will be exerted. The" Lady Barkly case is only one of a num- bor sure to follow which, if not pre vented ih Luiao - way will be ruinous in the extreme!' The plaintiff in tto caso has gained a verdict foevtbo re-instatcment of 7480 shares, .which however will only represent ;a two-thirds interest, in tho present company, which was amalgamated with the North Devonshire subse quent to tbo , illegal forfeiture of tho shares. Thero wore altogether some S0f»0 shares forfeited lit the samo time, but as many of these were in dummy namos and others bare boon lost or de stroyed, tho company will not suffer to tho fuller- tcntof thoshares forfeited. An appeal to abigher court may upset tho decision, but tho simple fact of such an action being successful bas caused irropurable injury to the district by crcuting a fooling ' of insecurity in mining stock, which should not oxisL ' The managements of companies in tho call paying stago aro only too prono to conduct affairs in a lax manner, but thero shoold bo some securityugainst these Mencs being taken ad vantage of aftor a number of years hjxvo elapsed. Indoed, the whole question ol mining manag-raent is in. urgent need of radicaf reform, as many manifest abuses of so glaring a natureas to strikotho least critical observer exist on all sides. No legislative enactment can get to . tl root of these evils,, but the power lie? in the hands of the shareholders in joint 6 tock' com panies themselves,' who, as. a rule, display a callousness to their own interests which would- net be noticeable in the conduct of the most or- dinary.buainess pursuits. The great event of fclie weok his been the fulfil- tho UjwMBqtpb- . sbiro directors of a second dividend of 6s. $d. per fihar6. Thelf yield fs .2765' oz. from 510 loads, a zfcaghificent ' return, slightly in-cxc&a; of list fortnight's. Besides the dividend tbey» havo placed £500 to the machinery account, and havo . an oqual sum of money left in hand. The slopes look' as well as over, and it is jubt' possible an other third of a pound will bo the amount of the dividend noxt , fortnight. t During tho past seven and a half months they havo declarod 32s, 10J. ..per share in dividoods, or total of £45,906 13s. 4il. New Chum Rail way, New Chum United, and New St. Mungo , 'have each improved yields, but with theioexcep- tlons tbo remainder are either mediocre, or show a falling off, especially noticeable in tho Garden Gully united Company and «Soulb Devonshire Company. Notwithstanding this, tho aggregate yield? .tire excellent; nearly reaching 7Uu0 or., und the dividends oeclaro-l amount to the re spectable total of £I3,5S6 lis. '2d. Amongst tbo companies appearing in the list of dividends will be tound the Catherine United, whose share holders havo not had that pleasure since 1S7S. An extended notice of this mino appears in another column, and will bo found interesting to holders of the stock. . So many disturbing .influences were at work . lit weok that bubincss in the share market was very much circumscribed, .and tbo values of. stock show a -further depreciation.., Tho following nro tee fluctuations Acott, 3s.' Dd., 3s. 3d., '3s. 5d. j Belmont and Saxby, 38s., 34b. ; Briihn's. 38s. 6d«, 39s. . fid., 37s. fid.j Barnes,' 2s., .2s. 3d.j Craven's. 3s. Id.; Duke, 10s. Od., 9s. 8d., 10s. Id., Da. od., 10s; 2d., 9s. lOd; ; Duchess of Edin burgh, 24s., 24a. 6d., 21s.; Duchess Tribute, los., lis. 3d., 13s. 6d.; Extended Sooth Devon, os, fid., 9s. tkl. ; EUosmoro, Ids.; Ellenborotigb, 218., 22s. ; Frederick tho Great, 3Ss. 9d., 37s. 3d.; Garden Gully United, 89s., 84s.f 87s. fid. : Golden iyko, 2s., 2s. Id.; Golden Ago, 4s. ; Great Ex tended Hnstlcr's Tribute, 3s. 3s., 3s. Cd.; Gari- bnldi, 9s. 6d., 10s,; Hnstlcr's Rescrvo No. 2, 4s. fid., 5s.; Hopewell, 15s., 14s. ; Johnson and Web ster, 5s. 30d., 5s. 3d.; Lady Barkly, 28s., 30s., 38s. fid., Sis., 20s.; La Belle; 10s. 9d., lls. 3d.; New Chum United, 28s. 0d., 2fis. fid., 25s. Od.; Now St, Mungo, 336. 0d., 32s. fid. ; North-Rose, 2s. 2d., 2s.; North Shouundoah, 10s, 4 J d., 9s. fid., IDs. fid. ; New Victoria Catherine, 15s, 9d., 15s. 3d.; North Old Chum, 17s. 3d., 21s.. 19s, Ijd., 20s. .3d,; New Chupi and Victoria, 1 3'j. 4.J d., lis. 3d.; Nil, Raywood, 5s. ; Princess Dagmar, 16s. 3d., 10s. 6d:, '16s.; Park, 9s., lis.; Rose of Denmark, 103. 3d.; South Dovonshiro, 30s. 3d., 25s. 9d,, 26s. 3d., 22s.; Specimen Hill United, fin. 4d,, fis. 7d., 6s. 3d.; Sb6unndoab, 12s»71d., 12s.; South St. Mungo, 20s. fid., 19s., 21s. ; South. Catherine, Is. 4d.; South Acott, 74d., 86., fild.; Sydney Flat, 4s. 4d., 4s. 10d., 4s. Id.; Sooth Sydney Flat; 9d., lOid., Qd. ; Snobs,. 2s. fid., 2s. Id.; United Johu- son, 8s. 9d.; United Dovonshiro, 63s.,.fi5sM 56s, fid., 57s. fid., 55s. fid.; Victorian St. Mungo, Is, 4 Ad. ; Victoria Quartz, 10a. fid., 10s., 12s. -fid,; "lork and Durham, 7s. 10Jd., 7s. 3d: ; . Good .progress has been m'ado in goncral work in the i>rincipal mines. ' The New Chum Railway have a much improved yield of 308 oz. 14 dwt. from 453 loads, with dividend of 9d. porsharo, and tho slopes looking even bettor than usual, Eureka Extended will resume crushing from reef, and aro keoping tlioir shaft going in tho moan timo. SfacunudoaU crosscut at 1078 feet proceed ing rapidly, and stono in winze from 978 ieot looks well. North Shenandoah' roof iu winzo now -31 feet thick, and showing gold freely. Shamrock yield shows slight increase. Young Chum cut west fr.g of rocf In intermediate cross cut from riso on Hhonandoah reof. Garibaldi fihaft froui surfaco is down 210 feet, with risofroin 600 fcot to meet the shaft up 53 feet. This leaves 232 foct to connect, which will take many months to complete. The blind shaft is now at & depth of 800 feet from tho surface. New Chum Con solidated gold for fortnight is 114 02. 2 dwt. from 108 loads. Thoy havo connected winzo from 850 to 930 feet level, but havo found east leg of rcof, cut off by a slido which throws tho quartz to tho csii, now unum uniioti davo ino nno yioiu ot COS oz, 12 dwt. from 336 loads, and find the new reef under tho slide at 1025 foot going 60Uth, 15 inches thick, with good gold in tho stone. Owing to rumors that crushing bad been com- locticcd from the rcof in Lansoll's 180 claim, and that the quartzahowpd nice gold, a strong demand set in for Victoria Quartz, NewCbnmand Victoria and North Old Chum with advance in prices. The latter company's shaft is down 1522 feut, and crosscut at 1450 foet oxtended 87 feot, with a winze to bo started at once on tho lava at tbo ond of tho crosscut. The prospecting claims botweon tho Hercules and Enorgotic and tho Now St, Muiigo. aro getting on bettor with- their Gbafts. borne rich spccimons woro oxhibited at the office of. tho New. St. -5Iungo, obtained, from a spur 6 inches thick in tho north level at 575 foot. The winze in this lovel is down IS feet in blank ground, and south lovel stopped for tho present. Tlioir amalgam for tbo weak showed decided im provement— 271 oz. from 102 loads. Fortnight's yield was 2S0 oz.,.mude up from 235 oz. from 19fi tous of quartz crushed, and tho halanco from copper plates and pyrites. Duchess Tribute have connected winzo with shaft and resumed sinking. South Dovonbhire 'yiold shows still further de crease, last week's boing only 90 oz., and for the fortnight 305 oz.. from 550 loads. No dividend declared, and shares very week, as this is ono of . the companies likely to bo involrod in the law troubles,. A very deplorablo blunder has been mado in connecting the new shaft with rise from 450 feot lcrql, .which is 2.) foct out of plomb, and will havo to be cut down at considerable ox pouso. Duchess of Edinburgh havo cut western plat, und extended crosscut 17 foet, or a total of 22 foot from shaft at 650 foot lcvof. The eastern flat is in 11 feot in spurry country." . United Dovonshiro havo 2765 oz. from 540 loads, which includes 83 oz. from pyrites ; divi- dend, 6s. 8d. .Princess Alexandra at -591 feet have carried tho crosscut to their western boundary, without cutting any spurs. Driven lovQjs.fe" anu e-th on black leader in alr-2wL„Sji almost 8iu..i uuu uavo now started to riso on tho leader ; shaft down 631 foet. Pboonix in another 20 feot, with opon out to crosscut. Reef in winzo showing fair gold. South St. Mungo north level at 531 fcot on Devonshire reef continued to disclose a hotter quality of quartz, which now carries gold frooly. North levol at 610 foot on tho spurs also shows payablo gold, Lady Barkly amalgam poor, 202 oz. In tho oarly >nrt of tho wcok a rumor got about that thoy had seen successful in tbo equity suit., -which caused a quick riso in tho shares, but a still greater fall took placo afterwards, when it became knpwn that they had lost tho day. Tho offeeb on othor companies has boon very disastrous, hr many moro aro said .to be in' tho samo fix. Sadowa amalgam, 2(59 oz., shows great improve ment. At 340 feet tho west crosscut for Dovon sbiro reef intorsocted sovernl spurs. Eilcnborough amalgam, 365 oz., fairly good. There will bo no dividend for- somo timo, as tho compensation money required to bo paid to tho relations of tbo miners killed la tho . Into accident will absorb all tho profits. Belmont and Saxby yiolds gradually getting -better, tbo last of 305 oz. boing no ox- caption. Tho rcof at 810 feot levol is now 10 fcot thick, with spurs numerous in tho face of tho crosscut. Catherine United havo 20S oz. gold from 660. loads, and declared a dividend of fid. per share. They will increase tboir fortnightly output of quartz shortly, and consequently their yields. On tbo Garden Gully lino tho horizon still con tinues overcast. Tho <:ardon Gully United is missing from tho dividend list for tho first timo foi many months, but tbo yield (371 oz. 8 dwt.), though not sufficient to give a dividend, loavqs a fair porccntago of profit, and docs not show 'an alarming decredse from late returns. They will bo crushing poor quartz .for some time yot. Vic tory and Pandora Amalgamated aro now ready to start crosscut at' 1660 feet, which will bo com- mooccd .immediately. > Roso of Denmark havo 102 oz.. 11 dwt. from 255 loads. 'North Rose proposo erecting a small . winding plant. . ; Princess Dagmar crushed 64 -loads for 86 oz. gold, and have cut the reof at 570 foet, with stono 3 feet wide showing gold. The winze from 530 fcot has bocn connected with this, and will bo continued to 600 feet levol. Started to extend crosscut at 6S0 feet, and will, put in. an intermediate crosscut at 630 feet. Johnson and Webster aro nutting in u crosscut 20 feot bighor up in tho old bucks, and driving nouth on tho reef at 600 feot. A better plan than the now. crosscut would be to riso on tbo rcof. On the Hustler's line tho Park Company's r.outh level will, in a few days, be into tho ground of the Hustler's Resorvo No. 2, aud as tbo reef still keeps strong the lattcrrorapany should have, a fair prospect. Royal Hnstlcr's shaft down '912 feet, and crosscut commenced at 9G0 foet..- Great Extended Hustler's Tribute; East crosscut at 1352 foct- extdoded '99 ' feot, and passed through a bard lava 1 foot (bck ; now in slate aud quartz spurs. Tcj Great Ext' nded Hustler's Company havo resumed coking tlioir shaft. Sydney Fiat- Company's reef at 100 feet has been showing good gold lately, Tbe half year just brought to a close has been a most successful one, and compares very favor ably with tho corresponding period lust year. Tho gold returns amount to £116,483 ox. against 86,889 oz. ; dividends, £174,76/ against £142,739; and calls on- an'equality, about £97; 000. Tho profits therefore amount to £78,119, as against £45,541 :for tho first halt of 1SS2.( ' \- ' ' CASTLEMAINE. The Now Era Company, Fryerstown,cleanedup for the fortnight and obtained '72 oz. 6' dwt. of goldiroiq 800 tons of stono, which is rather slight. At No. 5 level ,tho winzo is down 13 feet on tho underlay, und still in stone. The stone intho backs over tbo north level is making larger. At No. 4 Jovcl thero is a largo quantity of stono in eight. Thero is nothing special to report ; al the faces nro in first class working order. Tho No. 3 Jovel south is now 71 foct from the crosscut. A lovel has been commenced about 20 feet lower down on 6tono. All other parts of the mino are looking as ' usual. The company has secured a valnablo addition to their pro perty by the purchase of tho adjoining lease, formerly held by the Dnko and Duchess. United Company, togctbor with the machinery. At tbo Perron's Reef Company, Fryerstown, they havo ex tended south drivo at No. 3 lovel 26 feet, making total from crosscut 102 feet. Patches of "quartz' havo been couie upon in tho drivo, and tboro is now about 2 feet in tho face. The , rise at tbe No". 4 level has been put up 6 feet, making total from backof drivo 36 feet. The drive through tho croHshcad at the oimo level bn'sboon extended 8 feet, making 90 feot from crosscut. TbeNuggery Company, "Campbell's Creck;iJ:i\l'o resumed sink ing ah'J gone doivn ri feet, making t-otal depth 440 foct. The Royal Saxon Company, Fryerstovtn. aro breaking out stone from tho 130 feet level for. crushing.' They 'have' plenty of stonio'irerk' upon, and gold can be sepn in tbe breaking of it. Crushing will be commenced to-day (Tuesday). At tbe Chapel-bill Cordpany, Frycrstown,. the abaft bas been ausk 10 feet for tho fortnight, making total, depth abodt 130 foot.. Quartz leaders have been passed through in sinking, which are lull of metal, rfnd look promising. A trial crashing taken from a new make of stono at tbo 80 feet lovol gavo.iyield of over 6 dwt. to the ton, wMch was a satisfactory return for tbe labor expended. The Wheal Margery Company, Cbewton, is at present, idle, in consequence of tho ground lately tforkbd by tho tribute not being payable. At tbo next board mealing tbe di- roctersiutend to tako into consideration tho further working of tbo mine on more equitable terms. At the United Ajax Company tbe winze between the 300 and 400 feet levels has been completed, and a drive is being put in tbo spurs from which a prospect had been got at tbe commdncomenl. Tbo' con tractors at the 500 feet have driven north 15 feet and south 20 feet during the fortnight-. Driving IB- being carried, on at tbe intermediate level between too 300. aud, 400 feet both north and 80utb. In the latter place a few specks of gold have been seen .in the. stone, which they ore now. following. ' . In the Pbreeveranco Company, Frycrstown. Tbe reef at the 230 feet level is still showing Avoll for ouanUlv and gold. They havo driven 42 feet south and 45 feot ' north on tbe'eoorse of tho'Iodo, and have also driven 10 feet west, Tbe quartz seems to continue in that direction and of similar ' quality ; 160 tons of slone-from all rouud bas been crushed, and a yield of 38 oz. 16 dwt. of gold obtained. Tbere is every prospect of the yield increasing. The directors intend to. proceed with the erection of pumpHigand winding encino. which bas been on tho ground some time. TheEnterpri&o; Company, Frycrstown, during tho fortnight have been ex- tending tbo levels ou tho course of tbo reof north and Boutb, so as to enablo them to work tho backs more profitably. Tho reef looks per manent, and nico gold is showing. They are now fixing up the friction .gear, which, when erected, will bo able to crush moro stone. - Plenty of stone has been found in rising npdn.tbc backs which is carrying gold, and will cnhanco the valuo of tbo mine. From 160 tons of stono crushed tbey obtained 32 oz. of gold. A better yield is ex pected next- crushing. The contractors in tho Forest Crcok Wattl Gully Company have driven 30 fcot, making total from shaft 142 feet Tho ground is getting more favorable, with about 2 feet of a dip, and water coming in as wo near tho slide. -A few morodays will bring thorn to it. Tbo Moonlight Flat S.P. Company cloaned up, and obtained 7 oz. 10 dwt. of gold. Tho Garfiold Company, Cbowton, had 69 oz. 3 dwt. for the fortnight, which is not up to tbe usual return. About 100 tons of stono less bay© been crushed, which will account for it. Somo very nice specimens have been found at difforoht times at Tariidale, which has led porsons to think that tboro must ho a rich quartz. reef somowhoro about. , Last week two biothors, named Diss, whilst prospecting near tho Coliban Hotel, carao upon a nico specimen, which, when weighed, turned thosculo at 7 oz. 10 dwt.: it was thought that it would yield 6 oz. of puro gold. FrCm a dish ' of ' stuff which they washed from the' surface they obtained an oxcollcnt prospect. At the Ellis's Freehold Company, Malmsbury, tbe yield of gold for tho tertnipht was 103 oz. Tho general work of tho mine is being pusbed forward without much chango, excopt that the gutter is now bettor de fined, and increased yields aro anticipated. The cast bottom lovel has been extended 51 feot, most of it through a fino soft slate country, ind still good inthcf.ico. . Tho Queen's Birthday Com pany, Malmsbury, have finished driving tho lobby and tbo well, and cut tbe by-wash by tbe dam, also all tbo necessary drains that aro ro quired ; and arc only waiting tho erection of tho battery to commonco crushing thoir pilo of quartz.' Tho .Bolltoppor-hill Company, Malms- bury, daring the fortnight havo extonaod their tunnel 37 foot further, with two Bbifts, mak ing a total distance of 228 feet. Two small leaders havo bconlcut through and tho ground is gefetingbetierfor blasting. Tho Great WondorCom- pany, Malmsbury, are oponiug up their mine, and when their drives aro further oxtended blocking will commence. During tho past wceksomohara bars of reof havo been met with, which will havo to bo cut through in order to preserve the level. Good progress is boing uado with tho tunnel to tbo reef in the Belltoppcr Crown Reef, Malms bury, and a contract for the extension of samo will bo accepted by tho directors at tboir next board meeting. At tho Golden Eagle Coin- party, Fryerstown, the tributeria havo increased thoir number of men during the past wcok, in order to open up the around to t he north of tho claim, which, when reached, no doubt will afford thorn considerable profit for tbe whole term of their lease, and ho -a sourco of income to tho parent company. Tho batteries will be cloaned up at tbo end of this wcok. Tho tributers in tho Mitchell's Estato Company, Guildford, havo opened out on No. 2 shaft and driven north 12 fcot ; total from shaft, 18 feet. They have also driven west 16 feet ; wash well defined nnd good ip-ound for workiug, and yielding fair prospects. Tho water is .ratbor troublesome. Tho main drivo of tho Mnckleford Estato .Company has beon extended 44 foot for the week, or total of 186 feet from chamber. Tho Nowstoad Loddon Leads Company have sunk tboir shaft 11 feet ior tho week, making total depth 46' feet. At Lock's Company,- Sandy Crock, Mnldon, tht> shaft has been sunk 5 feet ; total depth from 3S0 foot levol, 37 feet. North drive at tbe 329 fcot lovel driven 4 fcot; total,, 130 feet. Tlioro is a little water in this drive now, and n good footwall ; : no other change. ' The stopes over tho back of the 330 are looking well as.ueual; thoy will clean up from 70 tons in tho courso of u day or two : a ' contract has been lot for excavation of dam. Tbe manager and engineer . have been inspecting several plants, but havo hot met with a suitable ono yet. Tlio Old' Qjniri-z-hUrCompany, Ohow- »— .v«uin>n So fcot during tbo fortnicbt in ' slato ; country rathor harder ; total length of erosscut, 139 fcot. Tho directors consider tho distance already driven should liavo brought thorn to the reof. Theroforo an expert is to visit tho mice, nnd dctermino tho advisability of con tinuing tbo crosscut or opening out on tho 5 feet of quartz already cut through. At tho Yundoit Grand Junction Company, a vory fair prospect of gold bos boon got this wcok in tho wosiorn drivo for the first time, and there is dvery ap- poaranco of a large field of wash being oponcd up there. The yiold of gold for tho week has been 15 oz., with a good washing to go to noxt week's account. At tuo Whito Horso Company, Cbow ton, fair progress is being mado with tbo erection of- plant. The stack is iow up 30 foet, and nearly 'completed. Tho ongino and winding drum »ro now fixed, and are being fitted. They expect to have steam up in about a fortnight. 