MR. MONOURE CONWAY AT THE PROTESTANT HALL, Last evening Mr Moncnre D. Conway, M.A., delivered the firBt of a scries of " Twelve Leotures for tbe Times," at the Protestant Hall, the subject being " Toleration of Opinion and Pleas for Perse cution." The hall was filled with a refined and cuuiYBittu Buuieucc iur v-»uurra/, iu a ijuicu uti assuming Btyle, commenced to speak of the manner in which the old-fashioned people of the present day looked npon freetbooght. He related the story of a lady who said she did not believe ,in ghosts, but she was afraid of them. He had been in Melbonrne recently, and was struck by tbe fact that in that eminently Presbyterian city they celebrated the fourth centenary of Luther with a grand steeplechase. Melbourne wae essen tially a religious city, as there were some 100 different sectB flourishing therein. But the skies wept at such a celebration, and psrhaps it was not entirely out of place that they did so. He was not a worshipper of Luther, as Luther was emi nently a superstitious man. But ho could admire Luther for fighting his battle nobly and fearlessly. 'He could admire him for sweeping away a large amount of tbe hocus-pocus which had, nntil his time, become associated with religion, which the proclamation of the reformer had in a great degree ebattered. He (Mr Con way) bad been to Rome Dot long ago, and had seen what was called tbe holy stairway, whereon JeBtis had descended after his interview with Pilate. Through some mistake on the part of the driver, he (Mr Conway) thought he was ascend ing to one of the Romish museums, and had conse quently commenced walking up, when he was arrested by a rhout by divers priests and screams from some women, who were progressing upstairs on their knees, and he had to come down feeling rather humiliated than otherwise. It was on those very steps that Lather had, four centuries ago, ascended half way, and being over- powered by the thought that the snperstitions of the ignorant people of that time had been so worked npon in connection with those steps, that he im mediately ran down in disgust, - Those steps were probably never in Jerusalem at ail, but that was no detraction from their- worth, (Laughter.) Luther was too fond of force in his manner of at tacking tho superstitions of the time, so much so that his wife, in the latter stages of the reformer's career, complained that he had become quite gloomy from lack of something to contend against. One of the greatest benefits that Luther had conferred upon humanity was his marrying a nun, thus Bhowing that it was pos- every way the duties of social life. Passing on to the present day, and judging now of the march of the enfranchisement of intellect from tho earliest ages, it would be seen that tbe law of progress and improvement was as much at work now as ever it was. As far as Victoria was concerned, out of a population of 862,000, there were 20,000 who had found tbemsolves free enough to repudiate every form of Chris tianity. It was true that they had the laws against blasphemy and such things still in force, but they would rather, he trusted, be preserved as curiosi ties of "obsolete times than as signs of tbe present state of public opinion. But even in Melbourne, with its enlightened press and its magnificent library, a set of religious persons existed who had formed themselves into a coalition against the freedom of speech — so strong and so energetic that it was possible that liberal thought might be restricted for a long time to come. The learned and eloquent Mr Charles Strong I (applause) had been com pelled to go ; and it was a question whether the Bishop, wilh all his generous sympathies and his large-heartedness, might not be compelled to go as well. But there was after all a danger that freethinkers shonld go too far in supporting thsir ideaB against bigotry and intolerance. They should remember that many of these bigots might be sincere in their own views, and should not ne cessarily treat them as mere professions. He himself had, with two companions, attended the service at Ihe Oratory at Birminghham one very- cold winter's morning, when John Henry Newman, who bad since been created a cardinal, celebrated mass. Besides themselvee, there was only one other, an Irish domestic, And yet that man whose road at one time had led direct to tbe Arch bishopric of Canterbury, had voluntarily surrendered all hia prospects to enter tbe Chnrch of Bome. In this colony people could procure almost any kind of sheep they required, the general preference being given to sheep with the most wool and tbe shortest legs. Well, at home they were trying to produce, thinkers who should have the greatest amount of intellectual wool while their legs should be as Bbort as possible, so that they should not kick over tho traces. (Laugh ter and cheers.) Cardinal Newman was a case in point, for in spile of all his enormous ' learning and deep research, his legs, so to speak, were of tbe ehortest. After alleding to the difficulties in the present day of spreading scientific opinions in a way that would not offend the taste of the bypsr- critical, tho lecturer went on to say that in the future he hoped to see the great questions of faith and religion, and all those grand and im measurable issneB which men were asking ques tions about, treated in a fair and fearless manner, unhampered with any fear of persecution for heresy in either a direct or in a boycotting fashion. At the conclusion of his lecture, Mr Conway re ceived a unanimous and hearty burst of applause, and he retired as quietly as he bad appeared, simply bowing bis acknowledgments to the evi dently delighted audience. To-night Mr Conway will lecture on " Demonology and Devil Lore." 