OHAPifeb xxxn. IBB OOTliltSOB'B BILL. Xbs muoh-taUed-dl ball at length Craved, atwhioh Her Majeity'snew representative in ytotod* entertained the th'lwiWftf of the colony, itnah speculation had Veen indulged in M late in Melbourne M to the impression which the newly-arrived Governor ^ould make on the trablie. Hii popularity in the oolony, it ku jkBown, would entirely depend onsagaoity and good government, qualities whioh his pre fleoessor Sid tailed fc manifest. Elaborate preparations were roade in the shape of pur : nhMlng dreuee, especially by the fairer nor . Hon efthe oommunity, for the, grand oooauon. I arrived moderately eatlyat Goverment House, the ball-room was fitted out for the ooeaaion, in magnificent style, knd all the arrangements wen earned oat with taste and oompleteneas. The ladies were dressed in . a gorgeous and expensive'style; butl was not alittlB proud to observe that the lovely Mies Graem excelled them all in beauty a$a brilliancy. Thenotioe ?he attracted beforeshe had long arrived wu manitWtnd among the group oE gentlemen around me. 11 Who ia she i" said one. "My eyes, what a stunner!" ezolaimed another. " What a glorious cra&taro.; Does any one know her name ? " aBked a third. . , " Ask Bloomfield there," remarked one of my aoquaintanoee; and an eager crowd at Onoe gstbered roasi ma, pretting me tor the wished-for information. I answered with as Muned indifference " All I know abont the lady is that her name is His* Graem, and that she is a Sydney native." "By jingo." saidone, "I often heard of the beautlfal Sydney natives, bat never until this moment had snoh proof." "Bloomfield is aiuoky dog to be ac quainted with suoh a ran beauty," whispered another. Hamilton came near at this fcno ment, when I stepped to one side with him. ' His first observation was " Doesn't Winnie look well to night, Bloom field?" "She looks charming, Hamilton. All the gentlemen present are struok with her beauty, ao that you mustlook sharp after yonr prize." I think that you onght to assist me in the defence of the fair citadel, Bloomfield, and monopolise her company when I am not near, lor I would tire her by pressing my oompany too much; and besides, yon are getting an im mense favourite with her," "PoorHamilton,1'I thought, "yon are not ao deni in love matters as you are in legal; .otherwise yon.would not rely so mooh on yonr friend's assistance." I felt for the moment & ?trong conviction that I was not dealing hon aetly with my friend. But, alas! the consoien i jaruple soon vanished when I found my ingtaed with Winnie in the mar.es of the Ihgdtcoe. Oht the delirium of those \«* .we whirled round the belle ot the ball, whose dazzling loveliness at tracted so much attention, was sufficient to break down the barrier of reserve wrhioh I had oonstruoted for the sake of my friend Hamil ton. I shall leave my oase in the hands of a jury of baohclors, who may have foundthem setaes whirling in the danoo under circum stances similar to my own. I oould not help acknowledging my love. Several times the image of Edith Mowbray appeared to my mind's eye; but remembering how cruelly ?he had deserted me, pride each time earns to my relief. " Ah I" I thetaght, " would she were here now to see the charming creature that leans on my arm, and return the affeo tion wbioh she has spurned." _ Twice I imagined, while meditating thus, that I caught a glimpse of the deep- blue eyes which had kindled my boyish love, and the same graceful figure in the person of a lady who whirled with her partner near us ; but I was too full of my ? own thoughts to take muoh notice of the resemblanoe. 1 remember pausing for a few seoonds to rest, and also to give my partner abetter op portunity of replying to my ardent proposals. My arm supporting her waist, and her left hand rested upon my shoulder^ while the other was detained by me. Thus we stood back out of the course of the danoers. I bent my faoe close to her ear, saving "I shall be very proud, Winnie, of engaging the greatest beauty here this evening if she will only say the little word that my heart is yearning to bear." Bin blnshed and bent down her eyes, as if shunning the gaze of some one behind, in which direction her eyes were turned, without replying to my question. *' What do you say, lovely one ? Am I then in your afleotlon ? For pity s sake, relieve me out at my misery." A gentle pressure of both her hands inter rupted the protestation, a#i she whispered-^ .'The lady'behind will overbear. She is casting suBpioious looks towards you." I changed my position . Uttle in order to faoe a lady ana gentleman who I knew were etanding nke oursetvps out of the danoe to rest, when my eyes enoountered the same orbs which had flashed upon me several times in the waits. Was it dreaming or was it the ghost of Kdith Mowbray which stood before me? I was transfixed-unable to move or articulate a word. A stifled scream proceeded from the lady, who but for her partner's as sistance would have falAo. Her cheeks^ be came very pale, and she appealed m if about to faint. Her partner assisted her out of the saloon, while 1 stood where I had first wen tier in a most perfect state ot bewilderment. Winnie at me In litter astonishment, and her wards," " Come iiito the air," brought ine to my senses, ... ' '? Willingly," I replied, otmdaotfng her medhatiosBy through the throng of loungers. "Doyouknow who that lady Is' f she en '^IflSnSTlSo; but I am not certain," I re plied evasively. , «I notioed her several times wtfdhlng os during the waits. But Whata lorelj woman she is, far handsomer than powme, although yon flatter me so," said die, slightly pouting. '. " She is not handsomer Winnie; of that I km positive; hathere comes your ootisin, ana he will find oat who eh? is." . When the question was put to Hamilton, ne exclaimed "Blau you, that was Miss Mowbray, a oonnection ot the Governor's by marriage. Why, everybody is crazy about her beauty. I heard a lot ot fellows areuing whethec she or a osrtain other lady I know ia the hand somer, and opinion seemed' to be divided. But I believe she is engaged to the Private Secretary, Mr. Stanley, who is a nephew of the Governor. Why, what is the matter with yon, Bloomfieid ? Ton look as if you had earn a ghost." After leaving Winnie with her mother, Hamilton and! stepped into the refreshment room. I now remembered, that although I had told him of my disappointed love and the of my fair one. I bad never men Honed bar name. Now when lis was apprised of the taste he manifested ? great, surprise. That Miss Mowbnyr was still single confoun ded ns,.nor oould we acoount tor the mystery. " Why, sfaebM repented, Bloomfieid'; you U find that out yet The fellow appears to be quite spoony abput her, sticking to her like a leoch since they en tend the ball; bat she does not seem to oare van muoh for him. " What is he like, Hamilton? I was so oonfounded that J never notioed his looks." " Why, I most confess be is a handsome fellow, but not so manly in appeannoe to my tansy as you ire." ' Our conversation was interrupted by several triends entering the room, amongst whom was the Colonial Treasurer, who came near me, saying with a significant smile ..Hullo, Bloomfieid, you most be in high favor here. The Governor's private seoritary was inquiring whether a gentleman of your name was at the ball to- nigbt. when I answered him in the affirmative. Havasalso enquiring about some other name whidh I tor get; but on hearing whojrou were be was satisfied. I expect to hear yon being sent tor one of these fine days." I guessed tbe reason of the private secre tary's enquiries about me, although I did not satisfy the Treasurer on tho subjeot. The re action which suddenly took place in my feel ings on beholding Edith Mowbray so . unex pectedly was most extraordinary. Although I had wished; har present several times that evening to wjtness my oonquost of the beauti ful Miss Graem, and to Bee with what indil tersnee I treated her inconstancy, when she actually stood before me I felt like a criminal, egpeoully when Isuspeotedthat she understood wbatbad passed between my charming partner and myscU. However, bn reverting to her letter I oonsidered myself quite justified in my conduot and perfectly tree. I debated with my self on the subjeot while returning to the ball room, where I beheld the object of my thoughts. Mr. Stanley was still in her com pany, or rather was her partner in a dance. On the next dance being about to begin the gentle man, after a whisper from Miss Mowbray, ap proaohed me, introducing himself, and adding: " I have the pleasure of informing you that | I am commissioned by Miss Mowbray to pre sent her compliments, and ask that you will | lavor her with your oompany, as she has some news for you from your friends Bt home." I observed that Miss Mowbray had loft the hall when Btanley oame to me with the mes sage, and when I acoepted the invitation he oonduoted me to a small apartment or private room. On entering he announced my name, formally introducing me to Miss Mowbray, and then quitted us. Edith was standing in the centre of the floor, and approached me with a sad kind of smile, saying " I am happy to see you, Mr. Bloomfieid, after such a long separation. I hope you have been well sinoe last I heard of you." "Perfectly well, Miss Mowbray; you are welcome to Australia." " Thank you. Pray, take a seat ;I have some news to tell you from home," she Baia, placing a ohair tor me, and taking one her self." «Home news 5b always acceptable to a colonist," I replied in the same oool and dis ant tone. She heaved a deep sigh, which she strove to oonoeal. "I did not imagine," she said, "when we parted in England many years ago that oar meeting again- would be so cold and re served. "Neither did 1, Mies Mowbray," I replied ooldly; 11 but time alters ,many things it A pause ensued, during which I for the first time that evening manned the £aoe ol my companion u she sat with her head bent downward, nervously playing with her watch chain. She was little ohanged einoe I had last seen her, exeept that from a girl sho had expanded into a woman, and that her beaut; was in a much more pronounced eharaotei than in those old days. I was struck when I heard her voioe with its similarity to that ol Edwin, her cousin, whom she resembled also in'face. From some unknown cause she started several times at my voice as I spoke to her. " I suppose you have not heard as yet that your sister Rose and my brother Alfred ore married," she remarked in a trembling voioe. " I had a letter a few days ago, intimating that the marriage would take place in a week from that date." " Then yoa have heard from Rose lately?" ?he added, with """"'"g uneasiness. " Her letter was written after you left for London to join your aunt; bat I never BUB peoted that it was your relative who came as Governor here, for Bose never mentioned his name, but said that he was appointed an Indian Governor, and was returning thenoe." " Bo he thought himself; but ho was ap pointed for this oolony at the last moment. Did Bose say any more about me ?" she en quired timidly. "She did, and even enolosed me yojir note to her from London," I replied significantly, while I watched my companion's oounten anoe. I perceived that she trembled at the words, and turned away her faoe. I judged that she was agitated, bat con sidered that she deserved the pain which was inflicted by the news. " Of course you thought the news in that letter extraordinary, and I may even say cruel." " I expect it is too late to talk about the subject now, so with your permission we will drop it," I replied coldly. "I dare say you are right. The subject is too painful to be introduced at oar first meet ing, and I expect yoa are impatient to get baok to the ballroom. I trust yoa will forgive me for detaining you so long from your beautiful partner, who I have no doubt will be the future-Mrs. BloomAeld." "Not before Hiss Mowbray is ohanged to Mrs. StanleyI replied bitterly. " That will be never," Edith remarked with emphasis, sanitising me very much. "Bat yoa have not mentioned the lady's name," die panned. " I must confess she is one of the handsomest girls I ever beheld." "Her name is Miss Graem-a native of. Australia. '60 yoa see, Miss Mowbray, we nan produce pauaile specimens of female beauty." " I fear she may get jealous at me detaining' TOO, so we had better return to the ballroom. But before we part I must ask yoa to visit me tome othqr 'day, as I have several things to my whiob oar wort interview at present for bids. I shall inform my aunt who you are, 10 that your oompany at Government House will be always aooeptable." " Thank you, Hiss Mowbray; I shall avail myielf on your kind invitation on some future day. Are yoa engaged for the next wilts T If not, may I have the pleasure of you." "undoubtedly for the sake of old times, Mr. Bloomfield." She took my arm, and we re-entered the ballroom just as a waltz was beginning. I, saw Hamilton with his oousin walk away when Edith and I took oar plaoee on the floor. Thinking that Winnie ma indisposed, when the danoe was over I enquired lor Hamilton. I was informed that Miss Graem's party had left, and that she was unwell. I was very uneasy on hearing this, and feared that Hamilton had revealed my secret. After' parting with Edith in better humour than I had anticipated at oar meeting that evening, I- gained my hotel, my miljd filled to overflowing with strange and conflicting emotions. 