THE WATOEBEB. THE NEW HEBRIDES. FROM OUR SPECIAL bORRBSFONDRHT "THE VAGABOND." ItAVANNAJI rtARBOUR. Ava.18. . I am awake at daylight. We ate in a land-i locked bay -somewhat resembling that -of) Noumea. It is formed by two islands, De ception and Protection thus .called by that; greatest of all nomenclatora, ; Captain Cook.; It has two good entrances for vessels of any' laboa' ' " " ' ' size, and a boat passage at the north. In the old days this place was a great .Tallying point for Fijian and Queensland labour vessels, and for island traders generally. Men-of-war have visited Havannah more than any other; harbour in the group. Ten years ago there were several traders' establishments here. Messrs. liedimann, of Fiji, and Scott, Hen-: derson, gnd Co., of Sydney, bad large in terests in the place. There were plantations ,of Sea Island cotton, ginning-machines, and coir machinery, and a schooner ran regularly to and from Sydney. There was an apparent prosperous present and a flourishing future tor llavannoh Harbour at the time the mis sion settlement was established here in 1872. Then the field of labour recruitment drifted further north to the Solomons and New Britain. The fall in the price of cotton caused that industry to " fizzle out." Messrs. Scott, Henderson, and Hedimann abandoned their stations, some of the white men here died and others left, and how there remains but Captain Macleod, manager of the New Hebrides Company, and the Rev. D. Mac donald, the missionary, who, however, has been absent in Victoria for a rear. Havannah Harbour was lively in those high old times, when Cakabau, by the Grace of Cod, and the will of Thurston, Wood, Butters, and Co.. was King of Fiji; when the Yankee, Colonel Jennings, lorded it on the beach at Levuka and threatened to Bhoot offenders "in their tracks," till he got well thrashed by an old woman he had insulted, and when, although " Thak " reigned, square gin ruled from Lau to Ita. In.those days recruiting" ships from Levuka put into Havannah to replenish their supplies of "square." I remember hearing a story of a traveller who visited a Fiji vessel in this harbour. As he neared her he saw a white man leaning disconso lately over the rail. "Good morning, cap tain." " I'm not the captain ; I'm the cook." " Where's the captain ?" " He's lying down —drunk." "Where's the mate?" "He's lying down—drunk, too." Looking into the galley, the stranger said, " You don't appear to have much to cook here." " Precious little oooking wanted whilst there's any gin knock ing about," was the.reply. Captain Cook discovered Vate in 1774, and gave it the additional name of Sandwich, after his patron, then First Lord of the Admi ralty. In 1849, Admiral Erskine, father of the present Commodore Erskine, discovered Havannah Harbour, naming it after his vessel. It is eight miles long and two to three broad, and it is without doubt one of the most beautiful anchorages in the world. On the shore there is a very low fringe of. white sandy beach, beyond that a level plain extends, covered with all the luxuriance of tropical foliage. Tall cocoanut trees are swaying in the wind, broad banana hide bunches of their fragrant fruit, leaves uiu« w. im.« ..u. the banyan and the ivi (Tahiti&n; chesnut) are monarchs of the bush. A goodly valley stretches far away towards the hills. Nearer at hand one sees cleared lands and evidences of cultivation, and to the sonth a series of terraces rise in a manner which reminds one of the shores of Lake Wakitipu ; and, although covered with deep vegetation, they ate similar, in that they are caused by vol canic action. The stages of the different up heavals are clearly defined. On shore a gal vanised iron store is visible. This is Captain Macleod's residence, and the head-quarters of the New Hebrides Company in Sandwich. Further along there is a low, thatched honse, the scaffolding of a new building, and tlie ruins of some other, buildings. This is Havannah, the future capital of the Colony of the New Hebrides,, as it looks from the sea this August morn "^fotere is little, lifeyet stirring, no one shows up,on the grim old hulk by pur fide.; Looking up the bay, 1 see 'it dotted with a number of white sails.. It reminds ;me of Japan/and I fin at first' puzzled. ho. account for thebA ' Turing the glasses', I see tha they belong to "native canoes, outriggers; It is a' novelty to see calico or cloth sails on these: Wherever I .have been elsewhere in the Pacific' gifts have served' the place. One .of . these' canoes shortly comes alongside .with ' bananas and eggs, but the price being pretty exorbitant a trade is not effected/ , Then there conies on board an ,old white m&ri;, .' who has with him a'little'half-caste mil clad in a printed orange robe with a blue kerchief twisted round her head. Her Hindoo features and the atraightnesa of her hair show thatshe has no Melanesian blood id her. "Old Frank " is wonderfully'tattooed about the arms. ' He is a sample of that nearly extinct class—the biche-de-nuraieii.' He has spent his whole life around the Pacific. He speaks botn French and English imper^ fcctly, afidalthOuehheclaims to belong to France, his nationality isnotadmittedby the authorities. He informs ine that Little Emily's mother was a Line; Island wdmOn, fnd that she herselfwaabornin Levi^sT Thereupon I muster up my stock of Fijian/tod,' Veruiha Sara! capture the goodwill m-the little maidfen. Sheisbut nineyeirsbf age, Sand therefore not dangerous. It is ? oclock when we start ahboie, " as I fnritoou to the beach i amwelcomed by a behutiful black retriever ?Ud two or three smolter dogs. But the former growlB at little Kmilyj Whti in Affright runs behind tae.aod before I am awato has, iikerd mcHakey, .climbed up my bock; And on to nwshouldeii«,?and i hSve to carry herto the stort, where i> ihafcfc habds and amjeox dlaUy weloomed by Oaptsin Donsld^lEao leod. A tall,powerful,<^Bt«poken kean, W '■ tome 45 yearsof agh,' Cbptain pao>" leod impreewes you with toa^eathaFhe is, above nymttning, "4evel-headed_;? not one to be led away by impulse. He is *' Nova Scotian by birth, rot wheats has!been ; forests tmdl^uence. that the hrtt pro oeediug |of the, New Hehrides Gompany Was to buv him put for a veiyhandsomeontiV ^services as resldent mahager.; pe, himself as we goalpng/. rdsthemisslon . _ - footpath—sometimes scarcely defined—in the midst of the wild luxuriance of nature, which is so beautiful to behold and which yet contains such deadly miasma. Wo pass a house occupied by a West Indian negro and loyal subject of Her Majesty, called 'Black Harry." But Hurry has a white heart, as we shall see anon. A small cottage is being prepared for the recep tion of the Bourbon'half-caste and his wife, who came down with us in the Galedonien. He is a carpenter, and has a brother likewise employed here. These Bourbonats are being largely employed by the New Hebrides Com pany, ,hot only because they are French citlzenB and work cheaply, but because it is supposed they will stand the climate better than Europeans. Several of them sleep on . boardithe nulk,'from which the Bruaton her •last trip removed the guaTd of marines which she had left there. Past the site of the oldi cotton gin and engine-house, and there is a broad open space, where Captain Macleod is haying a fine three-story house built. There are several acres, of land here much higher than the store, which, as I am about to sleep there, it is. consoling to hear, is reputed to be the most unhealthy spot roundabout. This, I imagine, will be the centre of the new city, which some day is likely to spring up. It is a beautiful position, commanding the j bay, the islands, and the high mountains of Mono or Montague Island to the north. I want to buy some town lots here, but am un- I successful. Havannab. owing to its grand harbour and the revival of trade, augmented by the New Hebrides Company, will always be a place of importance, whether annexed or not _ The Deputy High Commissioner of the Pacific, Mr. Romilly, it is said, will shortly take up his abode on Protection Island opposite, England's flag being hoisted on a plot of land purchased years ago by Com modore Goodenough. Mr. llomilly will have the interests of about three British subjects to look after in Vate; still its central position makes its about best place he could select as a residence. Captain Macleod shows me a spot where a church once stood attended by the white residents. It was merely a grass thatched barn, and when the congregation fell off, and the place was accidentally burnt, the missionary, Mr. Macdonald, confined his ministrations to the natives. After this we strike a bush trail. On one side we catch glimpses of the bay shining in silver splendour through the trees. On the beach a son of the soil, nude but for an apology for a waistband, but decorated with a coronet and armlet of beads, stalks along carrying a small bow and a brace of arrows. Whatdoes he seek! How I envy him his thickness of wool and strength of skull, which enables him to walk, like Adam before the Fall, un abashed in the noonday glare, whilst I skulk into every bit Of shade I can. Suddenly he raises his ;bow and fires twice, and wading into the water pulls out two fish transfixed on the arrows. Onward we go, the cocoanut and the breadfruit tree meeting overhead, here and there an occasional patch of bananas visible, or a fenced clearing where : yams are planted. Bnt both clearing and ' fencing are of a very perfunctory character. Near one of these we meet with the disciple whom the missionary most loved, the "boss" teacher left in charge of the souls and morals iof the faithful at Havannah whilst Mr. Mac idonald is away in Victoria. An ordinary-looking blacklellow this disciple, clad in a pockethandkerchief round jhia loins and an old shirt above this. He 'has a bunch of husked cocosnuts and some yamB in a basket by his side. Every native 'claims particular trees, and his rights are respected by the others. But on Vate, where the soil is so prolific and the population of late years greatly reduced, food increases faster than mouths. The soul of Malthus would be rejoiced here. The disciple answers readily to the name of "Dick." ;He iB not much to look at, but is, they say, a fair reader ot his native language, as the missionaries have rendered it, and is power ful in expounding the Scriptures. Dick has lately got into trouble with his congregation. He imagined that his position had its rights jas well as its duties, and on his own wife •dying, appropriated the partner of another man. Public opinion vindicated itself in Smashing up Dick's few household gods and rooting up his yam patch. But Dick stuck to the woman, and she re mained faithful to him. Dick,. they say, again holds forth on Sundays, and the in jured husband has only the redress of spread ing the report that Dick's theology approaches heresy, When Mr. Macdonald returns the whole question is to be settled by him. . Onward we go, gorgeous butterflies flitting through the trees—the only sign of Hfe except the friendly mosquito, who here is always with us. All alongthe track-there are crab poles,, which make it necessary to take heed to our feet We cross several beautiful streams, of clear water, and n stout fence running up from the small bluff along the beach, enclosing the mission station and property. Fat pigs ■ with their families are tunning about in the bush; fin© porkers there ,as any to be found in Suffolk' or Illinois, related to good English stock left by < Captain Cook or subsequent mariners, and no connexion with the undersioed animals in Hie islands further north,.. Climbing another fence, and we are in the mission village. There are not a dooen houses, , if houses they can ' be called. Imagine a thatched tool built up from the ground; that is a flew Hebrides habitation. -They nave no walls end no windows, and are |oW, dark, and dirty—far inferior to any huts I have seen elsewhere in the Pacific.'' In front of each place there iB a patch, ballasted with fine cjoral, on which the family-can'sit'-and ex change ideas and receive their neighbours. Three serve the place of -the American web." There me only some women and babies to be i reeo. Theformerron Into the dirty holes which .they .call "home" at our : approach with an over- affect&txoa; of modesty which their hideous looks rendered highly superfluous But Captain Macleod. tells me ; that on Sandwictithe women are ground do wa more' than oh any.of .the vtymde he knowa^, and fire afraid to lopk at any manbut. their li^lord. VWijep W prjndeedanywhere & the, %hndes, yonh^r womanbwng ,' etolen/aont you h^iemih-iiSW'S V they go willingly, to escape chief who daims^hem, .that, twosm i^efthaek," toathereault of, rem* > olijenremnary. teach habit* ofthese hat-^respecfe .are STqyr "^eriSly*^Kepefited"of the mia^onrey, I ,^ppre»; wouM 1 rennot^tre tou^re; fei^bfthiogs not stop tte^firartglance.: But "level-hM' ^^TTO^ te^; • me, ' I belie VB the mlsMiiiharies hire every where done a certainamounthf .good, T^ey heveMmade^ bjkre ingi as before. The tody°t^^to bei^id against the missionaries is that they hare always attacked and set themselves in opposition to the traders, instead of working with them. From the commencement they seem to have aet themselves against every white man in the Pacific., In an enormous undertaking like the labour trade has been for the last 20 years, of course there hare been abuses, but it hasn't done any good to hate every white skipper or trader, described' as a scoundrel. Mr. Macdonald heme is & good fellow, and has done as much good as he can. perhaps. He has got the people well' under him. You mustn't think, that all the missionaries have got, such a good billet as be has. I should think he has the best on. the group." • j From all accounts, the Rev. Daniel Mac-' donald, the first Victorian missionary, is; an active, muscular Christian, one of' the church militapt when necessary. The1 missionary "compound," which we enter, is spacious, with some half-dozen build-1 ings therein. _ There is a frame house with a galvanised iron roof and. verandah, other thatched houses for dining-room, | stores, servants, visitors, &c.; In the; missionary's absence everything is well looked after, every spot is whitewashed, the coral gravelled walks are kept clear from1 weeds, the fowls which ran around are evi dently well fed, the iron water tanks are full. The master might return. at a moment's notice, and find all ready to. his hand. Passing through the garden, kept clear from all undergrowth, but beautiful with flowering shrubs, we walk into a fine spit of sand, affording good landing at any state of the tide. Here there is a thatched boat-shed, built with a great deal more care than any of the native houses. Two fine boats are in this, one a whale-boat capable of navigating the whole of the group during' this summer weather, the other, smaller, for use in the harbour. Both are well painted and fit for work. It is very evident that the disciples left in charge of the material part of the mission are more faithful to their trust1 than the teacher " Dick." Looking at the beautiful site of this mission station, at! the commodious premises, at the fact that there are evidently a number of willing bands to do all necessary work, not completely isolated from the world either, bat on the banks of a harbour where many vessels enter, and close to a store where all the necessaries of life may be procured, I come to the conclusion that a missionary here may lead a happy life. He is the pri°st and king over his flock; he has no "elders" to question his orthodoxy, or the length .of his sermons; he is absolute ruler of himself and bis followers. How many a toiling curate in England, or poorly-paid pastor in Scotch manse, would consider this a life to be envied. I trust Mr. Macdonald will excuse the j liberty I took in surveying his house, and that the card I put under his door will remain i till his return. If I admire his house I can't say as much for the church close by. It is a thatched barn, the sides of reeds and bam boos, the floor of broken coraL Logs of wood resembling sleepers are placed on low sup ports on each side, affording sitting accom modation for over 100 people. There is a small tabic and chair at the end. It is Puri tan in the severity and plainness of the "fixings." There are open windows and] open doors. It is the most primitive place of worship one can imagine. We I climb another fence and pass a big stye, where the missionary's boar leads an easy J life. A fine animal this, whose tusks have grown into the ring so prized by the natives, the teeth of the upper jaw being knocked out to facilitate this operation. On the other side there is a paddock, in which a hundred or so of goats, of all ages and sizes, are skipping about From these the missionary obtains milk and meat. A little further on, and diverging into the bush, we come to a cleared i space of ground, "God's acre." A plot is fenced off with coral rock. At one side is a grave, protected by a close, reed paling. I take off my hat, and would place a flower here, .were there any at hand. Ilere lies the mis sionary's first-born. We may envy him his lot of ease and freedom, but in these isles deadly disease haunts the stranger, the weak, and •the infant European children born in the tropics are always sickly. Each family must give its tithe to death. It is sad to witness the forethought in the large space enclosed as the missionary's own burying- place. Outside this there are a dozen graves of Christian natives. They are all covered with, coral rack, and one or two have shells placed upon them. Otherwise there is neither head-, stone nor name to denote who lies beneath. , A mile further on, and we come to old Frank's. For an ancient " beachcomber" he is pretty well fixed. He is building him self a new house, with plastered walls, thatched roof, and broad verandah. Little jSmily is pleased to see me again. Frank has h good patch of land cleared, on whiqE maize |8 growing. Not that it is to be supposed he works himself. He has two or three labour boys, who, I dare say, have a more or less bad time of it. In the New Hebrides there fs no law, no government, and every man can do that which is right in his own eight. I yefuse to buy out Frank, land, improvements, Squaw, and. piccaniny, for £250, which he Calculates would provide bim with enough square gin to last the remainder of his days. Frank is " powerful" on gin. He, once had 100 cases entrusted to bim to trade with. He' sold 14 cases, and drank the balance, 86 !, •pbe end of onr afternoon's walk is Rah pie, a plantation long settled, now belonging to the New Hebrides Company. Here are'some finfe.crops of maize, which will give HO bushels to the acre and two crops a year. The process of 'Cultivating this is Simple, The land is cleared, thejgrasa burri^ 6ff, and the seedi are hoed in; : The soil, the, tain, the dew, and the air and sun combined, > give, a happy result. The soil is merely pulverised coral with a mixture of vegetable matter, which, it seems, will grow almost anything. There are here some fine avenues of ooooanut ireos.andCaptainMacleodis planting these; everywhere. Copra at £20 a in in London pays better than raising taiee. At seven yearsthe pocoa fcreebeAns,: id from thence for 80 years the tint is lu&ble; as an article of commerce. At hnie, T eee one of the finest b&nyan; trees . the world, in whose heights -A house light he built dfo Swiss Family Robinson; here are a number oi labourers at wofk a. Hub estate, which hae ,ai frontage of And. Miles and a nul to the beaoh, and mns buk tithe moqntabMk If this te a sample ofihe soil of theNew Hebri&a; and if will Uwk. !ahd not become hxmo^xisb^i "toy are oar tyinly worth annexing. •, . ,,• iA drink of fresh, coooannt milk,(aad we jtsjke the homeward track., fkitween the^^. , of meo^heathett way ofUfe, Utlie missionary colt, evidenced ■ In fhcks action, and the mild way in which it was te&eh; by his congregation. -On fhfe Shore we crime on a native Bitting on a beached canoe, lib idly scrapes the sands with Iris feet, but kpepe a watchful eye on the tracks land againBt a tree two paces from hiB hand; Around his waist is a belt filled with cart ridges. Otherwise, he is only clad in a pocket-handkerchief, well-made armlets, and garters of beads, and a gotgelet of pearl shell. His hair is arfciaticallydreased with a wooden comb stuck therein. A muscular, well-made man, with a lurking devil in his ere, whose formidable get- up would be apt to make nervous people feel for their shooting irons. .He is very civil, however, is " Charlie," and answers all my questions in good English. He has been in nearly every part of Australia. A labour boy first, he has of late years shipped as -one of «. boat's, crew. Captain Macleod tells me he can get from £3 to £4 a month. His gun and ammunition. be purchased in Queensland. The few houses which they call a village, close by where Charlie lives, are inhabitedHy families who " seceded" from the missionary followers.. It is a sort of Adullam. Charlie is sitting here watching the track, as he is in deadly fear. A few weeks back he paid a visit to one of the "bush".tribes inland.. A dash ing and a travelled man, he seduced the affec tions of one of the wives of a chief, and bore ber to his home in triumph. But Meuelads and his frieuds made such preparations for vengeance that this Vat<i Paris sent Helen back. Still; however, they breathe vengeance, and so Paris day after day is waiting for an attack. Till nightfall he sails the water in his canoe, and remains on the shore when he returns until quite dark. No Kanaka .will travel then. They are afraid of all evil spirits. of the ghosts of their ancestors, of the unknown terrors which the shades may conceal. They are afraid of the dark, even as children ore, as in their mental development they are but children Charlie Paris is receiving the reward of his misdeeds in having a good scare aftergiving up his paramour, whereas Preacher Dick still sticks to his female property. The one knows that according to the old order bis life is forfeit, the other can only have reproof from the missionary. It is a strange problem thus presented on my first day on Vate. I promise Charlie to come and see him. I fancy he can tell me something about the labour trade. " Good-bye, Charlie,',' says Captain Macleod, "but look here, if you come near the store with that rifle and that belt on I'll give you a biding." Charlie grins and says, "Yes." We wend our way home wards to wh.it I consider a well-earned drink and dinner after an eight-mile walk under the tropical sun. 