"Ti? ca?ryfih?eren i a.nd theirwcive wt. bcoinied back 'to their midst tlhoe who hal left. theii infisorro'w, i proffered .'sich 'small~ helpl in- the way of dreses to 'inake i alter, ias their limited circummistances 6ouild permit.: But; eveni that aid w:as soon exhausted; for all' the new attire whiclnhwas obtained ily the? small popldation of the village iri a year, could: have beemi made up in a month, and the entire finan cial result 'wasi but a pittance, wjhich: would barely have kept the wolf of starvationifromn the door: . ..., Oin several occasions tI c.arrier hnl brouglit dow?i baskets of gaine hnd ,other delih aciem thich, although lie strentouslyv sserted thiis ignoratice of the senders, were declined. v?ith .a :lks by.t,, i' tuu;do, :,.nd' isanbel' kinew with: ;nit ary direct inforitatiomn that tie kindhearted ad was trying to find some .way, b whilch, without any loss of indepeiidence on.their patls he could supply them with sonie of his abuh d-. ance.:" STweice his ladit mother calledl at the, cottage and. although ;striving to. hide her.teelings of' wouided pride, that: her son shiould hav&e; looked, so low. on the raiiks of society,:for an object to ;set his lffections tipoin, yet she' was forced in .her, inmost heart to adomit,that the gentle annd lady-like mannrs. of -Isabel would have ndone honor to any stition;', and ithat, not the slightest encouragement -.as given to' ithe wild: and .lioyisi passions of. the' young squire`: Far froni this indeced the girl stidiostlyavoided him, and if in her walks.on,tlhe beach, she had ainy reason.to. think her adirefi: was. near?4 wihich he often was unseen hovering roiiund foi .the mere chance ofiseeing, her.t' a distance--. the walk wsas cut short and a rapid'ietunt home. wasinadeiHe -iwas completely at his wits'dnd i wiandering'g about discbnsolately like some good-looking fresh-colored ghost seeking rest and:finding none. I?ltis" mother. .tliernately laughedtl thim, then.pitied and next in her own way scolded him. with sich tenderness that the tears would come 'into his eyes, but after all it came back to the same conclusion... He" would.by som means or other obtain speech of Isabel,;and would plt his fortune to. the test.: tHe never believed she would accept his - affec tion, but ilf it' was rejected, then what 'was there to live for? -He would go away travel ling, or -join..the. army; only- there was no war. goitng on, so that he could "rush into" the field,. and foremost ,fighting .fall."! But. he 'could. volunteer on some hopeless expedition .to tle centre. of Africa, or anywhere else,.so long' as he was 'not asked to live, that was al!.' "And so break your mother'si heart. aud. leave her'to pine away in yourabsence. 'Crtiel boy. And all for.a-fair face that yoit-have not seen half-a-dozen times,- or spoken, to twice.' ... .: lThenhe would break out in boy lover raptures. over the object of his ilolatary, till the mother's tears wotill flw unbidden, for 'had not: his father, been equally like him in the. warmth of his passion in those happy days which she wvould never-never forget, long ago. . LIe wotullkiss away.her tears and in a transport of sorrow blame himself as a selfish fellow, and promise again and again never to leave home without her coasedt, and by the easiest transition get back to the story of his lovq again. "All this may seem very childish on his part, to those who never had. such a mother, or never made their mother their confidant as he had done, of all the hopes, fears and pleasures of his entire life. :-Ile was only a great soft hearted, pure- spirited, over-grown boy after all,. and it was his first great disappointment, and he took it as naturally to his comforter now, as when he took his knocks, and- bruises: to be kissed away. 'Happy is the manhood that has such a miorning, and blessed is' the- heart into which the mother can gaze without fear.. 'The gentle and yet- firnn manner. in which the widow had -declined .his visits and. his presents,. the respectful, yet' independent, ac knowledgement of their poverty and position as an impassable barrier between them, 'pre-, vented any attempt on his part to 'force his presence upon themais. effectually as a .royal command 'would have:. done, !for he. w:ias a: gentleman to the core". ":But the mother's heart bled for him,- and. at his" urgent requests; she hid visited the cottage, and: was most favor-, ably impressed'iwith the, dignity of-the elder and the sweetness of the':;ounger lady,, for; so she felt that they were although poor;:. Ins her own mind Lady Penrhyn had a dim idea that if:her son was: not to be .cured tof:hiu applre entlytiopeltesspass?on that she whtnld .end evor to obtain the cinsent of the widow to 'remove 'Isabel. to, some place where John should not see. or hear of her for a time, and if.'that failed-if. his heart was really so deeply set upon the girl" as: it:now appeared,- the lady' would give way to his wishes arid only:stipu-; lating that Isabel should go for a' year:orso to a -firstpclass academy, she would: adopt: her. as a daughter, settle a sum of money upon her and let her come into the family as no portion less bride; - lBut fate had willed it otltcrwise I ainl- the catastrophe was brought about, as"usual in the. most unexpected manner. ; On a beautiful afternoon, after a lonig lay of. sewing, Isabel took rather a' long walk to -i cluster of .rocks on the coast, which were asso ciated in her' mind with tender interest,:as the place where her last fond tinterview iWith larry had taken place before his departure;'.. She sat down on a point of stone projecting. into the water, with the tiny waves lapping the= strand and gave herself up to- a sort of day; dream, in which the' absent wanderer filled a prominent position. - "-A- shadow caused her to'look tip,; and it was-. with: no' pleasant feelinigs -that she ob served:the ungainly figure of Mr Treloar stand,. ing by her side.: She rose to 'her': feet land would have walked away without a word, but he placed:-himself;in front, and-occupied -the. narrow ledge by which she, must reach the. shore. In t, polite yet firm tone, she said, "Permit me to. pass I Mr Treloar !" - "Notjtst vet, Bella ! I have got the chance of a few worils with you now, and I, mean-to take it.: Your. runnmg awsay was no use,'for I soon found oit where y-ou went to, I atnd now I wint you t:o understanid t~iat I anin-t going tio -:bd putoff any.longei;, -id: that I mean to iarry you, or else ,yoli will find tiat it will be the worse for you .' .. The girl's face flamed up at once, as. she replied " You are no gentlemian to persecute a poor girl like this:; I think you have-done. us asnmuch 'h:iri.already as you can, an-d we do not fear, you I You: have taken the, wrong way to win either tove or resliect, ?and 'I tll. you plainly, Captain Treloa, 4: wonldl tooner die than marry you I4 :dispise you so'much that I would 'gtc take a crust of bread from you tg. save me from starving. Maove 'but.of theway Sir,'and let me pass . ' I : " Not so fast my girltYou i~dispipe mn.ifoS you? :Well ! so you may, bbt you may be glad to marry me yet for all that." .:He took a hasty glance around and then contiiin?uedl,'Yiu, look so fine with yoir red cheeks? :that Itt foI give your insolence if you give nC. p.kiss;,'and I may as selI tesll you o:thatifyouthttk ohgin-n it, Itt t.kgk it ! SOia.'ia. lb p ou think:"oflthat " Isqbel set her teeth hard and4 th 'color faded from her chcejis, Woman :-like;, sh douhledi as the haire does, while her heart panted likiea hunted animal :.: -- ' "I am sure you are only joking now or trying to 'frighten me Il Think of yodr-posi lion in the church and the town ! Let me-go now, Mr Treloar I mother will be coming to look for me I I have been too long away al ready. She moved as if to pass himn, but he extended his arms andil gave a grin. "You don't pass me withouta kiss, fal-I don't step out of this till you pay toll I" She looked round in desperl-ttio, and gared into the deep wate5s P CiltCer sindl of the nar. row ledga pl w.-i iih nhe stosti. "rhert was a sound of rushing feet, and then, before he could turn roundt a powerful ihand hadl hin by the collar, a vigorous foot was applied rearwardnls, andi in the space of time known as a twinkling, Treloar was slln-itering in the water, and Ihabel was leI chiefullj to the sand, whore she at down half fainting, whil" Sin Johh iiiungled apoiogies, regrets, hopes, fenr, bashfll-iess anti love in the most admnired confitsion of 1,nguage, ' I)o not 1be frightened Miias Lee ! Perhaps I was toO hasty ! Let the old fool swimt or sink 3s I B pleases n The contemptible crawnler! I only saw hinmt saoppllig your way and ran at once ) I would not harm you for the world ! but, Oh Miss Lee I I have loved you ever since I saw you 1 I cannot be silent now, but mug. speak I know this is not the way tq tl. it, but do take pity on me andti fngigv bt-y pyesump1 tion ! I would die ou gp y itli tdle ntnmpst pica, snure ! Could nyou not give mt just a word of hope; to 'eon- It do not want an answer inoa,', but let tus see you sometimes. Do! Miss Iee, do. If it was only for my mother's sake. She is breaking her heart over me." The poor fellow actually began crying and stood before her the perfect image of grief. 7"t In- otlniiute, 