Messrs. Favcnc and Craw ford's Exploring Expedition. Adelaide, Monday. — Tho following tele gram lias been forwarded to the Minister of Education by the Acting Government Resi dent in the Northern Territory : — ' Favenc and Crawford arrived at Daly Waters, after examining the country about the Macarthur Eiver across from the Queensland boundary via Nicholson Eiver to Powell's Creek. Creaghe and 'party arrived at Catherino 'Waters, accompanied by his wife. Mr. Eavenc sdiys the, trip was more successful than he had1 anticipated, and that his roport will be of value to the Northern Territory.' Mr. Favenc also telegraphed to the Hon. J. Ii. Parsons a report to the^ effect that the Macarthur drains a large extent of good pasture land, whioh was available for both sheep, and cattle. The country, travelled ' over was suffering severely from the want of ; water. Apparently there had been no wet season for the last two years. But the country was scattered by magnificent springs independent of the local rainfall. Ouo spring from the cleft at the edge. of tho table land forms a waterfall into a small lake. The Macarthur is' said to be a fine river, with broad reaches of water, and high banks where there is deep water to the very edge. A vessel could be 'loaded and dis charged alongside the banks, which run down sheer into deep waters for miles. — Echo. Mr. Earnest Favenc is still unfolding new leaves of the unread Australian book, and by the latest telegram to tho Adelaide Government has found a picture. He is on the Macarthur Eiver, in the farthest out north of tho Adelaide country. Ho has traversed a dreary land on which there appears to have been no wet season for two years. But on ' the tablelaud there aro marvellous springs. From a cleft at the edge one such leaps out and plashes down into a little lake. The good man's friends — -and there aro a legion oven in this city — will love to imagine him cramped by that spring leaping from the rock, as brown and bearded as Moses by Horeb, fearless ns Joshua, and strong as Sampson, dreaming his dream of the palace by the lake, and the tableland, irrigated by the utilisation of tho springs, stretching out green mid fair to the image that makes phantom land between earth and heaven. It is better that his old dream of that gone time in tho heart of the groat desolation when Tho suii at ovon sank dow angry rod In tho dim haze that bounded tho far plain, And when tho stars usurped the hoavonsinstoad An awful silenco followed in their train. And through the silence the spirit. Spirit of course, yes, whisky in pannikins; they always drink like fishes, those fellows. But it was nothing of the sort. Take a fow moro of the words of that time ; they will instruct us as to what we may expect by and-bye: ? A deep, dead Bilence ! Bavo whon fitful sighs Of faint, hot wind wero wafted from the south. Naturo seemed sleoping : light had left her eyes ; Tho smile, hor mouth. Let us hopo the voice of the Spirit of the Spring may bo interpreted as truly as those hollow murmurings of the ghost of the wilderness ; and those' who know Ernest Favenc best will say, ', No need to hope ; it will bp done, and more.' — Table Talk in Echo. 