MR. BIXBY'S BATHING SUIT. Mr Bixby's bathing suit certainly was a very handsome bathing suit, and Mr. Bix- by,, being a very handsome man, looked well in it. It sometimes o-curred to Mrs. Bikby that she would be quite as well pleased if this were not so, and if she did not so often hear of his figuring in the crowd of bathers, who played the mer maid at Splashton u beach, morning and afternoon. Mrs Bixby was sure he was not so fond of ducking her under the'waves. On those rare occasions when she did ' go in,' he allowed her to bob up and do-wn, clutchingat the `rope' for a'iwhile, and then asked liea, very curtly, if 7 slie wasn't tired of it?' She, generally wa to :tell the truth. Under such ereminstances wliho would` not have been? Mr. Bixby was one of. those beauty-men' .who generally snub their 'female relatives andlkeep itheir charms for society; but, besides this, he bore hist wife a" particular +grudge: She was thetiiece of seven, very; old aunts and uncles, all immensely rich;,' and all 'very; fond of Matilha.' +'Bnti perhaps they were not so :fond of Matilda's ,hue band, for since their marriage six of therim had died; without leaving pier a penny., Wiih each demise Mr. Bixby grew less affectionate. "- -'He married me for my expectations, nodoubt,' poor. Matilda thought to her self,' as' she-regarded ,in the mirror a countenance that had no particularly fine features; and she, too, thought. of "the'thousands that might ha7e been hers, if she ihad married sone one more agree able to her family. She sat on the porch alone, this. plea sant July day, after Mr. Bixby had gone gallantly' away seaward,' with the' little Switei=proof satchel. in which he always carried hisa bathing :suit; and -Turkish towels, and thought of many things, and felliinto much a deep brown study, that when someone addressed her with :.Your 1 letters; Mrs.: Bixby,'Cshe started, and gave a little cry. ' Did I frighten you ?' said the voice of Sa-fellow-boarder. ' I did not' know you were!nervous. I am dreadfully, buityou are always:so composed. - It is oly ,to give your leters. I brought. themnfrom the offlce.' .'- ' F: : ):,?T.hank you,' said Mrs.Bih.y I; think .I, must have beeai ssled''e and .ase thi other lady passed on, isheb turied. the missives over in her lap. There were five oftlihem;' one, a letter withl a ,black seal, Mrs. Bixby tore it open. It was; just as she" had :expectud.i: Her Uncle Jedediah, aged ninety, was dead. 'That wis sad. M.rs. Bixby took out her handkerchief, and read on. "Her ~iold had left till his' money" to 'thi?' Asylhim for' 'Attorneys' Orphans. Tlhis was sadder still.' TIhe handkerchief was wet:in aninstant, andl. as heri tears fell,Mr. Bixby's voice fell on her ear. , . - o ? 'I've come bach, Tilly I promised to wait fo`r some one who is going. to the beach. You have letters ?' Mrs. Bixby wiped her eyes andi gave hil those withiliis name upon their enve lope.s He simply .held- thiem?r' starin'at; the black-edgedlpaper in her hand. J How;you`like to torment me Tilly,' he said;iat'lait,:, what; h ews liave you ??' 'Uncle is dead,' she'answerid. . He ihis left his money to a' charity, said MIvr Bixby.. 'Mr. iBixby ,muttered an'; oath, -and marched away. In the hall of: the hotel a lady of fas cinating iair,, and little pencilled lines -under her handsome eyes met nim-proin bably by accident. The two wont to ward the 'beach together, talking+ ear nestly. . + 'Certainly, he married me forimy ex pectations,' said Mrs. lBixby. and -iwent to her 'room to weep with more freedom. She did not even go down to dinner that evening, and Mr. Bixby did not come up to ask why. About midnight there was a consternation in the hotel. Mrs. Bix by was making inquiries about Mr. Bix by, and the last seen of him was in the water. Various persons knew of him entering it in his his handsome bathing. dress. Nobody had seen him come out. There was great excitement with the coming dawn.- Various young ladies re ported him as 'swimming beautifully' at five o'clock. IHe had tried to teach one to swim. It was evident that he was drowned. Mrs.Rixby was going from one room in-' Sto another upstairs, and calling' on her dear darling, lovely Augustus, to forgive her her coldness. Sympathetic ladies filled the room, doctors were called in, reporters were jotting down? paragraphs. Meanwhile, another letter, with a black seal, addressed to Mrs. Bixby arrived at thehotel. When she wasibloe tolread:it, she did so. It was from her lawyers. A latter will of her Uncle Jedediah's -had been'discovered. He had takedn a dis like to one of the trustees of the .' Attor ney's Ophans,' and hail left all his for tune to, his .very dear " niedeo'lMaitildh Rixby ,' ` If poor Augustus had lived to share' it,' sobbed the widow. a o But,'after all, it was a consolation. \- bho remained at the hotel all winter, visited by a grave legal gentleman, and wearing the deepest weeds. In spring' she bought a cottage near the beach, furnished it luxuriously and became a regular summer resident. Wealthy, flattered, courted, she became quite hand some. Attentionswereshowered upon her. Serious offers were made for her hand. At length Jenkins, the reporter, men tioned, in a long-winded paragraph, the facts of her " Romantic History;" how her fortune had been left her when- she was plunged in the agonies of grief, how much her " residence," was worth, what her crape cost a yard. And one suitor more persistent than the others, wound himself about her heart. She had de termi ned to remain a widow, but she was very louely. She had vowed to marry no handsome man. This man whom she preferred was not handsome; he had one crossed eye and a clubbed foot; but Matilda believed that she should be perfectly happy with him. Her mourning faded into lilac silk and violets, white tule and pansies. And one day she walked upon the beach, slowly making up her mind as to the form in which her acceptance of a written offer which she had received, should be couched when lookuingo;utupon the sea, her eyes met An object which petrified her with a mazement. - It was simply a swimmer, who, having gained a spot where the water was only up to his waist, was ad vancinug towards her; but the surprising -point in this otherwise very ordinary ob ject was that it wore Mr. Bixbv's bath ing costume. His wife knew it too well to, be mistaken. Had she not em broidered that pattern on the collar her self ? Was not that braid made to order? Were not the buttons descended from the past ? Real gold buttons-too good .Mrs. Bixby had over and over again aver red, for a bathing suit. The widow turned faint as she gazed, for not only did she know the dress but the handsome 'head above it.. She knew that it was Mr. Bixby's ghost. . ....- , : Her limbs failed her. .She i-sat :down; on the sand, and hid her.face in rher trembling hands. Bilt now a splashing sound of teet treading the "damp- beach roused her. ' She looked up. Tlie septre stood beside her looking very solid in deed, for a, ghost, and it spoke, and S''Don't.be frightened, Tilly dear I am not oan apparation :' I mainryour-own Au eustas, look, up- love Look up," and fell' exhausted-or so it seemed to Matil da, at her side. Matilda" shrieked, clasped :him- in .her arms, wet as he was' sobbed 'thattliejoy of that moment would be to inuch for her;,and never thought for a mnomenit of marvelling how a gentleman who had dis-: appeared in the sea should walk out of it alive an unharmed a year ~after ward. , But Mr Bixby explained ?lvertlieless He had swam out too far, and- been picked up by a boat lbelonging to' awhal ing vessel-the Sea, : Gull,': Captaiin Brown-he was careful to explain;.: had been ill and delirious :for ?weeks, ,and only recovered to find the,ship fdriving before a' fearful 'gale, which wrecked her in. mid-ocean.. With seven o.thers bhe' took to a raft, and was ea'st on iia- de. serted'island, where he had since lived in: his bathing suit, subsisting on rshell-fish and berries. And how at last knowing himself to be agood swimmer'he had re- solved to make a bold stroke for his life. i? And here I am," added Mr. Bixoy Poor Matilda, crediting every word of his abominable falsehood, again embraced him. "'?"And what must have been your struggles my poor wife?" sighed thehus band. ;., ,, - - .t"Thleni?Matilda'' astonished him `by, an account of h'er :legacy, and conducted. hiim home,to the amazement ='of every one;whonmet them -oy in her eyes and in her poor honest heart. 'Left-alone in his apartment while, !the faithful wife prepared beef: tea and other restoratives, for .the individual ·she, had been in the .habit of alludiiig as ' li er` sainted'husbaud,'" Mi~;Bixby indulged in Iastonishinig fits of laughter; and-several times'repeated to himself:. " Ha"ng'it was there ever such a fool as Tilly?".,and a tramp, who wandeied on the shore was at the same time overjoyed at the discovery, ofa ratherseedy. suit..of, clothes, in the pockets of which, besides severalirepr?oacful' pink notes, signed Rosalie,lihefound"s a Chicago uewspapur in which the enterprising reporter'a.- ac count of Mrs Ribya 's jromnantic history,' her ciod fortunc and; Lheaside mansioni had been faithfully ;Qpied. IIowecver,'Mrsi- Bixy having a-good. deal in her power, wais not as often snub bed in .the future asi subhad been in' the past. Her husbanid nio longer flirted in her presenuce, and "she 'considers. herself an. exceedingly happy, woman, and is .very fond of repeating tlhe story of Mr. Bixby's adventures;, which she has, no doubt the whole world believes as thoro ughly as she does. - - MA"Y. KYLE DALLAB. . 