MANSFLELD, (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) The attention of our township is a good deal engaged, at, present by the approaching sale by auction, of, several gifts for the benefit of the Mansfield hospital. I have already mentioned the matter, but the particulars are,.that the Government subsidy of £550 can only be granted to our hospital on condition that we succeed in raising a certain sum ourselves, and in, order to do this, a number of gifts have been subscribed, which Mr I. H. Kelson has kindly offered to sell by auction, free of charge, on the 20th of this month. It is to be hoped that the full amount of subsidy. may thus be secured, for every one knows what a blessing it is to have so valu- able an institution in our midst, how expensive it is to support, and how dis- tressing it would be if we were unable to support it properly for want of funds. I am glad however to say that I do not anticipate any sort of danger about arising the needful, for our people here are by no means backward in the cause of charity, which is something to be proud of. A party of miners, seven in number, left the Manslield hotel last week, to work on the Howqua hills diggings. The " Howqua United," if I mistake not, is the name of the company where they were to be employed. It is to be hoped that these diggings will go ahead as they would be the making of Mansfield, which most decidedly stands in need of improvement at present. Of course this is the beginning of the dull season here, but every season seems dull enough, Heaven knows. Tihe sales of property by order of the Oriental bank, are still being conducted here by Mr Kelson with unabated activity. It is a pity to see so many places changing hands, but there is no help for it, and I suppose that in course of time, things will settle down again. Still I fear that many old residents have departed never to return,. I was talking yesterday to a man who went all the way to Melbourne for the sake of having a tooth drawn, and after all, the blockhead of a dentist pulled out the wrong grinder. The poor patient showed me a beautiful long ivory which he produced from his vest pocket wrapped in a bit of paper, and as it was perfectly sound, I tried to persuade him to have it hammered in again, but he declined. If the bungling operator could only have heard what the man said about him, you bet that he would not have slept any the sounder for it, It is fortunate for our peace of mind that we do not hear every thing that other people say of us. About four miles from Mansfield, on the Jamieson road, there is a stream called the Black creek, over which a bridge is placed, and many persons are afraid to cross it at night. Several years ago a shanty stood there, and a man named Thompson, a splitter by trade, who passed a night in that house, was found dead next morning, strangled by his own handkerchief, which had been drawn tight round his throat. He was known to have had about fifteen pounds in his pocket, but the money was not to be found. The shanty keeper and his wife were taken up on suspicion, but nothing was ever proved against them. The most remarkable part of the story is that the ghost of this man Thompson is said still to haunt the bridge at night, and to object to allow man or beast to cross it. One man sat on horseback there all night, for his horse would not cross the bridge, a horse team refused to cross it lately, and so did a bullock team. Several parties who know of it, will not venture there at night. I must confess that I never was there myself, and so I cannot speak from experience, but what I have been told on the subject is strictly as I have stated it A grand ball and supper on the 22nd inst is to be held at Doon, the proceeds to go towards the new Catholic chapel to be erected there. There is every chance of a good attendance, as the Doon people have the nack of making those things go off well, and a ball at Doon is always looked forward to with pleasure. Several of the Mansfield people are sure to be there. 