Answers to Correspondents. SPECIAL NOTICE.-Questions not answered after three weeks, querists will kindly repeat, -using same name and address or norn de plume. A.U, diagrams of measurements of tanks must have the sender's name or norn de plume on the dia- gram. Neil M'Lean (Bon Hill)-M is rifht. W. H. E.-The address is Market-street. W. H. (Redmyre).-t-The landlord can claim rent. Subscriber-There is no act regulating land boilers. Inquirer {Bungendore) - Answered in our last issue. N. 0. Bf-Send the hair to Mr. Wigxell, Oxford' street. Mongarlowe, Macduff-Refer to act 5, scene 7, play Macbeth. Reuben (Warlów)-The address */ the contractor ia Wynyard-square. Kingston-Bishop Colenso was first tried by the Bishop of Cape Town. k J. S. S.-We are not aware who the author is of the lines to which you refer. Burra asks the price of a railway cattle-truck from Yass to Say ?-£7 5s 8d. Myra Vale-The cost of a case of hop bitters, 42s, at W.,H. Soul's, 221, Pitt- street. B. D. CKarranderaJ-The fare from Sydney to Brisbane is £2 steerage, £5 saloon. J. S. M'O. (Mitchell's Creek)-Write to Mr. Kirby, bookseller, George-street, for the song. Inquirer (Otago)-The passage money from Syd- ney to Fiji is £15 saloon, £9 steerage. Qlgnayn-The distance from Sydney to the Clarence Heads is SOO miles, and to Grafton 350 miles. J. J. 3. (Townsville, Queensland)-We are not aware that the person to whom yo* refer is dead. D. L-For cutting and removing timber from Crown lands a timber getting license is required. S. K. (Dry Plain)-Write to any of the booksellers advertising in the ' ' Town and Country Journal.' ' Miner (Katoombah Station)-Write to the princi- pal, say the plaintiff for whom y ou were a witness. W. J. W. writes-I am in debt. Can they stop me from renting a horse to work after getting eummans ? -No. Subscriber asks when the game or shooting season commences and terminates t-September 1 to Febru- ary 28. J. W.-The name of the mineral is molybdenite {sulphide of molydynum), and is of no commercial value. F. A. (Moruya)-Write to Messrs. Gordon and Gotçh, George-street. « The price of the journal ie 2s 4d posted. W. T. B. writes--If Ipay a debt and hold receipt of the same can I prosecute for being billed the second time f-No. Inkbottle asks-If a father gives content to a daughter marrying under age can the mother prevent her marrying?-No. P. S. C. writes-I have taken a mineral conditional ^.purchase and A has taken one adjoining me ; can he compel meto fence?-Tes. Dynamite-(1.) You can sue the operator with whom you contracted. (2.) We are not aware of any person practising of that name. Anxious Mother-If you cannot get her to come home (you can use a certain amount of force in this respect) you are without remedy. W. E. asks-Can a young man of age, together with his mother and sisters, hold a public license under the new Act?-27ie young man can. J. B. asks if a marriage ts legal after fi o'clock at night. If not, can I marry again, and how long snail I have to wait ?-It ie quite legal. Subscriber (German Greek, Richmond River)-The steerage fare from Sydney to Cairns is ¿6510«. The Barwon River flows into Port Cairne. D'. M. (Welcome) asks-Can I legally shoot dogs on my sheep camp after 9 o'clock at night. Some of my sheep have been killed at night on the camp ?-Tes. W. M'C. (near Bourke)-Red oxide of copper, with eliqht coating of green carbonate-a rich ore of copper, but its real value can only be determined cn assay. D. K. asks-In what county are the Mimosa runs, and full particulars about the country ?-Apply at the nearest land office ; there you will obtain all neces- sary information. ff. O. B. (Oberon)-The steerage fare from-Sydney to London by Orient Co.'s steampshvp is £17, but in this class you will nave io find all necessary requisites, including bedding. M. M. T.-(l.) We are not certain as to the salary received by the person te whom you refer. Salaries vary according to numbers. ($.) Certainly not more than ¿513 per month. W. J. "P. "asks-Where eould I get a boy from the industrial school to live with me and make him ? self useful ?-Write to Mr. Maasted, Boarding-Out Office, Phillip-sireet, r<" Subscriber (Merriwa)-The best way to come to Bydney from OhioJAmenca, would be via 'Frisco, and the cheapest passage through for a married couple would be about £50. Miner-The name of the mineral ia iron pyrites (sulphide of iron), commonly called mundic. It sometimes contains gold, and its value can therefore only be determined by assay. A. 8. (Gilmandyke Creeky-Vetches or tares can be obtained from'any of the seedsmen, whose addresses can be ascertained from our advertising columns. The present priceis 12s per bushel. W. F. asks-Where, can I buy brown leather kanga roo skins, and what the price will be ?-There are 15 qualities'; we cannot quote prices. Refer to Alderson and Bone, tanners, York-street. r* W. S. W.-There are several solicitors practising in your locality, and the point is a difficult one-inter- pretation of acts of Parliament ¡ we therefore recom- mend you to consult a solicitor. '" Adsum (Clyde 1 Station J-Letter and stamps to hand. Shepherd's asthma herb will be sent to the London address as requested, and other information asked will be furnished by letter. A Subscriber asks-Are bank managers 'allowed to actas commission agents?-We know of no rule to the contrary. 'lhere is no law on the subject. It is simply a matter,between employer and employed. A Subscriber-(Iv* " Class Book of Object Lessons," price ls 6d, George Robertson, George-street, Sydney (2.) " Galbraith, ana Naughton's Arithmetic," Ss 6d, George Robertson, bookseller, George-street. T.A. asks-Cana man, if separated from his wife fer nine years and she living with and having chtl dren by another man, procure a divorce,.and what will be the cost of divorce ?-Yes ; about ¿É50. Hardwood writes-There is a party of men cuffing sleepers on Crown land, all of them having license. Does the man drawing for them require a license ? It would appear so, thelicense issued being to cut and remove. J. L. (Warialda) asks-Can I leave a life policy of insurance to a young person now in my service ? Leave it to her by will, and no one can dispute it. If you give it to her by deed you must send notice to the Life Society. Old Subscriber (Billarie, Springside)-The steerage fares to the Clarence River from Sydnev are ¿21, and the simmers leave every Tuesday. The fare to the Richmond River, steerage, is ¿£1 2s 6d, and vessels leave every week. Coldfield auks-Li the event of a tie at an election for a seat in the Legislative Assembly of New South Wales how is it decided which candidate ts elected ? -The returning-officer has a casting vote j he has no other vote, however. Subscriber asks if he can hold a publican's license, also post-office attached to store, not public-house ? We know of no leaal objections, but we think the Postmaster-Qeneral would cancel the appointment under the circumstances. G. S. asks-Can the police compel me to shift a new house I have just finished near my old place, where I have resided for 16 months. I am camped on a travel-, ling stock reserve, and hold a miner's right ?-TJie poíice can make you shift. Nemo asks-A is hired with B as overseer. Can A legally select, and hold his position as overseer, mak- ing his selection his home ? - Tes. Of course we presume that the selection is bena fide his own, and that he is now the agent of B. Autocrat (Dartbreok) asks-To obtain an appoint- ment in any of the Government offices in Sydney what qualifications are necessary?-To be able to pass the Civil Servite examination. See answer to A. M. K. (Cooman Creek) in this.issue. George writes-If I go from Wagga to Melbourne and purchase goods and pay a portion, give three months' bill for balance, can they recover it. They sent the bill to Wagga for acceptance, and I returned it to Melbourne, accepted ?-Yes. Cobtrgo asks-Is it lawful to erect a verandah on a street or main road, it being in a town under the Police Act. If not, who is the proper person to lodge objections with ?-No, it is not lawful. Inform the inspector, or the chief officer of police in the dis- trict. Nimrod asks-Under what Act was the mineral land reserved from the conditional purchase?-lite Crown always reserves minerals, but no person has a right to mineralhj conditional purchase, or mineby virtue of a miner's license over a conditional pur- chase. J. R. (Bendemeer) wjites-I have had a plough in my possession for two months. There is a debt on it, i and the owner will not release or recognise the bill of lit.': What is the best thing to do with it?-Sue the man, and if you get a verdit get tho bailiff to sell the plough. Wager asks-If A banks money with B to play at hazards, and then B halves money he wins with A, can you accuse A of gambling ?-Decidedly ; as although he does not play himself he risks the win- ning or losing ; he simply has no confidence in his own skill. D. D. asks-If a man put a fence on Crown land and another party select the same, can he claim the same, or must he give the man that put it up notice to remove it ?-He can claim it if not put up by a Crown lessee; then the improvements are valued and have to be paid for. Murrumburrah asks-If a man is in debt can his wife claim property to stop it from being sold by say- ing it belongs to her ?-If it is the wife's property, either settled property in her or her's by virtue of the Married Woman's Property Act, she can claim it, but not otherwise. Otopopo writes-My wife having left me shortly after marriage and gone away with another, and which she informs me tn a letter. I gave her no cause to do so. [ Can I get divorced from her, and how much would it cost. She is away now some four months?-Yes ; about ¿850. G. W. writes-Having borrowed from a friend 15 years ago a sum of money without promissory note, for which I have been paying interest, can the owner of that money sue me for the principal, or force me to continue the interest ?-Yes, if. it is not more than six year s since your last payment. 8\. B. (Tarcoon and Bogan)-The stones which re- present the wordfide8 are- Felspar, or fire opal ; jade, jar goon, ^pr jaspar ; diamond ; emerald ; sapphire, spinel, avid sardonyx. T. T. Jones and Son, George-street, make rings, and have gems ready to form any motto name or initial Subscriber writes-Ireceive a letter from a relative in England telling me lam entitled to some money by my late father's will. I. wrote to the solicitor who trans- acted my father's business and received no reply. What steps ought I to take?-Instruct a solicitorhere who will employ an agent, and do all that is neces- sary. J. L. S. asks-If a person renting a house is liable for any arrears of taxes due previous to his taking possession, and also if a tenant has to pay taxes under a weekly rental, no agreement having been made with the landlord that he should do so ?-Yes, in both in- stances} the back rates you can recover from the land- lord. A. Z. writes-fl.) I contracted a debt about 14years ago. After a period of 12 years I voluntarily sent the party a remittance, forming a part of such debt. If a debt has been standing for such a period can it be recovered by law f-No. (2 ) Would the remittance I sent renew the debt, and ' could the remainder be re- covered by law ?-Yes., Sparks asks-Is it legal io'plough up a chain road, I having opened a road across private property ?-We cannot make out your meaning. If the road is a pub- lic one you must not interfere with it. If you are opening it en your own private property you «an use it as you like before you dedicate it by selling portions with the right to use it or in other ways. ; G. M. M. asks-(I.) In what year did Mr. Graham Berry firs'; become premier of the Victorian Parlia- ment ?-In 187&. CS.J, When did he first enter Parlia- ment ?-In 1860. (3.j Did the notorious Count Von Alterns (of Hamlet's ghost fame) at any time receive sentence in a criminal prosecution in the Australian colonies, whilst known under that title ?-No. J. A. M. writes-My father dies without making a will, leaving land and property. My mother adminis- ters to the estate, the people not carinq to go security for her, she having several sons of age. What is the beat step to. take. Can the selection be sold with thé stock?-It cannot be sold until the mother gets letter s of administration. Ii can then be sold. The pur- chaser would have to complete all conditions. Miner writes-I bought one-half share in a gold lease, for which I hold a receipt duly signed and wit nessed. The party that I bought th« half thßrefrom sold the whole claim to another party without consult- ing me. What can I do in the matter?-You ought to have registered your tranffer. You had better con- sult a solicitor, as there are many difficulties. G. asks-How near can I select to a squatter's tank, value £350, or to one the value of £100 ?-An area measured in the usual way and corresponding with the value of the improvements, is protected by them from conditional purchase. If the land is near a frontage road or creek the depth would be 60 chains, otherwise the measurement weuld be in a square block. B. B. B. asks-Can a man select ground which has improvements on it, the ground never being selected before, and if he could select it would he have to pay for the improvements which were on the ground at the time wh en he selected it ?-If a measured portion im- proved to £40 in value, or if unmeasured to the extent of £1 per aere, the land is not open to condi tiona I purchase. Inquirer asks-If a person sues another in a O.P.8. court for maintenance of an illegitimate child and loses the -case, can she appeal and bring it to another C. P.8. court other than the one she loses her rase at. If she loses again and appeal at the second court, can she bring to another and so on ?-27iese cases are tried in the police courts, and there is an appeal to the Quarter Sessions. J. N. E. writes-lam a digger and prospecting in a part of the country occupied by squatters. Should I find payable gold close to a well sunk by a squatter vjhat area of ground can he legally hold around the well ?-The land on which the dam stands in is exempt from the operation of miners' rights, but whether any area outside the dam is also exempted is an open question. O, H.B. (Mount Perry, Queensland)-We are not aware of any metal-coating that is put upon horse or j bullock bells, made from sheet iron, by ordinary bush ! blacksmiths. Coatings of the kind are usually effected by putting the article to be coated into a bath of fused metals, such as copper, zinc, '.tin, $c, in varying proportions, and not at all like the ordinary work of country blacksmiths. Dubious asks-(I.) Which is the best company to insure his life in ?-The Australian Mutual Provi- dent^ Society is the largest company in the colonies, having the largest reserve fund, and we think its terms are as liberal as those of any other. (2.) What notice is a person entitled to if summoned as a wit- ness on a law\case?-Sufficient to enable him to be pre- sent on the day fixed for the hearing. Fancy asks-If a young man that never held a position as school teacher worked himself up to the qualifications of one, would hereeeive an appointment in the school department, and what would oe the best books for him to get ?-~He might obtain a provisional school, salary from £7t to ¿8108. He could not obtain a public sehool unless trained and classified. The text books used in a good public school. Alpha Beta (Queensland) asks-(l.J Which part of Australia is most thickly infested with rabbits t-The Western districts of 'Victoria. (2J What are the highest prices qiven. and where ?-All prices ; highest of course where rabbits are fewest. (3.) Who are the direct paymasters, and if squatters is employment easily obtained ?-In Victoria the shire councils and the owners, and to some extent the Government. Inquirer asks-(\\.) If it is fashionable when visit- ! ing to hand your card to the servant or whoever answers the door ?-Fes. (2 J If the visit is to a widow lady and her daughters and they each appear in the drawing-room is it correct not to leave any cards on the table ?-Yes. (3.) Is the plural of "pros- pectus" formed by adding " es" f-Itis treated as an English word, forming its plural by adding " es." H. D. (Aberdeen) writes-To hold consultations or sweeps on races, such as on the Melbourne Cup, éçc, legally, is it necessary to have a license, or if not, what is necessary ?-No license is necessary, or would any legalise the proceedings if otherwise lawful. The question is how far are such affairs lawful. We pre- sume they are lawful, otherwise the police authorities would have stopped them, but we do not offer an opinion. Subscriber ashs-I have a little girl about seven years old, and she walks in her sleep. Can you tell me how to act in such a case ?-All that we can advise is to take precautions against ,the liability to accident through the peculiarity, and to be careful to promote the health and strength of the child, as well as avoid- ing as much as possible any cause of nervous excite- ment. By such care the child may outgrow the tendency. Oampadore-The Emperor of Russia is in the pos- session of the revenue from the Crown domains, con- sisting of more than a million of «guare miles of cul- tivated land and forests, besides gold and other mines in Siberia. The actual amount of this vast revenue is, however, unknown. The sum total of the income of the Imperial family is estimated at ¿62,450,000 sterling, ¿8450,000 of which is spent annually in charities, schools, §c. H. R. (Kiama) asks-Jf I take up a selection under the five years Act, beinq a single man, and am com- pelled to go away to work for want of means to carry the improvements on, how lonq may I stop away, pro- viding I stop in a tent ; ts that counted another home, or must I stop on it altogether f-The conditional pur- chase must bethe bona fide continuous residence of the Purchaser. He is not required to be always at home, ut the land must be his home, L. M. B.-Will any of our re aders supply L. M. B. with the words of the poem, from which the following verse is taken, and the author's name f Oh call it« not weeds Wo aro flowers of the gea. And beauteous and bright And grey tinted aro vie, And quite independent Of sunshine and showers. Then call us not iceeds, We are Ocean's gay flowers, ; L. L. asks the weight of the largest diamond ever found f-The largest supposed diamond is the Bra ganza, 1880 carats ; it was found in 1741 tn Brazil, but as the Portuguese Government, to whom it belongs, will not allow it to be examined, great doubt exists as to its being anything but a white tepaz. The Mattam diamond is the largest known stone, weight 367 carats of pure water, pear shape, found about 1760, at Landale, in Borneo i ¿280,000 has teen refuted for it. i Shellback asks-What volunteers attended parade at ' Moore Parft on 3fay 24,aIso ifthemen-of-warsmenfrom I the Wolverene or any ship's company on the Austra ' lian station joined or marched in Moore Park that day, independent of the JYaval Brigade ?-Permanent Artillery, Volunteer Artillery, Volunteer Engineer Corps, Torpedo Corps, Ist,* 2nd, and 3rd Regiment Volunteer Infantry, Naval Brigade.t No men-of war's-men were present of either Imperial or colonial marine. Campadore asks-fl.) Which of the two colonies had the most white settlers in 1841, Victoria or New Zealand f-Population of Victoria, known in 1841 as the Port Phillip district of New South Wales, was 11,738. We have no record of the population of New Zealand in 1841, but in 1843 the white settlers num* bared 7X00, (%,) How mmh mney tie» the- 0àgr ./ Russia receive per annum t-^We are n»t aware of the amount received by the Emf erar of Russia, but his income is very large, '? i. Tenant asles-Five years ago I rented à AM«« and small piece of ground for twelve months, the rent- to be paid weekly or monthly. J pay the rent monthly. I havs lined in the same place ever since, without any ne»j lease. Am I still a yearly tenant ; if to, what notice is my landlord legally bound to give me, or can he raise my rent ?-We are of opinvm that von are % monthly tenant, and th at a month's notice is svß dent to put an end to the tenancy. 8\. 8. (Bundaleer Plains) writes-A has a contract from B, and employs me. When I ask for a settle, ment A gives me an order on B, whose clerk says he j will get it cashed. I leave the order and afterwards ! called at B's offne. B states A has left the colony, and A has not been debted reith the amount. I nth B's clerk for the order, and he can give no account of it only that he remembers receiving it from me. Who am I to come on for my wages ?-You would stand a very good chance of recovery from B. Sherbrooke asks-(1.) A contractor contracts to erect a Government building and fails to complete the work, but does nat go insolvent, the contractor's bonds, men undertake and completo the building. Who are the proper person or persons to , take proceedings against for payment of timber supplied and worked up in the said building 9-The contractor. (2.) Can I recover the said payment f-Yes, as there will be money coming to the contractor, or his bondmen, from this contrast you had better attach it for your debt. Tapeworm (St. Peters)-If, as you say, you hire consulted doctors but cannot be eured of tapeworm, it certainly seems strange. Try the liquid extract of fern root in scruple doses, beet up with the yolk of egg and a little syrup of orange-peel and water-a break- fast cupful altogether, before breakfast. If the worm is not removed in about six hours, toko a strong done of a quickly- atting purgative medicine. Should this fail to bring the worm away try the same course again afexo day s afterwards, and again if necessary. Uow» ever, the first dose rarely fails. T. W, asks-fl.) If a promissory note which bears the signature of the debtor and^ payable on demand requires to be stamped and witnessed, either in this colony or Victoria ?-In thiB colony the stamp duty is ls per ¿6100. (2.) What time has to elapse in either of the two colonies before the same cannot be recomí ina court of law ?-Six years from date pf dishonor, i.e., demand and refusal, or omission to pay. fi.) What is the least number it takes to compose a en'efcet club 9-Just as many as the parties associating for the purpose choose to decide uvon¿ ' ' Cobar (Cow Flat) auks-Site years ago I selected 100 acres under Section IS. I have' fulfilled the residence clause and placed £200 worth improvements on same. Last year I made an additional selection (under Section 21 ) of 50 acres, and now, I wish to know if I can select again under Section Í3, ,and,does my select, ina last year as an addition prevent me making anew selection for five years. Our local land agent is not certain about the point ?-An applicant for an addi tional selection is not debarred thereby from taking up another piece of land under Section 18. Inquirer asks if a landlord could lawfully seize and sell property belonging to persons lodging in the house of his tenant, in payment cf rent owing hythe tenant. If so, what precautions would it be wise for the lodgers to take prior to renting and.furnishing rooms?-Tes, a landlord can do this. But if the lodgers show to a J,P. that the property seized it theirs, and not the tenants, then they will be of course entitled to keep it. In fact, a landlord will seldom distrain upon a lodger's goods if it is sufficiently Î,roved to him that they are the lodger's and not the enant's. J. H. (Jellengroo)-Savoy cabbage is generally thought best for winter use. For a; winier erop sow in January, slightly shading the seed beds, and plant out in moist weather when the plants are large enough. Easthow and London market are good hinds of i cabbage for any season, and a sowing may be made in September. Ginger nuts.-Flour, llb ; .treacle,-liv ; sugar, 3oz; fresh butter, 43» ; ground ginger IJOJS ; citron and candied orange-peel, cut small, 412 each. Melt the butter and treacle together, and then mix the whole, adding a little flour j drop the nuts upon buttered tins and bake. Menindie writes-fl.) A person arrives ill from a station and dies intestate. The curator of the intes- tate estates seizes the property and cdsh. What notm has he to give, so that creditors may tend in their claims. Must nurses, undertakers, and lodgihghöuse keepers, S¡c,wait until the curator ' chooses to pay, the deceased having had sufficient money iii his posses- sion to pay their claims ?-Creditors should send thmr claims at once; they will be paid Ids'sóáÁ as the curator can value assets. (2 / A girl aged 20 wishes to marry, her father being dead. Thé mother gives her consent tothe marriage. "Voes the- law require the consent of the Government through its nominee before the marriagecanbe celebrated ?-No. A. M. K. fOooman Creek) asks-(1J What are the series of studies, and how far advanced in each must a young man be in order to pass ¡the Civil Service examination?-To write correctly an ordin- ary newspaper paragraph from dictation, to parse, to know the general geography of the world, the history of England from the Norman Conquest to the present time. Arithmetic, to practice, fractions and propor- tion. (2.) Is it a rule made by the examiner that the pupils have to vunctuate when writing from dictation?-Yes. {3.) Where could 1 procure a dic- tionary containing all the modern biographical names with their pronunciation ?-At Ge* 'ie Robert- son's, bookseller, George- street, Sydney. ' i T. N. (Lachlan River) writes-I selected 40 awes of land some years ago, and received my deeds. About two years since I made application for 50 acres more in virtue of the freehold, and 80 aeres, both extending' in a southern direction from the freehold^ The apply - talion was approved of. About 13 months after wards, the surveyor came and surveyed them, and in so doing he left a road between the, Waeret and 80, cutting the 80 acres off. Oan I hold the 80 acres »j* virtue of the freehold or must I makt a separate resi- dence and improvements ?-The reply would depend upon the character oj the road referred to. If a fron- tage road, land could not be held on both sides'of it. The writer had better address hit inquiry to the Lands Department. Avernus (Kelso)-India-rubber is soluble in ether, chloroform, naptha, and essential oils.of turpentine, and others. Many of both the, fixed and essential oils'will, when heated with India-rubber, produce thick glutinous compounds which may answer your purpose. Out into fine shreds, and put into,linseed oil and boiled with it, in the proportions of 4o« to each l$Zo of oil a solution is: fornytd, which, after straining, ts' much used for water- proofing cloth and other material. For the purpose of.' moulding the rubber is usually vulcanised, i.e., mixed xoith sulphur and heated from 240 degrees up íó'310 degrees! F., but in practice many other substances are. added, ana processes are trade secrets. : Vulcanised, rubber is not soluble in the oils, $c" which dissolve it previous to that process. ?. . .... 