LAW COURTS. POLICE COURT—ADELAIDE. Monday, April 16. [Before Mr. S. Beddome, P.M., Dr. John Bees, Hon. Philip Santo, and Messrs. L. G. Madley, and E. Lucv.l ACTION FOB LIBEL. SOLOMON Y. LINK LATER. This was a case in which the plaintiff, Samuel Moss Solomon, charged the defen dant, F. Harvic Linklater, solicitor, of Ade laide, and Wm. Barnet, of Gawler, pub lisher, with the publication of an alleged defamatory libel contained in the "Towa Talk" column of the Gawler Bunyip newspaper on March 23. Mr. Wadey and Mr. Cox for the plaintiff, and Mr. Villeneuve Smith and Mr, Matthews for the defendant. The a.Vteged libel was as follows:—" Some considerable time ago in the days when piratigai opera-bouffe was all the rage at the Theatre Royal, and legs and champagne usod occasionally to be in a glorious state of mix behind the scenes, a aaring, but tight-fisted son of Abraham came to the laudable determination of 'cheeing shomethings for notings ma tear.' With this end in view the gentleman (?) in question, after some little exertion and no small ex penditure of fingernails, attained an airy and advantageous position on the roof of Mr. Macdonald's stabling, from which vantage ground he had an uninterrupted view of the undraped window of the room wherein certain undraped young ladies were in a habit of nocturcally draping themselves. Long, earnestly, and wistfully did he gaze on the picture which met his sight until in an ill starred moment a brother tom- cat uplifted his voice in a miner key at his elbow! The sound attracted the attention of a more than usually undraped nymph, and a terrific scream announced to the hapless intruder that his dazzling shirit-front and glittering diamond studs had been ' spotted !' Vainly he strove to make h»"s way to terra firma! Unnerved and gasp ing he hung by a waterspout and finger tips, from'which perilous position he was rescued by the stage manager and property-man. But his troubles had only begun. The enraged Dianas claimed their victim, and had him too! They took him to their dressing-room, and, having'plentifully besprinkled him with dirty water, deftly applied their ready pow der puffs, and when that unhappy wight arrived at the paternal mansion, the old man raised his eyes and his hands, and exclaimed —Holy Moses ! ish dat a ghost or a rolling pin ? . . .. How, you would hardly credit it, but this young gentleman is a member of the Artillery Force of South Australia, and he is just about to be promoted to the rank of commissioned officer, and to mix with gentle men. Of course, after the above narrative every one will know what for!" Mr. Smith said in order to shorten the pro ceeding he proposed, with his learned friend's consent, to ask the bench to at once dismiss an unnecessary enquiry as to Mr. Barnet, on the very highest authority in this country. The following letter, dated March 27,18S3, which his learned friend (Mr. Wadey) ad mitted having written to Mr. Barnet, rendered any further action being taken unnecessary in respect to Mr. Barnet:— "We have been consulted by Mi". M. S. Solomon, sergeant of B Battery Adelaide Artillery, respecting a gross libel of and con cerning him which appeared in your issue of the 23rd inst., under the heading 'Town Talk' (by Pelts), and are instructed to com mence criminal proceedings against the writer forthwith. We have, therefore, to de mand from you the name, address, and occu pation of the writer of such article, and to inform you that unless we receive same by this day week proceedings will be commenced against you for publishing the article." He was instructed that he could prove that that week's time was enlarged, and the im plied condition of not prosecuting was com plied with within the extended time. Under the circumstances he asked the bench to dismiss the case on the celebrated authority of the Queen v. King. The writers' names were given then, and the decision of the court was given under precisely similar cir cumstances. _ Mr. Wadey denied that any extension of time had been given. On behalf of his client he demanded the name of the writer of the alleged libel within a period of a week. Ho reply was received to that, but after the week _ had expired his firm had an interview with Mr. Idnklater, and certain conditional offers were made by him. His firm wrote a letter stating exactly what was required, but instead of replying to the letter, which was sent on April 5, the letter was ignored, and then the name of the writer was given up. He would consent to his learned friend's (Mr. Smith) suggestion and withdraw the case as against Mr. Barnet. Mr. Smith—Then why didn't you say so before? The case against the defendant, Mr. Link later, was then proceeded with. Michael John Stapleton, a bootmaker, said he lived at Gawler. Bought a copy of the Gawler Bunyip dated March 23. He sent a copy of the paper down to Mr. Moss Samuel Solomon, at Adelaide. By Mr. _ Smith—Remembered reading the article; it was a matter of oninion whether it was right that such a thing should be pub lisbed. He sent the paper to the informant, who wrote asking him to send it. Did not know Mr. Solomon at the time. Did not know why Mr. Solomon wrote to him. Was not sure about the initials of the writer, but thought they were "M. J." Moss Samuel Solomon, the informant, said he was a clerkemployed at Mr. R. Raphael, in Hindley- street. Received a copy of the Gawler Bunyip of March 23. Gave it to Mr. Cox, solicitor. Was a sergeant in B Battery of the Port Adelaide Artillery. Was of the Hebrew persuasion. Was acquainted with all the Jews in the artillery force. There were about four of tbem—their names were Major Solomon, two gunners in A battery, and himself. Major Solomon was the only Hebrew commissioned officer there. Witness had lately undergone an ex amination for a commission of lieutenant in the artillery. Was examined on March 29. Had sent in an application for the examination within a month before. Had read the article, his attention being called to it on March 27. The latter portion oE tne auegea libel referred to himself. By Mr. Smith—Had been in the Military Force six years. Knew such persons as Lena Grey and Lena Carey. As an officer and gentleman he should say that a man who looked through a window at ladies dressing or undressing ought to be horsewhipped. Had been chaffed about having looked through a window. Had been chaffed by one person who said that witness was the person referred to in the newspaper. He knew Mrs. Ford. Had not asked her to say it was someone else of the name of Isaacs who looked through the window. Had mentioned the name of Isaacs in connection with the enquiry. Mr. Smith.—Is Isaac going to offer himself up again as an oblation to Solomon? (Laughter.) By Mr. Smith.— Mrs. Ford is in court now. At this stage all witnesses were ordered to leave the court. Cross-examination continued.—Had known Mrs. Ford as a neighbor for nearly eight years. Did not know whether she was one of the ladies dressingat the time when it was said some one looked in at the window. Had asked Mrs. Ford what she knew about it since the beginning of these proceedings. He asked her because he knew she was employed at the Theatre and might be able to clear his name. Did not know whether she was one of the " six officers," or whether she was the one who screamed when some one looked through the window. Had not always known ber by the name of Mrs. Ford. Her other name was Sophy Harris. He went to her because he knew she was present at the time. Did not ask her whether any one had been puff-powdered. Had. received a letter from Mrs. Ford on the subject of thi3 affair. She said nothing about Isaacs. Witness knew Isaacs, who was a bookmaker. Received the letter produced on April 9 from Mrs, Ford. The letter came from Mrs. Ford as he asked her for it. Was not aware that any one said it was Isaacs who was on the roof, although Mrs. Ford said she thought it was. She told him thi3 as he asked her if she knew the man who looked into the room; she replied "no," and he then said "Was it Isaacs? " and she said that that was his name. The Isaacs he referred to was a young fellow named Michael Isaacs, the son of Mr. Isaacs, the clothier, of Hindley-street. She said that he was the person who was caught looking ^into the window. Had spoken to several of the other theatre hands, but did not mention the name of Isaacs, although they described Mm. He (witness) last saw Isaacs on board a steamer bound for the other colony. Could not remember the date when Isaacs went away, but thought it was three pionths ago. Did not trouble to find out whether Michael Isaacs was the person who looked into the window. The paragraph in the Bulletin contained a i. somewhat similar description of the affair to that in the Bunyip. About two Jor I three weeks after the paragraph appeared in the Bulletin he was chaffed by volunteers about the affair. Only on one occasion did he take notice of it, viz., when Sergeant Lillywhite spoke about it. No practical joke was played on him at the Military Club when the matter was being discussed, but would not be positive. Would swear that he had no hands laid on him when being chaffed. Did not remember any money being left from a military ball which was to be devoted to a little snpper at which ladies were to be invited, nor that he sent in .the name of a lady who was refused admittance by the com* mitfcee. Would not swear that he had shown 1 a photograph of a woman of bad character who was to be invited by him to the sapper, but was refused. Might have boasted cf having been improperly intimate with dis reputable womeD. Hadbeen designated the" B Battery ram." This sobriquet v<aS applied to him sometimes by young fejiows. Do not remember ever haviDg br^ted that he had had an improper intimacy with one of the six officers' of cfce "Tambour Major" troupe, but wcuid not swear. First heard the Bunyip pCtragraph re^d iu his hearing in the non>co,mtmssioncd officers' club, but did not adopt it as referring to him, nor did any one say that it was not nice for a gentleman to act as the paragraph stated. Would swear that the Bulk tin paragraph did not contain his name, and for that reason he did not take proceedings, and also because it might have referred to any son of Abraham. Had altered the whiskers on his face lately, but could not remember when. Took the sidelights off his face about two or three months ago, and after letting them grow had lately shaved them off. Would swear that be had never looked into a side window of the theatre. Was never on McDonald's roof. Was never pow dered by ladies. Had never tried to look at ladies dressing either through a door or a window. Had contradicted the state ment of the Bunyip to Sergeant Lillywhite in the presence of one or two other men. Never thought that during the past two years he was looked upon as the person who looked into the window. If Lena Carey said he was the person she told an untruth. Major Francis Downes, Colonel of the Royal Artillery and Commandant of the Forces in South Australia, said he knew Sergeant Moss Samuel Solomon, of B Bat tery. He applied for a commission as lieute nant in the artillery about six weeks ago. Had seen the article in the Bunyip of March 23. The first portion of the article applied' to Sergeant Solomon, of B Battery, the second portion to Lieut. Daniels A.R., and the third, by name, to Captain Curtis, A. R. _ Sergeant Solomon had passed his examination, but had not been recom mended for a commission, because his (the colonel's) attention had been directed to the article in question. By Mr. Smith.—If any of his officers were guilty of the ungentle manly conduct mentioned in the article, he would he glad to hear of it, either directly or anonymously; Had heard a rumor concern ing Sergeant Solomon before Good Friday ; hut it might have been on Good Friday. Benjamin Solomon, major commanding B Battery, knew the prosecutor, who was a sergeant in his battery. Knew that he had applied through him for a commission as lieutenant. Had read the Bunyip article which referred to Sergeant Solomon, If one of his men had been gu„lty of such conduct as was described in the paper he would report it to his superior officer. George Cahill, stage carpenter at the Theatre Royal, said he remembered the " Tambour Major" operatic troupe perform ing at the Theatre RoyaL Remembered a man getting on the roof of Theatre Royal, hut did not see him. Brought him into the theatre, receiving him from Mr. McDonald's ostler. Took him into the Theatre Royal and handed him over to Mr. Harwood or Mr. John Wallace. The man whom he took in was not Solomon as he is now. By Mr. Smith—Did not take any particular notice of him, hut thought he was a little lame. This occurred.about two years ago. "Tambour Major" was being performed, and it was just as the second act was coming on that he took the perions into the theatre. Sophia Ford, wife of the wardrobe manager at the Theatre Royal, stated that she was engaged at the Theatre Royal, when the " Tambour Major" operatic troupe were per forming there. Remembered the circum stance of a man being taken into the property-room and beiDg'whitewashed. All the ladies were present at the whitewashing. Did not do anything to the man. Had an oppor tunity of noticing the person. Knew Mr. Solcmon. He was not the man. Had known him five or six years. By Mr. Smith—It is five or six years since she first knew com plainant. Was engaged as an officer in the performance of "Tambour Major" the night a man looked into the window. The person did not look into her room. She saw the man in the property-room from the door where she was standing among seven other officers. They were all crushed close to the door, not standing in open order. All the ladies were collected in and outside the property-room. Did not hear, the victim say, "Pray, don't," when being whitewashed. He might have done so, but she did not hear him. The man was not Solomon, as she knew the person who looked into the window; his name was Isaacs. His name was not suggested to her by complainant who came to her about a week ago, when she wrote the letter to him. Knew Isaacs well, and thought she saw hiui or his brother in Rundle-street laBt Saturday night. Mr. Solomon had seen her twice about the scandal. Saw the man plainly before he was white washed, and would swear it was not Solomon, the plaintiff. Annie Smith, single woman, stated that she was engaged at the Theatre Royal during the performance of " Tambour Major.'? Re membered a man being caught on the stable of Mr. McDonald's Hotel. He was taken into the room and powdered. Mr. Solomon is not the man. By Mr. Smith—Am one of the Smiths who appeared before Mr. Beddome on a charge of beating Constable Smith at North Adelaide some time ago. Was one of the chorus girls in the opera " Tambour Major." Mr. Smith—And a very good one too. Witness—Yes ; I have a good voice. Witness continued—The powdering was done in a large room of the Theatre Royal. Could not get into the room as it was crowded. Saw the man who was powdered at the Theatre Royal in Rundle-street la9t Saturday night. No one pointed the man out to her, hut he was after wards pointed out to her by a reporter who joined herself and Mrs. Ford in Rundle street. Did not know the plaintiff by name until it was mentioned in court, but had known him a little by sight. Mr. Cox here got into the box and put in a letter (which will he found lower down) from the defendant, dated April 5. This closed the plaintiff's case. Mr. Smith was about to proceed with a few opening remarks on the law of libel, when Mr. Beddome interrupting him stated that he intended to send the case on for trial in a higher court. Mr. Smith—All right your worship; then I'll call my witnesses; but I'll undertake to say that when the Attorney-General sees the depositions he will not. Mr. Smith then called the following evidence :— Sergeant Lillywhite stated that he had not read the article in the Bunyip, but he had read the Bulletin paragraph, and chaffed the plaintiff about it. It was about eighteen months or two years ago since he and other men chaffed Solomon about the Bulletin para graph. Had never heard Solomon contradict it except a month or six weeks ago. By Mr. Wadey—Had not heard him contra dict it in the presence of Sergeant Thornton. George Wm. Stacey, clerk of works at Largs Bay, and late a sergeant in the Artil lery, said he had known Solomon for two or three years. Had heard Solomon chaffed by men about looking into a ladies' dressing room at the Theatre Royal window and get ting whitewashed for it, but never heard him deny the charge. Knew that Solomon wanted to bring a lady to a party, and the witness objected to her, and she was not allowed to come. By Mr. Wadey—Never heard him deny the paragraph, but he rather seemed proud of it, and had told them of several other exploits. He seemed to greatly enjoy the chaffing which he received cn the subject. Joseph Noel Perry, brigade-sergeant-major in the Artillery, stated he knew the prose cutor, and had heard him chaffed in the Non commissioned Officers' Club about a little escapade on a roof with a cat. By Mr. Wadey—Never took the trouble to ascertain whether it was Solomon who was referred to in the Bulletin article. Had heard Solomon say in the club that he wa3 not the hero. Believed that Sergeants Stacey and Thornton were present when Solomon denied that he was mixed up in the matter. Frederick Harvie Linkliter, barrister-at law, and defendant in the case, stated that he was the Adelaide correspondent for the Bunyip and for the London Era, and two years ago was editor of the Adelaide Bulletin. Was the writer of the article in '' Town Talk " by "Pelts," which appeared in the Bunyip on March 23, which he wrote on the authority of his own eyesight. As editor of the Bulletin he had the privilege of free entree to the Theatre Royal. One evening about two years ago he was standing about twenty feet from the stage door and heard some one say " a man is on the roof." Shortly afterwards saw a man near McDonald's stable, and saw another man take him into the theatre through the stage-door, passing witness, who moved aside to allow him to pass, and recognised him as the plaintiff. The man who was taken in remained in some little time, and witness walked to the foot of I the stage door. In a few minutes he came ; out in a very whitened condition. Had a good view of the person as he came out, and I would swear positively that the prosecutor was the man. Published an account of the occurrence in the next issue of the Bulletin. \ The following letter was here put in and read:—"Victoria Chambers, Flinders street, April 5, 1SS3. Messrs. Wadey and Cox, solicitors. Dear sirs—In answer to your letter of to-day, I beg leave to correct your . statement that I made a conditional offer on behalf of Mr. Barnet to give up the name of his correspondent. The condition inserted in my letter was no more than the one implied in your own letter of April 2, viz , that if Mr. Barnet disclosed the name of his correspon dent, he would be-freed from the proceeding which-you threatened, if he did not do-so. My embodiment of the condition that I now dispense with its repetition as Sir. liar net's attorney, compared with your original request, for which compliance you have extended the iirne in your interview with me and Mr. Matthews ; and I therefore announce to you that the town correspondent of the Bnmjip whowrites under the name of "Pelts," and who wrote the article of March 23, is myself: and I beg leave to add that an account of the occurrence in the rear of the theatre was published in the Bulletin some two years ago, and Mr. Solomon, your client, was there named as the hero. I desire to also add that I myself witnessed the whole affair, in cluding the punishment inflicted by the ladies, and was an amused spectator of its ghostly result. If your client, animated after two years by a sudden access of self-respect, is so ill-advised as to proceed I shall have no hesitation in proving the above facts, and that your client has admitted them. And I have no hesitation in saying from my know ledge of the army and volunteers (in a distin guished corps in which I have served) that it was a matter of the highest importance to the force and to the public that respectable citi zens who undertake to defend their country should not have such an officer to lead tbem in the field without the force and the public beiDg both made well aware of it.—Yours truly, Fred H. Lixklater." Witness continued—Mr. Solomon's name was put in the Bulletin article. It was either Moses Solomon or Solomon Moses. Before he wrote the article in the Bunyip, heard that it was common talk that the plaintiff was trying to get pro moted in the force. By Mr. Wadey—Would not swear that Lieut. Smith spoke to him in reference to the article before it was written. Objected to say who supplied him with the particulars for the other two articles. Was a member of the Devil's Own, in London, and applied to Colonel Dowues for a commission, but it was withdrawn by witness as a misapprehension existed as to the defendant's holding a com mission in London. Had not seen the defen dant before the night in question. Lieutenant Wilkinson, A.R., stated that he was a member of the Civil Service, and at one time sketched the cartoons for the Bulletin. Was at the theatre on the night that the man was found on the roof, and heard it talked about in the saloon. Next morning spoke to Mr. Roach, the editor of the paper, about it. This closed the defendant's case, and Mr. Beddome committed him for trial, bail being allowed in one surety of £50 and two for £25 each. 