THE CORONATION OF THE CZAR, Moscow, May 27. At i o clock tins morning the inau guration of the magnificent ceremonies attendant upon the coronation of the Emperor and Empress of all the Russias was announced by the ringing of hundreds of bells and a thunder of artillery. Even at that early hour the Streets were thronged with people, visitors from abroad and from otlien parts of the empire crowding the case: ments, all striving to find eligible places from which to view the procession. Sucli places were worth a great Heal of money. During the entire night there was unusual activity in the streets. Not only were those people there whose anxiety concerning the coronation kept them awake, but a strong guard : of i soldiers patrolled all parts of the cicy, giving tho streets a very martial appearance. Great bodies of soldiers, shortly before G o’clock, were stationed along the route of the procession, some four miles in length, and occupied the stroets on either side, keeping the people on the walks. All the unreserved spaces in the streets wore speedily filled by eager sight-seers, while windows, doorways, and housetops were lot out at fabulous prices to visitors. Tlio dignitaries of the realm who were to take part in the actual ceremony as sembled according to the pre-arranged programme at the Cathedral of the. Holy Assumption within tho walls of tho Kremlin. These fimctionares en tered the. magniticient building at just 7.30 a.ui. At about eight there followed in order tho foreign princes, the nobility of Russia and other States of Europe,, and the special and regular ambassadors of foreign countries residing in Russia. The utmost cave was exercised to pre vent the admission of any unauthorised or improper persons, each individual as' lie appeared at the entrance being made to exhibit .a carefully prepared ticket,, which' was subjected to the closest scrutiny. This form was observed also at the wall of the Kremlin and tho doors of the cathedral. At the request of General Schweinitz, the Ambassador for Germany, eighty mem hors, com prising the diplomatic corps, assembled at his mansion,' and were conveyed thence to the Kremlin in superbly' equipped coaches. The remainder of the diplomatic body, consisting of the " attaches of the various legations, were assigned positions in a tribune just out side the cathedral proper, hut inside the inolosure of the • Kremlin. 'When the walls of the Kremlin inclosed all of the crowd that could he admitted, a choir of hoys chanted the Tc Dourn, amid profound silence, outside the church: as well as within it. Tho clergy, accom panied by acolytes bearing a cross and ewer of'holy water proceeded to receive the Czarevitch. Tins scion of royalty, who was surrounded by a brilliant evrtige, took bis place at the right hand: of the throne. When the procession started it was made known to those in side the cathedral by" the renewed ringing of bells, by the sonorous music from scores of hands, and by shouting from those outside. As the royal party appeared at the door of the palace, the immense multitude immediately un covered their heads and hurst into loud acclamations, in which even the women joined, the enthusiasm being hearty and spontaneous. At the head of the royal barouche, which now entered tiie Kremlin, was the master of the cere monies, flanked by heralds richly clothed and mounted upon pure white horses. The procession was of immense length, and comprised deputies from the Asiatio States of tho Empire, students of the University, the clergy, judges, nobility, and prefects from evory section of tlio Empire. When tho front rank reached tho doors of tho palace it was mot by the Emperor, wearing tho white uniform of a colonel of tho Imperial guard, and the Empress, dressed in tho Hus inn national costume of black vel vet, richly embroidered with diamonds, and girdled with a magnificent belt of precious stones. Tho Empress leaned on the arm of her Imperial consort, and the pair placed themselves behind a canopy richly wrought in silk and gold, held by thirty-two generals of high mi litary rank. They then took their place near the. head of the procession, directly behind the regalia. At this moment the entire body of the clergy emerged from the. cathedral, in order to meet the regalia, which they publicly sprink led with holy water and perfumed in cense. Upon entering the portals of the cathedral the Emperor and Empress were received by the Metropolitans of Moscow, of Novgorod, and Kiofl', who presented to them a cross to be kissed, and sprinkled thorn with holy watur. Before the sacred images which flanked the doors of the cathedral the Emperor and Empress knelt and bowed their heads, after which they were conducted to two aneient thrones, of ivory and silver. Tho Emperor occupied the his torical throne of tho Czar Vladimir Monomagcre, while the Empress was seated in an armchair, gilded and en crusted with jewels. The thrones were placed on the dais erected between the two middle columns of tho cathedral, and over the dais was a canopy of scar let velvet suspended from the arched roof. It was embroidered with gold and lined with silver brocade, which was worked with the arms of Russia and all her dependencies in the most in genious manner, In front of the thrones were two tables covered with gold cloth, on which were placed the crowns, orb, and sceptre. Only the foreign princes were accommodated with seats. The Russian princes and the other dig nitaries stood during tho entire cere mony, according to the custom of the Greek Church. The dignitaries of the realm who carried the standard and seals of the empire took their stand on the steps of the dais. , After their Majesties were seated the metropolitan of Novgorod asked the Emperor in a loud, distinct voice, “ Are you a true believer 1 ” The Em peror, falling on his knees, read in a clear voice the Lord’s Prayer and Apostles’ Creed according to the Greek Church, the Metropolitan responding, “ May the grace of the Holy Ghost re main with thee I ” He then descended the dais. The following customary summons was then three times repeated by the bishop: “ If there be any of you here present knowing any impedi ment for which Alexander, son of Alexander, should not be crowned, by the grace of. God, Emperor and Auto crat of All the Russias, let him come forward now in the name of the Holy Trinity, aiid show what the impediment is, or let him remain dumb for ever after.” Reading selections from the Gospel the metropolitan of Novgorod and Kicfi' again ascended the dais, and invested the Emperor with the Imperial mantle, the archbishop of Moscow say ing at tho same time, “ Cover and pro tect thy people as this robe protects and covers thee.” The Bmperor responded, “ I will, 1 will, I will, God helping.” The metropolitan of Novgorod, crossing his hands on the head of the Emperor, then invoked the benediction of the Almighty God upon him and his reign, and delivered to Alexander the Third the crown of Russia, which he placed on his own head. Assuming the sceptre and orb, lie took his seat on the throne. He then returned the insignia of his title to the dignitaries appointed to re ceive them, and called the Empress, who knelt before him. He touched her head lightly with his crown, and then formally crowned her with her own crown. The bearing and attitude of tho Empress as she knelt was one of sympathy with her royal husband, and touched the audience deeply. The Czar preserved throughout the ceremony a grave and decorous dignity and noble ness of demeanour which aroused the admiration'of all present. After the Empress had been duly invested with the imperial mantle, and their Majesties were both seated on "their thrones, an archdeacon intoned the imperial titles, and sang “ Domino salvam fac impe ratem,” which was taken up and thrice repeated by the choir. Directly this part of the ceremony was finished, tho bells in all the churches of Moscow rang out in a chorus, while a salute of 101 guns was fired, and inside the cathedral the members of the imperial family' tendered their congratulations to their Majesties. The Emperor then knelt and recited a prayer, at the end. of which the clergy and all present knelt before the Emperor. Tho Arch bishop of Moscow said aloud, on behalf of the nation, a fervent prayer of hap piness to their. Majesties; shouts of “ Long live the Emperor ” then rent tho cathedral, and were taken up by the thousands outside, and carried from mouth to mouth, until that part of the multitude which was unable to get in side tho ample acreage of tho Kremlin caught the sound, which waved a huge volume of human gratulation to the re motest parts of the city. Tho cathedral choir then sang the Te Deum, after which the Emperorungirded his sword, and accompanied by the Empress and numerous dignitaries, proceeded to the gate of the sanctuary. There the metro politan of Novgorod anointed the Em peror’s forehead, eyelids, nostrils, and lips, ears, breast, and hands, at the same exclaiming, “ Behold tho seal of the Holy Ghost; may it keep thee ever holy.” The Empress was anointed only on her forehead. Both took the sacra ment, and then left the cathedral weafing their crowns and mantles, tho ' Emperor also bearing the sceptre and orb. After praying at the Cathedral of St. Michael the Archangel, their Ma- ; jcsties returned to' the palace, escorted by a procession which presented even a more splendid s:ght than that which rs iortnd them to the cathedral, being now augumentcd by. the gorgeous state sarriages of the Imperial family. Ban ners wore waved from all points of the Kremlin, and the whole route of the procession fairly glowed with bright draperies and hangings. The Emperor re- entered the Palace by the celebrated red staircase from wlienco the laws were anciently promulgated. There ho turned and saluted the people, who immediately uncovered their heads, cheering enthu siastically and blessing the Czar. The cost of the coronation is esti mated at £2,000,000. (Argut Corre spondent.) 