Before the Curtain. Gaiety Theatre. — Hullo, here's a shout ! here's a deuce of a rout ! Mephisto and Siebel, both fizzing about ! And Faust, with " Hey, Presto !" turned clean inside out ! And all about Gretchen the Fair ! Socrates (freely translated). On Saturday Mr. Bayless opened his doors for the performance of Italian Opera Seria, by the Associated Artistes' Italian Opera Company. This operatic troupe, whose title reminds Mr. Punch of " Dcr Kbnigliche - Kaiserliche - Oestreichiche- Staat's-Eisenbahn's-Gesellschaft's-Haupt-Offiizier," includes several vocalists well known to Sydney. Others, to judge from their names, would seem to be of Piedmontese origin ; and Mr. P. is not sure that he has not heard, at least one of the company, at Turin— now cer tainly the head quarters of music in Italy. Be that as it may, the artiste crew pull well together ; and Mr. Punch has a little sort of feeling all down his back, when he thinks of the good things that are in store for him. and he knows that all lovers of good music will join him in welcoming a return to high-class opera. Even Toby barks with joy. Hip, hip, hurrah 1 The work selected for the opening night was Gounod's " Faust," — an opera especially interesting to Mr. Punch, as he happened to be in London at the time of its first production there, exactly twenty years ago, and recollects every detail connected with its entirely different rendering at the rival opera-houses, and the battle of the critics thereupon. The present performance at this theatre, allowing for the difference both in resources and support between Sydney and the great European capi tals, is a remarkably fine and even one. We have witnessed it twice ; and Tuesday's performance, when the singers had got accustomed to the house, showed a marked improvement on that of the opening night. Signora Rachele Graziosi is possessed of a pure soprano voice, of considerable power and apparent flexibility, but it is a trifle want ing in the sympathetic quality essential to such a part as Margaret. The quaint old ballad of the " Konig von Thnle," the Jewel Song, and especially the " 0 del ciel angeli," were all excellently sung ; but there was an absence of distinctive individuality about the character as a whole, and we missed something of the pensive wondering ten- derness, as opposed to Southern passion, that German prime donne delight in giving to the garden scene. We shall look forward to hear ing this lady in a thoroughly Italian Opera, such as " I Puritani," " Lucia," or, par excellence, " Linda." Signor Augusto Castelli, too, was hardly an ideal Faust. He is a thorough tenore robusto, and, con sequently, although he sang well throughout the Opera, his least successful efforts were in the " Salve dimora" and " Dam mi ancor." On the other hand he was extremly fine in the scenes with Mephis- pheles, especially the first. He would make a splendid Masaniello. The success of the Opera is unquestionably Signor Filippo Graziosi's Mephistopheles. Following closely on the lines of M. I aure, the greatest of all Mephistos, he is at once less dignified and more dramatic. In a word, he is more Italian. His fine, powerful voice, his excellent singing, his accomplished acting and facial expression are most effective ; and in the scene where he quakes with deadly terror, shrinking and gnashing his teeth, when banned by the crosses of the sword-hilts, and later on in the duel of Faust and Valentine, he creates a fureur of applause. Hardly inferior in its way is Signor Ignazio Viganotti's Valentine. His cultivated barytone voice tells well, and his singing in the magnificent trio — one of the finest pieces of writing in the Opera — and his thouroughly artistic death, prove this gentleman to be possessed of no mean operatic talents. Signora Margherita Venosta is an admirable Siebel, Signora Clari a particu larly artistic Marta, and Signor Alfredi Borsoni a satisfactory W agner . The orchestra, ably conducted by Signor Paolo Giorza, is small, but very efficient. Of course no excellence of playing can give that richness of string which is only obtainable by multiplicity ; but it is a treat to be able to hear the singers without their being smothered with orchestral playing, as they too frequently are at the great opera houses. The chorus only want a little more drilling, and to have a " godfather" stuck into them when singing behind the scenes. They ought never to drag. We have no wish to be hypercritical as to the mise en scene. But the bourgeoisie of the Middle Ages (the Lord be praised !) didn't have cinque-cento vases and pseudo-classic statues about their gardens worse than those in the Sydney Botanical. Burn them, Mr. Kinchela, as you love us 1 They're only in the singers' way. Taken altogether, Faust is a very great success. Last night was to be given, and to-morrow night (Saturday) is to be repeated. Bellini's opera "La Sonnambula," which, in spite of Wagnerians and others, who mistake musical declamation for singing, and orchestral illustration for music, will ever be welcome, so long as there are singers who can sing. Miss Alice Rees was to make, what Mr. Punch believes will have been, ere these lines issue, a highly successful first appearance as Amina. Mr. P. has witnessed many a debut on the Italian boards, including those of Mesdames Adelina Patti and Laura Harris, in this most (vocally) difficult part, and was, of course, going to " assist" at that of Miss Rees. Opera House. — Boccaccio, Boccaccio ! " Buffone io facio I " "Vedrai. carino," " (Jom e bello !" Mr. Punch apologises to the Ghost of Petrarch for misplacing the final accent : but " nice customs curtsey to great kings," and, like King Hal., Mr. P.'s flights of imaginative Poesy, "cannot be confined within the weak list of a country's fashion." Toby translates thus Boccaccio, Boccaccio ! I laugh till eyes run ! So come along, darling, And see all the fun 1 All the darlings do go, and all the darlings are delighted. So is Mr. Punch. Theatre Royal. — The Romany Rye, the Romany Rye ! Who is it says, it's all my eye I J ust pay your five shillings and go and try, Then tell Mr. Punch how you like it. But you'd better make haste. Last nights are announced 1 On Monday, an elegant little ballad concert took place at the Masonic Hall, in aid of the St. Francis' Choir ; and on Tuesday a sacred concert was advertised for St. Stephens', Phillip-street, when a whole galaxy of great and small composers were to be excerpted. But Mr, Punch has not seen the programme. The publie are requested to make a note of Mr. P.'s " benefit" days. Mr. J. A. Delaney, one of Australia's greatest musicians, is now in Sydney ; he is to join the Turner Opera Company, as conductor, next week. 