AN INFAMOUS PROJECT. The following is extracted from a mass of similar infamous correspondence appearing in tlio Irish World, whioh boars the date of JTobiuary 17. It is Bent by Mr, P, W. Crowe, from Peoria, Illinois, and thus advises Irish men in this country:-" As I said before, wo Will havo to flght. Now, any honest, intelli gent man knows that Ireland has no ohanco of sucoeBB in a fight with England alter the manner of what is oalled honourable warfare -not a ghost oi a ohanoo, What, then, are wo to do? I say wo must fight-fight as bust ,\yeoanf England WPn't allow us.tp arm;our selves and learn'the use of arms, and expe rience has taught us that wo oannot arm in sooret, Wo cannot fight the Urltish Empire after tho manner of ' honourable warfare' with old and rusty muBkets, pikes, soythes, etc, No, th080 weapons would he usoless against: brocch- loading cannon and rifles, Wo cannot afford anoihor '08, or '48, or '67. But against all those odds, and in faoo of all those difficulties, I stay wo must fight, And this noxt fight with England, for the froedora of Ireland, must, unlike all our former com bats, be. fought in Euglnnd, But, notwith standing reports to tho contrary, I am not a champion of dynamite explosions, In London or olsowhore In England, as a mode of war fare, for tho roason that there Is, to use an old pbraso,"' moro fuss than feathers' in this dynamite buslnosa, J am opposed to daa< troyiog human life-oven English human 11fo--whero it is not an notuul noooasity. The occupation of Ireland by English foroos is a matter of pounds, shillings, and penoo, England makes money by her occupation and government of Ireland, I hold that as soon as it becomes unprofitable for lior to oooupy ,^nd govern Iielaod, England wlllooaso to do so, Her Bupri'innoy in Ireland is worth to England £00,000,Quo a year. If Ireland or Irishmen dostroy £60,000,000 of English property in England every year, it won't take very long to oonvinco Englishmen that thoy wore losing moro than they wero making by holding on to Ireland; and, as a matter of coutse, they will only bo too auxlous to get rid'of a bad bargain. Now, this train of reasoning brings mo baok to my assortlon that'we must fight, We must make war not war on Englishmen or Englishwomen, but war on English capital, war ou English palaces, on English warehouses, manufactur ing establishments, oh English shipping, on hor dockyards and ports, Now, tho easiest way; to dpi anything is tho best way. Mrs, O'Loavy'H cow did moro damage by kicking ovor a coal-oil lamp in a stable in Ohiongo than did the Gorman army, with all Its artil lery, to Paris In four months or more, while they laid siego to it. Thoroforo I hold that oool-oil; judiciously applied, is a million times moro dostrnotivo of property than tho ' villanous saltpetre.' Now, for tuis mode of warfare wo ought to havo 500 sober, brave mon j and wo ought to havo 50,000 dols. for their support and maintenance for one year in tho Hold-300 of those mon to oooupy London, fifty for Manchester, fifty for Liver pool, fifty for Bristol, and fifty for Glasgow, Each of these soldiers on entering tho re spective battle grounds to sooure a room, a furnished ono, To that room ho ought to convey-a five-gallon oau of coal-oil in his trunk, and a box of matohes, Ou a stormy night, on signal from the officer eommandiug, 800 fires should blaze out in different parts of London, and, fanned by an equinoctial storm','thoy would mako a blaze that would be tho wonder of tho world. Moscow and Chicago would not bo a patch to it in grandeur'ami magniflconoo, In its light wo should read tho ouarter of onr independonoo as a nation, 'Now, as it is not diffloult to got tho 500 mon, but as it is very diffloult to got tho 600,000 dols. for this expedition, I am in favour of skirmishing. All great battleB are prooeded by BkirmiBhiug, And as those roguish trustoos, Doyoy and Broslin, have got rid of tho original Skirmishing Fund, and have spent a greater part of it on news papers, fast living, and fast women, there is no use orying over spilt milk. If you, Mr. Ford, will mako a oall again for a now skir mishing fund to be expended as it is taken in, I have not the least doubt at all about yo\\\ receiving enough money in the next few months to forward, equip, and keep in the field for one year fifty skirmishers, Will you do it ?" Mr, J, E, Iledmond addressed a large meet, ing at Tingbft.New South Wales, last Friday night, and was well received. After he had explained the objuot of his mission, a sub* soription list was opened, and over £60 was collet)tod. He is announoud to leoturo at Nowmatlo, in ttio sohoolroom of Bt. Mary's Oatholio Ohurob, on Saturday, May 6th. It is said the loss to English hop-plantera this year, owing to the apple- bllght, is oatl mated at £1,750,000, ana the lose sustained by the laborers who are usually employed at the hop season will amount to no loss than £200,000, Oroaodile farms In India are suggested by some Caloutta journals, in view of the I3nro« {ean demand for tbo slnnB for various ugea, t is proposed that renular breeding establish* ments should be established in those localities most frequented by "muggers," sons to develope a fresh branqh of industry, 