THE CZAR'S CORONATION, Mbecow, where the coronation of Emperor Alex ander III. will take place at the end of May, has been 00 often described by different tourists that those who read books of travel must be already familiar with the general appearance and with the famous curiosities of the town. Moscow, with its old Kremlin, the large citadel of the city, can be regarded as the Mecca of Russia. The Czars of the last few centuries (wrote our own correspondent) have preferred to choose St. Petersburg as a residence, but they hare, nevertheless, always been obliged to go to Holy Moscow, in order to be anointed and crowned there, and to renew their vows of fidelity to the Almighty. Moscow is the pride of every Russian, and there exists an old saying, ' Go to Bee Moscow, then you 6ee Russia,' for whoever has seen this large and interesting city has at the same time had full opportunity to get acquainted with Russian gaieties and sufferings, the pompous Russian institutions and faults, Russia's splendour and her wretchedness. Behind the splendid scenery which Moscow offers on the outside a good deal of darkness is concealed, and whoever has admired the magnificent exterior of the large buildings of the Kremlin, as they are to be seen in the picture which we offer to our readers, may renounce to look behind the scenes, for he would certainly be very much disappointed in many respects. Two centuries have passed since Peter the Great was induced, by the repeated rebellions of the Strelizer, to leave the Kremlin and to build his new ' Palmyra' on the damp islands of the Neva ; and since that time the old citadel was only visited by the different Czars once or twice every year, in order to go there through the many tiring ceremonies before the famous ' ivons,' to which every Russian sovereign is bound. The old Imperial residence, which alone was saved from the great fire when Napoleon I. had entered the Russian capital, is still surrounded with a good deal of splendour ; but, on the whole, the signs of destruction are visible everywhere. Alexander III., who, after the murder of his father, had con ceived the plan of taking a constant residence at Moscow, was obliged to renounce this intention, as it would have been impossible to restore the old buildings of the Kremlin so that the Russian court could make its permanent residence there. Even for the coronation festivities, it was necessary to make great alterations and preparation in the different palaces of the citadel, and several thousands of work men have during the whole of last year been occupied in outfitting and restoring the state rooms and large halls, which are to be used for the great ceremonies of the coronation. The Kremlin is situated on the highest point of Moscow, and forms, with the many palaces, cathedrals, chapels, and monasteries, almost a city for itself, which is surrounded by a big square wall furnished with many towers and turrets in Chinese style, and behind which a chaos of coloured and glittering dome-roofs and belfries arc to be seen. The north and south front are the longest, and mea sure almost 800 yards ; while the eastern and western fronts are only half as long. From three sides nothing is to be seen than the wail, but from the south front the most splendid and most charming view is offered to our eyes. From that point ?we perceive the little river of the Morkwa, with its scenery full of life, and we gain then a full picture of the many hundreds of the magnificent buildings which compose the Kremlin. Our eyes are almost blinded by the glittering of the various colours in which the roofs of the catliedrals, as well as the many dome-roofs, are painted, and we are scarcely able to distinguish to which building the. different roofs belong. Just at the extreme end of the western wing, near the Morkwa Bridge, the new palace with its large dome roof is situated, while on the eastern wing of the citadel 11 domes of different sizes and different colours form a large pyramid, which is erected on a large under building, sur rounded by an open gallery resting on pillars. This pyramid of bright melon- shaped domes, which is called the cathedral of Warrili Blashenic, is still sur passed by the great Iwan, one of the highest towers of the world, which'forms the centre of the Kremlin, and which is surrounded by a couple of turrets, which, in comparison to the Great Iwan, look small like toothpicks. Behind these turrets, which belong to the chapel of the new palace, the imposing dome of the Upenski labors Cathedral, in which the coronation takes place, is to be seen ; and to the right and left of this big dome a great number of other towers and domes ap pear, which belong to the Archangelski Sabors, the Blagowetchski Sabors, and the many monasteries which are built near the different cathedrals. The southern front, with the large crystal palace on the borders' of the Morkwa, the new palace, and the beautiful gardens, offer a very imposing aspect, which makes the spectator believe that a story from the ' Thousandand onc-Nights' has been realised here by the power of a great conjuror. All other fronts, however, are very dull, and show nothing but the walls and the woods before it. The old palace, where formerly all the Russian Czars, up to the time ol Peter the Great, have resided, is not to be seen from the outside, for the palace^is so plain and low that scarcely anybody ?wculd notice it. It is, nevertheless, one of the most interesting buildings of the whole Kremlin, for it is connected with the must bloody tragedies of the Russian history. The soil where this palace stands is, so to say, almost saturated with blood, for it is there that Iwan the Terrible ordered executions by thousands to be made ; there it was where Peter the Great, supported by the most noble Bayards, had the revolutionary Strelizer beheaded, and where at sercrul other periods men were slaughtered away in masses. We enter now the Kremlin itself, by the ' Sparkos Warota' or Saviour's Gate, and we are advised to take off our hats, for there is near before us to be seen a portrait of our Saviour, which is said to have defied all the efforts of the French soldiers to take possession of it. People, of whatever rank, passing through this holy gate have to perform their orisons before the celebrated ' ivon,' which of course is reputed to have miraculous power. Many silver lamps are burning be , fore it day and night which, however, do not give light enough to let us recognise the picture itself. After having passed the gate we have to walk through a dirty small street, where we see the buildings of the . arsenal, the head-quarters of the commander- in- chief, and a plain church belonging to a monastery where many holy relics are shown to the believer. We have not time enough to visit all the different chapels, churches, and cathedrals, and therefore take our way only to the Cathedral of Assumption, where the coro nation is to lje celebrated. Oh the way to it we perceive on both sides of the road large pyramids of rounds of different sizes, while the guns are kept in the different arsenals or are standing on the walls always ready for use. The cathedral, which of fers a veryimposing aspect, when we see it from the place before it, is, however, very small in the inside, so that only 4 very select number of guests can be pre sent at the ceremony of coronation. There are many riches destined for the burial or famous patriarchs, and thu6 the contrasts of life meet in that holy place. Many noteworthy relics are shown to us, among which are moBt remarkable the portraits of 'Our Lady,' painted by St. Luke, and ' Our Lord's vesture without seam.'' The portrait is very well painted, and shows that St. Luke was a fine artist. Regarding 11 Our Lord's vesture without seam,' it must be re membered that at Treves, in Germany, U preserved a duplicate of this picture, which is publicly exhibited every five and twenty years. The cathedral of As sumption is very famous among the Russians for their relics, and every Russian Emperor has to perform a pilgrimage to them as soon as he has ascended the Imperial throne. In this cathedral the Emperor and the Empress will be crowned by the Archbishops of Moscow and St. Petersburg, in the pre sence of the representatives of all European courts and all classes of the Russian people. The thrones used for the ceremony will be those of John III and Marshal Teodoro witch, which have served at all coronations Bince that of Peter the Great, and there his Majesty will wave thrice the Holy Banner of Russia, the spearhead of which is said to be made from a piece of the identical cross of Christ. There the Emperor will be girded with the sword of John III., and will set the massive crown upon his brow, and there he will be anointed by the Archbishop of Moscow with the holy oil, in which a fragment of the ' Crown of Thorns' has been immersed, and after that the ' Lord's anointed,' with the. Empress, will go with, all Imperial insignia upon' them to the Cathedral of St. Michel and the Annunciation, and to all other churches and chapels in the Kremlin, in order to pay their devotion to the different ivons, and to distribute alms to the many holy orders. Of these cathedrals, that of 'Archangelski Sabors' deserves particular interest, for there the Russian Czars of the earliest times have been buried, and after a life of struggle and cruelty are lying now in peace side by side with their former adversaries. The Imperial couple will have to make only a short way in order to visit this spot of the dead, which will re mind them that all earthly Majesty will perish in time and return to dust. The cathedral of the Holy Nivlas offers a brighter aspect, for it is adorned by many splendid shrines and ivons, but the Great Iwan excites still more interest. We have to ascend several narrow and steep staircases in order to reach the balcony, where we have the grandest panorama of the town. We see the large city with the 350 . churches, 1000 belfries, and 3000 domeroofs glittering in the rays of a bright .spring sun. From that place we also see the roads to Smolensk and Wishni-Nowgorowd, the Sparrow Hills covered with villas, where the rich classes of Moscow take their summer residences, the Imperial Castle, Kolomanskoi-Selo, where Peter the Great was born, and the Imperial Palace, Petrowski, where he was educated, and where Napoleon I. took his refuge after the whole city of Moscow was burned down. Large gardens and parks, amongst which the Eremitage is especially to be mentioned, render the panorama very picturesque, and the eye does not get tired to look on this world of beauty. But we have to leave the Great I wan, of which legions of crows have taken possession; but, in descending, we pay a short visit to the famous largo bell, which is said to weigh 1600 lOOcwts., and which is only once the year rung, in the Holy Easter night, when it has to accompany the ringing of the 32 other bells of the Great Iwan. We have not time enough to visit the Cathedral of Annunciation, when the floor is inlaid with the most precious stones, and the many other churches with their celebrated relics ; but we must go and see the new palace where the Imperial family and the Royal guests will be lodged, and where the many festivities . will be celebrated in the most sumptuous manner. The palace, as it is to be recognised from our picture, is built quite near the wall, at such a level that it overlooks the whole scenery. The fagade is very plain, and the whele building looks like a summer residence ; but the inside of the palace is very com fortable, and the many staterooms and large halls are fitted in the most luxurious but not alwavs in a very, artistical manner. From the richly decorated vesti bule a broad and magnificent staircase leads to the first floor. In the western wing the Coronation Hall and the rooms of the Emperor and the Empress are situated, while the other staterooms are in the eastern wing of the palace. A charming view is offered from every window over the Alexandra park and the town as well as over the many interesting buildings of the Kremlin ; and it is well worth while to ascend the balcony which runs round the whole palace, and to . enjoy again the beautiful panorama of the old capital. To this modern building the old Palace forms a great contrast in every respect. The fagade is still more plain,' but the building covers, with its many wings, courtyards, and small streets, a whole quarter of the Kremlin. Not much was done to save the Palace from complete ruin, and many parts of the building, where Formerly the Czars held their Courts -with Oriental splendour, where. the most charming favour ites and serfs had to amuse the despotic sovereign re turning home from war expeditions, are now com pletely rotting and mouldering away, and only a small part of the old Palace, which is used sometimes as lodgings for the Imperial family, shows still the ex travagant luxury of former periods. There we find the walls covered with silk and velvet, the ceilings glittering with massive silver and gold, the floor inlaid with precious stones. There we see the large banquet hall in all its pomp and splendour, where the Czars at their coronations held bacchanals with their sup porters and vassal s, while before the windows of the hall all those were executed who were suspected of felony by the despots. Six centuries of Russian history pass through our memory in looking at these rooms, and remind us that the Russian Emperors, as well as men, have, during that time, learnt nothing, forgot nothing ! We leave the historical places now in order to return to the town itself ; but before we pass the Gate of the Resurrection, where a very famous icon, the ' Mother of God,' from Mount Athos, stands in a little shrine, which once was handed over to Czar Alexis ' Michaelowitch from Tomaro, Queen of the Prussians, we meet with a large and stately proces sion, headed by numerous priests in their richly embroidered vestmenfj. Palm buuday, one of the greatest festivities of the orthodox Church, is to be celebrated. An immense crowd, composed of the most various elements, has assembled in and around the cathedral. We see there, as it is shown in our second picture, the bearded 'mughic' in his sheep - fckin, the big well-to-do merchant, poor old wretched women, young well-looking girls, children and infants, with their mothers and nurses, all waiting for the glerious moment when the procession will leave the cathedral, in order to receive the benedic tion of the Archbishop, who appears on horseback, surrounded bj- hundreds of priests, monks, and other members of holy contrregations. As soon as the pro- i cession approaches the people kneel down, and every body makes and repeats the sign of the cross, which act 'of devotion even the most sceptical Russian will always perform, for the Russians in general, and the inhabitants of Moscow in particular, are very religious people. The wholejpublic life is'controlled in Russia by the Church, and it is, therefore, perfectly natural that even all public festivities in Russia show a certain clerical character. The orthodox Church likes to have her childien in leading strings, from their cradle to their grave, and scarcely any public or private matter can be settled without the assistance of priests. Many old customs have been preserved among the people which still remind of the heathenish times, but which have been adopted by the Church, and been changed into holy festivities. The Russians like to be gay like children, and are grateful that the Church allows them at different periods to enjoy the gaieties of the world, even under the superintendence of the priests. The setting in of the spring is a very important period for Russia, which, after suffering from a long hard winter, celebrates the resurrection of nature by various great festivities. The Thursday before Whitsuntide is one of their special holidays. ' The inhabitants of the town leave on this day the narrow houses and streets in order to celebrate outside in the large parks and woods the semi-festivity. The upper classes drive out in carriages into the park, officers and gentlemen show themselves on horseback, and a lively promenade is going on for many hours ; while the poorer classes enjoy themselves by arranging picnic parties on the ground, by sitting down near the samovars, in which tea is prepared in large quantities, and by eating and drinking all kinds of specialities which Russian kitchen and cellar offer. A guitar-player is near at hand : the well-known tune induces a pair of dancers to perform the national dance, a kind of mazurk. Soon a group of spectators has surrounded the couple, who are applauded by the crowd, and become more and more enthusiastic The more the evening ap proaches, the more livelv becomes the scenery, till dark begins to set in and cover with its shadows the field where the poor people have for some hoars for gotten in their enjoyment the cares and anxieties of everyday life. The following account of the coronation was telegraphed (0 San Francisco papers : — Moscow, May 27. — At 7 this morning the inauguration of ihe magnificent ceremonies attendant upon the corona tion of the Emperor and Empress of all the Russias was announced by the ringing of hundreds of bells and by the thunder of artillery. Even at that early hour the streets were thronged with people, visitors from abroad, and from other parts of the empire crowding the residents and all striving to find eligible places from which to view the procession and such parts of the ceremony as the particularly favoured might be able to witness. During the entire night there was unusual activity on the streets, for not only were people there whose anxiety concerning tne coronation kept them awake, but strong guards of soldiers patrolled all parts of the city, giving the streets a very martial appearance. Great bodies of soldiers shortly before 6 were stationed along the route of the procession, some four miles in length, and occupied the streets on either side, keeping the people on the walks. All unreserved spaces on the streets were speedily filled by the eager sightseers, while the windows, doorways, and house tops were let out at fabulous prices to visitors. Those dignitaries of the rsalm who were to take part in the actual ceremony assembled according to the prearranged pro grairinieat the Cathedral of the Holy Assumption within tho walls of the Kremlin. These functionaries entered the magnificent building at just 7.30 a.m., and about 8 there followed in order tbe princes of foreign government/?, tho nobility of Russia and other states of Europe and the special and regular ambassadors of foreign countries residing in Russia. The utmost care was exercised to prevent the admission of any unauthorited or improper persons, each individual as he ap peared at the entrance being made to exhibit a carefully prepared ticket, which was subjected to the closest scrutiny. 1 bis form was observed, too, at the wall of the Kremlin and the doors of the cathedral. At the request of General Von Schweinite, Ambassador from Germany, the 80 mem bers comprising the diplomatic corps assembled at his mansion, and were conveyed thence to tho Kremlin in superbly equipped coaches richly gilded ae to their, harness and coats of arms. The remainder of the diplomatic body, consisting of the attaches of the various legation?, were assigned positions in the tribune, just out-, side the cathedral proper, but inside the inclosuro of the Kremlin. When the white walls of that wondrous place inclosed all of the crowd that could be admitted, the choir, of boys chanted the Te Deum, and amid profound silence., outside the church as well as in it, the clergy, accompanied by acolytes bearing tbe cross and ewer of .holy water, pro- ' ceeded to receive the Czaroviteb. This scion of royalty, who was in the midst of a brilliant cortege, took his place at the right hand of the throne. 'When the Imperial procession started it was made known (0 thoEe inside the cathedral by the renewed ringlng.of belle, by sonorous music from scores of bands and by the shouts of those outside. As the rojral pair appeared at the doors of the palace the immense multitude immediately un covered their heads and burst into loud acclamations ; even women were there, and the enthusiasm was spontaneous and hearty. At the head of the royal procession, which now entered the Kremlin, was the master of ceremonies, flanked by heralds richly clad and mounted upon pure white horses. It was of immense length and comprised deputies from the Asiatic States of the empire, students of tho university, the clergy, and Judges, the nobility and prefects 'from every section of the empire. When its front ranks reached the door of tbe palace it was met by the Emperor, wearing the white uniform of a colonel of the Imperial Guard, and the Empress, dressed in the Russian national costume of black velvet, richly em broidered with diamonds and girdled with a magnificent belt of precious stones. The Empress leaned on the arm of her royal consort. The pair placed themselves beneath a canopy, richly wrought in silk and gold, and borne by 32 gtneralsof high military rank. They then took theirplacenear . Ihe head of the procession, being directly -after the regalia. At this moment the entire body of clergy emerged from the cathedral in ordtr to meet the regalia, which they publicly sprinkled with holy water and' perfumed with incense. Upon entering * the. portals of the cathedral, the Emperor and Empress were received by the metropolitan of Moscow, the metropolitans of Nov gorod and Kieff, who presented to them the cross to be kieted, and sprinkled them with holy water, iirst the Em peror and then the Empress. Before the sacred images, which flanked the doors of the cathedral, they knelt and bowed their heads, after which they were conducted to the ancient thrones of ivory and silver. Alexander occupied the historical throne of the Czar Vladimir Mouoiua gere, while the Empress was seated in an arm chair, gilded and encrusted with jewels. The thrones were placed on a dais erected between the two middle columns of the cathedral, and over the dais was a canopy of scarlet velvet, suspended from the arched roof, embroidered with gold and lined with silver brocade, which was worked with the arms of Russia and all her dependencies in tbe most ingenious manner. In front of the thrones were two tables covered with gold cloth, upon which were placed the crowns, orb, and sceptre. None but foreign princes were accommodated with seats. The Russian princes and dignitaries 6tood during the entire ceremony. According to the custom of the Greek Church, the dignitaries of the realm , who earned the standard and seals of ihe empire, took their stand upon the steps cf the dai3. After their Majesties had been seated, the Metropolitan of In ovgorod asked the Emperor in a loud and distinct tone of voice,— ' Are you a true believer r' The Emperor, falling on his kneee, read in reply and in a clear voice the Lord's prayer and the Apostles* Creed of the Greek Church. The metro politan responding, said : ' May the Grace of the Holy Ghost remain with thee,' and descended from the dais. ' 1 he following customary summons was then three times repeated by the bishop : ♦' If there be anv of you here present, knowing any impediment for which Alexander eoa of Alexander should sot be crowned, by the grace of God, Emperor and 'Autocrat of all the JRussias, of Moscow, of Kieff, of Taldimir, of Novgorod ; Czar of Kazan, of Astrakhan, of Poland, of Siberia, of Kherson Tawride, of Grousi ; Gosoudar of Pskov ; Grand Duke of Smolensk, of Lithuania, of Volhvnia, of Podolia and of Finland ; Prince of Esth'onia, of Livonia, of Courland; of Semigalia, of tho Samoiedea, of Bitloatok, of Corelia, of Foer, or lngor, of Perm, of Viaika, of Bulgaria, and of other countries ; Master and Grand Duke of the Lower Countries in Novgo rod, of Tchernrgoff, of Riaean, of Polotsk, of Rostoff, of Jaro&taff;, of Bieloserek, or Oudork, of Oldor.sk, of Kindiuk, of Mtakheti, and ot all the countries of the North ; Haetar Absolute of Irerek, of Kastolnisk. of Kalardinsfc, and of the territory of Armenia ; Sovereign of Mountain Pnncea of Tcherkask: Master of Turkestan; Heir Presumptive of Norway, and Duke of Schleswig-Holstein.of Stormama, of Dithmarre, and of Oldenburg, let him come forward no«r , in the name of the Holy Trinity, and show what the im pediment is, or let him remain dumb forever.' After reading selections from the Gospel, the Metropoli tans of Novgorod and Kieff again ascanded tbe dais and invested the Emperor with the imperial mantle of ermine, tbe Metropolitan of Moscow saying at the same time, 41 Cover and piotect thy people as this robe protects and covers thee.' The Emperor responded, ' I will, I will, I will, God helping.' The Metropolitan of Novgorod, cross ing bis hands on the head of tho Emperor, then invoked the benediction of Almighty God upon him and hie reign, and delivered to Alexander HE. the crown of Bossia, which he placed on bis own head, and assuming the sceptre and orb he took hia seat upon the throne. He then returned tbe insignia of his title to the dignitaries appointed to receive them, and called the Empress, who knelt before him. Be touched her head lightly with his crown and then formally crowned her with her own crown. The ex pression and attitude of the Empress as she knelt was one of sympathy with her royal husband, and touched deeply the audience. The Czar preserved throughout a grave aud decorous dignity and nobleness of demeanour, which also provoked the admiration of all. After the Empress had been duly invested with the Imperial mantle, and their Majesties were both seated on their thrones, the archdeacon intoned the Imperial titles and sang, ' Dornine Salvum fao Imperatorem,' which was taken up and thrice repeated by tbe choir. Directly this part of the ceremony was finished the bells in all the churches of Moscow rang out in chorus, a salute of 101 guns was fired, and inside the cathedral the members of the Imperial family tendered their congratula tions to their Majesties. The Emperor then knelt and recited a prayer, at the end of which the clergy and all knelt before the Emperor. The Bishop of Moscow said aloud, in behalf of the nation, a fervent prayer for tha happiness of their Majesties. Shouts of ' Long live the Emperor' then rent the cathedral, and were taken up by the thousands outeide and carried from mouth to mouth until that part of the multitude which was unable to get inside even the ample acreage of the Kremlin caught the sound, which waved in a huge volume of human gratulation to the remotest parts of the city, when it was speedily made known to all the world that another Czar of the Russiaa had been crowned. The cathedral choir then sang a Te Deum, after whtou the Emperor ungirted his sword, and, accompanied by the Empress and numerous dignitaries, proceeded to the gate of the sanctuary. There the Metropolitan ot Novgorod anointed the Emperor's forehead, eyelids, nostrils and lips, ears and breast, and hands, at the same time exclaiming : 'Behold the peal of the Holy Ghost. May it keep thee ever holy.' The Empress was anointed only on her fore head. Both partook of tho sacrament, and then left the cathedral, wearing their crowns and /mantles, the Emperor also bearing the sceptre and orb. ' After graying in the cathedral of Michael the Archangel, their Majesties returned to the palace, escorted by the procession, which presented even a more splendid sight than that which escorted them, to the cathedral, being now augmented by the gorgeous state carriages of the Imperial family. Banners waved from all points ia tho Kremlin, and the whole route of tho pro cession fairly glowed with bi ight draperies and hangings. The Emperor re-entered the palace by the celebrated red staircase, from whence the la va were anciently promulgated. There he turned and saluted the people, who immediately uncovered their heads, cheering1 enthusiastically and bless ing the Czar. The Imperial banquet began at 3.30 p.m., in the hall called Granovittaia Palata. This hall was especially restored for the occasion, and was splendidly decorated with cloth of gold. The Emperor and Empress, wearing their crowns, sat at separate tables on thrones of unequal height. Their Majesties were served by distinguished nobles, acting as cup-bearers, carvers, &c.; The first toast was 'His Majesty the Emperor,' which was followed by s salute of 61 guns. Next was ' Her Majesty the Empress,' followed by 51 guns ', the third was ' The Imperial Household,' followed by 31 guns, and the fourth was 'The clergy and all faithful subjects,' followed by 21 guns. The foreign princes and diplomats present stood during the first course, and after wards, in accordance with ancient custom, withdrew to a separate repast. The weather was fine throughout the day and everything passed off successfully. Silver tokens in memory of the day were distributed in 20 Moscow churches to-night. The Czar's manifesto was issued this evening, and is a document of considerable length. Crowds besieged the printing office to obtain copies, the perusal of which caused great rejoicing. Tbe Czar has addressed the following rescript to De Giera, Minister of Foreign Affairs : u The great power and glory acquired by RuBsia, thanks to divins Providence, the extent of the empire and her numerous population, leave no room for any idea of farther conquests. My solicitude is exclusively devoted to the peaceable development of the country and its prosperity, to the preservation of the friendly relation with foreign powers on the basis of existing treaties, and tho maintenance of the dignity of the empire. Having found in you a constant, zealous, and useful collaborator for the promotion of these views in the direction of our interna tional relations, I confer upon you my Order of St. Alexander lSlewski in diamonds, as a testimony of my gratitude.' The manifesto announces a continuance of the present, state of affairs in Russia, the conditional pardon of Polos, and the remission of penalties for non-political offences. Before their Majesties left the palace the route to the cathedral was sprinkled with holy water. A heavy rain, fell before their Majesties started, but just as they took their places under the canopy the sun shone. brilliantly. In the cathedral it was noticed that when the Czar knelt alone to otter the prayer of intercession his eyes filled with tears and he sobbed audibly. As he read in making the profession of faith the Czar's voice was grandly resonant. The Metropolitan of Novogorod almoRt broke down in delivering his allocution. Mounted Cossacks patrolled every street, and the troops lining the route of procession remained bareheaded the whole morning. Persons unable to obtain admission to tho Kremlin remained outBide on their knees close to the walls during the best part of the day, praying for the Czar. A correspondent, who witnessed the greatest pageants during the last 35 years, Bays the spectacle culminating in the advent of their Majesties, crowned and robed, was the most imposing and splendid he ever beheld. The cost of the coronation is estimated at £2,000,000, which will be covered by an issue of Treasury bills. Only 13 newspaper correspondents were allowed inside the cathedral during the ceremony — six Russian, seven foreign, the latter including one English and one American corre spondent. An academy professor and 12 artists have been appointed to make a complete album of the events of the coronation. The Kremlin square was so densely packed it would have been impossible for any miscreant to have ex tricated his anus should he have intended to use them against the Czar. Ihe Times correspondent, the only English newspaper represented in the cathedral, says the ceremony was ' so grand and imposing that my pen can give only a dim and imperfect impression of the event.' The illumination to night is magnificent, and the city looks one mass of varie gated firee. St. Petersburg, May 27. —The coronation of tho Czar was celebrated by special services in all the churches to-day and by a parade of troops. The city was brilliantly illuminated to-night, and the streets were thronged with people. Per fect order prevails. Berlin, May 27- — The Russian standard was hoisted on the Embassy to-day, a solemn Te Deum was performed in the Embassy church, at which all the Prussian generals and officials were present. The Emperor, who was slightly indisposed, and the Crown Prince were represented by their personal adjutant-general. 