The Robber's Daughter. Croatia is a province on the military frontier of Austria, watered by the wild rivers, and intersected by the Julian Alps. On its southwestern side sparkles the blue Adriatic. It is a land of vast forests, lonely hills and rocky glens. In the Iast century, the Croats were a race of outlaws. They plundered hamlets and murdered travellers. They were governed by chiefs called Harum-Bashaws, and by some of the strictest laws that ever controlled men. They laid all landholders under regular contribution, and traversed the country at their pleasure with fire and sword. Now and then the exasperated Austrian Government pursued and attacked them, but never with satisfactory results. The Sclavonian robber was at home in his thick forests, and woe to the regular troops that followed him thither. For years this state of thing had continued —Croatia was the terror and shame of the whole empire—until at the court of Vienna that splendid, dashing free-lance, that wonderful fire-eater, Francis Baron Trenck, then but twenty-five years old, and already a colonel in the army of Maria Theresa, offered to exterminate Croatia, and bring them under proper subjection. He possessed the rich manors of Prestowacz, Pleternitz and Pakratz, in Sclavonia, and was lord of a hundred and thirty villages ; consequently, he understood the character of the men with whom he had to deal. With a detachment of his own vassals, and a regiment of regulars furnished by the Empress, Trenck fell upon the outlaws in their favorite fastnesses, hunted them down like wild beasts, smote chief and follower hip and thigh, and spread terror and dismay among the hitherto fearless Croats. It was a spring night in the Sclavonian forests; and among the passes of the Julian Alps. Not a breath was out in the wild paths and glens ; the trees, just bursting into leaf, stood up, straight and tall, in a flood of moonlight. Now and then a red fox or a lean gray wolf crept lightly among the rough boles, and vanished in some thicket. The River Kulpa, spanned by a wooden bridge, rippled under the full moon. Along its bank a tall man, wrapped in a military cloak, was moving, evidently on patrol. Dangerous as were the time and place, he walked with a free, springing step, utterly without fear. In person he was more than six feet high, and molded like some Greek god. His blonde face was marvelously handsome. He wore his fair hair powdered, and tied in a queue under his cocked, gold- laced hat. Suddenly a movement, a rustle, on the opposite bank of the stream reached his alert ears. "Hold !" thundered a voice. At the same moment a score of dark figures leaped up from ambush there ; the moonlight shone on as many leveled gun- barrels. One man stepped out from the others, and advanced to the river's brink. The silver buttons and ornaments upon his dress pro- claimed him a Harum-Bashaw. "Trenck !" he called. "Here am I !" answered the man in the military cloak. "Stand ! I have a word to say to you," cried the Croat. "Say on !" answered Trenck. The outlaw drew his sword. "I am Goffau, the robber chief. You persecute us like a devil ; you are our scourge and terror ; you have sworn to conquer or to sweep us off the earth. Yesterday you killed my old father ; the day before my brother was hanged like a dog to a tree of this forest. You have left not one of my kin to me save a daughter. Well, come hither over the bridge ; you are alone ; we are robbers, but we have honor. I wll send away my men. Come with your sabre, and let us fight it out between ourselves !" Trenck threw off his long cloak, showing beneath it the gold-embroidered uniform of an Austrian colonel. "Agreed ! You are a brave fellow," he said, calmly, and stepped at once upon the bridge. Goffau turned and waved his haud to his men, and, like the clan of Roderick Dhu, they immediately vanished. "I regret to leave your daughter father- less," said Trenck, "especially as I have already deprived her of her other relatives. But pray remember this encounter is of your seeking, not mine." They lunged furiously at each other. One word escaped the lips of the robber- chief—a woman's name, and he fell to the bridge with Trenck's sword in his heart. The Austrian colonel drew out his weapon, and retreated to his own side of the river, expecting Goffau's band to follow, like a pack of wolves ; but no ! either they had retired too far to watch the contest, or they were willing to pronounce it a fair fight. At any rate, Trenck snatched up his cloak and gained his own camp, a half-a-mile away in perfect safety. The next day the baron went abroad once more in the forest with a detachment of picked men to search for outlaws. By some accident he became separated from his soldiers, and in trying to find them stumbled upon a lonely hut, high up in a wild glen. The wooden shutters were closed, but the sound of music—a wailing chant, and the twang of rude instruments proceeded from it. Trenck was hungry and thirsty, and with his insensibility to danger, he advanced straight to the rude door of this owl's nest, and rapped loudly with the hilt of his sword. No one answered. He lifted the latch, entered without ceremony, and found himself in a low, dark room, wherein a dozen women were assembled. A wheel, a table and some rude benches occupied the centre of the place, and in one corner lay a strange object covered with a coarse white cloth. As the imposing figure of Trenck darkened the threshold, the women screamed and fled through a second door—all but one, who was crouching against the wall near the strange- covered thing, and who made no movement to follow the others. She was not more than fifteen—a child in years, but a woman in stature and beauty. Her short skirt and bodice were of fine, dark-blue cloth. A broad silver girdle clasped her lithe waist, strings of gold coin shone on her round arms and firm white throat. Her magnificent hair, black and lustrous as a crow's wing, was braided with orna- ments of the same metal. She was deadly pale, and there were traces of tears on her oval cheek. She uttered not a syllable, only lifted her long, dark Calmuck eyes and looked steadfastly at Trenck. The fierce young soldier was not a little embarrased by their faze. "Fair maiden," he said, as he flung a handful of florins on the table, "can you give me a draught of water and a piece of bread ? I have lost my way in this glen. Call back these screeching women ; I mean them no harm." She arose slowly from the floor and nodded toward a bench at the head of the rough table. Trenck seated himself without further words. His eyes followed the girl as she moved silently to an old Byzantyne cupboard in the wall, and took from it a loaf of black bread, the remnants of a haunch of venison, and a flagon of sour wine. These she placed on the board before her unbidden guest. Then she went to the covered shape in the corner, and with the mien of a tragedy qucou, snatched the white cloth from it and showed him the stark body of the robber- chief, Goffau. "Trenck !" she cried, "I know you !— what man or woman of Croatia does not ? My name is Gudule, and this man was my father. Look ! You killed him last night on the bridge across the Kulpa. There is meat —there is wine—eat, drink, be merry, but know this—" Her fine nostrils dilated, her black eyes flashed fire—"You will never leave this house alive." Trenck was disconcerted, but only for a moment. He had stumbled into a wasp's nest indeed. "Fair Gudule," he answered, cooly drawing himself up to the board, "that your father lies there is his own fault, not mine. It was a fair fight sought by himself. Nevertheless, I am sorry to have brought grief to one so beautiful. Such eyes as yours were not made for tears. Had I seen you yesterday, I would have spared the father for the daughter's sake. Then he proceeded to eat the black bread and the venison with as much unconcern as if he was inside his own tent. The girl Gudule did not answer, but she stepped to the door and opened it quickly. ln walked two powerful Croat chiefs, armed to the teeth. Trenck half-arose from his seat, but they waved him courteously back. "Baron, we have never injured you, nor the people of your estates," said one, "yet you pursue us without mercy and hang us to the trees of our forests. You shoot us every- where like dogs. Eat your fill. We might nail you to the wall ; but fear nothing, you are now partaking of our hospitality. When your hunger is satisfied, we will know whether you are as invincible as men believe. You see Goffau hero—as he is, so shall you be before this sun sets !" Trenck shrugged his grand shoulders whim- sically. "Friends, you show me great considera- tion," he replied. "Verily, it is better to die with a full stomach than an empty one. I will be at your service directly." The two Croats seated themselves opposite their entrapped foe. The girl Gudule vanished by the door through which the other women had retreated, throwing a vengeful, exultant look at Trenck as she went. The situation was a trying one, and scarcely conducive to appetite. Trenck's own men were probably miles away. Either of these Croats was his match in physical strength, and without doubt they had com- rades near at hand. He could not prolong the meal many minutes. What was to be done ? Under cover of the table, he placed his hand on his belt and detached a pair of loaded pistols, held them beneath the board while he cocked them, then leaped like lightening to his feet, presented one to each Croat, and fired both at the same instant. The first chief fell dead, the other sought to close with Trenck, but the baron, whose strength was prodigious (it is said that he could sever the head of an ox with one stroke of his sabre), hurled the outlaw over the table, upset its heavy length upon him, and, with a jeering cry of, "My friend I am sorry to leave you so hastily !" he fled through the door. Here two other Croats confronted him. Trenck drew his sword slashed left and right, saw one fall, and the other stagger back with a cut across the face. Muskets were fired at him from behind the wooden shutters of the hut. One ball passed through his coat, another cut away a lock of his blonde hair. The next moment Trenck was running like a fox down the wild glen. He reached the cover of the wood, and among its intricate paths straightway discovered his own men, anxiously searching for their missing leader. "I have found a hornet's nest among the rocks," cried Trenck. "Follow me ; we will go at once and burn the insects out !" But suddenly he paused. In the empty air before him he seemed to see a girl's face —a pair of great black eyes, wet with tears, yet flashing grandly, and the vision brought him to an abrupt halt. "Not to-day," he muttered, "I have done mischief enough already : and he sheathed his sword, and led his men quietly back to his own camp. A week later Trenck fought his last battle with the outlaws. Disheartened by the loss of their bravest chiefs, they retreated to a den among the mountains, and thrown up be- fore it a strong barricade of trees. Thither their tireless foe pursued them, and a hand- to-hand struggle ensued. Trenck stormed the barricade, with his regulars at his heels. The Croats fled before him, like dogs before a wolf. Suddenly, in the midst of the melee, the figure of a girl, in a dark-blue skirt and bodice, with gold coin braided in her black hair, appeared among the rocks over the heaps of the attacking party. In one band she clinched a long, sharp dagger. She leaned down to Trenck. "This for my father !" she hissed, and aimed a blow straight at his heart. He recoiled a step, and received the blade, up to the haft, in his left shoulder. With one hand he tore it from his quivering flesh, with the other seized and held fast his lovely enemy. "You are my prisoner," he said, softly ; "do not struggle—you cannot escape." Surrounded on all sides, overpowered, bleeding, beaten, the terrified Croats threw down their arms and surrendered. A few only succeedcdiu scrambling over the rocks and retreating to other fastnesses. When the victory was over, Trenck re- turned to his quarters by the river, and there found the girl Gudule sitting on the floor of his hut, her face buried upon her knees, her whole attitude expressive of utter despair. As her couquerer entered, she arose ; her face was like death. "I am ready," she said with cold scorn, "kill me as you killed my father !" He looked at her, but answered not a word. She stamped her small foot with impatience. "Why do you not strike ? I wounded you badly, but you have another arm—that is strong. Ah, if I could but have killed you ! but I could not—no one can. You are a devil, and invincible." Trenck's fair, fierce face softened. His voice grew gentle and sweet. "Kill you ? I may be a devil, as you say, but not for worlds would I harm a hair of your head. If my soldiers have slain your kindred, deprived you of your natural pro- tectors, from this hour you shall be my especial care. I will watch over you ; I will provide for you. As for the wound— that is forgiven. I adore courage, spirit. Be at ease. I am your friend, not your enemy. Trenck does not war with women." She clinched her hands. She looked like a beautiful tigress. "Monster !" I will take nothing from you—no, not even my life. You shall see how Goffau's daughter can hate." "Yes, I shall see," he answered, with a faint smile ; and he bowed deeply and re- tired from her presence. In a stupor of grief, Gudule sat upon the floor of the hut. Since her captor would not kill her, she meant to die by other means. Supper served in silver dishes—the best that the camp afforded—was brought to her there ; she would taste nothing. A captive Croat woman entered to attend her, and minister such consolation as one of her own sex and race could give ; but this wild creature of the mountains would not be comforted. For days she neither ate nor spoke. Even the presence of her conqueror failed to move her. She shuddered, indeed, at the sound of his step, at the tone of his voice ; but she kept her place on the ground, and answered not a word to the many which he wasted upon her. Strange to say, his patience never failed him ; he would use no force on his captive ; she was left entirely to her own will. But one day a strange sound penetrated the hut where the girl sat, perishing by self- imposed starvation. It was a wild Sclavonian song, mingled with the music of a violin, swept by a master hand. After a few moments she raised her head from her knees and listened. The glorious tenor voice ran through the hut like a silver bugle. She could not shut her cars. He sang air after air, learned in boyhood on his own Sclavonian estates. It was strange that a man like Trenck should take all this trouble to soothe and pacify an unhappy, obstinate girl. He had his reward, however ; for, after listening breathlessly for a while, Gudule, with a sharp cry, flung herself face down- ward on the ground, and for the first time burst into violent tears. That night Trenck made a feast in an ad- joining hut, and went in person to bring his captive into it. He had dressed himself with care ; his blonde hair was powdered, and he wore a superb uniform, with ruffles of the finest Alencon point, and a short white cloak, embroidered with gold. His wounded arm was held in a silken scarf. He knelt at Gudule's feet. "Will you not sup with me ?" he pleaded. "Will you starve sooner than touch food from the table of the hated Trenck ? If you could look into my heart, you would not treat me like this. Listen, Yesterday I found among my prisoners an old man named Diack—the servant of Goffau, your father." "And you hanged him to the nearest tree," she cried, with flashing eyes. "No ; I gave him a thousand florins, and sent him to spend the remainder of his days in peace on my own estate at Pakratz." She looked amazed ; he saw her clasp her hands involuntarily. "In reward of that deed, you will not taste a little food—will you not give over your resolution to kill yourself before my very eyes ? How pale, how thin you have grown ! Have mercy upon yourself and on me." She shuddered and dragged her face aside, but there was a look in it which told that her strong spirit was breaking up. "Come to my table," murmured Trenck— "come, Gudule. It is a friend, not a foe, who pleads with you." She began to tremble. He took her hand, She did not withdraw it. He led her to the adjoining hut. A board, shining with rich dishes and jewelled flagons, was set there for the Aus- trian colonel and his captive. Perfumed lamps swung from chains in the roof. Trenck seated the girl on his right hand, and placed before her a brimming goblet, and a silver plate of choice viands. She flashed him one wild, despairing glance. "You have conquered me," she said, bit- terly, and, to his delight, she drank the wine and ate the food—the first nourishment which had passed her lips since her cap- tivity. Presently Trenck fixed his handsome eyes upon her, and said : "To-morrow I start for Vienna. I shall take you with me." She did not move or speak. I wish to make all the reparation in my power for the harm I have done you. The Empress is my good friend. I will place you in her care. She will protect you—she will see that you are properly educated." She flung back her haughty young head, but remained silent. "Gudule," murmured Trenck, in a deep, tender tone, "the time will come when you will no longer hate me." "God knows," she answered, with pale lips. The next day Trenck went to Vienna, and took his captive with him. He carried her, as he had promised, straight to Maria Theresa. The Empress was charmed with Gudule's beauty and noble bearing. "Leave her to me," she said to Trenck. "You are too young to take charge of a girl of fifteen. While you serve me in the field, I will watch over your protegef." In an ante-room of the imperial palace, Trenck bade farewell to the robber's daughter. - The Empress had declared that she must be sent at once to an Ursurline Convent school ; and in the courtyard below a carriage waited to carry her hither. Trenck kissed her small, trembling hand. "Farewell," he murmured ; "we shall not meet again for years, but do not forgot me." "Forget you !" she shuddered ; that were impossible !" "Then they parted ; she for her convent —he to blaze through the bloody wars of that period, like some splendid, but erratic meteor. All Europe was arming for conflict, Trenck offered to raise a free corps of pan- dours for the service of the Empress, provid- ing she would issue a general amnesty to all the outlaws who should join command. Maria Theresa consented, the amnesty was published, and hundreds and thousands of Croats enrolled themselves under Trenck's banner. This was the origin of the most terrible body of men that Europe ever saw—devils, the enemies of Austria called them, and they well deserved the name. They dressed en- tirely in scarlet, they gave no quarter in battle, they were utterly without mercy and without fear. Trenck was the only man in the Austrian service who could control such soldiers—he alone was capable of establish- ing discipline, order and subordination among them. The following incident, which happened in 1741, illustrates the character of this great partisan chief :— He was exercising his regiment in his Sclavonian camp one day, when a company of Croats fired upon him suddenly with ball. His horse was killed under him, also the servant who stood by his side. Trenck rushed to the company, and ran the first man through with his sword, discharged his pistols at a second and third, and was attacking a fourth, when a Croat chief stepped out of the ranks, drew his sabre, and shouted :— "It was I who fired on thee—defend thy- self !" The other soldiers stood motionless specta- tors of the terrible scene. White with rage, Trenck turned on the Croat like a lion, and hewed him down before he could say another word. He then returned to the punishment of the fourth man, but the whole regiment pre- sented arms—the revolt became general. One instant of indecision, one sign of fear, would have cost Trenck his life ; but he was a man who never knew fear. He ran straight into the mutinous ranks, hacking about him on all sides with tremendous effect. In rage he was simply terrible to look upon. "Hold !" cried the Croats. They flung down their muskets and fell on their knees, "We will obey thee Trenck—we will obey thee !" His wrath vanished. He bade them stand up. He embraced those nearest to him, and remonstrated with them in their own Scla- vonian dialect. From that hour they were his invincible soldiers, docile, obedient, faith- ful in every peril. And now began the time of Trenck's triumphs. In the defeat of the French army at Lintz, his wild Croats reaped their first laurels. They led the van of the Imperial forces, and plundered and laid waste all Bavatia. The irresistible attacks and artful strata- gems of these men, their gigantic stature and savage cruelty, made them the terror of their foes—French, Prussians, and Bavarians fled alike at sight of a red cloak. The garrison of Deckendort capitulated when Trenck was four miles distant. During the space of five years, with a com- mand of four thousand Croats and six hun- dred hussars, all raised and equipped at his own expense, he levied contributions to the amount of several millions of dollars, carried many cities by assault, and delivered ten thousand prisoners into the hands of his Empress. In the midst of all this fighting, Trenck did not forget his protege in Vienna. Princely sums were sent for her maintenance annually. Though parsimonious with him- self, he was lavish enough with her. Pre- sents of rich jewels and costly fabrics found their way to the Ursuline school. But he did not seek to see her—he had no time for that—and she was still busy learning her alphabet among the gentle nuns. In 1744 Trenck obliged the French to re- tire beyond the Rhine, seized a fort near Phillipsburg, swam the river with seventy Croats, attacked the fortifications, slew the Marquis de Crevecoeur with his own hand, manned the post, afterward traversed the other arm of the Rhine, surprised and cut to pieces two Bavarian regiments, and by this daring manoeuvre secured the passage of the river to the whole imperial army. Then he passed the Elbe near Pardubitz, and destroyed the Prussian magazines, Frederick the Great was at Colin. Trenck attacked the town, and at the first assault his right foot was shattered by a canon-ball. He was borne to the rear on a litter, and his men were repulsed. Maria Theresa sent her own surgeon from Vienna to attend the wounded hero. For four months Trenck lay fuming and furious on a bed of pain, and his Croats, deprived of their adored leader, remained helpless, inert, like so many ciphers. As soon as he recovered he hastened to Vienna. His entrance into that city was an ovation, a triumph. He was the hero of the hour. The people ran to see and wonder at the great pandour baron. The court was at Schonbrunn, dancing away the pleasant hours. It was a balmy night in summer. Fountains played in the imperial gardens, blossoming shrubs and rare flower perfumed the air. The Empress received Trenck in her private cabinet. She thanked him graciously for the important services which he had ren- dered her, and forced him to be seated in her presence. He was gaunt with suffering, and his face had been scorched by an explosion of powder during the Bavarian war. Black spots impregnated the skin, nevertheless his beauty was still magnificent. "Ah, what pain you have endured for my sake !" said the Empress, kindly. "I count it a privilege and a pleasure to suffer for your Majesty," answered Trenck. She questioned him regarding the army and the progress of the war. After a while she asked, "Have you forgotten the girl whom you brought from Sclavonia five years ago—Frau- lein Goffau ?" "Not for a moment, your Majesty." "She has left her Ursuline school—she is here at Schonbrunn. I have made her an attendant upon my own person." Trenck started. "Here !" "Yes ; and her beauty is, the admiration of the whole court. You are her guardian, therefore I must tell you that she has already received an offer of marriage—Count Wen- zell has sued for her hand." Trenck scarred face grew black. "Wenzel ! Perdition ! May I ask your Majesty if she has accepted him ?" "No," replied the Empress," but he is a persistent wooer—he refuses to be refused. She is the daughter of a Sclavonian robber, he the head of one of the oldest and richest families of the empire. You have influence with her ; show her how foolish she is to decline such an offer." Trenck arose from his seat, breathing heavily. "Your Majesty wishes me to speak to Fraulein Goffau." "Yes ; she is in the ballroom yonder. Retire behind the portiere, and I will send her to you. Convince her, if you can, that the coronet of a countess would become her well." Trenck did not reply ; he seemed greatly agitated. With a low obeisance he lifted the velvet portiere at the other end of the cabinet, and found himself in an ante-room, brilliant with clusters of waxlights, but en- tirely empty. The long windows opened upon a balcony draped in myrtle vines and crowded with rare exotics. The silken curtains rustled in the night- wind. Beyond lay the great park, flooded with moonlight, and, farther off, the roofs and domes of Vienna stood up against the pale, purplish sky. "Wenzel !" muttered Trenck ; "that snake in the grass !—the man who, five years ago, in the courts of Vienna, brought a civil suit against me, and never forgave me because he lost it ! And now he would wed Gudule ! May the foul fiend—" A light step—the rustle of rich garments— Trenck turned quickly, and saw a young girl entering under the velvet portiere. She had the face of a goddess, and the air of a fine court lady. Her peach-colored satin gown was worn over a golden-flowered petticoat. Diamonds blazed on her dazzling throat and arms. Her blue-black hair, fine as floss, and of great luxuriance, was slightly powdered, and dressed high on her forehead. He saw a Iissome-shape, two long, dark Oriental eyes, a haughty mouth, a cheek like pearl, and knew that it was Gudule. Motionless, voiceless, in the shadow of the curtain he stood. She advanced a few steps into the room—looked breathlessly around. He started toward her—a splendid, yet almost terrific, apparition. The wax lights shone on his scarred face, eager now, and full of strange radiance. "Gudule, my child" he pronounced, in a deep, tender voice. She paused, trembled, raised one hand to her heart. "Oh, have you come, at Iast ?" she cried, and then, overpowered by some strong emotion, swayed and fell, senseless as a stone, to the floor of the ante-room. He snatched her up, carried her to the open window. The cool air, sweet with myrtle odors, revived her. She awoke to find Trenck's arm around her, and her head on his broad breast. "I love you—I love you !" It wasTrenck's own voice—his kisses were raining upon her hair. "Ah, child, have you learned, at last, to think of me kinldy. She shivered. "Yes yes, my friend—my benefactor !" "I am your lover now. See, I open my arms. If you cannot give me your whole heart, go out from them. All other treasures I have been content to take by force, but you—you—I will not have in that way. You shall be mine of your own will, or not at all." She did not move—she did not lift her beautiful face. The fountains babbled softly outside the flower-wreathed window ; the stars looked in betwixt the silken curtains. "Will you leave me !" murmured Trenck. "Never !" she sobbed under her breath. For a space deep silence reigned in the anteroom. Trenck stood with the daughter of the outlaw chief pressed to his heart—that tubulent, untamed heart which beat only for her. But presently the portiere was again lifted, and this time a man entered—a middle-aged person, powdered ruffled, and with stars and Orders shining on the breast of his court dress. He was thin and wrinkled, and a cast in the eye gave him a sinister expression. At sight of him Gudule retreated hastily from her lover's arms. "Ah !" said the new comer, "I fear I intrude." "You do indeed, count !" answer Trenck, grimly. Count Wenzel's crooked eyes glowed like small bale-fires. "My dear baron, I did not know that you had returned to Vienna. What news from the army ? Let me remind Fraulein Goffau that she has promised to dance a minute with me." Trenck made a threatening step toward him. "Count, my betrothed wife must be excused from the honor to-night. Retire, or I shall throw you through the window." Wenzel recoiled, growing white to his thin lips. 'Your—betrothed ! Ten thousand furies ! Then you have a heart, after all, Fraulein. Happy the man who found the key to it. Accept my congratulations." He bowed mockingly, threw one glance of mingled hate and fear at Trenck, dropped the portiere, and vanished. The next day Maria Theresa said to her beautiful attendant : "Fraulein, have you chosen a husband yet ?" "Yes, your majesty," answered Gudule. "His name ?" "Your majesty knows it well," said Goffau's daughter, proudly but sadly. "He is the slayer of my father, the conqueror of my people." "What !" cried the Empress. "I bade Trenck plead the count's cause, and he has made love to you himself. What treachery !" She pinched the girl's pale cheek. "So you have won my gallant soldier, my invincible pandour ? Well, I shall put no obstacle in the way of his happiness ; but the count—he will be inconsoIable." "I beg your majesty not to mention that man," cried Gudule, with spirit. "I detest him." "How ungrateful !" laughed the Empress' " He adores you." Trenck had no time to waste in the bowers of Love ! the trumpets of his wild pandours called him from afar. Immediately after his betrothal he returned to the army, and in September the battle of Sorau was fought. He fell on the Prussian camp, seized the tent of Frederick the Great and his service of plate, but he came an hour too late to attack the rear of the enemy. Frederick willingly gave up his camp to be plundered, and in the meantime the Austrian army was defeated. This was the first step in Trenck's terrible downfall. His splendid success had made him many enemies ; chiefest of these was Count Wenzel. Soon, in the taprooms and coffee-houses of Vienna—yea, even in the imperial palace— the agents of this man began openly to de- clare that Trenck alone was to blame for the loss of Sorau. He was also accused of having made the Prussian king prisoner, and of afterward re- leasing him in consideration of a bribe. A storm, black as midnight, was gathering over the head of the pandour chief. He returned to Vienna to defend himself. There he found assembled twenty-three officers whom he had cashiered and expelled his regiment for cowardice. All were his deadly foes. The Empress commanded that a legal ex- amination should be made regarding the charges brought against her brave favourite. A committee of inquiry was appointed. Trenck was declared to have done nothing worthy of a court-martial, but he was fined twelve thousand florins for divers acts of despotism among his own Croats. The haughty baron refused to pay a single kreutzer, and retired in high dudgeon to Sclavonia. "Sclavonia !" whispered Count Wenzel in the ear of Maria Theresa. "Trenck's power in that province is unbounded—the peopIe think him a god. Watch him, your majesty, I fear he will yet attempt to make himself King of the Croats." Meantime Gudule remained at Schonbrunn, under the protection of the Empress. Her grand face and almost regal manner at- tracted great attention at the stately Aus- trian court. In grace and beauty no princess of the bIood could compare with this daughter of a Sclavonian robber. Count Wenzel tormented her ceaslessly. "Fraulien, I have sworn Trenck's destruc- tion," he said, with great frankness, "and I shall certainly accomplish it, I hate him for many reasons, but principally because he has robbed me of the fairest woman in Aus- tria—the only one I ever loved." "Count," answered Gudule, in cold dis- dain, "you remind me of a cur snapping at the heels of a Iion. Trenck will yet take righteous vengeance on all the cowardly foes who dare to strike at him only in the dark." Alas ! she could not see that her lover's star was even then fading in total night. Trenck raised a regiment of new recruits in Sclavonia, and made one last glorious cam- paign in the Netherlands ; but his enemies were still busy. In the spring of 1747 he ap- peared again in Vienna, and scarcely had he done so, when an order from the Empress placed him under arrest in his own house. Here Trenck committed the most impru- dent act of his life. He dressed himself in his richest uniform, flung his scarlet pandour- cloak around him, ordered his sumptuous carriage and blooded horses, and went in state to the imperial theatre. Ritter Gluck led the grand orchestra. In the royal box sat the Empress, attended by the ladies of her household. By her side stood Gudule, dressed in violet velvet, with strings of pearls, Trenck's gift, twisted about her flawless throat and through her night- black hair. She looked pale, anxious, de- pressed. Some words which the Empress had said to her on her way from the palace still rung ominously in her ears. "Trenck will never make you happy ! Give him up, my child. Count Wenzel is a far more fitting mate for you." The entrance of the pandour baron, splen- did and defiant, created a mighty stir in the theatre. Unhappily, the first thing on which his eyes rested was a box in the first tier, oc- cupied by Count Wenzel. Dashing back the door, Trenck sprang into the box, and crying out, "Have I found you, oh, my enemy !" he seized the count to throw him into the pit. Wenzel drew his sword and tried to run his assailant through. Trenck tore it from his hand and snapped it like a pipe-stem. Instantly the whole place was in an up- roar. The count was unable to defend him- self, and everybody ran to save him from in- stant annihilation. Torn from his foe, Trenck tried to reach the imperial box, but was ordered back by the guard. Foaming with wrath, he flung himself into his car- riage and returned home. He had defied the commands of the Em- press, and committed a murderous assault in her presence. "I will no longer protect so rash a man !" cried Maria Theresa. "Oh, let your Majesty's vengeance fall upon me !'' pleaded Gudule, "I am the cause of his rashness." But she pleaded in vain. The next day sentinels guarded Trenck's door, and he was ordered to be tried by court-martial. Criminal articles of accusation were brought against the prisoner, to the effect that he had executed mutinous pandours, and broken his officers' commands by his own authority alone, dragged malefactors from convents in which they had taken refuge, and appropriated the lion's share of all his plunder. The charges regarding the of loss of the battle of Sorau, and the taking and releasing King Frederick, were also renewed. In the midst of the trial, Trenck's hot temper again got the better of his discretion —he attempted to throw the presiding-officer from a fourth- story window. The guard was called, and the turbulent pandour conducted to the Spielberg, and there chained hand and foot—chained by that very foot which so short a time before had been shattered in the service of Austria. He was declared a traitor to his country, and the court-martial instigated by Wenzel, signed his death-sentence. In great haste and secrecy a scaffold for his immediate exe- cution was erected in the courtyard of the Spielberg. Count Wenzel needed but one thing to complete his happiness—the signature of the Empress to the death-warrant. At this critical hour Fate played him a shabby trick. Gudule, utterly unconscious of her lover's peril, was walking with the young princesses in the gardens of the palace. Suddenly an old Croat, in a sheepskin jacket, stepped out from a thicket, and stood before her with arms crossed on his breast. It was Trenck's body-servant. "Daughter of Goffau," said he, "to- morrow at this hour you will have no lover— the bravest soldier of Austria will be no more." Then he told her all that had transpired at the court-martial. Gudule flew to the apart- ments of the Empress, and cast herself at Maria Theresa's feet. "They have condemned him to death !" she cried, wringing her hands in an agony of despair. "Save him, your majesty—save him from Wenzel and the army of enemies that seek his life !" "Foolish child ! you have been misin- formed," said the Empress ; "his life is not in danger, he has committed many grave offences, but none worthy of death." "He is to be executed this day at the Spielberg. Have mercy, your Majesty ! Promise that he shall not die—give me your royal word !" "You are beside yourself, child !" "Promise ! for the love of God, promise !" "I promise," said the Empress, simply to soothe the frantic girl ; and scarcely had she uttered the word, when a rap echoed on the door—a page entered. "Count Wenzel waits to speak with your Majesty," he announced. "Admit him !" cried the Empress. In pranced Wenzel, buoyant, elated, with a wicked light in his crooked eyes, and the general appearance of a man whose plans are working well. "What brings you here, count ?" demanded the Empress. He cast a furious glance at Gudule, then drew a paper from his breast. "I come to beg your Majesty's signature to this document." Maria Theresa opened it silently—it was Trenck's death-warrant. For a moment she sat as if in deep thought. With a face like death, Gudule pressed to her side. "Your promise—I have your Majesty's promise !" she murmured. The Empress rose to her feet, tore the paper in pieces, and tossed it to the floor. "No, no, count," she said sternly, "he shall be punished, but he shall not die. Remove that scaffold from the yard of the Spielberg. You have acted in a most unwar- rantable manner. Not a word more—go." Pale with rage and disappointment, Wen- zel retired from the royal presence. Trenck's life was saved, the fetters were removed from his limbs, but beyond that point the Empress refused to interfere in his behalf, and he, smarting under a sense of wrong and injus- tice, would not sue for her mercy. A second court-martial was appointed, and this time Trenck was sentenced, not to death, but to perpetual confinement, as a State prisoner, in the Spielberg. The night after this doom had been pro- nounced upon him, a close carriage rattled into the gloomy court of the prison, and from it alighted two person : Father Stephen, Trenck's Capuchin confessor, and a girl vailed and muffled in black—Gudule. An officer admitted the pair to a vaulted room, lighted by a swinging-lamp. There, at a table, Trenck was seated, with some military maps spread before him. He looked haggard and worn, but in no wise conquered. At sight of Gudule he sprang to his feet and opened his arms. "My darling, my darling !" The next instant she was sobbing on his breast. "How can you bear this dreadful sen- tence ?" she murmured. "I cannot, will not bear it," he replied. "Did Father Stephen deliver my message to you ?" "Yes." He looked down into her pale face, elo- quent with womanly devotion. "And what did your heart say to it, Gudule ! Dare you take a name which is blacked with disgrace ! Dare you share my fallen fortunes ? Dare you become the wife, not of the powerful all-conquering Trenck, but of Trenck the wronged, friendless pri- soner, sentenced to pass the remainder of his life in these four walls ?" Her great dark eyes looked fearlessly up into his own. "I dare, I would rather be the wife of Trenck, the prisoner, than consort of the proudest king upon earth." He strained her to his heart. "Brave child ! The Empress must know nothing of this matter ; she is now my foe. Should she discover that you had married me without her knowledge or consent, you would be sure to feel her wrath. Be prudent—be hopeful. I have a presentiment that this prison cannot long hold Trenck." In that gloomy, vaulted room of the Spiel- berg, in darkness and silence and solemn secrecy, Francis, Baron Trenck, and his beautiful protege knelt before the Capuchin Father Stephen, and were made one till death. At the conclusion of the sacred rite, the priest and the officer who guarded Trenck, and who was the sole witness of the ceremony, withdrew, and the wedded pair were left alone together. They stood at a deep casement, crossed by iron bars, and looked out into the night beyond. "This is a sad bridal for you, beloved," said Trenck ; have I wronged you in thus uniting your fate with mine ?" "No, no," she answered. "You have made me happy—most happy. Look ! Yonder a is streak of light shown in the sky. Ah, the night is not so dark as we thought." Even as she spoke a young moon pushed through the vailing clouds, and looked in at the grated window upon the lovers. Gudule's slight had closed convul- sively upon her bridegroom's. "It is an omen of good," she whispered to you and to me." Alas ! she should have said an omen of evil. As the carriage which held Father Stephen and his companion rolled out of the gate of the Spielberg prison that night, Count Wenzel, wrapped in a long cloak, stood under the lighted archway, and, with a wicked smile on his lip, watched it pass. Half an hour after Maria Theresa knew that Fraulein Goffau had been in secret to visit her lover at the Spielberg. The Empress, whose heart had never softened in the least toward Trenck, was shocked and indignant ; she summoned Gudule to her imperial presence, and repri- manded her sternly. "Fraulein," she said, "your conduct will occasion great scandal. You had better re- tire to your convent for a few days, and Iearn propriety." In short, Gudule was dismissed from court. She went back to the Ursulines, as the Empress had suggested. The good nuns re- ceived her joyfully. Father Stephen also came to visit her retreat. Often the old priest and the pale, fiery-eyed girl walked through the convent garden in solemn talk. It was no longer possible for Gudule to see her bridegroom ; the Empress had ordered that no visitor should be admitted toTrenck's prison—but she wore his portrait on her heart. Father Stephen brought her com- forting letters, and the two held many secret councils under the convent trees. One momentous night Gudule was waiting in the shadow of those same trees for tidings from the Spielberg. In her long black dress and black mantle, with her white face and weary eyes, she looked like a nun. At her feet violets bloomed in the long grass. Overhead towered the garden-wall, covered with creeping ivy. Stars shone in the twilight sky, and the roar of the world was borne in a subdued murmur to her ears. "Oh, Trenck !—oh, my love !" she whis- pered. "Father Stephen has promised to bring me news of you. Why does he not hasten ? My heart is like lead. The very air is heavy with evil to-night ; I feel it pressing like a great darkness betwixt you and me." A sharp, rustling sound started her from her dreary reverie. Gudule turned and saw a man step quickly out from the masses of ivy which draped the gray wall—a shelter in which he had been for some time concealed. He flung back the muffling cloak from his face, and revealed the wrinkled features and crooked eyes of Count Wenzel. "Gudule !" She stood horrified. He in this garden ! Then the blood rushed into her white cheek, her dark eyes flashed fire. "How dare you intrude here ?" she cried. "I dare do anything for your sake," an- swered the count. "Nothing can keep me from you, Gudule—neither convent walls, nor frowns, nor hard words. Trenck will never breathe free air again. You have lost one lover ; but, behold, here is another who loves you as that savage soldier could never love. See what risks I incur, only to look once more on your maddening face ! Other women are kind, other women are pitiful. Is it the old robber blood in you which makes you so hard, so cruel ?" He pressed toward her with a sinister light in his crooked eyes. "Stand back !" she commanded, like an outraged queen. "I will not. Listen, Fraulein. Outside this wall a carriage walks. I am about to retire for a while to my Hungarian estates. Go with me. I will make you a countess. I will give you wealth, power, and the best love of my heart. You are in disgrace at court. Your lover is a prisoner for life, you have no refuge but this convent, and a heart like yours can never be happy in a nun's cell. Look ! here is a postern in this well. I have found means to open it. Come, you can love me if you will. You will not ? Ah, but you shall ?" "Stand back !" she cried, again, her hand- some, haughty face like ashes, "I am Trenck's wife !" He recoiled a step. "Trenck's wife ! You rave !" "His lawful wife, count. I married him two months ago in the prison of the Spiel- berg." He grasped her rudely by the arm. "Ha ! in the Spielberg. I remember that night ! Well, since you will never see Trenck's face again, it does not matter whether you call yourself his wife or his sweetheart. By my faith, to Hungary you shall go with me." The spirit of Goffau stirred in his child. A long, slim bodkin held the masses of her dark hair. She snatched the instrument and dealt the count a sudden blow. Its sharp point entered his cheek, inflicting a wound, the scar of which he carried to his grave. He tore the bodkin from her hand. She uttered a cry, and in answer the gaunt figure of Father Stephen appeared at the further end of the walk. "Curse the priest !" muttered Wenzel, and pressing his cambric handerchief to his cheek, he rushed for the postern, flung it back, and was safe out of the convent garden by the time the Capuchin reached Gudule. Briefly she explained the situation. Father Stephen secured the postern, then turned and stood before her, with downcast eyes and a strange, solemn air. "I bring you tidings from the Spielberg," he said. She trembled—pressed one hand to her heart. "Ah !" "Summon all your fortitude, my daughter." "It is done. Speak quickly." "Trenck is dead !" They looked at each other steadily. Her pale face betrayed no surprise. In some mysterious manner she seemed quite prepared for this astounding news. "It is a happy release," said Father Stephen, solemnly. "He has passed beyond the reach of his enemies—they can harm no more. He died at midday, and to-morrow he will be buried in the vaults of the church of St. Francis." Her very lips grew white. "Buried !" "Yes ; but be comforted—he will rise again." Gudule fell on her knees under the ivied wall, and hid her face in her hands. "Oh, my love—my love !" was all that she said. By her side, with his cowl drawn over his brows, and his head bent, Father Stephen stood as if in prayer. And over the high wall the primrose sky grew dark with gather- ing night, and the stars shone down into the silent, solemn convent garden. * * * * * He was dead ! The greatest partisan chief that the world ever saw—the splendid, dash- ing, fire-eating Trenck—was dead. His stormy career had ended in deepest mystery. This is the account which historians give of the strange and sudden close of a strange life :— On the twenty-seventh of October, 1747, Trenck expressed a desire to see the Go- vernor of the Spielberg. The latter has- tened to the prisoner, and found him sitting at a table, covered with his books and maps. He looked pale, thoughtful, and subdued. "I beg you will send for my confessor," said Trenck calmly. "I have had a strange dream. I feel that I am about to die." The Governor stared—smiled. "Die ? Bah ! You are young and strong, Baron—you have a half-century of life before you." "No," answered Trenck, impressively. "I shall never see the close of another day. You can kill Trenck, but you cannot keep him caged. I knew from the first that a sentence of perpetual imprisonment would be to me a death-sentence." The Governor looked incredulous ; never- theless he despatched a messenger for Father Stephen. The old priest hastened to the Spielberg, and was closeted for an hour with the baron. After his departure, Trenck summoned the officers of the prison, told them he was about to die, exhorted them to lead a worthy life, bade all a quiet farewell, went to prayers, slept tranquilly, rose the next morning, prayed again, drew out his watch about noon, and said :— "Praise to the Almighty, the hour draws nigh !" meaning, of course, the hour of death. The officer who guarded him was amazed to see his face grow pale. He sat at his table supporting his head on both hands. There he remained motionless for a long time with eyes wide open. The officer grew alarmed. "Trenck !" he called. There was no answer. The great clock of the Spielberg struck twelve solomnly. The astonished man laid his hand on Trenck's shoulder, shook him, but without result ; touched his face ; it was already growing cold. He was dead ! The news ran like wildfire through Vienna, Everybody wondered Strange rumors flew from lip to lip. In one place it was whispered that Trenck had been poisoned by his enemies ; in another that he had committed suicide rather than endure life-long imprisonment ; and in another that the Empress had executed him secretly in prison. On the day succeeding his death the body of the famous soldier was placed in a metallic coffin, and taken from the Spielberg to the vault of St. Francis. His cold face was calm, smiling, life- like ; thousands of persons looked upon it, and went away to talk in hushed voices of the eventful life and mysterious death of the pandour baron. The officers of the Spielberg, who had fol- lowed him to his tomb, returned to the prison, greatly impressed with the whole in- explicable affair. Father Stephen read the prayers for the dead. As for Gudule, she was weeping in widow's weeds with the good Ursulines. Darkness settled over the Danube, over the city—a heavy darkness, threatening storm. And now occurred the strangest event in all this strange history. Just as the clocks of Vienna were striking ten, two figures, closely muffled, glided along a dark street in the rear of St. Francis, turned an angle of the grey wall, and en- tered the church by a small door in its wes- tern tower. It was long past the hour of evening ser- vice ; the sacred place was quite deserted. Both figures moved cautiously, and at the heels of the other. The foremost carried a dark-lantern under his long, priestly cloak. He unlocked the door of the sacristy, passed through that room into a low, narrow, vaulted passage, at the far end of which he produced a second key, and opened another door. A corkscrew staircase, leading down- ward, was revealed by the light of the lantern. "You tremble," he whispered to his com- panion. "You are afraid." "No," answered a woman's voice—"oh no ! Hasten for the love of God." Noiseless as phantoms they descended the steep stair, and found themselves in a spa- cious crypt with a groined roof supported by heavy stone pillars. On either side rows of coffins stood in ghastly array. They stumbled over a grinning scull, they slipped upon dead men's bones. Grave-mold clung to the damp walls. Their little light glimmered feebly in this oppressive and unwholesome gloom, and seemed only to make the surrounding dark- ness more terrible. The foremost figure drew back his cowl, and exposed the pale, wasted features of Father Stephen. "Give me your hand, daughter," he whis- pered to his companion. Small, trembling fingers were thrust into his thin palm. He led her to the far end of the crypt, where a metallic coffin stood alone in a recess of the moldy wall. What did the living seek in this foul place of sepulchre? The air was frightful ; both were gasping for breath. Father Stephen put down his lantern, drew some light tools from the pocket of his cloak, and, with a steady hand, unscrewed the lid of the coffin from the face of its occupant. "The flask," he whispered. His companion held toward him a silver drinking vessel. She was shaking violently. "Merciful God !" she faltered, "if he should be dead, after all !" "Hush, my child ! Do I not know the power of my own drugs? Already his pulse beats—his senses are returning—look ! Inside the coffin lay a man. Father Stephen bent over him, rubbed his temples, and poured some liquid from the flask be- twixt his white lips. A shiver ran over the massive limbs, a faint sign stirred the silence of the vault, two closed eyes opened wide, and the dead man sat up in his ghastly bed, among the bleached bones and creeping gravemold, stretched his arms to the pair, and began to speak. Two persons went down the corkscrew- stair into the crypt of St. Francis that night —three came up from thence. The gigantic proportions of the third figure were only half-concealed by a long mantle which his companions had cast hurriedly about him. Tho trio passed through the sacristy, and gained the narrow street in the rear of the church. Here a carriage and swift horses waited. Father Stephen solemnly embraced and blessed his companions. "Everything is arranged for your escape," he said. "Relays of fresh horses await you all the way to the frontier. By morning you will be far away. Farewell, my children, and may God keep you from all your enemies." The next morning he was standing alone in the shadow of St. Francis' weather- beaten wall. Horses,vehicle, and the pair that had ascended with him from the crypt— all were gone into the night. The heirs of Francis Baron Trenck were sadly disappointed in the meagre amount of money which fell to them by their kinsman's decease. Where were the bags of pearls, the caskets of diamonds, the millions of florins which he had accumulated during the French and Bavarian wars ? What had become of all his great wealth ? Alas ! No one could tell. Count Wenzel and the other officers of the court-martial were accused of having appro- priated it, but this charge they stoutly denied. The disappearances of Trenck's riches was never satisfactorily explained. The only person who could have thrown light on the dark subject was Father Stephen, and he preferred to remain silent. After a time the name of the pandour baron passed from the lips of men. We die, and worms eat us, and the world goes merrily on. In the corner of the vaults of St. Francis an empty coffin stood against the slimy wall. The lid, cut with a name and date, was screwed tightly down, but not upon human dust. Its occupant had flown away. But far from Vienna, from Sclavonia, from all the places which had once known Trenck, in a secluded chateau on the border of Swiss Lake, for years and years after, lives a tall, soldierly man of fierce aspect, with a face disfigured by black spots, and a beautiful woman, queenly as Juno, with Oriental eyes and night-black hair. These people called themselves Ferard. They had wealth evidently, and, what is better, happiness and contentment. They avoided all intercourse with their neighbors, and seemed to live only for each other. Two dark-eyed children played in the gardens of the chateau. Now and then Monsieur Ferard received letters from a Capuchin priest in Vienna— the only communication which he ever held with the outer world. A French officer, travelling in Switzerland one day, chanced to encounter this recluse on the lake near the chateau. "Mon Dieu !" he said afterwards, when relating the incident to a friend, "my heart stood stilI ! I thought it was the pandour Trenck who cut me down at the battle of Lintz. Ma foi ! the same gigantic shape, the same lightning eyes ! Ah, my friend, man is the slave of illusions. Trenck has been dust and ashes for many years, and, upon inquiry in the neighborhood, I found my ghost to be only a gentleman of retired habits whose name was Monsieur Ferard." 