OULONXNr LLTTER. Wt; prod 0OMBE AND COLONIAL. GOSSIP. trim __ver, (FRO1i OUR SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT.) wOlt LONDON, Marh 9 et TIIE NIEW ? n IO. of th The nisunderot.nding in reference to the and heoitlent of Dr. Sandford to the Tasmanian are is hus explainoed by Bishop Bromby simy Sthis wek's Guardian :-"Sir,-A paragraph, shor Tromn"bth MeIlbourne Argls, has been heon R spi t to in so0e of the English newspapers, thel ing that ' no power has been delegated to belie body at home to relect Canon Sandford for in se tevcaut sie of Tasmania.' This is not true. may Te asmnnoin Synod, by resolution, requested certin ] ,istops in England to make the ar oll, i they accordingly did. It is A a dteromintion of tle Generol oi So Australin and Tasmania that the dele- sueI fte iboold rcelvo the ?nntion of the beto rimandlihops of stdia to makoe the18 iooblid. This sanction has now been Carl ivd, ich was all that was required to and cnverthe ' selection' into a legal dection.- stre Cif. hiiooooyt Alishlop).- ..Ikontford, Salop, nt oh2, 18833." r may add that as tho result that i learn the following circumstances: that oiford had no share in the premature cont blication of the news of his selection. The i e t ion proceeded probably from the au- for riies at Lambeth Palace. It appears that Thio eilal Bronby, not having his papers, eto., live bmed, hod forgotten the exactly correct n ,, of procedure in connection with the are tion of a Bishop forTTasmania. Dr. Bromby yeal vs uoder the impression tt the appointment feos ded confirmation by the Autroltu Episeo- bot n s so led th Bishops associated with lr to oeunder the minute of the Tasmanian com to pass a resolution nominating Dr. COr rd to the Australian Bishops as far Sfittong clergyman for appointment. o }hen somo timen afterwards, the laws noo itthseGeneral Synod of Australia pro ame to be read it was discovered that this was in e P 'oucrland uotin proper form. It was pro a elatoinasmuch as the delegation to the Y Amchbishop of Canterbury and the Bishops re* lop Stobe aopprovoedand confirmed. It was to n in proper form inasmuch as when the the telgation t e"s been confirmed no further reo ohsi neooeoisordod to the Australian Bishop as to Ce thenoitmcst itself. What is subsequently lion ioearyfs the consent of the Acting-Prlmate and nAustrliatotheo consecration by the Arch- illu biobop of Canterbury, if this is desired. The wilt iothorisntion has now been received at Lambeth whi polre. The delegates have really hitherto the only lmde their selection. They are now eom- fes owered to execute a deod of election and ap- wl ottment. No further diffioulty will arise as len e formal or irrevocable steps had been taken Con laore the mistake was discovered. Bishop Sat Bemby's slight slip, which occurred in the an otmost good faith on his part, thus produces no tor, tormnl results whatever. and Dr. Sndlord has lately worked with great .oalin the cause of education at Edinburgh. clo TIns when at a recent meeting of the Edin- the harghoSchool Board a letter was submitted from Egt toe l1ev. Dr. Sandford, dated 3rd February, thi intimating his resignation of his sent on the wel Board, and iis intention of retiring at the it eiplry of the month's notice required by the the att, the Chairman said all the members ago lmented that the connection of Dr. Sandford roe with the School Board had been of so short exa daration, and was so very soon to terminate. ace Tlor, however, who had been associated the nithDr. Sandford, even for the very shortest Cot tome, n oay goed work, could not but recognioo eil his great ability, and they had all felt tie C attraction of his warm and generous nature. dol Dr, Sandford had rendered excellent service as ten Smember of the Board, anl they nigit feel a untred thalt it the distant sphlere of high and the reponsiblo labour to which he was so soon to tlo depart Dr. Sandford would, while exercising On amosoot beneficial influence in the community of generally, as lie had done for so many years in if I the community of Edinburgh, continnue to the interest himself deeply and natively in the cause th: deducation, and to sympathise with all efforts con mdlein whatever luarter to promote that cause. en, (IAplaser.) Whlile moving thalt tle Board do aseet this intimation of Dr. Sandford's inteni- thl tion to resign, Professor Duff said he had to ex- sol press their deep sense of the loss the Board was 01u ota?ining, and thleir hearty wishes for Dr. eso Sandford's future welfare. (Applause.) He ha proposed that a small committee be appointed ab tolput on permanent record the appreciation the wi ooard lhad of Dr. Sandford's services, and that ttnext meeting the Board proceed to elect a memberin room of Dr. Sandford. The Rev. Im. IlUlfour, in seconding the motion, re- be msaked that his only regret was that Dr. In mandford should not havo accepted a bishoprio Go neoarer home, and so have allovwed tlhe Board t till to enjoy his services. This Dr. Sandford th nighlt'lave done by becoming a Presbyterian, th ard thereby becoming a veritable scriptural be tibop. (Much laughter.) lot " THo LAST AUSTRALIAN." GE naued's Maogaline for March hassome linos. 8 Ilus headed, which are mainly interesting lib tbcause they are Australian. As a matter of Wi fctlI believo the heading ought to be " The Go LutTasmaninn," ns you are the only colony to tiit has lost all its aboriginals. The death scene an h thus depicted :- ra "The shadow deepens on his face, 0 For 'mid the spectral gums waits death; To Adiego's sudden howl swells near- H lie stares on0e with a startled gaze, do As, half in wonder, lhalf In fear, sic Then sinks back on lhis unknown bier." op Alter ills, we presume, lie dies. By the way, lha Quiver has an article describing how the present Bishop of Melbourne acted as curate at Ihefiield, COLONIAL GOEOGRAPHY. That long standing source of complaint whereon such quantities of Australaselan Iprinter' ink have been expended is about to b largely remedied. Toe British youth are to w \- drilled in colonial geography systematically. e rt. Frederick Young, hon. see. of the Royal Colonial Institute, wrote to tMr. Mqndella, i ,I.P., Vice-President of the Council on Educa tion, hst month, pointing out the importance of i bring colonial information diffused more s5 thoroughly throughout England. Mr. Young also omdul the important announcement that thn Council of the Colonial Institute have under it onsiderntion a proposal to offer prizes to o shnolars in Board schools in England for the v batessays on colonial subjects.; Mr. Mundella's rtply to MIr. Young is thus; "Education Department, Whitehall, 25th. Febitury, 1883. Sir,-I am in receipt of your P itler of tle 24th instant, expressing the or o-inion of the Royal Colonial Institute as to the dedrability tlat special prominence should be iven in the cou0me of instruction in Board ohools to the toaching of aslh subjects as the oo Peogr.phieal uosition, history, climates, and reo- P otrces of all" the British colonies, I a0m glad w toin?d myself in entire agreement with the Colonial Institute ino this respect. In the now a codewhich has been provided by this depart- u 0eat, not only for Board solhools but for all the 0 bhil ehlmenitary schools of the country, we toe made geography one of the class subjects tlch may be taken throughout the sehool from the lowest to the highest standlard; and in tloodard IV. which is the lowest staudard at vhiht any clhild can pass out of school in any b prtof Great Britain, the requirement is tihe Itaehiog of thye pbysitol and political geograiphy In thI ritislh Isres, IBritish North America, ad Australia, with kcowLaedge of their pro doctiona.' In Standard VI,, the requirements ra geography of the world gepcraln , and es bothlly of the Blritish colonies anl depvn- 1 dncies; interchange of p:oductions; circum sta0nca which determine climate.' I mon glad I tootet that you are about to give prizes for Iompotition for tie best essays on colonial sub lets, and I havero no doubt this will have the Ienetofl stimulating this very important and useul branch of education.-I a0, Sir, yours I hithfully, (Signed) A. J. MUNDuELLA." I ThougoCe te term "Australia"does not include Tutmania--and Mr. ulundella, by-the-by, in- n ',neces iuoglish geograplical ignoranoco by using Auslralia" innteaod of "Australnsia"--wo may rinturo to hon? that Eoglish boys and girls itcnearthoeles be instructed in things Tas 1.A. pARocER, ior nbilohn nstronoolical visitor-no referenco 0 l the conmet-hiihi been looktring very ouceono ully in London, and has just survived the 1:oour of having his portrait issued in tie hihnl0 ,'air series of notable men. aunityl sIais given crisp little bioraphy in illHustr ltttion ofitsaoloureoi portraits. Thus we are ltld that P'roctc studied at Cambridge twenty 'oeara go, worked up seveoal languages, anid InOwed uo Inuch proficiency ill mathematices that Ihe might easily have came out tine Senior Orngler of his year. However, he was lay, "nd Preferred shooting and rowing to "stewing" far thie Tripose. oon after this time Overend 0d Curncy's celebrated failure occurred, and PrIclte was ruined and thrown on his own re ?seorces. i at once set to work and published .notable little bookl on oeloids. Then he went is for astronomy as a perofesiono, iod became \- cretary to thoe loyal Astrononical Society, Such to the disgust of tile old fogies of Sleronomy, itn whose paths he did not obediently Ifollow. lie then lectured in America and Aus tralasia, and wrote very numerous astronomical oorks. Next le married an American lady, • thoereupon started KowledIge, whlich has e"omne a Poinular scientificl journal. ]'Proter is ', "has invented a new theory of thie unti Ieae, and is afraid of getting very fat." So II y auiltye, which in spite of a red-hot Coll rva0tism which renders its utterances often rIctesquely one-sided, is nevertheless a racy !iooj of tOheiPiess. ea. Toonasmu nios probably ohio have visited tdon oovo failed to standl awhile meditating tiore the eoemorial to their renownedl ex Cveornor os it rests in Westlminster Abbey. "omemaybe will ?poramber the beautiful lines ohich Tennyson wrote on hlis friend, and which stand out prominently on the mnenarial stone : "Not lhero; the whiite North has thy bones, pand thuoo Iheroic sailor soul, t passing on tbino happier voyage now moewrds no earthly pole." Macaulay Insn told sof thedifficultyand labour s t with which epitaphs thst read so smoothly are " no produced, how the words are trimmed and of trimmed until they Will bear inspection from with every poilnt-nothing superfluous, notlthing cnu wanting. Probably these four lihrs moen hours deer of thought. C?rtainly they ere noble. So falmous loss are they that a book has just been published for i containing 165 translations into Latin and Greek is or of the opitaph. Each one is by a difourent hand, tows and one-third only are Latin. Of those several driw are very harmonious, but none I think have the real simple majesty of the English original; the if o shortness of the second line hIas compelled the that hexameter translators to add "padding." Of land the Greek 1 cannot speak personally, but as a believe the translators have boeen very halpy of t in several instances. Some Tasmanian classicoits will, may like to buy this little book. hold ARLTYLE AND HISa WIFE. eCOe A most interesting contribution to the dis-. sld cussions on the home charactor of Carlyle is that supplied in a volume, just issued, of letters between Carlyle and Emerson from 183 to 1872, .'The stern difficoultles against which post Carlyle had to,contend are well portrayed, any and it is abundantly clear that there was a cl strong vein of love and of sympathy in his tion nature as manifested by actions. The idea any that Carlylo was very harsh in his home, and qua that his wife led a very wretched life, is quite are contradicted by Emerson's evidence. He notes Irol in his diary in 1848 that he had booeen staying m for many days with " the Carlyles" at Chelsea. the This is his testimony :-" Carlyle and his wife i live on boeautiful terms. Their ways are very holt engaging, and, in her book.cases, all his books Iene are inscribed to her as they came from year to nun year, each with some significant lines." Pro- cou fossor Norton, the editor, was a near friend of Ker both Carlyle and Emeoron. There are signs 40, already that Professor Tyndall's prophesy will come true, and that the grand true man Goi Carlyle will presently stand forth in his glory culi far above the misunderstandings and cavillings 3,G( which succeeded his death, just-as a grand ir. mountain, as the day wears on, raises its head dou proudly and gloriously.'abov .the. mists which knc in early morn obscured it. .. to r SnRcIOIIAD'S IIMaBELF AGAIN I" . but Which quotation with due apologies may Ire happily be applied alike to 3I r. Oladstone and Pen to Mr. Fawoott. By a curious coincidence both ' a the Premier and the Postmastor.General, after mn absence caused by illness, entered the House of Ti Commons for the first time this session on you M[onday, March 5. iMr. Fawcett came in first, of and was greeted with loud cheers, which aptly don illustrated the very kindly feeling which every- fan where prevails towards the blind Postmaster, whose lifo recently hung in the balance. But the greatest enthusiasm was of course mani tested when thle Prime blinister, about 5 o'clock, walked quietly in and sat down on the Treasury Bench. Mr. Gladstone had arrived from the Continent at Charing Cross on tihe previous Pa Saturday, after having spent three days in Paris cal on his way from Cannes. In Paris he had in- Br terviews in a friendly way with the President of and various Ministers, and it is hoped that the explanations *given and the confidences ex. changed will have materially tended to clear up pal the little misunderstatidings as to notion in G. Egypt, which have arisen between France and at this country. Mr. Gladstone now looks quite T j well again. He is brown as a berry, and walks with elastic step utterly different from the slow heositating walk of two months ago. DIr. Gladstone certainly has marvellous recuperative powers, and his case is a striking example of what the vis medicatrix naturos can be accomplish in a septuagintarian when aided by the warm breezes of the IMeditorranean. The Conservative Press declares that Mr. Gladstone we will not again resume his full loadership of the 22 Commons; he will, like Palmerston in Ins latter yi days, leave the mass of the work to his lion. tenants, and confine himself more to exercise a a general control over matters of policy tihan to the fighting of debate. Yet it will go hard with no the old war horsl bhut lie will be in the fray. pe On the very first day lhe needs must speak. IBut W of that anon. The thought that Gladstone has, if the Conservative authorities are right, and they probably are, taken the first steop towards that final retirement which ere many years must certainly come, makes one critical as to his ouc cessor. Lord Hartington has acquittedhimself te during his chief's absence with more ability * than was expected. But Ihe is only slow and nt sensible; he does not add to these excellent qualities the enthusiam and overpowering per- 51 sonal influonce of the Premier-and of course wi has not Gladstone's oratory. In Gladstone's at absence W.Vestminster has been like Hamlet f without the Ghost. TIIE BRITISH IN EGYPT. in The papers of all sorts of political belief have Gi been protesting against the proceedings of the tI Indemnity Commission in Egypt. The Egyptian Government have invited applications from w' those seeking indemnities, and have stated that they mean to appropriate £3,500,000 to meet the same. So all the persons injured in mind, body, orestate, at Alexandria, have been send ing in claims, most of which. from rascally Germans and Italians, and Bulgarians, and ti Swiss, are three-fold greater than by the most 2s liberal calculations they ought to he. Yet it 1I Would appear that,.the miserable Egyptian di Government will be cajoled by foreign dictation etopay nupto the full. Tihe thing is scaudalous, and if allowed to be carried out will deserve to In rank with the extortionsof Pigarro and Cortes, or exacted from equally defenceless victims. fo Touching our occupation in Egypt, Lord Hartington, the other day stated pretty g definitely that we shrould withdraw in six months or so. Gladstone 'oi March. Gth c spoke as follows:-" My noble friend thie ct Secretary for YWar referred to a certain period ft within which he thought it possible we might n withdraw from Egypt, and that reference lhas been understood in a great degree by the right ee heon. gentleman opposite as a statement that t e were to withdraw from Egypt within that E period. What my noble friend expressed was sl his hope; and that hope was the impression bu which he received upon such' a review of the ° circumstances of the case as in the present e development of tlhe circumstances is practicable. What my noble friend and what we all feel is, it in the first place, that we have an im ortant f purpose to accomtplish in Egypt, and in the second place, when that purpose is accomiplished a we are sincerely desirous to withdraw. (Hear, nhear.) But with regard to a definition of time it is impossible to venture beyond an expression it of hope, because it is evident that the purpose as Swe have oi view must regulate the time to he , es employed, and that a fixed and arbitrary 0 time should not bh permitted ' to h interfere with the attainment of that r purpose. (Hiear, ear.) I think I may ry this. that tiel definition of the objects t] for which we are in Egypt has been explicitly made upon more thian one occasion to the IIouse. We are there for the establishment of order and stability; we are there for the inm Sprovoment; of thet instittlons of tihe country; we are there to secure as far as depends uplon us - the fulfilment of international engagements, w and we are there undoubtedly in a principal de- n gree with reference to the freedom and security Sof tihe great passage by the Canal fromr one sea to thoother. (Hear, hber.) fut if these were Smatters which were entirely and absolutely in I our hands it might be right and apar1 of our Sduty that we should from timo to time state I t exactly the points which we had reached in the adcjustment of these matters; but it will be Sborne in mind that we aire there not as the 0 masters, but as the friends and advisers in the ' first instance of the Egyptian Government, and Sthat with respect to many of the purposes for t rwhich we are thlere other nations have interests, is and not only interests but rights just as definite andl just as undeniable as our own. (Cheers.) STherefore we can state nothing definitely at id present.' .. OUR ARMY. h. The army estimates of the coming financial 0e year state tlie expenditure at £15,Si0l,700. There d isa oaesldorable increase, but of this £31,000 is contrihuted by the fact that it 1803 February has 20 days, so that thie financial year is one do day longer than in 18S3. So we spend £31,000 a. a day on our soldiers, and about the same on ng our navy I The army reserve is to be consider y ably increased. The number of our regulars, l auxiliaries, and reserves is set down at 036,051 s. men. But many of these men are, likte the French army of 2. millions, only on papier. The effective strengthl of our army, from all sources, ce is 555,435 men; 'of these, 02,000 are in India. . There are 2417,021 volunteers, of whom 207,300 he were effective last November when told. ie rTiE DANURIAN CONFEnrENCE. 1i The results of this Conferonco of ropresonta ftiyus of the Great Powers will be telegraphed to ire yon. I just wart to note tlimt although the y Conferencols sitting at thIe Foreoign Ollico in d Whlitelhsall, London, and is pIresided over by cs Lord Granville, yet we know no more about or its procredings than if it wecre sitting , ite Kmtschatka. About 5 p.m. when ' t1oe Conference breaks up we may lsee R ussian, French, German, Austrian, ad Turkish, Servinau, talian, and Englishl repreo. re- sentatives rolling awayin their carriages from led thie doors of the Foreign Of1ee. But " the rt great men give no token, and tie silence is un O broken." tIn the evening, maybe over grand ty dinner tables, there are mysterlors hints, but of said hints never go direct into the English Press. Ily Wenu it our moririg papers telegrams from 05' Patio and Berlin stating that "such and such a cal resolution was arrived at in thie Confercnce at ly London yesterday," and we accept this round rs about methlod of getting information. I suppose Stihe foreigners send conidential reports to their erGovernments, and the details leak out in So countries where the Press is more closely con enr aected with thie Government than in London. ten Any way we have to go from home for news of roy what occurs daily at the Foreign Olice. led Something besides ArrcAra aud Coerion Acts irg are requisite if we want to raise thie cordition of ex thie Irish peasantry. There are two alterna ley. tives-(1), help tlhem to emigrate and settle ns uponlanld wherore conditions are more favour i able, or (2) arrange so thrt trey ray gret more and better land in Ireland. At present the 001 emigration theory of relief finds most favonr, opd vast efforts are being made to get the wyetuber Irishmen away to fresll fields and pastures nea, Tihe landlords desire nothing better than to get rid of te Jtrlsh population, as there is then a prospeot of the places of " no rent" Irishmen being filled by n better class of people. But there ought ti he a remedy without driving the population out ot thie country. Ireland is very thinly peopled in. deed, and the population is constantly becoming less and less, so that the menus of subsistence for those who remain ought to be increased. This is one of the latest proposals in the newspapers towards reclaiming the Irishman without driving him out of house ani home :-" A real and permanent remedy can be easily found, if our legislators will but carry a little further that interferoneos with the absolute power of landlords which they have already recognisod as a prinoiple in the Land Act. An examination of tie literature .of the Irish Land Question will, I think, show that as a rule wherever the holdings are of adequate size and the rents not exorbitant the Irish peasant, far from being a half.atarved pauper, is comparatively well off and able to save money. Tile Land Act ensures that future rents shall be fair ; it is only neces. sary to ensure that holdings shall be adequate, and the problem will be solved. Tor this pur pose local authorities must have power to take any land from which the people have been cleared since the great famine, or suitable por tions of mountain land or large grazing farms in any district, to he lot at fair rents and in such quantities . as m-roy bm desired. : Ilt 'o'cif are enormous areas in the central parts of Ireland occupied in grazing farms of many square miles each, but even in the poverty-stricken West there is probably ample land to double the size of the present holdings. In MIr. Tuke's articlo in the Con temporarry Review of April last he gives the numhber of holdings in the ivo distressed counties of Donegal, MIayo, Galway, Clare, and Kerry, as 158,400, and the cultivated acres as 40,500, being an average of almost exactly six ea res per holding. But in Johnston's Geineral Gnzeteor,' published in 1871, I find the cultivated land of these five counties given as 3,GGT,000 acres, or nearly four times as much as iMr. Tukg gives ; while the total area is nearly double this, or 0,141,000 acres; and it is well known that a portion of nountain land added to a holding will often make all the difference between comfort and starvation. If the land of Ireland is thus thrown freely open to the peasants of Ireland, to be hoeld at fair rents, on a Reoure tenure, and in adequate quantities, no more will be heard of poronnial destitution. This is the only way to right the wrongs of long years of oppression and an unbroken succession of evictions and confiscation, and till this is done no reinedy will be found for distress and famine in Ireland." 