PRIMITIVE METHODIST CHURCH. THE Sermons in connection with the anniversary of the above church were preached on Sunday last in the morning and evening by the Rev. B. Kenny, and in the afternoon by the Rev. R. Selldrs. A large congregation was present on each occasion. On Tuesday evening THE ANNUAL TEA-1EiETING was held in the school-room adjoining the church. The tables were given and waited upon by the: following ladies :--Mesdames' Morgan, Grunsell,: Divall, W. Brown, Bradford, James, and Miss Aldridge; and the excellent character and large variety of the edibles did them great credit. The attendance was so large, that it was found impossible to accommodate all at one sitting, and those who came late had to wait until the first arrivals had appeased the cravings of appetite. After the good things had been discussed, A PUBLIC OMEETING was held in the church, which was comfortably filled by a large and respectable audience. Pro ceedings were commenced by singing the 39th hymn, after which the Rev. B. Kenny engaged in prayer. Mr. D. Kadwell then, at the invitation of the Rev. G. James, took the chair. He said he did not feel well qualified for the position and although some people felt pleased at occupying the chair at a meeting he could assure them that he did not. However, he would do his best. They were well aware that some four years ago they built this church in which they were in. The friends in Goulburn were very good in helping them in the work, for which they were very thankful. A great deal of money had been paid, but at present there was a debt of £760 on the building. There was a debt on the parsonage also, but they had not to do with that that night. Towards the erection of the church many had promised good sums of money and paid them. He himself had promised £50, and given £74, besides promising £10 a year on condition that £100 a year were paid off the debt. But they did not read that sum, and last year which was worse than any before, they only managed to make enough to pay the interest. As time went on expenses increased, and it was his desire that they should get some friends of the same mind as himself to do something to diminish the debt. He did not like being in debt; it was his disposition and he was thankful for it.. That night they were met together for the purpose of reducing the debt if possible. He was not a rich man himself, and the reasons he could give a few pounds sometimes were various he did not belong to any club nor to any life insur ance society ; none of his family went to the Sydney exhibition: none of them had a watch, neither had he; he had two horses, but no saddle; and these was not a piece of music in his house, nor a har- monium. For years past he had given from £35 to £40 a year to the church. He did not say this boastingly, but from something that had been said he felt obliged to clear himself. They could see the importance of the work in hand, and he would feel glad of any help. There was a reality in religion, and all who believed in that should try and support it. He was not a member of the church as he used to be, for he had reasons for leaving; but he believed in Christ as his Saviour, and amidst all his blunderings and mistakes kept in his heart the reality of religion. Let them play their parts as men and women and come out on the Lord's side, working on to the end in the hope that they would receive a good reward. The choir, under the leadership of Mr. Crund well, sang "Stand by till the morning" in a highly creditiable manner. Miss Kezia Grunsell acted as accompanist in this and all the subsequent selec- tions, and fulfilled her duties satisfactorily. The Rev. G. James was very glad to meet his old friend the chairman once more and to find that he still felt such an interest in the cause of God. In passing through life, many things occurred which one could wish were otherwise; but he thought that life to a very great extent was what they made it themselves, it was really very dis couraging when one had done his best and tried his very utmost to serve the cause, and saw no fruits of their labours, and found people took no interest in the cause with them. Twelve months, or nearly so, had passed away since he arrived in Goulburn as minister of this church. Some 12 or 14 years ago he had laboured in the Goulburn cir cuit, and he had passed through a number of changes since then, benefiting a great deal, he was thankful to say, by what he had experienced. He found sometimes that experience was a very dear teacher; but there was no other way in which God could teach some of them what they wanted to know, for it was only humiliating circumstances sometimes that softened their feelings. He came amongst them under not very favourable circum stances. What with the people in the church, and the people outside the church-prejudiced to some extent, he really thought for a number of months he was looked upon as a kind of interloper; but he must say now, as he stated last year, it was no choice of his own. He was appointed by the District Meeting, the highest authority which they had in New South Wales; but he was beginning now to imagine that there were some who after till -looked upon him as the minister of this church. He was sure there were some outside who would have been glad to set his back. There was one section of the Christian church in Gnulburn to whom he felt thankful; they had assisted him very largely to get this beautiful church and also the parsonage, which were a great credit to the people and to the denomination-- their Wesleyan friends had helped them consider ably. There were others and others still, that helped to make capital out of the unpleasant affair which occurred a little more than twelve months ago, and the hints and inuendoes which are uttered from time to time in certain quarters have not been of the very pleasantest character to him-when; he went to his own people and found they had been visited by some one who told them they had been kidnapped, and all that sort of thing. He believed in methodism with all his heart, and if other people believed in anything else they had a perfect right to do so; in this free country he did not think they ought to take it upon themselves to day where certain people should go to church. Wherever. Jesus Christ was preached and had His ministers, they deserved encouragement and respect. He had had a bishop's hands on his head, therefore he was all right; but those unfortunate men who had not been so honored could take courage if they had the divine anointing, for the Lord blessed the sec- tion of the church to which they belonged Though the years of his ministry had extended for a very long period the last years had always been the best, and he trusted this would be the case if Goulburn should be his last station. Their suc cess depended in a great measure upon the sym pathy of the members of the church. They had little to fear from without if the members were united to one another, hearing one another's burthens, speak- ing well of one another and never speaking ill of each other. If they were only united and said their prayers earnestly and in faith and persevered in every good work, God would bless them and lift upon them the light of his counstenance. He had no report to read, but a financial statement and he thought that while on his feet he might say a few words. He might say that he had received very much kindness from the friends during the past year, and personally he had nothing to complain of in that respect. He did not know that he had been treated more kindly in any station that he had been in than in Goulburn during that time and he was, pleased to make the statement. He found that when they disagreed there was not such a dogged determination on the-part of the members of the congregation to have their way as some people would make out. He hoped; that this feeling would continue and that God's blessing would rest upon them all. The account he had to read was as follows: Treasurer's Accounts for the year ending December 31st, 1882. BUILDING FUND. Receipts £ s.. d. Donatins .... .... .............. 32 10 0 Profits of Tea-meeting, &c..............; . 27 0 0 Pew Rents ................................ 26 0 0 Raised by the choir for singer's gallery 15 0 0 Raised bystipend, including Missionary money and Sabbath-School Fund 299 5 0 Total income ......... £399 15 0 Disbursements : Interest................................ 54 12 6 For gas and cleaning chiirch .......... ,20 10 9 Insurance .:............................... 3 13 0 To Treasurer:.. ........... .. ............. . 6 0 9 Singer's Gallery ............. ............. 15 0 0 Sundries ............... 0 13 0 Minister's Stipend, Sabbath. School, and other funds . .......... 294 1 0 Balance ............... ..... ... 4 6 0 Total outgo ..........399 .5 0 They would see from that that with all their difficulties he had been paid his salary and he expected to get it as much as the chairman did to geet his money for his fruit. The accounts were made up to December last. He had received some promises and some donations for that meeting. Friends who had given large donations last year were prepared to do the same this year, and they should of course expect tlhe chairman to keep his promise. After a selection entitled "Come" had been nicely rendered by the choir, The chairman called upon the Rev. B. Kenny to address the meeting, remarking that if he had not changed he should have had to call him the Rev. Father Kenny." The Rev. B Kenny felt pleased and grateful to have the privilege of being present once more at an anniversary in connection with the church. During the past year he had been many a time fearing greatly for Goulburn, and yet he did not know that he had any reason to fear He, knew that the matter was in the hands of an individual whose heart was in the right place, and whose interest and sympathies were both wedded to Methodism. When Goulburn was left vacant of course every eye was turned to Newcastle. That circuit had pressed Mr. James to stay an additional year; but notwithstanding this determination it was con sidered advisable that Mr. James should go to Goulburn. They knew that he was a man of peace, of good common sense and notwithstand ing that he had received something from the finger tips of some poor old Bishop, he had something infinitely better. He (the speaker) thought he had something better than Mr. James he had the real cream itself ; it came from the fountain head, and he remembered the very day he had been made the subject of a Bishop's manipulations. He felt glad in his heart, but what for he could not tell. As he grew up, however, he had something to contend With that a Bishop's fingers could not quieten and when at the age of 21 he was led to a Methodist. chapel where an earnest man was preaching, he felt that the Bishop's fingers were of little use to him. He then felt his sin, and he was led by good priests and loving hearts, to the feet of Jesus. They all admitted that Mr. James was the minister of the Primitive Methodist Church in Goulburn, and every one who was in the habit of attending the sanctuary Sabbath after Sabbath would feel that he was a minister of the Lord Jesus. He received his authority from the proper quarter. When he the Rev. Mr. Kenny) was converted to God, there was an impulse given him to manifest an interest in the salvation of his fellow- creatures. The Lord qualified him for preaching the gospel and he had souls for his ministry and though he had a thousand Bishops' hands on his head, with out the anointing of the Holy Ghost he would never have been successful in leading a sinner to Christ. That was what they all wantedd which would set their hearts aflame with love to God and with love to perishing humanity. (The Rev.gentleman here related an andedote of a depraved drunkard who had been brought to a knowledge of the saving power of Christ.) A bad man is turned inside out when the Lord Jesus renews him and gives him race and strength to overcome his besetiments and to adorn the doctrines of God his Saviour in good things .:They grieved tohear of the little affair that oncurred 12 months ago; and "he thought to himself that the three happiest years of his ministry in New South 'Wales were spent in Goulburn, and that he never had to deal with a more kindhearted set pf men than the Primitive Methodist officers of the Goulburn station. From the time he left Goul burn until he reached Sydney he had not a dry eye, but wept all the way. He felt it was not just the thing that such men should be talked of in the manner in which they had been. The party con nected with it was one of his best friends and a fine young man when he first knew him. But they were liable to change; some of them made a good change and some a bad one. It was a good change when they fled from the worship of Satan to the worship of the living God; God had a work for every man to do, and he believed that his place for doing his work was where the good had converted his soul., He did not know where he would have been that day if he had not been backed up by the Primitive Methodists. He had no idea where he would go if he left Primitive Methodism, and he would, not get back on the same road of the old shop that God hlad delivered him from. He believed in getting nearer and nearer to the foun tain of the source of truth. He hoped the year in which they were about to enter would be a success ful one, and he had no doubt if they banded them selves together and were determinied by the Lord's help to have their own souls blesed that they would he made a blessing to others around them They wanted the baptism of the Holy Ghost. To have a renewal of God's work they must get revived themselves and never attempt to bring others to Jesus until they were fitted by his presence and power to do it. With regard to that money, he believed there was wealth in the congregation and hearts disposed to help in reducing the debt. He prayed God that His presence and blessing might rest upon them for His names sake, The choir then gave the anthem "The Earth is the Lord's fairly. The Rev. Mr. Sellors thought that they had every reason to be glad at having sucb a large gathering as they had that night. He was pleased to be there. He was glad, too, when he found that the Rev. Mr. James was appointed to the Goulburn Circuit; he had known him at number of years, and he hoped they would never quarrel. It was not for him to refer to anything in connec tion with the history of the Primitive Methodist Church in Goulburn that may have saddened the hearts of its members ; but he thought that the best men had not gone. If they had given a good man occasionally he was glad they had done it, because if they had been giving men who were not their best they would take them as a sample and think the others were all alike. It may be that they were gradually bringinig about the time when they should all be united and a Methodist preacher going over to another church could not forget the training he had in his old church-he could not forget the theology of Methodism, which was the theology of the New Testamient, and which God had blessed to the conversion of souls. He did not think it at all likely that a Methodist, churchman would become a broad churchman or the "high and dry" party; but be thought that he would be among the Evangelical party of the Church of Eng land. He was glad to find that from amongst their abundance they could now and then give a man who could preach without having a manuscript be fore him, and say prayers without having those written hundreds of years ago. With regard to the church, he thought they needed more of the spirit of prayer, and just as they got some of that spirit and some of the spirit of the Master within their hearts they should be brought nearer and nearer to each other. He thought that the differ ent branches of the Protestant Church throughout the world were getting nearer and nearer to each other. They would encourage each other more than they had done in the past, just as they got more of the love of the Master in their hearts. Sometimes he thought that the fear of a common enemy was really driving them together, so that they should form a compact body to resist it. He did not like to think that it was that that was doing so, for if so when the danger was past they would separate again. He rather liked to think that it was the love of the Master that was bring- ing them together--that the great Head of the church should be answered that they should be one in heart and one in sympathy, and do more towards lifting up the masses outside the church. He was glad to hear that they had prospered in this church. Let them remember that in the church of God their strength for work did not de pend upon their numerical strength. In connection with all their churches he thought they wanted more active service day by day on the part of every member. They would not he as powerful as they should, be until every member of the church felt his responsibility to Christ, and each one felt that he had a work to do for God, and that he had to do it in the right spirit. When they understood that he was quite sure that in all their churches they would have far greater prosperity. Differences of opinion .had been referred to John Wesley believed in that; he said' "`What right have I to differ with a man because he wears a wig and I my own hair ? but if he takes it off and dusts me with it then we must separate." They would have differences of opinion, and they must thank God they had those differences of opinion in the Protestant Church. They did not maintain a dead uniformity,' and had the right of private judgment, and they would not surrender it. (The rev. speaker here related an amusing anecdote, about the Bishop of Norwich and the Bishop of London, and deduced from it the-lesson of the language of the heart ) Not very long ago he was at a meeting in which it was spoken about "putting on the jam;" well, they did notwant to jam themselves all, over, but they could express their sympathy in a kindly way. He did not think that the mission of Primitive Methodism was established. He did not say that, they were in mourning because they had lost one minister; and somehow they seemed to got on just as well with one as another. He would say that if for doctrinal reasons a man wished to leave the church, and found his views met in some other church; he would far rather see him do t than go into some secular work, for he believed that he was called to the ministry by God. With regard to the itinerancy and other things in connection with Methodism, which were so trying to some men if they thought they could do better elsewhere, if they thought that with a gown on they could preach better than with a coat on, if they thought they could have more influence' with the people, then he would have no objection to it. He hoped they would have a kindly feeling for those who had left; but he did not like a man to say of the church that had made him what he was that day that had made him so fit for work with others, so gladly welcomed in that church - he did not like to think he has an unkind word to say of that church. With best wishes for the success of that, church and for the success of every agency in connection with that church, and with the earnest desire of Mr.James and himself would live to see the day when all travellers of Methodism would be one throughout Australia and throughout the world, he would resume his seat. A collection was then taken up, and the Rev. Mr. James earnestly solicited donations towards the building fund' of the church, and received in money and promises, the following :-The chair man, £10 ; Mr. T. Grunsell, £5 ; Mr. A. Cole, £1; Mr. H. Kadwell, £5;5 ;Mr. Harris, £1; Mr. M'Fall, 10s;,. Mr. P. Grunsell, £1 ; and Mr. Finigan, £1.ls; Mr. Morgan also intimated his intention to give, but the sum was not named. Votes of thanks were carried by acclamation to the ladies, on the motion of Mr. T. Grunsell, seconded by Mr. Morgan to the choir, on the motion of Mr. . Brown, seconded by the Rev. R Sellors; to the chairman, on the motion of the Rev. B. Kenny, seconded by Mr. Nesbitt; and to the Rev. B Kenny and R. Sellors, on the motion of Mr. Grunsell, seconded by Mr. W. Cruudwell." The chairman duly acknowledged the honor, and the Rev. R. Sellers replied on behalf of himself and Mr. Kenny. The choir then sang another selection after which the benediction was pronounced and the meeting closed. 