TO WE TALK. A London cablegram announces the ap pointment of a successor to tho lato Sir Arthur Kennedy, as Governor of Queens land. The natives of Borneo are reported to have butchered tho staff of tho North Borneo Company, at Anraour. Tho number of deaths of children arising from the panic in a ball in Connty Dnrham is now stated to have been 190. The proceedings of tho local Land Board and Police Court are published on the fourth page. A lengthy sitting of tho local Land Board took place yesterday foreuoon. The application of Mr Wm. Murray for a site on the north bank of the Barwon River, for a hosiery factory, was postponed until tho next board, by consent. Aid. Martin and Cr. Price attended on behalf of the Town Council, and urged that tho matter should be deferred as the council desired to give it a little consideration. The date of the next board has not been fixed, but from what tho land officer said, it seems that there will not be another sitting for the next two months. A private telegram from Adelaide states that tho result of the trial of the Rov. Geo. A. Palmer, Congregational minister; has been a verdict of " honorable acquittal." It has been decided by tho local Land Board to recommend that the Anakie and Darriwil farmers' commons should be abo lished from tho 1st October next. Tho County Court bailiff (William Pitta way) summoned G. W. Goodwin, wine and spirit merchant, for illegally rescuing certain goods seized by him under a process issued by tho court named 5 and also proceeded against Goodwin's son for an assault. The case arose out of : the attempted seizure, on two occasions of a hoi so and vehiclo belong ing to Goodwin. It was clearly shown during the hearing that Pittawsyjhad not produced his authority for making the seizure on the first occasion, and that Good win had not been legally made aware that bis property bad been officially seized the second time; and the cases were dismissed, with £4 4s costs against the bailiff, the Police Magistrate remarking that he had made the seizure iu a most careless fashion, Xho young man Manns Diamond, who was arrested on warrant'on Friday night on a charge of havingfunlawfully assaulted Mrs Field, landlady o£ the Supremo Court Hotel, Myers-street, and was remanded on Satur day until yesterday, was brought up at the Police Court yesterday morning and again remanded until Friday next, bail being allowed in his father's recognisance of £50. Last evening from thirty to forty gentle men met in the Victoria hotel with a view to arranging for a return ball to Mr John Stuart Jackson. Mr E. J. Jones was voted to the chair. The date fixed upon was ISth July, and the place the Exhibition Building. A provisional committee, comprising thirty members, was appointed ; and Messrs Jas, Munday, J. H. Staureogbi, W. Summers senior, H. J. Riohardson,and R. M. Mercer, were elected a sub-committoe, with Mr • W. P. Carr as hon. treasurer, and Mr F. Liv ingston as hon. secretary, to see to necess ary details. Mrs Mary Bradley, aged 50 years, resid ing in Yarra-street, slipped on hor doorstep yesterday, and in falling put out ber right hand to save herself, the result being that she sustained a sprained wrist. She subse quently attended at the hospital, and had the sprain reduced. . The sitting of the Police Court yesterday morning was a rather lengthy one, the time of the magistrates being occupied principally with two assault cases and one of illegal rescue. A report of the business appears elsewhere. At the recent University examination the pupils of Flinders School have again ac quitted themselves well, eight having passed the Civil Service and six the Matriculation examination, a larger number ot passes than that gained by any other school in the colony. The following are the names of the successful candidates :—Passed Civil Ser 'vico examination — Christina Patorson, | Helen Alice Peters, Frank Allen, Alexander James Anderson, Thomas lanehan, Thomas Barry Molomby, Robert de Brace Johnston Shirra, Frederick Clenoross Swift; passed Matriculation examination—Emily Blanche Mooro, Christina Paterson, Helsn Alice Peters, Frank Allen, Alexander James Anderson, Thomas Barry Molomby. A clever and smart capture of a thief was effected by Constable Wickam yssterday morning. At eight o'olook Mr W. J. Dunn, proprietor of Dnnn's Clnb Hotel, gave infor mation at the lockup that a coat, valned at £3, had been stolen from his hotel. The case was placed in Wickam's hands, and at ten minutes to nine o'clock he had traced the coat to Mr Brandt's pawnshop, and had arrested a young man named Alfrod Leveo, who was identiSed by Mr Brandt as ths person who had left the coat in pledge, Wickam, who had his man safe in the lockup at the time mentioned, subsequently brought him before the Polios Conrt, and had him remanded until to-morrow. The celerity and cleverness shown by Constable Wickam 'in this case deserve commenda tion. < By-a special and ordinary trains from Coiac yesterday about 1800 sheep and" 40 head of cattle were brought to Gcelong. Joseph Eckland, the 'sufferer by the Mount Moriao gunshot accident, took a pro nounced favorable turn yesterday, and was progressing favorably last evening. An agreement has been arrived at by the chemists and druggists in the town and Buburbs to close their business establish ments at nine o'clock each evening, except on Saturdays. The new arrangement will come into force on the 1st July. The shutters will also be put up on each Thurs day afternoon to be in keeping with the general half-holiday movement. In our advertising columns it is intimated that at any hour during the day or night cases o' emergency will be duly attended to. The farmers in the Little Biver district, it seems, are still persevering in thoir efforts to induce the Minister of Bailways to grant some reduction in the railway freights for the carriage of bay and straw. The corres pondence on both sides still continues, only recently a letter being received from the Railway Department, stating that any " special concession would not be granted to the farmers of Little Biver." The hay growers of that district indignantly repu diate ever having made such claim, asserting that their solo object is to agitate until tbo minimum distance is raised to 30 miles and 15s per truck and sixpence per mile addi tional. If there is to; be any prospect of auccese other districts should also take the matter up. The Werribee Park Handicap, at the Wyndham races on Saturday, was won by Mr T. Jones' r or oh h The Ghost, ridden by O'Brien; and not by Cassiopeia. Mr T. Chirnsido's.brf Chloris (Cracknoll) was, as we stated yesterday, second, and Mr Levin's Bollo Brandon third. The protest entered in tbo Wyndbam Handicap againBt Bonnie Bee, by Mr Maitland, the owner of the seooud horsejCoriolanns, on the ground that ho had run in New South Wales nnder another name, and also at a meeting not advertised in tho Victorian Racing Colander, was subse quently withdrawn, Mr Maitland' having asoertainadjthat ho had boen incorrectly informed. On Saturday evening a pnblio meeting of residents of the township of Inverleigh was hold at tbo local mechanics' institnto for the purpose of considering tho action taken by tho Bannockburn Shire Council in endeavor ing to obtain the amalgamation of the town atul farmers' commonB with the Leigh shire commons. There wero over 20 persons present, and the chair was occupied by Mr G. Haygarth. The action of the .council was disagreed with so far as the town common was concerned, and it was unani mously decided to oppose it. Yesterday forenoon, a deputation from the meeting attended the land board sitting at the survey office in this town, and presented the resolution to tbo land officer. The opposi tion took tho representatives of .the Ban nookbnrn and Leigh ' shire • councils by anrprise, and it was decided to postpone the consideration of the subject until the next board. It is announced in our adveftiiing columns that a grand concert will be given ' at the Exhibition Hall on Friday evening, tho 29th inst. A most attractive programme has been issued, and we may safely predict a musical treat of a high order. Amongst the artistes who are to take part in the entertainment we notice the name of Signora Tambnrini Coy. This lady has long and deservedly been one of the established favorites with the public, and her name alone ought to crowd the house. On a futuro occasion we shall refer to other artistes engaged and also to tho grand programme. In the meantime we may mention that' notwithstanding the great expense incurred the management have decided to adhere to, the usual charges for admission. Mr W. P. Carr sold by auction yesterday Mr M'Innes's cottage and land 'in William street, Newtown, for the sum of £68 10s ; and also, by auction, a few days' previously, a house and land in Kilgonr-street east, for £130. The 1.3. Liodus (Captain Deary), after un loading 1100 tons of coal at the Bailway pier, drew out into the bay at ajquartor to four o'clock yesterday afternoon and steamed away to Melbourne with 1000 tons of ooa for the metropolis. During the voyage of tho CaMdouien to Adelaide a Beaman fell from aloft and was killed. ■ ' Mr G. S. Titheradgo, the well known actor,: has obtained a divorce from bis wife. A man named John MoIIoy dropped down dead in the bar of the Royal Standard Hotel, Sydney, oa Saturday night. A largo number of counterfeit coins, mostly representing half-crowns and florins, are in active circulation in Adelaide. The health of Mr Joseph Clarke is re" ported by his medical adviser, Dr. Mother' well, to bo still improving. The s.s. Sorata bad nine cases of measles on board during her voyage, but all the patients had recovered before she reached tho Heads on Friday night. • Four members of a family named Benson, at Coburg, have died from typhoid fever within ten days. Two others aro now down with it. Tho cause would appear to bo a very filthy cow-yard. 