j^; POPULAR FALLACIES. THAT WE SHOULD RISE WITH THE LARK. [Bt Chables LAiiB.j At what precise minute that little airy musician doffs his night gear, and prepares to tune up his unseasonable matins, we are not naturalists enough to determine. Bat for a mere.humane gentleman — that has no orchestra business to call him from his warm bed to such preposterous exercises — we take tea, or half after ten (eleven of course, daring this Christmas solstice), to be the very earnest nour at which ne can begin to think of abandoning his pillow. To think of it, we say ? for to do it in earnest, requires another half-hours' consideration. Not but there are pretty sunrisings, as we are told, and such liked gawds, abroad in the world, in summer time especially, some hours before what we have assigned; which a gentleman may see, , as they say, only for getting up. Bat, having been tempted once or twice in earlier life, to assist at those cere monies, we confess our curiosity abated. We are no longer ambitious of being the sun's courtiers, to attend at his morning levees. We hold the good hours of the dawn too sacred to waste them upon such observances ; which have .in them, besides something Pagan and Persie, To say the truth, we never anticipated our usual hour or get np with the sun (as 'tis called), to go* a journey, or upon a foolish whole . day's pleasuring, but we suffered for it all the Istmrr Vi-tiit*a off At* in liaMocvnooo **nA it — « J aches ; Nature herself sufficiently declaring her sense of our presumption, in aspiring to regulate our frail walking courses by the* measure of that celestial^' and sleepless traveller. We deny not that there is some thing sprightly and vigorous, at the out-set especially, in these' break-of -day -excursions. - It is flattering to get the start of a lazy world; ' to conquer death by proxy in his image But the seeds, of sleep and mortality are in us ; and we pay usually in strange qualms before night faiis, the penalty of the Un natural inversion. Therefore, while the busy part of mankind are fast' huddling on. their clothes, are already up and about their occupations, content to have swallowed bueir oieep ujr wuuicaaic we tuuuae fcu linger a-bed, and digest our]; dreams. It is the very time to recombin* the wandering images, which night in a confused mass presented : to scratch them from forget ful aess, to shape and mould them. , Some people have no good of their dreams,* Like fast feeders, they gulp them too grossly, to taste them curiously. We love to chew the end of foregone Visions : to collect the sc ittered rays of a brighter phantasm, or act over again, with firmer nerves, the sadder nocturnal tragedies ; to drag into day-light a struggling .and half- vanished nieht-mare ; to handle and examine the terrors of the airy solaces. We have too much respect for these spiritual communications, to !et them g3 so lightly. We are not so stupid, or so careless as that Imperial forgetter of hi? dreams, that we should need a sneer to remind us of the form of, them. They seem tp as to have as much significance as our waking con cerns ; or rather to import us more nearly as more nearly we approach by years to the shadowy world, whither we are hasten ing. We have shaken hands with the world's business ; we have done with it, we have discharged ourselves of it. Why should we get up ; we ' have : neither suit to solicit, nor affairs « to manage. The drama has shut /u upon us at the forth act. We hare nothing here to except, but in a short time a sickrbed, and a dis missal. We delight to anticipate death by such shadows as night affords. We are already half acquainted with ghosts. We were never much in the world. Dis appointment early struck a dark veil between us and its darling illusions. Oar spirits showed gray before our hairs. The mighty changes of .the world already appear as bat the vain stuff out of which dramas are composed. We have asked no more of life than what the mimic images in play-houses present us with. Even those types have waxed fainter. Our clock ap pears to have struck. We are Sopjbr annuated. In this dearth of mundane satisfaction, we contract political alliances with shadows. Jt is good to have friends at court. The abstracted me4ia oi dreams seem no ill introduction to that spiritual presence, upon which, in no long time, we expect to be thrown. We are trying to known a jjttJe of the usages of that colony ; to learn 'the' l$Qguag0f an4 the faces we shall meet with there, that we maj be the them. We will willingly call a phantom our fellow, as knowing we shall soon be of their d#rk companionship. Therefore/ we cherish dreams.; We try to spell in* them the alphabet of the invisible vrovH } and we think we know already how ifc shall be with us, Those uncouth shape*, which, while we clung to flesh and blood, affrighted us, have become familiar. We feel attenu ated into their meagre essences, and have given the hand of half-way approach to incorporeal being, We ones thought life to-be something ; but it has unaccountably 'alien from us before its time. Therefore we ct^q§e to dally with visions, The sun has no purposes tf oars to light us to. Why should we ge|;uu? High-priced Etching.— A sensation was caused on Thnrsday; May 10, during the sale of Dr Griffith's collection of old prints in London, by the appearance of the almost unique 'first state' of Rembrandt's portrait of Dr. Arnoldus Tholine*, otherwise called 'The Advocate of Tolling,' or 'Petrus Van To; ' This codv is one of. four or five known impressiens, of which ^three are in pablic museums ; and it has a history which is weh known tojall Rembrandt collectors. The previoas lot had had sold for £33, bat when the Tholinex came on, the' auc- tioneer at once offered to begin the biddiag at £500. The challenge was accepted by Messrs Colnaghi, and between them and M, Clement, of Paris, and the contest was continued up to about £800. Then S the former competitors retired, and their place was taken by Mr. Noseda, who fought the Frenchman step by step till £1,100 was reaohed, the excitement in the room being whosed by repeated cheers At last Mr. Noseda withdrew ; and the battle was taken up by Mr. Addington, the veteran collector, who amid applause bid. £1,200, and so on up to £1,500. At this point even he was baten, and the French dealer oarried off the treasure at the price of £1,510, which is JE230 more than has ever oeen paia ior » print before.* It is understood that M. Clement waa buying for M. Dutuit, the celebrated Rouen amateur, and the author of the beat existing bopk on old prints and etchings ; who is, moreover, the owner of the print that had previously been the highest price in existence, the first state Of the 'Hundred. Guilder piece,' for which he paid £1,180 some years ago. It may be added that Dr. Griffiths' splendid impression of jfoe second state of that print sold on Thursday for £305 j his 'Landscape with a Tower' (on Indian paper), for £308 ; and and his ''Burgomaster,' for4»5Q5-wall ertra« ordinary prices. CAVE Cakbm !— Bffie — ' Aren't you afraid my big dog M eat you ?' * Stranger (very «.u « ? « He woaldn'o maksj much of a meal off me, my d^r',' JEfiW* My big dog Messrs Meager and Co., of Bathurst, gave a banquet lately in their new premises to nearly 2,50$ guests. The surplus of poultry, joints, confectionery, etc, supplied a handsome donation to the Bathurst orphanage. Mr. Meager in the course of a speech, in which he responded to a toast of ' the host and hostess,' said when be started in business he had not enough money tapay for his shop fixtures, but he had started with the determination to be able to ride in his own carriage.' As one of the secrets o£ his wonderful success he adverted to advertising. 'From the fully comprehended its full value and knew that by advertising freely he was talking to immense numbers, and whatever the state of trade, iu sunshine or rain, his messengers were faithfully soliciting trade for him in all directions.' Change from Darkness to LloKT,— An old negro women in Pennsylvania, who was born blind, has recently received her sight by removal of the cataraot. When the bandage was first removed, the patient barter? vinlp.ntlv. and cried out as if with fear, and for a moment was quite nervous from the effects of the shock. For the first time in her life she looked upon the earth. The first thing she noticed was a little flock of sparrows. In relating her experience to a reporter, she said that she thought they were teacups, although, strange to say. a few .moments afterwards she readily dis 'tinguished a watch which wa3 shown her. It is supposed that' this recognition was owing to the fact ibat she heard its ticking. The blaze from a lamp excited the most lively surprise in her mind. She had 'no idea what it was, and when it was brought near her wanted to pick it up. When night approached upon the day when she first used her eyes she was in a tright, tearing that she was losing the sight Which she had so wonderfully found after sixty years of darkness. , Eating Power of Birds. — The appetite of insect-eating biids is wonderful. Accord ing to the Rev. J. G. Wood, who writes on the subject in current number of Good Words a thrush will eat at a meal the largest snail that England produces. If a man could eat as much in proportion, he would consume a who e round of beef for his dinner. The redbreast again is a most voracious bird. It has been calculated that to keep a redbreast up to his onral weight an amount of aminal food is required daily equal to an earthworm 14 feet in length. Taking a man of average weight, and measuring bulk for bnlk with the reitbre;i3t the writer tried to calculate how much food he would consume in twenty-four hours if he ate as much in proportion as the bird. Assuming a sausage 9 inches iu circum* ference to be a fair equivalent of the earthworm he found that the man would have to eat 67 feet of such sausage in every twenty-four hours. This fact is mentioned iu order to illustrate the amount of work which is doue by insect- eating bird3, and as showing the benefits accruing to the farmer thereby. 