STORYTELLER. [ THE QUEEN OF THE SEA; OR, Betrothed Sf Betrayed. CHAPTER XV. THESE 16 A MVSTEBY SOMEWHERE The first to break the spell tbat succecd [ ed Capt. Ayrtou's last exclamation was tbe marquis himself. Feeling tbe bund of tbe abbe laid upon his arm, he shook it roughly off, and looked up. His face was pale and ghastly ; bis lips bloodless and bis eyes staring. For a brief space that wild, starinc look endured, and I lieu . came a gleam of sense. Be drew a loDg breath : swept his hand across his btw, and finally spoke : ' I — I — beg you will not be alarmed. I don't know when I have had one of these spells before. Strong n ine is almost always sure to bring them on. I fell, for a little while, as though I should give up tbe ghost. And yet — it is curious — the very agent that seemed to produce the mischief is sure to give relief.' ' That's right !' cried the Englishman as Raoul poured outa glass of wine, ' It's an old saying — 'Tbe hair of the dog that bit you will cure the bite !' And I believe it.' The marquis drank tbe wine — a full goblet — and then, in an easy ofl- band manner— or in a manner which be struggled hard to make such — he said : ' You were speaking of one of those Frenchmen, from Martinique. I think you said from that island ' Yes. They had come direct from Saint Pierre when they came to uie ; aud they afterwards-confessed tome tbat they robbed the bank and killed the banker ! It was the pocked-marked one that did the killing- Jo. Jenkins.' Suddenly a great light sbone upon Raoul's face, and he breathed a long deep breath of relief. ' Was that his name ?' ' Yes — he shipped under that name ; and he'd been known by auotlier in Martinique,' ' You did not ascertain what that other name was, I suppose ?' pursued tbe marquis, with a really painful effort to appear calm and unconcerned. '0, yes. The fellow was honest enough with me ; and be trusted me, after the friendly turn I bad done bim.' Here the Englishman took another sip x-f wine ; and the marqnis followed bis ?example. Then the latter said quietly : ' I suppose there is no secret in the matter ot the man's name 7' ' Ho ! bless you I no. His real name —the name by which he was christened — und be assured me tbat he had a real Christian baptism — tbe name was — Casi- nrir Coquelle !' The abbe plainly heard every nerve in Raoul's system snap I It was as though *he last feeble strand of a rope, long weakened and worn, by wbieh he had I) -en. suspended over a fatal abyss, had suddenly given away and let him down His bands were clutched upon his knceB for a single instant, and then the right went to his cravat, and pulled at it as though it chocked him. Following this came a fierce struggle, acd an evident attempt to concentrate bis thoughts ; and presently, it looked as though be had succeeded. He reached for his wine goblet, and swallowed a generous draught — every dcop of that already drank ap parently exhausted of its stimulus by the terrible ordeal tbiough which he bad passed. Then he smiled, a faint, sickly -smile, and said : ' My friends, I could tell yon a story that would harrow up the very soul ?within you. I once had an adventure in .Dominica — an adventure in which my Jife was as good as lost more tban once, «nd in a manner most horrible — ' '? Let's have it ! Give it to us 1 cried .Ayrton, thumping his glass on the table. ' My dear Captain, you must excuse ttB ibis morning, but you shall have it at sortie time.' ' But, my lord, our time together is short. Let us have it now.' ' Upon my word, I could not tell it at this moment. I do not feel able. I will tel! it to-morrow, perhaps. But I was going an to say, when you interrupted me, I thought, when you were telling of your pocked-marked man, tbat he was the dtiinon who once waylaid nje, but I am now s;itisBed that I waB mistaken.' 'Then you have been in Dominica my rw4 ! ' ' Yes,' with a convulsive start. 'Busi- ness called me there once, a few yeais a'0. Cut I did not remain there long, 1 got enough of the island in a very short u.tie.' Up to this point tbe abbe had been BtraPgfly nervous and mentally prt.occu picd evW since the Englishman bad spoken the name of tbe man of the wonderful fice, as though a thing forgotton had -suddenly been called to Mb mind ; and : oow be ha-i collected the scattered threadB. -lie raised his beaa with an exclamation ?of satisfaction, and, with a lighting up of ?the face, he' cried : 'Oho IE have called that fellow of ynnrs to mind, Mon — your Oasimir Ooguellc.' ' O ! let the man rest !' implored Raoul, grasping the old man's knee as he spoke. ' But my dear Raoul, ho — tbisCoquelle — was ono of the men who robbed your ' father and the good count. The other robber was tbe notorious Jacques Pois -sard.' ' Ho 1' cried Ayrton. ' I have heard -of that man. Jie was engaged with Coquelle in the robbery of the bank and tbe murder of the banker. But what was it about the robbery of his lordship's father ? Eh ! Is tbe marquiB off?' The marquis bad suddenly staggered \- -i.'p tiom liis chair, and turned towards ; Jiiii state-room, staggering very much ; Jibe a drunken man. Ho overheard tbe : Tfltuav'k of the Englishman, and looked * ? back without stop] ling : « ^ shall return. My boot.? are killing And ti':en he moved on. *' Up jii my tford !' exclaimed Ayrton \--«irlien Baoul had disappeared, ' our youngfi'ietid seems to be strangely moved. What can the matter bo V ' It is not worth while to notice hiui,' returned the abbe. ' He is a strange being «t best, nnd since the ieaih of bis father he has been more odd and unac countable than ever. But you were ask ing me concerning tho robbery of tbe elder marquis. Tho Marquis de St. Andre ami tln» Count de Lancy — fa'her of this ladv [Ayrton bowed to Juliet admiringly] — woro in possession of n large sum of uionay — I think a thousand ounces of gold — besides a lot of valuable jewels. The property was iu a safe in the office of the count — or tho two nobleman used the office iu common together — and into that safe the robbers broke their way with pick-lock and gun powder, and carried off everything ex I cnangeaoJe value which it contained. Subsequently some of the jewels were fo'.iud iu B isse-Terre, and others were discovered iu Martinique, and from that wo learned who bad done tho robbery — Jacques Poissard and Caisiwir Coquelle. Officers were put upou their track, and large rewards offered for their apprehen sion, but alt to no purpose. They were not found.' ' And now,' suggested Algernon, who bad thus far been a silent looker-on, ' we can understand how they contrived to evade the hundreds who were looking for them. Verv likelv thev wore all the I while moving about under the very noses of their pursuers, so throughly disguised tbat detection was impossible.' '* That is it, be sure,' said Ayrlon. Shortly after this our hero arose, and excused himself, saying that bo must take a look on deck. Aud after ho had gone tho Englishman chatted with the abbe for a little time, 'trying to introduce the subject of tho marquis's strange behavior, hut upon tbat point the old churchman would not be drawn out ; and so, ere lonq, the pris oner thought he would seek liis rest. 'I'm afraid I shan't s'cep much,' he said, ' but 1 can tiy the bunk anyhow. Ah t I didn't think of this last night at this time I' And with that he arose, and baring bidden the abbe and Juliet good-night, he sought tbe state-room forward of the main cabin which had been assigned to him. No sooner had our heroine been left nione with her dear old fr'end and guar dian tban she sprang to his side, and caught him by the arm, nnd then sank into tbe seat which tbe marquis had occu pied. '01} Abbe! — dear father! — what does it all mean ? What ails Raoul 1 What has ho had to do with those mur derers and robbers?'' The old man drew the quivering girl's head upon his bosom, and smoothed tbe hair away from her brow. ' My blessed child, let us not suspect too much. We know not what tbe facts may be.' ' Ah ! but,' she cried, vehemently, 'you have your thoughts. You think something. What is it 7 0, tell me ! What do you think of it all ?' ' Indeed, dear child. I know not what to think. I—' ' Stop ! Stop ! Look into my eyes, Abbe ! Look me straight in tho face ! There : Mow tell me, — Do not your thoughts take form and shape in your mind ? O ! I know they do ! Tell me ; Do you not think Raoul has been engaged with these wicked inen ? — that he has been one of them ? 0 ! — Is not that the whole secret of his fears ? When he b told us his escaping from the military arm while on parole, has ho not told falsely, in order to cover up the terrible truth of his escape from the officers of justice ! 0 ! tell me !' The abbe quivered from head to foot. The first direct insinuation — or, in fact condemnation — of the girl bad staitled him marvellously. By and by he took both her hands, and looked into her face beseechingly. ' Juliet ! Let us reflect upon it. Raoul may havo been wild and reckless. He may have been drawn into association with had men ; hut let us not condemn him unheard. I will converse with him; and if tbe truth is to bo found, I will find it. There, — now go to your rest, dear child. Deaven bless and keep you !' ' Alas I how sad and drear the future looks ! My Father in Heaven will not take me to Himself. O ! how I have prayed that the end might come !' ' Hush ! Hush, swent one. Such thoughts are impious ! Buware, Juliet. Goi looks into the heart when He judges His children. Do not let Him find self murder in your heart !' A sharp low cry of agony broke from tbe poor girl's lips as she again grasped the abbe's arm. ' 0 ! dear father ! — forgive me ! Ask God to forgive me 1 — and I will hold such thoughts no more ! I promise it — I promise ! Good-night.' And with that she turned away and went to ber rest. The abbe looked after ber as she went; and when she had disappeared within her state-room and had closed the door behind her be arose to his feet and began to pace to and fro across the cabin. His swelling brow was darkly clouded ; his lips were tightly compressed, and hissuiall plump bands, clasped tightly together, he seemed to ring in the sharpness of bis agony. He bad taken but a few turns, and was begining to speak with himself, when the youthful chief appeared. Tbe latter stopped upon beboldius the the abbe and cast his gaze swiftly around the cabin. | ' Dear Abbe ! Are they all gone ? Aro you a'one ?'' 'Yes, my sou. Juliet has but just left uie.' Again our bero cast his eyes over tbo cabin ; and then, taking the old man by the arm, he drew him aft, to tbe transom lounge, where tbey sat. Tbo youth was pale, and care-worn in look ; his eyes strangely lighted, as by Bros tbat burned in their uttermost depths ; while the hand which be laid upon his companion's arm trembled violently ' Abbe 1 Mark' my wonIb : Raonl do Saint Andre is a villian.' His voico was but a whisper, bnt its volume of I power D1.'8 ' 1 tel1 y°u-— is n villain. He has boen engaged with villains — with robbors and murderers Algernon ! — My son !' ' Do not violate your own conscience pood father ! 1 tell you, ho is a villain ! llo has been in company with those men whose names Captain Ayrton spoke — Poissard Cobuelle. He has been their partner, — their accomplice ! I t was feur of being dotected as a robber and murderer tbat mado liiin so fearful of being seen and recogniz 'd by thn ollicors of the frigate I Abbe I — shall such a man be suffered to blight and curse that bright puro being whose welfare is your sacred charge? Shall he — sba'l bo bo suffered to drag her down into the slough ami de gradation of his own miserable life 1 — 01 Abbe ! You will not — you date not — allow it so to l-e I' The old man was powerfully affectcj. Yet lie strovo to put back the uprising emotion, and to appear calm and col lected. ' Algernon ! — Dear boy ! — Be calm ; bo reasonable. It is a fearful thing to eharge a fellow-creature with such aw ful crimes, when we havo no proof.' 'No proof! — Abbe, how much proof would you ask ? And, tell me : Would you allow his denial to influence you in your judgment? How easy it is to deny! Already we have found him lying ! We know it.' ' No, no, Algernon. We cannot say tbat wo know it. Let not your emotions carry you away. 0 ! iny son!— Bear, dear boy ! — I suffer with you, believe me; and am us anxious that the right fliould he done. But — ' ' But,' broke in the suffering youth, almost fiercely, at the same time grasp iug tho abbe's arm wilh convulsive energy, ' answer me this' : If you were to Bud that he had been engcagod with those outlaws in their wickedness, would you suffer Juliet to become his wife 1 Answer ! Answer !'' The old man shook like a wind-riven oak ; and it was plain to lie seen that bis heart was full to overflowing. He could not feel with the younger man ; and yet lie could sympathise with him ; because he could remember when ho had been young himself. But now ase bad taken off the sharp angles of feeling, aud he fully realized tbe responsibility that rested upon him as conservator of the will and purpose of tbe road I ' Algernon, I must be governed by my judgment of what the man is : not of what he has been. It is a cruel thing to bring agaiust a poor, weak mortal tbe sins of whicb he has honestly repented. Let us sleep upon it, my son. Go, seek your rest, and calmly reflect. Put your self iu Raoul's placo, and ask what you would wish others to do towards you you under the circumstances.' ' O, Abbe 1 Abbe !' cried the youth, with tierce bitterness, ' what a task you give me — to place myself in the position of a robber and murderer 1' ' Algernon J Stop You are now accusing !' ' Aye ! and I do accuse ! I accuse Raoul de Saint Andre of being an accomplice of those murderous men ; and I dare to assert before my Father in Heaven that upon bis own head a price had been set ! Aye — start, if you will ! I teel it I I know it ! And you ask me to put myse'f in his place !' The aged ecclesiastic passed a band over his throbbing heart and groaned aloud. He wa3 painfully affected ; his agony daep and poignant ; and presently big tears started from his quivering lids, and coursed down his furrowed cheeks. ' My son ! My son ! If you love me — if you would Bpare uie an agony tbat rends my heart — let this rest until to morrow. I will tako back that request And yet, 0! my beloved son, you can take to yourself a thought of how you would wish others to do unto you is yon bad been wrongfully traduced. Yon can Jo that. There — good night. Let me go, God keep you, my son, and bless you, now and evermore !' And with this tho abbe broke away aud went to bis state-room, staggering as be went like one whose limbs bad been stricken with palsy. Algernon stood for a time where the churchman had left him ; and tben turned slowly towards his own apartment; but be stopped before lie reached it; and after a moment's thought turned again and went on deck. The night was clear, with only a light, fleecy cloud here and there ; the s'ars twinkling brightly in the o'erarching mull, and a crescent mnon just sinking into the bed of waters upon tbe western horizon. Tbe time-keeper had struck Bve bells as the captain came up — Imlf- [)ast ten — and Saint-Just, who had taken tbe place of Adams, bad at that moment gone to the taffrail for the purpose of throwing the log. It was thrown, and tbe result was tcry nearly eight knotn. The wind had changed but slightly, having veered a little to tho southward, so that tho nhip now had it a very little abaft the beam. Tbe brig lay upon the weather quarter, not more tban an eighth of a mile dis tant, and the ' bone in her teeth' was plainly to be seen as she ploughed through tbe water, tossing the phosphorescent foam away to loeward in graceful curves, while her broad sails and tapering spars, and network of rigging stood revealed against tho starry background like a pic ture throsn by a magic lantorn. For a little time, as hn gazed, the youth almoBt forgot bis great sorow. The sight of his priz», and tbo thought of the plaudits that would sound in hie ears when tbo wondrous story had been told on shore, filled bis soul, and occupied hia mind completely. But only for that little lime. When he had turned away, and his gaze rested upon the lights of tho cabin, tbo dark thoughts and the pain came back. He went down upon the berth-deck, forward where tho prisoners were ; and while there ho thought of tho man of whom Cnpt. Ayrton had told — CasimirCoqucllo — and he was strongly tempted to hunt him up and speak with him ; but upon re/Jeotiou be concluded to let it bo uniil thp morrow, when be could ht^o daylight to guide him, and had had more time for calm and fjcurobing thought, So bo looked n ? tnli'e ; and having directed the sentinels — two of them — to grant any' reasonable request, and to answer any call for nid thnt might bo done without neglect of duty, ho returned to tho deck, and thence j to his rest. And be was tired enough for rest ; so tired that his great sorrow waB very quickly buriel in oblivion after bis head had pressed the pillow. Eight bells struck, and tbe mid-watch to see that tho Englishman were comfor was callod. A little time of bustle while tbe watches were exchanging, and then all was quiet again, save tbe regular pacing to and fro of tho officer-of-the-dock and the occasional creakiug of a spar or the rattling of t- block iu a rigging. Half an hour after midnight tho door of liaoul's state-room was opened, and he looked out into the cabin. Tbe hanging lamp over the chart-table was burning, aud tbat was all of light. J-To one was there. He made himself sure of this, then stepped back aud put on a light overcoat and a cap ; then cauie out, care fully closing the door behind bim ; then give one swift, anxiousglance around tind then, stealthily and noiselessly, crossed the cabin and ascended to tbe deck. (To be Continued.) 