THE SANDHURST ELECTION. {To the Editor of 'he Bcntluja Adnrtiscv ) | Sir,—Having read tho report of tho Indepen dent Election Association's meeting I was sur prised to find gentlemen trying to damage tlio character of the hon. R. Clark, by their making statements which .ire not true, and in language the most contumelious, would have tho electors believe that the hon. R. Clark is no longer worthy of beiiigsupported. The antecedentsof the lion, gen tleman are too well known to the electors for such persons as Mr. I. Vickers doing him any harm by his flippancy. For over IS years Mr. Clark has dono his very best to advance the interests of tho work ing men, and in his public capacity lie has over been faithful to those who placed him in that position. He has occupied the highest position in our city, as chief magistrate, and has been a member of the City Council for many years ; also a member of the council of tho School of Mines, and lias held other offices too numerous to mention hero, in all of which ho has given general satisfac tion to the citizens, and they are determined to put him into Parliament again a-s their representa tive. Adverting to the hon. R. Burrowes and Dr. Quick, tlieso two gentlemen, with Mr. Clark, have worked so well for their constituents, puttingaside all parly considerations, known as it is that their principles are tho same, i.c , liberal. The opinion of almost all with whom you converse is, tluiy liavo worked together so well to advance the interests of their constituents, they ought to have been re turned unopposed to Parliament. 1 venture to predict that at the declaration of tho poll, tho hons. R. Clark and Burrowes, and Dr. Quick, will be returned by a large majority. To tho electors I would say—gentlemen, pay 110 attention to anonymous corres|x>ndeiico; give overy. one fair plav, and voto for those you think the most qualified to look after your interest in X'arliament. I am, etc., A. STUBBS. (Per faror Kditor li lutipo A'lvr'ts v.) Sir,—Would you kindly grant mo a small space in yonr valuable paper for these few lines. The time is near at hand when we shall be called on to return three members for Parliament, and the question is who are tho fit and proper men to re present us—the men that have faithfully served us m the past. I feel that I should bo one of the most ungrateful men in the district were I to turn my back upon Messrs, Burrowes and Clark. I go to work c.t seven in tho morninp, and leave olT at three o'clock in the afternoon instead of five in evening; all thanks to Mr. Clark for this great boon, and I trust that this fact will be retained in the minds of every worRing mnn at the dav of polling. I should fancy that these election times must bo a source of great profit to see such men as Mr. White and Mr. Perry coming out, the former time after time, without the ghost of a chance; and the latter—oh deariuo! Poor Dr. Quick, 1 feel sorry for him, to see that gentleman saddled with these two poor useless men. Being a member of the Liberal Association, I was informed that Mr. James Andrew was going to join in the contest. Should this 1)0 the caso then tliero is no doubt upon my mind but that these three gentlemen, namoly, Messrs. Burrowes, Clark and Andrew, are tho men who will go in for peace, progress, and prosperity. Yours faithfully. J. M. 