AMBULANCE LECTURES. . Dr. W. C. Wilkinson yesterday afternoon delivered a lecture in connection with the above series at the School of Arts. There was a very large attendance, which was almost entirely composed of ladies. He said there were many who fancied that a nurse's life was a very easy one, and her work easy too that in fact, it was only necessary to wish to be a nurse, sod ipso facto one became possessed of all those gifts and acquirements which were deemed to be essential, he wished to kindly, but surely, dispel this vain delusion. The art of nursing was easy neither to learn nor to practise. Medicine, surgery, and hygiene were advancing by rapid strides, and as they advanced, their fair handmaid, nursing, must keep pace with them. Much indeed was required of a nurse. First she must cultivate a certain aptitude for practical work efficiency in which was only attained to after many months, or even years, assiduously spent in some hospital or home, and then to this she must add some sound theoretical knowledge. Without such knowledge She was often groping in the dark, and though chance might guide her safely sometimes, often her ignorance was the cause of serious mistake and misfortune. He would now proceed to consider what points determined the choice of a sick room. The first thought should be " is the case infectious or not?" and before entering into any details about the room it was very necessary that one should know what infection meant, in order to have some definite principles upon which to act, For the present it was enough to say that infectious diseases were those which could be directly or indirectly transmitted from man to man, and the process of transmission was called infection. The so-called infectious diseases were (omitting typhus fever) smallpox, scarlet fever, measles. German measles, influenza, ; diphtheria, hooping-cough, mump;, erysipelas, blight, and, I apart from these-, typhoid fever and cholera. How were these diseases caused' Certainly by some poison. It was probable that there was a special poison for each infectious disease, for the reason that each person bred diseases after its own kind. Scarlet fever bred scarlet fever, and never measles, and so for all the others. That was one feature in this person's modus operandi; but there was another feature which was infinitely more important. At the same time that the disease was produced by the poison, the poison itself became enormously increased and multiplied. Now this growth and s3lt-multiplication was a vital process, a process depending upon actual living beings. Dead matter could not bring about such results. These living beings had been observed in some diseases. They were vegetable, not animal, and of various shapes ; but all infinitely small, so small that a thousand could easily sleep on the point of a pin. But whence came these infectious living particles P They were produced in the body of the person suffering from their Special disease. The infectious living particles of scarlet fever were formed in the body of a scarlet fever patient. But unfortunately those particles were not content to remain confined to the body of the sick, but passed off from it by the skin, breath, and other channels. Thus clothes, bedding, and other such materials might become infected these infectious living particles insinuating them selves deeply down among the meshes of these fabrics,' there to sleep unmolested perhaps for awhile, but only again and again to be dislodged, till at length some one of them awoke to find a suitable home in the body of some sheep- : tibia person, man or child, whom it proceeded to infect with its owndiaaase, at the sums timE that it bred therein a swarming family after its own kind. Each individual of that family was as potent in giving and spreading the disease as the parent ever was. These particles did not confine themselves to clothes, but floating into the air, some fell upon the floor ; some rose to the ceilings and walls, J while others settled upon furniture, utensils, and elsewhere. A Thus the Mck room occupied by an infectious person was a literally infested with swarming" multitudes of these infectious living particles. These poisonous living particles had an affinity, a liking, for certain parts of the body. The scarlet (over poison affected the throat, the diphtheria poison did the same; measles affected the lining membrane of the nose and the tubes of the lungs : cholera y and w phoid fever, the food passages and so on. Special parts of the body therefore were susceptible to the ' influence of special persons. These parts, it would seem, afforded food and conditions suitable for the life and growth of particular prisons, and very likely it was by these parts that the poison entered and interred the body. With regard to the duration of infection, before leaving this subject, in smallpox the patient was infectious from the time the rash appeared till the scabs fell away. In scarlet fever, the patient was infectious the peeling of the skin had ceased. In measles, the patient Whs infectious some time before rash appeared, and remained so for about a month. Hence it was that in schools, have, measles was sure to spread. Diphtheria, influenza, and other diseases were infectious to long as there was any discharge from the parts especially affected. The great principle of prevention was isolation complete separation of the sick from the healthy. Isolntfon not of the sick person only, but also of everything that could possibly pass directly or indirectly from" the sick to the healthy. Bear in mind that you have to fight against and destroy myriads of infectious particles, which can only be destroyed by not in contact with them of proper agents," chiefly disin- fectant. One could see how fanciful and unsafe on the very face of everything was the idea that a twig of eucalyptus hung from a bedpost, or rags soaked in carbolic acid hung about a room, could disperse those swarming multitudes, " like ghosts from an enchanter fleeing." . He laid down the following rules for the management of infectious J diseases Essentials . Complete isolation, good ventila- tion, good light, cleanliness. Preparation of sick room: 1. Choose highest room with fireplace ; remove unnecessary furniture and all carpets and hangings, clean room, light fire, and hang sheet kept moist with carbolic acid (1 in 20 over doorway, on the outside. 2. During illness disinfect vessels for food, etc, before sending them out of the room, and also everything that passes from patient (solid and liquid excreta, expectoration, and all other discharges) ; disinfect all clothes before sending them to the laundry, burn sweepings of the room and anything that may be burnt, sprinkle floor daily with disinfectant after cleansing it also keep patient scrupulously clean, and, if scales or crusts form, smear surface of body with oil. 3. After illness disinfect patient and disinfect rooms. It still remained for him to say something about ventila- tion- an important element in all rooms, whether occupied by the sick or the healthy. Ventilation meant theatre duction of pure fresh air into an inhabited room, to replace wholly or in part the contained air, already vitiated by the human breath and in other ways. In ordinary houses the chief impurities in the air came from the human breath and skin and from artificial lights. In hospitals there were other sources, in the discharges from wounds and dressings. The impurities from the breath, skin, and light had to be removed by ventilation. Air always contained some carbonic acid exactly 4 cubic feet per 1000. It was found that when this amount of carbonic acid was doubled by breathing, the air felt close and stuffy, and had a disagree able smell, giving rise also, if breathed for some time, to general languor and depression. If the amount were increased by half-that was to say, If the amount were increased from 4 cubic feet to 6 cubic feet per 1000 the air was practically pure for breathing purposes, and did not affect the health. But this limit must not be exceeded. It was the maximum amount of impurity consistent with a continuance of good healthy 