THE GHOST OF THE WALLABY ROCK. [By AN OLD CHUM.] Some years ago I was in charge of a sheep run some hundreds of miles from Adelaide, when I determined to send a flock to a part of the ran where there was a fine spring running out from beneath a very rocky hill, known at the station as Wallaby Bocks, on account of the large number of wallabies which frequented it, and the spring underneath was called the Wallaby Spring. Accordingly a hut was built near the spring, and a sheepyard in the shelter of the hill, and about one hundred yards from the hut. After these preparations were made I drafted off a flock of fifteen hundred ewes, and sent all old shepherd koown by the sobriquet of " Flour bag Jack," a name given to him by the natives on account of his long white beard, which they said " Was all-a- same flourbag." Before he left with the flock a load of provisions -and cookirur utensils and his swag were sent out to the hut, which was only eight miles from the home. So he had only to make one stage, getting there in good time to water and yard his flock at night. All went i on well for a while, excepting that, as he told the man who went out with rations to him a week afterwards, the wild dogs were dreffvl bad, and that they howled all night like Hanover .; and if the boss had not ha4 a dog-proof yard made for' him he should have had to be up pelting of them all the time; and as it was, he had scarcely got forty winks of sleep any night since he had been there. The next time the rationcarrier came back from Flourbag • Jack's camp, he said that Jack had told him his sheep were doing splendidly,, and he had got used to the wild dogs, although the brutes of dogs had bitten off all the bark from the post in the . yard in trying to get at the sheep, and that one day a big old dog dingo ran right through the flock, and collared a ewe in the lead, but he set his collie on to him, and he ran off-like a coward, until he reached a safe place in the rocks, when, as old Jack said,ne eat up on his hams, and looked at him as mnch as to eay, " Good inornin', Flourbag Jack." I sent him out a rifle, knowing Jack to be a good shot, also a lot of ready poisoned baits. I sent him out a supply of baits every week; being afraid of trusting him with the poison alone, and before many weeks he had poisoned and shot something like forty or fifty dingoes. I went out to see his sheep after he had been ont six weeks or so, and they looked really splendid, and the old fellow seemed quite contented in his lonely camp, and when I asked him if he felt lonely out there, he replied, Lorry, bless you, no, Sir! I am as right as a trivet here, as long as Peter comes out with my rations and baccy every week.- I have the best of water for myself and the jumbneks—and this is a good plaoe for grass. You see I have got Rover here to pitch (talk) with of an evenin', and I don't feel a bit lonesome. I does growl sometimes, but that is at the tarnation wild dogs, when they start some o' their corroborees—and old Kover there growls at 'em too —but they ain't bin so bad since you sent me the pizen^ baits and that rifle, 'cos I've rubbed ont a good few of 'em since then, and I've got a power of scalps a hangin' up in the hut. I hope to be able to get enough scalps soon to buy me apony to carry my old carcass about, as old 'Flourbag Jack 5 is getting too,old to move about on foothack much longer." Foot-back is a jocular term need in the bush 5or ^travelling on f oot.1 In less than a week, on a clear moonlight night, at about .2 o'clock a.mu, the dogs at the station set np a terrible barking, and. wondering what was the cause, I jumped out of bed, and drew the blind aside just in time to see old."Flourbag Jack" coming towards the front of the house with his dog. The old fellow seemed to be tired and panting. I opened the windowjenquiring, ' ' What has happened, Jack?" He started at the sound of my voioe. not expecting to see mi up, and said; out of breath, " Oh, Sir, I have just walked in from my camp, and I can't go ' there any more. No., I can't, and Pve said so. I should be sorry to leave here, Sir, but 1 would rather leave than stay another night, because the fact of the matter is these rocks are haunted as sure as my name is Flourbag Jack.", *' What nonsense," I said ; " an old man like you should have more sense than to believe in such trash. I thought you liked the place. What have you heard f *' Oh, Sir, if s not the heard ; it's the seen, Why, I've seen a ghost on the rocks above the hut!" I could not help roaring with laughter at the absurdity of the thing. Here was I at 2 o'clock in the morning listening to a ghost story, the narrator believing it to be real. "It is all stuff and nonsense, Jabk," said ; " I will call Peter, and send him back with yon, and he will remain till morning." But he wouldn't go on any account; he seemed thoroughly terrified, and -shook when he explained to me that about 9 o'clock he heard a dingo howling near the yard, and he went out with his rifle and Rover. He couldn't see the dingo near the yard, so he looked up the rocks, thinking he might be up there, when he saw a tall figure all in white, which he saw mo ving; and it was knocking or throwing stones down the hill. -1 tried to uersuade nim ' that the" wallabies, hopping about, would knock down stones, and, his imagination had made him think 'he -saw, ,.a white, object. Tet he. insisted that he had seen a ghost, and nothing «lse, .He eaid he heard once hefor that tne ^Wajilaby: ftocks .were haunted, but he would'.jttot Tielie^e. it before. As I saw that he was determined not to return, I told him to go off to the men's hut.lnit to keep quiet, about what he. had seen, or the_ man-1 was going to send in his place nught be afraid to :go; Next morning at 'daylight I drove another man out to take charge of the flock, .with the intention,of trying to find out what had scared Old Jack, but I cotdd see nothing unusual. I found his rifle where -he had dropped it near the yard in his fright. . The shepherd I left with the flock this time was a German .nanied Fred or Fritz, and he thought that the reason -pi Old Jack's returning waB illness, and he was not preju diced against the place by Jack ih any way, but the third . night after he went there ; he came',- running up .to the house between 9 apd lO.at night, almost falling at the door with ^he. exertion of his long iun and .fear combined,, Oh, mein Gott, master!" he cried; "the devil or somebody like him is on the Wallaby Rocks, only he s white! I was sitting at the hut door after I has mine zupper irft Kaiser, when he let out a crowl; and I look up at the vay he looked up the rocks, and I see a big white thing about seven foot high up the rocks, and I feel so frighten I run into the station." It now got spread about the station that the Wallaby Rocks were haunted ; and Old Jack, finding it was no longer a secret, told his tale, and the men seemed to believe that he really had seen a ghost, and not one of the shepherds would go without they had a horse with them and would be allowed to return to the station at night. I had to give in to this for a few days; but I saw it was too much of a joke a shepherd riding eight miles before he let his flock out in the morning. At last a young fellow named .Martin said he would go and try for a month if he got five bob a week extra. He went out, but the second night after he also came bafk with a similar tale to the others. I could not put up with this farce any longer, so I drove out to the hut at once, taking Martin back with me, promising to stay that night with him, and if I did not solve the mystery I would send him out a mate, so that he would not be alone. I took a Martini-Henry rifle with me, and on arrival at the hut, and asking Martin where he had seen it, I posted myself behind a tree near the 6heepyard, and, squatting iJown on a buggy-cushion, I watched, while Martin lay down on the ground near me to sleep, being dohe-up with his long run. I had not remained in this position long, perhaps an hour, when sure enough a white object made its appearance on the face of the rocky hill, sometimes appearing tall and erect and at other times it appeared to be stooping. I could see it moving distinctly, but it appeared to me to be a substantial sort of ghost, as I could hear loose stones rolling down the rocks, which it shifted in moving. Tet I was at a loss to know what it could be; it could not be a white kangaroo or euro, I thought. Although such have been seen, they are very rare. No, it was not that, but what was it? A man it could not be, so, putting a cartridge in the rifle, I woke Martin, and, pointing, asked if that was what had scared him. He said it was. In case of accidents I called out, " If you are a human being, speak, as I am going to fire." No answer came, excepting that the object, which had looked tall, seemed to stoop and listen when I spoke, and then, after silence reigned again, appeared tall again. So, taking a careful steady aim, I fired. The aim was true, as when the smoke had cleared away I < ould see the white object rolling do wn the rocks, kicking and struggling. When we ran up to it, it lay still at the bottom of the hill—the Ghost of the Wallaby Rock, in the shape of a large Angora billy, which had escaped from the station two years previously, and had gone wild in the fastness or the rocks. He was a fine big fellow, and when standing on his hind legs and browsing on the bushes must have looked nearly seven feet high. Old Jack and Fred, as well as Martin, got diearlfnlly roasted for a long time by the rest of the hands for being scared by a blooming " billy goat." Old Jack went back to take care of the flock, being glad to eret out of the reach of the chaffing he was subjected to, and 