, Miscellaneous. ,, '.'.' ,A BAD BOY'S DIARY. Chapter I. ? HOW HE BEGAN IT. '':' ,1 was alo years ole .'yesterday, ari' ?.'.., , mamma she to me : j : 5f ' 'Georgie, wot would you like for n .birthday present?' 1 So I said a 'diry,' cause all my. ? ' grown-up sisters kept a diry, an' I thought it would be about the figgor. So mamma she got me one. I wanted to begin it all rite, so I stole up to hern ; but she keeps it looked up in her writing-desk, an' I had a offal time getting a key that would fit. ' At last :. .1 found one, an' set down when Lil .was out a calling an' coppied oph'a ? page good as I could. I've got three sisters what all kepes ' their dirys an writes into 'em even* night after their hair is took oph an' put in the buro drawer, 'xcept what is put ; in crimps. So to-nite Mister 'Wilyem Smith he comes to see Lil, like he does most every evening, a bi«», ? ugly ole bashior that my sisters makes fun of behind his back-, an' I was in , the parlor with my diry in my hand an' he ast me wot I got, an' give me sum candy, an' I showed him my diry, an' he red this out loud to Lil and . Bess, which was in the room all fixed up to fits : 'I wish that stupid ole Bill Smith would keep hisself at home. He came . agen Sunday night. I never, never, never, never shall like him one bit, but mother says he's wrich an' I must ac cept him if he offers. Oh, how crewel it is to make me practis such doopli city ! It seems as if my heart would brake. 'What awful grate big red hands, he's got an' can't talk about nothin' but how many houses he owns, an' his cravats is in retched taste. I wish he'd stay away an' done with it. He tride to kiss me wen he was goin' Sunday night, but I'd just as soon have a lobster kiss me. Oh ! he is so different from raj sweet, sweet Monta gue De .Tones. Wot a pity Montague is a poor clerk ! I can not bare this misery much longer. Montague is jellus an' reproaches me bitterly. Oh, wot a fraud this life is ! I'm wery of it.' Lil she was a screetchin' an tryin1 1 o snatch it all the time, but Mr Smith he held it up high, an' red it all ; then lie sed to me wot made you rite such stuff? I sed it wan't stuff— I got it out of my sister Lily's diry, an' I gess s-he knew enufi to keep one, an' he took his hat an' went, and Bess she sez to me : 'Now you've done it, George Hackect! Lil made a grab at me, but I dodged an' run. I never see such a boy as I am fur nettin1 into scrapes. The hull family is down on me, an' say I've spiled the match an' lost 'em a hundred thousand dollars, but I can't see how 1 am to blame for jest taltin' a few lines out of Lily's diry. One thiug is sure — the rest o' this book will bo my own eomposishun don't knuw what 'I thunk wen they got me oat coz I was drowned dead us a door- uale ; but they rolled me on a barel, au' bio wed into my inside with a bellows, an' I come to an' ast 'em if they'd saved my fishpole. 1 con't know wot made mama cry won they brought me home, coz I was all right then, an' 1 told her so. I was awful glad I fell in, cos they got over boin' mad at me. Lil made me some mill irnnA tnnat.fi an' t.pa. nil' 'hont ilnrlr they ail wont down to supper an' left me rapped up in blankets that 1 thought I should smother, so I got up an' put on'my best sute — my other one was gettin, dry. I betted they'd scold me for gettiu1 up, an' I crawled down into the parlor, an1 got behind the cur tains of the bay winder. I was that tired I fell asleep, an' wpn I woken up I heard voices, an' 1 made out 'twas Susan an' her bow a settin' together on tho sofy. 'Bess she was ratline; away at the peano t'other ond o' the room. Lil was uprtairs, 'cause she knew Mr Wilyem Smith wouldn't come nomore. ' 'We'll haf to wate,' says he, ' at laste a year. Old Doektor Bradley wants a younger man to do the ridin', an' he's promised to take me in as pardner this fall. Can you wate for me, my darlin'1 You'll haf to haf lots of paslmuts,' sez he. 'An' so will you,' says Sue, and then they laughed. 'We'd better kepe it a profound secret for the present,' sez he. 'Yes,' sez she, 'of course. It's the best policy to kepe long ongadgements secret, suthin' mite happen, you know.' good or bad. I'm disgusted with the fool-stuff in them girls' dirys. There was such a row to home 'bout it to-day I didn't seem to want my dinner, so I went fishing. It 1 wasn't cloudy, so they wouldn't bite. A man come along an' he sez : ? Got any bites, sonny V I wish folks wouldn't call me sonny —it 'makes me mad ; so I hollered : 'Confound, the fish!' And Jie sez : , ,'Nofc a tall, the fish is in the \- dam.' '? And he scratched his head and * went 'on. Just then suthin' bit, an' ' 1' leaned over tod far an' fell in. .. You oughter seem me go over that '?'dam an' shoot into the mill an' go z right over the wheel, but it wa'nt ? until after I got into the squte that I thought I guesB they'd never have ?? George to scold no more. I And then she jumped up as if sho was shot, an' run acrost the room, an' set down in a chair jist in time, for Home folks came in, and then some morel Everybody wanted to know how poor little Georgie was, an' then mama pame in, an' said I'd runaway she was awful 'fraid I was dellerius out of my head, my brnne might be effected. Sol jest gave them cur* ins a whop, nn' jumped right out as if 1 was a playin' loap frog, an' the way they hollered would a made you laught. 'Oh, CSoorgjo,;' .Georgia !' groaned poor mama, 'you'll bo the deRt of nii-, 1 know you will.' ' Were you in the bay-winder all the time ? ' ast Sue, a turniu' red an' pale. .You bet.' spz 1 an' then I wunk at her and wunk at him. 'I knowed honesty was the best pollicy,' I begun ; 'but wot makes it the best pollicy not to lot on when your cnsra»ed, lik you was a talkin' about?' Then Sao she yerked me out o' the room, an' jis as we got to tho door I hollered : ' Let go my arm ! I'll go without bein' grab bed. Say, Sue, I wonder wot made 1 ? jv Al- ? £-_ ...1 ? ±1. ? — -Cll..,. you nop on me soiy wuuu imusu xuiko rung the bell ! Did Doektor Moore — ' But she put her hand right over my mouth and slammed the door. 1 1 have as good a mind as ever I had to eat to whip you, Goorgie ! ' she sez, beginning to cry. ' You have lot the cat out of the bag, you horrid, horrid, boy! ' ? wot car r ast i. ' Doektor Moore will never forgive you,' aobbin' as it she'd dropped her only f-tick o' candy in the well. ' We didn't want a soul to dreme of it for the next six months.' ' line sorry I did it, sis,' sez T, ' I'll never do it a--ane if you'll stop blub berin.' What did I do, anyhow? If I'd a knowed lie was so easy fritened I wouldn't a jumped out so sudden for the world. I wouldn't marry a feller wot so 'fraid o' thihgs. He might get seart into a fit some time if ho saw a white sheet on the clothes-line in the night. I don't believe in ghosts, do you ! ' By that mamma she c.irae an' took me up to bed agane, an' tole Betty, the chamber-made, to stay by me till I fell asleep, nn' I got Beltv to write this in my di'\v for me, cause I felt sn tired and sloppy. Betty's bows got red hair and a crost eye. 1 peked through the ary winder onest. and seen hem kepe one eye on the cook — that's ill tempered as she can be--an' one on Betty, an' I wished I had crost eyes, fyi T n»-nilrl L'Onn mi a i~»i» mir K/^nlr o v\' one on Tommy Fuller wen he puts pins in the schollars' seats. Crost eyes would be the convinyuntcst things fur boys that have to go to school, Bettv yawns like the top of her head would fall off. So I must close. 