XiJ2fCr T H E B E L L S O V H E A V E N . •:. ny MosArii camekos. ;.-.- Eing the bells of Heaven^ there is joy to-day . - , For a sonl returning from the wild; , See the Father meets him ont upon the. way, ; tfelconung his weary child! Glory 1 glory! how the angels sing! .:, ' Glory! glory I how the loud harps nngt ' ^Tis the ransonied army like a-nugliiy sea,. • Pealing lorth the anthem Jof the free 1 The psychological history of Archie IPDougall has always -appeared to me intensely interesting, for it mnst have .been that of -many »-settler in Australia—the working of new-condition* and a new code of morals upon the soul of a man brought up in the narrowest of Poirtan faiths, -that of the. Free Church of Scotland; with its temhla .creed of -future punishment,denved anmy opinion from ihe dark and dreadfnl religions of Scandinavia, whose gloomy lorests and sterile-wastes .impart to those who live an them then:own stern and ...terriblecharacter-' To men so-educated: life has terrors' that never enter into the -souls of people bom in thesonth, -where the moral code as more lax, and religion as beneficent as - nature;the- ofispnng of' the warmth and the. sunshine, - glowing with- love and color. That which the southerner will commit without a thought of-evil or a dream of retribution is, to the man who has been reared jn . the stem creeds of the north, a terrible sm to be eipiatedm a hereaf terwhich even the. imagination of Balian Dante or Enghsh Milton failed to -conceive To men ike Archie M'Bongall the falling way irom a -'ctate .of grace is of all teirore ihe greatest, and ihe idea that the unpardonable sm -Which shntBthem- ontforeverfromHeaven.ii! one that haunts them like the shadow of death all iheir lires: >Their.fijjhtagamst the new conditions of hie, the novel code of morals that exists on Australia; then: relapses,-Iheir -.repentance;- '.their agonies .wordd -Jotm a theme for the moblest pens, lull as it 5b 'ol that mighty strain of tragedy which has had its hest erpression in the^great'works of the Grecian tragic poets.who «note :of ihe svanous awfnl episodes in the honse of Atrews I have often jnyBolf thought of taking up this .-great subject, land'eiideavoruig. to .analyze fhcr.wprkmgs.ipf such a spirit, hoi ihe magnitude of ihe task has markahle man which this sketch endeavors to jdnrtrayi iHonghjit.. was'4he turning ;point inhiB strangelrfe, cannot do justice to ihe snhjectj fonts limits are necessarily too circumscribed ,. Archie M-Hongall -came ont to Australia when quite a lad, but he had become thoroughly imbued with the puritanical religion oI J™ and the land in which he was horn Opposed to ibis religion was the man's whole nature, Which -was"Essentially southern, ,He was •excitaMe, easily led, and fond -of every-pleasure He toa inherited from his father a temperament and a •predisposition that were found io J» fatal to Ins peace His father had been what he aflenrardsturned out, a wayward sonl, «t times ultra puritanical, then relapsing into «• state of mortal bul;. ioo often a slave of whisky. As it was with ni» father so with Archie; periods of excess wera followed hy m rigid walk ol hie and-sbject repent - ance Tear by year his self-control grew less, >»«; his^nly escape-lrom theierrorsofsober reflection was ihe whisky j»tUa 'Then were tunes *lfnr -with.mightyw<mia*a#off*» Us^tji ^ ilm woall foUnr- wmtk. M * W*"** 3d a ridiculous degree—ilie segael to which irn a wilder hnrat of excess tWiefore until at last thesnangrew-tothmkihathe-nas lost, tWt God flaa forsaken him, that he bad commiStea the nn Pardonable sm igaiMt the Holy Ghost i-state -^W'^y»Wj*Briia8«i«n8lllifir8aie-g»«fa<t tragic • poet hBs never conceived Tragic poets have con- &ied; themsflres-lo /lithe 'merelpassijif/aorrows-'ciJ - this earth, but what are these to the horrors that are tho lot of a man towhom the world-to come -is: ,-3ipt;asliadow -but agreaterTealityithan ihis Sans-; ltory. existence.: -Arclne had -a vivid - imagination, and it was supplemented by-his excesaea in : li(|uor, ,nntUat:laathemiagined"he'saw,tliBfimdtimBell, and was actually on cojiversational terms with him:-: OrdjimrypeGpley./phlegmatic/Eng'bahiaen-and, • women, disposed .-of ^Archie's: eccentricities, 'his • habits of taBong to inmseli and comLatmg foes invisible to other joyes. imt ;nom :real- to-him -tbaii flesh -and! >bloody - by .setting him dosm as " half .cracked.",- This , is;:the ,-iray- the unimaginative jrork-a^ayjeople otthe -wddd -dispose of «vcr}-- \- thing and everyone ftey doaot miaer8tand,'ind a' very ready method, too / Archie Jiad married shortlycafter his master's death. ,-His love, like everything else in.'Connection * with him, -was wild -and fervent. -He courted* 1 neighboring Jarmer's -daughter^ and while theAeat of fas: passion; Jasted .be : invested ;her. w9h •-«• tiionsand attributes,Sojwhieh;poor Jflora-Fehtonhad not the slightest ifede.^.-'Sbs'was simply quiet family httle woman, with fair I'deas ol her duty, and a good knowledge ol the work o£ a farmer's wife, no: more. -It did not-taie-mncii : tune to disenchant Archifi. Six months alter lie was Eiamed'hehaddiscoverediiswifeiobeijaite commonplace,, and iis old-Jtemptatinns- recurred of bitter repeiitance he; sold ont his old seleetiotr nearthe.townandtodk -np -a new.one/twentymilea «way. Here he would be far irom temptation, and • Xt was a strange andlonely place,^et pictnres^ne • greatest degree.%i-grettJwige:ofporph and-granite-roBe jabrnptly-from a gilver'-atream irmged-^thpines:XcaU6d™amp«a3cs:)-a.:Uttle gollyihat took its :w .'near the.:Bmnmit" of the range between thegramte and the p orphyry created a iorely vaJley .embosomedin the hills-- Jt ,-srai here he jlaced his iomestead. The ;valley and the frontage to the streamhe selected,^^ the jnotm- .-tams. he .took , up -under pre-emptive lease " He had. thus the command .of some six-or seven -thousand, acres,:and was able to keep abo'nttwo thousand sheep, which were amply sufficient to support the family. To a man of quiet ta«te«, of .contented mind, Oban Vale would have been -a paradise—to: Archie, it . became an Inlerno., His neighbor, John Williams, a stolid Englishman,-had settled-an a .similar valley on the other side of the mountain, and hehved there an idyllic life; rearing, a family of happy children, improving his holding till it became a model homestead, and himself and hi6 wife becoming the very pictures of ^health and comfort. John had jio imagination and no violent passions; hejiad that singular-power olself-- government which is so happv a feature of ,'Bng.J hsh character ; he had no very strong perception of metaphysical sin ; and so. he Uved happy and contented, and died without dread of the hereafter, -more from lack-of feeling and perception thanthat his life and walk had -been according to thegOBpels. Indeed the good man seldom read anything, not even the -Bible, and he was more interested on his deathbed: in gmng . instructions about the management of the pheep and farm than - -the 'concems of his soul. " I can t see^'-said John. "Wilson on his deathbed,- ''that" I've done -anything —rag. I've paid my way, done my duty as far as , riuld, and if i have'nt been exactly-right always': x am sure the Good Shepherd will overlook it." This' man -was.ithe -very- anihithesisrof ;Archie,- whose mental perceptions.were oi-the ieenest, and who lived to a great extent withrn-himself. No man sawihis course clearer.; no man was less able tofollow that course Archie had three children. His . eldest,: a son,- partook-somewhat of . his ovm nature, bnt he m- ; herited sufficient of ,Sis .mother's -calm, :practic«l;: :English r mindio counterbslanceit -Butthere-was enough ofthe father in-him to make ihimi resent, ihe tyranny of Archie ,when in .his puiftamcal. "mbods, and his brutahty.when mider the inHuence of the evil spirit, alcohoL "When-Archie-was doing wrong he became frantic,. and ,because lie- could not ptmish himself hewashraial andcraelto those-- Jus • lieartoften bled as-he"didit, snd^ethepersevered,.; as if'deling the power .which -he -so^dreaded.- .At.; fourteea-Willie ran away from home, and withhim the light died ont of Oban .Vale. r,It,;brgke-rhis- -mother's heart,-- for, imotherlike ;®11;; her Jove -was centred on licr lonly.- son. .- From that. day.ihe: breach between herself and her hnsbasd -hbs too - jrideto bebridged. She,lovedliim.nolonger.;:;his. •presence 'was to her a distress; andihe woman who had always heenrso indulgent and ,good-tempexed- Be'came -•fretful' , ,5and;ampationt,--anax)ften'J)andied,: worils, contoir.jitnori.s on her purl, wjtb ijcr }:iis- , -band'' He-.soon.6aw-this;>*nd_it-vvas .Anotherfilhp to throw him into ihe arms of the enemy . People who knew them began io speak of Oban. Tale mth a shudder, and many predicted the end .; would be murder and emeiAe -Archie had -two daughters, Annie and Katie. No two sisters could be jnore unlike ; j&jinie; had much of her father's volatility and changeableness; she was light of mmd and •gaydf manner ;.thonghtlesBtoaserionsextent,: tod veiy Sondaf pleasure;ithoughshe had: few: means -to obtain it; -Tet, under the -circumetances, she could have grown np mto a pleasant, Ught hearted, companionable wo man The gloom of her home was iranght, to her with woeful consequences Make; home bright and cheerful, parents, make it a refuge to which son and daughter will look; and jour grey hairs will go down to -the grave with honour, and without bitter Borrow But ol all the family Eatie, the youngest,; "Wee Katie," so she was-called, was the most; remarkable. Sears have passed by since that- Strange little lace, m which ahone a pair oldeep, mysterious, pathetic, "blue"eyes ^asturned up to mine, hut never nan 3 forget its, weird influence, the touching pathos -of the unfathomable Byes, that tsld of early care and sorrow 'She was very small, a mere mite I first met her »n the phtm Eange. X was^ookmg £or Whias,'*andT>ther rare plants: to be found 'among Jhe^gramte honldera of; -those desolate mountains, L »n'd had ] us taxied a Jnonstrosity in-the ^flower-world,>3th hvid; purple blossoms resembling ihe head of * input, when • tiuj toim itoppwl Item l( behind a root and plucked the treasure When she saw me, she did 'not appear a hit air aid, hut looked enquiringly at me with those, great btae eyes of -hers. - This in itself was unusual, for bush children develop the instinct of all wild young animals, to hide when a stranger appears I have seen • them ?scramble from .'Ihe i£elds into the hut, like- so -many-rabbits into a waren, the moment I appeared in sight. But this httle sroman was quite fearless, and^gave: me her hand, so,small and -fhin and irul, without.a tremor.: She sat with -me on a log, and \- told, me in amartless way, a strange mingling of woman and child, aboutallher favorite nooks in the mountains, the cool caves under the granite where: .the delicate feras grew, -ihe southern slopes where the quandongs were to be found, the spots where the best native cherries abounded, and: the little dells; which, at the right season; were - scarlet with ihe wild raspberry She rattled on and spoke, in her way, learnedly of the spnng and summer flowers; .and showed a keen knowledge of native fauna and -flora Nor didsheiorget to tell me,-ihe -dear-little thing, -that: her mother had taught her to read, and that she .had read the V.Pilgnm'B-.Progress " and *!:Bchinson: Crusoe,'r^:only,'? she added, " da's not- allowed- to see ^'Bobmson • Crusoe,' -for he'd bum it.. T5ou know,"-she gossipped -on, "da's very kml ^sometimesj hut ,at mother times he's awful—Itte's 1 when''he says-- the Devil's m him—and he heats us all; and turns: .ns.out -of the, house.', We've had to 'sleep under a rock several-times It's not bad in summer,, but. oh! Im .winter; when, the -cold wmds/blow up^rom the~creek,- and the sleet and the snow falls, or the frost comes it makes us all cry. Oh 1 I wish the Devil was dead, -the ugly thing " ': : The :cloud- soon .passed from her face,-and she broke out into -delightful'praise of the happy days $bat 'occasionally came;- when Archie "was m a good humor, when the sun shone, and the birds uang, and the-flowers bloomed. "lint here, I've been yabbermg," she said suddenly,:—the vulgar rphrase . seemed', so. piquant from her' little hps—"and I've for- got all about Long legs and Koppy."' \- I wondered to whom she referred, but 1 was not long to remain ignorant, for on her givmg. two-or three whiBtles—how odd the accomplishment seemed in this spiritual creature—a tame wallahy popped, from .behind -the rocks; and -hopping up -to Katie, laid its pretty head in her lap. Presently*- ragged cockatoo iwaddled round another, rock, hopping .occasionally, and keeping a ceaseless chatter of odd phrases, varied by a shriekand an elevation of the crest, when alarmed: In •a few nnnutes cocky was perched - on Katie's shoulder, talking to her in a cooing maimer, and now and then .letting out -a " scrawk" and raising its , crest when I made ,a move- .ent, while Long Legs, as ihe, wallaby was called, browsed peacefully in front of o«,. : - "Tou know," chatted the httle fairy, now., evidently serenely.chappy,-.,"its so mce when father's right and the Bevil'svaway. - Have, you ever seen the Devil?" ; I told her 1 had not, nor desired to. r , . "I wish I could," said the girl; "Td tell him how happy we'd be if he'd keep away, =WouId'nt he be happier himself? Butit's said, in Eevelations the archangel is to bind him for a thousand years—I wish that time was come.- We'reaU somiserahlewhenhecomes.: Long legs can run away but Hoppy and I can't. Poor floppy, the last time da was had he threw her in the fire." "lire, fire, murderl" shrieked the cockatoo, with a final "scrawk" of terror. ' \- :"But X forgot to tell you," resumed Katie, "that we've never been xealhappysincehrother Willie ruraneiaway. He couldn't stand father. Only I,' knew he wasgoing. Bntl'll soon see kua, sir. -: :He pronnued io come for. -me as Soon as he'll have made « lot of money, and lihen- he'U take , me to Sydney, where-I'll :hve like a lady, and he happy always. The Devil does not live thero;.he only stops np-here in the bush, m the wild places." ;. Poor child! The Devil lives in the largecitieB, -only people are too familiar and friendly: -with him there to take notice "But Willie won't forget me," resumed; :Eatije- *' He:.promifled to -eendme a mnsic. 1 . -hor with: the 'first money he - <earns, ;one like -what'Bessie Williams has—you've juat io - wind it up and-it'U -play.- and -plfiy so nice. -I'll bring it up here and «t in my cave and Long Legs and Hoppy and I will dance and ^ sing to it, and Ohl we will be happy " .Ever since that -meeting I was deeply interested In vthis sweetest of . all ' children; ^Aichieloved her pasrionafely, - but, -when ihe. evil spirit was upon him, it was the child he loved that suffered most. /Strange anomaly ; yeti 'iarery man of-experience ;must contess its 'truth. '"Poor child, the dark days oiler life - -wereeloBing round 'her. ''Archie's mmd: was. really being unhinged from drinking so much: and brooding npon imaginary wrongs He blamed everyone hut himself, though in truth, he vainly attempted to conceal it,'it -was his rage with himself ihat exasperated, hiV, Poor Katie's music hoi proved to he ihe cause of terrible events It arrived when Archie-wfl8:in'iown,'and.great-was- thede-: light of the httle family, Vho were always 'happy -when he was.away—tbis he inewj and; i ! 5t%ous'ea.him ,^0'<mttdnMs? >|t: was-a-3oyeIy; ^summer-mghty^he ^oon?was atShefull^ani: flooded theheauhfnl galley with silver light «nd pleasant shadow, ihe<snnd«ang flirough the swamp oaks that fringed the pellucid stream, a strain, riaS, yet sweet The httle family were-^athered in the vtaandah, look-; .sing«ut%ito^he' : garden;:whieh^aathepride of poor ffllora, and hstenmg to the sweet; : tinkle of the fauy- inusio, over -whioh-Aiinie -went into raptures, whileKmtie Mud nithing, but thought, and thought—oh, such dehghtfully sad thoughts. .Tb 'Elora.ithat niusio recalled ihe: short- summer: of ,;her youth, ihe: Jnoonhght evemngs when Archie and herself had wandered over the old farm All was gone now! Long Legs jumped about, .at a loss to understand what it was all about:. Hoppy-was silent, bnt, wide awake. Whether he was studying the tunes so as to reproduce them, -or, wasattempting to solve the problem" :of what -was inside the box; has .neverheen determined Poor bird; he neversaw another. Bnnr>se, The peaceful scene was disturbed hy a loud discordant -laugh; and the littleparty became dumbwhenihey saw. the husband, and 5 father in the,midst He had relapsedthe -Demon had him m his clutches:- There was «n.insanehght in hisieyes that'terrified his Wife and children: Long legs knew the sound andJeaped :over:the fence, preferring the wsk 1 of •• • being killed • by - dingoes: io remaining there.- ..Hoppy gave a - shriek' and tumbled from Katie's -shoulder on to the floor, to acuitle off to a place of eafaty. - -'Tiie demoniac saw this, he noticed the horror andalarm on; every .face, therepulsionon the faces=of-Annie' and his-wife.-and the passions of hell were let loose in his heart.— With a hound he-sprang" forward, :and seizing, the poor bird wrung its neek andrtbrewiheibody mto'the garden; - A : feeble kick or two sand'Hoppy was no more.-.: " You're all happy," roared the man, " whenTmaway.- ?onhateme, Andlhate you m make youhappy^' > It is. not pleasant.. --to -descnbevBcenes of: injaatice.or.-violence, the-deeds ofamadman,, of an (unhappy being m- the ' terrible state ,inwhich Archie M'Dougall was Annie, who was very.cowardly, fled at ihe flrBt alarm, and ! remained all-night in a cSve onihe mountain. But-ihe 'f httle -woman.- did not. Though her heart was wrung, when her pet was killed; she-uttered not a sound forfear.of aggravating him to do what he would, she kneyr, ao terribly repent; - Her mother was not so wise. : The poor 1 woman's Jjfe was so wretched, all thehght had now died out-of it, that she-was perfectly . reckless. She ropened: out : uponher husband, and told him what, jinhappily; he ..knew --too : :well.- Her words, , echoes, •of the .-accusing: spirit- within. himself, : stung, him to: a - stage.'ot madness he had never reached. With a feuaous blow of his foot he sent the-music box purchased with Willie's first savings as a present to ihisdearly-Moved sister into the garden; but it kept on playing, emblem of patient virtue that returns good for evil. It wa3 playing a tune ihat was torture to the ears of this apostate, ".Ring the bells of Heaven." That ; was one of Katie's favorite hymns, -and Willie had purchased the box because it performed ; that air. The maddened man seized an axe, and was about to split the box mto pieces, when Flora seized his arm. • \- -The moonlight fafied-mtothe steel gray -of: dawn* which in its turn yielded to the flood of gold of the sunrise. The golden light shone mto Archie's house that morning upon, a scene terribly, different to that his declining rays.had: lighted. Then they irradiated the. happy faces -of a little group intently listen-, ing to the musical box, every face full of. quiet happiness, the scene peacefully sylvan. Now the sun ht up the little sitting room-ai d. a dying woman, beside whom knelt a child young in yearsbut old in sorrow. In; another room the, sunbeams fell upon a man m the lethargic- sleep of extreme-drunkenness —armere- lump of ammated clay—without sense or feeling. In the garden the light fell, upon the.-corpse of the httle bird, the: music: box close beside it. Ah me 1. how many such -a scene the sun . Has shone.,upon in this our-' young country,; where everyone should :be;so happy •.-- Annie 'returned later m the dayy and the •two -girls tenderly nursed -the dymg-: mother.. Anme.was for -saddling ihe horse* and-'going, -atvi.once to-.-the town, ior.helpi but.-: I?lora .M'Dongall would, not hear of .it. She- knew she was dying, and that if a doctor came "Archie would. be m-danger .of the law; and so-with^hat stran ge perversity of woman . that- ,-is - so heroic and -yet so- '-mcomprehen- • i-ible, slie. resolved to. die.: m - silence - to secure ,his safety. . She would .not ,'have-iier achddren - eariy:-a. dreadful -'Etainvvith-them :intolife..,'^?hat herthoughts-were-asahelay. in that hare room, dying, no one can te n l; they "were bitter enough -assuredly. In the afternoon a ynli haggard face, looked in for a nent and the gufls shuddered Then it vanjshedAnd:A3:chie-fied.io.ihe' darkest" glens. .-ol,-fiieJ/mountains,-there;io .eajnate. his sin ,with:.,.agomes-.ihat :iio ..pen-.,can--describe, to rplead.hopelessly with a::God, whose face was veiled .from him—as heihonght for ever and ever—and to .oombst a- Fiend, present with .him,- as he .thought, m all the terrors of his ghostly form. Archie.returned next^-.'day,-a-wan; wasted,' ghastly jignre,' that would have almost answered his own ideas of ihe Evil Spirit which tormented:,-hun.-- He looted .through ihe window to .the room. There waa -the corpse, of ins wife, lying on. the-sofa, -stiff: and stark, hut . with-.a strangely-placid -face,-a- face-the expression of which jvas relief and resignation. -Annie-was sobbing in a corner. - Katie had drawn a httle table near the.corpse and uponthis-she had placed- the-musical-box,-which was now.playing; The-httle girl was on her -knees singing; he could .see the tears ghstsnmg m her eyes, and she sang with a-voice broken with sobs. And ihis is what she sang.— Home at last on heavenlymountains, - •• .Heard ihe " Oome and enter m :'.'.• . -Saved by hfes fair flowingiountams, :i( Sfivod from,earthly taint and Kin. : -Home sweet "home,.ourhome.-for.ever,... •'. Weary pilgnniages past, \- ..Welcomedhome to.wander never, \- .-.-Saved, through Jesus-r-Home atlast 1 Annie tned io .follow her sister; but when the chorus came her voice failed. On the contrary Katie's voice: became stronger, and there : was-a : tone of hope and trust m ' it,-as she sang . -„-..-v-•:' :• • : ."HomQ sweet home, trar.home for ever;. : WearypilgnmagdB.past, :. „ .. , . -. - >. Welcome home to wander never, - ... SavedihroughiJesus—''Homeat last!" : The clear'bird like\ voice of the child swas raised as in a cry^ol..triumph when she sang thelast three words.: Hell surely, couldhave «o iorment-egual to what the .man felt as he heard and -saw • all,this.. He.had heard his children - sing that hymn m happier, hours; he could not stand it any longer., He rushed into the .-room .wildly and, - seizing a -case oL lazors from, the- mantle, took .out one and stood over the dead body jy "gee what youliave done, ha, ha;" he said,; uddressmg that-Pamihar who was.ever present: to his eyes "Oh you've come, have you?: Ha! Ha! You've come to see your work, have jou, "Well, it will be the last time Site has gone where you nor I can ever come I will go with you. T have done enough Tour hellcannotlie worseihan this" h _ ': And with > frantic movement he ^grasped the razor. Another moment and he would have drawn it across his -throat, but -that a small cold hand was laid on his and a strange music was heard—The air .had ehangeS.: "lather," said wee Katie "father, stop, stop; hear what ihe httle box says.— its a: voice from heaven 1" : :He listened, his face changed, the razor fell; frOm-hishandsj-theBemonvanishedfandihei sank-upon the ground, -sobbing pitifully.; And what did the box play? '. And vrce -Katiej standing betweenher father: -andthe.dead bodyofhermother, followedthe notes with her clear hird voice, which har s monised so well with the harp like music of the instrument and sang the hymn ihe erring man had himself, when the good .spirit had- -possession, taught her — IBmg thohdls of Heaven J There is joy to day, jrDr ji soul-Teturmng from the wild, a^eB'l-ihep'ather.meetshim out'np.onihe- wayj .••': -\\\ r olr,'ormng liiP W^aT^.-'Wimdermp child. • • ' Glory! glory 1 how the angels smg^ -'-'^loiy.-l'!^Ory,liii.ojfihedoud-hMiPs^ingl '.i;---.'-!^ T'is the ransomed amy like -a mighty sea, Pealingforthihe-anthem of thefreel In ihat hour perhaps ihe wretfcbed man had:-a''glimpse,--transitoryiit- ia:true,-ol!the brighter side of religion, of ihat portion Which has -nothing to do with the stern 1 faith of the North, born «f the region ol ihe J dismal pine and the everlasting snow. But he had yet to go through the fire, there was to be another sacrifice, before the sun rose upon- his soul, before Balder, the Beautiful jbanished-the iniernal ..Deities: of the- North.' 1 Flora wa buried in a httle nook between ,iwo granite -.boulders on a small hill that looked dowmupon ihe homestead. Archie, now deeply penitent, suffering as few men suffer, fenced in the ..plot of ground-; it was the cemetery of his family. Jn his spare time he worked upon a flag of granite, which was to-act as'headstone, . :-Wee:Katie'- was ever at; her mother's grave.- She dug up the ground herself—It: was loose as:. granite soils. always 7 iare—and .planted-every, flower-that grew in the little garden. Common .flowers enough they were, but consecrated by the love and; jdevotion of the dearest of daughters- With, her sown-hands she dug up a young cherry ; •tree, lovehest ol the Australian pine-foliaged; '.trees, and: transplanted it, placmg it at the foot of her .mother's grave. - And strange to . say—for the^herry,tree seldom strikes when removed—the plant grew, " and is now a handsomepme-shaped tree, mwhoseleaves the red berries gleam in the season, and -the little-, birds chirp;. It waves over not only Flora,' —but—of that .hereafter. :" And under het: hands- that spothecome a bower of beauty, -blooming with Sowers at all times; and; what - was greater, consecrated by the behest of love It was some time after this sad occurence that J paid another visit to Oban Bange ; At ihe same place where,lhad seen -wee Katie: previously, <1 came across her. She -was: sit-. -ting ona-mossgrown rock; lookmg at a small silver rill of.water that came out of a feni- ^sovered gully, and fell over a gray granite ledge. • Orohids and ferns .-beautified the' moss carpeted hank; : By: her'vside was the .musical, box, tinkling out its melodies, to : which-now and .then, the girl sang. At my approach : Hoppy, who had returned home a few days.after the .tragedy, ran to its mistress' side. She looked up to me as fearlessly and frankly as ever, and now entered into a chat. "Poor mother was always weak," she said, a deep shadow coming upon her face, and - she died a little while back. Oh, sir, she's got such a pretty, gravej and the httle cherry, tree • I planted is growing so well. They say cherry trees won't transplant, but motherwas so good it couldn't but grow, and Wilhe did not for-- get me,-:sir,—this is,what he promised." "Are you happy now?" I asked; "is your father good?". She did not reply for a minute or two. I saw the shadow deeper on her face; .''We are a little happy," she rephed at last with a-sigh, -"father is very strict. ..He prays day and night, and-hardly eates any-: ithmg. He is afraid of God;.. lam not afraid of God. Do you think it is right to be ?" . " If we do - 'wrong," I rephed ; but if we repent we are taught He will forgive, and then . .we should be happy." ; "Buthe never is," said wee Katie, " And; oh;-mr, he -has repented, but he seems to see no pardon or help. I can't make it out. - I can see nothing in the world but hght and love, except when-Satan is about. It's him that brmgs the ram, and the clouds, and the cold winds, and the -frost and the snow. Oh, I .wish there: was no Satan. Why was he created-?-';..:. ... : : Wiser.men- than I have been unable to. answer: that question. But I explained to Katie that the phenomena.she pointed out as the wrong of the Power of Evil proceeded from a beneficent God and were necessary to the maintenance ofthe beauty of the world. Her face brightened "I- believe you,!', she said, " and now I think if clouds, and ram, and thunder, and snow, and frost, are needed to make the worldheautilful, perhaps sorrow andpam, and and -even sin,- are needed- to. make us .good. Oh, God is wise, and we musn't repme. Only, I.-.wish .He could see another .way." • Oh, how many a human--heart has echoed that-wish since therworld began, since .menbecame as gods, and knew good and evil I There was . a singular depth of thought in this girl that surprised me. - Contmually by hersdf,,without, playmates -of her own age,- called upon.io assume.responsibihties- bnlorc .her time,-.she-was a strange .contrast to either : children; _- .What :was - most striking , was. the great-depth.of her religious feehngs, and their peculiar characteristics. : - Her: -.father. saw nothing m religion except fear and ; trembling,- and threatemngs. of the judgment to come. I She perceived nothing-but a God, who was her l'ather—better than her earthly, parent lndeedr^-and. a Saviour .-who'.was a-loving Eider Brother, and who. had died for her to : prove, his love. Sm and its shadows she: knew not. I know there are-those who will scoff at: the -religion of one -so- young; who will say .that it would:vanish when she grew up, and had to. fight the hard and-crud world. -Perhaps-so I But that does not alter the deep loye and -respect J entertamed-for the artlesB; child. .God m his wisdom ordamed so fan: a tower was not to be gathered by rough human hands.., She could no more be trans-' planted into the- garden , of this world than can the. small white -flowers, that grow .on Alpmeiheights, be reared'in the tnm pastures: of the lowlands, where the moist, hot, corrupt air -strangles them.-- -:: I 'left her, singing to the air " Ring the bells of- Heaven,".of which she seemed:very- fondj perhaps . because it had arrested her father.'s: suicidal, hand;-and she augured from its words.that:one -day God would ,be reconciled : with him, : and he would join the ransomed. I never saw her again, and the picture I- looked upon-before I-turned round the rock ; : that hid her from my view, will: never leave my memory until I am dust and ashes. The beautiful childwsittmg-on' the gray -lichen covered, rock,-the flower-starred- moss carpet on which-her-:feet rested, the .tiny silver: •waterfall, supplying a light bass to the treble of the girl and the instrument, the blue sky. overhead; flecked with fleecy clouds, .the kangaroo with its gentle eyes lookmg up into its mistress's-face, the hoary granite rock— ; -all.combined to form a.picture such as could; only have been witnessed in Australia, and .'then but rarely indeed. -:- ...,. ,.. •..: .:; Not long after this the; clouds gathered round Oban; never io be liftedm; this world.' For - months .after his wife!s death, Archie; .lived the .life of a recluse,' practismg .every : mode of self-punishment. The sternest ascetic would have envied him. He worked hard, he prayed for forgiveness day and night,, he inflicted upon himself .every penance -he could think. After all there is httle: difference between the chinches The grim and austere Puritan is closely relate! to the .flagellant: and the penitent of the - Church of Rjme. But: do what, he could ihe ..cloudnever lifted, Heaven never opened to hTs eyes, it was all darkntss. The fact is the ;man outraged his own nature; he went about "his work ihe wrong way The-result was that a itemBle despair look possession olhizn ^that v :despair-Bunyan; has.BO graphically i described.m hls narrative -of the Man- in the..: Iron -Cage—and -.-the :,gloom - of-'his -mmd'' deepened until ihe day could not be distant 'would: take his own life; sor, once: nrore resort to the treacherous fiend that buoys us up for a moment to cast ui lower the next—the bottle. In Archie's case intoxi-' eating lignor was not taken 'because - he loved it, but that it hecame anecesBity—anythmg, anythingio get rid -of the: hideous despair nature and'hisadeas of religion and life hadcreated. _ ; •-The'oause—another : offsprmg .of-his mis-: gvuded'eftortSi- afcrehgion-^-was not long wantmg. Archie and his daughter Annie had: never been able, as the colonial phrase goes, 'to"hitit." Their .nstares -were ioo mnch nnhke for ihat. She was jusJ what he himself had been at her age. He would have no; laughter, no music, no company. With him it imust;alway.Bi;begroanmg andiprayers^and sad looks 'How Annie wanted exactly ihe; reverse "Therefore, to escape the intolerable gloom of her home, she proposed when the old man who shepherded for them left, to look after the' sheep herself, , and Archie agreed Stow John Wilson's eldest son shepherded his father's-flock, and of -course the two met, and a new world opened for the flighty hair- -bramed:girl. : -ljovewaBbomantoher:^»'orld,' -and in all ihe thrilling fever of its delights she forgot the shadows of her "home, where indeed she was only at night, and to esoape its gloom *he always retired early, oa the plea; of: being itired. .The romance of that lo^e- helongs not to this story. ' Itfs -end may well he imagined. What must happen .whena -boy ,and ; girl at- the most impressionable period of their hvea are in,company day after day without a soul to guide or warn :them-? - There could be but nne result, and it came \- • Flora had.died.in August, when: spring was•< fluttering its feeble- .wings, and the wattles made the hillsides golden with its ;glory. < The year wore on, and . Cnnstmas- came round. /Shearing , had taken place, and for a week three rough, men had stopped-at Oban Yale -to hdp Archie to ;chp the sheep. They had ' flirted in their way with Anme, wondered-at • the oldhousewife, Wee Katie; and her strange father... One, of. them,'when.spreeicg at the Shearer's Arms down the river, said, '-' That Annie Sf'Dongall's a pretty girl and up to lots,of,fnn,hut no one. can make out little Katie; When she wasn &t; honsewerk she'd take that musical box of hers up to her : mother's grave and smg to it, justias-if the dead woman could hear. As for Archie M'Dougall, there's no doubt he's cracked- Biit lt.allcomes of religion: thank goodness-- I never was that way-myself."- Shearing over, the old life :went-on.,:'Annie shepherded the : flock, Archie worked like a demon, trying to get nd. of -Jhe- despair ihat was killinghira,' butialkmg as .ever to ihe Unseen Companion' " that seemed to -be continually -urging him" to-- ' do somethmg ternble; and Katie did the housework. And a netable little housewife she was, though she had httle to work upon Archie,- was. as parsimonious m his Jits of re- : • ligionas hi was prodigal when the Companion ' claimed him. This madehis rehgion as distasteful to Annie as his gloom " Well, Ohnstmas came. The previous one had not been very bright; but then the mother ' had-been with them, and the father had been - in the good-natured .sttge, which--culminated at New Year in the. appearance of the Compamon. But this .Christmas Katie thought she would try to brighten up the place, and see if she; could, not'wean her father to look vpon the world as she did, to think ol God as she thought—what better season ? So she cleaned the httle Souse until everything shone again,- and she brought down from the granite gorges, on Christmas eve afternoon, the most green and graceful of the ferns, the prettiest.-flowers; She went up to the ranges and obtained a branch of the cherry tree through whose orange green foliage the dark, red berries showed temptingly, and these she hungup in the corners, and at the door. Indeed it was so pretty a place when she had finished, that- one could hardly recognise it- She spread the table daintily, and had quite a lot of. delicacies, among which was a quandong pie, a luxury that no epicure will despise. And .so she waited for her sister and father. Annie was shepherding, and Archie had gone to the neighboring township to buy some things. The httle girl was not without sinkings of the heart as she sat in the verandah waiting. Her father had seemed unusually stern when fie went away that morning, and she had noticed that for weeks Anmehad been despondent. Willie, too, had never written as he promised. And Katin herself had, sinc?the winter, been weak and ailing. But ..the brave httle girl never lost heart. She. believed firmly in her elder brother, and that all would be well yet. ,Annie was the first to come home. Katie helped her to yard the flock, but could get bo words from her sister, who was still, moping and despondent; The two ..girls sat on the verandah, Annie with her face in her hands, and swaying to and fro. The sun set behind the range in all the glery of the primary colors and.their combinations, from gold to crimson, from crimson to' purple, and then to all the shades of blue that "ended in the cold gray of twilight, relieved only by what Katie called the lamps of Heaven, the silvery stars. What a type a sunset is of our career of the various episodes of human life! -first comes the gold of promise, of hope, then tht red* and purple .of; fulfilment, -dying, eves dying, mto the cold grays, lifeless, and colorless. Surely in the Land to which we hasten. -. the gold,-, -and the: crunson, .and the purple, never fade! ..--••...- ;•--;-„'. Bufcy.ifihesun had.vanished, leaving behind . him only the.drabs ana ihe grays, soon There appeared a greater and sweeter glow: in- the. • •east,-and- the moon, the eternal Queen of Night, glided over- the Binnacle, mountain, and filled the: world with light and shadow. -Year by year she rises the same, but she has never lost her charms, for poets have sung as fervidly about her in this century as did Sappho m Jjesbos.- To' Katie, the moon's rising was an .ever living dehght. It was to her,like the gentle hfe following the career of glare and.greatness in the world of which she had read, but knew nothing. The Land of •Beulah surely was lit by the rays of themoon. So-when the gracious -luminary appeared, shaming the '' dip'- that sputtered m the " parlor," Katie brought out her little musiohox, and set it playing in the hope. it would arouse Annie. It did. The wretched girl burst into jt flood of bitter tears. -Her dream was over; she hadiasted the sweets, and was now tD gnaw the bitter 1 _ ' The gallop of a horse sounded m their ears; Their hearts sank; they knewwell there 'father had gone-wrong. When sober he never galloped, Annie clasped Eatie hysterically. " Save me;:Katie," she cried; " he will kill me. Save me, httle sister! Save me! " And she olung to Katie as if the poor frail, thing had power over that dark masterful man; Strangeit was that everyone behevedm Katie; ' * Archie dismounted, and flung the reins upon his horse; But he-did not at once come m. He took off the saddlebags, the chink of whichiold the girls their worst enemy had come. -- •- Katie caught a ghmpse of her dread father s face in the moonlight. "Fly, Anme, fly," she whispered; Go to the oldjeave. I'll run up and see you tonight." Annie, like all weak natures, always trusted to a stronger. With a bound she was out-of the garden; while -Archie - was taking the saddle off,"and flying for . dear life up to the range.' Not-an-:instant to soon. .The. next moment Archie's heavy, tread was on. the verandah. :...•..•:•-. \- . " Where is that wretch?'- lie asked the trembling Katie. . - • Anniei" replied Katie, came hokSe; but she ran away when she saw.^ou coming.. She seemed in great trouble.." "She has saved:me acrime" said Archie, speaking not to: Katie, but to that Companion who--seemed to be.ever near him.- , You are., disappointedithis jime, eh ? Ha l ha 1 But don't fear, it'll come, it'll come. I know you only, iwant .the soul,'and ; it'll soon be done. Ha 1 ha 1" And with a laugh that froze Katie's blood, he took the. eai<ile bugs inside and threw hem on the table,*, disarranging its neat dis- . play,' and,-'breaking -some - of-: the scanty crockery.-- -Then, he: took out a black bottle,, and; sitting sdown,: began a solitary carouse. - The Jiitle..girl sat m the deep shadow in the, verandah. ' She had moved out of .the light, tor she had no more:right there. ' Knedingm • ihe corner she poured out prayer after prayer ; to the leather: and Brother -to come ,to that miserable-home in-her dire need. The musi- ; cal box had run down, and there was no sound except the ; chuckhng and laughter and mad , talk talk of Archie, the cliHlnng -of his glasB, the hoot of the mopoke,'the -wail of the curlew, and' the :distant yelp of the-dingo. So began that dismal- night; the forerunner of V many more.' . The girl at last stole out mto : the moonlight -and walked to her mother's: grave, where she -sobbei-and-wept herself to '• sleep. Bu» Archie took no-notice He con versed withthatawful:Gompanion,.whowas to him more real than the beings of this world. Buchwas "wee Katie's Chnstmas Bve.1,. : ':The. history :of'ihe few;next days:.may. be passed.-over, :for. the reader-will not care .io 'hear; the detailB : they -are best :le£t untold. Wo mast pass on to the final . catastrophe, not, however, without some explanation- of' the-causes .that-:,led -up to . these events , Archie had gone to the httle townbhip down • ihe river, and • there had .met John Wilson. We have given our jidea of this man's character before- He was not a had man, hut:.; essentially Hlflsh. Archie and hi ha^ hardly: " i gjUUi OOED HiNB WAS IiUS OH, HIS JUID A STBiHOE HTJSIO W1B HKAHD, met, when he bluntly iold liim the truth 'BthSll in re- : gard to his eldest son' Steve and Annie. •-.- Steve had confessed to&isfo; tlier,'arid on the : latter refusing to sanction a .marri^je cifiiiro .'" such people, hehadrunaway—JoWlmew not where, nor, said.-he; Hid- he care. The ,.. fact is John wanted hisEon to marry the . daughter o£ a neighbouring settler who was •well in, Archie'e rage -n'as terrible. Never had a sfigma rested upon lua feimUy until now; It seemed his Companion had prepared this in order Lonerrehimto tlie terrible deed that he daily suggested; ihd he went • home to do that deed. ... I approach now scenes o£ an estrdordinary and Eupernatural character, narrated as they were told me by the chief, and I must premise I offer no explanation. Whether, as the materialists will hold, -Archie's Visions were the offspring of .a naturally.'morbid' mihd, the morbidity of which'was " " by tlie 'delirium that follows excess! or they were really visitations "from tlie Dread; and Unseen Land, I. cannot say. Bnt to Archie they were real. . Christmas Day opened with: a fearful conflict of the elements. Clouds black lis Brebiis shutout theeun/lightningsUtiapthegloomy panorama, and terrific thunders reverhferated from peak to peat, arid the rain catnc down in a deluge. Archie awoke to laugh'and'gesticulate arid_ drink. Katie, ill ', and feverish, was to look after the house, and to make preparations to go out with the sheep. , She had ;':. gone'up to the cave during the night ana left provisions withAnnie.who talkedofwalking 'to a; distant place,' to which /Bhe' thought Steve, her stiil dear Steve, had gone.; Six days passed:.-six days of .storm and Kaiie Tieried • Ate flock and tended .her father.' What" the brave little 60ul suffered during that i will not distress the reader by relating. Annie had gone off.to the town, and she was -left alone in this awful solitude with her :half-niad father. But' throughout' that fiery trial there stood by her One who never, fails those who trust in Him. But on New Tear's Eve she came home, how she knew not, tottering, worn out, and lay-down on her couch, never to rise again. Not a drop was wanting to fill the cup o£ her sorrows. Her father had been working at the musical box, and it would hot give forth a note. And as she lay on her couch,faint and dazed, she saw that he looked at her in a manner that was more like that of a,fiend than a man. But nature was exhausted, and she sank into a heavy sleep, the precursor of that to which there is no waking. . , Archie sat and drank, and became more insane every hour. He knew the .-terrible hour was approaching, when all would be over, and he gloated over it. The rain, had cleared away, and as the evening wore oh the moon rose, and her light streamed into theioom, touching lovingly the fevered face of the little girl, almost too beautiful for earth. The man's candle .had. gone out. He looked at his daughter and shook his head. Opposite to him sat the Companion. He could not tell what ,he was like; his face changed so often. Sometimes, it appeared that of a youth, but "on whose fair face was every mark of sin and crime. Again it was a dark and grim countenance, that of a man in the prime of his evil days. But occasionally it was the face of death, a grimy skull, from the eyesockets of which came a livid blue flame, that made the light turn pale. But in all phases it was horrible; too horrible for even the imagination of a Blake or a Dare. Not (infrequently it assumed a likeness to that of some of Archie's companions in sin—dead how and damned^; and then it was more terrible than ever. These Archie would address, and he would receive replies, heard by none' but /himself, but none-the less "real.- The Companion pointed to the bedroom and Archie obeyed. For a time he could not sleep.. To his surprise, the Companion vanished and was not to be seen. This dreadfully alarmed him ; the perspiratiohbroke outuponhim in streams. The silence arid darkness, arid loneliness was terrible. At last he fellinto a troubled : slumber, such as alone visit men in his state: It did not last long. He woke feeling an unutterable horror, woke to see a form at -Ms bedside such as we should pray never to see. The form of one from the grave, loathsome beyond words, clothed in a shroud of purple • flame, all the passions of the realm o£ pain graven upon its dread features. Then the man knew his hour was come i that at last he was to receive his reward and to be numbered with those who are lost for ever 1 ."."'•' "Come," said the Form in 'a voice that seemed to come millions of miles—deep, sfpulehral, unearthly. A cold han^ was laid upon'his—a;harid the touch p£ which sent through his frame the tortures of the region whence this figure came, To this day the man shows that hand, now partially paralysed with a livid weal upon its palm. The figure Jed him to the room where wee Kate lay struggling with the disease that was so soon to claim one of the fairest flowers of earth—a .fate hastened by exposure and anguish of the past few days. The moonbeams had crept end now illuminated the sweet little face, now as pale as the snowflower, now flushed and pink. The -little breast heaved rapidly, the breath came and went in flickers. On a little table by the couch was placed her musical box; dumb* when its owner wished eo much to.hear "its tiny but beloved voice. , Bnt there were more than the three in that room. The awestrjick .man now face to face with the door that his Companion had preferred, saw the place was full of companies. The dead were there crowding each other, mocking, moving, grinning, crowding around the little sleeper. Forms were , there which belonged not to this earth nor to the land of ghosts; fiends from the depths of "perdition come to see the final act in the tragedy,that was to gi?e them a brother. '.•;'•.•• It seemed to him the figure .guided'his. hands to the box containingthe razor, opened it, and 'placed the implement in' his hands. Its steel blade glittered with a horrible blue in the moonlight. Then the figure spoke to him in that voice from the grave, , and told him how good it- was, how. well designed. . He would terminate in one moment his.life,- and that of the child he loved so dearly. The world would hear of the deed, and his revenge be complete. To their dying day it would be a reproach to Annie aid the Wilsons."• And ; when the deed was over, all would he peace, peace for evermore, the peace and'silence o£ the grave 1 -i How the ghosts and their dread comrades laughed. Aid yet he approached:the ^couch: -He Btooped do vm and looked atthcthih wasted form .of the child he lovea. Bo "svell; he examined the fair young neck.; And then— ';" Father, father,", said wee-'Katie, raising, herself up and throwing her arms around -his neck. " All is well now.' I have no fear, I know you will yet be happy. The angels have been with me to-niglit, and mother, dear mother, has ieeh here. And they gang to me, oh, so sweetly, better than my poor box, my poor dumb box. Father, promise me when I am gone to trust in the dear God who has been so good to me, who loves you so much, and who died for you. Oh, father, he is -not the awful <Jod you. think.'.. He is'ill love irid forgiveness. ^ Believe in Him, Jather, -believe in Him, as I do 1" •'-';.-. •.':'-• •••".>.';•'. . .. What sound was :this?f ..The razor dropping onthefioor,theman'slmeesa0:hekneltdown by. the couch. What change waB this coming ? Ware his eyes,deriving mm?;> The hor.rible shadows of the night ;vanished,;and iii their place appeared some boautifui and'gracious; forms, clad in robes of light. Eyery .jnopnbeam had its bright vision, beaming with heavenly lovo upon the wretched sinner. ':• ,' ; : -"Eatie,Eatie,"liecried;-"Thereisachange, The stone seems to have fallen out of my heart, the ehadovr is liffced'off iny soal. . .And -yet ", biit a few moments since "-—here he; • .shuddered—" I-was in hell, in the' midst of the* "spirits.of the devil and damned;" - " God . hasi hiard ihe,father, that;-is :all,"' said the child in reply. '"• He moved to get nearer to the couch. As he did so his foot struck against 'tbe;1a£b!e,; :: jt swayed, and the little box fell on to the ground. ' What;was the cause I know not";.but , he fall,must have started the maehmery, for' il.Jlf it-at nri phra&onm; Pn rim IT! nn tnnl n v -if« f-lmiv <;iivarv notesiingingfhrough'thechamb»r. • •'.•;;* :'Mhere.it. ia father," the child- cried in* ecstaoy, ".the voice from ^Heaven. -Don't you hearitfather?" _ .._ . ,;thereis3"pyto:;day; v - . ; For a tend.returning from the wild! •- - ,'-": Welcoming his wearyj wandering ciiild 1 . Glory I Giory! Iiowthe nugeis sing, ;; ; : Glory I 'Glpry I/how .tlie load harps ring ;;'Ii6.iUe : raiiBbmBdartayilike'a™^^^^. Yes! nessisover.the ^atherlmsreturnea'to^ and light, the daughter is about to enter, "where is neither Eoirow nor pain nor wear-.; ness nor tears. Ring the Bells of Heaven 1 Eingoutthepeal o'fthespiritohorn:agaiii,in"' this world and in that wmch is to come. ;•;'; ; People came hi 'and .stood around the he'S but,tlie'father noticed ihem.'inot;Vthe repentant Annie, whose lover had met her, the dear boy Willie, who had returned with them to see.his little sisto. "Tor ;a" tilne'.filie -rallied, .' clasping the hands of her dear Urolhcr, Jier restored father^ : Biit when his gift came to that air "which .it had played the night her mother -died, the Jlesaenger ' appearecl. ithe ; wings of the Angels nestled in the room.. " : «'She is here," said wee Katie, looking upwards, at a moonbeam that lovingly Tested iipori ;lhe /iaiiaeal'. box,. I -fiear her,;„lihearj: her. Ahl there it is"— , Home, sweet home, our home for ever, Woaiy pilgnmages past, "Wciconied home to ivander never, . ; . 1 Saved through Jesus—Home at last. " :"• 