■M.JSI isHCU: ■veto pre-i -■R, meeting was held at Randwick. With the exception, perhaps, of Hobart, there is no place where I enjoy racing so well as 1 do at at Randwick. ^ been laid out so j iv., *' V"""™ —WWU UUViVUb SO that everyfeature m a race can be seen: the rtand is bo easy of access that there is not difficulty in reaching it, and altogether the arrangements are first-class. But though I have seenacrowdjetimated at 20,000, 1 doubt if ever monf®iian 15 000 people visited Randwick onffitsingle £eteu.ol 1)6 n° 4oubt®t next to the Melbourne Cup the ^dney Cup is the greatest handicap event of the. year, and I think the A.J.C. might easily insure a considerable increase in the attendance and a corresponding addition to its funds, if pwwere to run the St Leger on Easter Satur day and the Cup on Easter Monday. This is a suggestion which I made privately some time ago to some of the leading members of n^uCl5r'Snd -1 J10?* to 8ee Jt acted upon. Hitherto the club has run the St beger on Easter Monday and the Cup on the Wednes day. Now, as everybody knows, Australians are great holiday folk, and devote half Satur day to the patronage of Bporta and pastimes, bo that by securing the Satuaday the club would have far more people at Randwick than would visit the course on the Wednes day, even to Bee the Cop, and there would be a corresponding increase in the attendance on Easter Monday, which ia always a public holiday in Sydney. At the CoJebrook (Tasmania) races lost week, Torchlight (by Fireworks from The Fly), claimed First Light, the. winner of the double,, and; Clarendon,, the winner of the Maiden Plate. So well-bred a sire should be a success with good mares, and as several have visited him during his sojourn in Tas mania We may expect to hear of more of his progeny' proving victorious, Denmark won another hurdle race for his. owner, whose von de course is " Mr. S. M, Wilson," and nobody in the island colony better deserves a victory. Both of these winners are de scendants of Fisherman, for Torchlight's dam, The Fly, was by the old Heron horse, and Denmark's sire, Horatio, was by Fisher man's son Moribymong. What with The Assyrian, Manuka, Monarqne, Lapidist, Torchlight, and Filhbuster, Tasmania should be pretty well off for thoroughbred sires this season, and as Messrs. field and Page have a number of well-bred mares the island should produce a racehorse or two during the next few years. It is somewhat remarkable that not one of the first three in die Maribyrnong Plate is en gaged in the Normanby Stakes, to be run on New Year's Day. The Hon. James White has three in his name, but lolanthe is not ©neofthem, nor is Barga Mr. A. F. Smart has six, ana Mr. De Mestre seven, including Coir, while among the South Australian division is the flying Helene, who should be quite herself at the beginning of the new year. Gratitude and Sandal are also in the list, so that South Australia, on paper, looks more dangerous than either Victoria or New South Wales. Hie open character of the race should render it one of the most in teresting two-year-old events of the season. Although Victoria is so often beaten by the visitors in the equine contests that take place at Flemington, she has provided the other colonies with some of the stoutest and beat of their sires and brood mares. One that distinguished himself in many a hard fought contest was Mr. John Tait's gallant horse Melbourne, one of the best of Panic's son a He found a resting- place in Queens land, where, it waa once rumoured, he had died from thirst, but there was no truth in the statement, soul I am glad to see that a son of his was yictorious in the Queensland Derby run at. Brisbane last week. Wheatmeal is from the imported mare Wheatsheaf, and is therefore halt brother to the A. J.C. Derby winner Wheatear, no that he lieiongs to a running family. Wheatmeal was bred by the late Sir J. P. Bell, and was purchased by Mr. W. H. Kent when the stud was disposed oL Nk. Smart informs me that he hopes to have Warwick all right again by theautumn, and, if so, he is bound to have a cut in for the St Leger and Champion Stakes, for both he and Archie are engaged in these events. I notice, also, that Mr. Kent has Wheatmeal engaged in the St Leger, and, aa this colt has just won the Queensland Derby, he may consider it worth the trouble and expense to said him down. It was pleasant, indeed, to find that Mr Septimus Miller was so successful at Wil liamstown last week, no less than three of the events falling to his share, and nobody could begrudge Mr. A. F. Sullivan a well deserved win with Squire. In fact, one of the most gratifying features of the past racing carnival has been the success that has attended good sportsmen. Cassiopeia, who won the Truganina Stakes for Mr. Miller, is a member of the well-known Twilight family, which the late Mr. John Coldham was bo fond of, and Cooreena ia by The Peer from Nevada, a mare that I expect to see breed a great racehorse some day. Ironmaster ran like a brute in the BOrodgh Handicap, fairly stopping to kick when waked to struggle, and, as he performs thia feat often on the training ground, I'm afraid he will always prove a most unreliable animaL I- have seen him gallop like a racehorse in private, and he can ao so in public if he chooses to try, but there is no trusting him. - The Sydney Mort&ufffrald;&evoted; a lead ing article toCup Day, in. which it expresses a surprise that the great carnival of Victoria should be the only truly metropolitan f(U m Australia. Says the writer : — " There are other races through the year,greater events in e very sen se, mare thorough trials of thehorsra, and for heavier stakes, of lot stronger attrac tion to the trained critic* of sport, and, it would be supposed, of «t least equal attrac tion to the multitude?1 lohtmld like to know where they are. As Mt Clibborn instiy re marked to me only a few dayfi agoItistue press of Victoria that-has made the Cup day what it ia. The-exhaustive reportsof the noes, the areptoe,pkiurei fainted to words by those? .Who - are deputed to depict the scenes th tfiestand, on the lawn and the hill; the starring incidents by road, ralL fcrid river : the tetoma of e veryprepara toiy gallop tafeeri « Flemington, have all cofltttb5t®dmo« largely to make Cup day wh^' im^m dteSirhe fo right The pN8> hah "">*** it the national festival of the year, and has ably^seconded the efforts of theclub in giving full publicity to everything ^ hw been^^ etthe head-quarters ol racing, and toe members ofthe fourth estate oaq Iaf -miction to thcic oonls that, to witneaSW* great contest, the'immense crowd ls as well-dressed, aa happy, as sober,, and probaWy ca honest, certainly as able, u the demurtet body of mtmens that vere congregated together to hold high festival. 4 • . . , AnMr Land, and Lady Boaebecy arrived at Anck luniiyweHixnomwwniumvuwwnv It is greatly to be regretted that our diatin-. cot carry out tbrir l flcu direct to:iCwM tvebeen and Flemington in the summer is not nearly so charming as it is in the spring. Among the very few prophets that selected Martini-Henry for the Derby was " Warrior," the Melbourne correspondent of the Otaffo Wttness. The attention of Australian racing men is directed to the home letter of" Robin Hood," tn which it is announced that the largest stake ever run for is to be contested at Sandown-park in July, 1886. The added money will be £10,080, and the distance a mile and a quarter*. It is a pity that such a race should be run Over so short a distance. U it were intended to test the stamina of the horses of the world the distance should have been at least two miles. The race is open to foals and upwards, and closes on the 16th December. Entries may be made by telegraph, and I should like to see such sportsmen as Messrs. White, Wallace, Pearson, and others representing Australia, but the conditions are not liberal enough to allure Australians from their homes. rlhe full conditions will be found in our advertising columns. By advertisement, the Hay Jockey Club announce that the Maiden Plate of 50 sova, to be run at the May meeting, is now open, and entries can be made from this date. Referring to Hay reminds me that the secretary has forgotten to Bend in a return of the last race meeting for insertion in the next Turf Register. On Thursday next, the second day of the Wagga meeting, Mr. A. T. Bolton will dispose of a number of well-bred horses which should suit the tastes of some of the visitora They are by John Bull, Australian, Blue Peter, The Friar, Pioneer, Nedji, Paris* Infidel, and Tarragon, and as most of them are from! highly-bred mares, they should not be lost sight of by those who may be in the vicinity. Paul, who was sold to Mr. Kelly, on Tues day for 101 guineas, was subsequently dis posed of to T. Hales at £5 profit. The friends of P. Pigott will be glad to hear that he is progressing favourably. A boy in Air. Dutfet's employ, at Caulfield, met with a serious accident on Monday. He bad led Black Jacket into town, and while in the eity he was run over and so severely injured that he had to be taken to the hos pital. Settling over the late V.R.C. meeting took place at the Victorian Club on Monday morn ing and evening. The bookmakers had some thing the worst of the bargain, perhaps, though Victorian backers were smitten liip and thigh. Two of the latter were numbered among the " missing," but it is quite possible that one will come to time in the course of a day or two. The other, I hear, has left his re sidence in SouthYarra for fresh fields and pas tures new. The bulk of the money has gone to New South Wales, the Hon. James White and his friends having thrown in for good stakes. Victoria can claim the honour of having bred The Painter, whose life was very short in New Zealand, but who seems to have left behind him some pretty fair stock. At the Wangaaui meeting Ahua, by tins horse, won the Maiden Plate and the Ladies' Bracelet. Theprincipal race,however, was the Wanganni Stakes of 150 so vs., which was won by Mr. S. Poweifa Bayard, by Tubal Cain from Royal Heart, by The Marquis, beating six others. The course was in a terrible condition from heavy rains, and the time was very slow, 4m. 12*9. for the two miles. At the Cromwell meeting Ouida, by Tubal Cain from" Argosy, won the Maiden Plate. Mr. William Bailey has named his colt by Robinson Crusoe from Luna, "Selkirk," a very appropriate christening indeed, and 1 hope the worthy Bailarat sportsman may have better luck with him than has fallen to his lot of late. Two illustrious strangers have made their . appearance at Bundoora-park during the past few days, one being a tflly by Angler mom ; Lurline, and the other a filly by Angler from Topax. Although two horses named The Joker ran at Flemington on the lost day of the V.R.C. meeting I did not hear of any action having been taken by the stewards. Mr. M. O'Shanassy lost a valuable brood mare in Mendicant a short time ago. She was by Fireworks from Ragpicker, and was purchased at the break-upofthe Maribyrnong stud for 610 guintes. She leaves a colt by King of the King, which I hope will some day compensate his owner for the loss of the mare. Mr. Andrew Town ought to have a good sale on the 17th January, when the Hobart vHle yearlings will be disposed of by Mr. CLibborn. There will be a great gathering under those magnificent oaks which are the pride of the Richmond sqpire, and I expect to hear of big prices being given for the half sister to lolanthe, and the full sister to Rich mond, Palmyra, Ac. The young Grand Flaneurs are very promising, and as many of them are from remarkably well-bred mares, no doubt they will be sought after by the racing men of Australia. In taking a retrospective glance at the V.R.C. spring meeting I cannot help con gratulating the importer of old Fisherman upon the extraordinary success that attended the efforts of the descendants of the equine hero who died before his time at Mari byrnong. " He should have died hereafter." Poor old fellow, how he was denounced by his enemies when he fiat came to Victoria. His fame, however, has outlived the de nunciations of his detractors, raid once more his progeny have covered his name with dory. Martini-Henry, lolanthe, Ike, Otaa, Paul. The Broker, Dukedom, King of the Gipsies, and Off Colour form a splendid col lection of the Fisherman tribe, and all were winners at tire iate meeting; white his great dson, First Water, ran second to the )ur American cousins have been doing re tall records in the trotting line, Jay b See having succeeded, in beating all of 5BV Jkvn* tit gumu V«| nuvav inds unrivalled. At the Phmdence meet l in September the dub gave 2,800. dollars ife in the splendid "time of ftnf S^^e'vras lowed a abort spell, and then essayed tire; it of beating the scythe-bearer. I cannot better than give the Spiritjffhe Timf/ft scription of tills extewtmnaity fedt:-^ Hre ceremony bf weighing hfrp- : DO uUDODB&i; iiltllW iCOKu . ujw ww ee ortwl^ in the W mi en brought him np yoee to the nole, rigg the^aignal roped at tire gated timff to let the jtimfer, inoned at the haH-tnHe r pole, kttotr when start his watch. ThSgsF " off, and each spectator _ m. There is not a drop i bodytwlre>r»ti»eeq^ trotter to toce toe pace, whkhTia fwr cwsMoa? iwerifgi stand in the way of great, but Bither kept him steadily at work, and he- reached the quarter-pole in 84 seconds. Grandly the horse looked an be swept op the back stretch, making the second quarto in 32& seconds: There the timer shouted "107, send him along," and for the first time Bither asks him tog?; gallantly he responds, and keeps up a 2.10 clip to the three-quarter pole, which is reached in L89, the middle half being made in L05. Down the homestretch tire pace is terrific, and on passing the distance Bither is driving him with one hand, switching the whip With the other, but not touching the horse, who is finishing very strong, even after the last stride is taken, and he passes under the wire in 2.1M." There was tre mendous excitement at the finish, and when the judges hung out the record, a hearty cheer resounded all over the course. At the same meeting in a mile trot for a 5,000 dollar purse, Director won three out of four heaty in 2m. 192a, 2m. 19£a, and 2m. 20s. As the Wagga meeting is ciose upon as, Mr. Scarr has lost no time in declaring the weights for the Cup and other big races. Ata first glance Pell Mell looked a moral certainty for the Cup, but his running on Monday satis fied me that the horse had either lost his form or was a long way from being himself. The Drummer heads the list with 9at 31b., but latterly he has not kept up his reputation, though, perhaps, as the season advances he may give us another taste of his quality. The' Gem's Metropolitan victory has not been for gotten by Mr. Scarr, though even now the game Bon of Keipie meets First Demon on much better terms. Stockdale's second in theCanlfield Cup raised bim somewhat in the estimation of handicappeis, and he is placed third on the list, while a good performer like Morpeth was bound to receive a prominent position. Cunnamulla won last year, and if. he is in the humour next week I see nothing to prevent him placing another gold cup to Mr. Hall's credit, for 8at 91b. is a nice racing weight for so excellent a performer. Colstoun has gone amiss, and I doubt if Odd Trick will accept with 8st 7lb. to his name. Eva and Kathleen M&vourneen; ought to have a fair chance at 6st. 51b. each. In the Grand Stand Handicap I don't see anything in than Glou cester, and next to him Bryan O'Lynn and Boniface, and as Gloucester will not start, one of the other two should be very handy Of those engaged in the Hurdle Race Byron looks the best upon paper, and for the Steeplechase 1 like nothing better than Song ster and Shamrock. On Tuesday last I was delighted to see The Barb go into such good hands as those of Mr. Henry Bowler, for I felt certain that his lines would be cast in pleasant places at Mitt a Mitta. The (fid fellow was as gay as a lark, and his extraordinary muscular development was the theme of admiration. Mr. Bowler informs me that he will Belect ten of his best young mares for him this season, and during the remainder of the gallant black's life will confine hire to a simitar number each season: The fine-looking colt Illusion was knocked down to Mr. John Crorier for 800 guineas, and I believe he will go into the Locmeys stable, whence came The Assyrian and The Israel ite. First Water was purchased by Mr. Fen nelly for Mr. Moore, and it is said he will go to India, whither Rhesus ss also bound. A rumour to the effect that Martini-Henry was foaled on the 14th July, 1880, has been pretty freely circulated during the week, but there is not any foundation for it. It appears that some years ago one of the best of the Middle-park mares, Idalia, I think, had a colt foal in July, and he was named after the month, and from this has been hatched the mare's-nest, which has caused some little excitement Anyhow, Mr. Barn field has been in telegraphic communication with the Auckland Stud Company, to whom he has apphed for the date of the colt's foaling, but he has not received a reply. As Tibballs had not had Mr. William Field's Thsmauian horses long enough in hand to get them into proper form, it was deemed advisable not to start them at the late meeting of the Y.R.C., but they will in all probability put in an appearance at the next meeting of the Y.A.T.C. By a reference to the tabulated statement of the prises paid over by. the V.R.C., it will be seen that the Hon. James White received over £5J10kmstak*sra very handsome sum. indeed, to winat one meeting. Lord William Berealord met with a eerious accident in India in September. He was jumping a horse over an insignificant obstacle, and toe animal blundered and fell, rolling over his rider, who lay unconscious for some rime. When ne rallied it was found that he had put his shoulder out, and was severely bruised. At the Dehra Sky Meeting ha was not able tobe present, but his Australian, gelding, The Mate, won toe Hurdle Race, and his Arab pony, Actseon, the Gimcrack Stakes. In the Corinthian Stakes Load Beres ford's English gelding. Pilots met the Aus tralian gelding, Rejected, but though Rejected carried 9st 121b. to the English horse's 8st 121x, the Australian won easily- by three lengths ; Mr. John Wilson's Syndicate was third. The Indian papers state that Mr. Weekes hod arrived, having lost over 50 horses, most of them having Men killed in & terrific gate experienced off Cape Leuwm, bat that Mistaken triH The Ghost were all right. From the suae source I learn that Mr. Mait Iand has gone to Bangalore, asd that Qfeear DigTHmrhasa real clipper in toe Australian mare Suarry locks, who hasbeen entered for the Colonials, Dsrbhangn Cop, Viceroy's Cup and otoerbig^aees: A most unbhishmg act of literary piracy has been committed by toe London Spor&ttp; Mirror republishing without toe slightest' acktaoivlwlgment Gordon's celebrated pbetri "Hbw WrBeat toe Favourite." Not long ago anlridkre magaxmecommitted the sam» nnpaidcmabKcffeftce. •' ' li■' ^JThose who h&vejhotsea; are reimndedtoatthey will have'talpham befoie 8 p-nkonEriday will he ccq^e^attseptore. the Dirk Hatteraick ar.d The Broker in J. Mor-' risor.'s hands to be t.repared. Mr. De Me^e received a telegram curing the week stating that <>yy*anot Had dropped & bssetiru! chesnut colt to Robinson Crusoe. , This youngster is, therefore, full brother to ' Navigator, Lady Laura and Charity also Lave colt foels. i!r. Vo--!es has published the Bendigo •lokey '"lab handicaps, and it will b? seen , that in the Sandhurst Cap he has taken par ti'.u'ar care of The Israelite. I do not think ; anyV.-iy hut those most interested will take j exception to the w-igrit he has allotted the | V.K.I ". Spring Ha:.di>vap dinner, for he von that mid- an 1 a quarter race so easily that ! there is to saying hov much he bad in hamL j I have o>.!y just gia&oed; over _ the weights. • and f&n;'y that Fryirgron. Squireen. Firing j Jib. ani Wotonza are the ir-st in. but I will ; Lave more to say about these events nert J week. i Sir William Cl-rkr had no*, any lock at the ; Jate me -tir-g <-t th • V. L.C. It was no fault of I Yeend'a, for the if rses were trained weii, but j the/were not dots enough ; and if the squire j of Sun bury wishes to see his scarlet acd ; white jacket in front, fee must secure some- J tiling better. County Squire is not worth | teedsnz. and as Bwdeanx lias a weak spot in ; his head iie should be sent back to the stud. ! Vernet. however, is a useful colt, and some j day may win a little race for Sir William, who j probably lost his most valuable animal when i the Angler—Petrea colt died. One Navigator would enter a sale ring without •' creating some competition, but so it was on : Thursday, when Messrs. Vuille and Co. sub- ' mitted the celebrated black son of Robinson ; Crusoe. I don't think any others of Mr. Ib ; Mes tie's change I hands, but I believe there is , a probability of Coir nnding a new owner at the reserve price, 1,000 guineas, and several i of the others were subsequently sold privately ! at prices which seem to me to be far below : their value. I believe Ike realised 400guineas. ; Nicholas 350 guineas, and afterwards 4-V) ■ guineas being resold i. Ai'ie-de-Camp has' been resold to Mr. File for £'450 guineas. 1 The visitors that left for Adelaide by the i South Australian had a very rough time of it. J the weather being so tempestuous that the j captain deemed it advisable to put into Port- i land. Several of the passengers left the boat j there, and completed the trip overland, j Lady Carrington, Bob Cooper, and two or; three other South Australian jumpers were 1 on hoard, and were knocked about a good ! deaL It was fortunate that Helens, San]ins. j and others did not go by the same boot I • believe Saniius is under offer to a New Zea-1 land sproitsm in tor 1,500 guineas. j intending visitors to tire Wast ra es are i informed that a special train will leave Ilei- \ bourne at lG.55a.cn. on Tuesday next, the j 20th November, and will arrive at Woam at j &L5; p.m. The return journey from Wagga j will commence at IL50 a.tn. on >utGrday j next, and Mellroorne will be reached at 7.50 j p.m. The reasonable charge of £3 4a. will be j made for return t ckets. ; Amxg the entries /or the Darbhanga Cup j (India; are the Australian horses Palmeraon, | Ween Queensland, Somerset, Paragraph, Statesman, Transferred, Adventurer, Jack in i the Green, Nulquine, Caspian, Salvage, i Gudarr. and Sylvan us. Most of these were j pretty well known here before tbey left for ■ India, and so excellent a lot of performers ! must do credit to Australia. I notice in the j list of entries for the Grand Annual Hurdle i Race the names of Palmetuon, Sir Peter, Jack, Ecarte, and At Last, all Australians, and three of them excellent performers in their native land. In the Btudwan Cup, it addition, to the principal Australian horses, there are the English horses Reputation, Father Pruut, and Little Charlie. Books have been opened on the Wangs Cup, and some support has been awarded to CunnamnHa at 100 to 12, while Here's Luck has been backed at 100 to 7. On the second day of the Brisbane meeting H beatmeat distinguished himself by winning the Mares' Produce Stakes and the Prince of Wales Cup. The Brisbane Cup was won by Pilot Mr. Kendall, the veterinary surgeon, will deliver a lecture at Professor Sample's tent this evening, when all the pupils of our American visitor are requested to attend. 