The debate upon the Address in Reply to the Governor's speech was a very tame affair. It seems to us to have been but a recapitulation of previous speeches made in electioneering tours, and in factitxouldnoihavebeen well other wise. AH that could be said in favor of the Land Grant system had been said, and Mr. Griffith's small criticisms only showed the weakness and smallness of his investigation, and his inability to grasp the great points rcaliy at issue. What these really are we suppose will be developed in the course of the next week, but whether or not, it is our duty to lay them fairly before our readers. Briefly, as respects the present Ministry, they are these : — When they came into power they found an exhausted Treasury and an affrighted country. The Tiile graph told us then that capitalists would not invest because the revenue was deficient and the value of property was depreciated, and that the reason was that there was no confidence in the character or influence of the Mcllwraith adminis tration. Now, at the present time, property is worth at least twice what it was then, although the Ministry have been in power for four years. Who then is the country to trust, the false prophets or the real voi'.keks, whose influence has been thus evidenced, and in fact speak for themselves ? We are not blind lo the faults ot the Mcllwraith administration. There has sometimes been too great a display of imperiousness — a sort of insistence upon a policy because they introduced it — perhaps justified by llie thorough inca pacity of their opponents — but not always wisely shown. But we have to take men as they are given to us ; and if these gentleman have so wrought for the colony that it is richer, happier, more prosperous, and mare fecund in the elements of prosperity than it was four years ago, why lie to thtir virtues very kind, Be to tUir faults a. litllo blind. ?i There are really only two points of policy that we have to consider. The miserable feculence of slander which dis figured the sessions of 1S80 and iSSi has rotted itself out. Ministers are not now supposed to be rogues or combina tions of capitalist swindlers. That line of attack Mr. Griffith has abandoned. We are no\v,thcn face to face with lhc two great points' — the land grant system of rail ways, and the quesiotn of colored labor. They arc the two questions upon which the colony has to decide, rightly or wrongly, but still we trust with discrima nation ar.d judgment. What the speeches may be, and what the opinions expressed in the Assembly, we cannot tell, and to say the truth, are not much troubled about. The wavering opinions of a dying' parliament are simply to be treated as bequests to their constituencies in the hope of resuscitation. Hut what this district and the colony has to consider is this : — Parliament after all here is but a magnificent vestry deal ing with a sort of enlarged municipality. None of those grand great questions which trouble European Statesmen are here to vex our party leaders, unless, like Sir Thomas Mcllwraith, as in the case of New Guinea. They travel beyond the ordinary narrow line and consider the welfare of all the colonies and the real interest of the Empire. And thus narrow ing our views we put these three questions to our readers— i. If in the face of the necessity for future loans we have to appeal tothchome market, who is most likely to be received there with respect ? :. If capital is essential to our progress who is most likely to be successful in procuring it ? 3\. If labor always follows where means of paying for it are most abundant, is it not those who are most efficient in finding the means who are entitled to the best support of tlie people ? There can be no doubt that a Parlia mentary Opposition has most valuable and important duties to perform in the working of Parliamentary Government, and should the country feel disposed by its votes at the next general election to dis pense, for the present at least, with the services of Sir Thomas Mcllwraith arid his colleagues, it is highly desirable and important that by such a course of action it should not be the means of placing the Premiership in commission. A leader should be one who leads — not a man who is merely chosen by his party to go to the front. The present aspect of affairs in regard to what is termed the Liberal Part)' naturally leads to the conclusion that Mt. Griffith, although professing to be the leader of the Opposition, is virtually nothing more than one of their number put forward from the incapacity of his Parliamentary supporters to make the best of a bad job and assume the position of their nominal leader. There can be no gainsaying the fact that a vast number of Mr. Griffith's friends and ivould-be stroporters are by no means in accord with some of the most Important principles lie proposes, and we need not go further back in proof of the correct ness of this assumption than to his speech recently made when addressing his hearers at Mackay. Unfortunately for Mr. Griffith he has among his confidants and advisers several political wild fowl, such as Mr. William Brookes, always flying about and screeching their calls to those whom they are pleased to designate as the working man, and whom by the constant discharge of their political fireworks keep their party upon the verge of an explosion. Mr. Griffith, when at Mackay, fenced as he always has done that most important question, namely, the employment of colored labor on sugar plantations. Upon that question he has never been straightforward. It has neeer been difficult, however, to deteet through all his speeches every where that his personal proclivities are on the side of introducing colored labor to aid in tropical agriculture, but he has felt that he dared not avow it, as to oppose it has been for so long a time the war-cry of the working man, as he is termed, and the main, and in fact the only platform, upon which Mr. Brookes and his friends have been able to gain a footing at all as parliamentary representatives. If Mr. Griffith comes in at all as repre senting the Governments he will merely do so up'on an adverse vote upon the Transcontinental question ; upon no other question has he the ghost of a chance of upsetting the present Ministers, for, upon all other questions have the present rulers given evident satisfaction through out the country. Mr. Griffith, personally, is no doubt an honorable and straight forward man, but his political surround ings do not at all lead to the belief that if he gains power he will ever be able to retain it long, the Conservative party would very soon have to resume the reins. If, as it is said, an Opposition never means a policy, an Opposition absolutely requires a leader, nay, must have it, one who is able to keep his party together and under control if he aspwes to make a strong and vigorous Government honorable. Tadpoles alone gasping for office are not the style of men the country at the present time is at all likely to rest satisfied with for any length of time, or to view with satis fica.tion, or as at all a desirable exchange for our present rufes. Wish Folia-.— ' ftjr ten years my wife wus confioed to liar bed with ttuch a compli cation of ailments that no doctor could tell wbut was tfic matter or euro her, and I us^d u[- a small fortune in humbujr stuff. Six months ago 1 Baw an American fiaij with Hop Bitters on it, and I thought I would he a fool unco more. It tried it, but my folly proved to bis wisdom. Two liottles cmed her, elio is now as well nnd Ptroup &b; any man's wife, and1 it cost nio only two dollars.'— H. \V., Detroit, Mich. Kead. The cricket mutch between the UniverslieB of Oxford and Cambridge was concluded at Lord's to-day, Cambridge u-jnning by teven wickets. Tho Marquis Tteng. Chinese Ambassador in London, who has Intely bi-.en -U'goti&titiK; with tho Kreni'li Premie.-, denies that a settlement bas been arrived at with the French Govern ment as to the rival claims of France and China in TonquirJ. Tho Marquis Tseng, on behalf of bis .G-ivcrnmeut, absolutely decliues to yield the Suzerainty claimed by China over lonqaia. 