MONDAY, MAY 28, 1883. 'We might have thought that the late Colonial Secretary, Lord Gifford, would haTe for merely old association, sake have done more forthe Volunteer movement of this colony that he appears to have done. Instead, however, of rendering' them that assistance which they naturally looked forward to from a military man, it seems from what we can gather that it is mainly owing to his action that the military system of this Colony is in so depressed a condition. The Colonial Secre tary (Mr. Praser) has evidently hit the nail on the head at the right moment. Just as matters have reach ed, a climax, when the Staff Officer, who has for so many years labored unrewarded for his toil, has resigned apparently in disgust at the illiberality with which he has met, when our gallant defenders have turned out to do honor to Her Majesty the Queen, many of them travelling for miles for this purpose, to find that not even a bite of bread has been provided for their refreshment by their fellow citizens, whose interests they guard for absolutely no return ; and when the manosuvres of the troops are hampered for want of proper weapons, ammunition, and equipment. — we say, just as this combination of de pressing circumstances assail our local Military Force it is gratifying in the extreme to find that one mem ber of the Executive at least has grasped the situation, and that a decided effort is likely to be made this next session to put our Volunteer Force upon a safe and permanent basis. We cannot help here comparing the action of our Municipal authori ties with those of the Port of Freman tle. We cannot well wonder that the Perth Municipality did not prepare refreshments for our military visitors when they found it so difficult to give the parting Administrator a glass of perry (or cider, which was it ?) ; but we uoticed with pleasure the liberality of the Fremantle Chairman, who met a similar objection of deficiency of Municipal funds by defraying the cost of the entertainment of the. guard of-honor furnished there a few days back out of his own pocket ! Perhaps when elections come on he will ha.ve been found to have acted more wisely than the poor Matd of Perth ! 'We regret that the severe pressure upon our space compels us to hold over our report of Mr. Burnett's grand Saturday night meeting. From Tort, we learn that up to the present time only a few light showers have fallen, insufficient for ploughing purposes except on light or sandy soils. It is reported that Mr. Herbert Monger will be the future land lord of the York Hotel. It was known at Albany that the R.M.S. Carthage had reached the outer anchorage, (or King George's Sound proper) before the telegraph was closed this morning, at S o'clock ; but no intimation of the fact was made in Perth until fully an hour afterwards. This evening Mr. Burnett will hold an open air mass meeting in front of the Work ing Men's Institute, when, the subject of the address will be ' The conversion of an ex publican.' Afterwards an indoor meeting will be held in the Institute, when Mr. Burnett will speak upon 'The welcome home of the Prodigal Son,' illustrated by pictures from real life in Australia. The ghost- that disturbed and drove the tenants out of S. John's Cottage, close to the Odd-Fellows' Hall, Fremantle, was at the dead hour of the night, on Friday last, confronted with a ' colt/' A full explana tion of the mysterious franks played was wrung from the departing spirit, on con dition that a carpenter should visit the spot next week. This affair has cost the landlord no less than twenty pounds, and has driven seven or ei^ht respectable families away from the neighbourhood. Our 'Newcastle correspondent, writing on Saturday, says : — Steady rains fell during the early part of this week, but more is wanted. In the combined Cricket Match between Nbrtham and Newcastle v. York, the former were victorious by five runs. The match is considered to have been the best ever played on the Newcastle ground. Lambing will commence early in June. It is proposed to celebrate the Anniversary of the Colony here by Athletic Sports. Grass is very scarce. We hear tlat Mr. Seubert intends licen sing the premises lately occupied by Messrs. Thompson Sendey, & Co. contiguous to the Fremantle Railway Station, as an hotel, i chiefly for the sale of refreshments, and that arrangements are pending for a haudsome frontage and other improvements, to meet the wants of railway travellers. Numerous petitions in favor of the scheme are in circula tion, and are being voluntarily signed by the Perth, Guildford, and Fremantle people. It will certainly be a great convenience to the public, and relieve the present over crowding of the platform. On Friday afternoon a special meeting- of the City Council was held, when there was present the chairman (Cr. S. Burt), together with Crs. Christie, Harwood, Shaw, Sholl, and B. Smith. The chairman informed the Council that His Excellency Mr. Broome, C.M.G., would arrive at Fremanfcle on Friday next, but that the Mayor, who was a passenger to Albany by the steamer in I which. His Excellency was a passenger, ' would proceed overland to Perth, so that he would arrive in time to receive him. It was unanimously decided to present Hie Excellency with an Address, a draft copy of ^ which was read and approved of The butchers in Perth have agreed to raise the price of inutton one penny per lb- The sermons ,of ; Bishop .Party in S. George's Cathedral yesterday, morning and eveningv were based upon Mr. Burnett's mipninn to ftT'g Colony in the great ^am» of temperance. .bast Thursday JHr. Is. Connor purchased that property next to the Shamrock Hotel upon which stands the store which is at present; in the possession of Messrs'. Saon ders & Co. The amount paid for this really valuable allotment was .£2,100. At the special meeting of the City Coun cil which was held on Friday afternoon the never-ending- question of drainage was again introduced. After some discussion the City Surveyor was directed to inspect the drains complained of and to see what could be done. When the result of the late trial of the case of Townshend v. Hanlon was made known in Geraldton universal sympathy was felt and expressed for Mr. Hanlon, who, his fellow-townsmen think, has suffered very hardly for an unwitting violation of the technicalities of the law. Nothing more has been heard abont the suspected barbarous murder which is sup posed to have been lately committed near Kojonup. This district is in. the charge of Mr. Inspector Hare, and it seems to be utterly beyond the power of that officer to deal with the matter. So much, for appoint ing persons who have never had. any practical experience to- such, responsible positions. On Friday Cr. B. Smith drew the atten tion of the Chairman of the City Council (Mr. S. Burt) to the fact that at public re ceptions, &c;, the members of the Council never knew what position or place to take ; he thought that they should always be close to the Mayor, to support him. The Chairman said he agreed with Cr. B. Smith, as, without the Council, the Mayor was no body, and promised to bring the matter under the notice of His Worship as soon as he returned to Perth. This evening, at the Freemasons' Hotel Perth, a meeting will be held for the purpose of deciding finally certain prelim naries with reference to starting the proposed Metropolitan Club. A number of intending members are expected to be present, to consider the rules and the com mittee's suggestions relative to the premises proposed to be leased for the Club's operations. We understand that Mr. E. F Sholl has signified his willingness to be come one of the Vice- Presidents. We wonder who is the extraordinary person who acts as telegraph correspondent to the Adelaide Chronicle. In the latest number of this paper to hand we find three following curious items of news. That Mr. James Cowan had been appointed Acting Attorney i General. That His Excellency the Ad ministrator had appointed ' Mr. W. A. Stone aide-de-camp' And that Mrs. Higham, of Fremantle, had fallen down dead in her shop. Certainly it seems on the face of it to be almost impossible that any Western Australian could have been guilty or mating- sucn a concatenation oi blunders in so small a space, about such locally well-known incidents. Who, then, can be the correspondent in question ? A little piece of information concerning the natives at Beagle Bay and their treat ment by the whites, furnished by the author of a paper on travel in that region now appearing in The Australasian, is worth reproducing. He says : — ' At the encamp ment of the Meda. Eiver Co. there were generally about 15 natives loafing about, and the conduct of some of the recentlyar rived white shepherds was highly sugges tive of future trouble, being a course com posed of coarse familiarity diversified with practical jokes and rough sternness. On the shore at Beagle Bay there were nearly 150 men, women, and children. The men had the upper front teeth broken out or ex tracted, and they kept a watchful eye over the gins. Some of these blacks had remark ably, good heads, and a boy, obtained from some blacks of this district and brought away with the consent of the parents, was a very fine specimen of the black race, and as a representative specimen amply suffi cient to contradict the assertions of the older ethnologists, who styled the Australian aborigines the lowest in the scale of human beings/' Business at the City Court has, we are glad to say, been unusually slack during the ! last ten days. On Saturday there were only two cases brought before the notice of the j Bench. In the one, an aboriginal woman, named Mary, was sent to gaol for seven ' days for drunkenness, as she could not j pay the fine of 10s. which was imposed j upon her. The other case was that of the ! ChiTiii.Tnri.Ti Kim Chong, who was remanded j yesterday week upon the amended charge j of having been in Mrs. Shentoa's garden I for some unlawful purpose. When he was j brought up before the prisoner pretended j to be silly, and was remanded for eight I days, in order that he might undergo a j medical examination. The Medical Officer, j however, reported that there was nothing ! the matter with him. When he was asked, ! thongh an interpreter, what he had to say, i the prisoner, who has only been about a | fortnight in the Colony, replied tbat in ! China any person was at liberty to pick up fruit which was lying upon the ground; but as the arresting constable swore that he ; saw him pick some fruit from the trees the Police Magistrate sentenced him to fourteen days* imprisonment, with hard labour. 