A FAMILY GHOST. Br Henby Grayson. Oir Madame I effingwell had the misfor tune to bo born of an old family, and her last words were : ' If a child of mine marries beneath him, I will come back to curso him !' Kvon in that terrible moment, Estclln, the only daugter of tho crone, could not refrain from glnncing at Charles, the younger san, nor could he help blushing. T^ ? ?t ? *-t» ? i__ .,. . ? i ? __x -n«i .cor it was unarjes mat maaamo motni}. to ward was married, and tho father of a family, and Estella could not be spoken of as ' him.' Nothing now remained in the old home to tell of Madame Lefllngwell'e reign there but her portrait — a stately full length, not unlike a handsome Qu -on iliznbetl), in its bluck vclv t robes and diamonds, the eflcct heightened by the ruff.« which mother and daughter both affected, though fashion forbade them to have the Elizabethan height. One bright day it pleased Mrs. Edward Lef fingwell to visit her sister-in-law, and to bring her two children and their governess with her. ' You have so much room, and are so hospit able, Stella,' she said, ' that I shall make no excuses whatever. Miss Mellon can sleep wherever the children do ; nnd we all want a week of country air so much.' AIi»s JTBlella was obliged to smilo and utter words of welcomo, but she could have stabbed dark-eyed Mies Mellon, with the hand she held out to her. As for the governess, her blood was boiling at the thought that bIic had come to the huso of one who bad behaved as Charles Lefiingwell had done — who had won her heart and then forgotten her. Miss Alellon's coldness, and his mothnr's last words, his wish to be dutiful, nnd his desire to be happy, all drove poor Charles to distraction's vorge ; and one day his self-restraint came to an end with tho siglit of Miss Mellon in a pen sive mood, quite alone in the library, setting copies for her young charges. All the little governess know of the matter was that thero was a moment whon she felt up though she should faint ; that when it passed he was on his knees at her feet; that his arm was about her waist, and he was telling her all that she longed to hear. Ho loved her; bo adored her; lie should kill himself if she re fused to bo his wife, for he could not livo with out her. And whon lhey parted she wore his ring upon hor finger. ' My ueur Estella,' said young Mrs. Lefling well, a fow days after, ' thoro is something going on that you really ought to know. Charles and Bosa Mellon aro engiged.' ' Have yon lost your senses ? or have I ? or is it Charles who has gono mad?' asked Miss Es tolla, in awful tones. ' CharleB is quite right in his mind,' said the young matron. 'RoBa Mellon is as good as she is pretty. A great deal prrttior than I am, Es tella, and you did not wondor thut Sdward chose mo.' ' You were a Do Courcv,' said Miss Icffine well. ' That had Dothing to do with it, Stella,' said Mrs. Lefiingwell; 'nothing.' 'And Eosa Mellon's mother takes in washing doesn't she?' askol f Stella, languidly. ' Wa»hing ? You ought to bo ashamed of yourself I Poor Mrs. Mellon, whon left a ?widow, restored fine old lace elegantly.' ' xhe must have washed it,' Bneored EBtolla. ' Well,' said Mrs. Lofiingwell, ' she wub a lady, at all ovonts ; and Eosa had a perfect education ; and Charles is right. Now don't bo unpleasant.' ' I shall not say a, word,' paid Wiss TTstella ; ' but how can Chariot forget his mother s dying words ?' ' But perhaps your mother might not think that Charles married beneath him if he married Bosa Mellon,' said Mrs. Lofiingwell. ' I am euro mamma alluded to BoBa,' repliod the spinster. But as Estella Baid rotliing severe, thojoung people were happy. ^When Ho3a went away, her future sister-in-. law even kissed her, and Charles was grateful. Ho also had come to the conolusion that Mrs. Loffingwall could not - have thought Bosa beneath him, and tho comfort of the thought was very groat. Me sat that ovening alone in the room in which that full-length picture of his mother hung. He had been reading by the light of a Btudent's lamp. Thoro was no other in tho worn. Tlio hours had followed each rther to their graves until tbo twolf th was buried. A dozen silver strokes had been made upon the bell of the old dock by the little silvor figure of 'lime, who struck it with, his soythe when eaob. new hour was born. : Charles felt vory fond of all tho world just thon — the worl.i that ma lo him so happy. His book, a romantio story, such as peoplo aroprono to rend at such timo, was jiut finished. Ho still held it botweon his fingers ; but his hand had droppod ovor tho arm of the Turkish chnir in whioh he sa*, and his eyes wero fixed upon the portrait of his mother. ! ' Dear mother,' he said to himself, ' how good you wor-i to me ! Stern and cold hy nuturc, you still lovod mo fondly. Ah, if you wero with mo again ! ' In tho dim light of the room tho picture soomed strangely lifo-liko. The young man's emotions overcame him and ho spoko aloud : .' Ah, mother, if you oould return,' ho said, 'it would bo to toll mo I hud done well,' Almost as the words passed his Hps, ho saw, .rising from tho floor, or from behind the pio tare, what seomed like. a column of smoke. It was white and thick. Ho Boomoil to catch such an odour as. drifts down the aisle of a cathedral when tlio. censor is swung bofore the altnr. His first thought was of firo ; but tho strango porfuuie produced un indescribable effect on him. Instead of starting to his feet, ho sat riveted tohis cbuir with thoso strange thrills that super natural terrors somehow cause, running tbrougli hii wholo fiame. And as ho sat thus, llio strango white smoke coverod hie inoiller's picture, and from its midst a figure stepped forth nnd slo id bofore him. her yellow lace ; his mother, as tho artist had psintal hor, but with brows sternly bent and a warning finger upliftod, as it bad boen when in early childhood ho hud offended her. Hii mother's Bpirit. Ho had no doubt of it. He sunk upon his knees, stretching out his arms towards her. ' Mother,' he said, ' do you eomo to bless me ? to tell me I havo dono right ? Tell mo, mothor !' The hps of tbofiguro moved ; and from them, slowly, ono by one, these words dropped into tho silenco of tho room : ' Remember — my — dying —words !' Then the figuro disappeared, the strange, perfumed smoke faded away, and his mother's piemvd looked down on him as it had done bo i'oro, It was not long before young Mrs Letting well cumo to her sister-in-law's homo again . She came alone this time, and at onco sought' Charles in the room in which he hod shut him self up, excopt at meal times, for more than two weeks. She entered it, shut the door behind her, seated herself, and spoke gravely: ' Charles, what is this between yourself and Bosa ? bho is very sad. She has told me that all is over between you. Is it Estella who has caused thia ?' 'Estella is kindness itself,' said Charles. ' Sho is as grioved, as terrified, as I am ; but none of us dare disobey a voice from the grave.' ' Kxplain yourself, Charles,' said Iub sister in-law. ' My mother has eomo from her grave to forbid the marriage!' said Charles. 'So; I am not mad, sister. And then ho told her in what way his mother's spirit had appeared to him. ' You slept and drenmt, Charles !' said Mrs. Lefiingwell. 'No, that I deny; would I not rejoice to think it so !' replied Charles. ' The spirit was there— no faint shadow. 1 could have touched it with my hand.' Mrs. Lefiingwell listened. ' Do you not remember that there are such things as optical illusions ?' said she. 1 Yes. I havo thoucht of fivorvtbinp ' suit Charles. ' But I saw — 1 hoard — and then' the perfume !' 'Very well ; it is possible that things of tbiB sort may happen,' said Mrs. Leflingweli ; ' but, Oharle3. if your mother could eomo once, sho could come again. Promise mo that you will not let this one experience decirlo you to break Bosa's heart and make yourself miserable for life. Go to the long drawing-room again to night. Sit where you sat, and watch. If jour mother comes again, do us sho bids you. Other wise, btlieve me, you have had a dream — nothing more.' ' Perhaps you are right,' said Charles. ' I will do us you say. Believa me, Kosa is dearer to mo than my lifo. Nothing less toloinn than this could part us.' mrs. rieinngweu leit mm wuen ne naa maae her this promise, and went to Eatella, who professed herself awe-stricken by what had happened, but declared that her brothor could do no better than to follow the advice given to Mm. Midnight cume again. It found Charles Lef fingwell in tho apartment where he hud been visited by his mother's spirit. The same pule light burned upon the table. Charles sat in tho saui« place. Tho figure of Time up-,n th- clock struck twe ve Blow strokes with his scythe. And then — yes, Charles Lef fingwell was not sleeping now, nor dreaming — yot then tho surao soft, white smoke began to creep over the picture ! The same faint per fume filled the room. Xho figure on the canvas faded, and another stood amidst the mist that hid it. Again his mother, in her velvet robes, pointed at him with a warning (l-igcr. 'It is your spirit, mother!' eriad Charles Leftingwell. ''I cannot deny it. Bless me ? Tell mn if I do well. I love her : she loves mo. Bless us both, my mother !' And she answered : ' ' J/ffm/, anil I return lo curse you !' Charles Leffingwcll sunk into bis chair with a groan. The cold, slow voice was silent, and tho figure stepped ba'k into the heavy, white depths thut covered all the wall. But now a lighter one, frontier, more human, was seen in the room. With a little cry, it flitted across the floor und into tho smoke. A sound us of a strusglc was heard, i-nd then the voice of young Mrs. LcQingwell was lifted high. 'More light! more light, Charlie !' it cried. ' I've caught your ghost ! More light to see her by ! ' 'Jlie light Hushed up ; and through tbe dis persing smoke, Charles Lefilngwell saw his sis ter-in-law, with her arms about tlio waist of a velvet clad woman. ' It is Estella — not your mother ! ' she said. ' tiook in tho littlo cup closet, by tho chimney. You will iiod thi perfumed drugs burning in a pan. Look ! it is only Estcllu.' And Charles advanced, and saw his sister's fucu lined into ago with true actrcsn art. ' Could you do that to me ? ' he said. 'It was only to carry out. your mother's wish, Charles,' suid Estella, in a low %oiee. 'I knew you would net regard me. I spoko as she would spe»k, if sho could come back from heaven.' ' In heaven they do not think of pride of birth, Estella,' said Mrs. Lefliogwell ; ' but of true love, I doubt not, they think often. Charles must marry Bosa. V'ou see it now. Forgive her, Charles — or I shall bo sorry for my part in this uffuir.' The brother held out his hand. The sister took it. But she loft the old house on the day tho youDg wife entered it; a-ul dwelling in solitary state, treasures her family pride, as did old Madame LcfTingwoll in her lifetime. Despite of this the wedded lovers are happy. Tub forco of imagination was beautifully exemplified not long ago in the porson of an individual resining not a hundred miles from Brisbane. A friend who hud dropped in upon him found him splitting his sides with laughter ovor a book 'Oh, read that.' he ex claimed to his visitor, handing him the book. ' It's just simply splendid.' and then ho went off mio a treinondoiiB guffaw agin, 'lho visitor carefully read tho pago indicated, tubbed hia oyes, and wondered whether his brain waen't softening. NeVr a suspicion of a joke could he gather. Ho had to confess his dulness to his friend, who in pitying tones remarked, ' Why, man, it's simply maguilieent. Oh ! ha-ha-ha ' The visitor rogarding himself as an utter fool had another try, but with tho same melancholy result. Ho could discover nothing but what looked liko a very serious critiquo on un equally serious work. Ho was about to lay the book down in despair, when ho happened to turn to tbo title page, and thon ho fouud the name of the author — no other tliau M. Taine, French academician, author, and critic. Thon was ho inspired by a happy thought : 'Who do you imagine wrolo th-s book?' asked ho of his friend. ' Why, Mark Twain, of course.' rejoined tho friend with another whirlwind of 'ha, ha, ha's !' And so it was. He thought he « as reading tho groat American humourist, and his imagination did tho rest. If tho book was written by MarkTwain.it mutt bo funny.— 'Town Talk' in The Week. iBrsaiAN FiBit. — Tako about a pound of any cold fish, remove tho bones and skin and flako it'; plnce at tho bottom of a pie dish about an inch thick, then put a luyor of cold boilfd rice (half a teacupful is sufUciont for lho quantity of fish), salt and poppor euoh layer ; then, if no Bauce bo loft, stow tho bonus in somo milk, - thicken with a littlo flour, pepper, salt, and a dessertspoonful of anchovy sauce, pour over the ricolayor; pu* a layer of cold hard-boiled eggs cut in thin slices ; (two aro enough), another layer of fish, rice, eggn, ,and sauco, and when your dish is full, having tlio eggs at tlio top, eoatter a few finely chopped oapers, a few small pioccs of butter j warm thoroughly beforo the llro or in the oven, and servo. ..--.. 