THE STORY-TELLER. THE GHOST OF THE WALLABY ROCK. [By Aif Old Chum.] Some years ago 1 was in charge of a. sheep run some hundreds of miles from Adelaide, when I determined to send a flock to a part of the ran where there was a fine spring running out from beneath a very rocky hill, known at the station as Wallaby Bocks, on account of the large number of wallabies which frequented it, and the Bpring under neath was called the Wallaby Spring. Accordingly a hut was built near the spring, and a sheepyard in the shelter of the bill, and about one hundred yards from the but. After these preparations were made I drafted off a flock of fifteen hundred ewes, and sent an old shepherd known by the sobriquet of " Flourbag Jack," a name given to him by the natives on account of his long-white heard, which they said " Was all-a- same flourbag." Before he left with the flock,a load of pro visions and cooking utensils and his swag were sent out to the hut, which was only eight miles from the home. So he had only to make one stage, getting there in good time to water and yard his flock at night. All went on well for. a while, excepting that, as he told the man who went out with rations to him a week afterwards.'thewild dogs werp dreffvl had, and that they howled all night like Hanover; and if the boss had not had a dog-proof yard made for him he should i have had to be up pelting of them all the time; and as ft was, be had scarcely got forty winks of sleep any night since he had been there. The next time the ration carrier came hack from Flourbag Jack's camp, he said that Jack had told him his sheep were doing splendidly, and he had got used to the wild dogs, although the brutes of dogs had bitten off all the bark from the post in the yard in trying to get at the sheep, and that one day a big old dog dingo ran right through the flock, and collared a ewe in the lead, but lie set his collie on to him, and lie ran oif like a coward, uutil he reached a J safe place in the recks, when, as old Jack said, Le sat up on his name, and looked at him as much as to say, "Good mornin', Flourbag Jack." I Ecnt him out a rifle, kuowiug Jack to be a good shot, also a lot of iicily poisoned baits. I sent him out a supply of hails eveiy week, being afraid of trusting him with the poison alone, and before roauv weeks he had poisoned and shot somethi g like forty or fifty dingoes. I went out to see his sheep after he had l,i cn out six Weelts or so, aud they looked really splendid, and the old fellow seemed -quite contented in his lonely camp, aud when I asked him if lie Lit lonely out there, he repliid, " Lurry, bless you, no, Sir ! I am as right as a trivet here, as line as Peter compsoi.t with my rations and Dacoy every week. I have the best of water for myself and the juinbucks—and this is a good place for grass You see I have got Rover here to pitch (ta k) with of an eveniu', and I don't feel a bit lonesome. I docs growl ; sometimes, but that is at the tarnation wild dogs, wheu they start some o' their corrobo ices—aud old Rover there prowls at 'em too —but they ain't bin so bad since you sent me the pizen "baits and that rifle, 'cos I've rubbed out a good few of 'em since then, and I've got a power of scalps a hangin' up in the hut. I hope to be able to get enough scalps soon'to buy me a pony to carry my old carcass abont, us "old ' Flourbag Jack' is getting too old to move about on foot-back much longer." [Foot-back is a jocular term nscd in the bush for travelling on foot ] In less than a week, on a clear moonlight night, at about 2 o'clock a.m , the dogs at the station set up a terrible barking, and. wondering what was the cause, I jumped out of bed, and drew the blind aside just in time to see old " Flourbag Jack" coming towards the front of the house with his dog. The old fellow seemed to be tirei and piuc ing. I opened the window, enquiring, " What has happened, Jack?" He started at the sound of my voice, not expecting to see me up, and said, out of breath, " Oh, Sir, I have just walked in from my camp, and I can't go there any more. No, I can't, and Fve said so. I should be sorry to leave here, Sir, but 1 would rather leave than stay another night, because the fact of the matter is these rockB are haunted as sure as my name is Flourbag Jack." •'What nonsense,"I said ; "an old man like you should have more sense than to believe in such trash, I thought you liked the place. What have you heard?" " Ob, Sir, it's not the heard: it's the seen. Why, Fve seen a ghost on the rocks above the hut!" I could not help roaring with laughter at the absurdity of the thing. Here was I at 2 o'clock in the tqprning listening to a ghost story, the narrator believing it to be real. "It is all stuff and nonsense, Jack," I said ; " I will call Peter, and send.him back "vitli you, and he will remain till morning." But he wouldn't go on any account; he aemed thoroughly terrified, and shook when he explained to me that about 9 o'clock he heard a dingo howling near the yard, and he went out with his rifle and Rover. He couldn't see the dingo near the yard, so he looked up the rocks, thinking he might be up there, when he saw a tall figure all in white, which he saw moving, and it was knocking or throwing stones down the hill. I tried to persuade him that the wallabies, in hopping about, would knock nowa stones, and his imagination had made him thiuk he saw a white object. Vet he insisted that he had seen a ghost, and nothing else. He said he heard ouee before that the Wallaby Rocks were haunted, but he would uot believe it before. ~A.s lsaw that he was determined not to return, 1 told him to go off to the men's hut, but to keen quiet about what he had seen, or the man I was going to sand in his place might be afraid to go. Next morning at daylight I drove another man out to take charge of the flock, with the intention of trying to find out what had scared Old Jack, but I could see nothing unusual. I found his rifle where he had dropped it near the yard in his fright. The shepherd I left with the flock this time was a German named Fred or F-qtz, and lie thought that the reason of Old jack's returning was illness, and he was not pre judiced against the place by Jack in any way, but the third night after ho went there he calne running up to the house between 0 and 10 at night, almost fall ing at the door with the exertion of his long ,iun and fear combined. ''Oh, meiu Gott, master!" ho cried; "the devil or somebody like him is on the Wallaby Rooks, only he's white! I was sitting at.the hut door after I has mine zuppcr mit Kaiser, when ho let out acrowl; and! look up at the vay he looked up the rocks, and 1 sec' a big white thiug about seven foot high Up the rocks, and feel so frighten I run into the statiou. Jt now cot spread about tbc station that the Wallaby Rocks were taunted ; and Old Jack, finding it was no longer a secret, told his tale, and the men seemed to believe that he really had seen a ghost, and not one of the shepherds would go without they had a horse with them and woold be allowed to return to the station at night. I had to give in to -this for a few days; but I saw it was' too much of;a joke a shepherd riding eight miles before he let his flock out in the morning. At last a young fellow named Martin said he would go and try for a month if he got five bob a week extra. He went out. but the second night after he also came hark with a similar tale to the others. 1 could not put up with this farce any longer, so I drove out to the hut at once, taking Martin back with me, promising to stay that night with liim,. and if I did not solve the mystery I would send him out a mate, so that he would not be alone. I took a Martini-Henry rifle with me, and on arrival at the hut, and asking Martin where,he'had seen it, I posted myself behind a tree near the sheepyard, and, squatting down"! on a buggy-cushion, I watched, while Martin lay down on the ground near me to sleep, being done-up with his long run. I had not remained in this position long, perhaps an hour, when sure enough a white object made its appearance on tn~ face of the rocky hill, sometimes appearing tall and erect and at other times it appeared to be stooping. I could see it moving dis tinctly, hut it appeared to me to be a sub stantial sort of ghost, as I could hear loose stones rolling down the rocks, which it shifted in moving. Yet I was at a loss to know what it could he; it could not be a white kangaroo or euro, I thought. Although such have been seen, they are very rare. Ho, it was not that, but wL^ was it? A man it . could not he, so, putting a cartridge in the rifle, I woke Martin, and, pointing, asked if that was what had scared him. He said it was. Incase of accidents I called out, "If you are a human being, speak, as I am going to fire." Ho answer came, excepting that the object, which had looked tall, seemed to stoop and listen when I spoke, and then, after silence reigned again, appeared tall again! So, tak ing a careful steady aim, I fired. The aim was'true, as when the smoke had cleared away 11 ould see,the white objectrolling'down the rocks, kicking and struggling.". When we ran up to it, it lav still at the bottom of the hill—the Ghost of the Wallaby Sock, in the shape of a large Angora billy, which had escaped from the station two years previously, and had gone wild in the fastness of the rocks. He was a fine big fellow, "and when standing on his'lund legs and "browsing on the bushes must have looked nearly seven feet high. Old Jack and Fred, as well as Martin, got dreadfully roasted for a long timej>y the rest of the hands for being scared by a blooming " billy goat." Old Jack went hack to take care of the flock, being glad to get out of thb reach of the chaffing he was subjected to, and was never after that known to sai of the " Ghost of the Wallaby Rocl 