MY LADY'S PliOT ; OB, THB Ghost of Diavolo Castle. CHAPTEE XL. AN TJNEXPECTEB COMBAT. 'Up to the moment of Norman Devereux's ™- petuous act, Doctor Allirigham had stood a little apart, his arms folded, and V-ia countenance ex pressive of -well-as3umed sympathy and regret ; but at that act he was suddenly transformed into the semblance of a wild beast. His eyes flamed, his lins drew back from his strong, white teeth ; and before his mother could suspect his purpose ho had flung himself upon his guest with tho swiftness and ferocity of a tiger. Mrs. Allingham uttered a -wild shriek of genuine terror. * Great heavens ! Berthold !* she cried ' think —for Heaven's sake, think what you do !' She might as well have appealed to the raging eea. He flung off her restraining hand aa if it had been a straw. The fingers he had fastened upon Norman Devereux's throat tightened to a vice-like grasp. In one moment he had forgotten everything but his hatred of the man who had loved and iron 'Nina 'Bpmirfiamu. Had it been possible he would, then and there, have ground him to an impalpable powder. Foaming with rage he thundered out his imperious question : ' How dare you destroy it ?' he panted. ' How dare you ?' How dare you ?' He received no answer in words, but a silent and effective blow that relaxed his fingers, and sent him lumbering to the floor. He was oh his feat again with the quickness and suppleness of a cat. 'Without a moment's hesitation he again dashed upon his cool but de termined adversary. But suddenly he was faced by Mrs. AHingham's tall, queenly form. She seized him by the shoul ders. ' Have you gone mad, Berthold ?' she asked, sternly, her lovely blue eyes blazing straight and steadily into his. * Do you stoop so low as to assault a guest beneath your own roof J Shame ! shame !' The restraining hand, the words, the tone, the look, had their intended effect. A flush rose to his handsome brow ; but his eyes stiil blazed with a smouldering passion as he thrust his mother aside and addressed Norman Devereux:. ' I beg your pardon, Colonel Devereux/ he said, a certain roughness in his tones, which was ex plained by his next words : ' But tell me by what right you lay your destructive hand npon my mother's property ? Tell — ' Norman Devereux haughtily interrupted him. ' By the right, sir, of my love for Miss Beau champ ! By the right of her love for me ! My act was an impulsive one — one born of an awful anguish at the thought of the use to which that shattered semblance had been put. But, air, I would repeat it this moment — coolly, premedi tatedly, and without a shadow of hesitation, I would repeat the act. Living or dead, Miss Beauchamp is mine by the holiest ties and holiest vows that can bind man to woman ! Therefore, because she is mine, I assent — ' Doctor Allinghani p+. lust found !;is voice.. Up to this point he had stood with hid gaze fastened upon his rival's dark, noble face, and flashing eyes in a wrath too deep for words. But now all the jealous hatred, all the ungovernable passion Eeething in his soul burst its way. ' By the right of your love ! ' he cried, fiercely, his deop blue eyes aflame, and his hands uncon sciously clenched. ' .And has not my low its rights 'r1 Yes, my love ! Stagger back and turn a shade paler if you will — I repeat it again. My love. I loved her the instant my eyes, rested on her pure, sweet face. I love her still ! I shall love her till the last hour of my life ! Look at me. See my hollow cheeks, my sunken eyes, my sallow skin. Look, and behold the cost of my love for Nina Beauchamp. Look, and if you have the heart of a man, repent the act that has deprived me of the one joy of my life. Was it sot enough that I should lose her ? W&b; — Oh ! great heavens — ' He broke off abruptly. Uttering that stifled cry he wheeled around and besan to pace the room with the savage pain and swiftness of a caged beast of the forest. ' Norman Devereux's gaze followed him with an emotion of sincere pity. There could be no question that the outburst to which he had just listened was an outburst of genuine feeling. Assured of that, his generous nature warmed into a sorrowing ferret for the man, even ?while shrinking' withT instinctive horror fropi the thought of such a love crossing the pure cur sent of Nina Beauchamp's life. Mrs. Allingham broke npon his thoughts by a gentle touch upon his arm. As he turned she moved toward the door, and, with a slight bectoning action of the head, silently bade him follow. For a few minutes after they reached the re ' ception room, she stood with her fair, stately head bowed in the the effort to steady her shaken nerves. When she presently looked up the colour had flowed back to her lips, and she addressed her companion in accents thationly filightlybetrayed her recent emotion. Her first words were apologetic. 'He will recover himself — come to his senses more quickly alone/ she said. ' His unfortunate passion for Miss Beauchamp. with her terrible death, has weighed heavilyMipon him — so heavily that it has transformed him into another crea ture.' ' Mrs. Allingham's voice trembled into silence there, with a genume and uncontrollable emo tion. The change to which Dr. Allingham had so dramatically called Norman Devereux's atten tion was a change that wrung her ''doting heart every single hour in the day. In a moment Bhe hurried on again. «I/ she said, 'I who knewhinvso-wsll, have tever Been him exhibit such passion as that of which you, to my unspeakable pain and mortifi cation, have just been the object.' Again she paused ; but -this time it -was a de «igned.pause. Advancing with the regal grace so peculiarly Jier own, she agitatedly extended her hend. 'Colonel Devereux,' she cried, as the young officer courteously ' clasped it -within her own, 'Colonel Devereux, in my son's name I ask your pardon for the gross insult . to -which you have been subjected. I know that he will presently be here to ask it the second time in person 5 but promise me that you will, for my sake, frankly ' forgive and forget.' B«nding the full power of her 'fathomlestr eyes npon the young officer's stern, grief-lined face, Bhe awaited his answer with the eame seductive charm with which she had urged her plea. It was an almost irresistible charm, and Nor man Devereux, like everyone else who came in contact with her, felt it. But before he could reply Doctor Allingham's voice suddenly broke the silence, speaking from the corridor door. Restored, as his mother had expressed it. ' to bis senses,' he cried out as he entered, ' You are right, mother, I am here.' With those words he hastily crossed the room and addressed his outraged guest. Assuming an air of noble humility and peni tence that was a perfect counterfeit of the genuine, he said, earnestly : 'I cannot hope, Colonel Devereux, that you «ill ever pardon my cowardly insolence at my entreaty, and I will not ask it; but I do ask itfor tny motiier'B sake ! For her sake. Colonel Deve reux, accept my apologies and accord me a full forgiveness. And believe, sir, that I despise my pelf far more deeply than it will ever be possible for you to do.' . Had Norman Devereux allowed Ms intuitions to rule him he would struck aside the proffered fcand at a venomous serpent, and left the castle ittoDce. But the fate of Nina was in the balance. With ghat &oaght; in his mind, he made the necessary ^oapoiue inth the necessary wannin. peace had barely been proclaimed when supper Having partaken of a frugal evening meal on bia itray op the mountain, Norman Devereux courteously stated the foot/and declined the hos trfUtffo. ' ' pression -of- spirits; begged that he might be at once conducted to Ms apartment. Doctor and ?Mrs. Allinigham politely expressed their regrets and sympathy, and politely ac quiesced. : Tho doctor was in the act of summoning a servant, when Norman Devereux struck him dumb and motionless by a second request. He asked the favour of being assigned the chamber lately occupied by Nina Beauchamp. Natural as the desire was, the petition fell upon the cars of his entertainers with tho most extraordinary effect. (to be contintted.) 