QUEER STORIES, MR TYMPANY'S TEMPTATION'. Mr Podmore Tompany folfc very muah dis pasted whoa tho fair widowwbo had consented to share his name handed him a valuable bracelet in order that he might get a missing etooo replaced. Ho was an elderly baobolor of mirerly proclivities, and did not halt relish the commission, though ho could not very well refuse. It had boon tho aim of his life to marry a wife with a fortune, and as Mrs Cromwell Jay pooeebLod thie deairabie qualifi cation, ho was naturally anxious to avoid offending hor, Ho therefore reluctantly took tho brocolet t Mr Bcvir, the jeweller in Sock villa street, but finding the ciKt of replacing tho missing stone ' would bo considerable, ho could not summon tip courfiga to give tho order. Ho locked the ; bracolotup at hi# ljdgmg«s and frcttod greatly about the unnecessary expense tho widow baa put him to, By degrees, however, ho booamo calmer, tor it happened that Mrs Bramwril Joy omitted to mako any inquiry about hor pro porty.As time slipped by, ho began to hope that Ibe lady nad actually forgotten ail abuut it— which, indeed, seemed to bo the ooe. Naturally Mr Tempany did not fool called upon to refresh her momery, and thus it came about that the bracelet remained in hie poaEC.'jjicn until the dato fixed for the wedding wos close at hand. Just at this inconvenient time a friend of Mr Tempauy's— to whom ho was under obU. gallons in ibo woy of business— must hoods got married, and Mr Tompany Mt ccmpcllrd to givo him a wedding present, He resented tbisdiaoprecablonocodsity vary much, because be bsd suffered a great deal of uueaai noi-s oHnto owing to tho incroase in his cxpon dlture incident to bis engagement. Ho was also, at the momont, particularly doproseed by tho prospeot o! having to pay tor a honeymoon trip to tbo Italian lakes, not to mention -ach omparstirely trifling items as an outfit for bitr.Helf and promiscuous gratuities to every una ou bis wedding day. Even tho consolitg re flection that once married, his wifo's Income would be amply sufficient for both failed to eaotbo bim, and in this unhappy frame of mind ho ruddeoly recollected Mrs Jay's bracelet. Since bo absolutely must give a wedding present to bid friend BuUtvant why ebould he not make uso of tho bracelet? It wr-H a great temptation, for the ornament bed lain in his drawer several weeks: and Mrs Bramwell Jay had ap parently forgotten it. If she should happen to ask for it before tbolr marriage, he oould invent Eomo plausible oxoasu to accouut for the delay in returning it. When they wore mar ried, ho could protend he had lost it, or that it had been stolen, and if drivan intojo oorner, bo oould replace it by anlnfcrior article. As a matter of fact, howevor, Mr Tompany did not pause to reflect upon remote cootingODciep, for he felt so inexpressibly re- lievfd at the prospect of avoiding further ex- pence at the moment, that be yielded blindly to an overpowering temptation. As to the morality of the transaction, it can only be charitably supposed that he vaguely imagiuod be bod ( some sort of legal property in the bracelet anticipation of his rights as a hus band. However this may b?, Mr Tompany dis patched the bracelet to his frieadV wifo with a ntotly-wordod letter of congratulation and good withes. The fact of one of tbe stone being missing was a liti le awkward, b3causo it showed that the bracelet was net now. But Mr Tem- pnny flattered himself that be got over tho difficulty veiy adroitly by remarking that the bracelet had been a cherished heirloom in his family for years, end that be would never have parted witu it to any one but tbo wife of hta dear and ottcemcd friend Bnllivant. By return of port ho received a hearty Utter of tbauks from the lady, and also from bia friend, and Mr Tempouy experienced a thrill of virtuous satisfaction at having for once in hie lifo gained orodit for generosity. Of course, he did not mention this little episode to Mrs BramweU Jayv and he mentally resolved never to introduce Bullivaut to her. But a fow days afterwards ho was considerably startled by tba widow naying'.— 'By-tbe-byp, Podmore, a friend of mine writes that tho bos had -such a nice letter from you, Amy Morkham and £ were old sobool- fellows, You uover told rao you knew her.' (I never heard the name,' aaid Mr Tompany, uneasily, 'How stupid of melThat was her maiden name of course' exclaimed Mra BramweU Jay, taking a letter from her desk, 4 It appears ahe baa recently been married, H r hut baud is Ms- Mr— such a queer name, and I can't road has signature I But ho Is a friend cf yours,' 'NofcBullivant !' aaid Mr Tempauy, with a etort. ' Yep. She writes that her husband is an old friond of yours, and that you eent.hor a beautiful hracolct. How good ofyon- Podraore. You never gavo mo a beautiful bracelet,1 added the widow roproachfully. All in tho way of business! muttered Me. Tempany, feeling faint, 'Amy says she will bo pasting through town to morrow, and will make a point of oalling to show me the bracelet,' continued Mrs Bram weU Joy, innocently. 'She says it is extremely handsome, and ehe wants to read mo your kind lettor. Are you ill, Podmore?' 'No, no, It is tbe heat of the fire,! gasped Mr Tempany, wiping his forehead. 'I wanted yon to come somewhere with me to-morrow, Theodosia— for tho whole day, I mean. I havn't been to tbe— the Crystal Palace for year?, or lo Greenwich Park. Will you coma to Greenwich Pork, Teeodosia?' he added, desperately. ' W hat horridly vntgar places ! How absurd you are, Podmore !' cxolaimed the widow looking at bim rather curiously. 'Besides, I want to see Amy wbon she cells. I- shall cortainly etay in for ber to-morrow.' 'I shouldn't, if I were you,1 said Mr Tom pany, earnestly. 'Very inconsiderate for ber, I call it, to swoop down upon you like that/ 'I don't think bo,' returned Mra BramweU Jay. 1 want particularly to seethe bracelet you soother, Will you come and mcot her, Podmore?' 'No, no, thank yon, Certainly not/ re plied the unhappy man, hastily seizing his hat, 'I mean that 1 shall bo busy all to-morrow— particularly busy. Another time I shall be delighted.' . . ' 1 1 aupposo yon and Amy have nevor metl?1, remarked the widow, with a suspicions glance. 4 Never 1 No, never I assure yon/ answerod Mr Tempany and being anxious to avoid further questions, he beat a hasty retreat. His state of agitation and nervous appro . hension may beeasily imagined, for it seemed inevitable tbat the deception he bad prac tised would bo exposed. Tbe widow could not fail to reoogniee her own bracelet, and would, of course, coll upon him for ao explan- . atiou. The situation was embarrassing, to> eay the least, and might lead to awkward coneequencee, Mrs BramweU Jay, in her natural disgust and indignatiou, would in all probability break off the engagement on the spot, and tbe story would be known all over. London. Mr Tempany got no Bleep that night, and bcoamo more and mora uneasy overy moment. It snddonly oc curred to him, in tho midst of hia msntal perturbation, tbat he had aommitted an act of felony puniehablo by law. It was an awful reflection, and oauBed Mr Tempany to break into a cold perspiration. The disagreeable contingency— howover remote— of finding him self in tbe dock, had the effect of spurring his , imaginative and invontive powers, so that,.' inspired by sbeor dosperation, he at length concocted a etary which be hoped..- might serve bis purpose, The consequence: was that when, in course of tbo next day, ho received o peremptory note from tho widow, requiting bim to call upon her immediately, be was alilo to keop tho appointment with an outward oppeoranco of calm. » : 'Mr Tempany, this is most extraordinary !'- said Mrs Bramwoll Jay, alter a very cold , greeting. 'Amy has been hero this morning, and I find that tho bracelet you presented to her is mine! I gavo it to you to taketotha jeweller'/ , 1 Nonsoneo 1' oxolaimod Mr Tompany, with a well-feigned et&rt; of surprise. 1 It, is iin« ! possible !' Impossible 1 Why, hero it is 1' said tho 1 widow, producing tho oroamout. ' There can< be no mistake about it. I will Bwear to it. Of . course, Amy returnod it to mo, and I have lost no time in asking you for an explanation/ What on odd circumstance— quite ludic rous 1 . 1 must speak to Bovls. He evidently, gavo me baok your bracelet in mistake for tab one I bad bought/ said Mr Tempany, speaking ; quickly and norvouely. /Who is Bevis?' inquired Mrs. BramweU Jay, 'Do yon mean tho jeweller iu Saokvilla Btreot?' . k'Ycs. I never opened tho case after ;is clear how tho mistake arose/. v . „S'oviSy"nr"y bJISt'Ito, > jewellw most to n v«y woleaa mail,, anito- : ' /. .1 '1 "M-I ' wye » good teolding, Suppose wo go at ones auid wk bim what bo means by it? Tbo carriage is at tbo door, and I am dressed for my dim, aa you aee.' < i Pray don't irouble, Tboodoain. I— I roally think you had bettor stay at homo onaonld day like tbis.'criod Mr Tempany. with fa&rful; eagerness, I will call on Bovls at onco— this instant— but thoro is no occasion for you logo/ 1 Oh I I should Hba to go, and shall enjoy the man's confusion,' returned the lady, ratuor sharply. 4 Besides, I am curious to see the bracelet yon bave chosen for dear Amy.' Mr Tempany was so uttetoly taken abaok by this sudden and uexpectod whim of Mrs Bramwell day's tbat be could not find another word to say. Ho followed the lady meekly to bercaxriago and took bis scat beside ber, feel ing like a criminal being led to execution. This ill-timed visit totho jewellers must, ho foil, inevitably complete his discomfiture, for Mr Bovis would naturally deny all kuowledgo of the bracelet. It really seemed as though the only coarse open to him woe to con fess everything on the Bpot to avoid needless exposure and disgrace. But Mr Tempany could not bring himself to acknow ledge bis deceit unless he ware absolutely obliged, and during tbe drive he reaolvod on a lakt cbonce to hurry into the shop alono, on protence of inquiring if Mr Bovis were within, and tako the opportunity to whisper a word of warning in hia oar. No doubt tbo jeweller was open to a bribe, and would make no difficulty about screening bim. In bis dea perato stato Mr Tempany took heart at thi idea, and oven contrived to converse with th: widow with apparent equanimity. But alas 1 his little reborns wis frustrated by tbo acoidental circumstanoe of the ooaohmau taking a wrong turning, so that when tha car xiage stopped, tbo side on which the widow ha seated was nearest to the pavement. The foot man, too, was unfortunately a vorjr sinnr youth, and descended from the box with such alacrity that the carriage door was open befor Mr Tempany had recovered his surprise a having reached tho jeweller's, Tbo conse queues was tbat tho widow aHghtml first, and steppped into the ehop, wbilo M Tcmpauy. feeling tbat the Fates were Against bim, nod tbat bo was pursncd by a relentless Nemesis, followed alter her in a stato of d9n« pair. Mr Bovis, bow came you to make such an extraordinary mistake ? You arc Mr Ho vis, I presume V said tbe widow, approaching tho counter, . 47ae, madam,' said tho jeweller, quietly. Will you be seated ?' What mistake ?' Mrs Bramwell Jar explained with fatal precision, while Mr Teropauy stood by. burst ing with desperate eagerness to put iu a warn ing word. By sheer force of will ana mes meric Influence heBucemtart in catching Mr Bevia's eve duriDg tho recit . 1. -Now Mr Bs vis, the jeweller, was afbrewd little m«t, and a glanco at tho r.gcniscd expression on Qr Tcm- peny's eager and bloodies face, sufficed to pat bim on the alcvt. He knew tho ucbappy g-.nilecnan by eight, and also by reputation, And enough their transactions had been extremely limited iti ex tent, he bad pretty weil fathomed bi« char acter. He, tbsroforo, gu» sed at onco how the land lay and what was rcqairod of him, and though ho mado no sign, ghost of n emilo flickered for an instant abont tbo corners of hia month when tho widow had finished find awaited bis reply, JI am extremvly sorry, madam,' bo answered, with ealiD df!ib?rauon. 4 It- if was very CiVtln-r,' Mr Tympany was emboldened to say, though hia hefttfc was !» inp fiercely. 4 Very,' eaicl the widow, emphatically, mani festly taken aback. ' I caouot imagine bow you oould have done finch a thing. 4 Mistakes will snmotimea happen in the best regulated establishments.' suid Mr Bevis, with humility, whilo Mr Tempany felt a-strorg d»ai»B to avinco hia gratitude by falling on bis neck. 4 Wbero is fcbo brncelrt thla penMatoan pur chased) then ?' inquired the widow, still in au incredulous tone. For an lu«tnnt Mr Tempany 's uneasiness re yived, but Mr Bovis was quito equal to tbe emergency. Without a moment' hesitation ho turned round and produced from a drawer behind bim a caen, which ha laid upon the counter, Mr Tempany was so overwhelmed wilb bleseed feeling of relief tbat be felt no curiosity oa to tho conteuto of the case. Hi? attention was attracted to it by a staitted ex clamation from Mrs Bramwell Jay 4 Oh 1 Fodmore. What a splendid bracelet ! Why, it is a blaze of diamonds !' sho cried, cfatining ber bandit. Eh !' exclaimed Tompany. hastily pnttting on bis glasses with a ptartlod air. « Wnas ! Good heavens! That isn't the bracelet thst I — choee' he added, teeiug at a glance that it must be worth several hundred , poundp. 4 Yep, it is, sir,' returned Mr Bovis. in a very quiet, decisivo tone. 4 Oh I Nn. I— 1 tbink not, at leant,' gasped Mr Tempany, but observing the shrewd look «? Mr Bevis' face, which safd as plainly as pospiblo that the bracelet was the price of tha service ho had rendered) Mr Tempany subsided into a frightened and uneasy silence. 4 Oh I Fodmore. This is really too good. Much more than is neceseary, I'm euro,' said the widow, who bad been gazing, enraptured, at the ornament. 4 Tap, Tfaeodopis, so I think;' acquiesced Mr Tempany, eagerly. 4 It is too rich. I'm sure she would like something quite plain bettor. A cold band or a cimulo bnnsrle wonld be mucbinoro tuitablo. I think I will change it.' No, Fodmore ; T have an idea. Amy was delighted with my bracelet, and she shall have it. I will keep this one instead of my own as a present frnra yon.'aaid'the widow.ia a tone of decision. It wilt belho first really hand some present you have given mej y« u know.' 4 I'm sure you dou'fc want it, Thoodosia,' said Mr. Tempany with a kind of groan. 'It —it doesn't suit your complexion. I'm afraid.' 'Yon tbink not? . Look, Mr Bovi?. What do you say?1 exclaimed the widow, olasping tbe bracelet on bar shapely arm. 'Excellent! cried Mr Bovis, in a tone of emchotfo admiration. fnr which Mr Tamnanv bated bim on the spot. 'Nothing could look handsomer.' ' 'Very well. Then tbatiseettlod,' said Mrs Bramwell Jay, pleasantly. 'I'm euro Amy yriil be glad to got my bracelet back agaia. 4 You will bave tbo etone replaced, of course, sir ?' paid Mr Bevis, in a business-like tone, as be took up tbe discarded ornament. 'Oh 1 ocrtaioly,' interponed the widow, he- fore Mr Tempeuy could falter a romark, 'Id fact, I think tho setting should bo renowad altogether. Itis too old-fashioned,' 4 1 wril make a good job of it,' roplied Mr Bevit, putting the case on one side. 'Good day. madomo. Good day to yon, sir.' Mr Tempany went out of the ehop without uttering another word, being quite speeohlesR with mingled omotton. His horror at tbo probable amount of tbo jeweller's hill was only equalled by the maddening feoliug of helplessness which kept him from remon strating. So far fiam experiencing ea>ifif.to- tion at hie ercapp, be was now inclined t ? think tbat it bad cost bim too dear; and bis sentiments towards Mr Bevis bad changed to deep resentment. Ho exoueed himself from accompanying the widow for the remainder of berdrivo, feeling that he mutt bs alone to brood over his crushing misfortunes. Ton lady seemed neither surprised nor hurt at this andden desertion; and Mr Tempany oaa au nucoxnfortabio suspicion that she rather en joyed bffl disoomfiture. She was charmingly affable, however, and overwhelmed bim with expressions of gratitude for . his handomn present when he showed her into ber oar- risge. 'By the-byc, Fodmore, dear,' she oxclaimod, putting her head out of the window ai she drove off, 1 what could have ioducsd y»u to say in your letter to Amy tbat tbia lovely braclet was an heirloom ia your family V This significant speech rankled a good deal in Mr Tempauy'e mind when he had euf ficiently tecoveied from his state of horrified bewilderment to think it over. It really Bounded as if the widow euspoctsd she bad bfien imposed upon, though she had not templed to turn tbo ciroumotance to account It may bave been owing to a guUty oouscinuce, but Mr Tempany certainly fancied that from that day forward the widow began to manifest decided coolness towards him. So anporent did this become to him, that if bo bad bad any < self-respect ha would have terminated the ongogeraent However, as Mr Tompany regarded bis marriage, as ws know, from a very material point of viow, be was not inolined to bo easily affronted. At the last moment, howevor, an nnoxpeotod accidrnt occurred. The widow's siBtor inter vened with some very, nasty suggestions About a marriage settlement. This did not suit Mr Tempauy'e views at all, and being an abb to oome to terms, with tbe. lawyer, bo ap peared sotn6wbat Indignantly to tho lady herself.. Mrs Bramwell Jay refused to inter fere, saying that she was entirely in tbe bands of her legal adviser, and the npahot was that, findiog the widow's fortnno wa« so otric'l? tied np that ho might be reduced to tbo un pleasant nocosiity of supporting his household with his own money, Mr Tempany resolved , to remain a baobolor until a more favorablO; opportunity offered. . , > Of comee, this was a dreadful' blow to him, It ngod bim considerably, for when he enmo to add up wbat hia engagement had cost him oue way and another in aotual Lad, he was fairly v horrified at tho amount. Mi Bevia's aocouut. brought tears to his eyes, and reduced him to n state .of incipient imbecility for days. Ho had to pay it, however, nor did he got a farth ing discount. But it was at loast a fain- consolation to tbiok that bo would recover something out of the fire. Tho bracelet would fetch a pocd round sum, evon at second hand, nod this reflection buoyed himnp a litlle so long as bo was permitted to indulge in it. But alas Even this small solaoe was denied bim, for m acknowledging n small parcel containing ttio present she had made bim, tbo widow wrote ae follows:— Dkar Mb Teupany,— Tbanka for yonr sad, sad. letter, nnd enclosure. I do not liko to think of what might havo been bat for those dreadful lawyers ! I return all tho dor gifts you gavo me oxocpt ono, which I am sure yon will allow mo to keep and wear m a sonvenir. Tho braoelot— your lait gift— I cannot bring myself to port with, and I Dto- nr.isa to keep it always— always I— Your friend and uell-wiiber, Theodosia Bramwell Jay, 