THK ilME%ZX*N CLUB. ' Each day *s ,1 look -ober my paper,' said the old man as the lights were turned up, 'J-see ftjeaseof embezzlement, whole sale robbery, breach of trust or misuse of odder people's money. It is an era of stealin'an erobezzlin an'*fraud.~ No man who has money in 'de bands of a friend or employe feebs fafe. No man who depends, upon another man knows what a day may bring forth. ' What brung bout dis state of affairs 1 Who profit* by it ? Who aids de offenders t-rescape?' There was silence throughout the hall as the President paused arid looked up and down. Brother Gardner continued : 'I arraign de bar of de kuntry an' charge de lawyers, big aud iittlo, wid bein' de direct cause of dis reign of knavery. Three men outer five am honest only until deir am a chance to make a haul by bein' dishonest. One man outer three' will be disliouest on all occashuns whar dar am a chance to escape consequences. If dar was no law to punish dishonesty, we wouldn't Hud one man in twenty dom' de honest thing fur principles1 sake. It am de fear of consequences which keep thousands of folk honest. ' An' what do de lawyers say to ebery man who's fingers itch to make a haul ! Dey might as well advertise at reg'lar rates dat dey will guarantee to clear 'em of dulaw fur a sartin aura. Lei me steal 975,000 in cash an' nine-tenths of the lawyers of Detroit will be eager to defend me — to effect a compromise— to hush it up — to clear me of punishment. About de best legal talent- in America makes a spec'alty of defendin' criminals. Any lawyer am looked upon as good-'nuff fur ProBecutin* Attorney, while ,de worry keenest talent am reserved fur 'defense of thieves, burglars aud odder law-breakers. ' Time after time men have stolen or embezzled, an' do lawyers have taken a sheer of de plunder to clear 'em. We've had half a dozen cases right ycre widin two y'ars, an' we am sartin to have mo'. Let me steal a ton of coal, an' up I go. Let me get my clawB on $50,000 an' I doan' go up worf shucks. I may be 'rested an' toted off to jail, but inside of a week de case am settled up, an' I walk de streets a hero. De lawyers return $10,000 of de money, pocket $£9975, an' nan me fifty as a reward fur bringin' 'em a fat case. ' Suppose it war' known dat ebery burglar fairly convicted would receive twenty years in prison, wid no possibility of pardon, would wo have one burglary whar' we now have two ? Who makes burglary a payin' purfeahun 1 De law yer- . ' If a clerk who embezzled was sartin to receive a five or ten y'ar sentence, how many caiies of embezzlement would you h'ar of in a year? And who makes embezzlement a payin' biznesst De lawyer. ' T am spokin' what I believe to be de solemn truf, when I say to you dat law has become a farce, an' lawyers de middle men between robbers an1 de robbed. De question am how to break de law — not how to enforce it. It am not how to put a thief into prison, but how to keep him out It am not how to punish dishonest officials, but how to gently squeeze out as much as dey kin restore, an forgive the remainder. Let us purcecd to bizuess, feelin' dat whatever crimes we commit we stan' two chances of goin' dear to one of punishment.' II ULV OCCUR. Judge Chewso didn't want to delay the business of the meeting, but there was something on his mind. As he under stood it, the Lime-Kiln Club had some thing like §2,900 on hand. The money was kept in the safe in the hall. The President had one key and tho Treasurer the othor. What web to, prevent either official from hawking on the money and tolling the club to whistle and be hanged? ' Bi udder Chewso,' kindly replied tho President, 'de pint am well tooken. Dar' am nuflim' to prevent de Treasurer or myself from robbin' de safe, an' 1 may add dat $500 of de mdney would secure de highest legal talent in Detroit to defend an' doubtless clear us. Does the Judge want to trow out any suggestions ?' If the Judge did he was disappointed. Ho had been holding a marble in his mouth to polish his back teeth, and juBt at that moment the ball started to go down his throat. The result, was a fit of gasp ing, coughing and kicking which quite laid him up for the rest of the evening. CAUSES AND RESULTS. . The Committee on Dreams, Ghosts and Astrology submitted its quarterly report, covering 221 pages of legal cap. From the very full and exhaustive reports is gleaned the following items : To dream of sailing a muddy river aud seeing a dog-fight on the left hand bank and a camp-meeting on the right signifies that your aunt iB soon to use Paris green in place of baking-powder in the biscuit. ? Ghosts 'can't be hit with clubs, shot with bullets, or laid out with slung- shots ; where a ghost is troubling a family and rendering itself a, nuisance, a bear-trap set at the back door will sooner or later bring forth good fruit A person born under an unlucky star might as well try to find an honest piece of pavement in Chicago as to get ahead financially. , .'People born in the full of the moon will always be touud of stewed prunes. Those born at noon will tacitly encourage horse-racing. Children born within an hour of midnight will grow up to make tyrannical men and cross women. -The report was accepted and adopted, and then Samuel Shin carefully cooled off the stove with a pail of water, and the meeting broke up with Elder Toots snoring like a horse and just ready to fall back into the wood-box. _ A stranger journeying in France fell sick unto death : his friend called in a physician who demurred about giving his professioual services, fearing the where withal might not be forthcoming to settln his bilL The friend, producing a hundred franc bill, said : ' Kill him or cure - him, this is yours.' The sick man died and was buried, and the doctor, finding his money slow to appear, reminded the survivor of the debt. 'Did yon cure him!' he asked. 'No, sir/ 'Did you kill him ?' ' Certainly not' V Then you have no claim oh me, sir ; I wish you good diy.4' ' . ?- - ? - 'My wedding trip,' said the bride*) groom as he stumbled over his wife's twin I 