His Amorata. A New, Original, and Absorbing Novel, written specially for Sydney Punch. By Prince Nadrofini Mackpatrickovitoh. (Continued from page 462.) Spasm X, «|HICH was the means of bringing on the wedding morning, with its carriages waiting at'the door; the bride descending the stairs bridesmaids in sup- berb attire ; favors smiling ly handed round ; joy ; love ; happiness ; content ment ; until, alas, the bride stumbled over a playful | kitten that was in her way, sprained her ankle, had to be carried to her carriage, was met at the Cathedral doors, escorted to the altar, and flabber gasted completely, for there stood before the bridal party the fire- I eating bombastic Due. "Not dead 1" all said under breath. "No! I live 1 She shall not wed that man ! I say she shan't I" he screeched in terrific tones. " She shall !" replied the young and ardent lovier. And he drew fr m his waistcoat pocket a stiletto, told the Due if he were a man I he would bare his breast, which, to show himself a man, he did, and I then he thrust the weapon deep into his satanic heart. The dying I body of the Due fell at the altar, but he had strength enough left j him to jump onto his legs once again and play ditto with the young I Count and his Amorata, They all three laid themselves out com' I fortably, gave a kick and floated peacefully away. In I Spasm XI. I Overcome by the agonisingly-sanguinary-tragic scene, the whole I of the friends and relations followed suit. The Cathedral floor to I this day is stained with their deep and lasting gore. Once every I seven-thousand years their ghosts, in a bran new outfit of white I shrouds, walk the streets of Florence, which apopletically acclerates I the last and most fatal I Spasm, I In which their weird Voices (weird, nearly forgotten this) fill the I air with shrieks and yells, the TeDeum and " His Amorata 1" I We have given our novelist carte blanche, and expect many I more wonderful and thrillingly absorbing novels from his prolific I pen.— Ed. S.P. I 