THE OLD WHITE HORSE. VnOVI " THE VILLAGE," AN UNPUBLISHED * RHYME BY TAU BOTH. Believes the Old White Horse - the village we Rosemont v one of cases would be sure to win , ii d IOHJ humorous and frank and free A man of sense for ever) man was lit Mirth had his face and sparkled in his eye No" word of chaff e 01 lacked a quick reply , But you w that OL Stormy holiest staff who when he knew his guest had had enough Ufisdc-vftofuitlici orders and runs vain to storm our cat demonstrator complain still finding a "ia und wisdom he had shown a lit not all taken brawl was ever known is c correct a sign was painted with a view Ya nie ist the in my lutllLi than the few, he was an artist all unknown to fame for whom the fateful not decided a name so union in letty tice, it of night the a o, 2 roll on both sides of the passed by It warranted in old familiar face Kifurbislicd up with many an added grace No the least pleasing feature of the place The old white hat seen stallion without doubt The muscles w ci c so powerfully) brought out They here in the in am) per ss where art supplied by statute did not as a rule pi ovide Hutton the colours chosen for their strength for un against time and beat him by a length I No wish) washy semi tints were they Of doubtful green or still more doubtful gray, Itemingniodtstlv Horn public view as most good backgrounds ought by rule to do, He ancient rule of course but here was shown A rule moicnncicnt are the troubles known 1sclareobacuio perspective atmosphere I iipkAcd and women using genius. here seen in repressing arts did not obtain. If ought to a list meantime made it plain, I aground and back and middle distance too, All had an equal treatment in the view The distant rock With colour seemed to bleed 1 was old red sandstone -v or) ltd moved. And spotted certain) flovvcisgiew Of radiant pin pick yellow green and blue w hose case became one could almost tell, lies every) detail was brought out so well Some trees of iv id green stand out upon Ask) intensely) blue, and father on K pitch of coin upon an upland glows w Inch seems to mock the good old horses nose to it looking to the west and there the sun Behind the distant hills has just begun 10 dip his radiant orb but taking care No child) that shall suffer from burglars II not detain the leader with the rest Of the marked specialities the work possessed his true this in star piece was now and then as oke lightly of by some ill-natured men Dillulla fault services of the same class AM a hunt um t politics with an opera glass I rum Such inglis standpoint-undtintath the t recall my work one might some failing etc, He is the most sad and would appear V work of al t should nor be view ed too near If it still this one had merits all its own, Florence s Double J loitutint was known 1 stand and it like with uncontrolled delight Yv hile b thing, up also unique u sight In broken trestle work lie so depressed 11 it host and hostess thought the man was amazed iMkdaic do,) you see dut ¡ Why bless my) heart It does beat till it great minion call Hogan ' An Introduction must at once be sought, in 1 so the in Ubi to though wusbioufcht >> u lic Names of certain union fell Of Monstrous ' Grande ' Mugnltlqito ' Pi ally well I (w Uli many) others I can stop to tell 1 him Signor s lips that all the rest were nunn, are puzzled mist totally struck dumb It turns felt ashamed of flattered as he fired I learn if you use of satire was implied lit M nervous host whose how matters stood 10 tinted to ki in the main ituiidinneooa, II that lentils the Signor onward hits 1 telling little, value to the skies! 11 t mind host who took the disrepair A, List Bill mod ears of his incessant I've potent reasons why the Hung should be In this it was -that those that might see li in many standpoints all the artist drew a 1 it If modern art leave for nearly NOW is fine twas said with half a wink I own As Ipivingivc tosccliovv it went down Hill by the north the ancient house block still It i cities dut v fails not to fulfil In I i small bullet will longer vice world w to the weight of beauty it both home him biiNoin milkmaid up society belle li cities of all types and at ' south to tell '-sometimes if o i 'have sought its help in need To quit the id list of i claiming that still lie once at ov beauty indulgent to seek the s luck at a quiet night With two full maidens loving leal endure it Rosebud was issued! at longing) to pursue And here not once alone nor wife has said A thin" tom ' found a burial Ltd In those old day a when from the pillion seat lately accepted the dainty slippered feet And lovely mi in (tumbling in blissful fear of life but I read as yet but now so near ) Of one who I suppose by high commanders iv ed {,11111(11 m s uni or for a bus and a hand But not all stolen were with visits paid for t net two months elapsed the out was made for md above t bones in her ellie the tie doves L reached forth unchallenged to use) their love is An where so little stow themselves away in 1 hide their features from the light of day A-. in this quiet charming rural spot is here for while dulTcaio may be fought In the sweet was full of love s delicious dream I) I the itch to other all the world shall seem? '. , stealing Kod may level at his will, Is of his choicest occur drink his till No l Mint, even to think will quiring gare, II c timid shy ness of those blushing days In with becoming innocence outburst. All deaf and blind are in the Old White Horse liberals here on investors worshipped V i c cr forgotten honeymoon have spent vil- who lived such ruptures would not dwell forever mooning at the old hotel I H c scene of such experience must be it > held in the h do at its memo) v not to calm the mind on in the strife II at fruits and w cases this unquiet life A h ided oasis that "it is the soul true earthly foretaste of a head only goal ! '"""-'sash what an utter standstill llovvtdiisbi archbishop a lifted hands to ever burning with an incense sweet are those who suffered in worship moot 1 in its use that tnlvliidltd room above, his bunk at uicililtcsof LOVE The let us leave them In this hollow ed kisses . soil to a thin t over no caUhlii bliss like this is J, i nt, ."'"liumidv and June have each 11 ' old he ttl its intentional niche If is a " l " in "dious striking that could tell I A ,, ' "elegant long past that here befell I vi i i ' stealers sold at midnight watched, him!. . '""i cm miles since it plot in us hutched, n i '-"I'll.' lift ' side w Ith those historic plots I OittL is dull tub 1Jtl"Burl'old, and I -can't '' the s" "B0 rencontre hairbreadth lil . ft!, c sidings wonder woildngapo ' 1 i. 1. ,\\*x ,0UIU " N vanquished and distr Vicunas turns round shelter food and at M'iesllOllS lISLl he llAlll.ilhin.l to ( «.-..U distressed, and rest -,.-. ~. warrior put t n,"" '"it" was welcome to the chest II in " ,,(-C(1 before "ot 0 race II at. 6 1>"",1'ni lustre over the place I ' iii i »Y°.rW s most dealing w tar and tear are Horse has bravely borne its \\\\\Ä0!" claim for "dishonest strife Hon L,, F "Ax lc,1.1"1 he is of Heads or life It iLpf'1,1'1,"" " 'difference wealth But in " Below? effect moved by stealth, or 5,, "then to he a world's great t) e, N 11»I vision "-C'ISUIO in the by and by of (1 n{,lcBC,!',i that the soul appeals No suh Vl "|B","""o to its ancient walls ILiul, ,,i.»??iiiiutt- is no intention wines in "".""," SCI"03 nor slipshod ghost 11, li '.I.1">1.1 the slumbers of the guest or li d and body bros efitshlngiest A i 1 cry Within the numbers of the guest or host of , us"", "' "wish of mind and body. blow in the sweetness of refreshing lost h|Tt".î l'p»se\oiame with which our council "ivokethe admiration of a cynic. But I'll V "105 sllecci!uc«"' electorate major every Vii "a diminution of a cynic. But utters are some who are not satisfied, as evinced by) the follow under slating which a L. V R nine I wants me to raise t in this column as it oOoiUtoiv comes tonsil in Victoria, Put, a complete for a seat in the new , out of that colony was arrested as a' "Mic, at the instance of his wife. Con the recent luoceedhiss of our mum of, violence. must be questionable whether all matter of some of the members of this Ha iS Boil town lot with some show of the .."!''}* consigned their spouses to dm ance Nu "till they returned to their right minds rat, j, of 'a as? the ink swinging lens of a former river ,unucl>.lllilanuinicipil council chum "I C. "out so much the appearance of a bear He said I Me" now rum hot at all 8in but the li n3 would not consider themselves to take a. comparison. Mntmeu aforsaid and oils of a man' but the want of them the man, !ioai>cceäw> qualification for an U»U.-E.NU\MIO.N in the Queenslander. 