MACQUARIE-STREET' JELLY-FISH. TnULY the lines of the BTuaUT Ministry have not of late fallen in pleasant places. It seams as if the ghosts-or nightmares-of those bygone dinners have risen to haunt them, and that the promises made when the wine was red, and the heart gladdened by the roasted turkey, are bearing bitter fruit. Ear wigged, buttonholed, lobbied, what ever the term may be, the Ministry seem to have been subjected to the process most industriously, and, doubt less for the sake of peace, are trying to perform many little acts pledged over the flowing bowl. But alas for their comfort, each litt'e deed is a scourge applied to the invertebrate back of the " Ministry of action," and Mr. M'ELUONE is the llagellator I On Wednesday night the member for the Upper Hunter renewed his attacks on, and impeachments against, a Ministry who were almost dumb in reply, either from contempt or having nothing to say. What they did say was most undignified, and consisted only of interjections. The serious charge that they bought a recreation ground at fledfern for some £35,000, when the land would not bring £3000 an acre at auction, required some ex planation, more especially when it is remembered that, while they were new brooms, this very piece of ground was offered to them-and refused. At the same time the Hon. Joux UT'rHELAND was not made Minister for Works, and the two facts combined changed a friendly metropolitan evening paperinto a deadly foe for the nonce. Since then that newspaper and the Government have become cousins again. Mr. SUTHERLAND is not Minister for Works, certainly, but the reserve at Bedforn has been graciously allowed to become the property of " the People," the latter paying for it through the nose. What connection there is between the recreation ground and Mr. SUTHER. La.?, we do not presume to indicate, but there are words to the wise that are as full of weighty meaning as the historic nod which is as good as a wink to a blind horse. We see no political jobbery about this little pur chase, for in our opinion the inverte brate GTUARn Ministry are too weak. kneed and disunited internally to be capable of it; but we think some malign roast turkey and Dry Mono polo well iced have had a great deal to do with the fancy price paid for this recreation reserve at Rledfern. If there is anything in that Tiffin borer story, it is directly traceable to the same evil-minded fowl and potent vintage. The Ministers were at Gunnedah not long ago, feasting. The Tiffin borer was also there, pen sively languishing in a back yard. What more easy than its transference to the tender care of the Mines Depart ment while a libation was being poured out in its honour ? As for the publican RUSSELL, of Wollongong, and his license, we hardly think it fair of Mr. M'ELHONE tO aver that he wrong. fully obtained the latter through the influence of the Colonial Secretary and the Minister for Lands. It was through the influence of roast turkey. Perhaps RUSSELL had a peculiar way of dressing that kingly fowl, which is so elevating in its moral efforts that it makes holy and pure the Boniface's inner life and sheds an effulgence of decency over all his acts. Besides, RUSSELL belongs to Wollongong, and is perhaps an importunate voter. What. more ex planation is required ? We will pass over the small matter of the botched contracts and the member for Dur ham, and go on to the allegations by Mr. M'ELUONE regarding some recently appointed justices of the peace. i-e said: Another matter he wished to refer to was the appointment of some magistrates. He had a letter in his possession which stated that one gentleman appointed had served a sentence of fifteen years for robbing a woman named Baker, and did three years in Van Dieman's Land, and was the only one of a gang who escaped banging in another country. Another man named Rose was appointed also, and one of his first acts afterwards was to spit in another man's face. For this he was knocked down, and he retaliated by prosecuting his assailant for assault. These were fine men for magistrates ! Well, is not Mr. M'ELUONE too ex acting ? We have known a robber, of the deepest and most sanguinary dye, ice Roederer like an angel, and a man who once escaped hanging had a knack of grilling a steak which oblite rated the recollection of several atro cious murders. If men expiate their crimes by icing wine and serving dinners so as to gladden the hearts of a Ministry, their vices should be sunk in obliiion, and the grateful remem brance of their virtues may surely take the shape af a J.P.-ship or two. Seriously, the.STUART ministry have dined so much, made so many pro mises outside their stiff official rooms in Macquarie.street, and under the im provised dealwood mahogany, groan ing with the weight of country- town banquets, that, in their frantic efforts to redeem some of them, many mistakes may have been made. To a weak, backboneless cabal such as forms Mr. STUAaT's team, every vote, real or imaginary, is of exaggerated value, and hence they have feared to say no to the most impudent demands and the perpetration of the most glaring jobbery. They are well-intentioned enough, but weak. They have been sowing broadcast the seeds of their indecision, and now they are reaping a crop of tares. In their humiliation and desolation, when they make an ad misericordiamn appeal to legislators to pass the second reading of their raison d'etre, and tochange it out of all shape; when they do not pretend to a prin ciple; and when their King-maker, their once loved, but always feared M'ELHONE, turns again and rends them, they are so abject that one cannot help p:tying them. They are not even strong enough to be wicked, hence they will live like the Jelly fish- quivering, helpless, flacid, but diffioult to kill. Truly New South Wales is to be con gratulated on their Government, especially when it cowers before a M'E?LHONEI 