Life on the Mississippi.* The first 40 pageB of this book are new, and give an outline of the history of the discovery of the Great River, back as far a6 the days of de Soto, La Salle, and ' Louis the Putrid,' through the old keelboat and lumber raft days, down to the daysef steamboats, and the almost total destruction of trade that fol lowed the civil war and the extension of railways. TV» trAolVinnfmrn wprp ' licai'v drinkers. coarse frolickers in moral sties, heavy fighters, reckless fel lows every one, elephantinely jolly, foul-witted, pro fane ; prodigal of their money, prodigious braggarts,' a sample of which last is given. They are seated around a tire at one end ®f the raft, drinking whisky and beguiling the time with unqualified lying, when one of them, feeling the rumblings of music within, roars through hi6 nose— There was a woman in our towdn In our towdn did dwcd'l (dwell) , She loved bcr husband dear— i— lec But another man tvyete as wed'l. Ringing too, riloo, riloo, riloo, jC— too riloo riiay — e. And so on — 14 verses. It was kind of poor, and when he was going to start on t)ie next verse, one said,' ' 0 give us a rest.' Another, ' O take a walk.' Then the biggest man got up and says, ' Set where you are, gentlemen. Leave him to me, he's my meat.' lie then flung down his coat and hat, jumped into the air, cracked his heels, and issued a war manifesto this way ' Whoo — oap ! I'm the old original iron-jawed, brass-mounted, copper bellied corpse-maker from the wilds of Arkansaw! Look at me ! I'm the man they call Sudden Death end General Desolation. I take 19 alligators and a barr'l of whisky for breakfast when I'm in health, and a bushel of rattlesnakes and a dead body when j I'm ailing. 'Whoo — oop ! Stand back, and give me ? room according to my strength. Cast your eye on me, gentle men. I'm about to turn myself loose,' and went on tucking up his sleeves and glaring slaughter. The man that , caused the row there announced his equipment when on a war footing. He also leads off the yell of the Apache, leaps into the air three times, and cautions other nations aB thus 44 Whoo-oop ! bow your heads and spread, for the kingdom of sorrow is coining. Hold me down to the earth, for I feel my powers a-working! Whoo-oop ! I'm a child of sin, don't let me start. Smoked glass here for all. Don't attempt to look at mc with the naked eye, gentle men ! Contemplate me through leather. Don't look at me with the naked eye. Bow your neck and spread, for the child of calamity is coming!' And they career around, and swear and call one another keelboat men's names, and announce that the Mississippi is about to run crimson — at some future time — where- upon a little man, fceluig that tliis temporising with the just claims of the crew to an exhibition of the horrors of war twas a mean, piratical shuffling out of a fight, seizes the two and punches and boots [them till a treaty of peace is signed in whisky, and the fiddle and a breakdown cloBes the 6cene. Next comes the ghost 6tory of a liar, and the whole thing bristles with those innumer able side-allusions with which Mark Twain more than any man living has the art of conveying accurate notions of styles of life and bygone institutions under the most whimsical and riotously grotesque descrip tions. About one-fifth of the book now follows with a reprint of his ' Pilot of the Mississippi,' published a couple of years ago,', and covers that period in his own life from ' When I was a boy there was but one permanent ambition among my comrades in our village on the west bank of the Mississippi lliver. That was to be a steamboat man. . . . When a circus came and went, it left us all with a burning ambition to become clowns. The first negro minstrel show that came left us all suffering to try that kind of life ; now and then we had a hope that if we lived and were good God would permit us to be pirates,'' down to the period at which the new portion of the book commences— the occasion when he went down the river once more, not as he had left it, a licensed pilot, but after 21 years in which he had been ' a silver-miner in Nevada, a newspaper reporter, a gold-miner in California, a reporter m San Francisco, a special correspondent in the Sandwich Islands, a roving correspondent in Europe and the East, an instructional torch-bearcr on the lecture platform, and finally a scribbler of books and an immovable fixture among the other rocks of New England.' lie then j 'returns to his muttons,' by taking with him a 'poet' and a shorthand writer to do the tour down the river, and see what sort of changes 21 years had made in men and things. They take assumed names, but the first clerk who took down his name in St. Louis knew him. He 6miled and said, 'I know what you want, sir— used to clerk at the St. James's, New York,'* ' which wa6 an unpromising beginning for a fraudulent career. We started to the supper room, and met two other men whom I had known elsewhere. How odd and unfair it is. Wicked im postors go round lecturing under my nom.de.gucrre , and nobody suspects them ; but when an honest man starts an imposture he is exposed at once.' The glory of the steamboat-men had departed. Formerly they were the men who lorded it in the saloons. Now they and their glory had vanished. But one thing had remained to cheer the wanderer. The water was of the good old solid yellow. lie finds the poet crying, holding a tumblerfull of the stuff in his hand. Jleasks, ««A\ha.tis a person to do llere when he wants a drink of water ? Drink this slush 5 ' ' Can t you drink it r '' *'I could, if I had some water to wash it with.' It comes out of the turbulent Dank-cavin' Missrmr* and every tumblerful of it holds an acre of land in ^lution. I got this fact from the bf.hop of the diocese. If you will let your glass htind half an.hour, you can separate the land from the water as easy as (Genesis. It is g-)od for stesm-boatir.g, but it is worthless for all other ? '« Ufe on tbe Mistiecippi.' by Mark l'wa(n7~ VvTi'.icVer 300 ' iilurtraJiGDR. Cb*tl-- unu Windu*, iSK3 purposes except baptising.'' Everywhere the old boating life is dead, But the city has grown to 400,000 inhabitants, and he regrets a lost oppor tunity. ' The first time I ever saw St. Louis I could have bought it for six million dollars, and it was the mistake of my life I didn't do it. It was bitter now to look abroad over this domed and steepled metropolis, and remember that I had allowed that opportunity to go by. Why I should have allowed it to go by seems, of course, foolish and inexplicable to-day at a first glance, yet there were reasons at the time to justify this course.' He now proceeds aboard a boat, the condition of which told a dismal tale of the decay of river traffic. ' This calm craft was a venerable rack-heap, and a fraud to boot, for she was playing herself for personal property, whereas the good, honest dirt was so thickly caked over her that she was righteously taxable as real estate. There are places in New England where her hurricane deck would be worth a hundred and fifty dollars an acre. The soil on her forecaatle was quite good — the new crop of wheat was already springing from the cracks in protected places. The companion-way was of a dry, sandy chuacter, and would have been well suited for grapes, with a southern exposure and ajlitle subsoiling. The soil of the boiler deck was thin and rocky, but good enough for grazing purposes.' In the pilot house he proceeds to draw forth ' the tranquil spool of lies ' which the old-time pilots luiew how to reel, and pulled out a pocket-book to record. The pilot becomes invigorated, and gives gigantic illustrations concerning alligators, which he said were the sacreJ birds of the Government. He told of a brother pilot who had so many selfish organs at the back of his head that it made his nose tilt up in the air, and finally got into such a tangle with his yarn that he dropped the wheel, mopped the perspiration from his brow, and said, *' Look here, Clemens, you take her and lie a while, you're handier at it than I am. Try ing to play yourself off for a stranger and an inno cent ! Why I knew you before you had spoken seven words, and I made up my mind to find out what was your little game. It was to draw me out. Well, I let you, didn't I ? Now take the wheel and finish the watch, and next time play fair and you won't have to work your passage.' He was an old chum he had worked with when a boy. Another trustworthy pilot found that one of the most disastrous trips he had ever had was one in which he had taken aboard a grey mare and a preacher, and that it was only after the crew had painted the mare blue and thrown the preacher overboard that their disasters ceased. Whereupon Twain supplements the old man's anecdote with one from his own experience, where a grey mare and a preacher were taken aboard in spite of the expostulations of the crew, and the same day the captain got drunk and fell down the hatchway, and was borne to his home a corpse. Sailing down the river, they see one day a steamboat with the name Mark Twain painted on it. The writer dismisses the matter with hiB usual bit of humour, but one cannot help thinking it must have struck him with other feelings than those of humour when he saw himself the travelled and wealthy scholar, with millions of eager readers, returning after 25 years over a course that he had once traversed with ambitions humble enough, and with the fears and feebleness of an ill paid and cuffed and clouted runaway boy. Then follows a story of a ' thumb print,' which we will not spoil by further referring to. It is worthy of the writer. Not to be left behind by other scientific tourists, we find some rather startling facts in the natural history of the Arkansas mosquito. Two of these can . whip a dog, and four of them hold a man down and butcher him ; and though the story of one pilot about his having seen them attempt to vote is rejected as improbable, we have the traveller's assurance that he had frequently seen them around the polls canvassing. One of the passengers wished to throw discredit on these little Marco Polonian observations, and said that it was through listening to such lies once that his ear began to swell. Said he, ' I will not deceive you ; he told me such a monstrous lie once that it swelled my left ear up and spread it, so that I was actually not able to see around it ; it remained so for months, and people came miles to see me fan myself ?with it.' A description of the state of affairs in Yicksburg during the siege of 1803, and of New Crleans as it now is, are good specimens of the author's shrewd observation. On seeing the cemeteries of New Orleans, he takes occasion to mention their custom of using vaults above ground instead of burial under ground. ' A mild form of sorrow finds its inexpensive and lasting remembrancer in the coarse and ugly but indestruc tible immortelle , which is a wreath or cross, or some such emblem, made of rosettes of black linen with sometimes a yellow rosette at the conjunction of the crossbars — kind of sorrowful breastpin, so to say. The mmortelle requires no attention. You just hang it up, and there you are — just leave it alone ; it 'will take care of your grief for you and keep it in mind better than you can ; stands weather first rate and lasts like boiler iron.' And he winds up -with a diatribe against the almost universal waste of means and destruction of health brought about by ? expensive funerals and the escape of disease germs from buried corpses. He contends for cremation. ' Fune rals cost annually more money than the combined gold and silver yield of the United States in 1S80 ' An undertaker was the cheerfullest and most prosperous man he met here. He asked whence the gilded pros perity. loquitur the man of the tombs: j ' Look here, there's one thing in this world which is never cheap ; that's a coffin. There's one thing in the world a man won't take and in pine if he can go walnut, and won't take m wal nut if he can go mahogany, and won't take in mahogany if he can go an iron casket with silver door plate and bronze handles ; that's a coffin ! Under taking ! Why, it's the dead-surest business in Chris tendom, and the nobbiest. F'r instance, Jirs. O 'Flaherty comes in — widow — wiping her eyes. Unhandkerchitfs one eye; bats it round tearfully over the stock ; says : ' * And fhat might ye ask for that wan ?' ' 1 Thirty-nine dollars, madam,' says I. ' ' It's a foine big price, sure ; but Pat shall be buried like a gintleman, as he was, if I have to work my fingers off for it. I'll have that wan, sor.' Y?s, madam,' says I, 'and it's a very good one too ; not costly to be sure, but in this life we must ' cut our garment to our clothes,'' as the saying is.' And as she 6tarts to leave, I heave in, kind of casually : ' This one with the white satin lining is a beauty ; but I am afraid — well, sixty-five dollars is a rather — rather— but no matter. I felt obliged to say to Mrs. O'Shaughnessy' ? ' 4 D'ye mane to say that Bridget O'Shaughnessy bought the mate to that jooul-box to ship that drunken divil to purgatoiy in r' ' 4 Yes, madam.' ' ? Then Pat shall go to heaven in the twin to it, if it takes the last rap the O 'Flaherties can raise ; moind you, stick on some extras too, and I'll give ve another dollar.' ' It was in New Orleans that- had lived the man from whom he first got the name Mark Twain. The account is different from some others which have appeared. There was a venerable captain on, the rivtr who was in the habit of writing river notes te a New Orleans paper. These were useful, but the old mariner had got into the habit of expanding his antiquity and stating confidently what he knew of the height of the river back in 1807, and he used to sign these notes ' Mark Twain.' .Mark wrote a burlesque on these notes, and somebody gave it to the other paper. The old man never wrote a para graph afterwards, and when he died '1 was a fresh new journalist, and wanted a mm de guerre, so I con fiscated the ancient mariner's discarded one, and Save done my best to mate it remain what it I was in his hands — a sign and symbol and warrant that whatever is found in its company may be gambled on as being the petrified truth ; how I have succeeded it would not be modest in me to say.' On seeing a small island, haif a mile long, which had been formed in nineteen years, we are invited to a profound speculation. ' Since there was so much timejto spare that nineteen years of it could be devoted to the construction of this bit of towhead, where was the use originally in rushing this whole globe through in six days ? It is likely if more time had been taken in the first place, the world would have been made right, and this ceaseless improving and repairing would not have been necessary now. But if you hurry a world,' &c.; He visits his birthplace, and meet6 an aged man who is able to give him the history of the companions of his youth. Finds that nearly all of them who had made any figure in the world, were those who in early youth had been given up as hopeless fools and sent adrift or had wandered to St. Louie. On inquiry as to what had become of himself, he is informed: 'Oh, he succeeded well enough —another case of d ? d fool. If they'd sent him to St. Louis he'd have succeeded sooner.' And he wound up the Sunday by addressing the Sun day school. Of the elder people, ' I noticed that the greatest changes observable were with the women, not the men. I saw men whom thirty years had changed but slightly, but their wives had grown old. These were good women ; it is very wearing to be good.'' The book is well and profusely illustrated, and of its merits we have only one tiling to say. It is idle to institute comparisons between it and some of his pre vious efforts. To a reading public who had never read Mark Twain, tliis book would stand out in due prominence over the host of sketchy works that are poured out year by year, and would of itself give ' him a name. But in contrasting this with his former works, we are trying to arrive at a relative judgment of himself now, when he has created a taste for hi6 peculiar style, with himself years ago, when his work was' an experiment. We have recently spoken in these columns of Mark Twain's humour. We have only to add that the pre sent book brings out a quality seldom referred to. When we have finished one of his books we have had our laugh. But we have had more. . Without knowing it, we have acquired a stock of information about innumerable things that can only be got else where by wading through dismal swamps of tedious commonplace — a trouble for which life is too short. From him we have the accuracy without the ' dignity of dulness.' 