AMONG THE PREACHERS , (FitOM THE THIBUXK.) Br Djookxes. WKSLEYAN CHURCH, WILLIAM-STREET, Probably there is no building in Sydney, not even a public school, which can boast of such a number of roofs over one floor as this. The diffi culty of keeping out the rain must have given infinite employment to the gutter-makers, while suCCCRb LllUIClIl luuSl U«l\U LUlupUilCU II1U iiriiUUCl himself to "spout" very considerably. Built oil the northern side of William-street, the interior of the church seems to have been adapted to the inclination thereby enforced upon it, as the scats for the congregation rise from the northern end nt a considerable angle to tlie entrance in the street. By this means everybody can see the minister, whilst he has the whole congrcgaiion well before his eyes. Tlie rostrum, with its tribune, is placed directly in front of tlie organ gallery, which, with the organ, is in the northern end of the building. The organ is a swcct-toncd instru ment of moderate power, and hn9 its front pipes painted in chocolate, blue, and gold. The choir consisted, at this service, principally of ladies, the three or four gentlemen notninking their presence noticeable except by their appearance. The organist is Mr. Godfrey, son of Mr. If. Godfrey, of Woollahra. and his manipulation of the instru ment gave proof of tlie possession of much musical ability. The singing was well in" tune, the enun ciation good, but tlie harmony deficient. The pews arc of cedar, and while those in the centre face the minister direct, the side seats are ar ranged angularly, like those of the Presbyterian Church at tlie Glebe. The very tall iron columns which support tlie roof have a light and orna mental appearance, and the roof is lofty and has a series of ventilators on each side. The windows, long and narrow, are tilled with coloured glass of modern style. Above the organ, the window has the emblematical dove, lamb, and holy Bible insomcof its compartments, all of stained glass. There are no galleries, and I dare say the church will comfortably seat 600 or 700 persons. In front of the rostrum, which is of cedar, stands the marble font, an ornamental and useful, if small portion of the church furniture. The service commenced by a voluntary, during which the minister, the 1107. Mr. M'Culiutn, ascended the rostrum, and on taking his scat poured out and drank a tumbler of water. It struck me at the moment this act might just as well have been performed in the vestry. The reverend gentleman is somewhat high shouldered, with pale face, black hair, whiskers, and moustache, but no beard. His movements were decidedly " jerky," especially when opening his books, or turning over tlie leaves, and gave an impression of nervous impatience, which, perhaps, does not belong to him. His voice, if natural, for bespoke and read at so high a pitch as to create a 'doubt in that respect, was disappointing, for one expected a more manly utterance from so large a frame. As it wns, it became at times very in distinct, from rapidity of utterance, whereas had he spoken and rend in a lower tone, and at less speed, not a word could have escaped liis listeners. In coal and white collar, he was undistinguisliable from the most orthodox clergy. After the first hymn he ouigaj cil in prayer, in which scriptural quotations largely abounded, although towards the end the prayer was couched in original and scholarly language, and comprehended in its sup plication all "sorts and conditions of men." This was followed by a hvmn, and then the minister rend the first chapter of tlie prophecy of Isaiah. At its conclusion the hymn, Nearer my God to Thee," was sung, but not to its best known music. Tlie second lesson was part of the 26th chapter of St. Matthew's Gospel, commencing at the 29th verse, and concluding at the 50tli, thus including simply the account, of the crucifixion. After another hymn, the preacher gave out his text, the last two verses of St. James's Epistle, ' Brethren, if any of you do err from the truth and one convert him, let him know that He who converted a sinner from the error of liis way, shall save a soul from death, and shall hide a multitude of sins." Tlie preacher commenced by recalling the episode in th'e life of Elijah, when lie had fied into the cave, and when the mighty wind, the earthquake, and the lire revealed not the presence of God, but the still small voice caused him to come forth to the entrance of the cave, and cover his face with his mantle as the I.ord passed by. The prophet was then in a state of doubt and despondency, and required his zeal to be renewed, and his faith strengthened. I- think, continued the minister, tint the first lesson we may learn is to be zealous for the Lord. There are many adversaries at work at the present time against him, Freethoughti-m, indifferentism, and materialism are at work to take us from this grand old book, placing his hand upon the Bible, and from God. But so long as we stick to this grand Book, and to its precepts, we cannot be lost. I remember talking to a young man over yonder, near London, upon religion, and all of a" sudden he .asked me to prove to him the existence of the Holy Ghost. I then discovered 1 was talking to an infidel, and oh, how dreadful is the thought, that such a one should live and "lie unconverted. I knew also an instance in which a young man who was ordained and had a charge, who gave up that charge to join the freethought party. That young man's father told me he would give all that no possessed if ho could only recall his son to the service of God and his own salvation. I remember also once in Manchester reading some very large placards on which were the words, that lectures would be given upon, " From the Wcsleynn pulpit to the freethought platform, God in a' box, and Christianity a failure." These lectures, I regret to say, were to be given by one who had once been a minister of our own church. 1 think he said the name was Syrne. Christianity a failure ! Why. the thing is an impossibility. This grand old Rook will prevent thai. Wo ought to be thankful to the Religion3 Tract Society, which has, as it were, sown the word of' Gbd broadcast throughout the world, by printing and distributing the Bible in every known language. The mighty Nile yearly overflows its banks, and leaves at its subsidence a black, slimy deposit upon the earth. Into this the seed is sown, and by-and-bye" the grain appears, and a glorious harvest-time follows. So, 1 believe, that out of this black slime of, infidelity and indiffer entism will arise a harvest of truth. What do any of these 'isms ' offer ns in return for our faith I Nothing. Some ask us to throw away this Book (taking it np in his hands) j but they give us nothing in return. No, dear brethren, we must hold it last, and make it nearer and dearer than ever. Then look what St. James says is the reward for the con version of a sinner. "He shall save a soul alive, and hide a multitude of sins," There is joy in H eaven over every soul that is saved, and each of us, old and young, can do something to convert another who has erred from the truth by bringing him back to Christ and life cternaL Let us, then, be up and doing, for wc have an assured recompense of reward. As a preacher, the Rev. Mr. M'Cullnm uses much gesticulation, and moves from one end oE the rostrum to. the other, occasionally resting before the tribune or leaning over it as he delivcrssome forcible passage. He has a decidedly Scottish accent, and would make a deeper impression were his utterances less rapid and his tone of voice lower. The congre gation was smaller than I anticipated to find, and here, as at almost all places of worship, the attendants are politely careful in providing strangers with books and seats. 