THE KECG CBAMPAGNE TROPBT. — ^ — As old Rockhatnpton oarsman, now resident in Sydney, has courteously sent as some aqnatic notes from the southern capital, wbjcb cannot fail to be interesting to local rowing men. Saturday afternoon, the 17th instant, wit nessed the last of the Krng Trophy contests, and this handsome and valuable trophy becomes the property of Mr. Fittes, of Melbourne, who has fulfilled the conditions by winning it on two occasions. Unusual interest was centred in the final heat, from the fact that two of the four contestants were previous winners whose second victory wonJd, of coarse, pot an eod to these very interesting straggles, and Messrs. Brett and Sharlaod did their utmost to arert this catastrophe, and sQcceededin disposing of Mr. Gaden, bat they were unsuccessful in their attempts to pat Mr, Fittes oat of it ; for after the first mile he had the race com fortably in hand, and won an exciting contest by two or three lengths from Brett, the same distance separating Brett from Sharland ; G&den; was completely ont of it. As these four are looked upon as the best amateur scullers in Australia, at least of those known to fame, a brief account of thetn might prove interesting to your tropical oarameo. Mr. Fittes, who was conspicaoos in black, was the first to attract the attention of those on board the steamer privileged to follow the race. 1 sbonld say he was about 27 yvars of age, stands 5 feet 1 1 inches, aod rowed II at. .- is broad acrv&s; the shoulders, and tapers off to the waist. He sits well op tn his boat, keeps a straight back, and is very rigid, while be rashes his ec tills through the water, which he does withont any loss of time, recovering with the greatest ease. He took the precau tion to oat a Dorons nlaster on each wrist and band, as well bb one on fris back, which, shows that he is not a very robust man. I think, however, this is more on account of his being subject to rheumatism occasionally. Mr. Brett, an old oarsman whose claim to ornate nrship is often questioned, he being looked npon more in the light of. a pro fessional, ts a tail rather spare man. He rows a long stroke, pate more dependence on his arms than on the other more important essentials to rowing. A. noticeable feature with him and Gadeo, and indeed with all Svdnej oarsmen, is that so soon as they catch the water they begin to slide, consequently the hack is not called upon to perform its fnnctaon in the slightest, all reliance being placed on the arms and legs. This is also perceptible in Trickett, hot more so in Roflh, Beach, and Pearce, who depend entirely on their great strength to carry them through. haycock is the only man who would take the fancy of each exponents of form as Johnson, Hartley, and Ogg of yoar Sowing Club. He can row in form and looks a picture in a boat. Great regret is expressed at his late accident, far no one here now will stand ** a ghost of a show' against the mighty fl«ila.ff when, he comes. Laycock was bead and shoulders better than any of oar professionals. Bat to return to the am&tenrg.; Me. Sharland, a gentleman of means who halls from Hobart, looked the picture of health and strength as he came spurting pa&t; the steamer. He was the most powerful of the competitors, and bis appearance took the eye more than any ot the others* He rows a long powerful stroke, bat it lacks the quickness of Fittes, and there is a perceptible hang at the finish when he seems to da most of his work. Mr. Sharland kept the same ding dang stroke up from first to last, and appeared to expend more strength than Fittes or Brett, and yet could not come within two lengths of the latter at any time of the race. A. good many fancied him as the winner, but the odds, which were 6 to 4 on Fittes, showed that he was the man the public most fancied. This doable victory of Fittes proves that his style is vastly superior to the others, all of whom differ ; for in this race, which was rowed against a strong head wind and tide, he had the worst of the position, being in mid stream in rough water. Brett, who at once took the lead and kept it for a mile, being in shore in smooth water. la conversation with Mr. Sharland, he told me he fully expected to win, but was disappointed tn the water, which, bad the race been started at the proper time — in hoar earlier — would have been very rough, as the tide was then running against the wind. For this he had come prepared, rigging hie boat with washboard and bladders, which, of coarse, handicapped him to the extent of 7 or S lbs. To this be attributes his defeat, Shoold another of these intercolonial con tests arise. I shall look forward to Queensland all comers, for the ** form ' displayed by some Queensland rowers and scullerB is greatly superior to what may be seen in Sydney har bour. ' Form ' or science is utterly ignored by Sydney men, and a fair criterion of their style may be formed by a comparison with the Maryborough crew, who rowed against and de Thts will be fresh in the memory of yoar oarsmen. Isformatiok has been received fromThora . day Island (eays the Courier) to the effect that Robert Bredt, formerly boatswain of the Government schooner Pearl, is believed to have been murder**! by the blacks. It ap pears he had a beche- de-mer station at Warrior Island, which he left on the 19th October in the boat Samoa, with a crew of three mainland blacks, intending to return in a day or two. He has, however, not been heard of since. Two water police were sent to search the straits, and after sa absence of 6ve days, reported that they had found Bredt'e boat wnnlr in two and a-balf fathoms off Peak Point. On searching a native camp in tbe vicinity they found a pair of boots, which were identified as having belonged to Bredt by hi» partner. 