MUSICAL EVEN r& The Montague-Turner season of English opera terminated on Friday evening with a version of Gounod's Faust that was scarcely to bo distinguished from burlesque. Of tho , three principal performors only Signor Verdi was well suited, to his part, that' of, Mephis- toplicles, neither ' Miss 'Montague nor Mr. Turner having cither the vocal or physical qualifications requisite for undertaking tho riles of Mnrgnerito' and Faust. Excepting Miss Savillo, who essayed Siebel. with a moderate amount of . success, the rest of the charactora in this opera . wero represented, by chorus Bingcrs of the roughest description,, whilo tho performance of the chorus was ex cruciating in tho extreme, some portions being discordantly Bnng with little attempt at har- monisation, and others altogether omitted, the latter being the lesB painful of tho two methods. In the last act a kind of mania seized everyone concerned, the prima donna, the tenor, the baritone and orchestra each giving an interpretation which differed essen tially - one from the other, and from toe score of the ill-used Gounod most- of all. On the following evening the' long promised " Mantcaux ' Noirs was pro- | duced by Messrs. Dumiing's opera bouffe company. The' original Australian cast in cluded the names of Miss Kate Chard, Mr. Dean Brand nnd M. Loredan. These no longer belong to the company, tlieir places being taken by Miss Deakin, Siijnoi- Verdi and Mr. Knight Aston, the other principal mem bers being Miss Ivanova and Messrs. Went- : worth and Appleby. The plot is full of interest . and. exciting situations, and the dialogue, trans-, lated from the French of Scribo and adapted to,- tho English stage by Messrs. Harry Eaulton' and W. Parke," is crisp, humorous and well ex pressed. The musical portion of the opera is furnished by Signor Bucnlossi, hitherto only known as a composer of dance music. Ho lias ' succeeded in producing a work which, while failing to claim any high consideration from an artistic point of view, is tunefnl nnd gener ally appropriate. An effort has been made to give a local coloring by the occasional use of the rhythm and musical devices identified with the national airs of Spain. That it istbe.com-. poser'B first attempt at operatic writing is evi dent from the meagreness of the concerted por tions, the unskilful manner in which the chorus parts are distributed, and tho general air of imitation that pervades every number. The standard aimed at is not high, the lighter form of Italian opera being the most am-, bitious model of the composer, with the ex ception of a serenade, in which Mozart's de- vice of a pizzicato violin accompaniment to represent the mandolin is adopted. A re- markahlo confusion of seasonB takes place between the first and second acts. In the first summer weather prevails, while in the second, supposed to take placo on llie evening of tho same day, snow' is falling. Notwithstanding tho severity of tho weather, tho Queen of Castile is abroad at midnight attired in precisely the same manner as in the previous act, attended by a crowd of persons in variouB airy kinds of apparel, who have come through a heavy snowstorm in this condition, and without the ghost of a shiver amongst them. Miss Ivanova gave a very pleasing representation of the rustic heroine. The Queen of Castile is not a character snitod to Miss Deakin's powers as an - actress, and in the mnsic ehe did not display any particular vocal ability. Mr. Knight Aston is new in better voico than on any previous occasion when he has been heard in Melbourne, and is a decided acqui sition to tho company. To Signor Verdi, as . the King of Castile, is allotted tho most at tractive solo number of the opera, the serenade already mentioned, which he sings with such spontaneity and power as to arouse ap-' plause of an extremely enthusiastic natnre. Dromez, tho character part of the opera, is played by Mr. Appleby, who should he able to do it full justice. Expecta tion was, however, disappointed in this re spect, for Mr. Appleby's impersonation was singularly wanting in originality and appro priateness. While representing a young and prosperous miller, whoso disadvantages, so for as they may ho gathered from tho toxt, consist in an unprepossessing personal appearanco and au avaricious disposition, ho assumes the same peculiarities of demeanor which characterised his performance in Boccaceio, and tho identical idiotic grin and Lancashire dialect that are associated with his representation of the rustic lover in the King's Dragoons. Erince Mctbnsalcin was performed for tho last timo on Wednesday, and cn Thursday evening Offonhaeh'e Grand Duchess was pro duced, Miss Einelie Melville appearing in the title role with much success. A generally ac ceptable rendering of tho opera was given, Mr, Farley distinguishing himself as the re presentative of General Boom. M. Caron eat in the conductor's chair, wielding a baton with his right hand and extemporising on the pianoforte with his left, He seemed to attach more importance to the latter function than to the former, sinco in many instances the -beat was given after the performance on the piano forte had commenced. La Bcllo Hhldne, by tho same. composer, is announced for perform ance next week, a reproduction which! will be especially welcome to those, who havo escn Miss Melville in this, said to be ono of her fnost agccossful rtlcti ' \- 'Another of the veiy enjoyable " Melbourne Popular Concerts" was given on Wednesday afternoon. Mendelssohn was represented by threo qumhers— a string qnartet, a pianoforte splo, and a song ; the rest of the programme CO&Bieting; . of compositions by Beethoven and Eubinstein., Madame Carlotta Tasca, tho boIo pianist . of the afternoon, per formed ' on ' a ' new concert grand by Brinsmeadj a remarkably fine instrument, the , accomplished artist being heard to great advantage. It only arrived in timo to be steamer to the concert room, and was used just as it left England, showing the extraordinary stability of tile instruments manufactured by this flrm. - Miss Loniao Yeoman made a first ap pearance at those concerts, and created a very favorable ' impression by the excellent quality, of her voice aud her intelligent de livery, of the music. . -The twenty-third subscription concert of the Brighton Harmonic Society takes place on Tuesday, in the Orderly Koom, Brighton, at which G ado's cantata, the Erl King's Daughter, will be performed, under the con- ductorship of Mr. Jnlics Herz. A choral setting of Canon Kingsley's Ode to the North east Wind, by Miss Alico Mary Smith (Mrs. Meadows White) will also he rendered, together with part songs, vocal solos,tand orchestral selections. " A pianoforte recital is announced to- be given in tho Athenxum Hall on Thursday evening by the clever hey pianist, Ernest: Ilutclieson, whose recent performances of pianoforte musio have shown his possession Of unnsual musical talent,, which is being judiciously developed under the tuition of Dr. Torrance, ' : , BATON. . 