Salvation Army Wedding. {From the Melbourne Daily Telegraph .) One of the quaintest religious ceremonies ever witnessed was performed at the Salvation Army barracks, Wellington street, Collingwood, on Wednesday evening, _ the occasion being the marriage of two of these well-meaning Christian soldiers to two of the ' daughters of the regiment.' The union was announced to take place at 7 o'clock, but long before that time the barracks were literally packed. A charge of sixpence was imposed upon those seeking admis sion^ the result being that the meeting was free from larrikins. There must have been between 1500 and 1600 persons present, women predominating. Almost every man had a flower iu his coat, and all the women carried bouquets. At half-past 6 the proceedings commenced with the singing of hymns with that characteristic vigour whose energy compensates for any lack of melody. Precisely at. 7 o'clock the happy pairs were ushered in and took their seats upon the platform, the brides upon the right of the Rev. Mr. Horsley and Major Barker, who officiated, and the bridegrooms upon the left. The ladies were young and decidedly prepossessing in appearance, although the sombre coBtume of the army was not calculated to enhance their charms. They wore the black dresses and quaint bonnets of tbe Hallelujah lasses, the only departure from the usual costume being a white wedding favour upon the left breast. Their names were Miss Elizabeth Polglate, a native of Tasmania, and Miss Carrie Stevenson, the daughter of a farmer near Kerang. They were to be married respectively to Captain Phillips, better known as the ' happy Welsh man , and Cadet Foley, of Fitzroy. The latter has no distinguishing nickname. He is a fine stalwart young fellow of the artisan type, and, it is said, had been a shoe maker 'with a bad record' until he joined tho army and reformed. After several hymns had been sung, |and - brief prayers had been offered, the couples were ranged on either side of the Rev. Mr. Horsley, who went through the ordinary form of declaration required by law with each of the parties. Major Barker then explained to the audience aud the inte rested parties the nature of a Salvation Army marriage. It was not a union of worldly affection, but a partnership for the purpose of doing the good work and promoting the in* tereste and extending the influence of the Army. Criesof ' Hallelujah' and 'God bless the Army ' re sounded through the hall. The marriages made in the Army are strictly under the supervision of the commanding officer. Before any engagement is entered into the parties communicate with Major Barker, who, if he approves of the union as being likely to he to the mutual welfare of the parties and the advancement of the Army, consults with the happy couple, and arranges the date of the wedding. This course had been followed in the present instances, and the major expressed his hearty approbation of the double event. Bndes and grooms then knelt down, and each of them delivered a short address, to the effect that the marriages were being entered into solely for the sake of the Lord. Cadet Foley, whose speech is rough, but unmistakably eloquent, began— ' Oh Lord, this is a very serious matter,' causing the irreverent to forget the solemnity of the occasion and burst into laughter. ' Order !' cried Major Barker, in his brusque way. 'Don't let us have any of that; it's not a thing to laugh at, and I tell you that you wouldn't laugh perhaps if you were going to get married.' The brides confined themselves to brief prayers ; and another hymn having been enthusiastically sung, Major Barker went through the usual form of ceremony, commencing, ' Wilt thou,' &c.;, interpolating to join in promoting and extending the influ ence of the Salvation Armv before the words of the usual formula ' to have and to hold,' &c.; When Cadet Foley was asked if he would take Miss Stevenson for his tfedded wife, he exclaimed in a loud and energetic voice, « My word ! that I will !' 'Then,' said Major Barker, c,put on the rings; and I call upon all here to witness that, in the name of God the Father, the Son, the Holy Ghost, and of the Salvation Army, I declare you to be man and wife !' The same formula was repeated with the second couple, and then a scene followed that it is impossible to do justice to in print. The instant that Major Barker pronounced the second couple man and wife, a mighty ' Hallelujah ! God bless them rang through the building, and the air became literally darkened with bouquets. From the audiencs flowers poured in in an unceasing volley; from the raised seats at the back of the platform, bunches, garlands, wreaths, and coat-flowers also, literally rained down upon the blushing brides and the happy grooms. So thick and heavy was the floral hail that the clergyman and those near him had to throw up their hands to protect themselves from the deluge, though an occasional ' Oh !' of pain told that a well-aimed bouquet had got through the defence, and landed, stalk first, upon the Rev. Mr. Horsley's ear. The enthusiasm was hysterical in its vehemence, and it culminated when an energetic and bald headed officer, a visitor from another district, sprang from his seat, and led off with one of the wedding songs selected for the occasion. The band struck up gaily, the people sang lustily, and when the chorus was reached — Let the bells of heaven ring. Let tbe happy soldiers sing, Every marriage blessing bring 'While we bless the Lord ! Bless the Lord ! Bless tue Lord ! Bless the Lord ! Bless the Lord ! With our captain and bride We will bless the Lord. May His richest blessings flow On them both where'er tbey go, Till in heaven we part no more. A thousand handkerchiefs of all colours were waved by the enthusiastic witnesses to the marriage ceremony. Mothers danced their babies above tbeir heads, keeping time to the music, and, wheu an occasional rest afforded an opportunity, some of the inspired soldiers filled nptho space with a deafening 'Hallelujah.' ' * . . There was none of the indiscriminate embracing ana kissing attendant upon marriage ceremonies generally, and when the uproar, 'the flower-shower, and the waving of handkerchiefs ceased, the newly-wed Hallelujah lasses took their seats demurely apart from their husbands as before the ceremony. ? , _ A wadding hymn, ' When we arrive at Home,' was sung, and then the four parties to the ceremony respectively addressed those present to' the effect that they were so happy, and were doing it for the sake of the Lord. They felt certain that He would bless their union, and make them the means of reclaiming many sinners. All of them spoke with an earnestness that commanded respect in spite of the rnde and, at times, ungrammatical phraseology used. Major Barker followed with a characteristic address upon the good that the Army was doing, and referreed to the un justifiable arrest ot Miss Booth in Geneva and the unfeeling refusal upon the part of the municipal authoiities to ellow the Army to march through the streets of Melbourne. The concluding hymn, 'Hallelujah!' was sung to the repeated enthusiastic waving of a thousand handkerchiefs; and the ceremony being over, the various members crowded round to congratu late the happy Welshman and the reformed shoemaker Jand their bonny-looking brides. The only wedding present visible was a block of ice, in which a handsome boaquet of flowers had been frozen. This had been sent by an en thusiastic admirer, and remained upon the platform during the evening. Tbe usual Salvation Army meeting was to be held at the batracks afterwards, but as the attraction of the evening had teen the wedding, the vast throng quickly dispersed, after what the enthusiastic and baldheaded visiting captain declared, 'A grand financial success, that beats the churches all to fits.' ? 