WHO SHOULD MARRY, AND WHEN? TO THE EDITOR Sir,—It is gratifying to find that an effort is being made throughout England and the colonies to promote what is pretty generally understood by the expression "social purity." But in some respects this zeal for goodness seems to manifest itself not in accordance with knowledge, because as far as can be discovered from the published expressions of the prominent advocates of '' social purity," God's method of enforcing nis own law is largely, if not altogether, left out of sight. Professing to be guided in faith and morals by the Bible alone all the teaching there laid down for good living should be kept before the young, and not a view of one eide of the means of reformation only. For instance, I the caution of St. Paul not to marry on account of the "present distress" is sometimes quoted as if we lived in times which bear the slightest resemblance to the cir-1 cumstances the Apostle of the Gentiles referred to. Dr. Adam Clarke in his commentary on 1 Corinthians vii. 26 aays, " Then the people of God had no certain dwellingplace. They were lying at the mercy of their enemies J without any protection from the State—the State itself I often among the persecutors." After such an insight into what St. Paul meant by " the present distress, it I cannot be said that there is any resemblance between such times and our own, or that there is now any eimilar reason why " marriage," which God affirms to be " honorable in all," should be indefinitely put off; and least of all does this broad land of peace and plenty I afford any ground for it to be thought that our Creator Las changed His mind from the time when He said it was I not good for man to be alone." Carlyle, in his trenchant way, exclaims, " Let every young man marry —marry well if he can, but let him marry." As I etand in the presence of an epitaph in the catacombs of Some, I feel how far we are from the practice of the j ancient church, for there I read, " To Domita, 375, A.D. I My sweetest and most innocent wife, who lived sixteen I years and four months, with whom I was not able to I live more than sir months, during which time I showed her my love as I felt it; none else so loved each other." I Well might some seer arise just now in the spirit of liis Master, and say, " ye make void the law by your I traditions." The customs of society in this matter give I countenance to the opinion of the late George Smith, the Assyrian explorer, " that our system is rather retro* I than pro-gressive." We naturally look to the ranks of I the ministers of religion for teaching on the subject of I •narmge, bearing directly on Christian life as it does. I "Set hoar little do we hear from them of the importance I of marriage in early life as a religious duty. Dr. Clarke, I to trhom J have already referred, only re-echoes the I voice of Scripture, of reason, and of common sense when he says that an unmarried man benefits neither society, the church, or the State. | The other day the world was agog with the virtues | and the gloi. y tlle late Presiden t Afield, and wh° To* V^Z. Z^ Z. t T ana wno | poverty only to be averted by tojl And ^ ^ to be tlie mother of such a son, was that heroic widow ever heard to regret the step she took ? And I hold that in this colony no young man or young woman wlio have a heart and a will worth the name would shrink from facing the world and making a place for themselves 111 if c ' T ' le ? ther d r a was ? 8 iven out that two young me n ' probationers for the Methodist ministry, had e x P 09ed themselves to discipline because, as St. Peter of (some , of) another^ "our fathers obligation nor we in were his time, able to that bear"—they " neither " had married before the term of their probation had expired. It is a frequent complaint that suitable young men, natives of this colony, do not offer themselves for the Methodist ministry; and is it likely, in the presence f a ride prohibiting marriage for foAr years, that J0Ung man o£ any p ronouncc d character will ever offer himself for that work ? It is universally acknowledged by those who have paid attention to the subject, that men in whom the tendency 0f natural love is most deeply implanted exercise the greatest influence over their feilows for good. In other words, the men who, like their Master, can be touched with a feeling for the infirmities of others, are the most efficient agents in advancing that kingdom which, in unison wilh natural laWj ig fa „ righteous b ne pcace ' and joy in the Holy Ghost." Again, such treatment as these two young men l:ave received is a slight upon the purity of marriage itself, which will, by reaction, lessen in the eyes of many the obligation to marry as laid down in the Word of God, I At this time, when Christian men and women are arous- I ™S themselves to put down, as far as they can, rampant , im ° ,oml ( it ifc is J' ? f the utmost importance that every ^'mate means should be employed to accomplish tkeir fff' i teachers of morality in our day should 4 Tlil T" 0 ' ' V ' 1 ™ ^ » Aubigne against the Jesu l . ts ^ho urged Louis XIY. to desist from liis bad as the great Protestant historian avers, ?i™f" CeS- Iw i-i ,• • „ W ™ S a ? ueen hvw S u ,^er the same roof who D | • for " s ° 0J PP m y •' 50 now m^ny young , T? 1 V" Vam t0 bec ° m « tLe queens of humtler becaU S ° reformer of the age enjoins e " " e generation the duty which God experts of m °st young men m the matter of marriage, am> y0Urs> ete '' SYMPATHISER, 