m;e Lb:o uen.e n e w s. !. FROM, OUR. o(yif:.CORRE3PONPENT. ;/. I 7 ;/:! .. a : . : .i'. / Friday ovoning. Tho sonsational Carter case lias seon anothor stage in ft rather 7 unexpeo'ted direction: It will be reniembcrod "that : Mrs Cartor; tlio ivifo 'of Robert, parteiy. admitted whilstiundqr oxftmipa- tion at'the'lrisoiveney ' Court tlio. /oilier day she gave thb'ririnio" of Joniitriri Georgiria Russoll, al though' shovqs th'o widow elf a mriri nriniod "Van den Ho.r,7 a.n'jl h'er, mriiden' name wits' Lavinia Hawke,"., Geqfgb. Hoop'pr was present at tho coroinqny,, qnd . Btatod that , lio: was hor brother, giving, (ho nam.o of John Russoll. Tho Itov. A. GilohrUt, ::tho Woll-known Hotham Prosbyforian minister, 'married thorn, and th'o falso riaines wore Bignod in. tho rogister. Tlio ovidenco taken in tho Irisolvehcy Court was referred to tlio Crown law authorities for consideratioii, tho result being that' to-d«y Hooper arid Mrs Cartor WOro flVt<Mflf/if1 ritV ri' '/iKn'vfrft nf lVnln vvfnllir rini»_ spiring .by. fraudulqnt means to dcceivo (lie Rev. Mr: GilQiVriqt.7liy , making hhd inserting false 8jh,teiiiei(tq iri .tiio riiarririgo register. ! TTlio partieB wore at difforont'. hotels when arrostod, and Hooper appoarod to have ovorythipg ready for a sTfift?" Criftu'r" iiiis riot yq( hboW; avreStcd, hut ho will'bo iri'th'6" liririda of tho polido boforo mug. Thoy will' 'bo- brought before th'o' City Police Court to-morrow and rcinrindud for a week. It is not unlikely that somo ro vela t ions of a startling nature will be made in , this ex traordinary case before long. '/ The Steam Navigation Board hold a irieotfug to-day for tlio pufp'oso , of onquiring into . the grounding of tho steamer Williams whilst riu- Rogod , t(iwi(j» tlio Guq.rgo Rojior 011 tlio. dlli lust. 'TlVo'oviildiico taken i ri' tho' Gotirgo Rdper on(u.iryrW,?®Tn9Plfl:,t0d, arid the Board, without r?, 'F'dft0, qxolmratdd Captain Richrii'dsoh' from sff blamqji.' Thri- Board also inquired "into"' tlio wroolcj of' 'tlio 8lqkmer; Biackhqyy' jjvliiblt'iUs oast on tlio ''rbeks whilst' lo'riviiig 'tiiq/ Gboi'go Roper < (vifh'- a' "ourgq Of salvago g'dqdri. After ear,d|?;'Ov|dqn'pq' tl(q 'Bqrird fouiid ' thrit/tlici oc- ourrencri'' wari nboidoiilal, 'and oXonuratod tho oaptain from blaino. - _ Tliq0niiual mootiiig.of tho: shareholders of thb" ,, 1 IPtormn . Insurance Company wari hold ' to-day1, Heury .Mlloribbing/ iii tho ohair. Tllu lJ|fiort ahuwed that tho Bum'-riviiilrihla foYdls- ri but ion was L15,431,' out of which it 'dividend oflO per ooifit., rind a 'bonus af 2J per qont.'was doolrired, .and 1:10,431' carried forward: :-Tho rqtiringTdir'octqds and . auditors ; wore re-oloctod, , The immenso blorik of buildings situated in tho' Treasury .Gardo'ns, arid Comprising ' 'tho offieos of tho Premier, Ministers of Lands, Works, Minos, Agriculture, Water Supply and Law offieos had ri vory nh'rroW oscapo last night from; boing burned to tho ground. Shortly bofo'fp 10 o'clock ' one of tlio eurotakora residing , in oriC of tlio partly dqiftolishod offieos of tho Gqvo'rniriorit printer, obkorvod, flames in No.; II room in tho Lands branch. . Fbrtunatoly tho fiarbtiikbr had keys admitting ' liim to tlio building, rind ho lost no timo in gottirig to tlio room in which tlio flames nppoared. On opon- ing tho . door ho found that tho firo already hud a considerable hold, and burnod a liolo through tho floor, but with the assistance of somo wator from an adjoining lavatory ho quickly succeeded in quenching tho flames, when it was discovered that in addition to tho liolo, in the floor consi derable damage was done to tho walls and coiling, 1110 lureer oeing an niaoireneu anu cracuea, ana it was hoticed tliat tho flames had boon drawn through tho vontilator in tho centre, whero in a fqw minutes longer they would have sot fire to the pino beams, after which it would havo been an utter iiripossibility to suhduo tho flames. At first there wa3 considerable difficulty in account ing for tho firo, hut it appears that last night after tho place was closed a elmrwoin'ah took uno of tho logs left burning in tho fireplace, and after, as she thought, putting it out, sho placed it" on a barrow containing wood for tho next day's fires, and it is aupposod that this log, lifter smouldering for somo iiours, blazed up. Tlio damago done is estimated' at L10, but had tho blaze not boon so quickly noticed tho: loss would havo been torriblo, as not one of the Go vernment buildings are insured. .... A shocking accidont occurred this rii'orriirig about 20.30, at the Red Heart Preserving Com pany's factory, Swanston -street north; By which a ydring womrin named Robocca Davidson, agod 22, residing, in Sponeor-stroot, reeoived sevoro bodily injuries. It appears that tho young wo man was" engaged attending to a cauldron oi! boiling jolly, when by soriio mishap sho slipped and foil into - the boiling liquid, and was badly .scalded on tho back, ami3 and breast. Sho was almost' immediately reiiioved to tlio Melhq'ub'nO Hospital, where slip was treated by Dr 'Barrett, aVid''reriiains iii that institution in .a, prqqarious eoridi tion. .. . .. 1 7 1 ,l''" ,1 .'Oharlos ,-F. Robinson, until lately 'cashier' rind plrirk, to, tho Molhourno Omnibus Company, , was procoeclod against at tho, City Court this, 'morn-; irig for stealing the sum of L4 10s from ,tho Mol hourno Oinnibus Company,/ arid remanded until, SVqdnesday.: Tho spqcifio ohargo ontered upon thq! 'ohargu-shoet dots riot covor the ' wholq amount alleged to have boon stolen, ' which is stated to amount to LI50.: , Mr Gillot.t appeared for the dofonce,' ' " - . . : A petition . was proseHted to His Honour Mr; Justico Higinbothrim iti Glialnbers to-day in a divoreo suit Watson v:. Watson. The potitionor seeks a divoreo from liis wife, and makes Mr William Halliw.elj, French' polishes of Hotliam cj-reipoiidon't- ;His -Honour 'accepted tfio. peti tion. . .... . . ..Tito ;Piiot; Board this; morning held an enquiry iuto.tlie conduct of tho master, of the b'arario Jules Mareo which wqut aground in tho South Chaiiriol on tlio 4th inst. The following was the I decision of tho Board: — "Tho Pilot Board of j Yictoria liriviug takon into consideration tho cir- i cumstances connected with the grounding of tho i Jules Marco, fiud that the master/John Ruddy, 1 , was guilty of misconduct in attempting to triko 1 \- pilot charge of tho barquo through the South i Channel when liis certificate was for tlio West | Channel." Tho Board thoreforo suspendod his jcertiiicato for one month. A respectable-looking young fellow named Frederick M'Intosh, was charged at tho City Court to-day with assault and robbory. " It ap peared that when a residont of Little Bourke- strorit was returning homo through tho Carlton ' Gardens with a fomrilo cohipauion during the BifiaM hours of tho morning they were accosted by tho prisoner who snatchod a muff and then made off. He afterwards made a second raid on : the pair, and took a black bag, but this time ho :was seizod by a bystander and handed over to ; the police. As it was evident that the young fellow, who was returning home from a jollifica tion' had' committed tho daring robbory under the impression that I10 was only " having a lark,"' tho bench ' let liim off lightly, imposing j a find of 40s or. 14 days. I- i ' Wlirit looks very like an attempt ; at . s'olf-do- I struqtion occurred at . Emerald! Hill , to-day, , when a yourig woman riariiod Afico Dunlop' swallowed the .consents of :a . bottle of: liquid: sttychnirio. She told;' her sister immediately afterward./ that/ she had done so, when assistance was at once procured, and the woman removed to tho Mel bourne Hospital. The particulars bo fair "as is" yet known do riot disolqsd whether the act was intentional or otherwise; 7 - The Yictoria Racing Club Wintor Stebplechase Meeting' takes place' to-day.; The following is! niy' pick for tlio various evcritB Main Hurdlqs. -Matador, The Joker, Ontario ; Graiid. Nri-'. ti'o'riaV Hurdle's— Lothair, Prospect ; Grand. Na-, tiorial Steeple— Australian Court, Sailor,; jEu- jchro , Selling Hurdles— Musidora, Stormbird ; jFlat Race — Squireen, Coritossina, The Ghost. Commercial.— Flour is moving off in good itrado lots at L10 — somo inquiry for export. jOata, especially indifferent Bamplos of -New-Zea land, are quitted with somo difficulty. About 1200 bags placod this morning at 2s 101 d to 3s 0d, duty paid, according to sample.. Barley Bteody, 250 hags of New Zealand sold- at 5s 8d, as por sample. Peas placed at 3s lOd. jBran taken at Is Id. In sugar there -is a steady demand, whilst the inquiry for brewers' (crystals is maintained. 1000 bags and pookets (of Queensland and Mauritius sold at and up to L34 10s for fine wliitos. : .. . | Tho Share Market.— South Dykes and Dykes Freehold wero frooly dealt in at 9s Gd and Us Gd respectively. Egerton was somowhat dull, without ohango iu prieo, and Loughlins, Ma- damo Berry and Long Tunnel Extendod wore all offered without support. Band and Albions, Berry No. 1, Goldon Streams and Maxwells (vero in good: request at improved rates. Mas- cottos, Mitta Mitta,continuos to improve, buyers this morning at lGs, sollors asking 20s, sales reported at 17b Gd. Sandhurst stocks continue in good favour, but pricos were not woll.sus- tainod.. New St. Mungos and Devonshire stocks wore firm. Now, Chum stocks steady. In- vostmont stocks are unchangod. SVe 110 to a demand has sprung-, lip for Dixon's patent gas, and shares changed lnnds at 15s. 