Tales and Sketches. AN ADVENTURE IN THULE. CHAPTER III. "Do you see her?" said Colin M'Calmont, in the same low voice, as if the Frenchmen could hear at that distance. "Yes," was the reply, as the younger lad described the small dot of a vessel away down there in the south. "Do you think that is one of the smacks?" "That is what I think." Then he added: "Colin, if they go by peaceably, and do not try to kill one of your father's sheep, we need not do anything? They will not know we are here." "What did I come out for" said the other, scornfully. "What did I come out for but to let everyone of them know we are here! I want it talked about at Reikiavik; that is what I am thinking of. I do not wish to have any more of my father's sheep killed. I wish them to take the story to Reikiavik that there are people on Farriskeir now, and that if anyone goes near to Farriskeir to have a shot at the sheep—well, the shooting may not be all on one side. It is not for nothing that I have come to Farriskeir." They rowed round the southern end of the island, and then to the eastern side made their way into a small, naturally formed harbour which was protected by a low ridge of rock. Over this rock the mast of the boat could be seen easily enough; and that was what Colin M'Calmont wanted. Even if the French fishermen did not approach the island, they would at least see the mast of the boat (provided they came that side), and would so gather that Farriskeir was not always to be a happy hunting-ground for them. They got the anchor ashore, and made the boat fast; then they had their own move- ments to consider. "Archie," said the elder, 'if you are afraid, go away to the cave at the end of the island; they will never think of searching that." "Whether I am afraid or not is no great matter," said the other; "it is where you are that I am going to be." "Oh, very well, then; we will now set about loading the pistol." The pistol they had brought ashore with them; likewise the canister of powder, some wads, and a small paper bag full of shot. "Are you going to put shot into it, Colin?" said the younger boy, somewhat timidly, when his companion had filled in the powder and rammed the wad home. "Well, now, it is much more than I, that you know about this pistol, Archie! but I was thinking if there were some shot put into it, it would make the greater noise, and be more like a gun. What do you say to that now?" "But you will not fire at them?" Colin M'Calmont laughed derisively—but not very loudly. "And that is a very fine thing!" said he. Who was it that wanted at the very beginning to have a shot at the Frenchmen? Who was it that was not afraid of the sheriff at Stornoway?" "But it would be a dreadful thing to kill a man, Colin." "Now that is the truth you are speaking, like the old man of Ross. The old man of Ross never said anything truer than that. And it is not I that want to be taken before the sheriff of Stornoway. No; I am putting in shot to make a fine good noise; but after- wards I may also put in shot; do you see that now? This time is to make a noise, and give them a story to carry to Reikiavik; that time it will be if they want to land and chase us. And then every one to himself; that was what the weasel said when he went home." "Colin," said the younger lad timidly, "when we were coming near the island I saw two wild swans fly away. It is not a good sign to see the wild swans fly away from the island." "Your head is full of nonsense," said the other scornfully. ''They say the wild swans are princesses," continued Archie Livingston, not heeding the taunt, ''that were changed by magic. And it is not a good thing to see them fly away when you come near the land." "It is many and many a wild swan I have seen—yes, thirty of them together, washing themselves and flapping their wings in Loch- an-Innis; but never yet seen one that would wait till you could put salt on its tail. Archie, my lad, your head is full of nonsense. But if you are afraid of wild swans, or princesses, or anything else then there is the cave for you; and you can leave me to deal with the frog-eaters. This is what I'm afraid of; that they may not come near enough—it is not the wild swans that I am afraid of." "And if I am afraid I am not going to run away," said his companion, "That is one thing I am not going to do. Where you are, Colin, it is there I am going to be." "Very well, then, we will go and get a good hiding-place behind the rocks; and you will be very quiet, Archie, so that, if they think about landing to steal a sheep, we will see it very plainly; and then after the shot you will do as I do—but not a word all the time. It was not without a great deal of difficulty and cautious experimenting that Colin M'Calmont found a suitable hiding-place for himself and his companion. But at last he discovered an abrupt little hollow behind a ledge of rock, where, himself unseen, he could peep over and watch the approach of the vessel that was now drawing nearer and nearer; while, in the event of the fishermen landing and pursuing them, they could from this point slip unperceived up to the northern end of the island, where there was a cave not likely to be discovered. The smaller lad lay prone on the rock, motionless, scarcely daring to breathe. His companion from time to time cautiously peered over the edge; and now there was no doubt at all that the vessel was one of the French fishing-smacks bound for Iceland. M'Calmont took the precaution of putting a few grains of fresh powder in the pan of the pistol; then they waited—in profound silence broken only by the monotonous splashing of the sea along the rocks and the shingle. Just in front of his head as he lay on the sloping ledge of rock, M'Calmont had placed a few tufts of withered heather, through which he could easily see what was going on. And when the French vessel came along, and when he saw them deliberately put her head up to the wind, and lower a boat, and put two men in the boat, who calmly began to row to the island, his face grew red with anger. He dared not even whisper to his companion who was lying mute and motionless besides him (and very afraid, too, though he would not have admitted it), and he was say- ing to himself: "If this now is not the most impudent thing! Oh yes! you will come and help yourself to a sheep—a sheep belonging to a poor man who has to work hard enough for his living; and you will have a good dinner on board; and a good laugh when you go to Iceland. It would take little now to make me fire at you and your boat you—French thieves!" But whether or not it was the fear of the sheriff at Stornaway, wiser counsels prevailed. When he had allowed the boat and the two men to come within thirty or forty yards of the island he took up the big horse-pistol and locked the hammer. Then holding it tight (for fear of the recoil) at arms' length from him, he pointed the pistol along the gully behind him, and pulled the trigger; and the next second there was a sudden crash of noise in the silence, and a puff of splintering rock where the shot had struck. Archie Livingston looked terrified; but M'Calmont, having serious work on hand, turned to his hiding-place again, and peeped through the tufts of heather to see what effect this shot might have had. The men in the boat were very obviously surprised. They had stopped rowing. One of them indeed, was now standing up, closely scanning the shore, and M'Calmont kept him- self closely concealed, for he knew that the smoke from the gunpowder would give them more or less vague indication of his where- abouts. What would they do? Would they go back to the fishing-smack, merely with the impression that now there were people living on the island? Or would they consider that they had been fired at, and be tempted to make reprisals? He could see that they were excitedly talk- ing to each other; and one of them pointed to the creek in which M'Calmont's sailing- boat lay; then they put their oars into the water again, and continued rowing for the shore. ''They are going to land Archie!" said M'Calmont, in a quick whisper. "Come along—sharp! We will make for the cave; and there will be time to load the pistol there. Quick! quick, now! and keep low down." But every nook and gully of the island was well known to both of them; and they easily made their way to the north end of the island without showing themselves on any of the higher rocks. Fortunately, too, for them their appearance earlier in the day had frightened the half-wild sheep over to the western side of the island, so that there was no scurrying of startled animals to show their tracks. They reached the coast line again; made their way along some rocks; and then slip- ping down cautiously, entered a small cave that just allowed them to stand upright. The floor was of sand and shells washed in by the high tides; and a few tufts of sea- asplenium showed their dark-green fronds in the shelves and crannies; otherwise the cave was pretty much of a bare black hole, with a curious damp odour of sea-weed in it. "Now, Archie, the powder—quick!"—for other the younger lad had charge of the ammunition. It cannot be denied that Archie's fingers were trembling somewhat as he produced the tin cannister; but his companion did not notice that—he was too anxious to have the pistol loaded. And when that was completed he seemed to breathe more freely. "Now do you see this Archie," said the cheerfully, "that we have the best of the other position? For if they come after us and find out the cave, we are in the dark, and they cannot make us out, but they are in the light, and will see everything they mean to do. And there only two of them; and what I am determined on is this—if they try to do any harm to us, I will put a shot into them, whether there is a sheriff in Stornaway or no." "It is no use speaking to them, for they do not understand any language but their own. And if they point a gun at you or me, it is I that will be firing first, or you may call me a splay-footed fellow. But as for you, Archie, if they find out the cave, you will go right to the back of the cave, and you will lie down, with your face to the ground, and then they will never see you at all. For it is better to be safe without fighting than to be safe after fighting, as the old man of Ross said." They waited and waited, and there was not a sound ontside. "I wonder now," the elder lad said at length, "whether they thought I was firing the shot at them? Perhaps they did not come ashore at all. That will be much better; if they have gone back to the others and told them that the time is past now for having a sheep off Farriskeir." "I am sure I hope they have gone away, Colin," said the younger of the boys, who had not spoken since they entered the cave. He had been listening for sounds without; not quite certain whether, in the event of pursuit, he should take his companion's advice and hide, or whether he ought to lend what help he could. Suddenly something occurred that made both the lads start. They found two eyes glaring into the cave—two large, soft, staring eyes, and belonging to a bushy, flat shaped head; and then the next moment before they had time to recover from their fright, the strange creature had turned and made off as quickly as its webbed feet and long tail would allow. "Well, I never saw an otter on land before," said Colin M'Calmont, who was the first to recover his presence of mind. "He must have come up through the sea- weed there. If it was not for the Frenchmen, maybe I could catch him yet; for they go so very slow on land." "Colin, do not go out of the cave," the other entreated, "As for the otter what is an otter? You can trap one at Camus Head, if you want one. And as for that one, he is down through the sea-weed, and into the sea long ago. He will be as far away as Ruaveg by this time." Nevertheless, with the natural curiosity of a young lad, Colin must needs go to the mouth of the cave and peer cautiously around. There was no sign of any otter; and there was neither sign nor sound of the French fishermen. But the next second some- thing else caught his eye. "Archie," come here!" he called out. "Come here, now I see the smack is away to the north. I know that that is the same one from the red patch on her mainsail. They have gone away now, Archie." "And a good thing, too," said the younger lad, coming out to the light and the warmer air. "Yes, that is the smack, Colin I believe. And now they will take the story to Reikiavik." "Yes," said his companion with some- thing of triumph in his face and tone. "That is true. And there will be no more stealing of the sheep now. And what we have to do now is to put some timber and spars into the boat and get away off to the mainland. "And you will not be afraid of the ques- tions any more, Archie, if the girls at the sheilling will be asking you why you went to Farriskeir. For did we not prevent the Frenchmen landing; and we have saved one or maybe more of my fathers sheep; and the warning to the frog-eaters will be a good thing besides. There is only the one thing now that I am sorry for." "And what is that, Colin?" "That I did not have a shot at the otter." "That I am not sorry for," said his friend (who had regained all his modest confidence and cheerfulness); "it was a more important thing than an otter that we came out for; and never before did I hear my pistol make such a noise." "I thought my arm was off," said Colin, with a laugh. They had by this time got back to the gully behind the ledge of rock which they had chosen for their hiding place, and some distance beyond that again was the creek where they had moored their sailing boat. All at once M'Calmont paused with a strange look on his face. "Archie, where is the boat?" said he. The young lad glanced at him awe-stricken. It was more from the look of Colin's face than from anything else that he guessed something was wrong. "Archie they've stolen the boat—they've taken away the boat!" said the elder lad, gazing at the empty creek. "That is not possible Colin," said the other (but with a sudden sinking of the heart). "They dare not do that. It would be seen. They had no boat towing astern. Maybe they have hid it, Colin for a joke." Without answering, Colin ran up to one of the higher plateaus, and eagerly scanned every little indentation of the coast-line. But no mast was visible! and the mast of the boat was higher than any of these rocks. Then his quick eye noticed something floating on the water some forty or fifty yards out, then something else—a basket that he recognized; and then he knew what had happened. CHAPTER IV. But before going down to his companion he pulled himself together. He knew that Archie Livingston was easily frightened; and this that had happened was enough to frighten an older lad than he. M'Calmont descended from the plateau slowly, considering what he should say, and doing his best to assume an indifferent demeanour. "Archie," said he, "there is no doubt about what the Frenchmen have done. They have taken out the boat and sunken her. Yonder are things belonging to her, float- ing on the water but not the oars, they have stolen the oars." Almost mechanically the younger lad's eyes were turned to the space of water in- dicated by his companion; then he said aghast: "Colin we shall die of hunger." Colin had been prepared for this. "Die of hunger!" he exclaimed. "Now you are talking like some poor creature who has never been away from a town. You are talking like the tailor who came to Bernera last year, and did not know that cattle could swim. "How could we swim to the mainland?" said the younger lad who seemed ready to cry. "It is twelve miles and more." "I did not mean that at all. I say you are talking foolishness when you speak of starvation and that you ought to know better, being a Highland lad and not a tailor from Glasgow." Indeed, this raising of his companion's spirits was giving M'Calmont himself plenty of spirits. "Now, look here, Archie. The loss of the boat, that is bad; my father can ill afford to lose the boat; and that is a hard thing. But there is no more than that. They will soon find out that we are here, and they will send over for us; and, until they send over for us; do you think we will find enough and plenty to eat? Is there no dulse along the shore? Are there no eachans in the sand?" "One would think, to hear you talk, that you were the high Lord Provost of London, who eats all day long and half-way through the night, and only stops to sleep for an hour or two. Tell me this now; if echans and dulse will not do, if it is to be like the Lord Provost you are wishing, could not I shoot a sheep? Just think of that and do not talk any more about starvation." "But how will they know that we are here, Colin?" said the younger lad, looking far away over to the blue line, with one or two higher peaks which represented the mainland. "I will tell you a story Archie. It was a fishing-boat at St. Kilda, and she went away in the morning, with five men in her, and there was a head storm during the day, and the boat smashed on a small island—perhaps it was Eilean Mor, and perhaps it was Gealtaire Mor, that is no matter; but the five men saved themselves. "Very well, then; what did they do? They gathered bits of sticks, and dried heather, and the like, and they made them into five fires, and their wives and the people at St. Kilda saw the fires and they knew that all the men were saved. "Now does this story tell you anything, or does it not tell you nothing?" "We will light a fire to-night, Colin?" said the younger lad, eagerly. "We will not. What would be the use of that? They will not be looking out for us at all; for they will think that we have gone away up to the sheilling with bread for the girls. But to-morrow the girls will be sending down; and then they will ask where we are; then there will be a search every- where; and then in the evening we will have a large heap of wood together and dried, too; and they will see the fire well enough." "Will we have to stay on the island to- night, Colin?" said Archie, looking appre- hensively around for his mind was stocked with the mysterious legendary tales and fancies of these northern solitudes." "I do not say that, Archie," replied his companion grimly. "If you can swim to the mainland, there will be no need to pass the night on Farriskeir. But if you can, it is not I that can. It is a good swim from Farriskeir to the white sands of Uig." And then he looked out at one or two objects floating in the water which told him where the Frenchmen had sunk the boat. "Yes," said he, "and they have sunk our oatcake, too, and our bottle of water. I know where there are two springs, but the sheep tread over them and if we clean them out it will be a long time before they settle. So we will do that first, Archie. You will clean out the springs, and I will go to the wreckage that my father and the rest of them collected, and I will get two or three boards and put over the springs, so that the sheep not trample over them." The first spring they went to looked un- promising enough, it was more like a path of green mire in a hollow of one of the grass plateaus. But they sought out its source, and the younger lad set to work to remove the muddy herbage, while his companion went away for two or three planks. Indeed they had plenty of work cut out for themselves during the day. They had hunted for dulse. They each got a piece of iron from off the wreckage and dug in the soft sand for eachens. And then they gathered bracken for their bedding; whereupon rose the question as to where they should pass the night. "The driest place would be the cave," said Colin, "and you will see by the withered sea- weed on thes hore that it is many a day since the sea washed any sand into the cave. There is no danger of that at all. It is with the spring- tide and a heavy gale from the west that you might have water in the cave." "Colin," said the other, doubtfully, "I have heard about wild-cats being about the caves." "There is not a wild-cat on the island," said the other impatiently. "Do you think that wild-cats swim from the mainland? It is all very well for an otter to swim from the mainland, and if an otter comes into the cave, who will be the more frightened? It is not you or I, but the otter, that will get a fright if he comes in the night-time and finds us there asleep. And this is what I am thinking of now, Archie; will we not take some of the planks into the cave, and put them on the sand and put the bracken on them; and that will make a very good bed indeed. Oh, we will do very well. You know what they say: when you cannot get a deer of ten be satisfied with a deer of eight." He was a shifty lad; and when the two companions that night, having had their supper of eachans, with a good drink of clear spring water, went and lay down on a comfortable bed of bracken made up within the cave, they could not be considered to be very badly off. But what chiefly exercised Colin M'Cal- mont's mind (though he said nothing about it to Archie) was as to the way in which his father would receive the loss of the boat. Would he take into consideration his son's good intentions? Or would he jump to the conclusion that he had lost this valuable piece of property simply through an inexcusable outburst of boyish folly? It was a serious question; for old M'Calmont was a strict disciplinarian. In the meantime Colin had but little doubt about himself and his companion being able to get back to the mainland—when once they had a great bonfire lit on the highest point of Farriskeir. The gray dawn broke. "Colin," said the younger lad who had not slept much, "did you hear the strange sounds in the night?" "No, I heard no sounds at all," said his companion, drowsily. "There were cries and strange noises! I do not wish to have another night on the island." "It is your head that is full of nonsense; and you were hearing the sea-pyots and curlews. Now I am going to sleep again." "I cannot sleep any more," the younger lad said. [ink blot] [?hat] there is daylight I am going to [ink blot] [?g] for a drink of fresh water." Colin M'Calmont turned himself over on his bed of bracken; and the younger lad wandered out into the silence and solitude of the early morning. Very soon M'Calmont was asleep again. He was not an over imaginative person; he did not bother his head about dreams and potents; and, besides, they had been up very early the previous morning. The bed of bracken was soft enough, and there was no sound to break the silence save the drowsy murmur of the sea outside. He was fast asleep. But suddenly he found himself wakened again; and he became grimly aware that Archie Livingston had a tight grip of his arm and was kneeling beside him. He roused himself. He found that his companion was all trembling, and that he could, scarcely speak. "What is it, Archie?" he said. "I—I have seen one of them," the younger boy gasped, and still he clung to his com- panion's arm as if for safety. "Oh Colin it's a terrible sight! Quite plain—down by the rocks—it did not move." Colin sat up and rubbed his eyes. "What is this now?" said he, with a trifle of impatience. "It is no foolishness this time," the younger lad said almost entreatingly. "You will see for yourself, Colin, if you have courage to go. It is like a woman. It is one of the princesses. But she did not see me; or she would have changed into a swan and flown away. But it was a terrible, terrible sight; I will never forget it till the day I die." "I tell you, Archie," said the other angrily, "that if you let such nonsense come into your head it is mad you will be in time. Come and let me see your princesses and your wild swans! And if it is a wild swan, perhaps I will tickle him before he flies away." He got up and sought out the horse-pistol, which he had put in a dry place. "Come away, now, and let me see your wild swan that is like a princess." "Oh, no, I cannot! I cannot Colin!" said the younger lad, who was still trembling. "But I say you must, now. I will put the nonsense ont of your head. Do you wish to become mad and go through the villages like Alister, the piper's son, and, the children make a fool of you?" And then he took to the ironical method. "Do you know this now, Archie, that I never heard of a ghost yet that would stand to have a charge of buckshot put into it. It will be fine now to have a shot at a ghost. Come away, Archie; and if we meet any ghost or princess, or anybody of that kind it is I who will go forward and meet them and say, 'Good morning." For that is good manners to a stranger; and my father has the farming of Farriskeir; and if a stranger comes to Farriskeir, it is not I that would be so unfriendly as not to say 'Good morning.' " It was with the greatest reluctance that Archie Livingston consented to go out from the cave again with his companion; and, when at last he undertook to show M'Calmont where he had seen this strange thing, he advanced with stealthy step and bated breath. Of course, M'Calmont did not expect to see anything. It was to cure the imagination of the boy that he had insisted on going to the spot. And therefore he went on unheeding, chiefly watching the wild birds that were fly- ing about. At a certain eminence on one of the little plateaus, Archie Livingston gripped his arm, and he stopped to ask what this meant; but at the same moment he caught sight of some- thing down by the shore there, that despite all his determination, made his face turn perfectly white. He could not budge. He stood still; but he found himself incapable of speaking. There, sure enough down near the water's edge, and seated on a rock, was a figure. It could not be an optical illusion; for they were both regarding the same spot. And it was the figure of a woman, too—bent forward, her face resting on her hands and covered. And this woman was not dressed as any person in the Highlands dressed. He stood and stared; trying to get the better of this thumping of his heart and summoning to his aid all his declared disbelief in ghosts. Then the woman down there lifted her head —wearily, as it seemed to him; then she caught sight of the lads, and sprang to her feet with a slight cry and advanced to them —her hands stretched out before her, and she was saying something. Now when she made this sudden and quick advance, Colin M'Cal- mont, despite himself, retreated a couple of steps; but he kept his face towards her; and then he stood. (To be concluded next issue.) 