MY LADT*S PIiOT; OB, THH Ghost of Diayolo Castle. \- CHAPTEK XLVH. EoTiBed suddenly from the first half hour's sleep he bad been able to get during the night, Doctor Allingkam started from his pillows in a fever of confused alarm. The »-y' explained himnplf. 'The youaj colonel, sir! Shall I stop him?* lie cried, breathlessly. .uooxor JLUOgaim'8 counxenance aarraaeu. jo.o answered: ' Yon can let him go to perdition !' With that rough reply he lay down again, and the man composedly retired. Mrs. Allingham received the news -with even greater indifference. ? Thank Heaven I' she said, quietly. And so, without especial anxiety on fheix part, and with consuming anxiety on the part of Kina and her friends, the day were to evening, and the ; evening to midnight. At that ghostly hour a ghostly procession of three figures entered the little square stone chamber, and sieved e£Lently to one of the closed doors observed by Norman Devereux- the pre vious night. Noiselessly unlocking this door by the* came key which had just noiselessly unlocked and locked the other, the candle was extinguished, and in a thick darkness and dread silence the ghostly procession-filed into the low narrow pas sage. There was a brief pause, in which the door was relocked, and then tie grave-clad figures moved forward again. The first was Mr. Allingham, carefully guiding Nina's feet, and closely followed by Rudolph. The passage was a long one— many times the length of that leading to Mr. Allingham's superb apartments — and broken by successive flights of stone steps which led lower and. lower into the V&som; of the earth. It finally came to an end- in a solid wall of rock. As Mr. Allingham's outstretched hand touched the cold surface there was a sudden stop. For the first time his voice broke the dead, op' pressive silence. He addressed Dina, speaking in- the lowest whisper. ' See to your mask, and be prepared for the worst, my child,' he said, a little tremulously. ' We may, as I have already told you, find the chamber empty, or we may find two or more of Berthold's men within it. If they take to a terrified flight, all will be well. If they should chance to be reeking with wine and make a bold—' *I understand,' interposed Kina, in hushed tones. ' I am prepared ! ' As she spoke she pressed a little closer the white Bilk mask that completely covered her face, and drew a little tighter the ghastly linen folds that bound her jaws Mr. Ailing-ham answered in one word. ' Come/ he said. At that slow, hushed, almost stern command, Budolph pressed gently past Nina, and stationed himself at his master's side. Shoulder to shoulder they bora their united weight against the wall. It moved. Presently a faint streak of light showed through a narrow crevice. Presently a quick, smothered ejaculation broke from Mr. JLUingham and Rudolph. In a speechless terror Nina leaned forward and looked. The chamber was empty ! The revulsion of feeling was almost' too much for the girl. But Mr. Allingham's hand upon her arm, and his voice at her ear, quickly restored her. ' Thank Heaven!' he whispered, drawing her close to his side and hastily advancing. 'Thank Heaven !* As he breathed that fervent ejaculation the rude block swung slowly back to its place. They were fully launched upon their dangeroras enter prise. The chamber into which they had thus cau tiously penetrated was some 30 feet square, and well lighted by an immense iron lamp swinging from ttie ceiling. In the centre and directly under the lamp was spread a large piece of costly carpeting, on which stood a writing-table, a great leather-cushioned -chair, and a luxurious lounge. That this underground apartment was^he oc casional if not frequent resort of the master of the castle was sufficiently evident. That xt was likewise a place of business sometimes was no lesB evident. Large and small bales, intermingled with-count less baskets of choice foreign wines, and here and there a heavy iron safe, suggestive of more.' costly articles of traffic, were piled high on. every Bide. Workmen's tools, carelessly thrown down be side half -emptied boxes of rich goods, proved that the chamber had only recently been' vacated. But the three breathless intruders lost no time in 'observing these evidences of a nefarious; call ing. Rudolph ran ahead, and, springing upon the writing-table, reached up his arm in the act of lowering the light. He had barely touched the regulating screw when Mr. Allingham stopped him with a quick, whispered word. On the table lay two telegrams addressed to Doctor ATlingliMTi. They were the cause -of the father's sudden command. Without an instant's hesitation Mr. Ailing n*n seized and opened them. One of them was from London, and dated the day of Norman Devereux's visit to Lady Beau champ. t It was signed 'Dolores' and contained the following significant words : 'The waxen doll discovered by him/ Mr. Allingham read W, and hastily thrust it into Nina's hand. 'Keep it,' he said rapidly. ' The proof may be valuable to you.' Without examining' it, or even, surmising its contents, Nina thrust it into the pocket of the dross concealed by her ghastly grave clothes, and Mr. Allingham tore open the other. That proved to be from one of Doctor Alling ham's confederates. . . _ It was a. cautiously phrased notice- of the ship ping of certain commodities with the date at which they might be expected at the castle. Mr. Allinghain threw it back on the table with a gesture of horror.' * Bndolph I'-ie whispered, in ^^11^^ tones— 'Rudolph, goods are to be brought here this very night. It is just the hour. Out with the lamp ; and follow us like the -wind. Ifs worse than I thought.' ? ? . : ? Aji he spoke he cast his arm«about Nina's waist and dashed for the door. It was a low iron one, end1 as he anticipated, unlocked. He flung it back, bounded into the dimly lighted passage beyond, and, with Budolph doss upon hie heels, made foe another few paces dis tant. That also was unlocked. He tore it open. The next ingfamfc lie stood face to face with the -jgraateai *&anger; it was possible to encounter— not the expected danger of a squad of Doctor Allingham's men, but the -unexpected danger of Doctor Allingham and Doctor Allingham's Deau bfiol and queenly mother, :- i, GHAPTBS r^T-Vm naammrr jMarazus. It was an awful moment. A wax , taper in Doctor ATHtip-Tm.'m'g Tinm? weirdly illumined the scene. It showed the two panie- etrlcken figures «t-th« foot of the stairs . they had just deeoeadod, a mull circular cham ber, and a vingle 4«or,irith its ponderous key h^ngisgby an Iron chain olose to fae look. ; For one terrible moment, only the sickly light fell upon itfce gfcavfy **d terrified faces of those who had eo unwillingly met. Before ? breath oonld be drawn -or a. pulse counted, Hr. AJlin»*amV*reed saad*rai laisea, the long, pate *£?* poteM^ and l&e; dread familiar «OM««pel»n. : V :/,.-.-, Wi& i:^l* ^fiwfc'; iwBid- *f 4hat terrifying ?rouse A scene of pandemonium horror instantly fol lowed. ' The sudden darkness, with ' the noise of tie falling candlestick, avowed Mrs. AUinghasn from the trance of fear in wbiok she had been held. A scream, long, shrill and frightful in its terri fied anguish, bant its way across her lips, and mingled with the unearthly tones of Mrl Alllng ham's voice. And Mftlj fallowing that came other scream* — saM&ms; of fiendish laughter, screams of wailing woe, screams that died into whispering, warning waris and sighs, screams that echoed, and xamg, ami throbbed in every direction. Even Nina was appalled. And Doctor Alling ham's voice suddenly burst out in a shrill, fren zied cry. * Great heavens !' he panted, fI thought we were safe hese P A deafening peal of mingled laughter, groans and shouts followed the words, and, amid the frightfnl reverberations sounded the rush of staggering, falling feet, upon the stairs, and the cautious turn of the ponderous key in the lock of the further door. As Doctor and Mrs. Allingham locked them selves in the safe retseat ef the passage above, the door was swung «pen, the ponderous key re moved from its chambers and the iron chain from its hook. In a moment more the three ghostly figures had passed safely into the apartment beyond. This apartment proved to . be of great extent, and its use was sufficiently proclaimed by two or three empty waggons, and the broad roadway leading to the door through, which they had just passed. * It was uncertainly lighted by a huge lantern standing in the middle of the roadway where the latter ended in a blank wall. That lantern struck a «T»i» to the heszis of each member ef the little party. It declared as plainly as any words could have declared that some one was about. For a little-there was a dead, breathless pause, in which every eye strove to pierce the impene trable darkness of-the remote corners. All at once Mr. AHiBgh∋ lifted, his long white finger and pointed to an. object some 20 feet dis tant. It was a man ! With a swift, imperative gesture commanding silence, Mr. Allingham placed himself before Nina, and, with Budolph pressing close behind, slowly advanced. To each it was a frightful ordeaL At any moment, as xnavtcr and servant only too well knew, a pistol shot might test the supernatural ness of the ghastly precession. But all at once Mr. Allingham naif stopped and turned, with a swift, significant gesture to his companions. He breathed one significant word. 'Asleep!' he said. It was true. On nearer approach the crouching figure, dimly seen in tke black shadow of one of the waggons, was found to be curled on some loose straw, and wrapped in a deep slumber. With lightened hearts they moved on. TheVe was but one fear now — the fear that Norman Devereux had encountered without that very danger they had so dreaded for themselves within. That anxious question would now soon be answered. But each moment weighed heavier and heavier on their minds. The blank wall at the end of the roadway reached, Budolph again stepped to his master's side, Nina keeping breathless watch upon the sleeping man. Mr. Allingham's anxiety could not be restrained. ' Heaven grant,' he whispered to Budolph, ' that all has gone well !' As he spoke, the little block of stone which gave egress to pedestrians was noiselessly removed from its place in the fioer. Nina was quickly lifted down, and in another moment the three stood unharmed under the blue, broad arch of heaven. But there was no lime for congratulations. Be fore they could open their lips their startled ears were caught by a sudden rustling among the bushes. In a silent, motionless alarm they waited. The next instant a figure rose up almost at their very feet. * It is I,* whispered a voice. It was the voice of Norman Devereux. Nina stood in mute joy. Mr. Allingham asked a quick, frightened question. ' Why are you here ?' he inquired. * j dared not signal. A van — ' * It is approaching-?' interposed J£r» Aili-nglip.Tn and Eudolph, in a breath. * It was. It now lies overturned in the ravine below.' ' And the men ?' ' They were all crowded inside, and went over with it.' Mr. Allingham raised his eyes reverently to the moonlit sky. ' Thank Heaven,' he whispered. Then quickly moving forward, he said, rapidly — 'We've not a minute to lose ! The castle may be aroused directly for assistance. On ! on ! Waste not a second !' Norman Devereux seized Nina's hand, and with fleet, light foot led the way to the carriage. The distance was short, and in a minute's time they were beside it. The next, Nina was caught in Lucy's arms, a drill sound of Mrs. Jefferies's sobbing voice whispering in her ear, and a dull sense of Doctor Jefferies's kindly hands patting her head. Norman Devereux sprang to fee driver's seat and snatched the reins from. Ms trusty -valet. The muffled wheels and hoofs . rolled noiselessly for ward. In her exuberant delight Xucy forgot her .cau tion. * Now !* she cried — ' now for my lady !' While the carriage rolled safely and swiftly on its way, Mr. Allingham and Budolph hurriedly returned to the castle. The man still slept in the shadow of the waggon, andjDoctor Aili-ngnam and his mother etui cowered in the upper chamber to which they had, fled. So, without adventure of any kind, number and servant stele back to the apartments they had left in such deep and foreboding anxietr. There Mr. Allingham echoed Lucy's exultant words. ' Now !' he cried — f now for ' my lady ! ' She rests secure, but the bolt is already launched] How will it strike her P* 0HAPTJ2B XUX. * A EIQHTSOHB PATH. The late dinner 'had been .served, and Lady Beauchamp. sat in the full blaze of hex magnifi- cent drawjng-xoom— flie .very drawing-room in which Norman Deverenx had so dramatically promised to meet her again. / ?ISatchless in beauty, 'brlHant in spirits, and thoughtless of danger, she sat there, her head resting against the dating Six Boberf s shoulder, and herlangbing eyes a&MJagly; watching the gaiibels of her charming child. It was a gala Say;— the birthday of the little Isa— and red resesbnrned in the tawny masses ef my lady's *»-Tlj ***& flamed . among the sombre plaits of crape abeut her throat. A31 at *nee 'Isa«ea«ed her frolics and darted behind her mother's chair. ' *Wiiatiio'w,iina1ieapT* cried my lady. A. sweet, trUlins peal ef chilrtinh laughter an swered the questaea. Then there was a, little pause, in whiea my lady pretended to look and.! didnet. Then the child bounced merrily into' light, ker hands behind her back, and her laugh iny 'eyes upon her- jae&hiPTVjiace.; . . : . : I'What nowf* aeaia repeated:. Lady Beao cbAmp,withp»ettyleijaed£atereat. ; \- Shut oe eyiM and «»«n oo mouf/ crowed Isa, My lady Janrhinckly obeyed, turning- lie* of nerohjS^S ^? :r. ' ; ? -'- - x -i- -- - : '' '??? ?? ; The -^d *6ok tw- WBJthf .peUets from her chubby little hanils^jeaia o-opped them between-, tay lady*«partea li^ j then, throwing back 3mr head ^eefolly^Bn); two intoher own mouth. My lady ewi^T^ thjem, lif^ dainQyemaokefL herllpS/ . .i~ ,* ? ? . . ' ;*? 'I^Sciousi'-ehe cried. f Honey-dew 1 wm hcOSja-rr!;,.- ,--? ??. - ,.??',.':. ??A..--:. ?...-.:. \^,. .- ? 'Aid none for me, my yet? ' interpoieebfiir eyes to the baronefB,'Two for oo, papa, and two for, mamma.' Having reached that unselfish decision, she proceeded to pick cut two. Lady Beauchamp laughed, and looked down at the preljfcy pink palm. As she did so the smile on her lips froze to a vacant grin. Her cheeks, whitened to the hne ef death, her eyes started wildly from their sockets. Par an instant she eat incapable of a werd or movement. The next, with a shriek that rang: appallingly from Tmll to hall and chamber to chamber, she sprang to her feet. ' Inez,' gasped Sir Robert, starting np and seiz ing her arm. ' IneB, ntydarumg,areyoaill ?' Lady Beanchamp nng off his hand in a fierce, passienate a&guish.; Then, with a second and even wilder cry, dropped -upon .her knees and caught ihe terrified child to her breast. Far and near that -awful cry rang upon the stately silence of the house. Dolores tore in a white terror from the rooms above. The porter, in the act of answering the bell, rushed from the half-open door back to the ha.1I. Butler, housekeeper; housemaids, and foet-. men tumbled indiscriminately oveJseach. other in the effort to reach the same spot. It was a scene of awful, dire confusion; but neither Sir Bobert nor Lady Beanchamp noticed it Still upon her knees, etfll with the child fran tically pressed to her breast, my lady twas pour ing out her wild, pathetic cries. * Oh, my darling ! my love ! my treasure ! my idol 1' she screamed. 'Why, why did you not spare yourself ? Oh, my precious angel, you have killed us both ! you have killed us both !' — . ' A white-faced woman thrust aside the gaping crowd in the doorways, and rushed to Lady Beau champ's side. It was Dolores. * Killed you !* she gasped, bending- her sallow face close above my lady's. * What do you mean, Inez?' J Even in that moment of supreme, breathless excitement the maid's- familiar address was noticed. The servants nudged each other. Sir Eobert looked across my lady's beautiful, tawny head in haughty rebuke. With that withering look he again, and for the twentieth time, called npos. Lady Beauchamp to answer him. ' My dearest,' fie cried, gently trying to force her to her feet, 'my dearest, what do you mean ? In Heaven's name tell me ! Why do you talk so wildly p What has Isa done, my poor, frightened child?' My lady never glanced at Ha, never heard a word ne spoke. It was Dolores's voice and Do lores's yellow-white face that had. won her atten tion. * A righteous retribution !' she shrieked, glaring wildly at the woman. * Oh, Dolly, her innocent hand has done it! In five minutes we shall both be dead at your feet ! All in vain ! All in vain the fate I wrought for that hapless girl 1 Yes S yes ! a righteous, avenging retri bution ! The hand of Heaven !' Then momen tarily forgetful of the child in her supreme terror, she raised her clasped hands in a frenzied appeal to the Almighty. * Oh, I cannot die ! I cannot ! I cannot ! Heaven, sweet Heaven ! cpare me ! spare me ! she cried. Half maddened by the horror of the scene, Do lores seized her passionately by the shoulders. 'Answer me!' she screamed. 'Answer me this instant! What has happened, Inez'?' A strange, livid circle was denning itself about my lady's mouth, and a strange glassy dulness creeping over her brilliant eyes. She looked up with a sudden composure. But before she could answer Sir Bobert had struck the woman's rough hands from the beau tiful, slight shoulders. 'How dare you 6o presume?' lie snnddered. 'Back with you! ont of the room! out of the house this instant !' There Lady Beauchamp stopped him, looking up with her dull glazing eyes. ' Don't !' she cried quietly. ' She is my sister ! She has the right.' Sir Bobert staggered back as he might have staggered back under a blow. That woman his sister-in-law! .All his anguish was merged in that one intolerable thought. My lady turned ner eyes npon Dolores again. The woman gazed at her in^fa mnte, anguished entreaty. My lady answered the gaze, speaking in the same thrillingly quiet tones in which she had addressed Sir Bobert. * The pellets !' she said. 'The fate I prepared for another has been made my own and my child's.' Lady Beauchamp's shrieks had been as a sigh ing breath compared with that which now 'burst across Dolores's livid lips. She sank upon her knees beside the doomed woman in a frantic errief pitiable to behold. My lady caught the long, lean hands, wringing themselves tog-ether, and quietly pointed to Isa. Beleased from her mother's frantic clasp, the little thing, already half stupefied by the fatal pellets, had slipped to tne floor. ' Take her up, Dolly !' said my lady. 'She will soon be gone.' With a sharp, anguished cry Dolores obeyed. With a slow, failing movement, my lady tottered to her feet. . She turned to Sir Bobert. He had never stirred eince those dreadful words ' She is my sister,' had fallen from her lips. He did not ctir now. Those four words had dropped my lady's mask. He knew his beautiful and bewitching wife as a liar. ' Let me confess/ said my lady, in the strangely quiet tones in which ehe had last spoken. Before she could say more Dolores's shrill voice broke in upon her. ' Oh, Inez ! Inez ! she is dying !' shrieked the woman. Lady Beauchamp turned her head and looked at the child in a shuddering fear and horror. In an instant she was ablaze with, excitement again. ' Dying ! dying.!' she echoed, in loud, terrified accents. ' And I must die, too 2 I must stand be fore the Maker I have defied. I must meet the girl I have destroyed. .Oh,. save me! save me! Do not let me die ! Do not I do not ! Life is sweet 1 I am young ! I am — ' In the frantic fervour of her appeal she had seized Sir Beberfs arm. But here she suddenly paused and wildly flung her hands above her Lead. ' Oh !' she frensdedly burst out again, 'and life was sweet to her 1 And she was young] And she was fair! And yet — and yet I sent her to her' death!' .' . . In a growing horror of ner wild, mysterious words, Sir Bobert stood gazing at her as white and rigid .as a form of marble. . : ? : Her next frantic words explained- alL ' * Oh, 'Nina ! Nina Beanchamp !' abe screamed, 'will yon forgive my black deeds in. the world to which I am going?* ? As she uttered that cry Sir Bobert moved for ward a step. ' Woman . t woman I* he groaned, slowly, witk stiff ashy lips. He got no f urjbher. All at once there was a sudden stir behind the crowd at the door. All at once there was a shrill scream, and the terrified1 cry: . . - .... ? ' Her ghost ! her ghost ! Great heavens i her ghost I' . . ' That cry was followed by a wild break in the ranks of housemaids and footmen. As they scattered pell-mell to toe right and left, Nina's slight form, elegantly robed in a travelling suit of pals, grey silk, appeared like a Heavenly vision in the doorway. ' ' \ Close behind Nina followed her husband, Nor man Devereux, and dose behind iim tioe Jeffries, Lucy bringing up the rear. . ' '-,'?? But the eyes of the three occupants of tha drrwing-room saw but once face, .but onefdtmT the face and form of Nina Deversux. . . Dolores «tarted wildly from the sofa on which she had just laid flisdead child, but Sir Bobert and CadySeaucbamp stood naif; an one moment,, turned to stone. ,'? '. - ?.:.:;\ .'V-''' ? . '\:i?\ , Nina's sweet, thrilling voice broke the sSeajbe. Advancing swiftly to Lady Beauchamp, eh© held out lier-daSioate^nngloved hand. * ?? *'?;_ t;3K« in peace, ??voy. la^ 1' Bhe;-iTied, brokenly » the sin of my death rests not 'upon your soul! I forgive you J -;. ^^:B^«^'fm^ye'yqn)iBlBo')J'-/, '?$ ' Lady Beauchajnplirtened J» the .laefc&iiterin;|f word, and Jjtiffnjr nU«nTilrinp- from 43ia luand *i»i£ It nad been a serpent, she eank gasping into a Tliat broke the soeUthi^naa held Sir Bobert.' With a loud, sobbing cry of passionate joy and fondness, he snatched: his daughter to ^B heart. For a little they stood locked in that wordless embrace, ray ladVs dying eyes rivetted npon them In. a ^ypi svqkut 'Hare. Nina prasen^Ttiwigaged herself. ' We aneMUsk of her, papa,' she whispered tearfnllT, bneMoly, * Her raca is nearly run I* As ehe tamed t» the miserable- woman Norman Devereux ami the Jeffries seized Sir Boberf s hand ?n -a. ffflanf^ TnfrmPTltary fiasp Every eye was now turned upon my lady. x Do lores bent over her, wiping the death damp from the beautiful brow in an agony of speechless, hopeless grief. Sir Bobert, stunned and confused, stood look ing on, incapable of any act but that sad, fixed gaze. Nina alone was ready with the consolations suitable to the hour. My lady listened. Suddenly her eyes bright ened. Suddenly her voice strangely and ahril lingly strong and clear, broke the silence: ' Bepent !' she cried. ' I don't repent because I desire to be purified. I repent because'I am afraid ! afraid ! afraid ! what is the repentance of a death-bed fear ? Ah ! repent while you are well 1 Bepent while you can choose the good ! I do not choose I I am afraid ! afra — * With thai broken, shuddering cry the stained soul fled. My lady's plot had reached, its fated end ! Little remains to be told. Noiman Devereux and Nina had been married in the presence of the Jeffries and Lucy, immedi ately after the flight from Diavolo Castle, thus placing an effectual obstacle in the path of Lady Beauchaiap's ambition. Sir Bobert's pride and love had received a se vere shook ; but under the tender administra tions of Colonel and Mrs. Devereux, he recovered his cneerfulnesa, and, in due time, peacefully yielded his spirit to Him who gave it. Lucy lived to a hale old age, the highly valued servant of Mrs. Devereux. To the end of her life she never wearied of narrating the. story of the return to Portland Place, and their partial admittance, and unnoticed entrance, at the very ?moment of Lady Beauchamp's awful and tragic discovery. Mr. Allingham's secret was inviolably kept by those to whom it was intrusted, and, for his sake, the unworthy wife and son were permitted to pursue their eviL eventful career to the end. But of that career, and its deplorable close, it must be left) to future pages to telL In due time they' learned of Nina's marriage, but the profound mystery of her escape was never made clear. Dolores went back to Spain, penitent and broken-hearted, and my lady lies where her wickedness sent her 2 THE END. 