Prayer. BY BET. JOSEPH PAHKEB, D.D. Almighty God, Thou knowest what is best for us, and •we want nothing that Thou Thyself wilt not supply. We come to Thee for everything. No good thing wilt Thou withhold from them that walk uprightly. By Thy Holy Spirit alone can we who have found out many inventions return to the uprightness of our creation. But Thy Spirit is freely and largely promised; He is not given to us in small measure, but in double portions; yea, Thou hast said Thou wilt open the windows of heaven, and pour out a blessing, until there shall not be room to contain it. Where sin abounds, grace shall much more abound. The blackness of our guilt shall be driven away by the light of the grace of Christ. There is no guilt which Thy grace cannot conquer; there is no darkness which Thou canst not dissolve and dispel, and in its place set the infinite glory of Thy presence. This is our joy in Christ; we are no more afraid ; even we who have lived long in bondage are now in Christ Jesus the risen One, singing songs of liberty. The bitterness of death is past. The victory has been plucked from the grave, so that there is no more boasting in its cold, dumb mouth. We are now on the immortal side where there is no winter, 110 pain, no death; we walk in green pastures, and by still waters, and at noon we lie down in the shadow, comforted by the Shepherd's care. We are, in our highest and purest moods, even now in heaven. This is heaven to love Thee as Thou art revealed in Thy Son; no higher heaven is possible to our imagination. We are at rest in Christ; we are at peace with God; we inherit the whole estate of the promises, and there is nothing held back from us that can make our souls strong. We do indeed in our sinfulness fall back from these heights ; the animal triumphs over the angel for a moment; the man is sunk in the beast, than which there is no deeper fall; but thou dost recover us with daily redemption, and at night, enfolded within the amis of Thine almigbtiness, we feel and know that the darkness cannot put out the stars, that the cloud is not near the sun, and that Thy love towards us abideth for ever. Help us to read Thy Word wisely; not for our gratification only, but for our instruction, and even for our reproof. May we come to Thy Word with unbiassed mind; may our one question be, What saith the testimony ? Enlightened by Thy Holy Spirit, softened and ennobled in every thought and affection by Thy grace, may we hear the Word, and know it, and answer it in an obedient life. May nothing stand between our conviction and our obedience. Though it be a cross, may we carry it boldly and hopefully in strength divine; yea, though we have to pass through hell itself in all its agony and shame, may we not fear the fire because of the One who is with us like unto the Son of Man! Enable us also to read the larger book of Thy providence, the leaves of which Thou dost turn everyday in our very sight and hearing. If we read the daily event, the continual occurrence, may we have understanding oftentimes, and know what the Christian Church ought to do. Lift up the level of our thinking; inspire and attune all our feeling; destroy the altar of self-idolatry, and bring us without vanity, or self-trust, or false hope, to renew by the mighty energy of the Holy Ghost our noblest vow8 at the altar of the Cross. Feed us with bread sent down from heaven ; find water for us in the wilderness, and honey in the barest rocks ; in our dreams may we see ladders connecting the worlds, and making the universe one temple of God. Heal our sicknesses, and through them may we pass to youth, and life, and immortality. Let the life-day— now declining, now rising, now in old age, now in childhood—be a day full of the presence of the Lord's light; then, whether it be morning, or mid-day, or eventide, the heart shall know that in Christ its strength is assured, and its. peace can never be destroyed. Amen. 