. b^svxtxes. | The Mi^mbon, Mesgrs. Howard Smith snd Sons new ftteamer^ is on tie ooaet. ' : ;' ^t iir.e Central to^flay fiicre was a fnH sheet, but imfectisea w'ctbs-i no pnblic impurtance. ' I--u:g9fit«BafcOoV)arand.Dab1bo. Estimated loss at; ?i Ctmer j&l;^OOO, And at latter about .£4000. , , ? Whilst nlaTins- near a sandhill at Ultimo reaterdMF :& boy named John Oollopy was run over by a^afcexnt {cart and. seriously hurt. ?A lad named WBliam Fraaer feU-abwn the com .panipn ladder of the steamer Jqldt Elder yesterday {evening and broke his leg, aeQa&sitating; £is removal to, ^ie hospital. . r : The old George-street market is an eyesore to tb,o cifcisone, and ulau^binff-stock to all visitors td' the -city. AVhen will iSds ramshackle old structure be :poUed down? -: | The bakers must be doicga great trade just now, ?with tho present high imce of bread and lie cheap I ness Of fiour. They are never in a hurry to -lower their prices for ifae staff of life. ; An aooident. happened yesterday at Chippendale, l»r«fcreby a bookbinder named Man, who resides at Ashfield, was knocked down and run over by a buggy HMiTen rapidly through the street. '. The vico of indecent exposure is by no means on £he decrease. A dirty f elloir, named fiobert Jones, a labourer, 35 years of age, thus behaved in Behnore 8?&rk; yesterday. This morning, Mr. Crane fined hini !— 5, or in default, sent him to gaol for frap months. . ;?? The lawr yith regard to committals Is perfectly absurd. Under the present state of the law any per. eon £i£aling an article value 3d con go for trial if he ' chooses to do so ; while persona stealing a shilling or two have to be committed whether they will or no. ; At Lavender Bay yesterday the dead body of a man, .Subsequently identified as -Richard Moulder, a brick layer, who resided in Bonndary-street, Waterloo, ?was found. He was married, and leaves a wife and two children. Inquest held this morning. \- According to the statement of a resident at Bur- | wood tlio ghost of a gentleman, missing' since Sep tember iast^ was met by hi™ the other evening, and addressed in quite an affable, not to say jocular way. \- A stop is likely to be put, at least for a time, to .Some of the city forgeries going on during the past few weeks, Two men have been arrested, and re imanded until Thursday, for being concerned in at/ least three forgeries, so far as is known, the amounts, .feeing .£97, .£93, and .£84 respectively. Notwithstanding the numerous accidents which are ?constantly occurring in Sydney through this cause, the hatches of vessels are constantly being left open after -^ark. The new P. and O. boat Ballarat, where the quartermaster has- fractured his skull, is the latest instance of this. The man Most, who was recently discharged from a London prison, where he was confined for publishing a- treasonable patter, the 'Fr-eiheit,' has. fipug-ht fresh fields and pastures new. He announces thathe intends to continue the publication of the '? Fteiheit' in Zurich. Mr. Dillon was occupied during the whole of the morninsr bearing- cases of abusive language on the Eummous side of the Central Police Court. : Tgwards the conclusion of Mr. Copeland'' .speech l^i?t niglit & trolicsome elector flunp' ^ -j* ^. j.ho .Minister. It smashed agains* thivW^U between that .gentleuian and the chairra^^^ XJ^bes, bespatfcet Mg their clothes, and Causing a^mpode from the ibaleony. ^. ^According to, Iho present Minister for 'Public Works thor.o is 'a brummagem coUection of works of art, a-j expensive lot of useless things, lumbering up tho«juMic offices,' presumedly gathered together by jba late Colonial Secretary, which Mr. Copeland &ays; may shortly be sent to an auctioneer for dis 'posal. What aro these works of art that are thus about to be got rid of as rubbish ? The fruiterowers are oomplaining much of the in adequate accommodation afEorded them to carry on their business ia the George- street Markets, and thoyhe^d a meeting yesterOay afternoon to discuss the niatter. No determination was arrived at, and it was resolved to hold another meeting shortly. ( Mr. Oopeland waxed almost poetic last night in his glowing description to the Newtown electors of the glorious works of Nature which might be seen and admired when working men with their families sought recreation in the country by using the Sunday trains. , A 'big burley fellow, with the voice of a kitten, ap peared this morning at the Central Police Court, to : prosecute a woman named Caroline Appleton, whom ie charged with robbing him of a purse containing '.tho sum of .£17. Prosecutor was a miner who had jione home with the woman. The evidence was moat inconclusive and the case was dismissed, i 'l'he usual weekly meeting of the Finance Commit :'4ee of the City Council will be held at the usual time on Thursday. Among the business to be brought iforward will, it is said, be that of the new ceilings, iand the Town Clock. With regard to the latter, it ias become a standing: reproach. Two young fellows of respeotable appearance bad a difference in a tram-car yesterday, and wanted there and then to settle matters by the ordeal of battle, butthe conductor raising objections, suggested their retiring to a more convenient spot, and, to the comfort of the other passengers, they agreed to take 'Ms Advice. ul'he overcrowding of the trams is a matter that jfchould engage the attention of tho new Minister for : 'Works. Every afternoon the Waverley_ tram especi ally, being disgracefully overcrowded, is delayed by the inability of the motor to take it up the Lyons terrace incline, where occasionally the line is com pletely blocked for some time. ? In Belmore Park, yesterday, a man named1 William jSkoa nearly lost his life through an accident. He was on a ladder fixing a wire to a telegraph post -wheu the ladder fell and he was precipitated nearly 30 feet to the ground. Several ribs were, broken, and he sustained other severe' injuries of a danger ous nature. According to Mr. Wright, who says he knows every ; postal and telegraphic line, with a knowledge which nothing can surpass — and this comes of being a car irier— - when tho House meets the Ministry will simply 'ask it to pass supply, and then request a short recess .to give them time to prepare their Land Bill and bother measures. \- A grown-up larrikin, named Bruce, who, a short {-time ngo, was fined for what the constable called ;' righteous ' behaviour — although he pleaded he .?wae only sinering eome Salvation Army songs — waa iagain brought up at the Central, charged with mmi!^ {behaviour. Inspector Anderson Bald he was the :-worst character he bad ever met ; and he was Bent ?to gaol for 7 days without the option. A lady named. Anthony, while at the auction sale ?in Moore's Bazaar yesterday, felt a man's hand in .'her tpocket. and on looking out found her purse in 'the same, half -in and half out of her dress. She [promptly gave the thief into custody, and he was iwas brought up at the Central to-day, and evidence jhaving been given, was remanded until to-morrow in 'order that evidence of character might be given. Minnie Williams, a woman oi 28, with coarse, 'bloated,- and blackened features, was chanted before Mr. Crane, at the Central to-day with having lrtwuflj icient lawful means of support. When she paid her ! first visit to the Court for drunkenness some 10 years -ago, she was a handsome, flashing young woman; ;now, she is a mere wreck of her former 'beauty. She jWasaent up for a month to try and recuperate. Henrietta Woollaby,anlnterestinggirl,wBflbrought tup before Mr. Crane to-day, charged with consorting ?with women of ill-fame, she being under the age of 16. (She promised reformation in the future, sad was sent inome with ;her mother with a caution. She had no .eooner been discharged, than, several fast young {women came to inquire after her, and it is feared, that (unless she is well looked after she will go back to her' -evil associates. '. Tattersall's Consultation on Anniversary Handioap- J2000 subscribers at .£1 each. First horse, .£1000. Now open, and will close on an early date.' Address, tTattersall, care of Q. Adams, TattersaE'e Hotel; (Sydney. — Appg. ? 