PICNICING IN ST1UNGE PLACES. (CONCLUDED.) . Breakfast over, amulet a lair amount of dawling and pleasant talk. Wo formed a party, and, with a guide, explored the dry (?) cave, which consisted ot many large vaults, some opening'out of each other, some connected by narrow rugged dark passages—onco or twice a crevice, above let us see n gleam of daylight. In almost every piaco we either had to cross our friend the stream, or heard its rushing waters in some un seen direction. This took us about an hour, when we wero advised to ' retire to our tents and put on the vnrious old things we had brought with us in preparation for our excursion to the caves, par excellence, and indeed a queer-looking party is was, that some hnlf-nn-hour later started, candles in hand, on what we wero warned would be a wet expedition. Every device of old hat, borrowed boots, dresses composed often of portions of two or three, was the rule with the ladies, whilst the dilapidated condition of the gentlemen provoked much laughter, and witticisms at each other’s expense wero rapidly interchanged. On then for some 800 yards through the bush, when we rbaehed a stream running rapidly between two very high rugged banks, covered with tree ferns, myrtle, ti-trec, and other foliago bending down to the water, the huge rocks covered with many varieties of ferns and wild flower ing plants. With the aid of sticks and a little help we gradually scrambled down to the bed of the stream, crossed it by means of rooky stopping-stones, and found ourselves at the mouth of a yawning cave, which, for blackness and size, might have been the mouth of tho infernal regions themselves. We shivered at the very look of it, but being told to take our last look at the bright sunny day, wo bravely turned in following our guido, who merely stopped to light his candle, passing it along the line till a winding string of flicker ing lights described the path of our party. Soon even tho flicker of daylight in tlio back ward distance was lost sight of. Then came the first plunge into the cold pitch-dark water (as many exclamations and groans testified, a terrible ordeal) and our long uncomfortable walk had really commenced. Through wind ing narrow passages and galleries, opening often into huge rooms of many shapes and sizes, we came at length to what seemed the end. A steep-looking rock faced us, but to our surprise, up went tho guide in a most off hand manner,' and peering more closely through tho darkness, we discovered one more of those yawning mouths which seemed to greet us at nlmost every turn. With some help from our men folk—one above reaching down and one below literally hoisting us up, we managed at last to find ourselves in a second series of caves. Wo had to wade fer some time up the bed of the stream, till a larger opening brought us to the shores of what appeared a small truly Inland lake. Our guide plunged in, and nothing remained but to follow him closely, ns some parts were said to be dangerously deep. In, in, past our waists in the most (loathly cold ■water. Many wore the screams from the girls and acclamations from tho sterner portion, but ns Kingsley says, “ good times and bad times soon come to an end.” And our shiver ing party onco more stood on tho rocks, shaking themselves with groans and sighs like so many rats. Oh ! the bedraggled, woo begone appearance wo all made, increased by tho sand we now.'met clinging fast to every available inch. We had not, however, nny time to bewail ourselves, for we were hurried on, some of the party being nlrcady far in advance, to the stalactite cave, dome shaped and covered with those beautiful for mations of all sizes. By. using the sticks which some of our party provided, we suc ceeded in knocking off: many, but the most beautiful always fell into the waters beneath, and here forever lost to us. I must soy the ruthless destruction of various pleasure par ties had gone far to destroy tho beauty of this grand, old cave. In one passage we all put out our lights to find roof and walls covered with glow-worms, like littlo diamond stars glistening in scattered profusion, and re lieving . somewhat that “ darkness that could be felt,” bringing forcibly to mind the old scriptural phrase of "outer darkness." A strange weird feeling truly it was—our last experience of cold water being deep chough, we voted for home, and turning anothor way, arrived once againat.what appeared a blank wall, but this time our guide went down on all fours, we of course had to follow in the same wny, actually on our hands, dragging onr bodies after us. We soon returned to our old route, walking quickly, till a glimmer in the distance showed us tho welcome daylight, and, alas 1 the very different aspect of the party who had entered some' two hours previously. A sharp walk soon brought us to the tents where those who had not joined our party had hot coffee’ ready, for ■ us—wel come enough it was too. That, the quick dressing, and a sharp walk ordered at once by our chnporone, nnd the doctors prevented any of ns taking cold as might otherwise have been the case after otlr iey bath. Those oaves, however tamely I have described them, are indeed worth visiting—the feeling of awe, being in the heart of the earth, the huge rooks, vast rooms, nnnttorablo darkness, the fairy, or rather gnome-like splendonr of tho stalactite dome arc among the unforgotten things of a lifetime. I' ranst describe ono more charming spot which wo visited after dinner that day. As nsnal we divided forces, some of tho gentle men went Ashing np the stream. I may re marked pttsiml, a tiny specimen of the tinny tribe, measuring about half nn inoh, was handed in trinmph to me, ns the proceeds of several hours devotion to Isaak Walton's art. " They say" fish of several kinds are to be fonnd in those waters, but my knowledge on this point is confined to hearsay. Two or three others, students of the Nationnl Gallery, disappeared on sketching expeditions, which, may he, will (nrnish one day to your renders, descriptions more graphio than any word painting could be. Most of the others wnn dered in twos and throos round the base of the hill whose acquaintance we had mndo so early ,in the day. On we walked over several rises, revelling onee anil again in delicious glimpses of cool fern gnllics, till we reached the object of our walk, a natural bridgo of stone, finely arohed, spanning tho deepest part of one of the gullies. We looked down some eighty feet, and of course nothing would satisfy tho most adventurous spirits but slipping, sliding, jumping, or shyly wait ing for the favored helping hand of the day to reach the bottom. Once down, it was deli cious,; the waving graceful ferns, the fairy-liko undergrowth of more delicate ones, tho tiny stream rippling over the bonlders and falling in mimic cascades over a broken tree, filled us all with a sensation of happy delight not easily described, presently broken by tho fragment of a merry catch taken up nnd sung in many tones, till tho warning cry of approaching tea hour from Madame Prud ence, otherwise known as Mrs. Spoonington, who, anxious to sustain her new dignity, re mained on the bridgo, gazing with q benign matronly eye at those foolish young' tilings below. So after marching orders nothing re mained bnt the difficulty of scrambling up, accomplished at last amidst much laughter and loss ef breath, nnd thns relnctantly we tamed tentwards once more, bnt the lingering of tho various couples mentioned bofore thooccasloned a small adventure, kept quiet at time and only divnlgcd to a favoured few. We had arrived at the uppor end of our wild gully, which, indeed, became wild and rnggod in tho extreme, bnt a mania for ferns lmd by this time set in. So down we wero again over rooks nnd fallen trees, and having gained onr spoils found most of the party had, as tho Americans say, "made tracks,” we hurried on. Bnt seeing two of our friends who had been apparently oblivions, of time, way, and all else, had not yet turned up, wo waited witli some considerable patience for almost an hour. A prolonged coooyi in a very wrong direution, showed our truant pair had really lost their way,.and glad enough, they were to reach ns, for they had wandered in a circle all the time, and most humbly bogged us not to speak of their littlo adventure on account of the ‘ chaff.’ Tea fairly over, I thought to enjoy a quiet, solitary hour in our dry cave listening in the gathering twilight, to the roar of the waters, and watching the dusky figures playing games on the green outside, but scarcely hod I perched myself in a dim corner than the lost pair appoared, nnd sitting down evidently began meditnting entirely to tlielr own content. They wero soon followed by a second and third pair, none of whom on entering perceived the others, nnd finally the engaged pair, who wo afterwards learnt had been studying botany, and had been invisible to all since dinner. At length a bell rang calling tho scattered members in. Bugs wero spread beneath the trees, wraps brought out, and tho soToral groups proceeded to Bing each other down,in tho moBt edifying fashion. Songs, choruses, catches, dnets, trios, hymns, followed one another in rapid succession till nearly 10 o’clock, when tho supper boll announced the usual cake nnd sandwiches. All gathered ronnd the camp fires, when ghost stories of tile most alarming nnture and comic songs of every description wero ngain the order of the day, or rather night, in spite of the many reminders from onr kind chaperone of the lateness of the hour. However, at last the “good-nights” had been spoken quickly, lightly, tenderly, reluctantly, according to the fancies of the company, and wo all turned in to a good night’s rest after the excitements and fatigues of one of tho most pleasing Tho next morning a warm discussion ensued betwcon the party who wanted to get homo and the party who wanted to get up tho mountains. The former eventually carried the day. In a.short time all was bustle and business. Wo mado a fair start pic-niced at the “ Needles” up which we had timo to elimb, and arrived at our journey’s end about six o'clock in the evening, witli many regrets that ono of the most enjoyable trips wo had ever made had at last, ns is the nature of all things, come to an end, Of the many folks gathered from all part3 of the world, it is not likely that six of them will come together ngain, but in tho memories of ail it must remain ono of the most pleasant days of a most pleasant summer. If then my friends I have succeeded in giving you a lew minute’s diversion from tho busy moments of life, if some will wish to see for themselves the beauty, wildness, and mysterious wind ings of the glorious old caves, nnd succeed in forming half such a pleasant party as ours, I shall not liavo tnkeu np my pen in vain, and maybe, at some future timo, I may endeavour to draw their attention to ono or two spots unknown, but well worth visiting in our own colony CanniK Ciiozinit. 