THE DAYLESFORD GOLDFIELD. To the editor of the Argus Sir,-Referring to the admirable account of the Daylesford goldfield by Mr. Smyth in this day's issue, permit me to mention what your authority does not seem to have been aware of--That there ie not only a Mount Franklin Estate Gold mining Company, which has been driving a tunnel for some time on the Shakespeare Lead, but there is also a " Mount Franklin Reserve and Freehold Company," whose estate consists inclusive of the re- serve of nearly 800 acres : and that it is the intention of the proprietors to sink a shaft some 250ft, as far down the lead as possible, so as to prevent any loss of levels by working the lead upwards towards the Mount Franklin Estate Company. Your insertion of this will prevent the company that has been at work for some years being mistaken for the company now preparing to start work in the deep ground - I am, &c.;, HENRY MORIN HUMPHREYS Secretary Mount Franklin Reserve and Free- hold Company. March 19 Tu.'* lloma publishes a curious article giving a rénumt of a letter of General Seobeleff, which declarea be never pronounced the words attributed to lum at Paris. He was anxious to have thom contradicted, but M Gambetta called on him, aud sboivod tele- grams from Havre and Marseilles referring to the enthusiasm those wordB had created among the troops and the fleet. General Skúbtiluff was induced by M Gambetta to encourage the impression which the reported speech to tbo Btudenta had produced m Fronre. QnosTä -An attempt la bolo, modo In tho old country to revive the bollol lu vUutaula from another world, and m.iiy are the woodorful stories that DI) simo < f tbo journals Tho sceptical mind Is. turnover, inttlnod to adopt Borootto. remark tti Marlay . (th ist -" How do I know that you aro not a bit of undi .oatcd bread 7' .or of all the libost-prodneers a lilt tit " hoavy." broad Is tbo mostpotont It Id a wunder therefore that pooplo tin nut adopt tbo surest spell atrvlnat ghosts by using Boliviens Gol u Ux.A. RAMCO Powana In making broad ; for although It won'i " raise çhoatB," It will ralso broad In tho most utlrolr able fasnlon Every wise storekeeper bus It by liku, amlovcrv omul liou.n_lfji buvB It - ÍADvr ) 