THE IRISH MASSACRE OF 1641. (From Froude's English in Ireland.) For years past there had been uneasy syrnptoms that the volcanic elements were working towards a new eruption. In 1634 Emer Macmahon, afterwards the notorious bishop of Clogher, informed Wentworth [the Earl of Strafford] that mischief was in the wind ; he himself, as he said, having been em- ployed to feel the pulse of France and Spain. Flights of friars and priests, with old soldiers who had served on the Continent, had been observed latterly crossing back through Eng- land to Ireland. Whispers were abroad that an insurrection was at hand ; and, early in 1641, Sir Harry Vane warned the Lords Jus- tices to be on their guard. Catholic preachers had been inveighing louder than usual from their pulpits on the progress of heresy, com- menting on the supposed malignant intentions of the English Parliament towards Ireland, and commending vaguely to the prayers of the congregations the success of some great design which was in hand for the preservation of the faith. The Irish Parliament, com- posed of Catholics and Protestants in nearly equal numbers, the Catholic slightly predomi- nating, sat late into the summer. The mem- bers of the House of Commons were the ex- tremes of both parties, and were equally bitter against Lord Stafford and the Government. A knot of Catholic barristers, patriots of the familiar type, had put themselves forward as the spokesman of Irish grievances ; clamour- ing for self-government, the repeal of Poyn- ings' Act, the dismissal of the Eriglish garri- sons, and the establishment of a militia ; and the Protestant representatives, with the in- fatuation which has so often distinguished Irish Protestant politicians, had applauded them to the echo. The Catholic leaders meanwhile had talked over their plans among themselves. At the beginning of October, the leading Catholic clergy and laity met at a Franciscan abbey in Westmeath, to discuss the course to be taken with the Protestant settlers who were scat- tered over the country. That they must be dispossessed was a matter of course ; it was the price of the co-operation of the Celts ; but whether by death or banishment was un- decided. According to the priests, heretics were disentitled to mercy. The less violent party considered that massacres were ugly things, and left an ill name behind them. The Spanish princes, whose orthodoxy was above suspicion, had not exterminated the Moors, but had allowed them to return to Africa. More savage measures might per- haps be displeasing to God, and would cer- tainly exasperate England in the highest degree. On the other side it was urged that the example of the Moors told for the opposite conclusion. Europe had suffered ever since from the Algerine pirates, who, had there been a general massacre, would never have existed. Ireland would, at all events, have to count on the worst that England could do. Banished men might come back with swords in their hands ; and the policy, at once wisest and safest, would be to destroy them when the opportunity was in their hands. The Ulster farmers, dispersed, surprised, and isolated, became the helpless victims of Irish ferocity on a scale on which it has rarely had an opportunity of displaying itself. It does not fall within the purpose of the present history to relate circumstantially the scenes which followed. Inasmuch, however, as Catholic historians, either deny their reality altogether, slur them over as enormously exaggerated, or lay the blame on the Protest- ants as the first beginners of violence ; and inasmuch as the justification of the subsequent policy of England towards Ireland depends upon the truth of events of which the recol- lection was kept alive for a century by a solemn annual commemoration ; it is necessary to relate briefly the outline of those events as recorded by eye- witnesses, who were examined in Dublin fresh from the scenes which they had witnessed, before "commissioners of known integrity ;" men of all stations and of both nations, whose evidence is the eternal witness of blood which the Irish Catholics have from that time to this been vainly trying to wash away. On the morning of that fatal Saturday [October 23, 1641,] there appeared, before the houses of the settlers and their tenants, in the six escheated counties, gangs of armed Irish, who demanded instant possession, and on being admitted, ejected the entire families, and stripped most of them to the skin. Many resisted, and were killed ; many, the young vigorous men especially, who could save their own lives by flight, sought shelter for their women ; and their little ones in the houses of their Irish neighbours, with whom they had lived in intimacy. The doors of their neighbours were opened in seeming hospitality but within there were not human beings—not even human savages—but fero- cious beasts. " The priests had so charmed the Irish, and laid such bloody impressions on them, that it was held a mortal sin to give relief or protection to the English." Fugitives admitted to shelter are sacred in the Arab tent or the Indian wigman. These helpless ones were either betrayed to the ruffians out of doors, or murdered by their hosts. There were of course exceptions. An entire nation cannot at once and universally put off the feelings which connect them with their kind. Some families were sent with escorts to sea ; nor does a universal massacre appear at first to have been anywhere deliberately designed. Passion, however, was exasperated by the failure of part of the scheme, which would have given the leaders political control. The ill-success at Dublin was not the only dis- appointment. Sir William Cole saved Ennis- killen. Naked men, flying for their lives, carried the alarm to Derry, Coleraine, and Carrickfergus, and the inhabitants had time to close their gates. Murder, the Irish writers say, was begun only in retaliation. The first blood, they affirm, was shed at Island Magee early in November, when three thousand Catholics were killed by the garrison at Car- rickfergus. Were this story true, there is something naive in the complaint that soldiers appointed to keep the peace should have used strong measures when the country was in the hands of bands of robbers, who were confes- sedly plundering the entire province. Every detail of that business, however, is preserved, and can be traced to the minutest fibre of it. The date of the affair at Island Magee was not November, but January. Alaster Mac- donnell, had destroyed some English families in their beds at Kilrea. Seventy or eighty- old men, women, and children, had been killed on the road, by the same party near Ballintoy and Oldstown. On the Sunday fol- lowing, January 9th, a party of the expelled farmers, maddened by their losses, accom- panied by a few soldiers from Carrickfergus, did slay, in revenge thirty Catholics at Island Magee. Thirty persons put to death, in the frenzy of provoked rage, on January 9, 1642, when the cries of perishing men and women were going up from every corner of Ulster, have been converted into three thousand at the beginning of November in the preceding year, and the crimes of the Irish represented as the self-defence of innocent victims de- fending themselves against unprovoked ass- assination. When will the Irish Catholics, when will the Roman Catholics, learn that wounds will never heal which are skinned with lying ? Not till they have done penance, all of them, by frank confession and humilia- tion—the Irish for their crimes in their own island—the Catholics generally for their yet greater crimes throughout the civilised world —can the past be forgotten, and their lawful claims on the conscience of mankind be equitably considered. Forbearance did not last beyond a few days, if so long. Rallying from their first surprise, the Protestants gathered into bodies and made fight ; and from that moment the conduct of the rebellious fell entirely into the hands of the most violent. Charlemont Castle, the strongest fortress in Ulster, was surprised on the fatal 23rd of October by Sir Phelim O'Neil. Lord Caulfield, who was taken there, was afterwards murdered. . . . In a fortnight, with the exception of the few places men- The towns, could not hold the numbers which fiockd into them, and the plague came to add to the general horrors. In Coleraine, in four months, six thousand were said to have died of the pestilence alone. The scenes in Dublin were still more frightful. Sir John Temple was so affected by the terrible specta- cle pausing under his own eyes, that his lan- guage in describing it rises into a tone of profound and tragic solemnity. " Multitudes of Engjish daily came up in troops, stripped and miserably despoiled ; persons of good rank and quality, covered over with old rags, and even without any covering but a little twisted straw to hide their nakedness. Wives came lamenting the murder of their husbands, mothers of their children barbarously destroyed before their faces. Some, over-wearied with long travel, and so surbated [the feet too bruised for walking], came creeping on their knees ; others, frozen with cold, ready to die in the streets. The city was thus filled with most lamentable spectacles of sorrow, which in great numbers wandered up and down in all parts, desolate, forsaken, having no place to lay their heads on, no clothing to cover them, no food to fill their hungry bellies. The Popish inhabitants refused to minister the least comfort to them, so as those sad crea- tures appeared like ghosts in every street. Barns, stables, and outhouses were filled with them, yet many lay in the open street and there miserably perished. The churches were the common receptacle of the meaner sort of them, who stood there in the most doleful posture, as objects of charity, in so great multitude as there was scarce passage with them. Those of better quality, who could not pass themselves to be common beggars, crept into private places ; and some that had not private friends, wasted silently away and died without noise. So bitter, was the remem- brance of their former condition, and so in- supportable the burden of their present cala- mity to many of them, as they refused to be comforted. I have known some that lay al- most naked, and having clothes sent, laid them by, refusing to put them on ; others that would not stir to fetch themselves food, though they knew where it stood ready for them, but they continued to lie nastily in their own rags, and even in their own dung ; and so, worn out with the misery of the journey and cruel usage, having their spirits bent, their bodies wasted, and their senses failing, lay here pitifully languishing ; and soon after they had recovered this town, very many of them died, leaving their bodies as monuments of the most inhuman cruelties used towards them." The circumstantial minuteness of the pic- ture is itself a guarantee of its fidelity. For the larger portion of these miserable people died. The Dublin churchyards could not hold the multitudes that were crowding into them, and two large fields were enclosed as cemeteries before the forlorn wretches could find rest even for their bones. Of the numbers that perished it is rash to offer so much as a conjecture. In the midst of excitement so terrible, extreme exaggera- tion was inevitable, and the accounts were more than usually hard to check, because the Catholics in their first triumph were as eager to make the most of their success as the Pro- testants to magnify their calamity. In the first horror it was said that 200,000 persons, had perished in six months. For these enor- mous figures the Catholic priests were re- sponsible. They returned the numbers of the killed in their several parishes, up to March, 1642, as 15,4000. To these may have been conjecturally added the crowds who died of exposure, want, or the plague, in Dublin and other towns. Sir John Temple considered that 15,0000 perished in two months, and 300,000 in two years. At the trial of Lord Maguyre, the figures were sworn at 152,000. Such guesses, for they could have been little more, prove only that in presence of occurrences exceptionally horrible, the balance of reason was over- turned. Clarendon, on cooler reflection, re- duced the number to 40,000 ; Sir William Petty, followed by Carte, to 37,000. Even these figures will seem too large when it is remembered how appalling is the impression created by the slaughter in cold blood of in- nocent unresisting people, how little rage and terror can be depended on for cool observa- tion, and how inevitably the murdered were confounded afterwards with the enormous multitudes which indisputably perished in the civil war which followed. The evidence proves no more than that atrocities had been committed on a scale too vast to be exactly comprehended, while the judgment was still further confounded by the fiendish malignity of the details. 