TURF tfOTES. IBv Knavesuibe.I The appearance of the weights for the great Spring handicaps 'will remove all winter ennui from the minds of turfites, and will furnish them with ample food for cogitation and discussion. It is much to be regretted that, as . I learn by tele gram, - 5tr Barnard's performance has caused general dissatisfaction, and that scratchings for tlie Melbourne Cup aro already numerous. This dissatisfaction 011 the part of owners recalls to my mind the following experience : — 44 Five .or six trainers of horses, who entered for. a trumpery liandicap to be fun on the following day. at aemaU out*of-the-way toco town' in. the' south of England, were requested by the b&ndicapper; to retire from liis sanctum, while ho and a mutual friend arranged the weights. ' The trainers knew well that a , forewords from the nan-official might go a ? long way in determining the burden to bo carried by each horse, and as they filed in solemn procession froin the room, tnuner No. 1 squeezed his hand significantly ; a second couglit hiB eye and gazed at him earnestly, not to! say cntreatihgly ^ a third trod on his toes with emphasis ; Aftrfi, in a word, gave him to understand by one token or another, his Jiope that, now when the time liad come for display ing true friendship, a call would not be made on him in vain. 'However, the amateur aided in the task forced upon him with thorough, impartiality. In due course the liandicap was completed, and he was deputed to take the accomplished work into an adjoining room, where the trainers, with their adherents, wore wait ing-f6r the weights. ' The amateur read tliem out, and as each impost was pro nounced, deep gloom and disgust marked tho face of the horse's trainer. Then, one by 'one, -thoto'1 worthies rose; and each, as he passed tlie man who had taken part in a thankless' task, discliargcd at that unhappy being some expression of indignation. *1 could'nt liave believod it,' whispered one ; 'You're a pretty pal' hissed *a second ; and when the turn of tho oldest and angriest came, ho snorted contempt in passing, calling back as a Partluan shaft that liis horse * could'nt win with & stone less on his back.' All these grumblers it may be added, started their horses for the racc, and h very fine one it was, tho steed' that could not win with a -stone less on his back pulling through by a neck.' In this tale is an admirable moral to tlioso who chooao to apply it. Whore, liowevor, as in tlie instance .of the Mel bourne Cup, grumbling and scratching ore simultaneous, it is evident that very Strong reasons indeed must -exist for the former. Limits of space prohibit jno from now analyzing the liandicap, and showing where, .in my opinion, is ground for complaint ; but lot me here remark that the good tliree-year-olds seein to liave been well taken care of, nnd I see but small' probability of Arcliio, Warwick and ? Co. repeating tlie triumplis of Chester and Grand Flaneur. My first inspection of -the weights tells iub that if Jessie has returned -to -ber best twoyear old' lorm, .or to anything -near it, her clianceis -second tonone,'whilet5ardonyx, Prometheus, ' Boolka, 'King' Charles, Robert the Devi^ isjid Bis Bis, strike me as /not unfavorably -treated. - Sufficient for the day, osjthere is am pie time before thc.race In Vhich' to' fully treat of the liandicap. A ] I - congratulate tho . Campbell . 'Town Stewards on the cxcollent entry which they hare obtained, and sincerely.tniBt tliat r-tho weights may-be ? bo apportioned as to Hiring together a good field, and that a fme'raooana close finish 'may reward tho handicapped efforts. X -still wishthc Stewards, jnay see their way to'odd, sby a sidling raee-^8| or_: 3 .miles to their pro- . granimel^as tius^ould- assuredly prove an Atti-action to many chasers whose form^is not up to the tnark of tlie big event. a I hope that all Stewards of meetings in Tiysnuvuia and Australia will read and mark tho recent action of the English Jockey Club iu the case of Mr Had mall nod liis jockey Wyatt, both of. whom they Juivc disqualified for life on account of the suspicious running of Brilliaucy. Were cases of ropiug and unfair riding on ihc Colonial 'Turf punishod with equal promptitude and severity, tlicro would bo .fewer tui£ scandals, and tho public voald -stand a ? better chauoe of winning, or at least getting a fair run for their money. Tho Ghost's victor}' iu the race for tho Ladies' Bracelet at the Y.A.T.C. meeting last Saturday proves tliat the son of Trog eagle ; takes ^ a jot Qf beating over a short course, while Transfcrred's third placc, under his welter impost, bIiows hitn to be a veritable champion ofthoT.Y.C. The monster field and good attendance fully justified the ep^erpriso. of the qlub ; nnd I infer from' the crowd tliat faced the starter's flag, either that the trophy was especially sought after, or that not a few horses have yet their 44 hay or corn bill' to pay for. Tlie stakes won at the last meeting of the Northern Tasmanian Coursing Club were paid over at the Criterion Hotel yes terday morning by tho President, Mr H . ft. Falkiner. Several meniljcre of the committee and others interested were also present. Clutmpagne was frothed, and the healths of tlie fortunate owners' of the winners of the Quauiby Plate and Hagley Stakes were enthusiastically drunk. Great satisfaction was expressed at the very sue* cuasful manner in which coursing liad been carried on during the season, all tho different officers having worked together to promote the interests of the sport. Tlie kindness of Mr Sadleir in placing Quamby at the disposal of tlie Club was also referrod to, for without tliis estate couraing in tlie North during the [tast season would have been a failure. The list of members is a very good one, aud it is. pleasing to note tliat tlie financial position of the club is very satisfactory. Arrangements will probably be made witli the owners of the Mowbray Plumpton to hold a meet there about tho eud of August. Au soon as a decision is nrrivod at, members will be advised, aud a pro gramme decided upon. By .the sj. Fliuders, wliich left for Melbourne yesterday, two greyhounds (Frenchman .and Fact), the property of Air H. R. Falkiner, weresliippeu. They aro iu charge of Mat. Davis, tho well known traiuer, and are to competo for the 'Waterloo Cup, which will be run on tlie lHth inst. 1 am sure Mr Falkiner has the £ood wishes of sporting folk of Tas nwnia, and if either of tho dogs (whicli, hy-the-way, arc in splendid condition) prove victorious, 110 one will begrudge him the success so genuine a sportsman deserves. The Northern Hunt Club hounds metnt Longford yesterday afternoon, when a fine deer was eularged. There were about 80 equestrians present, . iucluding several ladies. The Master (Mr 0. E. Ralston) was on Paul, the Huntsmau ('Powell) 011 Stanley, the Whip 011 Syntax, C. De Little on Mcdora, W. D. Landalc on Tho Bat on, N. Harper on ; Union Jack, T. Heaps on Dick, Beimett 011 a grey, T. Syiiniioiis on Portrait, Crack on Kania fi^ig, and others whose names I did not know. The deer led them over a stiff lour- rafler, and dodged about amongst a mob of cattlo for BOine time, eventually being run into by the hounds in tho road. After this tlie Wliip and Crack went off with a drug and led tlie field ovor about 30 fencon, the majority of which were very Ktiff. There were only two falls through out the run, and every one returned home thoroughly satisfied with tho afternoon's sport, ufter Jiaving had one of tlio most buccesafuljyns of the s'^on. Homy Irving, tho great trogodian, W.K0S his whole company from tlie Lyceum 1 ueutre, London, to America, and all his scenery properties and effects. He plays Hamlet,' 41 Richard III,' 44 Eugene m 1 4k^^ai'^e8 Ii' -4LouisXI,' 'Lyons' J-'1* ju*d tlie pick ,of liis repertoire. yi*eat tilings are_ .expected, and the tour J8 sure to be a Uglily successful one. 