nii; OUR i:STORY TELLERP.:' :I ir CLEOMt-lNtO , T_ TIli GRIEliK., +:A'TA,? or rTn PAtKaUTIO. tNDunt ClIAPTt?ilt V. ir>ltt eorun of Ioelll was appointedt as the ?iet? nAssonmbly whrt, wek ty oweek, the isUtspeted ol ekihtowletllge ChLlstlnnn were i6dboidtal' etrnlhtnedt It: tos a otdle Sut| rspaloous hell dorndl wl1 h ail tile Inng. ritdfleenroof the thne. The d ayvs hnd gone Iby, when the rolers of repnblen m lIt oe, vereolis their sillmplicity, soent forth their jitdgemiots eroti Ihrahld the warrior's tent ant the farnler's plough. Even the sway of i.oielret?na ho'lo gate on rountenance to lixuryr, faleda to testriet thLe nnboornded lore of spluhdonr whilh was the destrnotion of itoems. low weooht the ghosts of thoseostern iathl RonmRne ioa looked wto dlsgst nat oA ',ieisteopt ont their anolent formn thronged litllhetatues, not of heroes, but of eriteit. ''ldenrnid tell'omhtoot eoprers, wertnt thery 'Mirveult have deemtned too aldeot to wldel n :oman's distafl-too vile to orawl under the "'tlathelt garelolts of a slvue. "id 01Ot the gloontas seats wiitct olpicld 'tin I htio' of thio Atielont rostrn, relined the itdg?o - nter,r whose eplelihi gnlooents oill aiolea?s: nttlntia, hnoide thene aeem mlore .llkd giheats at h feat than lsei tors whose fidt wees to bie thn t of life or deathl, ,"dlofore theel atood the Chritianlos, a hand as'iorlems ,ln age, sax, dl atnalieo, as thitt leh1tti had met at the onatacomll it ,ildheiyrueioo'they were called upon to ,ulatier the naoisation-or deny their faith Ccrlateng; teilone mon'eth alt ar of Janus, w:hose taonpti ios withir thoe piteoithn of tie forunl,,. One b o ho dil those simple tonM SfalithLl folloers 'of the aerioties l to tnheir trial anlt their dtomt Oleoi with rlhil eoerl y i ptlrhtg forth aliathal ms tel ttle IfOlt ital1 ti , renitpprer, ttherebly gaihilg leoro qluokly the toigrl-feor death ; othters, II cOlm i tlldir. nOrt o tte r gll t o wio ris of aolger or to ptrooh', but inehkly elt silently meuetlig Ctheir dotitn..' "t'!lisamn, tlohlaid.g'iter of Irrcmiie, telnti fotlhil" oriel tohe r tl tenr voicoo t ionereis, othd secotnd I, tihe empirr, a harsh titl turret: trlees judge. .i l Firmly ani elmty the young mldoen I lllted front her lftllr'r sile, nod stood in. lore tlho triblnl stllel orreed wlth heir roil. IThe jlidge motlloed her to take it off, unt lttho pMle aroet foee of Mesa tr ns revernll to f his tll tie Ore. '.!'' Pooer hilhl I thou art yortlg toldie thus," salda'otom lssliotels voihe; it camu e frum lte olino sat inext to (Inlerrtls, n tani of middlote ago wosoit mild feontres and fair .haiTr elntrlet rneted t ly with the inrk-look ling, atlelbydl'odlugeo. . Thdu;:owaert' nlwny. eoft-lienlted, Coel. i?etatkis Chlrternns," o re?eenl Onleritts, writh a eooer,t !'Buto the will ofithe emopror cmst ?liehdone, nevertheless. Falrudansel I e woitl rnot be I arah to thee? the nlter I. iear thee, Sthroeino it bt n feno granie of intseene otd othou art' free. Surely, tlhe task is t ery :euny..: $ ..... , " int ut'Min e on tas h ovnoleic . O i (ulirm ter thie renser!h criel nleuics. i! rCome, nmaile, wilt thoua i thiles " "I will not," catteo frot the girl's lipe Iti ine most'iroot1aud yet ost line.l "I uel • oi hristaln."' Iy.' H ,iOnes ddep o slgl''as'nof geolrul easperse, Iw Lmned a rnfrentmthe mitst of the Christiena -te&d;,'atl frem the imltltleo beyound rose n rbelfsulnpreshed" ariek;-thy camet fro!th t?he fatther antl eotlerof Oline t d not ri nMm: " i' Fo6ll"sa d tihdjudget. ' " Who taught fthee to believe r sul madness 1" rtne"I did,". eriel Ireinelll'e etecplg forth :teildo hkaf °" I san 't ll tChristia father aof til GChristian elhlli. I toens Ireilt, tile soldier of trehbu, the victor of the Sarnno ttnams, the honn"t of the'iennote o now I om a?nlmrtyr fo. tile faithi of tit Iholy (ialican, Sreand to dlowlti this my deroted anti dutl. tfdl.©hl c .ld,"r ' ' leTtielo hetnlo cointenalco of Cottellthtits wias foll of pait. ' "NobldIoh freit0f,(," hti hll; "wte will not listen to thea-o-or rars anr'deaf. fo away to Cty thotsol-ltt one offlies for the arol. Balutn.O-lertus full' of saurage pleasure enltered hil gnarls to lead thl now crthinai . to tt alter of hiecate. To the surrriso of Iall;c'tenue.swalkhl norenshtlngly thitlher, ?atd stodl befnor tie statue of Janus. Tlhen he rlned with a loIdl voice, L' Coreral ilol I wronrshippol blitlly bIy the .Pottaries of a corale faith, tiht does tia e er. vnut of the onln trie (ea execute reugeatoe .pupon.tlh 1!O u I ' * s?t i, ith a Ilow from that inged hot mice I powerful tar,; ,hichl had nelrulneltho eltendet .of ?oo ta like eo mlany greashoppers, Irenteet dashedl tlhe statte frn, its pedestal, and It fell, brokeh In a thousland pilees, on tlh Itenlple floor. ,?,A'ery ef horror, of rovrege, of exultation, buret/rein the Ruinu aiind tte Clhristians. Atti was couhlsion it the Oassenbly ;ndl :Irmnmut would have beent tori In pleces by .thendtllgonttttiioultitndo, had not (nalnerla meomnlanitl tOie giuoa teo seureAtit pm. .tia ttlnl. Thn'tle oldtnliwt n Iere anoay, " antd ltse totl in Othlin tial of tine fernm, :alone idi ontpruoteiutl. ! .,(,Not ullprotttcd ; for sudllenly a youitg LeItn lealtl from the crowd atll stool by the ,nalden', tide. It wos Cleonomna.. =Rven in CthatdroeId time a glean n of joy came over .lMtea's countenurce at thie faithfiutnes of thim shea'lonveid bit a illoment alte wo e. ,perel mournofily,t.. ,i ,'!c CloleatleOs, why art thou here n-tiitI .tingjdeat, on thee, Itoo I" : ni H dhl tnot ntanswer ther buet turned to the ,sake ofthis yon) runief. How oan oho hegullty,even if sahio hiarve been i do to c.onfarn to leer fathr's fait i l NLobh Cbdo eta; thbeiletast kllown, ine from my yotllt; Shaere It:prny thee to grant olo ties nllifent's life. .?Rtolliansu," ie cried, tlnting to tlhe multitudo, "lot thel ianuhlter of the con. dalmneda Iromna be forgotteonit thie wife of ClirtlloOln in thGrrk." S.;iAtthhtiiaeno.a cry of pieanure rose i .fromrthoiemowdt.i "Ioe is a gotl' on ; let Shi iakehithu girl. ?Long lier Cloolllellena tihe Ghlreek!' were foretally Iant froIm tihe than &atIe; popunlac. , e n •I,? t her-a t Olithe ioene--ut oo gra, .-,And su IN free," nhld the ljulgogs. IliCloomenei- hle d MA, ms to thue shrine ho la eol.theleonsor io her hadlI; lie stood Ibr : orem her, with hin sweutr lorlngllad beosecrit taug eyt?t:.Tile udaglltoer of hounwue lookehl "atktu,h presseIatlht hands to Iherlp 'anl nu s.sumlthei lot them gn, anlanuit,' ,htlf'For theu--four thee, tloat'.faithful aMt Uiclloýed ooo, I wohld renomlee all on earth; i "tbt I'n, wot dtiy Illy Ual" fi :,tflhto eant Cte cetser oel thu earth, folned .,herhonids aholty on her ieinat, ntd adhl atttetIdlll a Clu'tathmi., Let nllu dIo with my A. A ,rt where,n.atidat ail lthisn wa the :fItraynr, the wotntnlln wlroseo ov wana worao thantt hate, -thin uIsspepted 'gailty one, tsbo snll-tnrtutfotee a m tell ttlotisantl tintt fie?ervtlntn the o:omnrtyr's llaoet --ilelr 'ti'hsl$ira?lleo!iol- '"' : rI e.iWanitteriigngoot Iikne at iqnitet aplrlt,ot _no'tln hulerlolnti hlott--o+i tOlu in lmietleib • uurd,?-tn thOet irinnit, wtoere ihulcit ntletentod Chi unfeiatfvilurn of thie I,|otttatl litllludhilWu tattlel tIehnae-, nlitt I mottlint vrlrthu,--itm ihi .tho fontiner't ; Olt(lo. yet c unltl thu Iilknown ernticlnathf faitvlhs no oura?iieCtler thqitoti: ihitteuillior.thht ill-ntih Ireii'llr ihtitheeynct htoin" marfu'rurtnnlintu'b hgionphlnt dnetri ni .yoae enyalrerptthiihth lelld,.ge] ill.hth jenlaits uiltneji?,iit~talfutlr A '+ r rlut' irrttrttlttt"t. illtU n t ;t itriii hOu burhluln'llre'ol' nu orll a...ldeleo,-to meet kill looks anl wiorda from tllalr she hntd so deeply lnureld, trould ii oovory hour test servo ilutiortesen hail?e sholuh roevert tile truth, ottll lay tioe oarorf the bI?raecll oit the doublhe ioirderesa, aUt most agolaslug oree It to le a daCly wlttres of the atrong o?o l dtepoheiug lore, the alostf adoring reverouco wlth wlt dh Cleoloti s lookedl upon - tisn owhile sllo her self, who alnd perillrd hter onul to golti thoat ltorave, as not oegrded.t . tIl the prospect of couiol h da?th the stern bar of aoreoou betweell L'u gou lll oChrls. ttll wo s rcolllell I lol, though Ioollenuis otenlltimos reproved hs It rtnelll or f.lto tII. dilige c o eo feeling1 swhl. he co loim tod sila worthy of a CLhust?ltl ntile t uolfttll g tle whrti wo w out to eoiter oi the glories of nnrtyrrlon, oyet thi dotl let forbid tile yolung roak Iful ri tolllog dally to file poliso. Tihe kaown adllhrllce ok Clelnuol tole hls own rtliglo hllis higih thrauctr, nl thle aetlli i whitlr tloo tio htld by Coensteinlts hloiters, piroot?id hit ttls rfvoir, nid elalorl hhrt to In lny thongs to h totnot tle conedtttonl ot tile captive drlnrn tihs weary timeo that, wlth n ro?lllneent ol' urolty, ols Irlqoutly ltoeral to elo a Mso bettriLo theo eadetrnllotn anl death of the thrlstrltts. And thus, tle twlth hose glorI y walls tiue poring Iorrre. ot. o h bittur corur--tldse ihpediog intet--bil t drev theilr whearts nllel' togethler, A iholy oseirra took trole plooor ettlolduly tltllltty it tlho tosolm of Miue ; it wro strily ilOt sill to lote CotltOets llOW.. r Ifour after hour s it stllttrrtetllmn to stt at lier fet, orstill o Into f ier eyes, enttl the rot s?cled on l blotted out, ad O the horrible rllro t roor dhntt ttoie telstoato--us thought It wolod ilot be that such lore houlttIrto saalluwOl aO ip Ir to ath. Nou s taithe Mirs'm spel to titl of her fthellh of the blessl hop cs whld t ustecind herlellll, thoaullh Cleomees nlllnluell tlul, It seemled Lo her as Ih 811011111,t go on, thlat, lanoter, w he tllcauseosw t llps wnert sloot tover, sumrtoug olloruttoel orrdr iot tlht, coelo Ioek to i illrlllor y atl tltto wileo, ot toble (tIrerk pollttoitltr migohrt lte guilel oil that reaven0y nad0 [toy ttlo esim pl teaohltgof ttr tittororltgitl, whtsu lre was het l o il whislol. Ai st stert thoughts dootIt sotsoelt less like tn sterotil 0Itolit boetleIen the tio, wotto, though so er rlilerett ill oelse, were yet so flrmly nitedt o I tant Iste itiy. tooeoats tuof leeo o h At tties they tolkel as Itf tlero had bteen, no eorw illt tiLeo world--to elout h?iltlug over tolem r thery soeoh of otl Ina of peace tt h~ s an , h hies, [ l is ailln aye withi the Ifrins an lowes w?hu ch her nlnover took eoar to org t ho tie prisotll oltsl ledc to thleir rrl ot trs shetu plrutlr thlet Oe the small tIller ot sutrilee that crept thrion gh li tt y i• terotitLr of tlho ,inssro nlles solllnellcs, Il, rtilllko frrogetf fehlsr of trotole. gtring relt to hier owe let' ortlltutnll oigh. h lowv stetgo It ?i?dl io steh oa t irll e I Tle a tnrioirfurl look wollltIay ovtr rer 00 face is atu rould aoigh to leave tle leautifrl w trl, iole still oi0 beeutith bllh y love, allt Clmourtes wothl, ,litoh hIer. to life o?rorl,-eorl tler father ttu t nlot say hitll Ony at sout a ttier,--dortoehtre rith wlld energyo tlot ou powasr shonll take her oomir flan,- that Ills heart's beloetd sthoul not die I Afll th'a tho tortured eyes of Strotoolcr be. held nd olto krow that her siat wte all in oluti, for trt iorught but deatth cold sepa. rote love from love. At last, thratgh tihe astotlshed ctty spread the toewa lof tte otllcatoon of Dl)oelesiaottl, adt the oaploitltn t of OUalcrtis to the solo power of the \Western Empirt. Feafiul, indeed, was this- ntellogeueo to the hirtsttanIs of Riome, for they koewO tlat the reiu?icing on acoornt of tte norw emperor were the signal for the death of their coa. daietIi t brtthrei ; ard, tlarest to Obre of all was the sust ese ir which, tohe pr?eorers were kept, each one knowitg not the doay or thor when ho might be led to the pitoe of uerueliotxio, or to the citaus, to 00ko sport for, the high-bornl ille arl fair women of omloie with tits dying ogonies, ir the strugglo wilth wldo beasts. It wee fror the lips oft fis wife that Iren. rells loett Iesrl the tidling of is co?itng fate. Distracted with torror, DoltitIlla ruoltiro through the streets of Rormeo to the prison wereo liar IIshlallid anstil ehld ly., orEv er fand aorl the shouot fro tro Coll. -um rosa. upon tlls; ar,. telling .thll.the -Iports were alrnhady begun.. 8ie entered the prise I oven its terrible stillness wIas ' blasshlg after those death-ladeo acclama tions.t ŽMtoss sot at her father's foeett ol ier ltp the rnorlltmeit whltho eanotnllod the precLoos rouls of oollforet- treastro so erolosllly gunnrled Ity the early Chrisattlris, toat torture itself often failed toto extort frol thcl the place where Iot was conerled. . •'t Th youeg girl looked so pare, so caht, so fnll of.life, aid youth, and loveliness, that at ttrhe sgllt a wOld: shrirk burst lfroo to motter; eld soll fell senseless ot the O loor. Ireleus, wlth it geotlenetss whwch wto 0 ur iseual to ihtl, raised his wifo in his arms, asrl looked Inqiriregly at Stratotice, who followed. " Ftther," she sidi, dsuowly wil distietly, thorlgh her lips were tlte as death, find lor wtltl eyo glared rwtlth a strango litght; "father, tte galntear tt th rue tic voe 'teto It vern so,' alnswere d i f...rerOftiehn the tom tro it cillo.. o toss, lly etoved, iost thllo ]rear", Shelro ht btiei ter faoe In tho whito veil wleih afe stllt wore, but, at hls vorle, she looped rllt oil uoig mrud hler father's teick,' tot wreepng, but as whlto oatd cold as' marble stotue,.. "I. deatl l still so terrblo to thoe, pour shtld 1' r adhl Irelrus softly ; "but fear tot, 2tiaa, the Oalt of thy fathelr narl itra:rowll girve theo stroegth whoen it co0es. oHave airy of my bretlhren yotasuftred; Stratotleto"I hie contril.ed, "I iet theul bearing Lc?otilre, and ]Il.. bri with flis wrtfe Ptlarcinn ; and fronl the wrenm ws Carried the rwhlitohalred prtest who stood besitfo tthe orumI-at ist tlie-" Stloto o oi could lot tineal tthe, ecteore, for a eonvultove shudder aniro over lier. lBt not a lliscleO tlltverr l et tihe eotlpoor l eoilll' teuoieo of tho aged Ctristian. " Theoy delaoy tll the last ltfore they seRId for foarcuri the Cuotaridorl,' ie sot, , with a fearles smile i '" they tlhit. thtso eAge htoer rilt furish 'ttllo sport for the Oltyrrutir, tigers, Lnt I fear not, Sttotlooe; 'Trke thy other," he addedoo in tsoftrenl tones, "oe wrtll toui hIn teo i but thoo." Btit Straortolitc di?hed herelft on tole floor at, his fooeald crfodrt ti ltones tlnt ranlg through tho potson with tihe shrllneeso of re. moreOu amd despeair, . .. "Father-father, kill male with thly eurare,' but aseak rot sogently. I--oly I--havo dore thiste. I thave betrtayed illy sthtor.-I' lrvu mrulurdered thteo. 0OIh I Corlllos--I lfalto rlot cull tllte falthor--sprrnl ine--suy ilt--lot rie o, rAat thy feet." , . Ireilrouis took hio rtobe from her grasp, unoti turnol roun tier 00 fronel a roltoloio rerptile. flit Meinsa looked on tier slter, all'itl that. look tlero was rllingleol lnitlher allger iour diggitl, but aorrew iid omlllpaastlol. Aril truly, it was pitifrl to sro that proud ohead torwed to the very dlat-?alllat long Ieaurtitfl hair, torl llrr sdttrel ill Ifrog. nlel.s with tile pasasorlate vrelltemiO cu of Ier 'o."tlrtouiea,"stid )fr, t, "I 0ver LIroved thto--I everrrlid tohee erl, my sistter. W'thy teat tto ll done thi s ..' "tlecatte thtoi itirat' tote riu trolll tile joy of tIyt hoortur iry n ittylS trth itiB torrt troorllro tllrlt toaiLty ul trthto1 st cOtototireiiOa frolo iia tIohi, ir tol'e]: hlii 1 ay, ttil tkoo illltr tilrlul .ierore: ttlil .ttlr ,, .Olirro t iah t t ttllryloro lO.lrrito 1" IlrOtlty rt't Ltllto ttolie ghlf. "t'trou U'Ollliit Irtt tlitoui a glroinl of I Iltro ?aolititoor fotthor, tlotthr, ietrto',--y cu iIot ottllirt foil "r ttoe tove of CleollrtlioSI \\\'hltltr, lorv id gir'toot, thlttot r ioirlh' ' .\toaotolrel trrl; temololti ffrelri tro vellt, ilrrllr tOllrts. suir .geltrc rof ittLtonlce, tllrciifetirrt Illtuthil,. of- tlhu.wfo of lroiitrllr ?i)IIIII lll t clenrly onllll'clicilll whot ano p-a.urs trtiuttly oulltttilg , tt1ot ui'oull of rt asor lookieg teelor feet e Ie a i tntte of rltlrhy uci, ricneilosllers whloh wasml Ilie hllisu,. : lteatwhle thie stertr votli of Irenus atd dresse tie Iro rtmto tttratoileo. "WrVlnmre I rite c n.' Tihe Innrghty splrit of tle (irMok Aorl wan hnericid aet i o tuonle siro nrose rd slol be. lure hinu, Ilrlnrhly lnd ellietly tas a chld. "linc i been of like faith to Ihen, wetoiheri oneh," aihld Ielrero o I ehohil ha v.eereedI thee I but tio Ohllietlne do rot so. It III oIeona oel who IDst sI Into taohe p?lle ,I thi n lleA ei l to retairn vll for vcil, ''therefor',t thie owl colaerieco bo llhy torm onent.c At this inmoment, onto thromgh itlie loncl wnll of tihe dungteo pcetralotem thtai ait ori tlre nlrititllm. \V'n tihe soaunl lell on tihe cere of Strtioale. It sieaslth to retisui he nhniroet to ifr o my. " tI fenthlV - sister - irenion I"r site shriekn ,l "rniire nl ot Iith pylr beood Ien y r ca t, r i 'nleie--rl on It I reio pnrrloc tiee, poIar oroturatentar Trionsvwoer r lrne. "Thie derl sree given meo gloorrue ownec, whlet t oha tr eft least lot oiL"." h lMrsa ment over heor sister, usd lai oil her brnw tile kiss b r peace. "I too Ipdont thie, Strteldrie," site Mld;. tt I irhll son pain tre n le longer I its love was rely steet to alett" DnllL the young girl's voice trelbletld i lort whler I hare gone trwoy there will be anlne to pert tero frme CleoelesA.", t"Atlur now trotble nesno mnreo--thllo whrirt I haven ti long rllel dnlartghtr"-acl Irerllr.e, mr .e hro tis' to' prepare for tile ideathi thmt iast glen." Ile tmrw lereom herr or i oant Strlnoeice ahrrak array, nll crorcheor dwre In thie fbrlteat corner of tile itnrk cell. Ilreian andlls nor ghter.sat togethmer. and twaeted ll silesllu and'clrtrn, thie' fieatal atr. llder A l nder gar l sihoaes of itie mrultitrde.-it seemed as if tihey r l lt c reerer nit nearer. nitl they reached tlie prison itself. Stddheul thie diors weL e Ihlng Uopenr nrer, t tir tihreirhoii, stoodi net ttie oilirora rowll or tie i sirr l of i deth, iht' tile Iroblo nrll iloved form ofiCliemneos tire ereek, his cnntrllacllce glenrlltg writh joy, his bright hlrlr Itaing lack hie rtight hIno wav. ig alofnl t n pinaen t, It ras tiro edit of Etalrtnia tie Chrrtiolnn wore saved. ly n suddein detlerlnntilon' of policy, riller tihanen 0 mptlse of nlrey, the now enCilermrhe Ia nlll r oa general perloet to Ilis Chrstlnl sIuIbIjects, with pertliterid to exrr icse their religion itl peniee. SWildly frillo thant turky cell ronse tip tir cry of joy andt drllveronne slrd tire prayer of tIlmrksgrivlnlt. The wife olotng to her e ne. tel-rt-nel irtfereree of faith forgotten I tears -even tars-o'tbederwcd thdiron chehek of Ireltr ncs nsh ollaspe il dnrltghter toirdn bosohin, ntd knrw tirht tile shlteow of ideath no lonler gathered over them, while Gleo. tneles knelt beerie Mlcca, kissint e e r t lrns, her gontlerue, l ih i tirious joy. 'And there in the'darkness-eafr fmoall- reorched lStratonre. lot datring to he near their happiness--glnrting npon.tllolre with startingl eyes and brinitng brain, oner rrirnrt' wild wilth raptre at lier drltveranceota lier owrn freelom from that deadly esil of lunlocr, nod then sitlll to mlneticns ty tie lovInlg wons and joyitl looks whlirh CIlerrencs Iloietrlt on hita lrcta.' ' At 'last' Ireretes ttirned to the yonng Cirek,'.and the teernic ss e of tie ilrsppy father lrenrnie merged in the sltenllcss of tire Christian zealot. lio drew Mesa fromr ter lover ad Mlid, " "Tie blessngs of tlhose tilou,'host oncte aved, aid to wlont t'thou'tllaot bcn h joy ftrl lessenger of dlelc'rtllcee, be rpoer tiee, Cletmene I b hou rtio o t letirave o n now for eover, dare 'lot bravo'tlte wrath of tlie Christianrs' (od by Ighiig iry dlaughter to en idolnter. From tlr, dcnrk .hidingaplace Stomlerice started to thr feet, and lier eyes wece fixed on tira cotnltenanco of hlnt sire loved, so madly: ]it ino palit no disappohkted Lope darkened tile foe iof tile ynrgl (reeck. Cleneneoe keollt before Iremtse, tin took his lnIlld saying, "Fathercr-evern ol (live lre myyheart's belored for MLes's Cod is mlne--t too am a Clristitan. " , A cry so wild--ao despairing that It lglit havo oen tirhe elriek of p eMrting souil, ilrst from tihe lips oi Stlmtonlce ond;tin, er the lover could embhrace his betrothed, she stoald betoaoe the.ta. "lmesn," sire shil in o honrsn whisper, "rertt thllo diedt tis day Iwould hala dielt too. Thllo neat cavel-thor 'onr t htnppy thelreore, Ole, I will dlie.' ilhedrew ailiort Gireek dngger torn htr robe, ritt' ptungedtit into iher boaoall Life pnrtal--nnt euddienly lt Irngerlngly' Strtolict Iety with her rletle pillowred n the rrest of lier adopted mother, with ebbing life nil witrdnen nnrd xeoiteenert pasel away. Only still lier dihn eyes waledroee to tlteo;fae of Cleolnenee wvith Inornftlt tenderness,. ' "'Forgi'e me," sie mnrmtlret, " thou nit happy, Cltemenes, and I die; torgive mefor nly burros sake." Mnecsa bent over ilie dylng girl, and Ishi a erurix on lier bhson; lint thie ifelo,htand of Strotorine cast It nseie with 'coren' Sihe lifted hierself np with wonderlfl energy' rased ei?'nrnlrs in tihe nr, anid ceiried, "(alme of ireene--gnla of illy country--I rae lived nfaithfulRI to yonr forakeih shrlncas, atl fitthl rrI will iot. Lftitne bteen or tor. tarn to ieo Ily I lind pence intt tihe lalid of tire idea: Spirit of tly fatheiri; receolv tiro soal of Stmtonlce I" She fell heck l ant, lie bertitful forn wras orly clay I ' ' Tree --o. 