THE HANDS OF ; ■ JUSTICE.' BY IV W. ROBINSON. Author of "Grandmother's Money;" "Coward Conscience;" "A Woman's Bansbm;" "For He* Sake,*" &c.;, &o.; Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved. BOOK THE FIRST. Chapter XYIH.—'f Will" you Do Mb a Favor J" John Woodhatch had not known every thing after all. Here was a coup da thSdtre for which he was wholly unprepared. A shrewd, observant man as he was by nature, and under whose feet the grass did not grow quickly, still he-was not infallible; and, as a judge of human character, he had, as we are aware, begun to think himself a failure. In this instance he had not calculated upon headstrong youth, or the romance of selfish* ness leading up to this; or the power of Morris Brake and Lucy to deceive him and all connected with him thus completely, "Your wife," he repeated slowly tohimself. Then he sat down, planted his big hands upon his knees, and stared at the fire,.-as though the solution .to the enigma was to be found in its red depths. "Yes, we have been married a few weeks," Morris explained. "When you were.away in London we—-we thoughtit was best." ' "Why?' - - ■ ■ "Weknow there would be mqch opposi tion,"he said; " that Mh Larcom would not give his consent; that you—even with all your kindness of heart—would side against us, and tell us to wait." "Yes, 1 should have done that," answered the master, slowly. "There seemed no one on our side," Morris continued. " We felt every effort, would be made to paribus; that the truth.was:coming to the. tight;'and there was. only security in marriage. We loved each other very much, sir." ; " Poor children 1 rash children," muttered Woodhatch. "Yes, this is love, I suppose; the love of youth, which leaps in the dark to the unalterable.' How old are you?" i "I shall be twenty-one next summer, sir." "Twenty-years of age only," said Wood' hatch to himself. " In my. twenty-first year," corrected Morris,- objecting to his first Bcore very strongly,'and anxious to be out of it even for argument's sake. There was a tremen dous difference between twenty and twenty ode—even the law acknowledged that. - And when John Woodhatch added in his new dreamy manner— "-I remember last March you told me yon were nineteen," Morris felt absolutely baby like, and thought it was a very ugly way of mentioning anindisputable fact. At least he was:-twenty last <Jmy, and should be of age next year, although John Woodhatch did. not seem to see it. ' . "cAhd Lucy—is she eighteen yet? I •forget.? . He had only asked her last night the same question, and she had answered it. : \ " Well, she is just upon it, sir." . "Yes, next November ;,I had forgotten for a moment. Nineteen and seventeen—hoy and girl," he said. ' , :-.c . . . . . " I really am not nineteen, Mr. Woodhatch. I wish you. wouldn't— ."And now," he said, interrupting' himv "sit down and tell me what are your plans. The crisis is r passed ; you have accepted-the responsibilities of life. What will you-do to make her happy?" Morris hesitated, and looked at the fire in his turn. '•You may trust me, Morris," he said. "I know that, sir; I could trust you with my life." ' " The storm is over, and you and I are sit* ting in the sunshine," he said, with a siokly smile that was not indicative of any bright ness ; "we have no ill-feeling at-our hearts, What are you going to do?" - ■ " I will tell you what I thought of doing, sir," he said, " You knowI am rather clever at horses; understand them, and their value." " Youare very clever, though Ihaven'tsaid &3 much before," replied Woodhatch. " Well, sir,r -Morris said, - looking down now, and in rather a shame-faced way, "Scat terwait has offered me a good position in his service, and with many chances of advance ment.'? "Scatterwait is not a nice man," was the master's remark, "I know that.' That is why—" "But he is rich, the owner of famous race, horses, a great horse-dealer altogether, and better known in 'Lincoln than the bishop, . And you would suit him, after a while," added John Woodhatch. . " Yes, Ithought so." "You will travel about England a great deal," heicontinued; "half over the world" perhaps." v "Yes; it is hot a bad life." . " And Lucy—what of the young wife ?" "Oh! we have thought of all this, sir," re plied Morris, "although I have been awfully hasty, and told you our secret prematurely; but then you were so hard on me and her." "The past ties far away from us; years back, it seems, Morris. Goon." " We thought of waiting till things were a hit settled, till I had saved some money, and then beginning housekeeping together later oh, telling Mr. Larcom of our marriage, and hsking^his forgiveness. In a year or 'two, at the most, I should know1 exactly what to do." " In a year or two! Has it not struck you, Morris, what those two years Would be to Lucy, occupying a-false position in her home, and mth you wandering abbut the world .with out her ? Have you had no thought for that," he cried; '-'has not she?". "It was the best we could think of," was the answer. "We are young, and there is time before us, and we have faith in ehoh other," he added, confidently. Mr. Woodhatch's brow contracted, but possibly it was only at the fire. ; "Your plans, Morris, are on a par with this secret marriage, very weak and foolish," he said, slowly. "You do not look ahead and see the misery and horror of it all. You see it as a dreamer. It must not be." ■ "Must not?" "It must hot," he repeated, rising; and, Morris, taking it as a hint that thejtaterview was at an end, rose also. "There" can come no happiness to such a life, and there must follow discord, jealousy, perhaps hate. It is . a false position for you both—an accursed 'snare—and shall not be." ' Oh, sir, you have no confidence in me, I know." You have begun life early; but, by God, Morris Brake, you shall begin it with your : wife," cried Woodhatch, savagely. '.'If I only could; if in any way I could!" " L will find out the way. You must exist without that Scatterwait." "I thought he—- : "Don't think of the fellow again,";said Woodhatch. " And now get. away, and write to me to-morrow where you are. I shall be glad when you are oufr of the house," he said, bluntly; I shall breathe more freely." , "Ah, Mr. Woodhatch, you look upon me still as the man who has deceived you, instead of one who, all his life, has looked up to you as father, friend, adviser," said Morris, earnestly. "ThatI have loved Lucy is my only sin against yon. Will younot look over that?" ■ "Will you do me a, favor?" asked John Woodhatch, suddenly.. . Anything—everything—that is in my power." Yes." : "When you go away to-morrow take Fladge with you. "Eladge!" " When you have began the world for yourself, find a humble corner in it for him; he has been your friend, and served yon well .from your point of view. And yon mast not be ungrateful." "I am quite willing, sir. But ——" •• "'Gome forward, Fladge, and thank him. Don't stand glaring there, lad," said John Woodhatch. - . It was Keuben Fladge who. had knocked softly without, and then crept into the room,, true to his; time, only, a moment since, ana when Morris was standing with his. hack to ' him. Fladge had closed the door behind him, , ^nd-atood still at tiie mention of his name,: - with;the fingers of his right, hand pressed ^against his -teeth in a" highly nervous manner. - In the distance he lobked as white and soared as if-a ghost were facinghim; and his other hand; groped backwards: in Bearish'-of "'the handle of the door,; whichhe was half in clined to open again, and then fly .shrieking into the passage. But when he had heard ;and comprehended John,Woodhatch's mean? - •: ing and Morris's answer; with-a. cry tike a - wild animal's, he ran forward and fell upon his knees in front of his master^ clasping him roiindwithtrembling hands. " Oh, don't send me away,"for mercy's sake, anything hat that, sir. . Don't send mbfrom the farm, don't—don't," he cried. ...r ; ;, " Hush, you;are making toomach noise, Fladge, -Get tip,"said Woodhatch, backing a step or two in order to disengage himself frrim,fRfln^fln,o nlnfrtli •• Vinfr nnltr riwiitffinr* f.fiA fronfBenben's clutch, but only dragging the his knees along: with ungainly youth upon his knees along him.;: " "Nottill you say you have forgiven me, and I may stop. For God's love, master, let me stop with you. Pray, do." ^ _...... . • John Woodnatoh reached.out hia-big hand, andpatted tbe rough 'head'of the suppliant . as he might have done a dog's, and said— > . " It is fbr your good, Fladge; and.yon like Morris." " V, ~ , , =. "I shall always hate .mm. now," he cried, ■ looking back at Morris withbglancevery ex-' ■prcssive of his.assertion-r"he led me on, and: ': ^ gave memooeyiand ';~9B£pS9£ -watch you and everybMy^-ahd I hate him* There!" : - v; .• .* y >. ■ " Ho will be your friend."' - "No—he won't. No, he won't!"' , " " And Fladge, you must*~go away from here," said John Woodhatch very firmly, " I have quite made'up my mind aboutit," - " -don't say it ."said his mi to his feet,' went back to the watt and leaned .against it, pant : ing hard as though he had been running. He never took his gaze from the; masters face until all had been said,-and he had under* stood all. i - /.GO/ "I,have no ill will against; you, Fladge," said -John 'Woodhatch."I; am "going" to - transfer you to one in whose service you will he useful,—if r you are notj I will pay your wsgesinsteadofMorrishere." /o "Eladge.-will-he uBefnl-enongh, sir," said Morrir, Vhe and I will get on together very ' welh'l - * c. Fladge.didnotlook towards him.anddidnot seem io.hear^ He was awaiting his sentence: of banishment: from the: master, and consola* tioniromithelips of . Morris Brake was of no benefit or comfort to him. 0 . . \- "Berhapsyou don't know good from harm so welhas 'most folkj" said John Woodhatoh, : "and it didnot seem-so great a fault to plot with: himagainstme." - :. i " "Not against you/sir," cried Morris Brake atthis. .r • - • ■ J'lv.think.it.was;/.At;all events ybttwere: both deceiving me. and that was'like a plot. .; Andk"fie continued,-*-like a wrong—which I': I have-forgiven." :o rv' r • . ; : : - v". j Fladge'left his place by the wall and came: on again with hands outstretched:: For*, giveness at least he-cbmprehendedi r.--x-. ;j " Butbearing you no ill will," added John I Woodhatch, /-'hoping to. be the friend of j both.of yon,-.still I would set you as far apart from my life as it is possible.: I could not see under .my roof eitheryou or Morris -Brake, Fladge—I could not bear tomeet either of yon daybyday, andeverytimel met you .to think -this, one: worked in the dark against mex You must go.", v .- - ' " CM .master," wailed forth Fladge," what was.I before you knew me—whatshall I be again ?' " " You' are almost a man—you know right from wrong—you will keep strong,, now, Fladge." ; : r .. • "Not if you.drive me from this house," was the Sullen answer. ; "You-willgo away to.-morrow," answered Woodhatch, sterhly. c Yes, there were some things which Johir Woodhatch never forgave,, it appeared—and they .-were sins against himself!; He waa no hero—hardly a good man when his pride was touched, .thought Morris Brake, as he moved towards the door, followed by Fladge. The: interview. :was over, the decree of banishment had been promulgated, and there weretobegreat changes at Farm Forlorn greater than any of the three were dreaming of iixthathoiuv Morris opened the door, and Fladge,- munching .. again at his finger tips, slouched, after him. There was a hurried scufflingin the corridor,' the slamming: of a door somewhere near, and Morris stepped out quickly: Butthe oil lamps had- been: ertin tinsuished for the nigbt, and all was dark without*. / - ' ' T "There, are -more watchers and eaves* droppers on the premises," said Morris, turning to John Woodhatch again. . " I don't think so," was.the master's. reply, as he took his old seat by the fire." - "Nome one harried down the passage just now," said Morris, "Iwould swear to that." ".Carlo.is loose," replied the farmer. "Sois Mrs. Ghadderton,"muttered Morris, , shrugging his shoulders, then ina lQUdertone " Good night, sir." "..Good night, 'Morris;. You will let me know to-morrow where you are." " Yes, 8m Thank you.". ".Thank, you I"-he added, with emphasis; good night, Fladge." "God Mess yon, master," was the answer, in lieu of the nsualresponse, and then the door closed and John .Woodhatch was alone. . (To.becontinued) > 