MELBOURNE HUNT CLUB RACES. ? (FBOK OBB OWN C0REE3P0SDEKT.) Melboubke, Thursday Night, "the Autumn .Meeting of the above dnb took place tc-day under more favorable conditions to weather than' could have been anticipated early in Ute -morning, for after a oold and wet forenoon, theeky cleared up and proved comparatively mild and fine. The- attendance, considering the-counter attractions of the review, the football matches, and the athletic sports on. the Melbourne cricket ground., was very good,, al though the fair sex were conspicuous by their absence, there being but a sparse array of female costumes even in the grand stand. The various events were well contested, and a very enjoyable afternoon was (experienced by tbose present. The following were thecvents:— Hcbdle Race.—A handicap of 50 sovs. One mite and a half and a distance. Mr IL Betty's b f. Stormbiid, aged. Set 71b (Wall) Mr JacobN eh m Mem-maid, 5 vra,10»t (Huht).. Mr J. Lsjrtoa's cfa g Wild Han?, 6 yrs, lOst (Kcobie) S The fullowing trio also started:—Black Prince, Musidora, and Tandarook. Betting—Even on Wild Harry, 3 to~l agst others. Tandarook, in close company with Stormbird, made the running for about three parts of the distance, and all the others well up, except Musidora, who brought np the rear, and was evidently out of the race long before it was over. Before reaching the laBt turn Black Prince came down and Tandarook dropped back to fourth plaice. Coming np the straight a sharp contest ensued between Stormbird and Merry maid, the former winning by a neck. Time, 3 min 16$ sec. Queen's Birthday Stakes.—A handicap of 50 sovs. Three-quarters cf a mile. Mr W. Bailey's b c Bgerton, 3 yrs, fat <Hb (Gagban) - .. 1 Messrs Bobertsou aud Wagaez's h c Welcome Jacfc, t yrs. But 61b (Hej-itani) .. .. .. 2 Hr A. Saqui's b g Squireen, 4 yrs, Sst 131b (Walker).. ... .. 3 . Tbe following also Btarted;—Wizard, Verdure, Westbury, Zephyr, Bonny Bee, Castaway, Tantaliser, Queen Mary, Rooftree, Her Majesty, Omelette, and Murrnmboog. Betting—1 to 1 Verdure or Queen Mary, 5 to 1 Castaway, 6 to 1 Her Majesty, 7 to 1 At the Ml of the flag Her Majesty tfaa first away, closely followed by Tantaliser, the two leading almost neck and neck for the first 500 yards or so. They then fell bade, Egerton coming to the front, and Welcome Jack as a close competitor for winning' honor*, the former passing the judge's box a length in advance, Squireen being a fair third. Time, 1 min. 1U sec. Opes Steeplechase—A handicap of 100 \- sovs. Two miles and a half. Mr W. Bailees eh g Vaulter.e yn, lost 1Mb (ScObie) .. .. .. .. ... .. .. 1 Mr i. Denan's bi h Black JackS, 5 jjs, Sst Ulb - (WOliasis) .. .. g Mr B. Bone's h g Stampede, aged, sst, (Mleod) S Tbe other starters were Alhaiuora, Msgic, Magician, and Peter. Betting—Even on Alhambra, 3 to 1 Vaulter, 4 to 1 Magic, 6 to 1 others. After a good even start. Black Jacket led over the first fence, with Magic, Alhambra, and Vaulter following, and in that order Black r Jacket lengthened his' lead ; but there was little or no farther change in the aspect of affairs until -Peter fell in'the first round. Much the same order was still preserved till half the ceoond round was over, when Alhambra and Magic both' fell, at the same fence. Magic shortly afterwards dropped out cf the race, and Stampede lost - so much ground as to leave the contest entirely between Vaulter and Black Jacket. Tbe latter made a good fight np to the straight, when Vaulter passed him and won easily by four lengths, Stampede third. Time, 6 min. 19i sec. - Cohikthias .Flat Race.—A welter handi- cap of 1 sov each for starters, wit)} 50 sovs added. Open to all horses. To be ridden by members or hou. members of the Melbourne Hunt Club, the V.R.C., or V.A T.C. Three quarters of a mile. Mr A. Dalies' ch g Lidoington,' 3 yrs, list (Mr W. Olasrcoct .. .. 1 Mr F. Jones' ch h The Ghost, 5yrs, list (Mr C. F. Fraser) .. S Mr Summons' b c King Cbarlos, 3 jrs, list (Mr C lattersall) £ The following also started :—Sonneteer, Chevy Chase, Brenda, Bonny Bee, Boatman, and Mary. Betting—2 to 1 Liddington, 3 to I Ghost, S to 1 King Caarles. The run up the straight was very evenly performed, and all finished well up; Teddington beatingThe Ghost by a bare neck, with but little more difference between the latter and King Charles. Time, 1 min. 1SJ sec. . | Selling Race, of 50 sovs. The winner to be sold for £100. Weight for age, with selling allowance. Four furlongs. Any surplus over selling price to goto the funds of the club. Mr S. Milltr'a s h e Anagram, S yrs (Olds) Mr A. Davies' ch F. Licidington, 2 yra (U'limia). Mr J. a. Bsid's bi g Cuuar, 4 yrs (Sbalford) . The other starters were Sonneteer, Westbury, Murrnmbong, Drumstick, and Nymph. Betting—Even on Liddington, 2 to 1 Anagram. Westbury led to the carriage paddock, when Anagram went to the front and kept his position till the finish,not withstanding a gallant attempt by Liddington to sustain the reputation gained in the previous race. Won by a couple of lengths, with Ceesar an indifferent third. Time, 50& sec. Tbe winner was bought in by the owner for 75 guineas, and Liddington was knocked down to Mr Pearson for 130 guineas. FtTi:.-G fcTAKES.—Ahandicap of 50 sovs. Five furlongs. Squireen .. .. 1 Ccwar .. .. .. .. ..2 Sir Charlee s Beating a field of nine" others. Time, min. f sec. This brought a very good day's racing to close; but the lateness of the hour at which the last event was ran rendered it impossible to give a detailed description of the running, as there was scarcely daylight enough to distinguish the colors. 