NORTH EASTERN NOTES., [From our own Correspondent.] Branxholm, on the north-east bank of Horseshoe Bend of the Ringarooma, is 12 miles from Moorina, l8 from Scottsdale, and 9 from Upper Ringarooma township. There is a large surrounding of good agricultural land, besides the vicinity of such deep allu- vial tin ground as the Arba, and a number of working claims as the Ibis, Golden Age, Ruby Flat, Welcome, New Native Youth, Westbury, Hit or Miss, Forest Estate, Blacksmith's Hit, Fancy Flat, etc., all in various stages of progression, and all but two worked by Chinese labour. Davern's Hotel is an exceedingly com- fortable and well-kept hostelry, which I duly appreciate after some rather rough ex- periences at Windtown, on the North Bro- thers' Home Co.'s ground. The people at the house of accommodation there do not profess to lay out for the class of travellers frequenting the main lines of road, but did their best, no doubt. I don't want to criti- cise. Mr. Jaga has a substantial length of frame building opposite the hotel, divided into house, store, post and telegraph offices. Liberal lettering in loud paint on a shop front, sash, and other parts, renders a mistake as to the purpose of the offices impossible. There are two or three small cottages at Branxholm besides the buildi- ngs mentioned. A home-made bridge crosses the river, and on this side stands the frame- work of a triumphal arch of welcome, par- tially clothed with sad- looking faded fern fronds, in memoriam of a Governor's visit which didn't come off, much to the chagrin and disappointment of the inhabitants, who went out of their way to do His Excellency honour. It looks like a bier waiting for a job. The hostess of our hotel sent to Launces- ton, at some expense, for extras of consum- ables and table equipage. Il homme poopose etc. There have been an unusual number of visitations of earthquake lately. A fowl found dead near mine host's yard, feet up, was supposed to have been jerked into that position, and the ghost shook out of it by the quake. There was nothing out of the common at Moorina last week except what I telegraphed. I am much obliged to the operator there for the exactness with which the message was sent, You would have had it a day sooner only that Bridport could not rouse Laun- ceston, though my copy was in at 8 p.m., town time. Launceston should be called on for an explanation. I see my prognostications re trees at Lower Junction in your May files has been verified fatally. The Brothers' Home neighbourhood is remarkable for the immense deposits of tin and deep ground. The claims I noticed par- ticularly were the North Home, the Brothers, the Triangle, and No. 1 Brothers. There is a similarity of formation, in all which is -a series of decomposed basaltic hills, some rising to 300ft above the river level, through which, except in stony or clayey patches, there is more or less fine tin. In the claims which have been prospected to bottom, such as the No. 1, a fine payable drift of varied depth has been found. The manager of the Brothers' Home was away, so I cannot say much about the claim. To tell the truth, I waa not sorry, for though it is very nice for proprietors and shareholders and speculative gentlemen to read notes regarding mines got up with considerable labour, and which those who know me know they can trust to, I fail to see where the quid pro quo comes in. There is nothing heard yet from Mount Victoria about Mr. Hunkin. He is cither dead or has left the colony for some reason not commonly known. Opinion seems equally divided. The No, 1 Brothers' Home claim consists of 280 acres, of which one 80 and one 40-acre section adjoin each other and join the pre- sent working portion of the claim. The highest part of the hill behind the face is about 300ft. above the river, and when the workings are at this point will give 200ft. perpendicular from the sluicing level. Near the boundary dividing these sections from the Home several shafts have been sunk— one 180ft., through 80ft. of tin- bearing stuff and a fine pebbly wash, clear as sea sand, 20ft. deep, which carries a pound of fine tin to the dish all through. The second shaft is a chain or two away towards the cutting leading to the face. It is 120ft. deep to bottom, and another bottoms at 75ft., and a fourth at 60ft. Mr. Patrick has sunk 20ft. below the sluicing level; the roof or drift dips 2ft. in 1ft. in tho deep ground. Three tons or so of tin were streamed whilst I was there— the first out-put — and three tons more awaited putting through the same process. An idea of the workings may be obtained by fancying a deep irregular gap like a quarry into Knock Lofty hill, only of course the ground is different. It is worked by ordinary ground sluicing, several streams of water pouring over the top of the face and loosen- ing the bottom earth, which passes in a muddy stream through the box at the head of the tail race. Several men are employed breaking the lumps up, piling the stone at the sides, and working the stuff as it passes. The tail race in crescent form is 42 chains long, and has a flume to the river 4ft. wide, 3ft, deep, and having a grade of 3ft. to the chain. It is rippled to catch the tin for five or six chains, and the stream of water so regulated that no tin is lost. Hydraulic piping is on the ground, which as soon as a subsidiary flume is brought up to a point some 80ft. above bottom, will be used for stripping a large body of rotten basalt and clay. A giant nozzlo will be adjusted to the 20-in. pipes, with 140ft, pressure, which will give enough force to break away all this stuff, and send it down the branch race. Clay, stone, and debris will be discharged into tho main tail race beyond the tin-saving ripples. The water supply is from the Cascade River, two miles away. The tin now being obtained pays expenses, and in six or seven weeks Mr. Patrick, the manager, states the claim will pay dividends. It will take four or five years to extend the face to the crown of the hill, and probably a half century to work out what is proved to the present. The streaming shed is admirably arranged, as in faot is everything on tho claim. I notice the men whose duty it is to break down the face near the boundary line place themselves in very dangerous posi- tions. They stand on a single foothold on the nearly perpendicular side of what is practically a cliff of unreliable stuff, and pick it down right and left, working it is true so as to make a plat. I am informed that it is of their own choice they adopt this method, being easier than displacing it in step-like paddocks. There will he a sudden death with immediate burial some day. There is a man here from the Brothers' Home, en route for Launceston Hospital. His leg was broken several weeks since. Tho North Home is 80 acres on the other side of the river. The face is a cutting into the side of a steep hill ; more or less tin is obtained in places up to grass. The deep ground is the best, but cannot be worked at present. It must be attended to after the upper stuff has been all sent through. The water-race of this claim is 18½ miles long, and taps a stream on Scott's property, from whom concessions have been obtained. The tin raised meets expenses incurred to the present. The Triangle, 13½ acres, adjoins. It is being worked very much the same as the other claims, and has very good tin. The water for sluicing is raised by a centrifugal pump worked by steam power. I was shown some very good tin in various parts of this claim. Beswick's freehold adjoins. It seems on the same run, but I did not learn much about it. Tho roads between Moorina and Branx- holm are feet deep of mud, with the excep- tion of a short stretch near each town- ship. Five big strong horses are neces- sary to drag 25cwt. in a dray ; indeed, a sledge would be better than wheels in most parts. I never saw anything to beat it, and, considering the years that a steady revenue has been flowing in from mineral leases, etc., in these districts, I am less in admiration of the Tasmanian native and his long-suffering. He stands it ; nobody else would. Ministers are right in keeping the miner as long as possible without a vote. The hon. the Premier's remark in his speech at Kingston has been read with pecu- liar interest-viz., the remark, " Every ton of tin and every ounce of gold extracted left the ground so much poorer." These words are very remarkable ones for a Premier to use ; words which his bucolic audience (I suppose that must have been the sort) might swallow, but which are bald and trashy, and unworthy of the man who we are told is the smartest living Tasmanian. To raise tin and gold impoverishes the ground? Very good, indeed ! The Premier says in a prior sentence, " That he agreed with a sentiment Mr. Watchorn was reported to have ex- pressed . . . that while indebted to the mining industry for the beginning of the present prosperity , . . the tillers of the soil were the true producers of the country." I say, God help the place if mining don't help it to the end. It is in every legitimate sense untrue that raising of mineral wealth impoverishes the soil, but true to say that the cutting of a sheaf of wheat impoverishes it, despite the " won- derful chemistry of nature;" for to reproduce that sheaf of wheat a principle must be returned to the ground that produced it, Both the gold and the wheat enrich man, however. The wealth being obtained from the ground —mineral wealth— in this district is finding means heretofore non- existent, and is enriching the ground. It is enabling men to meet a contingency they otherwise could not have met. The money is, much of it, being spent in clearing land and preparing it for the " wonderful chemistry of nature " to operate in a manner beneficial to man. Does that impoverish the soil ? It would bo special pleading to recount the blessings enjoyed here through " im- poverishing the ground" of the minerals. The inference intended was probably that by the " wonderful chemistry of nature" and common sense tillage, the " true producers" had a permanent industry, whereas mining had a limit. English, German, North and South American, and general history will bear investigation on these points. One thing is quite certain here, viz , that had it not been for wealth derived from minerals, Mr Watchorn's prognostic, re pastoral absorption, as affecting the agriculturist, would have been simply a matter of time as affecting every interest in the island. It would have become one sheep walk and its inhabitants in time savages. See the roads m Tasmania, and bridges and public works generally. Is it not a fact that the best are in pastoral districts, and that the cost has been voted from the general contribution by King Wool, for his own benefit and the few agriculturists who happened to live on the line of road ? Go back five years and see if it is not so. Look at the exclusively farming districts then, and at the mineral districts now. I wonder the miners don't wake up and organise in their own interests, the farmers and graziers would strengthen them about here, for they are directly dependent on each other From what I know of remarks passed by an hon. Northern member, I anticipate some fun after the 24th, re "the wonderful chemistry of nature" and " the true producer." The horses which draw supplies in and tin out from Bridport and Ringarooma port, and the various claims, are a perfect picture. One team, owned by Harry Prest, consists of four magnificent animals, fit to parade any show-yard in the world. The owner takes a just pride in them, and sets them off to best advantage with superior housings and elbow-grease. Wilson's horses at Branxholm are beauties also. Tho Rev. Father Mary and I met frequent- ly—sometimes in the wild hush passes of this country, sometimes at camps or hotels. My life is hard enough, but his, bar one thing, is harder. I have a family dependent on a precarious calling; he has not. Rain, hail, or snow, he is on the travel, his district reaching from the Devil's Creek, near Fal- mouth, through to Cape Portland He ad- ministers to the spiritual wants of a people spread over Falmouth, George's Bay, Gould's Country, Moorina,, Brothers' Home, Branx- holm, Upper Ringarooma, and within a few miles of Scottsdale on this line, and at Glad- stone, Ringarooma port, Capo Portland, Boobyalla, etc, at various tangents. As regular as the month comes he is at his post, and the sturdy fellows who come to his min- istrations, through hail, rain, and bog, eight and ten milos even, and than trudge back to their miserable camps, are surely a living re- proach to many of our fine-bred town people, who, except in rare cases, are scared from walking over half-a-mile of clean side-walk to church or chapel by a passing cloud. The hon. Mr. O'Reilly this post writes to a friend, in view of his next Friday's journey, Scottsdale to Gladstone, to preside at court, " I do not feel pleasure in view of my enforced journey over our dreadful roads, etc." The ex-Minister is a fortunate man, in possession, of a horse as tall as a camel, which elevates him—bar glue pits—much above the mud. How is it with pedes- trians, think you, or vehicles ? The Scotts- dale coach has just pulled up. Driver, car- riage, and cattle bear evidence of having taken a mud-bath. Branxholm, July 16. 