GRAND NATIONAL NOTIONS AKD "TOUT CELA'S" TIPS. It is very seldom that a meeting of snob importance as the V.R.C. Winter Races, next . Saturday, presents two so diametrically oppo site features— i.e., that each of its principal events should have so hot a fanoy as to oe quoted (at the moment at writing) at 2 to 1 against the one and barely 3 to 1 the other, whilst a large proportion of the other animals opposing these favourites are either utterly uuknown, or else the intentions of their owners are still kept scrupulously dark. Generally speaking, although there may be one animal maintain its position at the top of the poll from first to last, yet two or three others 44 tread on its tail and every now and Lhen a sudden " splash" is made on some outsider, either for market purposes or as a blind to a stable's ulterior intentions. From the moment, however, of Prospect bring supported straight out for the Graud Rational Hurdle, ana Australian uourt late Stag, for the Grand National Steeple — besides the pair bring taken coupled by representa tives of their party— A conviction seemed to settle oa the public mind that "all must be over except the shouting," inasmuch as the Rowling Forest folk seldom make a mistake. ; This firm impression was increased by know ing that whilst the one horse had nothing to complain of, the bendicapper bad fairly thrown the oLher in; nor could the oft- prored polish of the Dowiing Forest trainer be ignored, nor the exceptional ability of the known rider. Seriously speaking, if the "Two Toms" put their dollars on, there is precious little doubt about the double being dangerous. Nevertheless, it must not be imagined from this style of introduction that to my thinking either the little or the big etioks is a moral, for, indeed, I do not entertain such an opinion ; but I cannot shut my eyes to the self-evident fact of the weights for the G. N. Steeplechase bring so inconsistently wlw'rtr) in favour of Australian Court as to justify both Wilson and Gorrigan in assuming he poritively ought to vri. How .la jthe name of common jwnse arid fair -play a hone who tad' ten easily Tiotodouitfcne thaw across country and hurdles in South Aus tralia should be estimated at only 9at. 91b. in Victoria, is a thine 44 no fellah can under stand ! ' And jet this singular letting loose is rendered palpably worse by hurses who have only once gained the judge's eye— snd even maidens end beaten onts— being placed above him, as witness Blackthorn, wilb let. 31b. more; Euohre, 111b. ; Glenara, 10lb., sod Blaok Jacket, 81b. But fault-finding is little use when the damage is dune, and therefore I will nuw do my level best to give the Sportsman's supporters a little informa tion and advice for the oumiug Saturday- premising that the supposed 44 cracks" have come under my own persunal purview. THE MAIDEN HURDLE RAGE has nominally a large field, though most likely about tea will go to the poet. Those who can at onoe be dlsnrieped as highly im probable starters are Prospect, Britisher, tiarwuu, Terminus, sod Parade ; nor does it look feaeible that hU owner will hazard Plunger. From the lot this dismissal leaves in may be named Ontario, The Joker, Matador, and Sparke as the quartette to furnish the winner. The first-uamed, who baa for two years been 44 in lavender" at Dowiing Forest, is a nice sort of nag, being lung, low, and pretty powerful. Ho has never appeared iu publio, is very fit indeed, and will be steered by Currigan. The Joker, who belongs to, and is trained by, that pleasant penciller, Mr. Sam Cook, baa both quality and pace, and is jumping well in private ; but whether or no be con carry bis wetgnt is a very moot. purai. Matador is a seasoned animal, of rare shape, fair speed, and exceedingly well, his prepara tion having been careiully effected by Mr. James Redfe&rn;, at Williatnsiown. Spaiko is a fine class of quadruped, bailing originally from New South Wales, and was at one time a mate of the speedy Sting ; but whether Mr. A. J. Brad sb aw, who has him in band at bia private Brighton track, means stripping hiin this bout is uncertain. Ontario is the pick of the public, but my own choice inclines me to Matador, with Ontario as second etrin . THE MAIDEN STEEPLECHASE will also be reduced from its paper promise ; and of those who may sport silk, so large a proportion are only known as haviog per formed over hurdles as to render it doubtful whether the higher game will suit them. For instance, Lotbair, Buzza, Songster, and Glenara, have several times been seen to more or less advantage, though I can hardly bring myself to believ that Mr. William Bailey will rick to valuable a horse ae Lothair over timber, and Glenara is the only one out of the four whose style has indicated that fences eliould be his forte. Katuoga has been spoken of in certain quarters as a good thing, but judging by hie fencing when following the Ballarat Hounde, he is still too green for the Flemington course. Hailstorm, who looks the making of a grand cross-country competitor, bad a bad fall when practising on Saturday, end must be wiped out; nor did Devil»u... show to sufficient advantage at Caullield, a forlnight since, to be dangerous over a succession of high leaps. The rest are unknown tome, wilb one bright exception, which is Hope ; and eogood a cut ie he of a feifcer — and so well does he jump in his schooling, besides being iu a con dition which reflects credit on the clever Mr. George Glasscock— that I feel it right to Rt.ielc to (.1 1 a nIH nrorprh. and trust to the anchor of Bofb, with Glenara as next choice, if sent. THE GRAND NATIONAL HURDLE RACE will probably have some seven starters, and amougat the absentees will poi-sibly be found Game, Buzz, Lady Hampden, Trumpeter, Terminus, Matador, The Joker, Spirke, Ou- tario, Australian Court, aud Parade. The top weight, L 'thair, is pure to be sent, aud he has been entrusted with a little money hy his spirited owner ; but 12ot. 9>b. mum tell it a tale at the eud of three miles with ereo so grand an animal, and pretty well too. The hot favourite, Prospect, is one of the newest and fittest nags ever seen on the Saltwater Fiat, and 1 must acknow ledge to falling in love with hiin when on a vii-itio BdiLrat last week. The only faultto find is hie email size; but he has both shape and make, nd is the loveliest of jumpers. Barwon ie a sterling good animal, and has had the benefit of Robert Sevior'a care for some time, the go-id of which be evinces by a marked improvement since hie Warraaniboo! form. I learn he jumps kindly, and can etay well, nor is it uulikely that he may cotne into the wagering. Basi lisk will represent Mr. 8am Cook's stable, and be looks on the blooming ride, though I doubt his finding his present tak so easy aa when he ran forward in Sydney. Dizzy, at 9et. 4 lb., reads like what ought to be a moral ; but I am never over-sweet on horses who are privately traiued, and be is a bit above himself. Takiug all things into con sideration, and more particularly the oft "nrnved nuddimr " in reirard to the few mistakes the 41 Two Touis" make, it is impossible for me to pick any other than Pbospect, With Barwon worth watching. THE GRAND NATIONAL STEEPLE CHASE will be reduoed by the retirement, without much doobt, of Simpleton, Lotbair, Cruiser, Bryan O'Lyno, Euchre, Glenara, Fame, Taxaraxacum, Basilisk, Hailstorm, Stam pede, and Hope. This leaves a ronnd dozen to form the field, and the following terse eummiog up will tell what my opinions are abont them individually. Trumpeter's flying style of jumping is too tyring ; Vaulter is a good fencer, but too alow ; Harper Thompson is not the sort for a series of big leaps ; Sailor is a tip-top oross-oountry nag, clever as a oat, with a fair dat-h of foot, aud in double the oondition he has ever yet been seen in pablic ; though Chrysalis is well, she always fails towards the close of a journey ; Obadiah was a great pot of mioe till just re cently, bat I regret to hear wbispere of 44 a leg" interfering with his work ; Black Jaoket is a right good sort, but out-dossed; Lizeite is a lovely fencer, though taking too far to be safe ; Australian Court, as before observed, is fairly (or rather un fairly) obuoked in at Out. 91b., and canoot be beaten without a mishap, which mishap may possibly happen through his ooming too timidly, or else too rashly, at the fiigbt of rails, which have twioe brought him to grief ; of Manner and Trigger there is nought to remark. Putting this and that together, and knowing to my cost how seldom red-hot favourites land their backers money, I leei oompeuea 10 nave two strings to my two, and shall go for Sailor or Australian -Court. The Selling Hard Is Raoe is too slippery to touch, and touching THE FLAT RACE, it would be had judgment not . to go for ft performer like Tax Ghost, though if Odd Trick go to the poet he will yn«Vn good fight in so heavy ft handicap. Tw» Melbourne Hunt Club hare issued their programme for the Bpriog Meeting. The date fixed is 6th October, and the pro gramme is -almost exactly the same es last year, consisting of the Hurdle, of 20 eovs. f Selling Raoe, of 60 vova. ; the Hunt Club Cnp.of 60 sore, and a Cup valued at 60 so vs. ; th» Flying Stakes, of 60 nova., for two-year- olds; the Open Steeplechase, of 100 eovs. ; and the Handicap Flat Raoe, of 60 eovs. The other particulars interesting to owners and trainers will bo found under the head of Baaing Fixtures and in the advertisement. I The Hawkeebury Handicap first payment of 3 nova, in due before 4 p.m., on Tuesday, 24lh iut., and those who neglect to forward . their money will be 44 out in the cold." Fall particulars of the different stakes for the two days' running are now put forth, and are on the usual generous scale. A coople of novelties appear for the second afternoon, the Disposal Sukea of six furlongs, which has selling conditions, and a Ladies' Bracelet race. For the Utter event, which has now become extremely popular, there are valu able bracelets given to the fair ones who nominate the three placed horses. General entries are on 1st August. The Sale events require attention the day afterto-morrow (Friday, 20th inst.), as nomi nations then close for the Hurdle Race, Steeplechase, and Flat Handioap. This being the first occasion of the leading Gipps- land Club giving a Winter Meetiog, and the programme being generously devised, owners of horses should be equally liberal io afford ing their support in order to encourage the promoters in their spirited undertaking. The Bairnedale Club have brought their raoee forward nfiay In consequence ot the first chosen date beiog the same an the Municipal Election, and the meeting wilt now come off oo Wednesday, 8th August. Entries f»rthe Hop-Growers' Handicap, Publican' Purse, and Hurdlea cloee on Saturday, 28th inet., and it ie to be hoped that a goodly number of the horses visiting Sale the previous week may have another 44 cut in" at the rising wwuauip lunuer uu. \ji iuumi eu|ipurt> uie worthy Bairnedaliane may rest assured. Tub Geelong fixture having been wisely postponed until 9ih August, a change was naturally necessary in the day of nomination, which is now advertised fur Thursday, 26ih instant, being to-morrow- week. Tnose stables who may have suffered disappoint ment at the Flemington Grand National Meeting on the 18tb, or whose hordes may have met with a mishap, will thus be allowed ample time to deccide upon another try, and for their nags to " suffer a recovery." Tub Clarence River Races, which form a very popular meeting in New South Wales, were run last Wednesday and Thursday, fioe weather favouring the club throughout, and the pecuniary results therefore satisfactory. On the first day, the Maiden Piate resulted in a dead-beat between Aimie and Ferryman, the mare winning the deoider with ease; snd the Clarence Derby proved a gift to Arunrlel. On the second afternoon Byron won the J.C. H-tndicap without trouble, in a field of only six, the tiiue for the two miles being pretty fair, viz., 3m. 3Uj,s. Tub Rockhampton Meeting (Queensland) also came off last Thursday, aud sems to have been quite suocescful, according to our 6bort telegraphic account. The Maiden Plate proved a gift to Caducia, ae one of the competitors bolted, and the other riithered ineide a poet ; the Purt Curtis Handicap was won at his ease by Rioter, with Ada- mantean second. Mobtlaxb had a meeting last Wednesday, the local sports doing their level best to make it a success, but tbe weather being agaiuat a large attendance, though the wet held off. Ladybird wou the Maiden Plate ; Turpin the Turf Club Haudicap ; Toprail the Hurdles ; Geutle Anuie the Trot ; and Bottomrail the Hack Race. Both ToDruil and Battumrail beloog to tbe s&tne; owner, Mr. Henry, and are mighty strongly con trasted in names. The Deniliquin Show Week raoes are run to-day, and ihe accptanoea should be sufficient to make a goud meeting, for the entries were very numerous fur Ibis period of the season. There is to bs an extra afternoon's sport at the eod of the week. Weights for the Jvrilderie'race- meeting, which cotne off exactly a week after D-niliquic, appear in our present issue, aud i>eem to have been carefully apportioned by Mr. George Vowles, who has acted as handi- onpper. Several of tbe horses entered for the cue place are also engaged at the other, so that owners have twochaucesof earning winter oats. The lovers of cross-country work io Taeuiauia have got up another Steeplechase at Cauipbelltown, to come off oo the 14>h of September, and the entry has closed with 18 hurses. The affair has been kept very dark this side of the e' raits, or el»e tbtre is no doubt some of our Victorian jumpers would have been uominated, as the nr»t prize is £200, and tbe st-cmd £25. However, we have oce representative after all, Mr. W- J. Martin having ' got wind" of tbe affair and engaged Albambra in it. Other animals formerly owned in this colony are also on the list, as will be seen in the usual column devoted to such information, but the only proved jumper over big timber is Kanaka. Pyrrhus bus hitherto only been known on the flat, and Newmarket over hurdles. ijxT&iEs; ior tue ,a.aeiaiae jttasing uiuo s annual winter raoes, which take place on the 4th and 6th August, are due next Monday, 23rd iast., and the programme appears in our advertising columus, There is a capital mixture of jumping aud flat items, and the first two-year-old event of tbe Australian turf season is included in the " correct card." Some of the stakes are on a very handsome eoale, the G.N. Hurdle Race having 150 sovs. added, tbe G N. Steeplechase 200 sovs., Fulham Park Plate (for youngsters) 250 Sovs , aud tbe Duke's Handicap 100 sovs. Fur such payable prizes there should be good fields, and a trial be tween their two-year-olds so early in tbe raciug year should give our friends in the southern colony a line for their Victorian engagements. The South Australian Jookey Clnb have already announced its Spring dates, the 1st and 3rd of September being chosen. This is sooner than nanal, and clashes with Raud- wick ; but our cousins aoross the boAlw are quits wise in making the ohange, inasmuoh as it will eoable the local stables to find out within reasonable time which of tbeir repre sentatives are worth bringing over for any Flemington engagements. Moreover, neither the Adelaide horses nor the Adelaide men are personally interested in the N.8.W. events, and our own bookmakers can well afford a contingent in both plaoes. Mb. Sail Coxhwfeltitneoeesary to still further postpone the opening of bis new Mooney Valley oourse till the 15lb Septem ber, fay which time the newly-sown grass will have sufficiently awarded. It is far first impressions go a long way, and indiffer ent turf on ihe first occasion would be a drawbaok it might take months to reoover. The bill of fare for the afternoon will oonsiat of six varied events -i.e., Maiden Plate, Hurdle Raoe, Selling Race, Asoot Handicap, Steeplechase, and Volley Handicap. Tub Bendigo Jookey Club hu taken the precaution to secure their annual summer fixtutk in time, a referenoe to oar oarefully- ooaipilni Racing Arrangements showing that tbe 28tb and 29tb November bave been chosen, tbns beiug quite clear this time of the Wagga gathering. This evinces good forethought on the part of the new aeoretary, Mr. Roberta. The Amateur Turf Club has made ft eenrible and beoefloial change in the pro gramme for tbe 18th August, ft Seven Fur longs Handicap, value 100 eove., having been introduced, and the Selling Race lessened to 60 eovs. Horae-owofcre feel gratefnlfor this consideration, as winter oats are oostly ; and the Oanl&eld; trainers "shake hands with themselves,' besides feeling muchly inclined to sqneese lb- Bond's 41 flipper" like wire. Those tnetaUicians «ho intend plying their pencils on The Hill, at Flemington, are noti6ed that they will have to pay an annua! fee of £10 10s. ; snd applications for the privilege — accompanied by testimonials and the requisite cash— most be sent at once to tbe V.R.C. secretary, aud ouly those ' passion musfer " will be allowed to wager at the Grand National meeting on Saturday. Booehaeesb in general are also notified through these columns, at the request of Mr. A. M'Millan— secretary to Sale Turf Club— that £1 will becharired for the privilege of bettiog at the Sale Winter Races, which fee includes free entrance to the saddling pad dock. Mb. R. K. Maxtland, who has been sin gularly unfortunate with his horses since hia sojourn here, left by the Mail Steamer Siam yesterday, for Bombay. It will be seen that onr old friend Trump Toss has succeeded in placing the P»rt Augusta Cup to his credit. He carried Sat. 71b., the top wright, and won in a earner hy six lenirths. Tbe favourite, Prince Patrick, could get no nearer than third, beiDg beaten ahead by Brigand. A London- sporting journal says u Some one has taken the trouble to investigate the list of Derby winners, with the view of ascertaining the trade, professions, and nationalities represented by the euccesrfnl horees, and he has discovered the following interesting facte 4 Tbe winners of the blue riband of the turf have been a Hermit, two Saints, a Pop®, an Ancient Briton, a Rod Indian, a Greek, a Trojan, a Gladiator, a Flying Dutchman, an Iri.-hinan, an Aus tralian, a Sailor, a Lapdcg, a Spaniel, a Cossack, a Swede, an Ambassador, a Bar barian, a Pru-eian Field Marshal, and a Heathen God ' " Were the same sort of in .uisiti'ju applied to the moat famous of Australian turf eveote, tbe Melbourne Cup, sume equally opposite, instead of sppa-t'e, nomenclatures wo ild be apparent. Fur ioUnce, within a very few years, we have had an Archer, a Banker, an Irieh Rebel, a Warrior, a Moor, a Quack, a Don Juau, a Greek Goddess, a French Fop, a Zulu, and an Assyrian. There, now! Methinks my list also presents a pretty considerably mixed lot. Corxolanus — who has proved vneb a costly disappointment in public to our sporiing Indian visitor, Mr. Maitlnod, though giving sucb rattling trials in private — has be.m privately sold to that irrepressible purchaser who now possesses Sting, Mistaken, Gbo»t, Transferred, The Stag, and numerous other proved performers. The price was 400 guineas, being just half of what his late owner gave for him shortly after his Cham pion Race victory ; and, if the faorse only pulls off one of the eventR for which he is now entered, this modi-rate cost should be readily balanced on the right side. It is a strange instance of playful paradox that, although Curiulanus Las joined a 44 strong string," he has yet gone into a Wetken' stable 1 Weak stable. D'ye see it f Some of the English oricketers lately form ing part of the team whovibited Australia to recover certain "ashes" seem to be showing good form this season, at home, and the following from an English paper will be read with interest.asit relates a verv extraordinary incident of our naliooal game 4,On Mon day last tbe Tykes paid their first vi- it to the metropolis this season, their antagonists being a strong team of the Marylebone Club the strongest that has been put in , the field as yet. The fixture was limited to two days, it being & practice at head -quarters to leave the Derby-day a blank, poceiblv in order to admit of the Fourth Estate beiug present at Epsom Down, the M C.C. bring notable for th« ir courtesy to that body. This was quite sufficient, however, to bring the contest to a definite conclusion, the Tykes proving victorious by ten wicket-. If the play on tbe opening day was tame and mediocre, the fiui-n at any rate proved ' sensational. The Club having scored 125 and 113, against Yorkshire's 121, left the latter 118 to get to win, a task which Ulyett and Ernmett essayed at a quarter-pa6t one. Both were in rare form, and on a fast wicket scored rapi- ily. Change after change in the bowling was tried, but to no purpose, and shortly before four o'clock Yorkshire was oredited with victory without the loss of a wicket! Both batsmen played perfect cricket, whilst of tbe others menrion may be made of Hall, C. T. Studd, Barnes, and Hornby. Dr. Grace was for ones a frost both with bat and ball, the more successful with the latter being Barnes, Rylott, Bates, Peate, and the youngster Peel. In carefully looking through my latest English files, for the purpose of gleauing any interesting or amusing turf facts for the Spohtshan's naders, the following funny fact, hither o unknown to me, met my eye in a Derby article from that chatty scribe who contributes under rhe name of 44 Vigilant" to our Loudon namesake: — 41 Apropos of Coronation, I should like to know how many oatch-bets hare been made about him. At his date, horses took thei ages from tbe let of May instead of from the 1st of January, as at present is the case, attd the bets were that there was a horse which won a race aa a two-year-old and the Derby in the same year. And this is a fact, fur Coronation, it happened, was tbe winner of a two-year-old raoe at Warwick, in tbe spring of 1841, and afterwards won tbe Derby in tbe summer." We have had an equally extraordinary circumstance in our own Australian annals — although not a record of a win at two ages in tbe same racing year— for Fireworks scored three Derbys in the one season, two of tbem being at different V.R.C. meetings, owing to a change in conditions of the raoe. Another raoiog committee has declined— and very naturally so — to endorse the die- qualification of Mr. C. S. Agnew, the Midland Jockey Club in Tasmania not approving of the singular prooeeding of tbe Launoeston body. There is a whisper that tbe Western steeplechase mare, Lizette— who certainly ought tohave won the last Warm ambool chase —will be objected to on the ground of haviug r n in a country race not duly advertised in the Offioial Calendar. This matter should be cleared up at onoe, as she is a likely sort of animal, and has been selected several times by tbe outride pnblio. I reoolieot bearing tbe eame thing mooted when attending the above meeting, and fancy the laches was fl&i; d to have been com- hora of the Rnro bas been placed in tbe hands of Mee-rs. Yuille and Co. for diaposal, Mr. James Wilson not being able to make any further use of him, as he has preserved so many ehoioe fillies, of the beautiful bav'e siring, for hie select breeding stud. The successful Stockwell stallion, St. Albans, has, therefore, been pnrohased to take the place of the ehrewd Yorkshire trainer's whilom favourite ; and whoever beoomes tbe future owner of an entire who begot each sterling oelebritlee as First Ring and Petrea may look forward to future fame If the horao be only righted mated. In oonning over the published result of the late Grand Prix, for the sake of eering whether the Derby winner, St. Blaite, had started— which he didn't, though first favourit6| aa stated elsewhere— the notable fact struck me that, out of tbe nineteen horeea who went to the poet, eighteen were ridden by English jookeya. The only owner who pot up a French rider had two other animals in tbe raoe, both steered by professionals Iran 44 Berjlds Albion.'. . It is very seldom that the pnblio fancy of an IrLh jumping striog wios, and especially oo in that verywHppery stable presided over by Mr. Linde, and for which tbe brothers Beasley ride as, gentlemen jocks 4t by cour tesy," However, one of tbeir bones, called Too Good, baa just gaiued the great Pari Scefpltcliase, despite beiog first favourite ; and whnn tbe telegraphic news reached Dub lin many doubtful backer thought it 44 too good to be true." (Ahem !) The S-iuh Australian Attorney-General seems to have a terrible down on the pencil ling fraternity, the following c!au«t, which be has introduced into tbe Repeal of the Totalizator Act, being 44 a settler" for both layer and taker: — 44 That every person bet tiog or offering to bet by way of wagering or gaming iu any public place, or any place to which the pnblio are admitted, whether ou payment of uumey or otherwise, or iu any such place getpsg up or taking part in any eweepr-tukee, aboil be liable to a peualty <>f not lower than 40., nor higher than £100, aud on a scund uffeuce to be convicttd ua a rogue and vagabond within the meaning of the Police Act." If this tyrannical edict he carried, tbe kuell of tbe South Australian Turf tuay be tolled at once. Dire Hatteraick has been supported by Mr. S. Barnard, aud several South Austra lian admirers, to such ao extent that he now rank a good a favourite as anything for the Melbourne Cup. Considering ibut he in Vu'Turiao namesake — for 7at. 101b. is no trifle for a three-ytnr-old to carry in even a 44 deadly heavy' handicap — this spirit of speculation eeems rather ra-h, goud cult as he has hitherto shown himeeif. Sovb painted photographs of that crack performer, Darebin. have been produced by yuung Mr. Fred Woudbouse— a chip eff a mot worthy blu-k — and ih«»y give the noble son of The Peer and Lurliue 44 to the very life." This excellrnt work was dune at tbe pirticuLr oider of Merer. Guerdun aud Talbot, of Ta-mauia, who owned the nobJe animal uutil became into th porsesriuu uf the Hun. E. E. Cox, at a high figure, fur the FcftihiU Stud. A highly respected official of the A.J.C. , several years agune, ha jat " joint d the majority " in tbe person uf Mr. Buchan TbumpNOQ, onne the secretary of the lea-Jtog oluh in New South Wale. He tuuk a great deal of iiiterert iu the turf, and had a sound knowledge or huree-fleah. Verily, to quote a plaintive oil sung, "There's a change from the old to the new." Two pretty well-known hordes are leaving tbe post fur the paddock, and both of them retire from the iiet of hurdle-racer. Dbur- ritighile hits already gone to oue of Lis owner's stations at the far north, and Barw"D will be delivered to his recent purchaser, Mr. John Tyson, so soon as the Grand National Meeting it over. Robert Pece's ev<?re sentence has been cauceiled by the Jockey Club at hume, he having wijtten to Meoers. "Weaihtrby that he "didn't cuine fur to go fur to mean anr harm." A good deal ot adverse coram n't wa- pofSedby the Euglinb pro-s ou the Larch- ni-tjo of the puui-huirut fur an act which merely sbuwed a bit of temper, for the cuu- thia eminent and much-respected traiuer had all liia iiomiuRiiuna bren cancelled, as he had burses engaged at moet of the priucipai meetings of the beason. Tna sweeping demand made by the Jockey Club rc Mr. Ridujali's aiuniugs Iihs ulsu nut met approval from those b.-st quihfied to pacs an opiuiou on cuch matter, tb-y seeming tu think that Rule 50, under which the New- market autoorais have acted, has been strain d. Tot- fiat of the N.J.C. Stewurde, a publicLed iij the R-tciug Calendar, wu a follow 44 The owner ot Briiliaufy having b-eu waroed off Newmaikri H-ath, uuder Rule \ all money and prizrc won by Biil- luuct it aoy meeting during Mr. Ridmall owmr.hip inuet he returned tu the stake holders for the persons entitled to the 6arae." The Rule itself is thus worded 44 If a pereou shall be disqualified for any fraudulent practice in reiatiou to a particular horse, wholly or partially belonging to him, suuh horse shtll be perpetually dicqualifiid fur all races, and euch person shall return all mo&eya; or prizes a hich euch lioree bus won in any race at any meeting." Should the preceut offender comply with the order made agaiust him, he w.»ufd have to refund the stakes for Sume tight different races honestly won by Lib ware, and the owners whose ho'ses rao second to biin are supposed to receive tbe yielded amounts. But "dout they wish they may gel it?" whistles the recalcitrant RadmalL Freu Abcheb, the money-makfog Englhh jock, doe sot let the grag grow under his leet, for I note that iu the course of six dayn ak.'uniujuiui, xyjucasier, Qnnaown, and Pari. This is travelling, if you like. By -the- bye, this pet of the public has bren getting iuto hot water lately. Some time since, I published particular of his beiDg complained against for a bit uf foul riding at Newmarket, aud it seems that he was repri manded at Epsoui for not keeping an engage- meut at Hurpendcn, besides being hauled over the coala iu Paris for an alleged jostle. 44 A pitcher may go 'to the well once too often," quoth au old saw. It is a noteworthy coincidence, and a seriuua warning to breeder, that tbe only animals taking part io the late Epsom Derby and Oaks who are not engag-ri in three L'ger happen to be the actual winners of the two classic events, St. Blaise aud Bonny Jean. 44 You never oan tell," you know. 