THE NEW HEBRIDES. LIFE ON TANNA. FROM OUR SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT "THE VAGABOND." PORT RESOLUTION, Sept. 15. . I shall always look back with pleasure to my last day spent on board the Caledonia previous to casting myself ashore on the cannibal island of Tanna. In my youth I re- member being hushed to sleep with the lyric legend of "Hokey Pokey Winky Wum," who preferred his potatoes cooked "with their jackets on," being the "King of the Cannibal Islands ." The sequitur was never quite clear to me. However, to-morrow I am to be left for many days, it may be weeks, anong people who are yet actively eaters of human flesh. And there is not one "Hokey Pokey," but one hundred. One chief I might conciliate, as the missionaries in Fiji did Thakambau, but who can say how many of the hundred and odd head men of Tanna may not cast hungry glances at my toothsome body, for I flatter myself I should prove good eating. There is no mistake about these Tannese. All authority from the days of Captain Cook proves that they are the most intractable people in Western Polynesia. The Fijians were mildness itself compared to them. The great navigator had to overcome them with his cannon, and from the days of John Williams, in 1839, till 1862, missionary after missionary had to "abandon the field" and flee for then lives, and white traders, who don't count for much in history, have been killed here by the score. . It is Sunday, but, like King Rufus, who rode to his fate in the New Forest, the na- ives of Port Resolution hold "the day in scorn." The decks are crowded in the morn- Ing, although the tinkle of the churchbell has summoned to prayers these traffickers, whose only thought is to obtain tobacco and knives. Mare Sam, our second mate, has, however, put on his best clothes, and gone ashore to listen to or expound the gospel. He is reputed to be very powerful in prayer, although one of the crew of a labour vessel. But the first commander of the mission ship Dayspring was an old blockade- runner, and presumedly a sympathiser with Southern rights and institutions ; and Dr. Murray, of "Carl" notoriety, I am assured by one who knew him well, was a religious fanatic, who prayed and preached with great enthusiasm, ashore and afloat, and also on board the vessels he used in kidnapping. I early get an idea of the anything but guileless nature of the Tannaman by this traffic on board ship. The natives bring very skinny fowls, yams of a good size, and cabbages grown from seed brought from Queensland, for which they want "plenty tobacco" or knives, asking about ten times what they would get from the trader ashore. One venerable old man, so wise and benevolent looking, but, oh ! so dirty, approaches me with a "mummy apple," and asks ten sticks of tobacco for it, when one stick should purchase five ! They get their match, however, in the Malabar cook. He beats the sellers down to the lowest market price ; he is as mean a man at a trade as you would wish to meet with. Sometimes the natives will come aft and complain to the captain. He sends them back to the cook, who then offers half what he did before. No women, however, come on board here. Trade over, the visitors have a good feed of rice, remains of our "boys'" breakfast, and then they go all over the ship, except the cabin. They admire the Win- chester repeating rifle, which accidentally has been left lying on the poop, and the initiated who have served in boats' crews explain to their companions the mysteries of the various ropes. One thing which first strikes me with these people is that their chests are con- tracted, and the youths and boys appear con- sumptive. One very decent looking man, who is a striking exception to the rest, in that he wears pants and a shirt, comes on board and wants to ship to Noumea. He and his wife have both served in Queensland. She is very sick now, and wishes to get away to where she can obtain better food. After a course of good living in the colonies, they can neither of them exist on the island diet of yam and taro. They would have been willing recruits to any labour vessel coming round. The man is engaged at the rate of £3 a month, and his wife given a passage to Noumea, where she can obtain an easy situa- tion. . Firing is going on all the day long, as if from the outposts of two armies. A Tanna- man believes in using his rifle. As in old days he would hurl his spear into the water or against a tree in pure lightness of heart, so now he shoots at fowl and fish or anything which he can kill. George, the mate, kills with the Winchester a very line fish, some- thing like a schnapper, which the cook makes into a bouillebaisse for dinner, over which the captain and I air our knowledge of Thacke- ray. He has been ashore in the afternoon, and returns with the advice that I must not sleep in the new grass hut, as the fresh broken ground is sure to breed miasma. I must sling my hammock in the store and make what shift I can. We talk together far into the night, and at daylight in the morn- ing I am landed, with many tins and bottles of "comforts," which the captain persists in giving me from his stores. He laments ex- ceedingly at leaving me here. One last shake of the hand, and the crippled soldier of the South—most unselfish and courteous of hosts —rows back to his own vessel. The sails are spread, the Caledonia glides out of the pass, and I am alone on Tanna, save for the com- panionship of the young Norwegian trader, Gottfrey Kyhn, whose hut for many days will be my home. In honour of my visit, he has done all he can to make the inside pre- sentable. Mats are laid on the floor of the centre room, and the graces sacrificed to by new calico being placed on the rude home- made table in lieu of a cloth. Honest fellow, he does all he can to make me comfortable. I recognise this, and he shall not be the loser ; but, oh ! how often at night I look back with envy to those days spent on the banks of Lake Manipori, with the pure air, healthy diet, and sound sleep on couches of manuka bush. . Except when I am electioneering round the island, I sleep here at night in my ham- mock, slung across the central room—a sort of large hall. There is a door at each end. Windows this residence has none. All day long these doors are open, but are closed and bolted at night. When the sun goes down and the lamp is lighted, K. will not sit with open doors to be a mark for any spiteful or sportive native. After the shades of evening fall he never goes outside. By daylight he does not fear the natives. They dare not attack him then, he says, when he could see his foes, and his "boys" being about also act as a protection ; but at night it is a different thing. It is then that the Tannian, like the Red Indian, waits for his white enemy. With the record of the past before him, K. is care- fun. He never sleeps twice in the same spot, and has secret firing places from which he could repel an attack. Loaded arms are always by his side. I myself think that al- though these precautions may serve against a solitary murderer like "Juno," yet if harm were meant to him by the majority, a fire- stick thrown into the grass roof would drive K. out, an easy prey to the first rifle. Very cool and pleasant indeed is this thatch, but it has its disadvantages. By day there is a continual dropping of dust, at night there is a peculiar programme. We all retire to rest early. The rude table and form, the only articles of furniture excepting port- manteau and Snider, are pushed out of the way. My hammock is slung. I look to my pistols, and then turn in. On one side K. sleeps in the room which does duty as his store, lumbered up with "trade," tobacco, pipes, knives, beads, calico, a dangerous keg of powder in the corner, mixed up with pro- visions for ourselves. On the other side is a room filled with cocoanuts, and somewhere coiled up amongst these sleeps the "Hag," as I call aged and unprepossessing Topsy. The boys live m the Smoke-house outside. As lie in my hammock previous to putting out the light I am reminded ot poor Ned Farmer's well known ballad of "Little Jim :"— " The cottage was a thatched one, The outside old and mean." But, alas ! I cannot add with truth, " But everything within that house Was wondrous neat and clean." There is no collier's wile here to put things straight. . I blow the light out and in a short time the fun commences. The surf surging on the bar is but a lullaby to an old traveller. The growling of the terrier "Mac," who sleeps outside the door would not disturb me. Needless to say that he and I are the best of friends. But there are other strange sounds about. I am just dozing when there comes a great rustling and quivering in the roof over- head. Then the walls and floor seem alive, every movable thing in the store rattles. "The spirits are amongst us," some might say, and it takes me a moment's consider- ation to discover that rats are the cause. I strike a match suddenly. Up the walls they scamper ; they career over the rude rafters, and dive into holes in the thatch, as much at home above as on or under terra firma. It is there that they have their nests and lie quietly by day, but at night tlhey hold high jinks ; they come down to forage for meat and drink, or take moonlight promenades on the sands. One gets accustomed to the disturbance below, but it is overhead that they annoy me. After some study I conclude that the younger members of the various families stop at home above whilst their elders go out on business or pleasure. Then the juveniles have coursing meetings after cockroaches, handicap steeplechases over the rafters, they fight and make love, and all with such a frou-frou of the leaves and grass of the thatch that awakes me a dozen times in the night with the idea that the roof is coming down. At first I think they were rather frightened of me, but now they stand on their hind legs near my hammock and attempt to jump up, and "make faces" at me from the walls. Once one bolder than the rest crept along the cord, or dropped from the roof, and I awoke with the uneasy sensation that I was being examined by a snake. This, if in Australia, would be a fine place for such vermin ; but a serpent has one great virtue, he is noiseless. . Rats are one of the curses of Tanna. They are everywhere. There is abundant food for them. At this copra station the cocoa nuts are ready cracked for them to eat. On the beach or in the bush you come on hundreds of "windfalls," young nuts. In each of them is a small hole ; a rat has gnawed this, drank the milk, and then ate the kernel. "Fellow Yassuk" is what the natives say as they give the hollow shells a kick with their heel. They do not trouble much about the loss by such vermin. Is not the food growing overhead sufficient, except in a bad hurricane season, for all ? K. calculates that the rats eat about 10 of his cocoanuts a night. He has cats, four of them, but they are not a great deal of use. Fluent old Quiros wrote that when he landed on the island, which he named after the Holy Ghost, he found all the do- mestic animais there. On Tanna, I am told, cats and dogs "no stop before white man he come." The former they call pussi, the latter colli, as in Fiji. Dogs are of value ; a young pup will be worth a small pig in exchange. Returned labour boys try to smuggle terriers on board the ships which carry them home. They think as much of a new dog as of a new gun. . It is one of the laws of human progress that man passes through three stages—the mere savage hunter, like the Australian blackfel- low ; the man of flocks and herds, as the ancient shepherd kings ; and then the agri- culturist of our own era, who lives by the fruit of the soil. I have before suggested that the story of Cain and Abel may be but an allegory symbolising the conquest of the husbandman over the herdsman. Some eminent writer, whose thought I remember, though not his name, has pointed out that as the hunter is but a mere beast of prey, the herdsman must undergo a refining change of manner by the care which he has to exercise in rearing his flocks. This a poetic theory, though I do not know that it has exactly worked itself out in practice. However this may be, in the southern islands the native has jumped at once to the most advanced stage of human progress. He could not live by the chase, there is nothing on shore for him to hunt, and he cannot get one square meal a week from the sea. He could not become a herds- man, for he had no flocks to tend nor plains to pasture them on. So perforce he is an agriculturalist, cultivating the soil with as much industry as himself and wives are capable of, and in the manner of it often equalling anything I have seen in the world. The time of the planting of the yam is a sacred season here—then man and woman must hold no communion together, the spirits which guard the mysteries of our great mother earth must be approached as reverently as Urim and Thummim. The men believe with Carlyle that work is a sacred thing, so sacred in fact, they do not wish to make it common, and abstain from it altogether except on the high occasions of seed time and harvest. . Having had no wild animals to chase, these islanders became hunters of men. They killed and ate each other, which good old custom is still in vogue. Having had no flocks to tend the few domestic animals they now hold are by them highly prized. A pig is the most valued of their possessions, a dog comes next, afterwards the cat. An islander likes pork better than anything in the world except it be human flesh, but he will also occasionally eat pussi and colli. But Maafu himself, Roko Tui Lau, Viceroy of the Wind- ward Islands, and "direct representative of Her Majesty" under the late Governor of Fiji, had, I remember, a cultivated taste for roast dog. But the natives are in life kind to the few animals they possess. A woman carries a joung pig like a child. Dogs are petted and cats are nursed. When K. bought the first kitten for the value of 10 cocoanuts there was great jealousy amongst his "hands" as to who it should belong to. Place aux dams, so it was put down as belonging to the "Hag," who sleeps with it in her arms every night. Three other kittens have been bought and own to three of the "boys," who are as jealous of the merits of the little animals as any mother could be of her babe. Say to "Jack," from Mallicolo, "That fellow pussi belong a you no good ; fellow pussi be- long a 'Santo' plenty good ; Santo will be jubilant, and Jack sulk for a day. They feed the kittens all day long, and at night these sleep on their mats. They are just like children in this respect; but the consequence is the cats are not worth a cent to catch rats, and that there is a nightly saturnalia over my head. . My hosts "boys" —three from Mallicolo and one from Santo—are fine fellows, willing and obliging, and doing their work well in this their first of their three years term of servitude. They have not too much work to do, are well supplied with their native food of yam and taro, besides plentiful rations of rice, which cereal puts them in better train- ing for any hard work, such as rowing. Working all day long uinon"st cocoanuts they need never go hungry. They can never be thirsty, for there is a continuous supply of milk from the thousands of nuts they crack. The boys seldom drink anything else. Water they do not like, and the water here—un- qualified—is not good. They have as much tobacco as they can smoke, and altogether their condition is one to be envied by many a European labourer. They are willing and obliging, as many islanders I have seen in Queensland, Fiji, and New Caledonia ; yet on their native heath they would, perhaps— if the fit seized them—very willingly take a white man's life. They are so easily governed and influenced by their surroundings. Still, I have as yet seen no reason to alter the opinion formed long since in the colonies, that resi- dence there has a civilising effect on in- dented labourers. I claim for my race that we are better than heathen cannibals, than even the majority of the slave-owners of the South were kind and humane, and that as- sociation with white men must have some influence for the better on the Kanakas. Certainly, whilst doing their time it has a very great influence on them. That it is not permanent when he returns home is because he cannot resist the public opinion of his family or clan. "Charlie," who was paid off here from the Caledonia, has good clothes, and went ashore in them ; the next day he ap- peared in only a sulu, to-day he is nude after the manner of Tanna. But when I see the wretched hut in the missionary village where Charlie lives I am not surprised at the change. Yet Charlie has learnt this much, to speak English, to be decent and obliging to me, and to recognise my wasys and habits. This in so much gained. Here is "George," also, who comes and sits on the step as I am writing this. His face is adorned with black and yellow stripes, his hair is twisted, he carries a rifle. ' He, too, comes from the mis- sionnary village, and these outward and visible signs of savage life remain with the dirty and wretched hovels in spite of 25 years of praying and preaching. Yet George, who has been to several of the Queensland planta- tions, is even more respectful than Charlie, and ready at volunteering useful information. His English is equal to and his intelligence superior to that of many a Midland County Hodge. . The young Norwegian is a kind master to his men, and I think a general favourite with the natives here, although he doubts many of them. Juno, I believe, he dreads. To have a sevenfold murderer living just above you, and always at your gates is not pleasant ; but Juno, as chief of the nearest village, assumes a sort of suzerainship or protection over the store. He loafs about all day long and begs tobacco. Godfrey Kyhn is not of the stuff of which Berserks are made, he is far too goodnatured. He is a handsome fellow, but there is little of the " Norse God" about him except his appetite and love for all women. We drink "Skaal !" together often, but he does not prove of the first force over the flowing bowl—square gin in this case. A young man of 25, sailor and first mate of a Norwegian ship, hurt on board his ship in Sydney four years ago, laid up in the hospital there for many weeks, drifted to New Caledonia, became mate and recruiter of a labour vessel in the islands, and these last seven months a trader on Tanna. A simple enough history. A well- bred youth, tenderly and religiously nurtured at his mothers knee. I scarcely thought to find a Bible and a Church Service in a copra- makers house, yet they are there by the trestle on which he sleeps. Often he talks of the old home in the valley near Christiana, of the merry winter nights with dances at country houses, and the long sleigh drives homewards. This young Norwegian lacks iniquity in dealing with the natives. I hope, for his soul's sake, that he will continue like this, and not let the lust of profit enter into his heart and lower the price of cocoanuts, whence will come disputes and a bullet through his brain. The accursed spirit of trade changes men's natures so much, and there is a temptation, when savages are try- ing to do you, to give them less than their due. Poor fellow, he has been lying for two hours prostrate with an attack of fever. . The copra traders life, it will be seen, is not entirely a happy one. He suffers from disease, he lives in daily danger of death. There should be some inducement besides that of a free and easy existence away from the trammels of civilisation to tempt any decent young fellow to live alone here, where for weeks he may not see a white face. The trade is a paying one, and a steady man can save money. It is simple enough, too, "no previous knowledge of the business re- quired." For 10 cocoamuts you give either a stick of tobacco value here threefarthings, or a clay pipe value here one halfpenny, or a box of matches the same, or a pipeful of paint value one eighth of a penny, or a pipeful of beads value one halfpenny. A fathom of common calico, worth 5d. , will bring 100 nuts. About 7,000 nuts will make a ton of copra, winch will cost in tobacco £2 2s., in pipes, matches, beads, or calico, £1 8s. ; and in paint only 7s. But comparatively very little paint is bought. Tobacco is the principal trade, and the average cost of the raw nuts may be taken at £2 per ton. The outside cost of labour in preparing copra is £1 5s. a ton, so that the expense of production is £3 5s. a ton. It is purchased here by the New Hebri- des Company at £9 a ton. In Noumea when I left copra was worth £13 2s. 6d. , and going up in the market, so the company makes a splendid profit besides what it gets in supply- ing the traders at very outside prices. One boy can make a ton of copra a month, and the only trouble is to obtain sufficient nuts. Sulphur is the only other article of commerce here. 