ECHOES OF MELBOURNE '(By- The Ghost.) Nov. 3. Parliament has been prorogued aftera sesiion extending over less than six inonthsjdurin^whichniorelegislative work h'aa been gone through than during the previous six years. Under the Coalition Ministry most of tho measures submitted have been rusher through ut a pace wnicn would shamo the Derby or Oup winner. Many of the bills brought in were taken on trust and passed almost without a word oE discussion. The lawyers prediot that this galloping Btylo of placing acts upon the Statuto Book will eventuate much as a cortain other proceeding under taken in haste is proverbially said to do — in causing repentance at leisure, and look fnvmarcl to n larore increase in their busi ness. Be thiB, however, as it may, sundry matters have been settled under the pres ent mixed regime which, had no fusion of parties taken place, would havo remained in abeyance until the crack of doom. Does ' anyone, for instance, think that political potronaga would have been so ?? quietly given up, as it has been, with but the feeblest resistance on the part of the department trotters had the Liberals con tinued to sit on one aide of the Assembly and the Conservatives on the other 1 Should we have had a Railways Manage ment and a Civil Servioe Act to show, but for the existence of the 'unholy alliance?' Most certainly not ; at all events this Bide of the Greek Kalends. 'But there seems to: be a feeling that having dime the work, whioh could not under- other circumstances havo been performed, tho raison d'etre of tho Govern ment has ceased. When the Houses meet after their seven months' holiday, the various component atoms of the Assembly will most probably be discovered re crystalised under some other form. Little plans which during a busy seaaon are perforce compelled to reach only the embryonio stage, will havo had time to mature, aud the 'outs' have had the necessary leisure to undermine the posi tion of the 'inna,' and perform the work which a certain unmentionable personage is said to find 'for idle hands td do.' Ab predicted in a former letter, the charge of gross immorality prevailing in ourStateschools is another exemplification of the old story of the three black crows. The 'lady'who told the Bishop is unable to : substantiate any case, and refuses to travel outside of vague generalities. The bottom lias fallen out of the enquiry, which Mr. Service, the Minister of Edu cation, now deolines to proceed with, for tho very good ' and sufficient reason that there is really nothing to investigate. The colony is on the horns of a di lemma. It is becoming less charitable or growing poorer. Tho collections made on Hospital Saturday and Sunday do not reach the totals of last year. ? Victoria's reputation in regard to the possession of what on the highest authority has been proclaimed the greatest of virtues suffers, if the first hypo thesis be the correct one, and her amour propre will be pTievously shocked by admitting the second proposition. Perhaps both are in a measure true, and the reason for the falling off may be found by ascribing it to their combined influence. The first of what may be termed a batch of libel actions brought by Mr. Orichton, the agricultural editor of the Federal Australian, resulted on Wednesday in the Di'or-rietora of the Aqe being mulcted in damages to the extent of £5 by a jury of six, prosided over by Mr. Justice Williams. Messrs. D. and J. Syme were probably selected to be the first to bear the brunt of the assault as being 'the best mark.' In all probability the de fendants in the othor actions will now settle with Mr. Crichton without the in tervention of the law. The police authorities appear at length to have been goaded into making some attempt to put a stop to the multitude of awindling sweeps and totaliaator clubs at present in full swing in Melbourne. A audden awakening from their long kip Van Winkelian slumbers has eventuated 1 in a large number of summonses being taken out. As, however, the bulk of the victims' cash has already been appro priated by theliawks, it is doubtful what advantage the pigeons will reap from the . tardy proceedings. Tho bunohea of carrots in the shape of the Railway and Civil Service Oommis sionerships are 3till being dangled under the- noses of a number of expectant poli ticians. The Ministry are displaying the wisdom of tho serpent in not making their ohoice known — that is if they have really arrived at any decision — until they aresafely in recoss. They thus avoid un pleasant questions in Parliament, and the feeling of disappointment engendered in : the unfortunates left out in the cold has time to lose much of its intensity. Specu lation ia, of course, rife in regard to the names of the hicky ones who are to be the' recipients of a couple of thousand pounds per annum ' for five years cer tain,' and renewable if they are in the ? gooji graces of the Legislature at the expiration of that period. As ' tips' are ? just now the fashion, it may not be out of place to hazard the opinion that 'when the numbers are up ' among the winners will be found an ex-Treasurer, an exOom miaBioner of Railways, and an ex-traffic manager on the Victorian railways. Among those who profess to be behind the scenes, two at all events out of the three gentlomen above designated are looked upon as ' moral certainties.' But ju«t about 'Oup timo' a good many cer tainties are apt not to corao off in accord ance with the vaticinations of tho pro phots. Among the cups that cheer, but do not inebriate, the Melbourne Cup is certainly not entitled to a place of honour. In sooth, 'Cup week 'is tho proximate cause of a great deal of drinking. Men, more or less intoxicated, are at present thick in the principal thoroughfares, as those very often quoted leaves of Vallotn brosa's vale. Despite the warnings of the Press, card sharpers, magsmen, and the light fingered gentry, who live not so much by their own wits, as by tho want of that commodity in others, are having a 11 good time' of it.- Melbourne is full to overflowing, and where tho now-comera who arrive by every train and steamer are to stow themselves away is somewhat of a mystery. There is already some talk of the vehicles of the Omnibus Company being utilised after their day's work as sleeping apartments, and the Railway De partment would most assuredly earn almost enough to pay for another |collision by devoting their rolling stook to tho use to whioh it was put by Mr. William Nelson M'Cann, a whilom member of the Vio torian Legislature, who, when represent ing South Grant before the happy era of payment of the people's representatives, was wont to take up his nightly abode in a first-olass carriage. Why should not Mr. Gillies earn an honest penny and the Unlimited gratitude of hundreds who know not where to lay their heads, by improv ing sleeping cars at Flinders and Spencer streets ? ' Of the various theatres, the Royal has had the call, the 'Silver King' having proved a thorough success. Tho Opera House comes next with the 'Manteaux Noirs,' the very capable artists there nightly drawing large audiences. Miss Erailie Melville is also charming the pub lic by her delightful impersonation of 'La Belle Helene.' Strange to say, the very good drama, the 'Woman of the People,' even interpreted by such a first-claas company as that at the Bijou, with Signor and Signora Majeroni at their head, has not secured that most fickle of popular sentiments — us iavour. jli is, inereiore, to be withdrawn to-night, and tho old pieces in which the Majeronis achieved their first triumph, substituted during the carnival. These are sure to secure bumper attendances, the ladios flocking in shoals to Bee the newest development of female attire in the exquisite dresses worn by the Signora in the various characters. To this has the drama come at last ! 