A SHADOWY STORY. A TAL so Tris Ins15II REBELLION OF '08 (''Prom Cit mbers's J'ornal.)' SCHAPTER VIU.-(CONOLuDEiss. 'That nmatters' not; I will thiat it shill beo'so,'aid Mr. Deeroy, as wse must now -call lhim ; and you' will please to obey; Mr. Westliury,"he continutied ad dreioiig the oflicer, 'I »iidot yoaonly to tlhilnk"you and bid you farewell: I leave for Fraince witlhiiin ten minutes leave for ever, as I know too well; but I am glad to know thaiit at parting I have beinable to resideryou nome alight serviCO.e 'Tliie "slight oirvico" appears to be tlin'saving of iiy lifie, said Westbury, retuirning the hearty grasp of Mr .De cooy's hand; 'and considerinig iow oftien I hlie started out at inglit to catchli you "Ohli 'that'is notlinig,' 'interrupted Decroy, witlii iaisills, " It woildhlie ridiculous to quarrel witli a soldier for that:"'Ii asmityoser debtor for all' the kindness anird delicscy shown 'during your residenece at BoroeniiHosse, whero I believe I have nioreo tliani once dis turbed you. Although you are reputed a braves man, I believe youi are fright oned at sliadows.' "Why' Was it then yon who 1' exclisuiied Westbury. " It'wahs,'" said Decroy, interrupting. liiin; "uid oni thoe last occasion you nearly' ' Tile boats ass ready, Colonel `an nioonceda imani approachiisg.then.rm S':Tlheii .so part iioe,' said' Decroy and turning round hie min ade a signal in the group liich Westhtury hid notided; on first enterihg. Seveoral persons now approached'' andi Deeroy; stopping to meet thenm retarnedi leadingi a female figure as heasvily cloaked as hinimself; vet in spite of this slisguiss there was. somethingg in her appcarance which made the officor's pulse beat quicker. 'My daughter, on leaving heor lsative land; would join hortlhdisks tonray owli,' said Decroy with -quibt dignity. The' figure drew back its head; anid the bright eyes. of Kate 'Decroy met these 'of the Linutenant: SI wish: 'I could impress upon. Mr.. Westbury how sorry .'I'am for isucli of' whatmust hiive apipeared rindelolbehavior," saidLthe girl';blut lihe will forgive.:lmO. when I answer him that it was forced upon me.` We are frionds, I thist;' 'Friends I' oxclhinied the Lieuteinaist.. "Friends1 I I. liall nIever cease, 1Miis. Decroy, to think of Boreen, wild dlid lonely asit is, or to reoieminer thosse' whom I had the honor of :ksowisg there, and' whom I -valued .ansi cs-" teemed nmore than words can express." 1'As a_'trifling imemento of the De croysi reibels though they wore,' eon- titiuOed' tho'girl, 'ipray, sir, accept this. ring.'; As she spoke she drew froim her finger au rinsg, in. which a "diamond sparkled, and presented it to Westbury with da suspiciously tearful souilse. ".The'Lieutenin t was about to speak,. but was 'interrupted by Mr Decroy :: 'Farewell,' Lieutesiant Weathury. For twenty-four liours'you willbe lihold a. prisoner hiere. Pray do not attepipt to. escape 'whatever appareit laxity may tempt you; for I assure you ;it,; will' e hopoleess. At the end'of that tiome youn shanll 'befree.' I giy youi into safe'cus tody. ' Sullivan I M'Nally I [two nieia cine folirward in answer].' Riemember, yourmen, anI your men only, guard Mr Westbury,, and I look to you , for Ihis : safety.' hsarewell, sir.' Withll andtlher grasp,"of the hand tlhey parted. Miss. Dscroy; tisk her father's arm, sevrali other persons joined thesi, and iii a feie eecoiid'm'eniore they had disappeired. ThoEtlh' thtrong in the (,arn quickily thibied until nose' but. the lieuteniant and those who were evidently his guards -hlis protectors-romaiiied. lHi was kept in dlurance, as Mr. Do croy had. warnedsl' him and hadl it not beeli for a fresh arrival, helie osul scarcely have heaird a syllable spoken during his stay. The fresh arrival wnea no' othor "tlhan Biddy Qusin, wlhose loquiacity isade amonds for the tne-. turnity of the guard: Sho itbwas, k lshe speedily told him, whoi it sas' tsinh interfered in; Ihis behlalf wlhin lie wal first in' 'dansger. T lis silisits forgive mn,' said Bidldy naively, 'if I did wrong.'g And being in a' most commiuniseative. msoodl, asot iniparted 'inforiatiioi to. Westlury wllich cleared up much thit. had been obsbure. She told himi how hoe liad thrice hiearly discovered tilo squire.. How the latter ibeing anxious to seio thli Lieutenant, so as to recogniseo his, hlad entered Ihis bedroom by a coiesoaled door, and while looking tlhroughl tshe inner windlow, had forgotion the lamp,. and so had thrown Ihis slhadow on the' table, thius causing tihe first' alarimi. Ilow all the Ihoussehold gave him up fore lost when Dickles brouglht the guard, as the Squire was actually 'its the diningroom when the sergeant. major enteored thle Ihouse. There seemed, no possilbility, of escape; but when, the. Lioetenant had searched the upper, roolms, asd had sent Dickles andl the soldlinern to thes rear of the lhodse, tile Squiro, by way of trying one lastiilmiost dlesperate chance, lald rushedlupstairs to the part alresily examineil ; but, again hlasi alsinost lmetrmeyed hillinoh bsy hiis slosho whiceh was tisrowv isot isia froist of the aliicer by the giesit lasImpin. the slil. Tise third ,n'csipe wsas.'i the nosess ee'esislg, whiess tihe Squiro was ant temojstisg to leave 13oseen; for li nissi hiisj dshicgisterc wcri with iidly-chloin ais to ibe their gisidis, beisig a isiarvol at thresid-' jug fickle paths-when the latter came forward to.meet him, and artfully-as WVestbury could siee well enough now led him back to the villago. Biddy 'vas also loquacious on other subjects of initerest to the Lieutenant. Miss Kate Decroy, it appeared was almost as active "and fearless as Mrs. Quin herself, and had really ridden out to the bog district to meet the messen ge'r;with the money and the letters, as the soldiers hlad guessed; and had been to meet her, father and arrange for his coining to Boreen, when Vest buitry saw her on that well-remembered moonlight night. She told him, too, that the flight of Squire Decroy and his friends would have been more difficult if not inipossible, had not Westbury's detachment been set astray; and when the Lieutenant was unable to repress an ejaculation expressive of wonder at his movements being so accurately knowi, Biddy laighed, and with a rogueish look of her eye whispered,: SWalls have ears, shure; an' windies above windies are better nor walls.' "The creaking. of that confounded winidow was for something, after all, it seems,' groaned Westbtiry. ' But then, lMallany' stick 1' "Oh, the stick, is it' exiclaimed Biddy. SIt "was 'alucky thought o' meto take that same whin I was in the quarters o' the redioats wiid a message from the praste. I thought it might.be handy somnie day; an'.be me faith it was t. These 'anid many other particulars Biddy revealed, now that the.'masther' was fairly away. She did not seem to have the least personal fear; and very "frankly told Westbury that had it not beein for his jkindniess to the family and to herself-although she made herself quite of secondary importance-she should decidedlyhave voted forhisbeing piked, and if she had only, given the word, it would have been done. West 'ibry had many excellent reasons for believing her. Although extending over but twenty four~ hours, the peried of detention seeimed long and weary enough. No personal 'restraint was put upon the Lieutenant, and for hours together he saw nio one but Biddy. Once or twice he cast a longing look across the few' "miles whici separated him from Boreen; but Biddy, as if divining his thoughts, sdid: ,It won't do Lefthenant darling; there's iore between you and Bornen House than brown stones an' green 'House'' Westbury took the hint, and bore his captivity as best he nmight, until at mid night, as he was sitting alone by a peat fire, Biddy roused him by a touch on the shoulder.' ' It's time, yer honor, she said, :tYe're a free man. Take this bit ofa pass' Arrah ! don't frown at it now;'higher officers nor you have been' glad of the like ; an'.misany a one would 'havegiven his gowld an' his landsfor that scrap o', paper,. 'whei the pikes were clashing, round him. Bat yore wsafe. Not a hair of yer head willbe harmed this night; an' no boy from the Drome country will iver hurt ye in time to omie-iv he knows ye. So good bye, ILefthenant, an' heaven, be wid ye.' 'With this farewell, Westlury de parted; and as Biddy had foretold, he reached Boreen village unmolested. His 'return was very warmly: welcomed by his men, especially lby the usually com posed Dickles, who was quite excited over it. He had 'of course, been sought for, but in a wrong. direction, as the French vessel ran in' at a point some twenrity, miles froi'thlat at which her enemies expected her. Mrs. Decroy and Mrs. Olaridge were specially gracious in their' manner. . Miss Decroy, they infornimed him, i"was from home for the preasent; a piece of news at which the Libutenant was by no means surprised, as he had already considerable reason for suspecting as much. In the short remainder of, his stay at Boreen House he saws no more ghosts or shadows, nor was he called out on any more expedi tions.' It was known within his own conclusive testimony that the proscribed rebels had escaped, and he was soon re mnoved from the district. Soon, too, his military career came to an end, for some eighteen or twenty months after his residence at Boreen a fever attacked him, which brought him very low, and during his convalescence the death of a distant relative toade, him heir to a moderate fortune. This decided him, and he resolved upon ;retiring, with such, laurelsi as ho.had gailed;: and so about two" years after the events which we have narrated, lhe removed to the South of England, where at a quiet little watering place he sought success fully to gather health and strength. There were, of course, many. in valids there having the same object in view .,as himself, and thIers were many too who were not exactly invalids, biut to whom the retirenment and peace of '5--, joined with its soft yet bracing sea-air, were of value ; and to this latter class he decided that two persons whom he ofteni met-or rather whomo lie often saw at a distance-belonged. In the delightful rides he was now able to take in a low carriage. he frequently noticed two ladies dressed in black; and often hlie used to speculate as to who they were, and why they always chose sequestered spots for thiir walks. One doy duriiig one of his quiet rainhilee through a favorite cluiep of slim trees, ihe encountered the two iiiy terious strangers. Drawimig aside to allow tliemn to pass, their imyc set and each of the three uttered an excad mation of eurprisii and pleasure. 'Mrm. Deeroy I Miss Kate Decroy I' 'Ir. Westhury I' and then, Wvith" anstiuch warmth as though they had been the oldest and dclearest of friends, they shook hands. In a few minutes he had learned their history. Mr. Decroy had died in France, and Mrs. Decroy hadl been rn oonimnonded a change to the south coast of England. It was about the time of the brief lull in the long war between England and France, so that she was able to comply with this advice. The two ladies were all frankness and geni ality; aud in the course of that single interview he felt that he had made, or regained, dearer friends than any others the world held for him. At parting, when he took Kate's hand, a hight ened glow on her somewhat pale cheek, showed that she .saw how he had pre served a certain sparkling gift. Daily they mloet, and, the adventures at Boreen furnished inexhastible themesa forconversation: old Biddy; the nightly excursions; the daring sides through storm and over bog which Miss Kate was forced to. take ; and even the shadows- thoughle a tear mingled with the old lady's smile over this subject, for she then spoke of her dead husband. Time. ran .on, and Westbury grew. stronger; thee drives. in the. carriages were often exchanged forridesonhorse hnck, and still he felt no wish to leave the little place, even though winter had come and mostof the visitors had fled. Mrs. Decroy and her daughter also roe mained-to say this is doubtless to give an unneeded explanation-and in deed the older lady made no secret of the fact that the economy of a winter residence in the little seacoast town was as great an inducesent' to her as was the healthineas of the locality. As time rolled on - .. But there l how vain it is to flutter about "a flame into which every looker on can see we are certain .to plunge. To make a meirit of brevity then, Westbury found oppor tunities of seeing Kate Decroy alone, and on one of these occasions he asked her 'to -redeem' his lotfrom loneliness; and after some 'slight embarrassing re ferences on the young lady's part to her very rebellious instincts, she consented; and we will add,, as being the fittest place in which to say it, .that these re hellions proclivities on the side of Miss Kate were purely political, and during a wedded life of many years, never once extended to the domestic arena. Their permanent residence was in England, and was indeed at the iden tical watering place where they renewed their acquaintance, though'they made various excursions to Ireland of toler ably long duration.: Here they were received with. extraordinary.demonstra tions of friendship and attachinment, which at first were rather discomtiting to the gentleman; but he soon got used to them, and his liberality soon made him as popular as though he had really belonged to the ' ould family, .'As for Mrs. Westbury, and almost in a greater degree. Master .Westlury, when' he visited Boreeni, why, if mother and sod had chosen.to drive a Juggernaut car through the village, and a' sacrifice or two had been needed to give due eclat to the procession, there would not have been, so it seemed to Westhury-tlhe slightest difficulty in procuring volun tears. .And then there was :Biddy Quin, who was pensioned upon twelve pounds per annium, a most contemptibloe sum for so devoted a servant, or so Westbury argued; but his wifeknew better-there was Biddy, we say, as! devoted, as energetic, and not less talk ative; but holding up her head for all' that, as one of the aristocracy, in virtue of her large fixed income I Very few of the incomes at Boreen, alas I were large, and very few of the incomes there were fixed.' ' And so it came about that whereas Lieutenant John Westbury's acquaint ance with the Decroy family was 'at first of avery cold and shadowy charnac ter, he was eventually indebted to it for all the substantial happiness of his life, which was a long one, for both he and his wife lived well into the middle of the nineteenth century, beloved and re spected. 