SIfi TOM. BY MBS. OLIPHANf. Antbtoct "Tb» ChrwikW's of 0»jliD«Iord," "The Gre&tfist; Bsltm in Enfiland," "Ha that Will Not when He Mar" Ac. CHAPTER VIL A WitltMlTO. "I wonder if 1 ohall lilu herT Lacy aid to herself. She had been hearing a good deal from her husband' about the Cunteeaa de Fomoo- Popnlo, who had promiaed to pay them a visit at Christmas. lie had laughed a gn-at deal while he described this lad;, "What she will do here io a country house in the depth of winter I cvmot tell," he said, " bat if she wants to come why shouldn't she! {She and I are old friends. One time and another we have Seen » gn»t deal of «*oh other. She will not rindentand tne In the charaoter of a Benedict^ ,bnt that will' be all the greater fan," he said witha lanfth. Lucy looked at him with a little surprise. She ooold ut quite thfllehlm ont. " If she is a friend she will not mind the conn try and the winter," said Lacy, " it will be yoa ehe will want to see" "That is all very well, my dear," said Sir Tom," bat she wants something more than me. She wants a little amusement. We must have a party to meet her, Lucy. We bare never yet bid the house foil for Christmas. Don't yon think It will be better to famish the Contessa with, other objects instead of letting her loose upon your husband ? Too don't know what it is yon are treating so lightly." " I—treat any one lightly that yon care for, Tom I Oh, noj I was only tHlnln'ng. I thought she Would come to see yon, not a number of strange tnople"— " And you would not tnind, Lucy f " Mind f Lugy_ lifted her- innocent eyes upon him with the greatest sniprise. " To be sure it is most nice of all when there is nobody with as," she said, as if that had been what he meant. Enlightenment on this subject iiad not entered her mind. She did not understand him, nor did he understand bet. He gave her a sort of friendly bug as he passed, still with that laugh in which there was no doubt a great perception of something oomio, yet—an enlightened observer might have lhought-ra little aneasl' new, a tremanr -which was almost; agitation," too. Lacy, too, had a perception of something a little'out of the way which she did not ucdorstandy bnt the offered to herself no explanation of it. She said to herself when he was conp, "I wonder if I shall like her?" and she did not make herself any reply. She had been in society/and held her little plaoe with a simple oompooure which was natural to her whoever might come in her way. If she was, indeed, a little frightened of the great ladies, that "was only at the first moment, before she became nsed to them, and afterwards all had gone well; but there, was something in the suggestion of a foreign great lady who perhapa might not speak English, and who would be used to very different "wim," whioh alarmed her a little. And then .it oocnrred to ber, with, some disappointment, that this would be the time of Jock's holidays, and that it would disappoint him sadly to find her in the midst of a crowd of visitors. She said to herself, however, quickly, that it was not to be expected that everything should always go exactly at one wished it, and that no doubt the Countess of (what was it she was the Countess of fl would be very nice and everything go well, and so went away to her baby and her honsehold business and put it aside for the moment. She found other things far more important to occupy her, however, before Christmas came. For that winter was very severe and cold, and there was a great deal of sickness in the neighbourhood. Meaalea and ooldfi and feverish attacks were prevalent in the village, and there were heartrending 11 oases" in which young Lady Randolph at the Hall |took so close an interest that -her whole life was disturbed by it. (tee of the babies, who was little Tom's age, died. When it became evident that there was danger in this case it is impossible to describe the sensations with which Lucy's brain was filled. She oould not keep away from the house in which the child was. She Bent to Farafield for the best doctor there, and everything that money could procure was got for the Buffering infant, whose belongings looked on with wonder and even dismay with a secret question like that of him who was a thief and kept the bag—to what purpose was this waste ? for they were ill persuaded that the baby was going to die. , r And the best thing for him, my lady," the grandmother Boid. " He'll be better done by where he's agoing than be ever coull have been here.' " Oh, don't say so," said Lucy. The young mother, who was as young aa ncrself, cried; ret if Lucy had been absent would have been consoled by that terrible philosophy of poverty, that it was "for the best. But Lady Randolph, in such a tumult, of all her being as she had never known before, with unspeakable yearning over the baby, and a ]iamc beyond all reckoning for her own, would not listen to any such easy consolation. She shut her ears to it with a gleam of anger such as had never been seen in her gentle face before, and would have sat up all night with the poor little thing in her lap if death had not ended its little plaints and Buffering. Sir Tom, hi this moment of trial, came out in all his true goodness and kindness. He went with her himself to the :ottage, and when the vigil was over appeared again to take ber home. It was a wintry night, frosty and clear, the stais all twinkling awith that mysterious life and notion which makes them appear to so many wistful eyes like persons rather than worlds, ind a» if there was knowledge and sympathy in those far-shining lights of heaven. Sir rhomaa was alarmed by Lucy's oolourless [ace, and the dumb passion of misery and lwe that was about her. He was very tender-hearted himself at sight of the dead baby, which was the Bame age as his lovely boy. He elapsed the trembling hand with which his wife held his arm, and Med to comfort her. " Look at the stars, my darling," he said, "the angels must have carried the poor little soul that way." He was not ashamed to let fall a tear for the little dead child. But Lucy oould neither weep nor think of the angeu. She hurried him on through the long avenue, clinging to Ins arm, but not leaning upon it, hastening tiome. Alow and then a BOD escaped her, but •o tears. She jQev up the stairs to her own boy's nursery, and fell down on her knees by the side of his little crib. He was lying in rosy Bleep, his little dimpled arms thrown up over his head, a model of baby beauty. But -ven that sight did not restore her. She buried her worn face in her hands and so sped for breath that Sir Tom, who had lowed her, took her in his arms, and nying her to her own room laid her down tne sofa bv the fire and did all that man lould to Booth her. " Luoy, Lucy, we must thank God that all a well with our own," he said, half terrified by the gasping and the paleness, and then she buret forth— " Oh, why should it be well with him, and bttlo Willie gone t Why should we be happy, ind the others miserable 1 Uy baby safe and •(arm in my arms, and poor Ellen's—poor Ellen's" This name, and the recollection of the poor rating mother, whom she had left in her lesolation, made Lucy's tears pour forth like i summer storm. She fiunff nor arms round ler husband's neck, and owed out to him in jny of anxiety of excitement— -h, what shall we do to save him? Oh, rom, pray, pray I Little Willie was well on Saturday—Mid now—How can we tell what a day may bring forth I" Lucy dried, wildly lushing him away bom her. and rising from he sofa. Then she began-to pace about the room as ve all do in tronbicL clasping her hands in a rild and inarticulate appeal to heaven. >eath had never come across her path before ,ve in the Case of her father, an old man hose course was run, and his end a thing ecessary and to be looked for. ' She could iot get out of her eyes the vision of that' ittle solemn figure-40 motionless, so marble ifhite. - The thought would not leave her. ro see the calm Lacy pacing up and down in this passion of terror and agony made Sir rom almost as miserable as henelf. He tried to take her into his arms—to draw her back to the sofa. " My darling, you are over-excited. It has been too much for you," he said. . " Oh, what does it matter about tne ?" cried Lucy; " think-^oh, God 1 oh, God I—if we should have that to bear." " My dear love—niy. Lucy, you that have always been so reasonable—the child is quite R'ctl; come -and see him again, and satisfy yourself." " Little Willie was quite well on Satur- ? a y," she cried again. " Oh, I cannot bear it, I cannot bear it! and why should it be Poor Ellen and not me?" When a person of composed mind and quiet disposition is thus carried beyond all the bounds of reason and self-restraint, it is natural that everybody round her should be doubly alarmed. Lucy's maid hung about the door, and the nurse, wrapped in a shawl, 'tale out of little Tom's room. They thought [beir mistress had the hysterics, and almo9t Weed their way into the room to help her. 't did Sir Tom good to send these butybodies "vay. But he was more anxious himself words ooold say. He drew her arm jpithin hU, and walked up and down with her. , *' You know, my noT-lin^ what the Bible says, ' that one shall be~taiken and another left; and that the wind bloweth -where It Usteth," he said, with i pardonable minding'of texts. 'vWe most just take care of him, dear, and hope the teat." Here Lucy stopped, ind looked him in. the face with an air of solemnity that startled him. "I have been thinking," she sfcld : "God has tried us with happiness first. That is how He always does—and if we abuse that then there comes—the other. We have been so happy. Oh, to happy 1" Her face, whioh had been stilled by this profounder W&VB; of feeling, began to quiver again. " I did not think any one could be so nappy," she said. " Well, my darling I and you have been very thankful and good" "Ob, uo, no, no, the oried. " I have forgotten my trait. I have let the poor Buffer, and pat tilde what was laid upon me—and now, IUW. tirnr BOW* 11 1 -— Tinnv Luoy caught funokt her kw husband'* hnahui^'t arm with both her hands, and drew him close to her. "Tttm; God bas Bent his angel to warn tu," she said, in a broken voice. " Lacy, I*icy, this is not like yoa. Do yoa think that poor little woman has lost W baby for our sake T Are we of so much more importance than she is in the sight of God, do yoa thi'-ik f Come, oome, that la not like you." Lucy gazed at him for a moment with a sudden opening of her eyevwhioh were contracted with misery. She was subdued by the words, though she only partially comprehended them. "Don't yoa think," he. said, "that to deprive another woman of her child in order to warn you would be wyuflt, Lucy T Come and ait down and warm yonr poor little hands, and take back your reason, pid do not accuse God of Wrong, for thatis not possible. Poor Ellen I dont doubt is composed and submissive, while yon, who have so little cause" She gave him a wild look. " With her It is over, it is over 1" die oried, " bat with us"—— Lucy had never been fanciful, but love i quickens the imaginsttomani~gfV(B"lt ten-' fold power; .and no poet could have felt with such a breathless and agonized realization, the difference between tbe aicoomplished ana the possible, the past which nothing can niter, BUU and the WIS pain ^HUll and IU1U sickening BlUKtHUUg terror GCITUr with Willi which we anticipate What may^ome. Bllxn had entered into the calm of tile one. She herself stood facing wildly the unspeakable terror of thp other. "Oh, Tom,. I ooold not bear it, I coiild not bear it I" she cried. It was almost morning before he had succeeded. in Boothipg her,- in mglring her lie down and compose herself. But by that time nature had begun to take the task in hand, snapping- her in the calm of exhaustion- Sir Tom had the kindest heart, though be had not "bean without reproach in his life. He -sat by her till she hod fallen into a deep and quiet alfiep, and then lie stole into the oonery, and oast a glanae at little Tom by the, dim light of the night lamp. His heart leaped to see the child with Ua fair locks all tumbled upon the pillow, a dimpled hand laid under a dimpled cheek, ease and comfort, •and weU-fyeicg' in every lovely carve; and then then came a momentary spasm across his face, and ho murmured " Poor little beggar 1' under his breath. He was not panic-stricken like Lucy. He was a mau made robust by much experience of tho world, and a child more Or tees was not a thing to affect him as it would a young mother; but the pathos of the contrast touched him with a keen momentary pang. He stole away again quite subdued, and went to bed, thankfully saying an uncustomed prayer in the emotion that possessed him; good God, to think of it i if that floor little beggar had been little Tom! Lucy woke to the sound of her bo^B little babbling of happiness in the morning, and foond him. blooming on her bed, brought there by his father, that she might see him and how well he was, even before she was awake. It was thus not till the first minute of delight was over that her recollections came back to her, and she remembered the anguish of the previous night, and then with a softened pang, as was natural, she gave vent to a warm flood of thankfulness which carried away harsher thoughts. But her mind was in a highly susceptible and tender state, open to every impression. And when she knelt down to make her morning supplications Luoy made a dedication of herself and solemn vow. She said, like the little princess when she first knew that she was to be made queen, " I will be good." She put forth this promise tremblingly, not with any sense that she was making a bargain with God, as roere rigid minds might suppose, but with all the remorseful loving consciousness of a child which feels that it hea not made the return it ought for the good things showered upon it, and cona u h l r o fronts for tbe firBt time the awful possibility that these tender privileges might be taken away. There was a trembling all over her. body and BOUI. She was shaken by the ordeal through which Bbe had come—the ordeal which was not hers but another's; and with the artlessness oi the child was mingled that Bupreme human instinct which struggles to disarm Fate by immediate prostration and submission. She laid herself down at the feet of the Sovereign greatness which could mar all her happiness in a moment, with a feeling that was not much more than half Christian. Lucy tried to remind herself that He to whom she knelt was love as well aa power. But nature, which still "trembles like a guilty thing surprised" in that great Presence, made her heart beat once more with passion and sickening terror. God knew, if no one else did, that she had abandoned her father's trust and neglected her duty. "Sell all thou liast and give to the poor." Lucy rose from her knees with anxious haste, feeling as -if she must do this, oome what might and whoever should oppose her; or at least since it was not needful for her to sell all ahe had, that ahe must hurry forth, and forestall any farther discipline by beginning at once to fulfil the duty she had neglected. She could not yet divest herself of the thought that the baby who was dead was a little warning messenger to recall her to a sense of the punishments that might be banging over her. A messenger to ner of mercy, for what, oh 1 what would she have done if the blow had fallen upon little Tom ? CHAPTER Vm. , THE SHADOW OF DEATH. After this it may perhaps be surprising to know that Lucy did nothing to carry out that great trust with which she had been charged. She had felt and did feel at intervals, for a long time afterwards, as if God himself had warned her what might come inxjn her if she negleited her duty. But if you will reflect how very difficult that duty was, ind how far she was from any opportunity of being able to discharge it! lb early days, when she was fresh from her father's teaching, and deeply impressed with the instant necessity of carrying it ont, Providence itself had sent, the Ruesell family, poor and helpless people, who bad not the faculty of etting on by themselves, into her way, and Sracy Gad promptly, or at least as promptly aa Indignant guardians wonld permit, provided for them in the modest way which was all her ideas reached at the time. Bat around the Hall there was nobody to whom the same summary prooess could be applied. The people there were either working people, whom it is always easy to help, or well-off people, who had no wants which Luoy could supply. And this oontinned to be so even after her fright and determination to return to the work that had been allotted to her. No doubt could she have oome down to the hearts and lives of the neighbours who visited Lady Randolph on the externally equal footing which soolety protends to allot toallgentle-tolks,shewoaIahavefoundseverol of them who would have been glad to free her from her money. But then she oould not see into; their hearts. She did not know what a difficult thing it was for Mr. Boutledge, of Newbv, to pay the debts of Ids eon when he tad left College, or how hardly hit was young Archer, of fordham, In the matter'of the last Joint- Stock Bank that stopped payment. If they had not ifll been so determined to hold op their heads with the beat, and keep up appeanmoes, Lucy might have managed somehow to tnnsfer to them a little of the money which she wanted to get rid of, and of which they stood so much in need. But this was not to be thought of; and when she cast her eyea aro*und her, it was witii a certain despair that Lucy saw no outlet whatever for thoae bounties which it had seemed to her heaven itself was concerned about, and had warned her not to neglect, Many an anxious thought occupied her' mind on this subject. She thought of oalling her cousin,-Philip Ealny, who was established and thriving at Farafield, and whose fortune had been founded upon her liberality, to her oounsels. But if Sir Tom had disliked the oonfidences between her and her brother, what wonld he think of Philip Rainjr aa her - adviser. Then Luoy in her perplexity turned again to tbe thought -of Jock. Jock had a great deal more sense in him than anybody knew. He had been the wisest child, respected by everybody; and now he was almost a man, and had learned, as he said, a great deal at school. She thought wistfully of the poor curate of whom Jook bad told her. Very likely that poor clergyman would do very well for what Lucy wanted. Surely there could be no better OBO for money than to endow such a man, with a whole family growing up, all the better for it, and a son on the foundation! And then she remembered that Jock had entreated her to do nothing till he came. Thus the time went on, and her passionate resolution, her sense that heaven itself was calling upon her, menacing her with judgment even, seemed to oome to nothing—not out of forgetfulnesa or doth, or want of will—but beotuue ahe saw noway open before her, an i could notte'l what' to do. And after that miserable night when Ellen Bailey's baby died, and death seemed to enter in aa novel and terrible u if he had never been knows before, for the first time into Lucy's Paradise, ahe had never said anything to Sir Tom. Day after day «he had meant to do it, to throw herself upon his uidance, to appeal to him to help her; tint S ay after day she had pat it ofi, shrinking from the possible oontest of which sane instinct warned her. She knew, without knowing bow, that in this he Would not stand by her. Impossible to have been kinder in that crisis, more tender, more indulgent, even more understanding than h^r husband was. But she felt instinotively the limits of his sympathy. He would not go that length. When ahe got to that point be would change. But she oould not have him to change: she conld not anticipate the ides of a cloud upon his faoe, or any shadow between them. And then Lacy made up her mind that she wonld wait for Jock, and that he and she together, when there were two to talk it over, wonld make out a way. All was'going on well again, the mas above little Willie's grave was green, his mother consoled and smiling aa before, and at the Hall the idea of the Uiriamas party had been resumed, and the invitations indeed were aent off, when one morning this visitor whom Lucy had antidpated with-rach dread <oame out of the village,' where infantile diseases always lincered, and fcntemd tbe carefullykept nuiaery. Little Tom awoke crying and fretful, hot with fever, his poor little »fts heavy with acrid tears. His mother bad not been among the hats where poor men lie for nought, and she saw at a glance whbt it was. Weill not anything so very dreadfulmeasles, which almost all children have. There was no reason in the world why she should be alarmed. She acknowledged as much, with a tremor that went to her heart. There were no bad |symptoms. : The baby was no more ill than it was necessary he should be. "He was having them beaatiful,'' the none said) and Luc? 'scarcely allowed even her husband to see the deep harrowing dread that was in her. By-and-bye, however, thia-drtad was justified; ehe had been very anxious about all the little patients in the nlloge that they shoald hot catoh cold, whicai in the careless ignorance of their attendants, and in the limited accommodation of the cottages, was so usnaL so likely, almost inevitable. A door would be left open; a sudden blast of cola would come upon the little sufferer. How could-any one help it? Luoy had given the pqOr woman no peace on the subject. She had 44 worrited them oat o' their lives." And now, wonder above all finding out, it was in little Tom's iuxtarious nnrsery. where everything wal arranged for his safety, where one carofua nurse succeeded another by night and by day, and Lady Randolph hereelf was never absent for an nour, where tbe ventilation was anxiously watched and regulated, and no incautious intruder ever entered—it was there that the evil came. When the child hod shaken off his little complaint and all was going well, he took oold, and in a few hours more his little lungs were labouring heavily, and the fever of inflammation consuming his strength. . Little Tom, the heir, the only child f A cloud fell over the house; from Sir Tom himself to the lowest Bervnnt, all became partakers nna*ares of LuoVa dumb tenor. It was because the little life was BO important, because so much hung upon it, that everybody jumped to the conclusion that the worat issue might be looked for. Humanity has an instinctive, heathenish feeling that-God will take advantage of all the special circumstances that aggravate a blow. Lucy, for her part, received the Btroke into her very soul. She was outwardly more calm than when her heart had first been roused to terror by the death of the little child in the village. That which ahe had dreaded mi come, and all her power was collected to support her. The moment bad arrived—the time of trial—and she .would not faiL Her band was steady and her head clear, as is the case with the finer nature when confronted with deadly danger. This simple girl suddenly became like one of the women of tragedy, fighting, still and strong, with a desperation beyond all symbols—the fight with death. But Sir Tom took it differently. A woman can nurse her child, can do something for him ; but a man is helpless. At first he got rid of his nxieties by putting a oheerful face pon tbe matter, and denying the possibility ot danger. "The measles ! every child ad the measles. If no fuss was made the ittle chap," he declared, " would soon be all ight It was always a mistake to exaggerate.' But when there could no longer be any doubt n the subject, a curious struggle took place in Sir Tom s mind. That baby—die I That crowing, babbling creature pass away into the solemnity of death ! It nad not seemed possible, and when he tried to get it iiito bis mind his brain whirled. Wonder for the moment seemed to silence even the possibility of grief. He had himself gone through labours and adventures that would have killed a dozen men, and had never been conscious even of alarm about himself; and the idea of a life quenched in its beginning by so accidental a matter as a draught in a nursery seemed to him something incomprehensible. When he had heard of a child's death he had been used to say that the mother would feel it, no doubt, poor thing ; but it was a small event that scarcely counted in human history to Sir Tom. When, however, his own boy was threatened, after the first incredulity. Sir Tom felt a pang of anger and wretchedness which he could not understand. It was not that the family miBfortune of the loss of the heir overwhelmed him, for it was very impiobable that poor little Tom wonld be his only child; it was a more intimate and personal Bensation. A sort of terrified rage came over him which he dared not express ; for if indeed his child was to be taken from him, who was it bnt God that would do this! and he did not venture to turn his rage to that quarter. And then a oonfusion -^miserable feelings rose within him. One night he did not go to bed. It was impossible in the midst of the apxiety that filled the lipase, he said to himself. He spent the- weary hours in going softly np and down stairs 1 now listening at the door of the nursery and waiting for his wife, who aame out now and then to bring him a bulletin, now dozing drearily in his library downstairs. When the first gleams of the dawn stole in at the window be went out upon the terrace'in the misty, chill morning, all damp and miserable, with tbe trees standing about like ghosts. There was a dripping thaw after a frost, and the air was raw and the prospect dismal; but even that was less wretched than the glimmer of the shaded lights, the muffled whispering and stealthy footsteps indoors. He took a few turns up and down the terrace, trying to reason iumself out of this misoty. How was it, after alL that the little figure of this infant should overshadow earth and heaven to a man, a. reasonable being, whose mind and life were full of interests far more important. Love, yes! bnt love must have some foundation. The feeling which clung so strongly to a child with no power of returning it, and no personal qualities to excite it, must De mere instinct not mnoh above that of the animals.. He would not say this before Lucv, but there oould be no doubt it was the truth. He shook himself np mentally, and recalled himself to what he attempted to represent as the true aspeot of affairs. Hewas a man who had.obtained most things that this world can give. He had sonndeatife to its depths (as he thought), and tasted both the bitter and the sweet; and after having indulged in all these varied experiences it had been given to him. aa it is not given to many ' men, to come back from all wanderings and secure tbe satisfactions of mature life, wealth and social importance, and the power of acting in the largest imperial oonoerna. Sound about him everything was his—the nohle woods that swept away into the mist on every Bide, the fields and farms which began to appear in the misty paleness of the morning through the openings in the trees; and if lie had not by his side such a oompanion aa he had onoe dreamed of—the beautiful, highminded ideal woman of romance—yet he had got one of the beet of gentle souls to tread tne path of life along with - him, and «ympa-' tbise even when she did not understand. For a min who had not, perhaps, deserved veiy mnoh, -how. unusual was this happiness; and was it possible thpt all these things should be obscured, cast into the shade, by so small a matter as tbe sickness of a child! What had the baby ever done to make itself of so much importance? Nothing. It did not even understand the love it excited, and was incapable of making any response. Its very life was little more than a mechanical life. The woman who fed it was far more to it than its father, and there was nothing excellent or noble in the world to which it would not prefer a glittering tinsel or a hideouB dolL If the Uttle thing had grown up—indeed, if be had developed-human tastes ' and sympathies, and become a oompanion, an intelligence, a creature with affections and thought!—but that the whole house should thus be overwhelmed with miserable anxiety and pain because a being in the embryo state of exiBtenoe who could neither respond nor understand, what a strange thing it was I - "No doubt this instinct had been implanted in order to preserve the germ and keep the race going; but that it should thus develop into an absorbing passion and overshadow everything else in fife was a proof how the natural gets exaggerated, and, If we do not take care, changes Its character altogether, mastering us instead of being kept in its fit placo ana in check, es it ought to be by sense and reason. From time to time, as Sir Tom made these reflections, there would flit across his mind, as across a mirror, something which was not thought, which was like a picture momentarily presented before him. One of the most persistent of these, which flashed out and in upon his senses like a view in a msgio lantern, was of that moment in the midst of the flurry of- the election when little Tom, held up in his mother's artuv had clapped his baby hands for his father. This for a seoond would confound all his thoughts, and give his heart a pang aa if some oneliad seized and pressed it with an iron grasp; but the next moment he would pick up the thread of his reflections again, and go on with them. That, too, was merely mechanical, like all the little obap'a existenoe up to this point. Poor little ohap ; here Sir Tom stopped in his course of thought impeded by a weight at his heart which he oould not shake off, nor could he see the blurred and vague lsmdscape round hun—something more blinding even than the foghad got into hie eyes. Then Sir Tom started and his heart sprang up to his throat beating loudly. It was not anything of muoh importance, it was only the opening of the window by wnioh he himself had come out npon the terrace. He turned round quickly, too anxious even to ask a question. If it had been i king's messenger bringing him news that affected the whole kingdom, he would have turned away with an impatient " Pshaw I" or .struck tbe intruder out of his way. Bat it was his wife, wrapped in a dressing-gown, pale with watching, her hair pushed back upon her forehead, her eyes unnaturally bright, " How is he r cried Sir Tom, as if the question was one of life or death. LUQV told him, catching at his arm to support herself, that she thought there was a uttle improvement. " I have been thinking so for the last hour, not daring to think it, and yet I felt sure; and now nurse says so too. His breathing is easier. 1 have been on thorns to oome and tell you, but wonld not till I was quite sure," "Thank God I God be praised I" said Sir Tom. He did not pretend to be a religious man on ordinary occasions, but at the present moment be had no time to think, and spoke from tbe bottom of his heart. He supported his little wife tenderly on one arm, and pat back the disordered hair on her forehead, "fiowyouwill go and take a little rest, my darling, he Said. . Not yet,' not till the doctor comes, Bat you wantitAsmaohna I." "No; I had a long sleep on the sofa. We are all making fools of ourselvea, Lucv. The poor little chap will be all right We are ueer creatures. To think that you and I Sloiild make ourselves so miserable over a little thing like that, that knows nothing about it, that has no feelings, that does not care a button for you and me." "Tom, what are yon talking of? Notofmy boy, enrely—not my boy I" "Hiish, my sweet. Well," said Sir Tom, with a'tremulous 'laugh, "what is It but a Uttle polypus, after all ? that can do nothing bnt eat and sleep, and crow, perhaps—And clap its little fat hands," he Baid, with the tears somehow getting Into his voice, aud mingling with the laughter, " I allow that I am confusing my metaphors," At this moment the window opening npon the terrace jarred again, and another figure in a dressing-gown, nark and ghpstlike, &pjjeared; beckoning to Lucy, " My lady I my Lucy let go her husband's arm, thrust him awav from her with passion, gave him one wild look of reproach, and flew noiselessly like a spirit after the nurse to her child. Sir Tom, with his laugh still wavering about his mouth, half hysterically, though he was no weakling, tottered along the terrace to the open window, and stood there leaning against it, scarcely breathing, the light gone out of his eyes, his whole soul suspended, and every part of his strong body waiting for what another moment might bring to pass. 