CHAPTER XXIII. THE BREAKFAST TABLE. Lucy found her life much changed when Jock had gone, and she was left alone to face the change of circumstances which had tacitly taken place. The Contessa said not a word of terminating her visit. The depar ture of Lady Randolph apparently suggested nothing to her. She could scarcely have filled^ up the foreground more entirely than she did before—but she was now uncriticised, unremarked upon. There seemed to be no appropriation of more than her due, but it was very natural that a person of experience and powers of conversation like hers should take the leading place, and single Lucy, so much younger and with so much less ac quaintance with the world, fall into the back ground. And accordingly this was what happened. Madame di Forno-Populo knew everybody. She had a hundred mutual ac-' quaintances to tell Sir Tdm about, and they seemed to have an old habit of intercpurse, which by this time had been fully resumed. The evenings were the time when this was most apparent. Then the Coutessa was at her brightest. She had managed to intro duce shades upon all the lamps, so as to diffuse round lier a softened artificial il lumination such as is favourable to beauty that has passed its prime, and in this ruddy gloom she sat half seen, Sir Tom sometimes standing by her, sometimes permitted to take the other corner of her sofa—and talked to him, sometimes sinking her voice low as her reminiscences took some special vein, sometimes calling sweetly to her pretty Lucy to listen to this or that. These exten sions of confidence, generally, were brought in to make up for a long stretch ol more private communications, and the aspect of the little domestic circle was on such oc casions curious enough. By the table, in a low chair, with the full light of the lamp "upon her, sat Lucy, generally with some work in her hands; she did not read or write (exercises to which, to tell the truth, she was not much addicted) out of polite ness, lest she should seeni to be with drawing her attention from her guest, but sat there with her slight occupations, so as to be open to any appeal, and ready if she were wanted. On the other side of the table, the light making a sort of screen and division between them, sat Bice, generally with a book before her, which, as has been said, did not at all interfere with her power of giving a vivid attention to what was going on around her. These two said nothing to each other, and were often silent for the whole evening, like pieces of still life. Bice sat with ,her book upon the table, so that only the open page and the bauds that held the book were within the brightness of the light, which on the other side streamed down upon Lucy's fair shoulders and soft young face, and upon the work in her hands. In the corner was the light continuous murmur of talk; the half-seen figure of the Contessa, generally leaning back, looking up to Sir Torn, who stood with his arm on the mantel }iiece, with much animation, gesticulation of ler hands, and subdued laughter, the most lively current of sound, soft, intensified by little eloquent breaks, by emphatic gestures, by sentences left incomplete, but understood all the better for being half said. There were many evenings in which Lucy sat there with a little wonder, but no other active feeling in her mind. It is needless to say that it was not pleasant to her. She would sit and wonder wistfully whether her hus band had forgotten she was there, but then reminded herself that of course it was his duty to think of the Contessa first, and con soled herself that by and-bye the stronger would go away, and all would be as it had been. As time went on the desire that this should happen, and longing to have possession of her home again, grew so strong that she could scarcely subdue it, and it was with the greatest difficulty that she kdpt all expression of it from her lips. And by-and-bye, the warmth of this restrained desire so absorbed Lucy that she scarcely dared allow herself^to speak lest it should burst forth, and there seemed to herself to be continually going over in her mind a calculation of the chances, a scrutiny of everything the Contessa said which seemed to point at such a movement. But, indeed, the Contessa said very little upon which the most sanguine could build. She said nothing of her arrangements at all, nor what she was going to do, and answered none of Lucy's ardent and innocent fishings after information. The evenings became more and more intolerable to Lady Randolph as they went on. She was glad that anybody should come, however little she might care for their society, to break these private con ferences up. And this was not all, nor even perhaps the worst, of the vague evils not yet defined in her mind, and which she was very reluctant to define, which Lucy had to go through. At breakfast, when she was alone with her hus band, matters were almost worse. Sir Tom, it was evident, began to feel the l£le-a-l€le embarrassing. He did not know what to say to his little wife when they were alone. The Srcsence of the Dowager and Jock had freed im from any necessity of explanation, had kept him in Ms usual easy way; but now that Lucy alone sat opi>osite to him, he was more siient than hiB wont, and with no longer any of the little flow of simple observations, which had once been so delightful to her. Sir Tom was more uneasy than if she had been a stern and jealous l'Jeanor, a clear-sighted critic seeing through and through hiin. The con test was so unequal, and the weaker creature so destitute of any intention or thought of resistance, that he felt himself a coward and traitor for thus deserting her and overcloud ing her home and her life. Then he took to asking himself, did he overcloud her! Was she sensible of any difference ! Did she know enough to know that this was not how she ought to be treated, or was she not quite contented with her secondary place? Such a simple nature, would she not cry—would she not. show her anger if she was conscious of anything to be grieved or angry about? He took refuge in those newsx>apers which, he gave ont, it was so necessary he should study, to understand the mind of the country, before the opening of Parliament. _ And thus they would sit, Lucy dutifully filling out the tea, taking care that he had tne dish he liked for breakfast,, swallowing _ her own with difficulty yet lingering over it, always think ing that perhaps Tom might have something to say. While he, on tne other hand, kept behind his newspaper, feeling himself guilty, conscious that another sort of woman would make one of those "scenes" which men dread, yet despising Lucy a little in spite of himself for the very quality he most admired in her, - and wondering if she were really capable of feeling at alL Sometimes little Tom would be brought downstairs to roll about the carpet and try liis unsteady little limbs in a series of clutches at the chairs and table; and on these occasions the meal was got through more easily. But little Tom was not always well enough to come_ downstairs, and sometimes Lucy thought that her hus band might have something to say to her which the baby's all-engrossing presence hindered. Thus it came about that the hours in which the Contessa was present and in the front of everything, were really less painful than those in which the X'air were alone with the shadow of the intruder, more powerful even than her presence holding them apart. One of these mornings, however, Lucy's anticipations and hopes seemed to be realized. Sir Tom laid down his paper, looked at her frankly without any shield and said, as she had so often imagined him saying, "1 want to talk to you, Lucy." How glad she was that little Tom was not downstairs that morning. She looked at him across the table with a brightening countenance, and said, " Yes, Tom," with such warm eagerness and sudden pleasure that her look penetrated his very heart. It implied a great deal more than Sir Tom intended and thought, and he was a man of very quick intelligence. The expectation in ker eyes touched him beyond a thousand complaints. "I had an interview yesterday, in which you were much concerned," he said; then made a pause, with such a revolution going 011 within him as seldom happens in a mature and self-collected mind. He had begun with totally different sentiments from those which suddenly came over him at the sight of her kindling face. When he said, "I want to talk to you, Lucy," he had meant to speak of her interview with Mr. Rusliton, to point out to her the folly of what she was doing, and to show her how it was that he should be compelled to do everything that was in his power to oppose her. He did not mean to go to the root of the matter, as he had done before, when he was obliged to admit to himself he had failed; but to address himself to the secondary view of the question—to the small prospect there was of doing any good. But when he caught her eager, questioning look, her eyes growing liquid ana bright with emotion, her face full of restrained anxiety and hope, Sir Tom's heart smote him. What did she think he was going to say ? Not anything about money, important as that subject was in their lives—but something far more im portant, something that touched her to the quick—a revelation upon which her very soul hung. He was startled beyond measure by this disclosure. He had thought she did not feel, and that her heart, una wakened, had re garded calmly, with no pain to speak of, the new state of affairs of which he himself was guiltily conscious; but that eager look put an end in a moment to his delusion. He paused and swerved mentally as if an angel had suddenly stepped into his way. " It is about—that will of your father's," he Lucy, gazing at him with such hope and expectation, suddenly sank, as it were, pros trate in the depth of a disappointment that almost took the life out of her. She did not indeed fall physically or faint, which peoi>le seldom do m moments of extreme mental suffering. It was only her countenance that' fell. Her brightening, beaming, hopeful face grew blank in a moment; her eyes grew utterly dim, a kind of mist running over them ; a sound—half a sob, half a sigh, came from her breast. She put up her hand, trembling, to support her head, which shook too with the quiver that went over her. It took her at least a minute to get over the shock of disappointment. Then commanding herself painfully, but without looking at him—which, indeed, she dared not •do—she said again, "Yes, Tom?" with a piteous quiver of her lip. It did not make Sir Tom any the less kind, and full of tender impulses, that he was wounding his wife in the profoundest sensi bilities of her heart. In this point the greater does not include the lesser. He was cruel iu the more important matter, without intending it indeed, and from what he con sidered a fatality, a painful combination of circumstances out of which he could not escape; hut in the lesser particulars he was as kind as ever. He could not bear to see her suffering The quiver in her lip. the failure of the colour of her cheeks, affected hiln so that he could scarcely contain himself. . "My dear love," he cried, "my little Lucy! you are not afraid of what 1 am going to say to you?" These words came to his lips naturally, with the affectionate impulse of his kind nature. But when he had said them, an impulse which was perhaps more crafty than loving followed. Quick as thought lie changed his intention, his purpose, alto fether. He could not resist the appeal of .ucy's face; but he slipped instinctively from the more serious question that lay be tween them, and resolved to sacrifice the other, which was indeed very important, yet could he treated in an easier way and without involving anything more painful. Sir.Tom was at an age when money has a great value, and 1 the mere sense of possession is pleasant; and ; there was a principle involved which he had I determined a few weeks ago not to relin quish. But the position in which he found I himself placed was one out of which some way of escape had to be invented at once. *' Lucy," he said, " you are frightened; you think I am going to cross you iu the matter that lies bo near your heart. But you mis take me, my dear. I think I ought to be your chief adviser in that as in all matters. It is my duty, but I hope you never thought that I would exercise any force upon you to put a atop to—what you thought right." Lucy had overcome herself, though with a painful effort. She followed with a quivering humility what he was saying. She acknow ledged to herself that this was, indeed, the great thing in her life, and that it was only her childishness and foolishness which had made her place other matters in the chief place. Most likely, she said to herself, Tom •was not aware of anything that required ex planation; he would never think it pos sible that she could be so ungracious and un kind as to grudge his guests their place in his house. She gathered herself up hastily to meet him when he entered upon the great •question which was far. more important—: which was the only sore question between them. " I know," she said, " that yon were :always kind, Tom. If I did not ask you first it was because" " We need not enter upon that, my dear. I was angry, and went too far. At the same time, Lucy, it is a mad affair altogether. "Your father, himselfl had he realized the •difficulty of carrying it ont wonld have seen this. I only say so to let yon know my opinion is unchanged. And yon. know your tiustees are of the same mind. But if you think this is yonr duty, as I am sure you do" It seemed to Lucy that her duty had Bailed far away from her on some sea of strange dis tance and dnlness where she could scarcely keep it in eight. Her own very voice seemed Btrange and dull to her, and far away, as she said almost mechanically. " I do not think it is my duty—to my father " I am aware that you think so, my love. Ab you get older you will, perhaps, see as I do—that to carry out the spirit of your father's will would, be better than to follow eo closely the letter of it. But you are still very young, and Jock is younger; and, fortu nately, you can afford to indulge a freak of this sort. I shall let Mr. Rushtonknow that I withdraw all opposition. And, now, give me a kiss, and let us forget that there ever was any controversy between us—it never went further than a controversy, did it, darling?" Sir Tom said. Lucy could not speak for the moment. She looked up into his face with her eyes all liquid with tears, and a great confusion in her soul. Was this all ? As he kissed her, and smiled, leaning over her in the old kind way, with a tenderness that was half-fatherly and indulgent to her weakness, she did not seem at all Bure what it was that had moved like a ghost between him and her; was it in reality only this—this and no more ? She almost thought so aB she looked up into his kind face. Only this. How glad it would have | made her three weeks ago to have his sanction for the thingshe was so reluctant to attempt— which it was so much her duty, to do, which Jock urged with so much pertinacity, and which her father from his grave enjoined. If it affected her but dully how, whose was the fault? Not Tom's, who was so generously ready to yield to her, although he disap proved. When he returned behind his news paper once more with a kind smile at her, to end the matter, Lucy sat quite still in a curious stunned confusion trying to account for it all to herself. There coulabe no doubt, she thought, that it was she who was in the wrong. She it was who had created the embarrassment altogether. He was not even aware of any other cause. It had never occurred to his greater mind that she could be so petty as to fret under the interruption which their visitors had made in her life. He had thought that the other matter was the cause of her dulncss and silence, and generously had put an end to it, not by re quiring any sacrifice from her, but by making one in liis own person. She sat silent, trying to realize all this, but unable to get quite free from the confusion aud dimness that had invaded her soul. 