THE NOVELIST. ANNE. From " Harper's Monthly." CHAPTER I. (Continued). Aune and her father turned north fard. The southern half of the little village had two streets, one behind the other, and both were clogged and over shadowed by the irregular old buildings of the once-powerful fur company. These anciebet fiames em pty and desolate, rose above the low cottages ot the islanders, sometimes three and four stories in height with the old pulleys and hoisting apparatus still in place under their peaked roots like gallows ready for the old traders to hang themselves upon if they came back and saw the degeneracy of the furless times. No one used - these warehousesnow,no one propped them, no one pulled them down ;there they stood, closed and empty, their owners being but so many discouraged bones under the sod; for the Oompany had dissolved to the four winds of heaven, leaving only far-off doubtful and quar 11"!ling heirs, The little island could not have the buildings ; neither could it pull them down. They, were dogs in the manger, therefore if the people had looked upon them with progressive A.mericau eyes ; but they were hard ly American. If they had any glory it was of that very past,the days when those buildings were full of life. There was scarcely a family on the is land that did not cherish its tradition of merry fur-trading times when "'grand father" was a factor, a superintendent a clerk, a hunter";' even a voyager had his impoitance, =now that there were no more voyagers. Those were gay days they said; they should never look upon their like again ; unless,in deed, the past should come back--a possibility which did not seem so un likely on the island as it does else where, since the people were plainly retograding, and who knows but that they might some. time even catch up with the past ? North of the piers theme was only one street, which i an along thie water's i edge.. On the land:side first came the fort garden, where successive compan ies of soldiers had vainly fought the climate in an eigricultural way, red coats of England. and blue.ceats of the United States,with much th.a same -esults of partially ripened vegetables inipped fruits, aiid lallid flowers :for the island summer was beautiful, but too s.hort for lu ciousness. Hardy plants grew well, but there was always a persistent preference for those that were not hardy-like delicate beauties who are loved and cherished tenderly' whilethe strong brown maids go "by unnoticed. The officer's wives made catsup of the green tomatces, and loved their weakling flowers for. far away home's sake ; and as the Indians brought in canoe-loads of fine full jarketed potatoes fromn their little farms on the mainland, the officers could afford to let the soldiers do fancy work in the -government fields if it pleased the exileladies, Beyond the army garden was the old Agency HIouse. :The A.eucy itself had long been removed ferthb r westward, fol lowing the retreating, dwindl ng tribes of the red men faither to wards the Rocky Mountains; but the old house remained. On its door ab:ass plate was still fixed bearing tihe words, ,' United States Agltny. " But it was now tihe ihome of a pliin,, unimportant ciizen,Williain Douglas. Amnne ran up the path t., wards the front door thinking of. the c:hildren andi the supper. She climbo!d the un even snow-covered steps, t;mrned the latch, and entered the dn~ik hall. There was a line of light' under thie lhft-haundl door and takin; . off her fur-lined overshoes she went in. The room was large ; its three windows were protectedl by shutters and thickj curtains of red hue, faoed but clihery ; a great fire of lhgs was burning on the hearth lighting up every e rner with its flame and glow and making thepoor furniture splendid. In its radiance the curtains were damasnk, the old carpet a Ycmsian-iiued luxury, and the preparations for cooking an Arabian i.ight's display. Three little boys ran forward to meet their sister; a girl, who was basking in the glow ofthe flame, looked up languidly. They were odd childre,, with black eyes, coal-black hair, derk skins, and bold eagle outlines. The eldest, the girl, was small-a strange little creas ture, wita braids of black hair hanut ing down behind almost to her ankil es, half closed blabk eyes, little hands and feet, a low s3ft voice, and the grace of a young panther. The boys were larger, handsome little fellows of wild aspect. In fact, all four were of mixed blood, their mother having been a beautiful French quar t erofreed, and. their fatlh r-William Douglas. "Annet, Annet, can't we have coffee ?" "-It is a -biting night, isn't it ,?.- " said Tits, coining to her sistor's side and stroking her cold !hand gently. "I really think, Annet, that you ought tohave something substantial. You see 1 think of you ; wherea~ those howling piggish bears think only of themselves. . - " I have thought of something bet ter still. " said William Douglas's eldest daughter, 'kissing her little sister fondly, and tieon stepping out of her last covering, and lifting the heap from the floor--" batter cakes !: " The boys gave a shout of delight and danced up and down on the hearth. Tits went back to liher corner and sat down, clasping her little brown' hands aro und her ankles, like the embalmed monkeys of the Nile. Her corner was made by an old secretary and the side of the great chimney : this space she had lined and carpeted with furs and there she sat curled up with hor book or her bead-work all through the long winter, refusing to leave the house unless absolutely ordered out by Anne,who filled the place of mother to these motherless little ones. Tita was well satisfied with the prospectof the batter cakes ;she would probably ,eat two if Anne browned them well, and they were light and tender. But as for those boys those wolf-dogs those beasts, they would probably: swallow dozens, " If you come any nearer, Louis, I shall lay open-the side of your head,'" she announced gently, as the boys danced teo near the hermitage: they accustomed alike to her decisions and her words, danced farther away with out any discussion of the subject. Tita was an excellent playmate sometinmes; her little moccasined feet, .and long braid streaming behind, formed the most exciting feature of their summer races; her blue cloth skirt up in the tops of the tallest trees, the provoca tve elementin their summer climbing She was a pallid little creature, while they were brown : small while they were large ; but she domineered like a king, and wreaked a whole vocabu lay of roughest fishermen's terms up on them when they disphased her. Ono awful vengeance she reserve l as a last resort ;when they had been un bearably troublesome she stole into her room at niggt in her little white night-gown, with all her long thick black hair loose, combed over her face, and ,hanging down around her nearly to her feet.. This was a ghostly visitation which the boys could not endure, for she left a lamp in the hall outside, sothitt they could dimly see her, and then she stood and swayed toward them slowly, backward and forward, without a'sound, all the time coaning nearer, until they shrieked aloud in terror, and Anne, hurrying to the rescue, found only three fright ened little fellows cowering togethPer in their broad bed, and the ihairy ghost gone. "How can you do such. things,' ita?' she said. "It is the only way by which :i can keep the little devils in order replied Tita. "Do not-use such.words doea." "Mldthir did," said tihe youngest sister in her soft calmn voice. This was tue, and Tita knew" that Anne never impunged the memory of that mother. "Who volunteers to help?'" ;-said Anune, lighting a candle in an iron candlestick, and opening a door. "I," said .JAouis. "I said Gabriel. "'Me too" said little Andlre. They 'ollowed her, hopping along together, with arms interlinked, while her candle shed a light on :the bare walls and floors of the rooms through which they: passed, a series of little apartments, empty and desolate, at the end of which was the kitchen; in habited in the daytime by an Irish woman, a soldier's wife, who came in the moruing before Lreakfast, " and went home at dusk, the only servant William Douglas's fast-thinning pursee could afford. Anne might have had her kitchen nearer what Miss Lois called the "keeping-iroom; ianiy one of the five in the series would have answered the purpose as well as the one she had chosen. But - she - had a dream of furnishing them ýill sone day according to a plan of her ow)i, and it wonld have troubled her great ly to have used her propoced china, closet, pantry, storo-room, preserve closet, or fruit-room for culirary pur poses. FHow often had she ý one over the whole in her mind, settling the position of every shelf, and deliberat-; ing over the pattern of the cups! l[ie Irishwoman hid left some gleams of fire on the h'arth, and the boys im mediately set themselves .to work burying potatoes:in :thle ashes, with the hot hearth-stone beneath. "For of course you are going to cook in the sitting-room, Annet, they said. v We made all rea?y for you there; and, besides this fire is out.'' "'You could masily--have kept it up" said the sitsr smifling. ' However, as i: is Chiuitm-as eve, I will lot you h.lsve your way." . : The boys alertly loaded .themselves with fhe articles she ('hvo thoril, and went hopping back into the sitting room They scorned to walk on Christmas-eve the tlhing was to 1hop0 and yet _carry eveiy dish sreadily They arranged the table, still in a sort of dancing step, andI sang toget her in their shrill childish voices a tune of their own, withor;it :any iwords but " Ho! ho! h '!' Tita, in hler corner kept watch over the proceed ings, and itihaledl the aronu'a of the coffee with indolent a-nticipation. Tihe tin.pot stood on the heaitth near her suirrounded by coals; it was a battered old coffee pot, grimy as a camp kettle but dear to all the house-hold, 'and their principal comforter when the weather was bitter, provisions scarce, or the boys espeially troublesome; they could:not help ihavring the measles or the whooping-cough. Thiey need ed coffee, thlerefore, for thie conflict, when thl:ey felt it coming on, as niuch as any of the household. Poor Anne's cooking utensils were few and old; - it was hard to make batter cakes over an open fire without the-proper hanginggriddie. But she attempted it, nevertheless, aundt at length, with acarlet cheeks, placed a plateful of. them, browiti light; and smoking, upon the table. "Now Louis, run for the potatoes;.and, Tita, call-father." Thi; one thing Tita would do; she aspired to be. her father's favorite. She went out with a noiseless stop, and presently returned leading- in the tell bent, grey gray-haired fathier, hlier small brown-hand holding his tightly, her dark eyes fixed upon. him with a persistanit steadiness, as if determined to iPolate all his attention upon her self. William I) Douglas was neveer thoroughly at ease with his youngest daugthter; she had this habit of watch ing him silently, which made him un conrfor:able. The boys he under stood; and made allowan.es for their wildniess; but this girl with her: soft still ways, perplexed and troubled him. She seemed to embody; as it were, his own mi-takes, and hlie never looked at lher pale face and diminutive figure without a vague feeling that she was dwelling on earth in elfish form, with a hmalf-developed contradic tory nature, to remind himl of his past weakness. Standing at the head of the table, tall and straight; with her nobly poised head and clear Saxon eyes,.-his otherI daughter awaited him and met his gaze with a bright smile he always come back to her with a sense of coimfort. But Tita jealouisly brought` his attention to, hlerellf again by pulling his haend and leading him to his chair, taking her own place close beside hirm. le was a tall mali and- her head did not reach his elbow but she ruled him. The father now asked a blessing; he always hrsitated on his way through it, once or twice, as though he had forgotten what to say, but took up the thread again atter an instaut's pause, and went on. When he.came to the end, and said " men," lie always sat down "'with a relieved air. If you had asked hi-n what he said, he could not have told you unless you started him at the be ginning, when the old formula would have rolled off his lies inthe same vague, mnieohanical way. The meal proceeeded in comparative quiet; the boys no longer hunin ed and shuffled their foct; they were engaged with the cakes. Tita refrained from- remarks save once, when Gabriel having drop ped buttered crumbs upon her dress, she succinctly threateied-- him, with dismeuiberment. Do ulas gazed at her helplessly and sighed: "She will be a woman soon," he said to his eldest daughter, when, _an hour or two later,'she joined him in his own apaltment, and drew from iti hiding place her large sewing basket, filled with Christmas presents. "Oh no father she is but a child," answerel Antne cheerfully, "As she grows older these little faults will vanish." "How old is she?' said Douglas "Jutst thirteen." The father played a bar "of Men' delssohn niselessly on the-arm of' his chair with his long thin fingors; he was thinking that he. had married Tita's mother whenu she was hardly three years older.- Anne was :absorbed in-her presents. "See father will not this be nice for Andre? And this for Gabriel? And I have made such a pretty doll for Tita.' 'fWill she care for it dear?" "Of-course she will:;-Dil -.i - not play with my own dear. doll until I was fourteen years old--yes almost lifteen?"said the girl with a little laugh and blush:. "'And you are- now-'" ; "I am over sixteen.' "A great . ge, saiid Douglis smooth ing her thick brown hair fondly, as shie sat near hiim bending over her sowing. To be continued. 