CRICKET. CRICKET NOTES. [By Point.] The cricket on the Oval last Saturday was vol thy of a better attendance. Since two innings' matches were introduced the interest in club cricket has gradually dwindled away until now the spectators on Saturday after noons seem to be almost made up from the partisans of the different teams. In the old days, when each club batted once only, it was different. The chance of seeing the Nor woods beat the Hindmarsh or vice versa in a single afternoon was a sufficient inducement to attract crowds to the Oval, and there was an amount of enthusiasm pervading those crowds w hich we, who still attend, now look for in vain. The residents of Hindmarsh still take a pride in their cricket representatives, and they come to see them play, and cheer Noel, Jarvis, & Co. on with a will, but there is not that general sympathy for players and the Club excitement there was two years ago. Of course two iunings' matches are the ortho dox thing in first- class cricket, but when the games are strung on from Saturday to Satur day the interest is lost, and even though the longer game reduces the percentage of luck in a match, I doubt if the Association would lose popularity by reverting to the old plan of playing one innings only. The Norwoods got in on a capital wicket against the North Adelaides, and under these circumstances 181 was not an out of the way result against the weak bowling at Slight s command. But for Letchford, however, the total would probably have been insignificant. Several of the Norwood batsmen are not within stones of their best form at the present time. Kichards is either a good batsman or a very bad one. Just now he is not himself at all, and no one witching his play would give him credit for being able to bat. Lucas, too, seems to have lost his defence for the time, aid the sooner these two men pull themselves together the better it will be for the Norwoods. Lyons played capitally, and it was fortinats for the North Adelaides that they ran him oat, for he was well set, and playing the bowling with great ease. Walter Giffen shaped in his nsual graceful style, and was in no huny to begin, but just when he looked dangerous, one from Bevan which kept a bit low bowled him, to the great delight of the opposition. P. Letchford's performance was worthy of auy of onr best batsman. He baa a finished style with good bitting power, capital defence, and the patience to wait for the runs to come. To make seventy-three runs without a 1 - - * ■ x- . young chance is highly creditable to a yo player, and Letchford's winnings on Satur day was acute good enough to make ny was quite good enough to make one wonder why the Committee have allowed him to remain in the second eleven so long. I am told there are some more very capable colts in the Norwood second eleven. If there arc any of the Letch ford stamp the Club had better produce them and dispense with some of their veterans. By-the-bye, Blinman shaped capitally on Saturday, and if his knee does not militate against mm, this very neat little bat should come to the front before the end of the season. Of the North Adelaide bawling there is not much to be said. Bevan, Olax ton, Phillips, and Stow did most of the work, and none of them are first-class on a good wicket except Bevan, and it is only at rare intervals that he comes up to his old form. On Saturday he tried the old game of pitch ing them on the off for catches, but the wicket did not suit these tactics. Claxton bowls a lot of rubbish, but secures an occa sional wicket, and having a good deal of judgment, be does not come in for the Sunishment one would expect to see his eliveries visited with. The fielding was fatchy. Knill at the wickets was fair, and inlayson was rather brilliant at times in the outfields; but W. Slight was not at his best. E. G. Phillips stills earns a round of applause occasionally ; but his best efforts are spoilt by a bad return. The North Adelaides began badly, losing Finlayson for nil, and Craigie— who must be ranked as their best batsmen, I suppose-for a dozen. Knill hit well for 10, but be is as unsafe as ever. B. M. Stow's 29 were made by good sound cricket, and be combines defence with the ability to hit hard all round. While lie and W. Slight were together the Norwood bowling was severely handled, and I was very glad to sec the North Adelaide skipper in a run-getting mood. As the game stands the Norwoods Lave a little the best of it on paper, but if the wicket is as good as it was on the opening day, Slight, Bundle, and Claxton may succeed in reaching their opponent's score, as the Norwoods are not strong in howling now that Geo. Giffen and Quilty are lost to them. ■ The Kensington and Hindmarsh match is a foregone conclusion for the latter club, who are perhaps Borne distance in front of any other Association team at the present time. Good fellow's team batted without much luck, and this may be urged as some excuse for tlieir failing to make more than 77 on a good wicket. It was had luck to have Thurgar land run out just as he had become well set, and while giving every credit to Bridcson for the catch, it must also be admitted that he waB very lucky to hold the ball which Evans returned, not to him, but within reach of his left hand. "With three or four exceptions, most of the Kensington men are very young players, and going in in the face of a small score is not calculated to put them on terms with themselves and inspire the confidence necessary to resist the fair bowling and very sharp fielding of the Hindmarsh. Jarvis is a terror to young players meeting with him for perhapB the first time, ana with Noel here, there, and everywhere their position is somewhat trying. When they gain expe rience and get the strength of tne ground some of the youngsters drafted into the Ken sington Eleven will develop into fair players, and perhaps one or two matches may fall to the Club's share this season when they engage the weaker Clubs in the Association. Faucbon played very steadily for his 17, and must be congratulated upon a creditable first appearance. Gwynne also showed useful form, and though he lacks style he may often make runs. Jervis was very steady, and did not show to advantage by comparison with some of his displays last season. Jarvis was instrumental in disposing of three batsmen, and the way be snapped up balls on the leg side must nave astonished the youngters, who are not nsed to being stumped as the penalty of missing an opportunity of hitting a leg ball. As might liave been expected, the Hindmarsh topped their opponents score without much difficulty. Jarvis was unlucky again, but his companion-in-arms, Noel, was in very fine form, and did not give the ghost of a chance while compiling his 48. H. C. Chittlehorough, whose batting and fielding will probably earn him a place in the next Eleven picked to play for the colony, was in a very free mood; and it was a relief to the Kensingtons when Goodfellow shot away his bails with a fast ball. Brideson is a player of the dashing order. He hit with great spirit for his 56, and being a useful bowler and field the Hindmarsh may be said to have in him the acquisition of the season. The Kensingtons bowline was rendered very weak by the absence of Caterer; and before leaving the match it may be mentioned that Goodfeilow's delivery was freely commented upon all round the ground. J. E. Goodfellow has received a letter from Tom Emmett, stating that a team of profes sionals will come out next season to star it in Australia. Emmett says the team is likely to be made up from the following men :— Ulyett, Lockwood, Bates, Peate, Emmett (Yorkshire), Shrewsbury, Flowers, Barnes, Walter Wright (Notts), Maurice Read, and Able or Henderson (Surrey), Pilling, Bar low, Crosslaud (Lancashire). This informa tion hardly coincides with the following paragraph taken from the Sydney Mail " Mr. John Conway has received a letter from Messrs. Shaw, Shrewsbury, and Lilly white, the promoters of the last English pro fessional team which visited Australia, stating they have completed arrangements for the visit of an English Eleven to Australia during the next cricket season. The team will consist of eight professional and four amateur cricketers. Several players un known to Australia are mentioned among those who are coming." Speaking of a new cricketer who has been brought to light by Murdoch " Censor" says: —"The Cootamundra colt, Armstrong, who performed so well with the ball in the match the other day against Cootamundra with Wagga, and of whom Murdoch thinks so highly, cannot leave his employ in the countty to attend the intercolonial practice on the Association Ground, but if selected to represent the colony, he will be willing to play against Victoria. The Match Com mittee, however, are averse to his selection for that important event before judging as to his capabilities themselves. Murdoch is of opinion that he is the most promising bowler in the colony, so the Selection Committee may include him in the players which are to be taken to Melbourne from whom the final team will be selected. If thirteen men are to he sent over to Melbourne, he might be taken there for a trial. New Sonth Wales was never so short for bowling, and before finally rejecting Armstrong's offer the Selection Committee would do well to think the matter well over, for if Spofforth and Garrett should fail to operate successfully against tlie power ful Victorian batsmen our men will be in for a rare leather-hunting." It seemB to be generally understood that Jarvis will form one of the next Australian Eleven, aDd there is some talk of Noel being tusked to join the venture, but we can hardly hope to get more than two men in the team. GeorgcGilfen is one of the Committee chosen to pick the men, an honour which his per formances and position in the cricket world fairly entitle him to. Speaking of our Association's advertisement for a coach, "Felix" in the Australasian, writes:—"The Adelaide fellows are on the look out for a professional to fill the place vacated by Jesse Hide. It will not be easy to get as efficient a man as Hide; but I dare say, from various applicants for the position, a good man can be chosen. I understand that Sam Morris, the well-known curator of the Richmond ground, has applied. He is a capital all- round player, ana can prepare a wicket in a style Becond to none: and, in fact, is altogether such a useful man that the Richmond fellows would be sorry to lose him. They will willingly, however, do all in their power to enable him to im prove his position in life; and have, there fore, decided to heartily support -his appli cation for the vacancy on the Adelaide Oval." The Juniors who are going to Melbourne played at Gawler on Saturday, and - going in first against the local they put on 165, a total which speaks well for their batting strength. J. 8. Hill made 37, J. Short 39, and J. Thomson 36. The following are the names of the team selected for Melbourne.-—Dwyer, Goode. Toseland (Alma), Caust (Chain of Ponds), Burton (Gawler), J. Short (Adelaide), Weeks, J. Hill (Hindmarsh Literary), P. Perkins (Bowden Tyros), J. Donnell (South Suburban), E. Noye, Larner (South United): emergency, T. Latter (Glenside). A good authority assures me that this is not nearly the strongest team that could have been selected. There are only two Adelaide and Suburban men included. I see by an exchange ■that the Cathonas, one of the best junior clubs in Sydney, intend visiting Melbourne during the Christmas holidays to test their strength against the Capulets and North Fitzroy Clubs. Mr. A. E. Clarke (says the Leader, who is) EaBt Melbourne's best and firmest supporter, gives each season a prize ba t for every indi vidual score of 100 runs made by an East Melbourne player in any eleven of the Club, and this season his prize-list promises to assume huge proportions. The required number, it must be known, is 50 runs only if the match be against either Melbourne or South Melbourne, therefore, during two days of last week five members of the first eleven achieved the honour, viz, Lewis 112, Groube 85, McShane 82 not out, all against Mel bourne, on Friday; and Scott 138, and Mid winter 113, against Hotham, on Saturday. The match against Hotham was continued on Saturday, when the East Melbourne innings closed for 578, and Trapp made 103, so that Mr. Clarke is due for one more bat. The cricketers of Victoria and New South Wales are preparing for the Intercolonial Match, which will begin in Melbourne on Boxing Bay. Mr. Cooper has selected the followingvictorians to practise:—Alexander, Blackham, Boyle, Bonnor, Bruce, Edwards Groube, Horan, Lewis, Midwinter, McDon nell, McShane, Palmer, Slight, Seott, Turner, Walters. From this sixteen a very strong team should be selected. The New South Wales people have made no definite selection yet, but tney will have to call up all their available strength if they wish for a chance f success. i MuBgrove, of the East Melbourne Club, made two centuries last week—110 for the Stage against the Press, and 114 for East Melbourne against Almanacs. From the list of English batting figures published below it will be seen that W. W. Head comes out at the head of the list with the splendid average of 47'22 for 39 innings. C. T. Studd, the best all-round man in England, made 41'4 for 34 innings, and as he played in some leading fixtures which Mr. Head passed over in order to assist his county, the Cambridge man's performance muBt be ranked as equal to that of the Surrey amateur. W. G. Grace comes third, and is still a very fine player, though not the champion. Hall did wonderfully well at the close of the season, and beat Ulyett for the professional average; but the Sheffield crack played eight more innings, and for aggregate was only one run behind Mr. Read. In bowling Watson with 96 wickets for 11*79 is first, and then come Shaw, Cross land, and Harrison. The latter, a fast bowler in the Yorkshire Eleven, came off wonderfully well for a colt. Peate was not eo successful as he was last season, but Emmett is pretty high up in the list, and Barrett had the honour of capturing more wickets than any other man, 