GIPSY JACK THE BUSH- RANGER. Those who have been many years Australia, and have followed different pursuits, have seen various changes and experienced many ups and downs. Mine certainly has been a chequered life, and though it has not exactly touched the opposite extremes of fortune, it has not boon very far from either at times. On the whole have enjoyed life, and can truly say havo enjoyed it as maeh ia my digger's tent, with my mutton chop and tea, as I havo done when surrounded with the luxuries of civilised society. It may be an accident of temperament, or a happy knack of suiting myself to circumstances, yet such is the fact that I have exporicuccd a great deal more of happiness in the world than of discomfort or misery. Somehow, anything unpleasant seems to fade array from my memory as soon as over, while that which has been pleasant remains crystallized in my brain as a beautiful gem that can be often looked upon. My wanderings about the bush and from diggings to diggings havo boon performed in various ways. Sometimes I havo driv< in a comfortable trap with everything to make the journey pleasant. At other times while my tores and penatcs have been carried in a lumbering waggon I have trudged sturdily behind, lending an occasional hand when a bog deeper than ordi nary stayed the progress of the vehicle. Again, I have ridden on the back of a nearly thoroughbred horse, my veins tingling in response to his elastic motion, and then when my finances have been at a low ebb I havo performed my journey on foot, with my household goods strapped on my shoulders in regular swag fashion. Of course, as may be imagined, these wanderings have brought mo into contact with many queer characters, and havo given me opportunities of hearing strange stories and adventures that otherwise I should never have listened to. Of many I made notes at tho time, and others havo been treasured in my brain. Of these some have been forgotten for years, and then they como suddenly to my recollection with a vividness aa if they had happened but yesterday. Of this latter class is tho event I am about to narrate, and although it is twenty-five years ago I can see tho principal character as plainly before me now as then, when he was reclining on his opossum rug before our solitary bush fire. It was in the latter end of the spring of the year when, after a weary day's march, I dropped my swag on the banks of the Campaspe River. I had not been following any road, but had travelled across the bush, steering my course by the sun. had emerged from the heavy timber on the top of a range, when the valley opened out before and beneath me, a bright green oasis sparkling with many flowers, through which the.river, like a silver thread, wound its tortuous course. Quickening my pace I was soon quenching my thirst from the clear sparkling stream, after which I proceeded to make preparations for camping for the night. A few boughs were quickly gathered to make a breakwind, and close to these I made my bod. A rug composed of wild dog-skins was laid with the skin side down, and upon this my blankets were placed. Over this when I had turned in I drew a portion of the rag, and thus could sleep snugly arid warmly whatever the weather might be. Two or three large logs being at hand I soon had a brisk fire burning, and while my quart-pot was boiling I sat myself on a log and enjoyed a refreshing smoke, at the same time taking in the beauties of the scone. Tho spot was indeed a lovely one. My camp was fixed upon a little flat round •which the river swept, making a delightful murmur as it passed over tho coarse gravel of its bed. A few giant gums were scattered here and there along the rivet's course, while beyond were a series of rounded rises, over which were scattered sheoak, honey-suckle, and blackwood trees, singly or in graceful groups, giving the country a park-like appearance. Beyond in the distance, and glowing with pink and blue, under the influence of the declining sun, lay the granite ranges, while to my right the sombre hues of tho distant forest closed in the view. The level beams of the son .seemed to light up all into life —here throwing flickering shadows, now falling on the stream like molten gold, and glancing on tree and rock till the distance seemed a confused mass of emeralds and brightness.. Overhead a few solemn clouds Bailed slowly along, while the sun seemed setting in a sea of amber, surrounded by crimson and purple hangings. Having drank in my fill of the beauties of the scene, and my pipe being finished, I proceeded to the important though more prosaic matter of providing for my natural wants. The tea being made, I drew from my wallet a supply of bread and ham, and made a hearty meal. After which, darkness having closed around, I filled my pipe, and turned into the blankets. I could not have passed more than a quarter or half an hour in this state when I became aware of a sound in tho distance. It was not the only sound I could hoar, for I had just been listening to the distant music of a wild dog, and a night-owl had a moment before flown past with his melancholy whoop, while at the very moment a flight of wild geese passed screcching over my head. The sound, however, that I now heard was different, and the faint pit-a-pat became more distinct, and I soon heard tho regular beat of a horse's hoofs coming along at full gallop. I could tell tho horse had a rider on his back from the regularity of the sounds, and I wondered who could be galloping alone through the bush at such a late hour. I was soon relieved of all suspense, for the*sounds grew rapidly nearer, and in a fow brief moments a horse with its rider came within the circlo of tho fire's light. " Who goes there ?" I cried, handling my pistols, for it was in the times when bushrangers were often met. " A friend who has lost his way," was tho answer, in a deep voice, " and one who wants a shakedown by your fire." " Come on then, friend," I replied; ' you're welcome, and I daresay you won't object to something to eat ?" " No, indeed, mate. This yer child has had nuthiu all day, and I'm mighty peckish," he replied. At the same moment he sprang from the saddle, and having cross-hobbled his horse he took off the furniture and let him loose. "There, Biackboy," ho said, "you've carried mo well to-day, now pick up as much tucker ns yer can atweon this and daylight, for yer must go to-morrer." Tho newcomer was a rather stout and tall man of a swarthy complexion, and dark black eyes full of fire. He had a long bushy beard and black moustache. He was clothed in a tight-fitting guernsey and Bristol cord pants, with knee boots, to which wero attached heavy spurs. Over his guernsey ho woro what was then known as a short pilot jacket, and ho had upon his head a broadbrimmed felt hat, looped up on one side with a small black feather. His opossum rug was strapped in front of his saddle, and he carried in his belt a brace of doublebarrelled pistols. Strung across his back, too, was what appeared a really valuable rifle, and he wore, as was common in those days, a long sheath-knife at his side. All these matters I took in at a glance, as well as the blown appearance of his beautiful black horse. " Yon seem heavily armed," I said, as soon as the stranger was seated on his rug, and had commenced an attack on the provisions I placed before him. I guess one need ter among these yer _ Jng6, mate," was his response; " and they've done me service afore to-day." You've had a brush with the bushrangers then, I suppose ?" I said. " Well, yes," he replied, looking curiously me as I thought. " Yes, I expects them's done some service there—but it's months ago I'm thinking on—away on the other side." Presently, when he had finished his supper, he drew forth from an inner pocket a flask, which would contain about a quart,' put it to his lips, and took a good draught. The perfume reached me, and I could tell was rum. "ifuthin like rum," he said, returning the flask to his pocket. " Nuthin like rum when you've work to do. It's like mother's milk to me." " It's very good in its place," I replied, rather displeased at his want of courtesy in not passing it round, though I should not have touched it if ho had. " Well," he said, throwing himself back, and lighting a cigar which he took from his case, and resting on one elbow with his face towards me—" that draught has done me good. I think Til take another," and another he took, which was speedily followed by another, till I felt he must have drank nearly a pint. The drink having loosened his tongue'he began to ply me with questions as to where I had come from, and where I was going. Had I been a digger and made much gold?" As I had taken an intuitive dislike to the man I was' guarded in my replies, and he really gained no information. Presently he put his hand on his rifle that lay beside him, and said—"Yes, this fellow has been a friend. Many a bullock has he laid li>w, and my father's shantie was neyer short of beef while I was about. He's tasted blood too —not the blood of bulls or of sheep, but human blood; and the man that crosses my path never does it again, I tells yer. I'm a straight up and down fellar with my mates and thorn that pleasos me, bat I'm death upon thom as crosses me. Yes," ho added after a pause and another long pull at his flask, '* yes, my beauty you've served mo well. Will yer believe me, mate 1 my father was as good a man as ever broke the world's bread. He never peached on a man and many a poor lad that's bolted from the jug has he kept stowed away in the ranges, and the polis a riding round and round and offering him heaps of money to find him. Ah ! he was a good soul. He helped to roast a. follow once lor flogging a man. They found him hid in a log because he was frightened they'd have hiiin. And they found him, too, but never let on they knowed he was in the log till 'd heaped lots of dead wood around, and thon they sot fire to it. I was but a young un thon, but I can hear their shouts now. Will yer beliove it mate, one of the fellers peached, and my father was nabbed and scragged at last. I'd growed sumthin since the burning. Before they caught him and arter he was hung I vowed vengeance. It was a long time afore I could find him led. He wandered up and down the country, living the life of a dog, for no one would help him. Somehow he couldn't leave the country, and if be had I would ha' followed him. The lark of it was he knew I was arter him, and this made him frightened of his own shader. At last I heard tell of his whereabouts. He had got a billet as stockrider away in the ranges, somewhere about the Gunbore. Here he had a hut all to himself, away up in a rocky gully. It warn't a nice place. People said there was a ghost about, and that awful noises wore heard of nights. I don't believe them: a set of silly fools, frightened at their own noises. Why, if they hoard tho curlews they'd start and tremble. Well, my noble was thankful to take that billot, and live in that ere hut. I knew it well, for I had been to it with my father. It was there the polis nabbed him. I know it, and I knew the old hollow tree in front of the door. A little creek ran close by the roots, and I used to pick the cresses that grow there. The tree was dead and white, and it had two big limbs sticking out like arms. When I was a kid they used to frighten me at nights when I looked at them. Well, I knew this tree, and I remembered there was a hole like a window looking straight into the hut door. When I thought of this I laughed 'cos I knew my nabs was trapped an' I had him as suro as a gun. Well, I lay out on tho range that looked down into that gully for mor*n a week. Tho fellow had been somewheres. Bymby I sees him come up the gully on horseback, an' I covers him with my rifle—this yeer beauty," he added, tenderly patting his weapon; "but'I was afeared to pull the trigger—he was too far off, an' I was afeared I should miss him. So I thought of the old tree agen and laughed ; I knew I had him now. Presently he gots into the hut, but didn't stay, but rode on-a piece. Then, I tells yer, I was frightened he was going away and I should miss him. He'd gone to look round, for he seemed mighty fearful; I dessay he was thinking of me— like as not, for I'd taken care to let him know I was arter him. Well, he comes back, gets off his horse, and turns hi™ loose. Mate," said the stranger, rising suddenly, " he didn't come out alive—leastways, no further than the door. When he gotinside I waited and waited. First he lighted his fire, for I could see the smoke. Then it got dark, and, keeping my eye fixed upon the door, I slowly crept down the hill to the tree. Once the door opened, and I slunk behind a bush with my piece ready, but it was only to throw something out maybe a bone—and it was closed again. After waiting half an hour, as I should think, I crept along and got to the tree. Now, says I, I've got you Bure—you'll never badge from this yet hat. Will yer believe me mate! The feller never came out for three days. For three blessed days and nights did I stand in that holler tree till I was ready to drop; I never closed an eye or took my finger off the trigger. At last he came. He opened the door, stood outside a minute looking at the beautiful morning, and then—bang—he was down. I was'jost jumping forara to make sure with'toy knife when I hears a load holler,' ^f and loolrihg round I sees two fellers hiding like mad, so I scampers hack up the hill, where they, could not follow, and got olear away. They fired arter me, but only took a little bark off my arm—just here," Said he, pulling up his sleeve and showing me an ugly 6car. "That's the way I settles - with them that crosses me." With that he, pulled out his flask and drained it to , the . bottom. i I havo tried to follow his narrative in his own words, leaving out his oaths and .- blasphemy, but it is impossible. to describe. • his manner. His frequent application' to,: the flask did not improve him at all, and. when in a few moments after he began to; sing in a drunken voice a song about " His bonny Black Bess" I began to think that I might have serious trouble with him ; and so it was, for changing his mood he suddenly drew a pistol, pointed it at me, at tho same timo saying, " I don't believe you're on tho cross. You're a beggar that'll peach, an I've told yer too much;; so better, make sure of you at once." With that he fired. His aim, a drunken one, was not jopd, and so the bullet passed harmlessly ., through the bushes, although in rather un*- pleasant proximity to my head. Was it an echo that shot I heard! .No, it was too loud. A true shot it was, fired over our heads, and followed by a stem command to bail up, as a couple of troopers rode into the light of the fire. Partially sobered. , with the danger of his position the stranger started to his feet and discharged his rifle. A succession of shots now took place, and my companion having discharged his pieces, turned to look for his horse. In doing so, he stumbled over me, and in an instant two more troopers, who had dismounted and were silently approaching frombehindwere upon him, and in spite of, his violent struggles, placed the manacles upon, his wrists. They brought him oat into -the light of the fire ; he cursing and raving like a madman all the time. Presently, howeyer, he caught sight of the facs of one of the troopers, an old man with grey hair, but still quite vigorous. His face atonce blanched, his eyes rolled in their sockets, and he fell in a fit on the ground. On coming to, he was; quite subdued, and we discovered that.this, trooper was none other than the stockrider.: whom he believed he had shot, bat had only been wounded. I had some little difficulty in clearing my own. character, and disproving any connection, with, the ruffian, until we were joined by another trooper to whom I was known, i . My companion of the night turned out to be the famous " Gipsy. Jack," the . bushranger, who had for some time been a torrorjto travellers upon the road. His career was even now not quite over, for on his road down to gaol he broke from , his keeper^, hut being overtaken, and refusing to surrender after a tough attempt for liberty^ he was killed by a ball fired by the-trooper whom lie believed had been his victim. 