A SILENT WITNESS. CHAPTER XVI. On the day after Lucy Dormer's funeral, Grace proposed that they should start for Germany. ' You recollect,' she said to her companion with a faint smile, ' all the plans . we used to make about visiting Paris together, and the hours we passed in dis cussing them, long after the other girls were asleep ; what visionary milliners' bills we ran up ; what theatres and operas we went to ; and what wholesale destruction we caused amongst the hearts of the young marquises and counts of whom our society was to be composed. And now what has been the reality ? My experience of Paris is confined to a sick-room overlooking the courtyard of an hotel and to a certain portion of the Tuileries Gardens, where, like the prisoner of Ghillon, I should think my con stantly pacing feet must have worn a path ; I am wearing the mourning which was made for me at poor uncle's death, and have not crossed the threshold of a single milli ner's shop ; the young counts and mar . quises are represented by Baptiste, the waiter, and Etienne, who brings up the wood ; and the whole thing has turned out a mockery and a delusion.' ' There's a chance for you now, dear,' said Anne. ,r Your self-sacrifice is over so far as poor Lucy is concerned, and there is no reason why you should not see as much of Paris as you may wish. Madame Bav arde, the landlady, would act as- your chaperon.' ' And what would you do ? ' asked Grace. ' I would remain here, making prepara tions for our departure.' ' You would not come with me to join in* all the festivities ? ' asked Grace. '0 no!' replied' Anne, quickly, with a look of terror in her face ; '-I must not be seen here or anywhere in public. Of course, in the quietude of Bonn it would not matter, but here in Paris there might' be— — some people who would recognise me, and that would be destruction.' Grace looked curiously at her friend. This was not the first time she had seen her entirely lose her self-possession at the idea of being seen and recogjiised by some per sons, whose names she; had never men tioned, to whose actions she had never alluded. It was very strange, Grace thought; but if Anne did not volunteer her confidences, it was not for her to seek them. Moreover, , her pallor and tremulousness left no doubt of the reality of her hesitation, and so Grace said, consolingly — $\' There shall be no question of your being 'sefen, dear, and I myself have not the spirits to\ attempt to enter into any gaiety. We wilMeave our explorations of Paris and our fascinations of its inhabitants for some happier days. You shake your head, Anne, as though 3rou did not believe that such times ' were in store for us ; the fact being that you are horribly upset and entirely out of sorts, your nerves are. unstrung, and you are labouring under mental depression, which I take to be the reaction from severe excitement. I am sure that the best cure for that will be peace and quiet, such as you / will find in my aunt's house. Not with her, perhaps, because she is fidgety and hypo chondriacal ; but I shall take carc to inter pose between yon, and shall hand you over to be dealt with by the professor, who is . the dearest old creature iu the world, and ^ whose very aspect is suggestive of a benign calm. You still shake your head ? ' ' I am something of a fatalist, I am afraid,' said Anne, with a dreary smile ; ' and though I love to hear you talk of the peace that awaits us in your German home, I cannot get rid of the presentiment that, so far as I am concerned, it will not be of long duration. I only hope, that the trouble which I cannot explain, 'but with which I fancy myself threatened, may not be re flected on you.' ' I would willingly take my shaiVof It, dear,' said Grace, embracing her affection ately, 'if by doing so I could relieve you ; it will be time enough to talk of it when it comes. To- morrow we will leave this place and commence our journey, but my idea is to travel very leisurely — we are not pressed for time— and I think that your strength will not be equal to much fatigue.' Grace had gauged her friend's condition with tolerable accuracy. Although her desire to get away from Paris — where, had she ventured into the streets she would have run the chance of being encountered by her father, or, worse still, by the man who had a legal -right to call himself her husband — had given to Anne Studley a kind of fictitious stamina, they had made but little progress on their journey before this utterly gave way ; and Grace, whose in tellect and power of will had been much strengthened since she had been compelled to depend upon herself, saw that all her fears were about to be realised. At first Anne would not hear of any delay, but when Grace promised to avoid the great towns, and declared, what certainly had some foundation of truth, that she herself was anxious to take the opportunity of visiting the quaint old Belgian cities which lay almost in their road, Anne could make no objection. She knew, too, that there was no danger in the proposal. Brussels she had heard her father s^eak of as one of his haunts. There were 'gaiety, luxury, and society — all of which he loved ; and, in a town of clubs and coteries, Captain Studley would find little difficulty in combining profitable business with his pleasure. But cathedrals and medieval town-halls, bel fries, and watch-towers ; the masterpieces of Bubens and Yan Eyck ; the memorials of Alva and Yon Artevelde, were not likely to rouse the faintest interest in his breast. So the two friends passed several days in exploring Ghent and Bruges, and Grace noticed with delight that Anne, freed from the influence of terror, was daily regaining health and spirits. Journeying thus by slow degrees, and stopping on their route wherever they thought amusement or distraction was to be found, they arrived one bright afternoon at the little German town which was for some time to be their home. Anne, was delighted with the first glimpse which she , caught of its first appearance. Nestling in the valley, the dark towers of its ancient buildings and the green doors of its modern houses standing out in sharp relief against the snow, with which the streets were rendered dumb ; the ladies with their at tendant cavaliers, well wrapped in furs, driving in elegant sleighs, the horses at tached to which made music with their tinkling bells ; the peasants in jackets and kirtles of their own knitting : the dreamy looking students, scorning any increase of clothing, and braving the rigour of the frosts with open necks and uncovered hands — these sights were new and strange to Anne Studley, and aroused in her a pleasant interest such as she had not felt for many a long day. Their arrival had been expected; and Frank Eckhardt and Paul Fischer, two of the most studious and best-regulated young men of the professor's flock, had been sent to meet them. Fully appreciative were the two students of the honour thus conferred upon them ; and before the train had come to a standstill they were at the door of the damencoiipe, j caps in hand, full of congratulations to Grace on her happy return, and of almost openly- expressed admiration of the friend who accompanied her. Selected for their staid bearing and their scholastic acquire ments, the natural taste of these youths im pelled them to give the preference to a oalmer style of beauty, and to manners less capricious and exacting than those of Miss Middleham ; as they* walked off from the station, after having seen the ladies safely despatched in a sleigh, it was evident, from the confidence exchanged between them, that both Franz and Paul had been struck by Aune Studley's saddened countenance and tranquil demeanour. ' The little Englanderin is well enough, seest thou ?' said Franz, the elder of the two, as he stopped to light his pipe. ' There is much prettiness in her fair hair and blue eyes, but she is light and frivolous, and lacks the repose which her friend suggests.' ' The newly-arrived one,' said Paul, who had endeavoured by hard study to rid him self of a temperament which by nature was intensely romantic, and had not quite sue- . ceeded, ' the newly-arrived one I should judge by her countenance to have undergone much suffering, and thus to have accom plished that self- purification which is only taught by sorrow. The other is conceited and satirical — more of the character usually ascribed by English romancists to their heroines ; the newly-arrived one has a soul which one can see shining thfdugh the depths of her eyes.' ' Thou speakest like the ghost of Uhland,' said Franz. ' All the overpiling of mathe matics and metaphysics which thou hast laid over the fire of romance inmate within thee, has been insufficient to extinguish it. It is a dangerous spark for thy peace of mind ; so before again encountering the young ladies, let us try to quench it with a glass of beer at the verem hard by.' A proposal of this kind is never unaccept able to a German Bursch, however roman tically he may be inclined, and with a nod of acquiescence Paul accompanied his friend into the tavern. The two English ladies had driven to the house in the Poppelsdorfer Allee, on the steps of which the worthy professor, divested of his favourite schlaf-rock, and clad in a wondrous blue coat, which was only brought out on occasions of the highest festivity, stood bare-headed to receive them. His eyes glistened with delight behind his spec tacles as the sleigh, drove up, and as soon as Grafce alighted he took both her hands into custody with liis plump little fingers, aud kissed her on each cheek with frank heartiness; he then turned to| her com panion, and was evidently quite taken aback by Anne's appearance. The letter which Grace had written from Paris to the Frau Professorin had prepared the little German household for the advent of a person in a professedly superior position to that which poor Lucy Dormer had occupied ; but, al though Anne was dressed with particular plainness, the quality of her clothes being such as would be scorned by many a young lady's-maid, there was a high-bred look about her which could not be- hidden, and an air of quiet suffering which could not fail to awake interest in a kindly sympathetic soul, such as tenanted the quaint and homely body of Professor Sturm. It \yas not pos sible that anyone with such an expression, the professor thought, could be employed in a menial occupation ; aud if she were the servant of his young English ward, from him, whose sympathies were radical and expansive, she would be entitled to respect ful recognition. So the professor offered his arm to assist Anne to alight from the sleigh, and courteously motioned her to precede him upstairs to the room where Madame Sfcurm was waiting to receive them. Speculation as to the manner in which the Frau Professorin would receive her friend had occupied Grace's thoughts a great deal during the journey, and occasioned her no small mental trouble. She kneyr her aunt to be narrow-minded and obstinate, a great stickler for caste, and resolutely opposed to favourable first impressions. Poor Lucy Dormer had been decidedly superior to the generality of her class ; but that fact had no weight on the Frau Professorin, who treated her with marked disdain, and had been ac customed to speak of her as ' that young person.' Grace knew Anne's sensitive spirit would recoil at anything like a sound of harshness, and was more than anxious to discover the effect which the manners and appearance of the new inmate of their house hold would have upon her aunt. This information came speedily and satis factorily. When Anne had been lialfpre sented, half-pointed out, by Grace, to the Frau Professorin as Mrs. Waller, had answered a few questions, in her own quiet way, had relieved Grace of her wraps, and arranged Mrs. Sturm's medicine bottle and glass, which were in a dangerous position on the table, and had retired to unpack the boxes, the old lady took advantage of the opportunity to deliver her opinion about the new comer. 'I like that Waller of yours,' she said, with an emphatic sniff of approval, as soon as the door had closed behind Anne. ' I am very quick at observing, and the way in which she saved that bottle and glass from falling, showed me that she has her head screwed on in the right place — a woman who, I should think, knew all about medicines and that kind of thing, and who will be I a comfort to have in the house, and able to look after herself; not like that poor girl you took away with you, who was always ailing and moping, as though one invalid in the placa was not enough at a time. Quite a superior kind of person too; and that makes one difficulty of knowing wkat we should do with her. We could never expect her to sit down in the kitchen and eat her meals with Lisbeth. No ! as you say, my dear, of course not ; especially as Lisbeth has a taste for blut-wurst, black-pudding, and onions, which Waller probably will not share ; so I fancy it will be best for her to. have her dinner in that little room which you make a sitting-room, next to the professor's study, and I will have the sewing-machine moved up there, so that she can take a turn at it when she is not particularly engaged for you ; for when people have been in trouble they are apt to be idle and mournful, and there is nothing to make them forget their miseries like giving them plenty of work. By the way, you never found your friend, Tonics, who advertised for you to come to her ? ' 'No,' said Grace, with a blush; 'I imagine I was too late.' ' Ah ! I wish you had met Tonics,, for I had a kind of feeling that she knew some thing about medicine, and. that some good would come to me, after you had seen hier. Fancy that Dormer girl dying, though ! ' 'Yes, poor creature,' said Grace, 'she sickened soon after we started, and never had strength to make head against the illness.' ' She was a weak thing at best,' said the Frau Professorin, 'and Lisbeth told me after you had gone that she never could get her to eat buttermilk-soup, and that she always left the cranberry sauce with her roast veal. Now Waller is a woman of a very different kind, and if my judgment is right, will prove a treasure to yDu. Where did you pick her up ? ' ' The landlady at the Hotel de Lille in Paris recommended her,' said Grace, speaking very quickly. ' Her husband was known to them, and she had very good re commendations.' ' I should think she would be a very great comfort indeed to me, when you are not re quiring her services,' said Madame Sturm. ' She seems a sensible person, that I could trust to bring me my medicines at the proper hour, and be sure that she would never overdo the dose ; and the truth is, my dear Grace, I begin to feel even more dependent on my medicines than I was before.' The truth was that Grace had noticed a considerable change in her aunt since she made her hurried departure from Bonn. The tricks which she was constantly playing .- upon herself by eagerly swallowing every new .nostrum of which she heard, and the disinclination to take exercise, which had now grown into ^positive inability, had told upon the old lady's constitution. In the course of a few days she had become thoroughly accustomed to, and dependent upon, Anne's kindly ministrations ; and knowing how far the comfort of her friend was dependent upon the goodwill felt to wards her by the Frau Professorin, Grace waived her claim as much as possible to Anne's society, and allowed her aunt to benefit by it. The conversations between the old invalid and the young girl whose hopes had been wrecked so early in life, would have been curious and instructive had there been any bystander to listen to them. The past was rarely touched upon. At the outset of their acquaintance Madame Sturm, urged not more by feminine curiosity than by ffreal. interest which Anne's kind ness to her impelled her to feel in the for tunes of her new acquaintance, would ask now and then about her family, the circum stances under which she had marrie d, and the cause and manner of her husband's death. Anne replied to these inquiries calmly and in a general way, describing herself as an orphan who had married to secure a home, and who, upon the loss of her husband, was again cast upon her re sources. The old lady accepted this story in good faith, and only occasionally re curred to it, her favourite topic of conversa tion being her niece's future. Grace would be of age in a twelvemonth, and, as a great heiress, would naturally be called upon to quit the shelter of their humble roof and take up her position in the world of London. Who was to undertake the duties of adviser and chaperon to the young heiress, sorely puzzled the worthy Frau Professorin. Her weak state of health rendered it impossible that she should undertake the position, and as to giving it up to some one to be nomi nated by those lawyer-men, from whom Grace was in the habit of receiving periodi cal reports of what was happening to the property, the old lady declared it unlikely that a pair of musty old attorneys could have any knowledge of what was proper in such a matter. She did not hesitate to declare her own wish that Anne should have a voice in the affair, and having ob' tained from her favourite a declaration of readiness to undertake the charge, professed her intention of seeing the notion carried through. The relations between Grace Middleham and the friend of her school- days, notwith standing that so much of Anne's time was taken up in attending to the Frau Profes sorin, remained as affectionate and as inti mate as ever. The promise which Grace had given to trust her friend wholly and unreservedly, and never to question her as to any of the occurrences which had hap pened during the time they were parted, she had faithfully kept, and Anne Studley's life from tho time she quitted Ohapone House to the day \vheii1 she entered poor Lucy Dormer's bedroom at the Hotel de Lille, was a sealed book to her friend. More than this, so particular was Grace to avoid even the slightest appearance of curiosity that, finding as she did that Anne showed a strong disinclination to be told anything concerning the bank and its affairs — topics which, of course, formed the staple of the communications made from time to time to the young heiress by Messrs. Hillman and Hicks — she was quite satisfied to keep her confidences to herself. She could not tell Anne anything about the bank and its affairs without alluding to Mr. Heath, and Mr. Heath was, as she instinctively felt, connected in some way or other with Anne's unhappy remembran6es of home. This much Grace had learned, and Mr. Heath, and any matter in which his name must necessarily be involved, were henceforth tabooed subjects. What the mystery was, Grace, of course, knew not ; but she could not believe that there could be anything in it personal to Mr. Heath, whom she knew her uncle had always highly valued, and of whom, for her uncle's sake, she entertained the highest opinion ; but out of kindly feel ing for her friend she was content there should be absolute silence on the point. The constant attendance upon the Frau Professorin, whose desire for Anne's pre sence and ministrations became greater as her infirmities increased, and Grace's con stantly-sought opportunities for her Mend's society, absorbed so much of Anne's time as to give her but little chance for selfcom muning. The little German town stood out to her as a green spot, an oasis in the desert of life. Besting in it, she had gradu ally been enabled to overcome the dread of detection, the terror of pursuit, which had beset her immediately after h^r flight. Con stantly occupied by her domestic duties, she had lost the habit of recalling those fright ful scenes through which she had passed as in a dream, and a dull and confused memory of which still occasionally haunted her sleep. And upon Anne Studley, as upon so many other afflicted ones, the power of music exercised its blessed in fluence. Within a very short time after her arrival at Madame Sturm's, the ques tion of her position in the household was satisfactorily settled. The old lady herself would not hear of her favourite being shut out from their better society ; she was introduced to their guests as Miss Middle ham's friend and companion, and when company was present — or better still, during the long evenings when they were alone — Anne would sit silent and motion less, rapt and entranced at the weird and mystic music which flowed out from the piano under the quiet touch of the pro fessor's melody- compelling fingers. All throughout the house was harmonious and tranquil, the Frau Professorin's querulous complaints were no longer heard, and under the shelter of her roof Anne Studley found a haven and passed a year of peace. CHAPTER XVH. ' Grace had a letter from England this morning,' said Madame Sturm, as she sat placidly sipping her coffee one afternoon with Anne acting as her companion, and reading out such scraps from the newspaper as she thought might interest the old lady ; ' a letter from the lawyer-men on that dreadful blue paper, and in that horrible round-hand which always reminds me of Chancery-lane. Did Grace show you the letter, my love ? ' ' Yes, Madame Sturm,' cried Anne ; ' I have just returned it to her.' ' 0, then you know all about it,' said the old lady. ' The time is fast approaching now when I shall have to lose my niece. She will be a great lady; and, I suppose, like all the rest of the world, will forget her humble friends.' 'I don't think that is likely,' said Anne warmly ; '°and you will allow that in such a matter I speak from experience.' ' You are quite right, my dear ; and I am an old fool for giving utterance to such a sentiment ; but I am not very strong either in mind or body now, I think, and I'm beginning to get anxious about that dear girl's future. You have discussed it often with her, I suppose ? ' ' Y^s,' said Anne ; ' it is constantly present to both our minds ; and the re sponsibility which will devolve upon dear Grace is so great that I, at least, cannot contemplate it calmly.' ' Nor I, my love,' said the old lady .''''The only one thing which reconciles-me fco it is the knowledge that she will have you at her right hand to counsel aud guide her.' ' I am sorry to tell you that you must give up that idea, dear Madame Sturm,' said Anne, laying aside the newspaper. ' Grace and I have talked it over thoroughly, and I have proved to her that, however much I might wish it, it will be impossible for me to accompany her to England.' ' Impossible for you to go with her ? ' said the Frau Professorin, in alarm. 'Why, what can be the reason of that ? ' ' Some private family matters, with which I need not trouble you,' said Anne, coldly. ' 0, indeed,' said Madame Sturm, shortly. ' Something about those bothering Wallers, I suppose ? ' Then, relaxing a little in her tone, she added, ' well, I call that a great blow. I had thoroughly counted upon your being with her ; and it was the only comfort I had.' ' I do not think I need tell you how keenly I feel it,' said Anne ; ' but we have talked it all out, and, though Grace would not hear ''of' it at first, she is now half recon ciled to tlig idea, in thinking that, for some time at least, I shall remain with you.' ' You are a sweet angel, Waller,' said the old lady rapturously, bending forward her face for Anne to kiss ; ' and in my wretched state of health are the greatest possible comfort to me. So long as I live you shall never want a home ; but what we have to think of now is, who shall be Grace's companion ? ' ' Grace was about to suggest, and I am therefore breaking no confidence in men tioning it,' said Anne, ' that the professor should go with her to London, and remain with her there, at least for a short time.' ' The professor.! ' cried the old lady ; ' why, what are the girls thinking about ! Who is to undertake his lectures, and what is to become of me ? ' ' I shall remain behind to take care of you, dear Madame Sturm,' said Anne; ' and as for the lectures, one of the pro fessor's colleagues could act for him in his absence, and the little change and rest would do him unbounded good.' ' That is quite true,' said the old lady, meditatively ; ' and some years ago he often used to express a wish to visit England ; but he is no longer a young man, though, no doubt, the pleasure of finding himself known to celebrated people would act as an incentive to him, for we are all of us vain, my dear, more or less.' The idea thus struck out was not suffered to slumber. That same evening, when the worthy old professor's heart had been cheered by a good supper and a bottle of Bauenthaler, and when he had lapsed into a dreamy state in listening to a selection of simple Scotch and Irish melodies which Anne had been playing to him, and which he dearly loved, the impossibility of Mrs. Waller's accompanying her friend to London ? was laid before him, and the suggestion made that he should go in her stead ; and after much astonishment and persuasion his consent was gained. ' It will be hard work parting with you again, darling, after being so closely and so constantly together,' said Grace to her friend, on the evening when this decision had been arrived at ; ' but there is no help for it, and we must accept the inevitable as best we can.' ' Not in all your goodness and kindness to me,' said Anne, 'putting her round Grace's neck, 'has your trust -been so thoroughly shown as by your acceptance of my assurance of the necessity for silence in regard to that portion of iny life which occurred between our parting at school and our meeting, at Paris. I would give all I possess — little enough, Heaven knows, and entirely owing to your bounty,' she added, with a smile, ' to go with you now ; but it is impossible, and you must accept the fact without asking for an explanation.' ' I do accept it,' said Grace, ' and ask no more; my one comfort is in thinking that I shall not be so very long away from you, for as soon as business matters are arranged I shall leave London, and we can either continue to live on here, or go for a year's travel, as we may think fit.' ' You are not making allowance for all the attractions which will await the young heiress in the world of fashion,' said Anne, with a sad smile. ' It would be unnatural, indeed, if you, with all the advantages which wealth and beauty can command, should abnegate your position and waste the brightest period of your life.' 'It would be absurd of me to sneer at temptations of which I know nothing,' said Grace, ' b.ut the anticiptation of them certainly never occupied my thoughts. I shall stop in London, I suppose, because the lawyers and business people will want me there ; but I do not imagine that my arrival will cause any great excitement in the fashionable world.' ' YoiTare an heiress, which in itself will render it quite sufficient for you to be sought after ; but, in addition to that, there are many of your uncle's friends who will be anxious to make things pleasant to you. You will — you will go to Loddonford, I think you said ?' she added, with an irre pressible tremble in her voice. '0, most certainly not,' said Grace promptly, and without noticing her friend's emotion. ' My poor uncle laid so many plans for our mutual happiness there, that I could never think of it without recurring to him and all the details of that horrible tragedy.^ I shall give instructions to have the placet sold, and never let its name be mentioned before me.' ' There you are right,' said Anne. ' There is no reason why you should retain any link to bind you to a disagreeable past ; your future, thank Heaven, bids fair to be bright enough, and with that you should occupy your thoughts.' 'We will not speculate too much upon that, little one,' said Anne, stroking her friend's shining curls. ' The natural future of all girls is marriage — the happy future, I firmly believe, of many.' Her voice shook a little as she spoke. 'But/' she continued, 'it is impossible to assure it, we are told; but what is possible you possess. A husband will come for you, my darling, and take you away from me, rendering you a source of happiness to him and others to come after you.' ' And you also, Anne,' said Grace, earnestly ; ' why should not such a lot be yours ?' ! ' Why not ? — for — for many reasons, pet. I must be the maiden- aunt to your children, and contented enough in that.' ^ 'I think you are talking very absurdly,' said Grace, suddenly. ' I don't see any necessity for my being married ; I am sure I have never seen anyone yet that I could care about.' ' That is because the right ' anyone ' has not yet presenteddiimself,' said Anne. ' I can understand your being heart-proof against the admiration of Paul Fischer, and reiuaining unsubdued by the fascinations of little Dr. Krafft ; but the conquering hero is yet to come. Qui que tu sois voila ton maitre — you, with your beauty and riches, are most unlikely to form an exception to the rule.' J 'Well,' said Grace with a blush and a ^smile, ' it will be time enough to talk of the £ hero ' when he arrives. -Whoever he may be, I am certain of one thing, that I shall never love him as I love you, and the first condition of my accepting him, would be that you and I should not be separated.' 'We will consider these points, as you say, dear, all in good time,' said Anne, faintly' smiling ; ' but, from all that one has heard, a husband never fancies his wife's friends ; and the closer the intimacy, the less likely are they to find favour in his eyes.' ' My husband will have to do as I choose,' said Grace, tossing her head ; ' and I shall take, care that those lawyer-men, as Aunt Sturm calls them, give me proper authority over my own affairs. What are you smiling at, Anne ?' ' At the confident way in which you are speaking, darling. ' ' He jests at scars who never felt a wound ;' and you, who have never yet had Love'6 yoke laid upon you, cannot comprehend the possibility of sub jugation. You will think differently some day, little one.' ' ' One would think you spoke out of the plenitude of your own experience, Anne,' said Grace. But her friend did not reply to lier, and the conversation dropped. (To be continued.) Writing of breaking-in young horses, Colonel Colman, in the Bural World, says : I think that if there were no passionate men, there would be no passionate horses, and I advise that the young colt be given over to a little boy with a good temper. Let the children play with him, lead him with a halter, and as soon as he is strong euough get upon him, and let him walk about at will, and that horse will require no ' breaking' but will come to his work like a rational creature as he is. But when he is suffered to run perfectly wild until he has attained his full growth and strength, and is then approached with halter, saddle, and bridle, he is terrified and unmanageable, and frequently the ' breaking' results in breaking his spirit, his constitution, or his neck ; or if he refuses to be subdued, and only yields obedience to force, remaining always bulky and vicious. Philadelphia is just now excited over the capturo of a band of grave-robbers, who were caught with six bodies, intended for the Medical College, in their possession. An investigation shows that these ghouls had almost cleared one of the cemeteries of its occupants. The recovered corpses have been identified. This capture was planned by some newspaper reporters attached to the Philadelphia press, who carried it out successfully, as amateur detectives. 