A BATCH OF POETS. Considering. the great affluence of almost unimpeachable verse that is' poured out yearly from the press, it may seem presumptuous to express an opinion that tho last twenty years have been singularly barren o£ poetry. Anyone comparing even the later poems o£ Tennyson and Browning and Mr. Swinbnrne, the poems of Bossetti and some score of nicely printed volumes that rainge from Olrig Grango to Oscar Wilde, with 'the outcome of nny twenty years during the last century, might be tempted to claim that a good work manlike level was maintained at present, even fn unprosperous times. We believe, however, a very slight examination will show that where the younger generation excels is simply in tho mechanism of verse ; in a cer tain rhythmical mnsic learned from Keats, B profusion of tinted words copied from Tennyson, and a suggestive copiousness of allusion to older literature. It is very pos sible for a poem to bave all these, and to he Wanting in the breath of life, 03 it is possible for a drama to be without story and passion, thongh the get up and tho stage properties may be perfect. However true it may be that the form is more essential than the thought in poetry, and that the thought is generally of common apprehension, while the form is au individual inspiration, it re mains, we think, certain that to bo a poet a man must either have the capacity to feel strongly, or must have an absolutely undimmcd artistic vision. The fault of onr own generation in England seems to bo that it is an intellectual Hamlet, doubt ful of what it desires, doubtful of what it be lieves, and perpetually rushing upon violenco whero it is not feeble. Translate this tempera ment into verse, and indecision becomes ob scurity, precipitancy hysteria. That it is con fused or uncertain, and that it is spasmodic seem to us the incnrable taints of the modern, school. No doubt thero are different kinds of dark ness in words, between which a sane criticism is bound to distinguish. Moat of us now think Gray and Tennyson supremely intelligible, but Gray was ridiculed in his own day in an ode entitled Obscurity, aud was declared un translatable in parts by Dr. Johnson, while many among us can remember how critics of the old school declared Tennyson to be meaningless. In both these cases we may admit that the world was unduly severe upon certain mannerisms which have now passed into language and literature. Then, again, there is the obscurity of a re served taciturn mind, like that of Dante, which, seeing clearly itself, does not care to do more than indicate lest it should waste itsolf in superfluous words. There are passages in the Inferno, in which it seems as if every word was measured by agony, so absolute is the concision of speeoh, but we only need to complete the outline begun and all is clear. The obscurity of the modern school impresses us as different from this. It is one of half lights and half tones, of different thoughts run into one for the sake of suggestiveness, of hints that are intended to conceal weakness. The characterlessness of an age that cannot decide what it lovc3 best or believes most reflects itsolf in lyrical improvisations that only express moods. Stylo should be like the drapery of statues. Tho perfect drapery in art is that which reveals the play of life — serene, resolute, imperious life — underneath. Muffle the human form in the looso folds of a dressing gown, and you get millinery in marble, but not art. So, again, tho perfect rendering of the human face must tell its story in a aingle dominant expression, aud tho infinite plasticity of words must bo subordi nated to a central and simple idea. The poet may tell his tale with more touches than the sculptor, but, like the sculptor, he should only aim at telling a single tale. We have headed our list of recent poems with Mr. Robert Browning's last volume. Mr. Browning was never a clear writer, even at his best. Ono of his best known works, Sor- dello, was declared by Mr. Tom Taylor, the critic, to have only two "intelligible lines in it, and added that both theso were false. One of them was the opening line, whioh declared, "Who lists may hear Sordelio's story told," and the other, the concluding lino, "Who lists has heard Sor delio's story told." Nevortheless, no ono can doubt that Sir. Browning when he is at his best represents a higher reach of thought than any English poet since Shclioy — we had almost said since Shakspearo. In two parti culars, the dramatic conception of charaoter and tho poeticrenderingof speculative thought, Mr. Browning is probably unsurpassable when ho is at his highest level ; and his influence over the younger generations of poets has been in proportion. Ho is the master to whom Eossetti and his followers have looked up re verently, while the crowd was heaping unmean ing praise upon Tennyson's weakest efforts. Those who bave recognised Mr. Browning's real power through tho mask of mannerisms —who treasure Pippa Passes, the Blot on the Scutcheon and the best parts of tho King and the Book, with many of his smallest poems, as masterpieces — are thoso whom a book like Jocoseria affects with a positive sense of pain. Prom beginning to end we have not been able to find a single uninverted thought, a Bingle luminous touch or tender fancy. The poem which sympathetic English reviewers appear , to regard as the most tolerable is a story in rough doggrel of a gamekeeper, who stabbed a red deer treacherously on a mountain path, where two could not pass at once, while it was treading over his prostrate body, and who was deservedly repaid by being dragged down in its fall by the dying beast. He tells his 6tory to fashionable deer-stalkers : — The company broke out in applause— By jingo ! a lucky cripplo : Bave a munch of grouso and a hunk of bread, And a tug besides at our tipple. This at least is intelligible, which is more than can be said for some of the poems. Jochanan Hakkadosch is the story of a llabhi, who ob tains through the prayers of his pupiiB a year's respite from death. He is to employ part as a lover, part as a poet, part as a swordsman, and part as a statist, which we believe is Browningese for a statesman. The conception of the story is surely a very fine one. We can imagine Hawthorn penetrating with his subtle analysis into the causes of inherent failure of such an .experiment, nnd bringing out the passion and pity of each dramatic episode .in the reprieved man's history. Surely an artist might find infinite variations in the story of love that is haunted by the deepening shadow of death, or of the poet who has looked already into the world of light, or of tho statesman who can only sow the ideas, but will never see the harvest ripen. "Eximious Jochanan Ben Sabbathai" is only a pedant, paralysed by long studies or by illness, who spends his time in thinking out the reason? why it wonld be unwise to love, to write, to make war, or to plan. We could pardon oven this if he would only give the reasons in transparent and nervons verse. Bet pur readers take these, which are among the best, for a sample : — All men arc men ; Z would ail minds were minds ; Whorcas 'tis just the many'. mindless mass That most needs helping ; laborers and hinds Wc legislate for, not the cniturod class, \ Which law-makes for itself, nor needs the whip Aud bridle— proper help for mulcaudass ;&a;,&c.; Cut up a bad leadiug article into lines of ten syllables, inverting the grammatical order fr&n; time to time, and poetry like this might be manufactured in any quantity. Mr. Justin M'Carthy's poems, though they show Browning's influence in passages, are happily free from tho eccentricities of Browning's present style, and display very even workmanship and a good deal of poetical feeling. Mr. M'Carthy is too well known fi3 a literary craftsman to produce any thing positively bad. Nevertheless, we can not admit that be is a poet. Judging liim by his own work, we find that he reaches an in- comparably higher level as a historian than either as novelist or post, and we think the i<eason is that he is more critical than prodnc- tivc, more analytical than synthetic. Give him past events and living characters to dissect, and ho is at home ; set him to create hero or woman and to trace their lives from germ to flower and he breaks down. We havo no right to quarrel with him for being of the school of Macaulay rather than of Shakspcare, hat wo are entitled to feel regret if he mistakes the limitations of his own capacity, end follows verse-making as a serious pursuit. Then, again, we rise from reading Mr. M'Carthy's poems with a sense that they arc not genuine. The central idoa of two at least, and those not the least important, Scrapion and Mimnermus, is the very prosaic truth that an impure woman wiil caro more for a lover who can give her pre. sents than for a hero or a poet. Apart from tho fuet that it is almost an impertinence to tell again what has been so admirably told in Monou Lcscaut, we should like to soe sucli subjects reserved for DumaB fils and Mr. Swinburne, and seem to detect a false ring about Mr. M'Carthy's idealisation of Dais. There is a legend that Emerson was once fired with the desire to see something of life, and disguised himself in a pilot coat, a fur cap aud a bird's eye wrapper, and went into a low bar, where he asked for a gin-sling. " Guess lemonade would bo more iu your b'ne," was the unsympathctio re joinder of the barman, as he handed him the weaker beverage. In the same way we cannot help guessing that whatever is grace-' ful and pure and scholarly is more in Mr. M'Carthy's lino than the by-ways of fashion- ablo life ; and we hope, if lie ever writes again, he will draw from his own most genuine innor life. Much of what ho gives ub is de rived from foreign inspiration. The idea of the Gods of Hollas — a lament for the old my thology — is taken from Schiller, and has been incomparably better treated by the German poet. Passages in it are reminiscences of Keats. Wo think wo Bhall best do justice to Mr. M'Carthy by quoting some stanzas from his Gold Girl, ou Whistler's picture of a well known actress. Shall I tell these Zeols who doubt you, How you trod with dainty feet Many loves to dust about you 1 How our hearts were wont to boat, It by cbatico wc saw you pass us, - Likoa vision from ParnosBUS, Down some dreary London street. Thoy can never feel tlio Are you Cherish in your wistful eyes, Never knnw how wo desiro you, Por the faco wo cauonisc, For your comoly close-nut tresses, For your lips whoso swoot caresses Well were worth a world ot sighs. TbRt your picture still wilt match you, With your body's graceful ploy. As your lovers used to watch you Whon you danced thoir hearts away ; For tho golden girl, beguiling Future centuries to smiling. Laughs nt time and time's decay. Our spaco has compelled us to omit a passage with the morality — which would drive Mr. Swinburne wild — that "girls are sin; their flesh is grass," Tho whole poem seems to us to show that Mr. M'Carthy is able to produce very exquisite verses of society, and nothing in his volume gives us tho idea of a higher inspiration than is needed for this, The feel ing of a poet and the craftsmanship of a literary man are not snfflcieut for immor tality. We should better be able to estimate Hen- nell Bodd's work if we knew the author's ago. If our impressions are correct, he belongs to the space of life between boyhood and manhood, of which Keats has said that " the soul is in a ferment, the way of life uncertain," to which belong " mawkishness and a thousand bitters." In that ease tho faults of this little book, a certain indistinctness of aim and a lusciousness of style that clogs at tirae3, may be trusted to disappear with maturity. If on the other hand Eoimcll llodd is merely a trained writer with a taste for occasional verse, we should argue less favorably of his future promise. In a word the poems are good if they are blossom but not if they aro fruit Meanwhile we may take the goods the gods provide us, and pick out one which strikes us as genuinely imagina tive on the Coliseum. Night wanes ; I sit in tho ruins alnno ; Beneath tho shadow of nrches falls From the dim ontlino of tho broken walls ; And the half-light steals o'er tho ago worn stone From a midway arclt whero the moon looks through A silver shield fn the deep deep blue. This is the hour oi ghosts that rise- Lino on line of the nolselesB dead — Tho clonds above aro their awning spread i Look into tho shadow with moon-dazed eyes, You will see tho writhing of hps in pain. And the whole rod tragedy over again. Tho ghostly galleys ride ont And meet, Tho Castar sits in his golden chair — His fingers toy with ids woman's hair, Tho water is blood-red under his foet — Till the awl's long cry dies down with the night, Ana ono star waits for tho dawning night. Heine's influence is very peroeptible in parts of this little hook, aud Heine is a goodmasterto have studied. From his habit of epigram, the German poot contrived to preserve distinct ness even when he was merely allusive ; and it may bo that the decay of poetical power in England s connected with the decline of wit. The last book on onr list, Dorothy, written by a minor poet of some standing, Mr. Munby, has had considerable success in England. It is a story with a purpose, told in the elegiac verso which Mr. Clougli popularised in the Amour dc Voyage, and very amusingly and cleverly told. The nuthor is bent on proving that a big woman with large arms and bauds may be good and beautiful, and that women aro not unsexed by manual work, even in the coal pits. Wo utterly demur to the second conclusion, not because we object to bard work for women, but because we think them incapable of the violent exertion which mining labor involves with out injury to their essential duty as wives and mothers. As for the large hands, we thought every artist admitted that the shape, not the size, of the hand determined its beauty ; but Mr. Munby seems to have proved that there is much delusiou ou this subject in the world, and he lias certainly written a book of sus tained interest — rather story than poem — in support of his theory. The courage with which he puts forward his theory i3 certainly com mendable. We quote from a passage in which a courtly lover is trying on a flirtation : — Lightly ho took her hand, intending, doubtless, to press It : Meaning at least to bestow some pretty compli ment there. But as to one in tho dark, who, feeling for silk or for velvet, Suddenly grasps unawares rnsty old iron instead. So did it happen to him thus grasping the hand of our Dolly. Rough as old iron and hard— terribly callous within. Tho hand whioh helped to secure its owner from improper addresses exoited othor feelings in her own sex. But wiien her ladyship's eyes caught sight of poor Dorothy's fingers. And when tho tips of her glovcs;touched that as tonishing hind, Startled, she lifted her brows and with wonder, and horror, and pity, Gazed on tho grey hard palin, bright with the . polish of toil. However, when a stalwart lover appears in the shape of a gamekeeper, Even her hands, that had grown to be implements merely of labor. Thrilled with a daintier sense, here in this dream- land of love. Very fair rending this for an idle day, and cer tainly free from all vagueness of purpose, but, perhaps liable to the reproach that it is 'not poetry. Aro Gray and Collins, Shenstone and Thomson reaHy of less account than the modern school 