Mems.— Social and Political. MTJCTIONS are said to have arisen out of an incident at the recent Easter Encamp ment, when a certain gallant officer be longing to the 1st Regiment not unknown to fame (of a certain kind, to be sure) took up and introduced as Mrs. to the ladies of his brother officers, one who is known to be little short of an ange du pave. Punch has his own notions that this is the same party who some months ago sent a quantity of valuable luggage to the Redfern railway station, en route for a city of the south, where he intended passing a few weeks in retirement. The boxes, &c.;, were all labelled Mrs. — — the name of his lawful spouse. However, Mrs. No. 1, upon this particular occasion, slept with one eye open, quietly took her way to the station and coolly asked a porter to assist the cabman with her luggage, who accordingly did so. Lady and valuables at once drove off to their legitimate but little dreamt of destination. This is the only game of euchre Mr. Punch has approved of for a considerable time. More, it is said, will be heard of the Windsor escapade from official quarters. j There is nothing like "blowing" well when one starts, and | assuredly there was enough and to spare of this at that very high- ! class gathering — the Teachers' Picnic— on Saturday, when the Feast ; of lieason and the Flow of Soul so unmistakably asserted their sway, j Hut why was Mr. Adams (though really a good fellow) elevated to j the dignity of the chair at a meeting representing so much "cul- i chaw I " Mr. Punch fancies there was something behind the scenes when upon such an occasion the first fiddle was placed in his hands. Toby barton paid a shining tribute to the good behaviour of the boys attending the Macquarie-street Academy. That gentleman positively asserted, and in apparent good faith, that the present Parliament was in no wise inferior to any which had preceded it, either in intelligence or statesman-like abilities. Punch has often had a big pill offered him, but never one at which he has made such an ugly face as this. But, then, he remembers, even in the halcyon days of his own child hood, that the sharpest pedagogue that ever wielded a cane never spoke ill of his own pupils out of school. The only " G.H.R." was even " finer" than usual ; the eye-glass looked a trifle shinier, and the coat just a sensation tighter. " Well, a — h, the Ministry had got many knocks, but, a — h, those attacks only enabled them to pose as martyrs," &c.; George is not a whit more modest in his self-assertive- ness than when he coolly assured a leading barrister of this city " that the higher the game he went for, the happier and the more at home he felt." " That," added he, with one of those looks intended to ' feteh,' " that is G.H.R." When Copeland sees Davy in the street now he pulls his hat furiously over his eyes, a la bandit, and crosses to the other side. It is no secret that the distinguished avocafs fathering of the convivial Minister's cause clinched the last nail in the fabric of his ruin. The obstreperous Scot not only signally fails in everything he takes in hand, but leaves it so hopelessly mixed that the cleverest of men would not have the ghost of a chance with it afterwards. Mr. Punch, being questioned as to the successor to the vacant chair for Works, replied in a style lofty and enigmatical to the fol lowing effect : — " When the veil is lifted from the brows of Mokanna, and his awful lineaments laid bare, the (W)right man will be found in the right place." WlHARLES BRIGHT filled the Gaiety on Sunday with a crowd Jj 'J anxious to hear his discourse on the Decline and fall of — well, Trii of the place reserved for everybody who doesn't believe what Ml we believe, dear reader. According to Pope Charles. Hell is % nowhere, and, by strict reasoning, we are driven to the conclu sion that the venerable proprietor of that flourishing region is now out in the cold. But he must go somewhere. We don't want him here, because Parliament is in Session, and hon. members are fully posted in his instructions. Where the is he ? Late telegrams from Port Darwin urgently suggest their climate as pretty near what he s used to, and offer him the Chinese to keep his hand in.- -ED. 