A LIBEL ACTION. At the Adelaide Police Court on Mon- day last, before S. Beddome, Esq.. S.M, Dr. John Rees, Hon. P. Santo, and L. G. Madley and E. Lucy, Esqs., J.'sP., F. Harrie Linklater, solicitor, of Adelaide, and William Barnett, of Gawler, publisher of the Bunyip, were charged with publishing a defamatory libel in the following words :—" Some considerable time ago in the time when piratical opera-houffe was all the rage at the Theatre Royal, and legs and champagne ueed occasionally to be in a glorious 6tate of mix behind the scenes, a daring, but tight-fisted son of Abraham came to the laudable determination of ' sheeing shomshings for notings ma tear.' With this end in view the gentleman (?) in question, after some little exertion and no small expenditure of linger nails, attained an airy and advanta geojs position on the roof of Mr. Macdonald s stabling, from tkis adv.intageground he had an uninterrupted view of the undraped window of the room wherein certain undraped young ladies were in a habit of nocturnally draping themselves. Long, earnestly, and wistfully did he gaze on the picture which met his sight until in an illstarred moment a brother tom-cat uplifted his voice in a minor key at his elbow! The sound attracted the attention of a more than usually undraped nymph, and a terrific scream announced to the hapless intruder that bis dazzling shirt-front and glittering diamond studs had been ' spotted !' Vainly he strove to make his way to terra tirina ! Unne.'vcd and gasping he hung by a waterspout and Anger tips, from which perilous position he was rescued by the stage manager and property-wan. But hiB troubles only begun. The enraged Dianas claimed their victim, and had him too I They took him to their dressing room, and, having plentifully besprinkled him with dirty wafer, deftly applied their ready powdered puffs, and when that unhappy wight arrived at the paternal mansion, the old man raised his eyes and hands, and exclaimed—Holy Moses! isb dat a ghost or a rollingpin ? . . . Now, you would hardly credit it, but this youug gentleman is ft member of the Artillery Force of South Australia, and he is just about to be pro moted to the rank of commissioned officer, and to mix with gentlemen. Of course, after the above narrative every ope will know what for J" The allged libel waB also published in the Bulletin, two yean ago. Messrs Wadsy and Coy appeared for the pro» cutor, and Messrs. W. V. Smith and L. R. j Mathews for the defendant. Mr. Smith. ; j" opening the case, admitted that Mr. • Linklater was the writer of the all-.d defa.natory article. Mr. Wadcy t!r.-n withdraw the case against Mr. Barnett, the proprietor of the paper which contained the alleged libel, and the case against the other defendant was proceeded with. It appeared from the evidence that about t y-.-ars a^o. nn'i during t:i« time tl, 8 ! "Tambour M'ljor" oprrratio (rmi;o were preforming at tho Theatae Koyal, emn«; p -rson climbed on to the roof of a stable in close proximity to the theatre for the purpose of gazing into the ladies' dressingroom. Whilst engaged earnestly looking at some of the undraped girls who were changing their dresses, the person on the roof was espied by one of them, whose attention was drawn to the stable by a noise made] by a cat, which snarled upon coining into contract with the intruder. A hue and cry was raised and one of the sterner sex was dispatched to bring in ihe offender. In this he was successful, and ou the person on tin.*. roof being handed over to the ladies ag:iinst whom he had transgresssd they fell upon him and whitewashed or powdered him, and then tumid him adrift. The article complained of, the prosecutor stated, on account of the wording pointed directly to him as being the person implicated. This he denied in Mo. and several witnesses, including one of the officers performing at the time of the occurrence, stated that the p-rson who was whitewashed was not the complainant, but a youug fellow named Issacs. The defence was justification, and the defendant further stated that he wrote the article in question on the authority of iiis own cj'esight. Tlie defendant said tliat about twenty months or two years age lie was editor of the Bulletin, and one evening was standing nc-ar the stage door of the Hoval when the person found on the stable-roof was brought in. He recognised him as the prosecutor, and oh waiting until he came out, covered with powder and whitewash, had a good look at him, and saw that the man was Solomon. Tiiis was practically the defence, and after some unimportant evidence had been taken the case was sent on for decision to a higher court. The court was orowded during the hearing of the case, and great interest was taken in it. 