gin a bogie meet a bogie." Vision the Eibst. — Has, I saw bim for tbe first time at mess ; when we were entertaining the South- woldshire Militia. He had been absent on leave when I exchanged into the Royal Denbigh, and I knew no more of him than his name, Major Egbert Eyken, an exasperating name enough, but sug gestive of nothing to my mind except a passing wonder if he were one of the fykens of Derridown, old friends of mine. There he was in person, sitting oppo site to me ; a fresh-coloured, broad- chested, small-waisted figure ; with a thick, brown moustache and large round eyes, the very model of military beauty, from the nurseiy-maid's point of view. bour. ' Man with a story, you know. Looks like it, doesn't he V ' Well, no, I can't say he does,' I replied, glancing across at the plateful of gooseberry- tart and cream which the Major was putting 'away' with evident enjoyment. ' Not a tragic one, any how.' Can't say. It's a mystery. Some thing about a girl, of course. Think he's under a vow, myself.' I looked again at the major with great interest ; at the same time he raised his eyes to mine and an odd flash of recog nition or sympathy passed between us. I felt 1 must have known him before, though when or where, I could not say — and was fore-ordained to see a good deal more of him. The same mysterious impression thrilled through him at the same moment with carious results, as I was afterwards to learn ; then I only noticed him start, and stare good-hum- ouredly at me and fill and empty a glass of sherry rapidly, glancing furtively again at me over his napkin as he wiped his moustache. ' Just look out for Eyken at eleven to- night/Montmorenci-Smith said to me in an undertone, as we rose from table. After dinner Eyken and I made ac quaintance. He was one of the EykenB of Derridown, and knew some of my people slightly. He was not very brilli ant, but pleasant and inclined to be friendly, and we talked till Montmorenci- Smith came up to suggest whist. I hated it, but Eyken agreed readily enough. Smith — who hadn t asked him, by the way — hesitated for a moment and then went off with him, giving me a queer look as he turned away. In half an hour he was back again. ' Look here, Breye, you must come. Eyken has bolted in the middle of a rubber, and old Jervoise is furious. Eyken's way, you know — says his nose is bleeding !' ' Well, why shouldn't it be V ' Oh ! I say ! It won't stop to-night. It's past eleven. I rose reluctantly. I suppose I must, if you want me : but what's the joke about eleven o'clock and Eyken ? I don't see it yet.' ' That's the mystery that none of ns have been able to find out' I looked inquisitively at Eyken's door as I passed it that night It was closed but a beam of light shot through the keyhole and a cheerful scent of tobacco wafted into tbe passage. ' Queer,' I said to myself as I mused over the events of tbe evening on my pillow. ' But I can call on Mrs. Montmorenci-Smith to morrow.' Very little went on in £he regiment that was not known to Mrs. Montmorenci- Smith. Though but a bride of some two months, she had become possessed of more information respecting the ways and doings of every man in it than the greyest veteran amongst us. She was a bright, baby-faced little creature, with soft kittenish ways and innocent looks that would coax and twist the most com promising bits of scandal out of one, without committing herself to a single statement. I ' looked in' casually next day at afternoon tea-time. Luck favoured me. She was alone, and inclined to chat and be amused. I told her two precious little bits of gossip while she sipped her tea, and then dropped Eyken's name into conversation, lightly and warily as a delicate fly on a trout-stream. ' Do you know him V she asked. I mean intimately. Any better than any body else does V ' I know a great deal about him,' I replied discreetly. Her eyes sparkled. ' Poor man, how he does get himself talked about ! Ton don't believe all you hear, do you, Mr. Breyebrook 1' ' Some of it is certainly true,' I observed, more diplomatically than before. ' Tell me what you know, Mrs. Smith, and perhaps — without betraying confidence— I may suggest an expla nation.' ' What ! yon know what he does with himself every night 1 How did yon find out' ' I can go into no details even to you. Are yon sure that yonr husband knows no more than yonrself ?' Nevyl i oh dear, no ! The regiment has been talking of Major Eyken's queer ways for a long while. He never goes to a ball, though he'll go anywhere for an afternoon's dance ; won't act, thongh he can do so qnite well, except in some little opening piece ; and the Colonel has been qnite put out at the pointed way in which he leaves them all at once on gnest nights. All sorts of devices have been tried to make him overstay the time.' ' With success ?' 'That's the aggravating part; when they did succeed nothing happened.' ' And so the marvel collapses ! I have an old aunt somewhere, who is never anywhere but in her bed by 10.30. I have known one or two other people afflicted with the some peculiarity, bat it never gained them any special repu tation.' ' This is not the same thing at all,' protested my fair hostess, wondering whether I was laughing at her. If I could only tell you half I have heard ! He exchanged to ub from the 4th, and I've a cousin in the regi ment who says he poisoned somebody he was engaged to. Don't yon know the queer trick he has of looking all round him suddenly, and giving a little quick jerk to one shonlder Nevyl says — but you'll promise never to mention it — that when he was on dnty, he always need to turn out the guard at ten o'clock, and send his subaltern later: and if there's any talk abont ghosts, or auy- ' thing of that sort, he gets op and leaves the room.' the library at Breyebrook,' J tras beginning, when just then a Captain and Mrs. Carver were announced, and I came away. I regarded the haunted Major with much curiosity for the next few days ; and I had special opportunities for study ing him, as he appeared most nndeniably attracted to me. I remarked the nervous glance and odd little twitch that Mis. Montmorenci-Smith had described ; but btherwise found bim undistinguieh- able. from any other specimen of the British officer that I was in the habit of meeting, unleBS by a certain openness and' simplicity of nature that rendered his connection with a mystery the deep est part of it. Little as I guessed it, a revelation waB on its way to me. One evening Boldway took the opportunity of telling a long- wiuucu Bbury 01 an ancestral gnost tnat walked tbe family mansion in Midlandshire. Now we all knew that the name of Boldway'e earliest-known progenitors still decorated the front of a ' Magasin de Modes ' in Liverpool, this was rather strong. Still, I shouldn't have cared to demolish him if the story had been a good one — bnt it wasn't. 'I suppose your people took that opectre in with the fixtures when they bought the houBe, my dear boy ' I observed. If they did, it's an imposi tion, and yon ought to have your remedy at law. Genuine old - established apparitions don't conduct themselves in that fashion.' Boldway looked wrathful ' You seem to know a lot abont it 1' ' I do,' I replied, with calm superior ity. 'I myself was born on the last stroke of midnight one All Sonls' Eve, which happened that year to fall on a Friday, and we all know what that implies.' Boldway didn't, so hesmokedfarionsly in silence. ' Breyebrook, my father's place, is as well known for its legend as Glamis, and my mother was a Rossmore ; and I be lieve the only known instance of a banshee having crossed the. Channel occurred in onr place on the occasion of my grandfather's death. I don't believe in ghosts myself, bat can give yon an example of the real thing, if yon like.' Boldway nodded. And I had jnst finished a queer little ghostly anecdote that I picked np in Paris, when, looking up, I say Eyken just leaving the room. I hadn't known he was there, and I don't know to this day what impelled me to jump up and follow him. He was making hiB way to his room, but looked back, hesitated, and waited for me. ' I say,' be began, patting his arm in mine, ' was all that trne ? Every word except tbe ghost. I don't believe in him yet— thongh others do.' ' I should like you to hear — no, to see — if you don't mind. Won't you come and have a cigar in my room ' he ended, with a desperate effort. A quarter to eleven was chiming from a neighbouring steeple. He opened his door and I followed him in. It was a cosy den enough ; bigger and better furnished than mine. A bright fire blazed in the grate, with a big easy chair drawn up in front of it, and a large and elaborately-fitted toilet table stood in the window." Eyken installed me in the big chair, turned np a duplex lamp on the chest of drawers, and lighted the candles on the mantelpiece and table ; gave a tilt to the looking-glass that reversed it, leaving its blank back to the room, and seated him self opposite to me with his back to the lamp ; all with a certain methodical Bpeed that looked as if it were the nsnal routine of every night, He was certainly much agitated. His hand shook and his cheeks grew chalk- white. I affected to see nothing selected a cigar with much deliberation from a box on the table, and went on talking, gazing steadily into tbe fire. ' I should like you to know a queer old uncle of mine, Eyken. He has a place up amongst the hills, that has stood since — well, say since there was a hill to stand upon. Of coarse it's full of ghosts.' ' Why doesn't he demolish it t' asked Eyken absently. ' One doesn't exactly know how ghosts take an eviction ; and perhaps it's not worth trying. Besides, they are company for him, and the servants don't object, once they find it is considered in the wages. It prevents the old place feeling so lonesome to know that the fair Ladye Grizel is combing her yellow locks at the top window in the rained West Tower, or wicked Sir Morolt clattering np and down the courtyard in fall armour on a stormy night,' « Ting,' went the little clock over the fireplace as I spoke — ' ting,' eleven times, and I heard the Major's chair give a sudden creak. ' Now, if yon can manage to ran down with me, Eyken— Stop, Breye !' gasped Eyken. Stop 1 and look here /' I did look up anddenly, and my eyeB met those of a woman. She was standing behind him, her face turned to me, one hand resting heavily on hiB shonlder; Glad in trailiog satin and lace, with white flowers in her hair, she clutched in her right hand the torn wisps and fragments of what might have been a bridal veiL Her left hand, seen distinctly against Eyken's scarlet jacket, was ringless. I didn't believe in her, bnt I involun tarily rose from my chair. Ah ! you see her ?' sighed Eyken. ' Then it is true !' and he gave his shoulder a violent jerk from under the phantom hand that had no effect what ever in dislodging it ' Yes, I see something' I ad mitted. 'Bnt I am not prepared to eay what. I walked ronnd the table and screwed up tbeduplex, which was giving a very queer light, though strong enough for ordinary par- poses. The figure moved as I approached, making way for me. She was a little woman, with the smile of a cat, and a way of glancing out of the corners of her eyes that boded no good. I changed the place of the lamp and reBnmed my seat. ' Tell me how she comes to be here, Eyken ' ' That's what I've been wanting you to do from the time I first set eyes on yon.' On me!' ' Yes. The moment I saw you a queer feeling came over me. I said to myself "Here's a fellow who can help me; if any man alive can bnt I thought yon should see her first I can't, except in the looking-glass, and I take care not to do that; bnt I know. she's herecon- foBtttl her ! I won't give her the satisfy tion of taking her into society and letting her make me look like a fool there — not I — I jnst come away by myself, and smoke like fury.' But you don't mean to say that thing comes here regularly ' Every night of my life. And stays from eleven till one.' I looked steadily and carefully at the apparition. The flame of the duplex was distinctly visible through her satin bodice, or through her arm aa her position slightly changed. She bent over Eyken sometimes, pntting her face mockingly near his, sometimes seeming to whisper in his ear, sometimes standing upright and menacing; always with the same vixenish smile. Her eyes were alive. The rest might have been thick vaponr or some semi-transparent medium. \- a oriae, l presume i ' No, thank goodness, Breye 1 1 escaped that I'll begin at the beginning It was at Scarborough, where I met her and her people, and we got acquainted some how. I was rather lonely there, an innocent yonng cub of a subaltern, and was glad enough to have someone to talk to at the Spa, and at the hotel dances. She was ever so mnch older than I. Her people were very kind to me, and asked me to their place after leaving Scar borough, and I went and was made no end of, and told abont dear Yi's clever ness, and her singing and her admirers ; bnt not a word of dear Yi's little tempers ; trust them tor that. A chance of gettiug dear Vi disposed of, was worth any money. She was the eldest, and precions hot she made it for the family circle occasionally, especially when the next sister, Fanny, tbe plain one, got engaged. It was all harried up somehow, before I quite understood what I had been doing. Old Bolsover wrote to my father, promis ing to make liberal settlements on us ; he thought peace and qaiteness cheap at the money, I expect. My governor sent me his blessing by return of post Everybody said what a lucky fellow I was. The whole Bolsover family made great fuss over us, and Viola was every thing that was sweet and devoted. Once or twice some of tbe young ones came out with queer stories, bat I set them down to Fan, who was wroth at her sister getting an officer, while her Mon tague was only something wholesale in pickles and jams. ' Well, the happy day was fixed ; my people came down to the Bolsovers and I got leave and was staying at the hotel near. A dinner was given the evening before the wedding and I sat next Yi. I thought she was queer; snappy and snlky ; her dress didn't fit — tbe flowers hadn't come from London — a rich god mother had only sent her a butter knife, all sorts of things seemed to have gone wrong. When I got to the hotel I found that the flowers in question had been sent to me by mistake, and as I knew she wanted them, I thought I'd better run back with them at once, as it was still early. I took them, and also a present which had come from Georgie, a dear little cousin of mine. She had sent us a big photographic album with her own pretty face in the first page, and a nice little note inside for Yi. When I got back, I ran straight up to the boudoir. Such a row was going on ! A dressmaker was on her knees settling the skirts of Yi's wedding gown ; the maid was hold ing the pins aud whimpering piteously, Fan was scolding at the top of her voice, and my Yiola in white satin was stamping and storming and swearing and spitting like fifty cats.' Eyken drew a long breath at the recollection. The figure stood motionless, always with that clutch of proprietorship on his shoulder, ' Oh ! I can't tell you the rest exactly. They bad been rehearsing the get-up for to- morrow when the scrimmage began, I wasn't wanted , but the maid and dressmaker seemed glad enough to get away, and Fan was following, but as she left the room she turned to her sister with some aggravating words. Yi sprang on her at a bound, gnashing her teeth, shaking her like a rat, and calling her — well, I ' ; ' Eyken ! Can this be true ' It is true as fate. Fanny vanished. Yiola turned on me then — but I can't go on with the scene. I gave her Georgie's present and note to quiet her : she tore the note up and danced on it, calling me odious names. She banged the albnm Bgainst the table till it was in bits ; she called poor Georgie but there : she was as a mad-women, Breye. I wasn't going to stand it, and said so, and then she broke out again, worse than before, and in the middle of it all, the door opened and there they were— >all my people and old Bolsover and hu wife, and the two bridesmaids. So I said politely but firmly that after what had passed, I considered everything was at an end between ua. Then she broke down and cried, and begged pardon, and blamed Fan, till I told her before them all it was no use ; that I had been so utterly taken in by her that I never wished to set eyes on her again, never. She screamed and cried, and defied me to give her np swearing she'd follow me up and down the world for ever j that she'd make my life a burden to ma I told her to do her worst, and left. She did her worst, Breye. She followed me about, seat everlasting notes, set her lawyers on me, worried my family ; bnt I kept her off. Now and then she let me alone, when some other fellow came in her way. She tried it on one man after another — always falling bank on me as each one jailed. I saw the marriages of all the other girls in the papers and then her death. No, don't yon go pitying her for a broken heart ! It was measles, or something driven internally by temper, and a blessed release for her family. Not for me. No such luck ! She made the veiy fact of being dead aud buried an opening for her mean spite, and here she was the very day after, juBt as yon see her to night.' Eyken f 'As I was dressing for a ball onr regiment was giving, I saw her in the glass behind me just as the clock struck eleven — as it had done, I remembered, that night at old Bolsover's when I thought I had got rid of her for ever. I persuaded myself it was hnmbng, and went off lightly — and a precious evening I had. I conldn't see her — but I didn't know that others might not — and I felt her abont me through it all.' . I had nothing to answer. How could I confute the stoiy with that vision, staring at mel Eyken .went on : From that night she came. I tried to believe it was delation. I've been doctored for liver and for nerves and for brain. I've tried change of air and spiritualism and chloral ; every blessed thing yoa can mention but drink, and it may come to that some day. Here she is, and here she seems to stay, and I'm a haunted man !' He dropped hiB head on the table with a groan. I felt honestly touched by his pitiful plight It's pure spite — nothing else,' said he, with a lame attempt at joking. It's the dying an old maid she can't forgive. That's why she is perpetually calling attention to her left hand. I don't know whether spiDBter ghosts have a bad time of it or not I suppose they have — so many seem to walk.' ' Its an infernal shame !' passionately broke out Eyken again, after a pause. uuuk. at me : nere x am WILLI every thing a man can want, two-and-thirty, as strong as a horse, never had a day's illness in my life, plenty of money, not a bad-lookiDg fellow either, I suppose' with a woeful simper. ' I like the regiment, I like the work, I like the uniform ; I could be so amazingly jolly if it were not for this shameless, audacious husBy of a ghost — ghost of a husBy — which is it? — spoiling my whole life, out of sheer malice aud cantanker- ousness.' Well I feel for you, Eyken.' ' I know you do, old fellow, and I know you won't go and make a public jest of misery as any other fellow would. You'll keep my secret, won't you V I readily promised, and, not seeiDg my way to anything farther, shook hands with him and withdrew. I left him filling a short black pipe and preparing to read until one o'clock shonld strike. The spectral figure stood there, calm and motionless, gazing oo him with her malicious blue eyes. I hope she found it lively I VISION THB SECOND — HIS. The first week in January saw Eyken and myself speeding northwards on a visit to my old bachelor uucle, Colonel Ralph Breyebrook, of Breyebrook Hold. I don't know why I was anxious for Eyken to see that ont-of-the-world ghost- ridden old dungeon ; unless I had some vague ideas abont the homeopathic treat ment of disease, and thought he might find the atmosphere congenial and sooth- ing. I glanced in the train over my uncle's note of invitation. One paragraph ran thus : ' I shall be glad to see you and your friend. ' 1 begin to feel the days very long and very lonely now, I should like to go away for a short time. . This place begins to oppress me, but I cannot leave it unoccupied, and I have the usual difficulty in finding a tenant. The modern buildings are too small for the requirements of any but a bachelor's household, aud the East wing which might be available is, for reasons you know of, uninhabitable by any but the family who are seasoned to it.' Breyebrook Hold came in sight as dusk closed in. A massive, half-ruined tower on the edge of a cliff, partly built into the solid rock, and surrounded by an irregular mass of buildings and remains of fortifications. We were received with a certain amount of state and ceremony by my uucle. Glad to see you here, my boy,' he said to me over his port wine after din ner, 'in your proper place. Malise will be my successor here,' he continued, turning to Eyken. Breyebrook in Lincolnshire of course goes to his elder brother : Malise is my heir. It is a com fort to me to thick that when a I am in my grave the old tower will belong to one of the old stock ; instead of goiug to the hammer and being bought by some dashed, up-start cotton-spinner.' ' I don't fancy that cotton-spinner would find it festive, uncle.' Bight, Malise, right. There are thoBe about this place who-1 — never mind,' he broke off and nodded ominously. He'd have to blow the place up with dynamite and rebuild, if he meant to stay here : that's one satisfaction.' The Colonel seemed to approve ofEy ken, and he made no comment on early hours when he bade us good night just before eleven. ' I had to put him in the big tapestry room,' observed my uucle, as he departed. You don't mind the end room in the East wing, do you, Malise ? ' Not a bit. It's the most comfort able room in the house,' I added cheer fully. ' I couldn t put a stranger there; you know. I would go there myself, only Ferryman wouldn't stand it after dark ; and I can't part with him. J shonld never get such another valet.' ' I suppose it's the old etoiy, uncle V He nodded. I'll tell you what happened last week, Malise. The Delaprymies rode over from Axel- by to dine, bringing some friends who wanted to see the place. Pretty Miss Hester is all very well, but the friends were a fast, noisy set of young people in the execrable style of tbe present day ; they commenced to joke — in detestably bad taste, I consider — about ghosts and the haunted wing, and that conceited young pnppy from Cambridge, Phil Delaprymie, must needs talk of makiog np a party to meet Sir Joscelyn. Well, pretty Hester coaxed me out of my better judgment and — I let them go. Bat only one at a time. Master Phil he went first. I can tell yon, Malsie, his face was as white as his ngly spotty little neck tie when he came down, and he had to ask for a glass of brandy in Grindley's pantry before he would face us. Hester ran off gaily next, and she returned all in a tremble. She got to the end of the east corridor, she said, plnckily enough, but came back at frill speed with somebody in boots striding after her ! She did not dare look round. (Sir Joscelyn wasn't likely to let a pretty girl pass — the old ruffian !) The rest of the party seemed qnite satisfied without trying farther.' ' Seems to me that Sir Joscelyn is be coming a nuisance,' I observed, digesting this. He used to be satisfied with a room or two ; but if he now takes to in habiting the whole corridor, and effecting a practical blockade of everything open ing ont of it, isn't it — not to put too fine a point upon it — rather inconsiderate towards the rest of his descendants ? If you or I were to do snch a thing, uncle, people wouldn't like it; yon know 1' Colonel Breyebrook frowned. 'There'e a tone amongst yoa yoang men of the present day that I don't understand, Malise; a way of discussing matters, that lie beyond oar comprehension, in a familiar, mocking spirit — matters, by Jove, that should be sacred to a man of proper family feeling — that will end, mark my words, in infidelity, Darwinism, materialism, and the deuce knows what ! Let me have no more of it.' Next day was wet. After a visit to the stables and a game or two of billiards, Eykeo grati ied the Colonel hugely by a thorough afternoon's sight-seeing over the place ; as much of it as was weather proof, that is. So, luncheon over, the big bunch of keys was produced, and with tbe old batler in advance to unlock doors aud open shutters, we wandered idly aloug, listening to my uncles never- failing flow of anecdote and description. Upstairs and down he led us, through .lengths of dim corridors, up twists of winding staircase, into dusky state cuamoers wicn once-gorgeous uangings flapping mournfully in the gloom ; through secret doors into concealed pas sages smelling of mould and mice, and ending in sliding panels. Every hole and corner had its appro priate legend. Eyken listened with an air of respectful awe that pleased the old man. We arrived at last at the East wing and the picture gallery. This was a long strip of a room on the first floor, hardly wider than a passage, running the whole length of the building. Several bed-rooms, one of them mine, opened ont of it on one side ; on the other side was a huge old fire -place with two vast windows' A third window was at one end and at the other the door to the staircase. The walls were sparsely decorated with dingy dead - and - gone BreyebrookB ; most of our ancestors hav ing been removed to the Lincolnshire manor house. My uncle paused before Sir Joscelyn Breyebrook, 1659, temp. Car. II.' Sir Joscelyn's booted foot was in the stirrup of a foaming, prancing charger ; his plumed hat was in bis hand, his golden-brown lovelocks fell over his broad shoulders, but his too fas cinating face, whose fatal beauty was still the subject of popular legend, was only represented by two crossway gashes in the canvas, roughly stitched up. 'That, gentlemen, tells a tale of a wronged woman's anger,' said my ancle, "bat Fm not quite snre which. That is his first wife, Lady Amabel, daughter of the Duke of Burlington.' Lady Amabel hung on his right, a somewhat shrewdish young creature iu pearls and lace ruff ' On the left Cicely, daughter of John Hobden farmer.' Cicely, Lady Breyebrook, was plump and rosy in classic garb, embracing a woolly lamb that only required a green board and wheels to be very like the real thing. ' Facing him over the fireplace you see the other wives,' continued the ColoneL Dame Dorothy Dobbs, relict of Simon Dobbs, Knight, and vintner of the City of London ; Mistress Ursula Borlase, a young orphan heiress whom he abdncted from a French convent; and Mistress Banby MacTaggart, daughter of the MacTaggart, of ah-hum Scotland.' The city lady was gorgeous with jewel lery, lappeted and furbelowed, with a little spaniel curled up on her ample lap ; Mistress Ursula was blue -eyed and baby- faced ; and the daughter ot MacTaggart was stern and sour, with saudy locks Btnwed severely away under a close coif, uncompromising elbows and a sad- coloured gown. This one looks as if she out-lived him,' hazarded Eyken. They all did,' was my ancle's some what startling reply. ' What ? Where they all his wives at once /' AH that we know of,1 placidly an swered he. It's a curious bit of family history. As Sir Joscelyn said himself, he was a man of large heart and compre hensive sympathies, too extensive to be absorbed by one object. He fell a victim to the " unscriptural limitations of our English marriage laws. Had he been allowed to possess them all in peace, he might have lived happy and died re spected ; as it is — Well, here'B the story Lady Amabel, undeniably his first wife and the mother of hiB heir, hearing some hint of his dispersed attentions, secluded herself wratbfully iu Breyebrook Manor, forbidding him to show his face there. He bowed meekly to her decision and came northwards to the Hold, and here he installed his Cicely. They lived happily till the arrival of Lady Amabel, when Sir Joscelyn, after being soundly cudgelled by John Hobden, left the ladies to adjust their claims and appear ed at Court, one of the gayest and gallan- test figures of the assemblage there. There, after many adventures, he was wooed and wedded by buxom Dame Dorothy. He made her the best of husbands, as she frequently testified, finding no fault even with hie long absences ; from one of whioh he returned from France with pretty little Ursula. He had reason to believe that Lady Amabel was nursing her resentment in Lincolnshire, and Oioely at home with her father, eo he decided on bringing his bride at once to the Hold without paus ing in Loudon to enter into auy explan ations with his Dorothy. Little he 'guessed what had befallen in his absence. How Mistress Banby bad appeared from Scotland with a claim founded on a mar riage contracted daring the Scotch campaign ; how she had hunted him down, travelling from one wife to another with her story, till on that bleak wiDter when the gay groom and bride arrived at Breyebrook Hold, they found themselves received by the four insulted spouses ! You can picture the scene.' ' No : I can't say that I do exactly,' said Eyken, after trying conscientiously for a moment. 'That is a pity; I cin't tell much abont it,' said the Colonel. 'No one was present except Sir Joscelyn himself and the five Ladies Breyebrook, aud they kept the secret to their dying day. Oue inquisitive little page related that he ushered Sir Joscelyn and his bride into this very room where the four injured women awaited their traitor; that Sir Joscelyn, smilingly reassuring his terrified little bride, bowed with his usual courtly grace and advanced as if to present her to his four unwelcome guests, who stood firmly confronting him. The door swung to, and no man living ever beheld Sir Joscelyn. again.' 'But — but — what did they do to him1 Eyken demanded in sore bewilder ment. ' Was the corpse ever fonnd ' The five Ladies Breyebrook left the Hold the following day,' continued the Colonel, unheeding, 'all attired in widow's weeds. It was observed that each to the end spoke regretfully and affectionately of 'poor dear Sir Jos- 1 celyn.' 1 Here came a peel for the first dinner- bell. Eyken lingered behind as he left the gallery. ' I say,' he called out sis I was turning into my room, ' it's an uncommonly queer story : what do yon. make of it f ' 'Can't say, unless he managed to square them all and escape from the country : probably with wife namber six. Any way, he came back iu time to haunt the Hold.' ' What ! you think he got clear of the whole five? and Eyken gazed admiringly at the poor damaged figure. What a clever old Turk you were. Sir Joscelyn ! How I wish you had lived some genera tions later to have met my Yiola! You'd, have tackled her 1' VISION THE THIRD — BOTH OF THEN. A week of rain ; heavy, steady and persistent ; falling from a low grey sky that seemed to darken into tbe long January nights earlier and earlier each evening ; varied only by the thick white mists that Bwept over the moorland around as or roiled ap from the valley below, giving to the shortest expedition more than a spice of peril. Fortunately, Eyken was the most easily amused of men. He seemed content whether he were playiDg billiards, turning over the old rubbish iu the armoury, or listening to his hosts never-ending chronicles as if he liked ' Yea. I like this place,' he said one afern oon, as he sat on the frayed tapes try cushions in the deep window of the picture-gallery oleaning a gun, 'and I like your uncle. It's the eort of subject that has an interest for me, a personal interest,' and he heaved a big sigh,' I bad never again referred to his nightly visitor, bnt he still disappeared at the same honr every evening, only it seemed to me with growing impatience and reluctance. He would stay till the last possible moment and then stride upstairs three at a time, disappearing with a bang of his chamber door and an impious ejaculation.' ' Then she is here ' I inquired. ' Never fear,' he growled : ' only lucidly I don't seem to mind her eo much. I set all those ioUv old stories into my head and go to bed quite chirpy. When I hear about respectable family ghosts — like yours, you know — who have got some decent excuse for prowl ing, I could laugh at that hussy's cheek in setting herself up to haunt me. Breye, I want you to tell me abont Sir Joscelyn. This is his beat, isn't it I Don't you ever eee him )' I shook my head. 'I heard him about in the small hours, looking out of the windows in the moonlight, aud knocking at doors, with a hollow groan ; but he never comes to mine. If I were a young and attractive female it might be different. I shouldn't wonder if that is what he is in search of, now I think of it. I believe all his five wives were said to have re-married, eo after all he may be wandering forlorn and partnerless into the spirit world.' Eyken worked away with his grimy rags in silence for a short time, while I paced the long, low oak-pannelled gallery down to the end oriel, through which, veiled by tangled wreaths of ivy, the light flittered green and in distinct. He paused iu his polishing as I returned. 'I wonder what sort of a fellow he was to look at, before he was cat to bits,' he said, looking aoross at the pictare. Do you know, Breye, I have the most Unaccountable feeling about him — very much that which I had the first time I saw you.' I looked at Eyken with concero. Perhaps I had made a hazardous experi ment in bringing him here at all ! Suppose his mind gave way nnder the perpetual contemplation of ghosts — ancient and modern ? The first gleam of sunshine that we had seen since Christmas, came opportunely blinking in through the dusty panes : and we spent the afternoon in the fresh bracing moor land air. I retired to rest that night provided with a newspaper, the Fortnightly, a carriage rag, some spare candles, and an idea. My room had been as gruesomely impressive as the rest of the wing, but eome cheerful Philistine had whitewashed the oak panels and pat up. chintz hang ings, displaying bine monkeys sporting amongst groves of pink sunflowers. It looked warm and welcoming by the light of the blazing fire, and it .was with an ill-grace that I dragged ont a small table into the gallery, mule as comfortable a couch as I could on the window seal; and shot myself out in the oold to await events. I had been on eo many ghost- quests in my time that I knew the whole programme by heart. Midnight clanged ont from somewhere, and fonnd me read ing an article on the future of the British Constitution by an uncommonly bad light, juat as a heavy footfall was heard ascending the staircase. Tramp, tramp, it came, and by the bias light I beheld a gay and gallant figure approaching. It was clad in the graceful dress of the Stuart period, with heavy ridiug boots and spurs. One hand played gracefully with the long lovelocks that fell over his broad shoulders, the other was thrust into his open doublet. He, Sir JoBcelyD, strode jauntily along, looking from side to side in qnest of something — then knocked at the door of my room and listened : then at the next and tbe next Receiving no reply, his brow darkened and he tnrned with a touching air of appeal to the five portraits, and then appeared to notice my presence. With one Btride he came on, his hand clapped on his sword hilt ' A good-looking fellow,' I thought, 'very like me, pins a red nose and generally kuocked-about appearance.' The fierce eyes glared steadily at me; and he paused as if expecting some word or sign from me ; and as I gazed silently back at him, the candles burned lower and lower, and with a sudden flicker died out. When I relighted them I was alone. I looked at my watch. Five minutes past twelve. I had my own reasons for wishing Eyken to see what there might be to be seen of my redoubtable ancestor ; but wonld not summon him unnecessarily. Shonld Sir Joscelyn appear a second time I knew, according to all ghostly precedent; he wonld pay a third visit, and then would be time enough. Again came the tramp of booted feet.4 Sir Joscelyn appeared forlorn and dis hevelled, He stride agitatedly back- wards and forwards, wringing his hands J I and appealing with gestures of despair to I the portraits of his lost loveB. Again he espied me, and tnrned with the spring of a jealous tiger. Darkness followed, and silence.' I lighted np again, and made my way through the dark, shot-up house to Eyken's room. Eyken had never been to bed. He was sitting sulkily brooding over the fire, and behind him; distinct yet im palpable, stood the white shadow with the clntch of proprietorship - on his shonlder. 'Anything wrong he asked indiffer ently. ' No, bnt I want yon. Something odd is going on over there : I think it will be worth yonr while to come.' He rose, looking mildly surprised, but wuieBueui tueu uctiiutbeu, ' Won't she be de trop ' with a savage jerk of his thumb backwards. Not at alL Qnite the contrary. Come along !' and I hurried him off without farther explanation. My candles were burning forlornly in the dark emptiness of the gallery. At the far end, the moon was striving to light the oriel with eerie, fnrtive glimmerings ; Sir Joscelyn's portrait loomed grimly from the black length of walL ; Dare yoa wait here alooe, Eykeo ?' I asked impressively. ' I suppose I dare as well as another man, but I. don't see why I should,1 Baid Eyken, looking puzzled. « I'll tell you why afterwards. I'll stay with' you if you like, but I had better not. All right,' replied he, produciug and beginning to fill a short pipe with his nsnal placid deliberation: I suppose I may smoke !' ' Certainly,. and M bring you some more "candles. I did so, and he settled himself com posedly on the long window seat. ' No jokes, I hope,' he observed, as he tucked the rug over his outstretched legs. ' None.' I closed the door on a queer tableau. Eyken's broad fignre, attired in an ancient and beloved velvet coal; with suggestions of evening dress abont his tie and boots, was in the full light of the cluster of candles on the table, and had for background the diamond-latticed panes that caught odd glints of brightness An fJiAir mnrlrtr hlnclrnpjuL A lioht cloud hung peacefully over him, and his eyes were meditatively fixed ou the opposite portrait, of which the charger, the cravat, and the stitches were the only points distinguishable. The phantom stood at his head, illuminated by some clear, unearthly lustre emanating from itself, by which I could eee the pale eyes that seemed to sparkle defiance at me across the dusky space, the shimmer of her satin train and the glitter of some thing on her wrist when she mockingly caressed Eyken's dark head, causing him to start and shudder and brush away nothing vigorously. I do not now deny that my heart beat faster than usual, a host of direful apprehensions came throDgiog for the first time into my mind, as I sat listening. I had heard of men's nerves giving way nnder an Imaginary scare, but I had never credited Eyken with nerves or imagination. Sup pose the ghostly tenant of the gallery had the power to do mischief to an intruder Suppose he never appeared at all 1 What a fool I shonld look when Eyken told the stoiy ! AH in a minute — a hoarse; strangled shout; a crash ; a heavy fall, and — silence. I tore the door open, and, lamp in hand, rushed out into the gallery. All was dark, and an overtnrned candlestick rolled to my feet A black mass lay on the floor, prostrate. To my intense relief it stirred as I approached — it plunged, it kicked, it sat up and swore vigorously, and I made it out to be Eyken, involvedinthe railway-rag and tbe legs of the overturned table. I disen tangled him and helped him np. ' Where is he ' was his first query, ' and what is he ? I declare to yon, Breye, I saw him as plainly as I see you now ! I thoaght it was yoa, ap to some game, and I spoke civilly before I shied the candlestick.' Eyken looked wildly up and down. There's the candlestick, you see, Breye. It went "clean throngh him. And when I felt his cold fingers on my throat I sang -out — any man would, yon know. Confound it! my pipe's smashed.' The fellow was all of a tremble. Have some brandy, Eyken"; Pve got it here.' i\ o. VI am a mumeut. as stretuxiea himself up aud drew a long breath. I want to be quite sure I'm sober.' He loGked all round, rubbed hie eyes once or twice, and then seized me excitedly. Breye ! Look, quick ! What has happened? Where is she V 'Clone,' I replied, briefly. Oar eyes met, and the same thoaght flashed from one to the other, ' Gone off with Sir Joscelyn ! I'll be shot if she hasn'nt !" and Eyken dropped on the window sill and made the old waUs ring- with ehont after shout of inex tinguishable laughter. Good luck to the happy pair,' he cried, hauIiDg off a boot and sending it flying the length of the gallery. Crash through the oriel into the ivy it went, and vanished in a flash of blue light. The phantom bride was never seen again. Nor yet Sir Joscelyn. - Sir Egbert Eyken, KGB., is the most fascinating bachelor-colonel in the service; the pride and glory of the Boyal Denbigh. He will never marry — always hints at desolating love-passages in his early career, and now and then says, No one knows what a woman's constancy can be, except a man who has tried it' Our second boy, Joscelyn, is his godson and special delight Hester has let loose a fashionable high-art upholsterer in the East wing and there is a dado and Indian matting aud Japanese jars all over the place, and the old portraits have been cleaned and restored ; all except poor Sir JoBcelyn and his five brides, who have been sent off to Lincolnshire, where my sister-in- law who doesn't consider his stoiy edifying, has banished four to the lumber- room. My uncle, who lives with as (strongly restrained by Hester from imparting family legends -to the children), sighs and shakes his head over our innovations ; but finding that Sir Joscelyn has mani fested no opposition ; in fact, has never been beard of for years (thongh Malise, our eldest boy, who is of an imaginative tarn, declares he once met him showing a lady roand the place) ; concludes that ghosts/like everything else, deteriorate in the levelling atmosphere of the Nine teenth Century, aud that perhaps it Is better, after all, that they shonld take leave of the old places. 