Cmal and Cmmal. Confirmation at St, Stephen’s Cathedral. On Sunday last Ills Lordship, the Right Rev. Or. I)11tin'administered the sacrament of Confirmation in St. Stephens Cathedral. The following report is 1mm the Conner of Monday : — A very interesting and impressive ceremony took place yesterday in St. Stephen s Cathedral, when the Right Lev. Or. Dunne administered the sacrament of continuation to odd young people, comprising HU girls and 17(1 hoy candidates. Some .'Id adults also pre sented themselves for confirmation. The con gregation tilled (‘very available portion of the building. The candidates were seated in the nave of the church in the pews nearest to the high altar. The female candidates, with one 01 two exceptions, were clad in white, and wore a red ribbon, from which hung the con tinuation medal (sutim/ir </e. <m/jirmaiiun). The greater number of the boys wore their medals attached to a short band of ribbon on their left shoulder. The ceremony was com menced at 1 1 o’clock by t he celebration of mass by tin' Rev. Father Dunham, at which his Lordship the bishop, attended by the Lev. D. Foully, assisted. The incidental mu.-icof the mass was admirably rendered by the members of St. Stephen’s choir. The tioi/rtur by Lamb retti was sungas a solo with especial taste ami ell'ect. At the conclusion of the mass bis lordship retired to bis sanctuary lor the pur pose of assuming ms episcopal robes. Shortly afterwards be again returned to the altar, and kneeling jbefore the tabernacle, remained in prayer while the choir s me; the 1 rni Smirfc Sji/n'tm. Standing on the (lospcl side id. the altar, his lordship then brielly addressed the candidates in reference to the nature of the compact which they were about to enter into with Almighty God in the reception of the sacrament of confirmation, ’file design of the sacrament of confirmation was to complete and perfect tlm sanctification of their souls, re ceived in baptism, by bringing down the Holy (1 host in a more particular manner to dwell in them, and to fortify and confirm them in their faith, and to enable them the more effectually I o resist, all the enemies ol t heir souls. When they were children they were pledged to the Church by t heir sponsors to cuter into a cove nant with Almighty God. and now that they had come to the use of reason and were en tering on the threshold of responsible iite. tliev were called upon by the Church to revive that covenant. I n the first place Almighty God gave them in this sacrament llis Holy Spirit, with all His gifts and graces increasing the jus tiMention of their souls and making them more pure and hole in the eyes ot God. It continued and strengthened them in their holy laitli.and enabled them to coni css it Indore the whole world, and to light manfully against all the enemies ot their souls, so as to beat all the crosses ami trials of this life, with Christian meekness and humility, after the example of Jesus. It imprinted a sacred character or seal on their sou Is, which showed that the\ have been confirmed, and as it. were enlisted in the serviee of Jesus Christ to light under his ban ner all the days of their lile. Their blessed Redeemer was pleased of llis infinite goodness to institute, the hoi v sacrament of continuation as t lie never fail ing means to communicate 11 is Divine Spirit to his followers, and to enable, them to arrive at that sanctity and perfection which he required from them. His loidship then stretched out his bands over those who were about to be confirmed, and prayed for them that the Holy Ghost might descend upon them with his sevenfold graces. He then sat enthroned in the centre of the altar, and the young girl candidates advanced in pairs and knelt at. his knee, when he anointed tlmir fore heads with holy chrism in the form of the cross, saying the words—“ I sign thee with the sign of the cross ; I confirm thee with the chrism of salvation, in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost.” Im mediately after confirmation his lordship gave the candidate a little blow on the cheek, in tended to teach her to hear witfi meekness and ■ patience all crosses, persecutions, and trials ‘ for 1 he sake and glory of God, saying at the : same time, " 1 '• :ev be with yon.” Ail the can- j didates having been confirmed, Dr. Dunne j then came forward towards the altar rails, and i again addressed a lew words to those whom j he had confirmed. Ilesaid lie trusted that tin; i Holy .Spirit which they had received in the Indy saer.uu''!it of continuation might strengthen them to always remain faithful to the engagement they had entered into with Almighty God. He entreated them to turn with their w hole heart to God, and endeavour to love and serve Him henceforth, and prayed that Almighty God would give them grace' to correspond with all they had received in the reception of tin; sacrament of continuation. Before proceeding to administer the total ab stinence pledge to tin' candidates his lordship sail! it had been the, practice of thelate Hishop (Dr. o'Gninn). and the practice before that of the late Archbishop Holding, to administer flu: pledge |o the young people cnnlirmed till they wen* twenty Jive years of age. However, its some persons had an objection to their chil dren being pledged to total abstinence, he would ask them to inform him within the next, two days of their objection, and their children's mum.' would not he registered as having taken the pledge. The whole of the (amlidates then stood up, and raising their right hand, recited in an audible tone of voice alter his lordship the following pledge: In the presence of Almighty God, tile ldessed \ irgiu Mary and his angels and saints, I pro mise to abstain until 1 am twenty-five years ot age from tin: use of all intoxicating drink, and I pray God, through the intercession of the Blessed \ irgin and the whole court of Heaven, to give me grace and strength to keep tins promise.” His lordship, in giving them his blessing said, “ May God in his niercv i grant you strength to keep this promise.” I Ibis concluded the service, and the children I shortly afterwards tiled out of the church j t Wo lo t Wi I. I t failed to obtain from Parliament their acquies cence in the agreement which I made with a London company. But I stand thoroughly by the principle, and I will put it, before Parliament in another wav. Many differ with me, and those who differ must not have studied the terms of the agreement. I will say to them, You agree upon the land-grant principle, for you acknow ledged it in 1880. The majority who condemned my agreement acknowledged then that they were in favour of land-grant railways. Then I will say, State the amount of land you will give and upon what terms, and let the proposal go before the world. Put in that way, I have not the slightest doubt I shall be able to cany out the principle I have initiated already. It lias been said by the Opposition that I have gone back from the agreement ; lait that agree ment is done with, as 1 have explained. Why. if 1 am to be bound down to appeal to the country on such a thing as this, I must consider what, is the nature of the opposition m Parlia ment against it. When I brought forward the Railway Rill in 18S0 not a single man voted against it. It was carried, I may say, by accla mation on the second reading, without a dissentient voice, and it went through com mittee without the slightest, amendment, in principle; it stands as it is now owing to the cordial assistance of the principal leaders of the Opposition, including Mr. Griffith. In put ting the Act of 1SS0 before the country. I said it is one step forward towards an agreement. It is an advertisement to the world that, we are prepared to make an agreement on the principle embodied in t lie Act. At once men went into the speculation, and spent thousands in examining the country and seeing what (tier they could make to the Government. The time came during the last session of Parliament when it suited some men, who were considered sup porters of the Government before, to vote against the agreement. Then the wlmie Opposi tion, who agreed thoroughly wit !i the principle voted in a body against the bill, simply because there were enough men to go over from my side to enable them to defeat it. Who were the men that went over.' Not a single man who was not intimately identified with the great principle of big landed estates ! They are the men who went ovci. and when I see that I know what kind of opposition 1 shall meet when l go into Parlia ment. again, and have to initiate Liberal legisla tion for the colony. I know perfectly well that, the principle is thoroughly believed in by the oolonv, and it was only for the purpose of defeat ing the Government that, such a combination took place, 1 feel now that I am on lirmcr ground than ever before, and have a moRt thorough confidence, that the principle will be actually carried into legislation, and that before many months are over, or at, all events before manv vears. Another reason why 1 have to warn the colony against borrowing too much is this. Everybody knows that 1 am almost reck less myself in that wav. and wlw>n - . a lot of tilings connected with Government rail ways which would remain intact: ; 1 should not say remain intact, but rather intensified under the guaiantee system. We admit that Govern vnent. have mismanaged the railways, .simply because there has been so much interference with them by the public and noil-official men. Every body thinks they ought to put their finger in the pie, lmt if the Government railways are badly managed, there is something like a check on t heir management in the fact that Ministers are responsible to Parliament and the officials are responsible to them for their conduct of business. It is impossible to salve over the accusation that friends have been helped by re ceiving appointments on railway staffs, and often railways worked for the benefit of officials, not for (lie benefit of the railway system. But what would it be under the guarantee system ? Under that system the company would get five, six, or seven per cent, and it would not matter a straw tn them who appointed the station-masters or piuters so that the Government had to pay their interns!, and so long as they got that they would would he riglir. That was all they would look for. 'That wa> the system in India ; we had a splendid example there. Put guarantee rail ways there have been stopped for many years, and 1 am sure no colony with a solid substantial found,hi ion would ever take such a plan as that for railway making. Tut; Coolie Question. The next question 1 come to is that of coolies. (('heers.) I have never been afraid to speak on that subject. I have spoken more about it,, and gone more round about every phase of it, than any other speaker in the colony. There is no one listening who will not give me credit for sincerity in dealing with the question. There are popularity-hunting politicians who have always found a strong point in starting had feeling between the two races. It is curious to note that a great part of those men, the men who raised the cry against the “ nigger/’ were men whose interests would he most seriously affected if that, class of labour was done away with. (Cheeis and dissent.) I will just give a short history to show how the question has been kept constantly as a raw spot in polities. I had been a squatter many years when I went into Parliament, and in ISTo T worked my own station, and employed no kanaka labour. I looked after the place myself, and from my own ex peril nee in working navv'e- I knew perfectly well that 1 should never lose with white men. Until (he day I left the station I had my work done a great deal better and more profitably than if I had employed kanakas. I went down to Pai liamcut with that experience very strong in my own mind. My own opinion is that I would not have kanakas in the interior of the colony on any consideration, because there are plenty of white men to do the work who can do it better and more to the advantage of the em ployer, and less to the detriment of his pocket. 1 am a strong advocate for preventing kanakas being employed in the interior. In 187d the first racket commenced against kanakas in Par liament. The picsent. Chief Justice of Victoria, Sir William Slawell, was then at home on leave of absence. Being a man of considerable ability ami great intluenee, he was asked by the then Secretary for the Colonies, Lord Carnarvon, to give him* a memo on the whole subject, pointing out the evils of the employment of those men in Austialiu. the mode in which they were obtained, the wav they were treated, and everything else of interest in connection with the question. Sir W. Si a, well sent in his report. It was to a con siderable extent, against the importation of kanakas, showing the evils of their importation, and urging that regulations should be made to pi v' nt those evils. The report was sent nut I,'.- Lord Carnarvon to the Govern ments of the Australian Colonies, includ ing the Queensland Government, in lbo>. < in tiic receipt of the report- the present Speaker (Mr. King) proposed bringing in a hill to give the effect of jaw to the recommendations made in the report. Von will remember the iniquitous stories then in circulation, though there was no doubt n great deal of truth in them at, that time. The Government immediately brought ill a bill that )ie ' suited the then Premier, Mr. Macalistcr. As soon as the hill was introduced the House Went .1)1 Its old tack -that is. it, got into a rabid discuss,h,.-), until a few noisy members raised the cry of - Down with the nigger." Nothing was dom -from t he commencement of the session to iis eiel. and at last the hill perished among the innom ms ’’ ah t he end of the session. In 187P> Me. (/urge Thom being Premier, he made a nni>e about, his determination to put the kanaka business light, and brought forward a not her hill I net I \ much on the same lines as flit; previous one. ‘ 11 went past, its second muling, and a cer tain wav through committee. Then other Go vernment business blocked it, and the year finished, and si ill the kanaka, hill had not passed. J was sitting in Opposition all this time. Then in 1N7-S the lull was brought in again. the argu ment of the introducers always tended to one point. They wished to put coloured labour of any description out of the colony at, once, hut yet would never embody any clause to that effect in the bill. The bill did not say that the labour should cease, but the speeches outside the House all harped on that one point. Not a single clause, however, wont so far as the present kanaka Act. 1 took a most prominent part in the discussions on the bill. I said : All your arguments tend to this point, that no black labour ought to Vie employed in the colony. If you are honest men, and have the courage of your opinions, embody that idea in the bill and you will get my support. I said so for this reason, that at that time the sugar industry was just making a start, and it had been looked upon before as certain ruin to those who went into it, but at that particular period the turn had come. Im mense sums of money were about to be spent, and land was being taken up unmistakably on the faith of kanaka labour being continued. 1 therefore said the Government of the day should take an honest and distinct course. If they did not intend that the labour should continue, they ought to have put that into their legislation, so as to prevent men from putting capital into an unprofitable in dustry. I challenged them to that point, and drafted a c'ause to put an end to the labour at three years, and told them I would support it. Mr. Macrossan, who was also in Opposition, offered to support it. Air. Buzaeott. who was an a Vile member of the Opposition, offered to support the clause, as the best, and at all events the fairest means of ending a stand ing sore, which was brought up year after year. The Government were forced to take the matter into consideration, and the debate stopped that night, on the ground that they would bring in an amendment. From that day not a single word more was heard about the bili, and the Government refused to bring it on. Afterwards, in 1S7B, as soon as the House met, the then Opposition demanded a kanaka bill, and pointed out that the whole of the coast lands were being deliberately let out to sugar planters, who were encouraged by advertisements to take up land for sugar-growing purposes, and which could not be used in arty other wa v. YVe said the Govern ment must bring in a bill to regulate or abolish the labour. They brought in a bill, but was it to abolish black labour There was not the si ghtest mention of abolishing it in three, fif teen. or twenty years. It was the same old bill to make some provision for the comfort of the kanakas, without a single concession to the Liberal party who had assisted them. I went into power in 1871). 1 knew that the working men had a great appreciation of the advantages of the introduction of capital. They know where their interest lies, and that, the abolition of black labour in 187T would have been the worst thing that could possibly have happened to them. We brought in a bill, and in spite of °11 the odium cast upon us, framed the present Act, which has the full appreciation of Mr. Griffith, as he told you in liis speech at Brisbane. 1 ask any thinking man to consider the position. The sugar planters knew as well as possible that the party who were always pretending to bring in a bill to stop kanaka labour were not. sincere, and knowing that had gone on making planta tions, and rendering them profitable to such an extent that the working men thoroughly be lieved in them. That was not a time to endea vour 1o abolish kanaka labour, when the whole of the constituencies believed in it. Beople have got mixed up in their minds concerning the late extraordinary attempt to import, coolies, but the Government have not been connected with the fiasco of landing coolies in I’unduberg. The first intimation 1 had about it was that the ship was on the coast. I could not believe it, because I knew (Vylou very well, and did not think men could have so liitle judgment as to go there to get labourers to do any mortal work in the world. I heard this simply from rumours in the papers. The first official intimation the Government, had was a telegram from the Indian Government asking if this had been done by our sanction or knowledge, and whether provision had been made for the men. My reply was that it had be<‘n done without, the sane.ihm or knowledge of the Government, and if 1 he coolies had come they must have come on the same footing as anyone else. So the Government had nothing to do with the matter whatever. The grievance among you is. I hope, settled : at all events it had nothing to do with the policy of the Govern ment. I believe myself that the greater part of the colony on the seaboard and some way towards the interior will never be cultivated except by coloured labour. 1 believe further that no white man has the slightest intention of working on sugar phonal ions. I know men work on the Northern diggings, and I know they have not the slightest intention of' winking on the plantations, or allowing t heir families to do so, and I .should be sorry to see them go there. (Cheers.) I believe it is possible to bring coloured labourers to wink on t lie plan tat ions and to force them to stop there. There is not the slightest difficulty in the way of doing Ibis, and no difficulty in the way of preventing more coolies coming if it was de sired to stop them. It, could be done by a letter from the Colonial .Secretary dismissing the protector appointed under the regulations. That would stop it at once. As to the idea of its competing with white labour, that is pre posterous. Supposing black labour no longer to be got on plantations, what would the planters do ? (A voice : “ What about Chin kies V”) I will tell you directly what you would find even in Bundaberg. Of course storekeepers and work men about here may fancy that everything would go on just as well as ever. Bundaberg might do so perhaps. But in Maryborough and Brisbane the consequences would be a perfect collapse under such circumstances. The proper way, no doubt, would be to confine coloured labour to planters. (Cheers.) That it can be done I have not the slightest doubt in the world. It could be tested in six months, and if in six months any should leave the plantations and come into competition with ordinary white men, the whole thing could be stopped at once by not giving them the power to come. If the Government could be enforced to continue the importation, I could understand the objection, but there was not the slightest chance of that happening. In the last rarliament there were about thirty-five members out of fifty-five against allowing coloured labour to leave planta tions at all. 1 don’t believe that any House could be returned in the present state of public affairs that would not be strongly in favour of offering every facility to planters. Regarding the difficulty of getting men, what remedies have been proposed ? Do not fancy for a moment that I have any particular affection for coolies. 1 leave the matter entirely to the sugar planter to get the best labour he can. My position is this, that no labour he can get must interfere wtih the population of the colony. 1 am no advocate for coolies any more than any other kind of labour that the planter may get. I have heard it suggested that the planters should get Chinamen. 1 took just as prominent a part as anybody in keeping Chinese out of the colony. I know they are really, from the experi ence obtained of them in the Bast and in America, a class of men who should never be allowed to increase in the colony. I do not put it on the low ground that they compete with European workmen and bring down wages, but on the higher ground that they deteriorate the position of the working men, and tend to lower their civilisation. (Cheers). On this ground I have always opposed. Take the other alternatives proposed in words that have varied as we take them from the leader of the Opposition, or the exponents of opinion on that side who have perhaps been a little more pronounced than he has been. Mr. Rutledge says that the panacea for the country is to introduce Germans and Italians to such an extent that they would have to work for 5s. a week. I believe thoroughly in a system of immigration. At present we bring out men not for the purpose of depreciating the wages of working men. That has not been the effect hitherto. Men in Bundaberg are now getting a shilling a day more than they did when I stood last for election. (Cheers). I am a thorough advocate for immigration, not because it will lower wages, but because when there is plenty of labour men of capital will employ it more, ami the more labour there is the greater the amount capitalists can afford to give for men, as they are developing the resources of the colony. We have gone on increasing immigration to a greater extent than ever was done before, while wages have gone up. When we see wages go down we know it is time to stop. But because the producing interests are consuming all the labour available, why is this diabolical scheme for bringing Germans and Italians out to work for 5s. a week to be adopted ? Are working men going to stand that sort of thing ? Would the Germans and Italians listen to the idea? Are they going to come here and work for this wage ? 1 advocate that sugar planters should have co loured labour because it does not interfere with the labour of the colony. It increases white em ployment and white men’s wages, and therelore does harm to no one. Past Lisctslation. I take some pride in looking back to the legis lation initiated and carried out during the past. To some it may have appeared that the Govern ment was tyrannical, and carried things with a high hand, but I do not think so. 1 am quite sure that if a man has definite fixed opinions iti his own mind, it is the best way for him to en force them on those people he governs for the time, and better for the colony, it has been a gnat fault in the colony that men had not evinced a great deal more determination. Where 1 have been most blamed for my actions it has been acknowledged that 1 was right afterwards. I.was at first obstructed on gene ral principles. When 1 brought the three million loan forward, the biggest item in one sum contained in it--although there were sums for other railways—was one for extending rail ways West. That was opposed to the point of obstruction. 'Idle House sat night after night, but now it was a prominent feature in the new Liberal programme. If it is good now, it could not have been so bad then. 'The satisfaction we have given in extending these lines is almost universal, and expressed almost uni versally. I could have no higher compliment than this imitation by the other side. No man had more abuse for trying to bring the colony into direct communication with the home country. A large amount of odium was thrown on me by the Press of the other colonies, but I have been a consistent Queenslander all through, standing for the interests of Queensland against monopolies established for the benefit of other colonies. There was no more gigantic monopoly in favour of other colonies against Queensland than in the traffic between the home country and Australia. If a man wanted a decent pas sage he had to come to Sydney or Melbourne and finish with a coast steamer. Most of the coasting vessels were owned by Sydney men and the bulk of the trade went to Sydney and Melbourne. 1 did a most unpopular thing at the time and two-thirds of the colony were against me. Now it is generally acknowledged that there is universal prosperity in the coast towns, where merchants are established who deal directly with England ; and as fine ships may be seen lying in the Brisbane lliver as lay at Sydney, at all events five years ago. That has been undoubtedly brought about by my deter mined stand in subsidising a mail company to initiate the traffic between the home country and the colonies direct. It was not done pri marily nor principally for the purpose of getting our letters home, but to make us independent of other countries. I claim, however, that it lias been a most ellieient mail service, rendering us cpiite independant of other colonies. I am proud to say we are in a position to carry letters cheaper between England and Queensland than any other colony, if the English (iovernment would only allow us to do so. This is the only colony which has established a fourpermy rate for half-ounce letters, and this gives us a con siderable advantage over Sydney and Melbourne. Brisbane has had the disadvantage of having to pay an additional 3d- on letters sent by other services. 1 may explain that the subsidy is intended to pay for carrying Ilia whole mail, whether consisting of one letter or 1 fiO,000, and every letter sent bv that service goes to the credit of the colonial fund. The English (lo vernment coolly and deliberately claimed the privilege of sending letters ri/i .Melbourne and Man Francisco, and charging the same rate, not themselves paying it, but making (Queensland pay. If 1 had not handicapped the other services we should have broken down. I handicapped them by charging fid. instead of <>d., and in consequence the service is more, thoroughly established and perfectly able to let people have their choice of routes, that it has been a thoroughly successful thing no man who has studied the matter can deny. 1 am not going to enter into local matters to-night, as I intend to take an opportunity of doing so another time. I am proud to have represented you so long, and shall he happy to represent you again. In reply to a question the Premier said that Mr. Rutledge’s .statement respecting Bermans could be found in “ Hansard ” of the 4th duly, ISS2, Mr. Samuel Johnson proposed, and Mr. George (Ireathead seconded, a vote of eonfi- j Mr. John Lamb then proposed, and Mr. Frank Lambert seconded, an amendment which I was a direct negative. The original motion was then put, and the Chairman declared it carried by a large majority The Premier had a capital hearing, and was loudly cheered when the vote was put and de clared carried. ' 