TITK RliD.M-OND UUPFfANTSM TN SYDNEY; ? ? ! -. (Fivm the lierald.) ? In one respect it is'vcry 'tirielr to lie re gretted that the dnti-Ryilnioud meeting was so disorderly, that witli one exception ' it' was ? the 'most; disorde^ meeting: ever held in Sydney, for such a fact taken by hielf would' seeni to intimate that- we are not progressing socially ? 'and politically. ' : . ;S;:lf-restrairit is of . the. very essence of liberty, and. where people' .'.dp :,not govern themselves individually', they cannjit be . .,'.\voll ...self governed as' a community. It , would be a'b'ad sign if' vve ' were f'irced to ? 'Ih.o- conclusion that ,oui; political fre'edoni is liof' 'training, 'o'u'iv popu'ation to a r itioiial . aelf- contro'.' : It would be an injustice, ? howeVer, tiV.tHe people of this coinaiuiiity ' il' tho- disorder pii. Tuesday. evening were taken as tyoical, and if it were chargeable ' against thti ' people generally. It was due ; to the action of a sniiill uuinber-of persons^ whi are hot Worthy pf the liberty tfiey en \- : joy.' who' arestnora.lly' iaiid,. inteUcbtu-illy below the level -of their fcllow-citizens, who ? ' at a signal can roar thorn-el ves hoarse about liberty, but who evidently do not know : -what 'it ?means.; The liberal suffrage which prevails here entitles them, to show up' at ' ' the citizens'' mooting, but if, they knew their own terrible deficiencies their modesty would lead them either to remain away or to .remain- silent;- ? ?' B', it if; in foue ? respect, the dis'or'der was vegretable, it gives on .another side some, saiisla'ction. It is a good :thing that we should know th;- . facts, and understand: what Mr. lleduiond's sympathisers .ire lik — what sort of people they are, and wbat sort ol lilierty they would let other folks have if 'hoy had tb'i onpi-'- hand, \V;» tire '? ionv' w»y *' .'.rclam! —so far, says M r. f Redmond, that we are profoundly ignorant of its people and their long's t free- ing patience. We have; however, a little bit jot Ireland out. here, aud Redmond's clients have given us .1 slight taste of the st'ill they aro nlade of Out here they have not a grievance, or the gho.st, ..I a grievanci'. They can be their own landlords to mor row it they like, and they have more Home Rule than they know how 10 use wisely, and yet they .'Jet their faces against free speech, against law and order, 'an ' try t ?- become a persecuting aud tyrannical class, and threaten with personal violence a statesman whom tlicy dislike. Mr. Red mond assures us that in Ireland they arc so law-abiding and peaceable that Mr. Glad stone's Coffciou Act was an unendurable insult. The- proceedings of h-s friends 011 Tuesday evening form a rather unfortunate coirunetr. 011 this assurance. They let u-i ? Understand a little what are the terrible ! difficulties, in governing Ireland that Mr. | Gladstone has had to. contend with. The 1 llediuonditesghere are iu a small minority. They -had .against them, in their disorderly, procedure, not only the police, but the immense majority of the peaceable popula tion, iand yet in spite of that, they broke out into violence. We shall be wanting a Coercion Act hero som if this sort of thing is to ;row, Arid let us imagine oratory ten times -vot'sethan Mr.'Redinond's political caution has allowed him to indulge in 'here, iuilauiing Ireland -from one end to the other — -cannot we understand hosv difficult it must have been for Mr. Gladstone to pre serve order, aiid yet do as little injury as possible to liberty? If Mr. Redmond's followers had wanted to make us under stand how necessary a Coercion Act — which was nominally as well as really a Protection Act — .vas in Ireland, they could hardly have giveu us a more convincing illustra tion. . 