COUNTRY NEWS. [From our Country Correspondents.] CLARE, MAY 28. It is with heartfelt pleasure that I hare to record three splendid falls of rain, and it is still overcast and showery. From 3½ to 4 inches must have fallen, and the ground is thoroughly soaked.-Farmers and gardenetb are as busy as they can be, and are sowing this year in hope. I trust that they may have their hopes fulfilled, and carry home their sheaves re joicing. It is time we had some good returns. "Bad times" was getting too monotonous a by word.— One of our oldest residents and magistrates, Mr. W. L. Beare, has left Clate, but before doing so he was presented t>y his friends wich a highly com plimentary address and a purse of 110 sovereigns. The presentation was made by the mayor (Mr. T. R. Bright), and he, as well as several others, spoke in the most eulogistic terms of Air. Beare. As a magistrate there is no doubt that he was most fair and painstaking, and very few men in the colony that have sat on the bench have earned a better reputation.—Several move ments ot popular interest have taken place during the month. A political dinner was given to Messrs, Bright and Bosworth, at Auburn, and from what I *cc in the reports, 1 fear the senior member has hurt the feelings of the advocates of a railway between Bivertoo and Clare. The idea of tbis railway becoming a reaiity some time in the future is by no means dead. It may tor a week or two be tnppoted to sleep, but even when sleeping it is carefully guarded by tne vigilance committee who wake it op and make ie cry lustily at the least alarm.—Another political spread took place here on the ICth, when a banquet was given to the Stanley niembei s, Messrs. Catt and Howe. A great deal of speecbifyirg was done, and the proceedings were not closed till midnight. The Hen. Commissioner isnqtconsideredtohave "settbe Thames on fire" in bis speech on the occasion.—We have had more missionary work going on. Dr. Kelynack being the moving spirit, and some more of the Clare money has gone to assist and civilise the heathen in other lands. Matthew Burnett conudered us such h*rd nails that if his statement be true we had better keep our cash and attend to our own cases at tome.—The Salvation Army, I hear, is coming. I don't know which to be most merry for. the Army or the attacked. I fear they will not go down here. Personally I an indifferent, as I live outside the town. I hear of one old lady who v having a XXX pair of boots made to accompany them intheir par- ? ambulatioos —An unpleasant case occurred at the i .Local Ccurt on the 16th, when a man named Fitz ?Jmmons sued Mr. H. Crabb for £i. bal&noa; of money received for a dog sold for plaintiff. Tha plaintiff through an an accident is nearly blind, and Crabb undertook to sell a greyhound for him. Ha said be would take £2 if be could not get more. Crabb sod the doc for £t, receiving at the sama time £1 more as a charitable contribution from the purchaser, Mr. Fowler, of Yarrow. He, however, only handed £2 to Fitzsimmons. The matter got wind somehow, and the action followed. Crabb was obliged to hand over the £3, and wm also let in for costs, while the S.M. made some most severe strictures on the case. The affair was a friendly one in every way, there being no pretence of business, previous purchase, or commission in the transaction. Local feeling ran very high In the matter. A sub- Fcription has been strut ml fcr Fitzsimmons, and I think about £30 has been promised.—The lectures which it was hoped would take place in connection with the Institute do not appear likely to come off. The winter is getting on and no mention is yet made of them. I should have thought we had local talent enough to have got op some interesting papers and kctnrettes without depending on outsiders at aiL A oteful and sensible paper was read by Dr. Smith at the last meeting of the Clare Gardeners' Society, —dare society has incurred a severe loss by tha death of Mr. B. B. Gleeson. Be was a pleasant and sensible young man, and was a general favorite. As I have already paid a special tribute to his memory in your colums 1 need aay no more here. The Eev. B. B. Webb preached a funeral sermon on tha Sun day following bis dense.—The baths have baso closed for toe winter, the big tub is aow flouted over, and the building is used as a ?k?tintririk. A large number o* parsons attended the fintavening to witness the opening ceremony.— St lean's dims sod menagerie have been Asm' They ears fall satfabotioa.—A new dab ?f 4iw mutii?J. improvement type has been formed. lit U called tbeStarients'Club. The ?Meting* an teU in the inttftute lecture-room.—The heavy rat— dur ing themonth have done a good deal of mischief oa the roads. Hjt^mmp; gangs are hard at work throughout the district A denotation at Bhtk residents waited on the Commissioner of Cram Landi whenbe was at Clare with regard to the annoyance* they suffered in respect totoetnveUina; stock reserve, no one being allowed to use it tor localatock. The Commissioner prorated to bar* the eTfl redreuea. Mr. Hows, kLP., iatroiand the deputation.—A canard is afloaUhat the Hen. G. C. Hawker wHJ. at the next tdectton. try if "the prophet is altogether without honor in bis own country," by contesting Btan!ey. There Is tittle doubt but he would get through. GAWXEB. MatM, The Wesleyan Church in Gawler commenced a series at revival services by an inaugural pesyar Beating at midday on Monday. May M. IcUtfexir intention to bold payer meetings at th* auu hour every day. Persons attending are not expected to *top the whole tine, but (en minntesor a Quarter of an hour, as opportunity offers. Prayeroeetangi will also be bald in the evening of each day is ths schoolroom. A revival feeling has also been ut t pension at Ooetree Bill, in the Gawlfircircolt.a?i already twenty converts have been added to cha church—The Ber. J. Nicholson bat beta aerioulr indisposed during the past week and on Buday everune the first portion of the service badtoba conducted by Mr. C Annals.—The ?mlTim, which for many days baa been one sweep of hearyanowan, aDDanotly cleared up on Tuesday, May 20, and tha ran shone out brightly the whole of the day. In the evenfog, with the exception of a few clouds, the sky was clear giving rmraite of a, fine night. A few daj?" fine weather now would be invaluable to the farmers,** the ground is In many places almost too wet for farming operations. Where the aeed baa been already planted the progress is good, and from al parts the fai nwi say the land has not had sac* Uoaking for years. PORT PIBU, May st. The novelty of a Salvation Army campaign hu been provided for Port Pirie. by the arrival of four of ibe"brave?,*'anderthecaptaincyof McOibhs, known as the " YorkshireiJCeush." They bar* notified their intention to establish a corps here. and with a view to opening a barracki aad have begun negotiations for the purchase of suitable premises. Saturday wan so wet during the day that a start could not be made, bat at night the force* "opened fire in Howe's Assembly-rooms, which they have engaged for three daya. A huge crowd assembled, and the energetic advocate* of Che mq principles were listened to attentively till about 10 o'clock. The usual "atinnMring" tactics of tha corps were adopted—first one giving an address, then a prayer would be offered, or a hymn sung, and so on to the end of the chapter. . One man want to the penitent form. On Sunday three "attacks" were made on the nnpnlstn of the townsfolk, tha place of meeting being the Queen's wharf, where a hrus band, consisting of three instruments, the prajen, and songs soon attracted a crowd, and than off they marched to the ball, so again listen to the enthusiastic appeals, prayers, and singing of tie "warriors." The novelty of the situation, and the actions and style of address of the speakers seemed to be thoroughly enjoyed by their audiences, they being frequently impelled to lough outright, the soldiers apparentlvenjoying the merriment as much as their hearers. The addresses in the main bristle with Instances of what God could and would do for suffer* ing and sinful humanity if he were approached, "practically" and *'personally." They deprecated intermediate course*, and urged their hearers to "go lor" him "alone,*' and at once. 4c. Mr. Gibbs said they were doing good work in "showing the road" to thowasds who wouldn't look at a church, and never troubled to hear, and wouldn't hear the "Word or life" if the? were not "at tracted" and "told of it" by the Salvation Army. It was noticeable that at each service the audience became more and more interested, if one could judge by the increased numbers who helped the soldiers with their songs. I don't think Port Pirie offer* tfcem much scope, because we are all so "re spectable" here that the "larrikin" and "fallen women" elements are comparatively unknown amongst us. Balit vdl be a, blessing if they kucceed in reforming a few of the "sots" of ths place. There has been a heavy demand for the War Cry unce the advent of the corps.—"More water and more wheat" has been the frequent salutation in the streets during the last three days. The weather has been most seasonable, and nearly, if not quite, another inch of lain has fallen since my last letter was written. Many cellars and other underground rooms all over the town have been flooded by the soakage. Our hopes aai those of the farmers are at their highest, and I think there will be some realisation.— Sir. Malcolm's lecture on ostrich farming and ths suitability of this colony for the successful propa gation and development of these feathered friends was much appreciated by all those present. A good many tickets were sold outside amongst tha Burners, but the weather was so wet that they could cot take advantage of them. The lecturer described and followed the process of development of the birds from the embryotic to the plucking or " sneering" stage; showed now to judge the quality of the festhfrw, the average value per pound, this mode of bringing the birds up, and the little atten tion required, Ac.; and advised his hearers to add another string to their bow by adopting the in dustry, as the country was specially adapted for it. To enable the fanning community and bear she lecture and have tneu eyes opened to a new and profitable speculation, and one that they should not miss, it has been suggested to get Mr. M?ii~fjm to redeiiver it at some future time when they are not so much engaged In their own affairs, the proceeds to go to the new rnstftnte (and —The proceeds of tfce picnic and concert given en Thursday, May 24, by the Pioneer of Pirie Lodge of Good Tempters in aid of Brother K. Smith amounted to nearly £23. a very substantial benefit indeed.—With the addition of the Salvation Army services to-day the inhabi tants'spiritual requirements were attended to by no less than five distinct sects, namely, Congregi tionaUst, Wesleyan, Catholic Cnristiui Disciples, the "Army," and Anglican. No wondsr we are kept "respectable." DELAMEBB, May £9. We have had some very wet and conld weather faerelately. For the past week the rain has been almost incessant and the ground is thoroughly satu rated, so that several of the farmers have had to suspendplougrdng owing to the boggy nature of the land.—The Lord Bishop of Adelaide; Dr. Kannioo, held a confirmation service is the Angiioan Church here, m Sunday last, when 17 randirtntes were con firmed by him. TbeatteodsDoe was unusually Urge, many from other denominations being present to witness the ceremony. The service was conducted by {the Ten. Archdeacon Marryat and the Bey. Canon Morse (pastor of the church). After the service the bishep addressed a few words to those who had been confiraned, pointinc out to them the solemn vows they bad taken upon themselves, and exhorting them to continue as tbey bad begun and they would never regret the step they bad taken.— aiurti amusement bas been caused here lately by a. report thata ghost had been seen. It appears, from the account of the young man who saw it, that ai he was going along the road shortly after dark, he be held something white lying across the road before him. As he looked at it, it began to rise up. He did not wait to see note buttoned and ran for his life. What maces toe affair more ridiculous is that the supposed ghost was nothing more than a whits cow that bas been strajing about the roads lately. 