NEWWESLEYANi CHURCH. By the Wesloyans ?of MaVyboroughj-'y^Bterday vill in all probability be -looked bael; jipon as a rod-letter day, 'a day to bo rdmcznbercd, inas-' much as it m.arks a very important Blcp.i^lbo progress of t^eir'cbureli.in. tliis neiglib'or^ood, Tinmnlr. tbe, laving of tboioorner stone.attbe I junction of Alieo and Adolaido-etrecU,1 of an cdtfioe which, when completed/will be one of th« hahisomdstand'hiostcommodiouBamoDgst tlioso/et'apart for sacred^purjxMcs. . jho cere mony , being an . imposing . affair inoecBsaril}' attracted a large rconcoune tf -people, not only of the Wesleyan but ofother'porflUafiLdnB. , The'' proceoaingswo^o^uoted'by^t^e resident minis. , tor, . the Ber. jMr, ^uoaburj^ ^bl/. assisted by the .jmoiflters of other denominations. ' - Aftef an appropriate liymn' Was suiig, and Mr. Daesbury nad offered tlib Rer.s Mr. Harrison read seveml portions of Scripture referring ' to* the tuildibg of teifiplos for the vonbip of God, and Mr. Olarke waB caUed upon to place in a cavity prepared for the pur . pose, a bottle1' containing a' number oi papers' and documents, of ^wtiicli tbo following is a corrected list ^ t v ; ri Stonb t?F 'WESt^AN Citubch, Mahteobouou. Is'cw Soujh rVV alos lati d , Qdocoslan^ Conference. . , ::COLOffX iOF, 'QUEENSLAND. Sir A. E. Kennedy, 'Governor of Colony. _ Sir Thomas Mfilwraitb, 'Premier. | ' Hon; S. Griffith, Leader of tho Opposi tion. ' * '' *? A ' a , 1 # Members of Hon.H.'E. King (Speaker) f LegielatiTo 4 ' Henry Palmer, JEsq.; i Assembly for , ) Maryborough. lUBTBOAOUiGH, Charles 3?oHrors, Esq., Mayor. vv . u ? v uutw, iwu' viers. Population ofiMaryborougb, about 12,0C0. Rev. William Moore, President of the' Con ference. — - - _ ,J Bov/Frank Diiesbury, super- S -Ministers of intendent. - Maryborough Revr'W.H^Iam^^ assistant), V ^Circuit. » William W^is jjs, -superintendent of Sabbath , School. . JSobert uones / c. : f . David Clarke J Circml 6to?'ard8-. » ' Edmund Bcott) J'' ' a Robert Mareh ] Church StowarSs. ? IIBMD.EBS O? THE BUILD IiTQ WdJLHITTEE. . Robert Jones, William Williams, James Walker, D. B. ' Hunter, 35. J. Hobson, K. B. Bennott, Charlos Powers, David Clarke, R. G ' Sunday, JAcob-,ThuroohtriJi Bobinsony E. Scott' K. Marsb, E. Negus, John. Jones, Keal, C- ? Wacrellj T. 3?. ?eat, J. 'Gee, O. Faulkner, Geo.* Kegus. ... ^ . t -( . William Soutbordbn, ^Cre^surer. , . ' -flflAHM' CPitlAv 1 s.{ ! .. ARCHITECTS. ^ Messrs. Wilson an^ BeswicV, Molbourne.v Hemy ChallanSs, 'Clork of Works. Messrs, Hanson And Sf^pbensen, Contraclore. This Foundation Stone Was laid by thb Boy. Mathow Henry Parkinson, Chairman of the' Queensland District, on tlio 27th day of Feb ruary, 1883, being tlio Corty.-sixth'year *-M.he ' reign of Her . Meet. Gracious Majesty j&iieen; Victoria.', , There is deppsited in tbis stone a copy of this document, , .coins of , tlio realm ; : copy of tbo; 7 VccJiXy Advocate printed in Sydnoyy contain- ' ing tbo number of jusmbcra .of Society in eveij Circuit in New South .Wales and Queensland ; * the first copy of the Christian Messenger ; copy of tbe Evangelical Standard^ copy of.. tbe Maryborough Chronicle, odited And printed^by | John Woodyatt, Esq.,_Kent-8trcct j copy of the i Wide Bag ^and ^Burnett -$ewt' ^edited and | printed by William Keitlj, 'Esq., ijazaar-street? ; copy of the Sugar PUniteri edited and printed by Goorge Cathearfc Craig, Esq., : Wharf- street ; and proBpoctus ofi Saturday Evening Herald, to bo printed and publisbod by G. C. Craig, Wharf-Btreet. '1 j ? j | « i \ j ' Mr. Clarke /Laving r ad the above for tho cdifieaiion of tbbsejwesenfc, Mr. Duesduby, inaTew appropriate |rords, relative to the Rev. AL H. Parkinson's Career, . and the hon- rablo position lie.now held in the Wesleyan body, presented 'the latter gentleman ?witli a mallet and a eilver trowel, aud ^at the ? s:uue time- requested iiim to officiate in the: laying of tbp stone. Mr. PiEKrKSOH accordingly performed tbe duty, and at tho completion declared the stone to be truly -laid in the name of the Father, Son,, aud Holy Ghost. A second hymif7' followed, when Mr. Dues bury intimated' that a collection 1 would be made, and that asitwaB impossible for oil to. place tboir donations on the stone, the difficulty' would be obyiatod bjy'lhe passing round of hals, the cusfcomaiy plates be imagined, being too shallow to hold aU tho contributions. Mr. SOUTHEBDEN, as Treasurer, tpokc'iargc of Ihc icollections', . and cvrtHaaHy finnoubrcl that they amounted io £68 12s,, which an nouncement 'was received* with -evident satis faction. The Rev. Mi- PARKINSON J-hep, gave an ex ci'llctit fcddijSsg, 5ink VlUchJ 9iei congratulated Maryborough, the Wesleyj.ns within its bound ary, and the people .generally, on the occasion which had caused the assembly .that afteruoon. In looking ground bim, he .saw many signs of prosperity everywhere ; V?f ^commercial . pros- ' pcriiy in the ripbl6 structures which ^lad risen 1 np in various parts of the town, including tho « in connection 'with'tbe educational System, He liad notice'd that chdrcbcs outside the Wesleyan body !iad come tdthc front', imil it gave bim p'eaRurc to see such buildings as those of the Chut'cbpf^iOfcilandand thePibsbytenahjCiiurch. Judging by the dilapidated condition of, the of tlic old Wesleyan Church on the other .side of the street, ta£hougbt it quite tin?? that body providcdjiUelf'vfilhaDCVVonc. 'Ihc oldchurch h id served its. purposes, but was Jiot uow.vp to - the requiremcpis V6t thb district,' Hi felt he could do no tttber lhan' congraiul itc the Wosleyans on havingliithcrto done their own work without foreign 'or oubide help ; indeed, it was a matter forTejoicing, as thu influence of such an example' was' bound to' gu forth and h a ve; a 1 gdod off cct. admitted ihc iwwer of secular in^Bdtionsi but maihthlned 'that this power should be leavoned by -fheiriflucncc of church, and -rejoiced thnt all the churches were built -Qn^opS/fonndbtion, - eternal1' fend sure. With a few more ..remark*, pointing out tbe n -ccssity of spiritual as well as material fm p'ovemcnt,'Mr. Parkinson brought bis ^dresa, which throughput was deeply impressive, and was listened io^withi.Jireatlilcss attention, to a close, . :? -i ° The Bev. F. Doesbuby thereupon announced that the siugipg.of another, hymn,, to be fol lowed ;by thejdoxology nnd the benediction, wiinld lormioatc jtbis part of the proceedings, bul au a journmcnt would be made to the 7'etn perunce Hall, whpre he hoped the good cheer would induoc n numerous attendance. THE TEA MEgTn?Gv' /! ' Successful as the ceremony of laying the cornor stone of the. ;new . building was, the tea meeting foBowingf though hot such a notable event',' was equally satisfactory in Its way. Ii is estimated that rather more than 30l) pat down to the social 'board, an^ ^s the supply of coiios tibk's was unlimited, it is ouly necessary to s-iy that .full justice .doneJo,tb jD, and t:iat while they were 'b-ing*disciisscfl thorough enjoyment was the order of the.day, . l-MiHBlirxkE MEBTlSCi/ I ^ This took place in tho old church building, t^e sKcndnnce being -as large as could com* f Jitably be 6cn\ed. \ After the Spustbuiury hyran, t ie Mayor .(Mr. C. Powers) was called to ihe chair, in accepting .fvbich he czprcss^a^.is pleasure at p esiding in bis official capacity on such an occasion. , ' At. the reijuest of .' tbe . Chairman,., 'Mr. S nthomen read the statement of the building account, as follows : Ecceiplsin subscriptions, »1H(J3, of wjiicji £1110 17s. had already been PjM in, leaving £752 3s. fco be ?collected ; in adnirion**trthi6'£58n2p. ha^ ti:m' iificrnobii beui collected, .bringine the total up to «192l 12s. Heexplhiucil thatalu-ge propoitlon uf the money was collected nearly -2 years Ago, but that tbe Committee ia oonaiderfttloa of other churches being built about that time, had deemed it advisable to jiefer taking action on tho parfcrof their own body urifcil^tho present time, and ho was of opinion that that tbo band some structure tbey'had'now commenced ppon, amply 'compensated them for tbe delay. Beforo i their building was finished lio expected tho ex- 1 ponditurp would be eomeUiing like £1000. I The contract price was £2600. This bad been somewhat curtailed, but Ihoro woro other' 1 expenses, and amongst thorn the removing ol the old church to the now alldtiAcnt, where it would Vi bo . ..useful .for a Sunday.^School. ? jli^bthcr . itom. was thb pur-i eiiaso of an or-ati. . Ho pointed out that Mary- ' borough had hitherto enjoyed the peculiarity of opening Jigr new,, churches. frco from debt, and ' he thought in ,this respect the W-esleyanB stood I out well. -Roughly spoaking be -iiiigbt say there j iWas ^2000, ji? hand towards their .new church, and he Jboped tho £j800Q ? required would all bo subscribed before it was opened. On the whole ho considered their position highly satisfactory. In accordance with the programme, Mr/ Power here gave on addross, congratulating the congregation upon the statements their trea surer hadljust made; Jorhis pattjtbe had no doubt -ihe £2000 wanted would .bo readily' obtained; It appcarod in thb district to be the custom for nil. the churches to unite in aesisting. ono another to put up new buildings; be had, noticed- that the Presbyterian and English. Churches had been assisted by dona'iona from - 'members of all denominations, and he had no doubt they would in like manner come forward to athe assistance of' the Wes leyans in their undertakings. Ho reviewed the progress of tbo various Churclios within tbo time of Jiis 'recollection of .Maryborough, and concluded by expressing his conviction tbat the building Committee had dono wisely in going' in for a larger Church than was at first in tended. ' ' ' Instructive addresses were subsequently given by the Revs. Spencc, Parkinson, and Ducsbury,1 arid in the intervals between theso several | antucms were sung in excellent stylo by tbe I choir. , Votes of tbauks woro accorded to those who had taken active part in the proceedings of tho cvoning, tho wliolo being tben concluded with the doxology and benediction*. . 