thk he so i go advertiser (ITULlSHiCD JJAILY.) 1'IiOOKESaION, OUiL Illar.T3, AND 01711 ItE.-iOU.lCE3. SANDHURST, MONDAY, JULY 23, 1&S3; Ax UxroL'SDKD Rumok.—It was rumored last night that a boy named Whitburne, residing at Golden-square, had died from iujui-ies he received in a quarrel with two other lads; and, further, that tho two boys who were said to hays inflicted the injuries had been placed under arrest. Senior constable Barry, whoso ears the rumor had reached, immediately proceeded to Golden .square, and, iu company with Senior-constable Sheridan, \vlio had veccived lio information <>f tho affair, instituted inquiries as to the truth of the statement. It was elicited that there was only the slightest foundation for the rumor, which was greatly exonerated. It appears that the boy Whitburne, who resides off the Bullocl: Creek road, was returning from Sandhurst on Friday evening with two other lads named respectively Cook and Shaw, when they had a quarrel. Whitburne, who is said to be subject to fits, was seized hold of by either Cook or Shaw, and iinnie mediately afterwards went into a fit. He was curried into a shop near by, and Dr. Penfold was sent for. He found tho boy suffering from the effects of tho fit, and advised his removal to the hospital, but the lad refused to go, and was then taken to his home. Siuee theu he has almost recovered. Gold, Calls and Dividends.—The gold re turns 011 Saturday were fair for the "off " week, amounting to about 2,500 ozs, Tho Bruhn's Trib. and the Sadowa were the chief-contributor. Tho amalgam yields wero, upon tho whole, good, and promise well for next week. Three dividends were declared, amounting to £2,350, and the calls mado during the week amounted to £2,125. Action fqu Heavy Damages.—An action was commenced in tho Court of Assize on Saturday, in which a man named William Hull claims £3,000 damages from Mr. D. Leslie, who was the con tractor for the construction of the Kovong Yale to Boort railway lino, for injuries received through being run over by a locomotive belonging to the defendant. On tho 11th of January this year, the plaintiff, who was engaged as a laborer by the defendant, was with some other men engaged iu pushing a trolly, when the contractor's engine, which is alleged to have been driven by a boy named Wren, sixteen years of age, and who, it is contended, is not competent to have charge of a locomotive, came up behind the plaintiff and the other men who were pushing the trolly, the tender of the engine going over tho plaintiff, who was caught by the firebox attached to tho engino, causing severe injury to his spino. Medical testimony and the evidence for the plaintiff having been taken, the further hearing of the action • was adiourned until to-dav. Another Jockey Killed.—Our Melbourne correspondent writes:—At the races which took place at the li'lemington oil Satur day afternoon a fatal accident occurred in the Grand National Steoplechase, the unfortunate victim being Archibald M'Innis, a well-known jockey, who in that event rode Chrysalis, belonging to Mr. H, Chifney.; The animal, in taking a fence, cams down heavily, rulting over her rider and crushing his chest so fearfully that death ensued a few minutes. after wards. As the visitors to the races were leaving the course on the way to the train, they wore asked by Dr. h. L. Smith to drop a trifle for the poor man's relations in an opera-glass case which he held in his hand, and I am happy to be able to say that the appeal was liberally responded to, and a substantial sum thus collected. Kunz v. The Shire of Mount Alexander.— To show the want of business tact and knowledge of their legal liabilities entertained by members of public bodies, we understand that in this case the plaintiff before action, being averse to litigation, was willing to accept a small sum barely sufficient to cover his loss of time in full satisfaction, but the shire councillors repudiated any liability, and declined to pay anything; the consequence now being that the ratepayers have a verdict against them for £183 lfis. damages, and besides paying the taxed costs of the plaintiff, will have to pay their own, all of which sums cannot amount to less than about £400 or £500, and that for a mat ter which might have been judiciously arranged for about £50 in the first instance, and without offering to others similarly injured a knowledge of their rights or an encouragement to enforce them. Action Against the Bank of Victoria.—We understand that Messrs. Brown and Ellison, on behalf of Mr. Jolm Mathieson, of Eaglehawk, have issued a writ against the Hank of Victoria for £2,000 damages, by reason of the refusal of the bank to deliver to him a number of valuable mining shares extracted from his parcel of securities, it is supposed by the late tnanages at Eaglehawk without Mathieson's consent. It is believed that other actions will shortly follow, as there appears to be a great deal of dissatisfaction at the conduct of the bank authorities in the matter. Bkndigo Miners' Association.—The usual committee meeting of this association was held on Friday evening. Present—Messrs. Sneddon, H. G." Williams, P. S. Williams, AY. Williams, George, Deeble, Teague, Lindsay, May, Harvey, and the secretary. Correspondence was received from tlieM ining department, stating that a list of mining leases could not be supplied for the use of the office. A list was applied for a short time since, and it had been sent to the Warden's office to be inspected by the secretary. Application had again been made for a list. The committee could not understand why the list should be sent to the Warden's offico after being applied for by the association. The secretary was instructed to make application again, also to write to our Parliamentary representatives. From Tarnagulla and Sebastian, forwarding ballot papers. 1 rqm the secretary of the Engine-drivers' Association, asking this branch to communicate with the Crcswick branch e the dispute with engine drivers there. It was resolved that no action be taken in the matter, the Sandhurst committee feeling perfectly satisfied that the Creswick branch are fully competent to manage their own affairs. Copies of the balance-sheet and report were sub mitted, and business of a routine character having been disposed of, the meeting adjourned. Death From Aneurism. - On Saturday Mr. Strickland held an inquest at Mr. Bowman's resi- dence, Bullock Creek Road, on the body of a woman named Sarah Hill, who died on Friday morning. Lucy Bowman deposed that the deceased was her mother, and 73 years of age. She had resided with the witness for the past four or five years. A year ago she became so feeble from general debility that she had to take to her bed. Dr. O'Donnell attended her, but he had not seen her for the past twelve months. Between seven and eight o'clock on Friday morning wit- ness's daughter, who is 15 years of age, took a cup of tea into Mrs. Hill's room and found that she had expired. The deceased had the best of atten- tion, excepting of late that she had no medical aid. Had witness thought her likely to die she would have sent for he doctor. Alice Bowman, daughter of the previous witness, deposed that she saw her grandmother alive on the previous night. She was then very cheerful. Dr. O'Donnell deposed that on post-mortem examination of the body he found it much emaciated. The lungs were extensively diseased. The heart's outer covering was filled with coagulated blood, which had escaped from an aneurismal tumor of the aorta, which had caused death. No medical aid would have been of any avail. A verdict was returned in accordance with tho above testimony. Eaglkhawk Rowing Club.—On Friday evening a committee meeting of the Kaglehawk Rowing Club was held. Mr. J. J. Hall occupied tho chair, and there was a very largo attendance. The minutes of tho previous meeting were read and confirmed. A letter was received from tlie Mayor (Mr. Kneebone), acknowledging receipt of the club's letter in reference to holding the meetings in the Town Hall, and stating that the committee were welcome to the hall as far as he was con cerned. A communication was also received from Messrs. Edwards and Son, boatbuilders, Mel bourne, stating tint tho boat, desired by the club would be reserved until the boat-houses were completed. Mr. Loudon .reported having called on tlie various members in company with Mr. G. Brown, for subscriptions, and received payment from 14 persons, making a total of -13. The meet ing then terminated with a vote of thanks to the chairman. The O'Keefe Inquiry.—This board resumed its sitting at the Warden's Court on Saturday, when Br. Quick addressed the magistrates at some length on Mr. O'Keefe's behalf. Mr. O'Keefe was then called, and was subjected to a long examina tion. Mr. Kirby commenced cross-examining the witness shortly before one o'clock, when the board decided to adjourn until this morning. A Sdcckssful Surgical Operation-.—A suc cessful operation on tho part of Dr. Colquhuon, of the Bendigo Hospital, has been reported. It appears that a lad named Thomas Oonolan, son of Mr. John Conolan, of Back Creek, had suffered for tho last six yoavs with hip disease. Ho had been attended to by evory doctor in Sandhurst, and nothing could be done for him. However, in July last year Dr, Colquhoun took the case in hand, and performed an operation by removing some of the bones. The lad, who js 1(> years of age, was at the time almost on the point of death, but in Dr. Colquhoun's able hands lie recovered. He is now well, and able to walk about, apparently being in no pain. The father of the lad and the relatives of tho boy are very grateful to Dr. Colquhoun, and requests through our columns to publicly thank 'that gontleman, and also the warders in tho Beudico Hospital. Meeting of Rajxway Cartehs.—A meeting of persons interested 111 supplying wood to the miners per the railway was held at Uromann's Hotel, on Saturday night, there being about thirty persons present; Mr. L. Ohiin was voted to the chair, and explained the purpose for which the meeting was called. He stated that in some cases the wood has to be carted to the railway station five miles, and is very often allowed to stand loaded in the trucks four or five days before it is sent to its destination; also that the time allowed by the department for unloading at present is too short, being only two hours. Ho said that unless tlioso and a number of other grievances were tenioved, they would have to raiso the price of firewood. Mr. M'Inerny moved, and Mr. Rovadeti seconded, that the secretary write to the Minister of Rail ways with a view of having those grievances removed. It was decided that the next meeting bo held on tho'1'Hh August. Aftor a vote of thanks to the chairman, the meeting closed. Death from Disease of the Lungs. - A man named Robert Waddington died suddenly yester- day morning at his residence on the Melbourne Road, near the Cherry Tree Hotel. He was about 51 years of age. Mr. Strickland held an inquest on the body yesterday afternoon. Edward Young, a butcher, deposed that on Thursday last he had been engaged by the deceased to look after him and his cattle. The deceased was in bad health, evidently suffering from consumption. He had six acres of garden ground, with dwelling-house and stable. Witness took him into Sandhurst on Friday, when he purchased medicines from Mr. Smith, the chemist. On the journey to and from Sandhurst, the deceased was obliged to lie down in the bottom of the conveyance. On Saturday night he complained of cold in the extremities. Witness attended him during the night. Last saw him alive about midnight, and heard him about 3 or 4 o'clock on Sunday morning. At six o'clock witness found that he was quite dead. Witness knew nothing about deceased, but had been told that he was formerly engaged in mining at Eaglehawk and that he had property and milling interests of value at the time of his death. Dr. O'Donnell deposed that he had made a post mortem examination of the deceased. The body was much emaciated, and the cause of death was exhaustion consequent on tubercular disease of the lungs. A verdict in accordance with this testi- ment was returned. "UAQj,K;iA\yK 'Bokocgh Election.-'Mr. John Green announces tfjat Ije jvlll lie a-candidate for the council at the forthcorjtiiVf eiectipj),' ' •" A Shire Council Mulct in Damages.— At the Court of Assize on Saturday, before Judge Hoi i oyd and a special- jury of six, an action brought I iy a man named i\ W. ICurz, a miner, residing at Green Gully, near Castlemaine, againsttheUnited Shire of Mount .Alexander, for ±1500 damages for injuries received by his falling iiito an unprotected culvert, came on for hearing. It appeared that on Uie 23i'd of November, 1(5 SI, while the plaintiff was returning from Castlemaine along the Camp bell's Creek road, he fell into a culvert three feet in depth, and broke his leg. It was shown that the culvert was not sufficiently protected, and the jury returned a verdict for the plaintiff with £183 1.6s. damages, £13 of which was ordered to be paid to the Castlemaine Hospital, in which institution ( he plaintiff remained for thirteen weeks after the accident. Victoria Racing Club.—The Winter Steeple chase meeting of the above club took place on Saturday. The following are the results of the sovoral events:—Maiden Hurdle Race—The Joker, 1; Belle Brandon, 2; Ontario, 3. Maiden Steeple chase—Shamrock, 1 ; Speculator, 2; Hope, 3. Grand National Hurdle—Dizzy, 1; Rhesus, 2; Basilisk, 3. Grand National Stecplecliaso— Blackthorn, 1; Sailor, 2; Black Jacket, 3. Selling Hurdle Race—Wild Harry, 1; Stormbird, 2; Black Prince, 3. Flat Race—Virago, 1; Bonnie Bee, 2; The Ghost, 3. Football. — On Saturday numerous football matches were played, for the reports of which we are unable to find room. At Back Creek the Hotham played the Sandhurst Association team, and the latter were defeated, the visitors obtaining throe goals and 10 behinds to the Association's 13 behind0. After the match the Hotham team were entertained at the Metropolitan Hotel. The Association second twenty played the Hotham second twenty in Canterbury Park, Eaglehawk, the Association team winning easily, securing one goal and eight behinds to Hothain's two behinds. The Essendon ; East Melbourne on Saturday afternoon, and the match resulted (says our Melbourne correspondent) in a victory for Essendon by 4 goals and 13 be hinds to 3 goals and 7 behinds. The only other match of interest was that played at South Mel bourne between Melbourne and the lpcal team. The Souths were badly beaten, for they conld only muster 7 behinds against 3 goals and 10 behinds. Coubt of Assize.—Our report of tho proceed ings at the Court of Assize on Satnrday is held over for want of space. Eaglehawk Police Court.—Tha mayor and Messrs Mouat and W. Gunn (mayor of Ray wood) presided on Saturday, and fined a youth named John Dowsey 2a Gd with 2 s Od coats for riding a bicycle along a footpath at California Cully. John M'lvneese was charged with neglecting to register the birth of his child, which was ten months old. As the defendant was ignorant of the law, he was fined 2s. Gd. with 2s. Gd. costs. Albert Gooch wa3 fined os., witli 2s. Gd. costs, for cutting timber without a license. A case against John White, for •having dead timber in his possession, was with drawn, with a view of a fresh summons being issued. A debt case was disposed of, and the court adjourned. Bendigo Agricultural Society.—A special general meeting of the committee was held at the Beehive on Saturday, when there were present— The president (Mr. Sterry), and Messrs. Stamp, Sternberg, Wharton, Smith, Cohn, Wallis, Fox, Trumble, Gadd, Bruhn, Craike, W. Delbridge, and Watson. The prize-list was read and adopted. The sum of £G67 10s. was allotted in prizes for the forthcoming spring show, which it was resolved to hold on the 24th and 25th of October. Sub-com mittees were formed to frame a prize-list and canvas the town for donations. The meeting then terminated. St. Peter's Church Bazaar.—The bazaar in connection with the Eaglehawk St. Peter's Church still continues successfully in the Town Hall. On Saturday evening there was a very large atten dance, and the various young ladies presiding at the stalls succeeded in disposing of a largo quantity of articles. During the evening an impromptu entertainment was held, when' songs were given in a very satisfactory manner by a number of local amateurs. Miss L. Holtzman again kindly gave a ventriloquisal entertainment, and the per formance was much appreciated by the audience. Miss Anderson presided at the piano in a highly complimentary manner, and greatly contributed towards the evening's enjoyment. The bazaar will bo concluded this ovening by an art union. It is expected that the the proceeds of the bazaar will amount in the aggregate to about £200. New. Insolvent. — William Newcombe, of Golden Guily, Sandhurst, miner. Liabilities, 157 lGs. 7d.; assets, £1; deficiency, £5G IGs. 7d. Causes Want of remunerative employment, and sickness of self and family. Attorneys, Messrs. Bennett, Attenborongli. Wilks, and Connelly. Meeting undor section 53, Wednesday, 1st August, at 11.30 a.m. JUiAGLEHAWK -UNGINE-DRIVEIIS' ASSOCIATION.— The usual fortnightly meeting of the above associa tion was held on Saturday evening. There was a good attendance. The secretary was instructed to write to the members for Mandiirang requesting them to urge the Government to push on the Amended Mining Accidents Bill, and that tho members for theProvince in the Legislative Council be also requested to urge the representative of the Government in the tipper House to assist in the same matter. Two new members wore elected, and three nominated, and tho meeting closed. Accident.—On Saturday afternoon a spring cart belonging to Messrs. Kloss and Leunig. of Pall Mall, was standing in Bull-street, wheu the horse took fright and bolted, breaking a strong strap with which the wheel was tied. The cart belonging to Mr. Roberts, butcher, White Hills, was standing near Bailcs' Hotel, and the horse which was bolting caused he horse in Roberts' cart to swerve round against a buggy belonging to Mra. Brealey, who brings farm produce from Ellesm'ero to the city. The consequence was that the axle of Mrs. Brealey's buggy was . broken in the wheel. There was no one in the buggy at the time. Tho horse which bolted in the first placo was secured, and no further damage done. Larceny.—Two boys named Ernest Hansen and Maurice Saunders, each twelve years of age, were arrested by Constable Meade last evening, on a charge of having stolon some carpenter's tools from thepremises undergoing renovation at the corner of Hargreaves-street and Williamson-street. The boys abstracted the tools through the bars, which at present occupy the placo of windows. Mr. W. Redmond's Lecture.—Mr. William Redmond, M.P., will arrive in Sandhurst at 20 minutes past four this afternoon. As already announced, he will deliver a, lecture at eight o'clock in St. Kilian's Hall in aid of tho Convent. It is confidently expected that a large audience will bo present to hoar the eloquent lecturer. Concert at Strathfckldsaye.—A concert will be held at the Shire Hall, Strathfieldsaye, on Wednesday evening next, in aid,of the Church of England there. Miss Elvina Holtzraan's celebrated ventriloquial entertainment is included in tho programme, which is an excellent one. Complimentary Benefit.—A large number of admirers of Mrs. Russell's musical abilities, desirous of testifying to that lady's willingness in giving her gratuitous services in the numerous causes of charity during the last six years, have decided to mark their appreciation of her disin terested efforts by tendering her a complimentary benefit. For the purpose of arranging for tho bonefit, a meeting of gentlemen was held on Satur day evening, and it wa3 resolved to take immediate steps to carry out that object at an early date. A draft of a splendid programme was drawn up, and as nearly all tho musical and dramatic amateurs of Sandhurst have signified their willingness to assist, no doubt an excellent entertainment will be provided. The Gueswiok Disaster.—It is said that the legal manager of the Australasian Company at Creswiclc has been sorvod with a writ for £1,000 damages by the widowed mother of one of the unfortunate miners who met his death in the mine. Tlio action will (says tho World) seriously affect the price of the stock. The Weathrii on Saturday was very fine. Yesterday was cloudy during the day, arid there was a fall of rain lato in tho after noon. On Saturday the thermometer regis tered at Messrs. Joseph and Co's., tall Mall, as follows:—9 a.m., -II3; 12 a.m., 61'; 3 p.m., OS0; 0 p.m., 53'; maximum, 01°; mini mum, 30°. Barometer—0 a.m., 29*000; 0 p.m.. 29-590. The Charge ov Heresy at Sydney. — The Sydney correspondent of the Aye reportsA special district meeting ot ministers of the Wes loyan Church, Sydney district, called to consider the charges against the Rev. John Osborno, was opened in Yorlc-street Church on Tuesday morning. The president of the conference presided. One of the ministers proposed that the doors should be thrown open to the public, but this was not seconded. The jn-esident stated that the object of the meeting was to consider tho charges of hetero doxy against Mr. Osborne, and more especially his opinions publicly stated in reference to the Koman Catholics in a sermon delivered in April last. At this slage,' Mr. Osborno protested against the meeting being being hold, first on the grounds that it was illegally convened, and had been illegally summoned; and secondly that ho ought to have re ceived a complaint in writing, setting forth the charge and tho name of his accuser or accusers before a meeting was called to examine into the charge. A long discussion followed as to the legality of the proceedings. 