'HAWK'S-JiESL' I j ? Is Fccz Ceafssss. I (Wszrrrs 33; Xte Wbselx TVtt | Br s Arsx/ I HL ! t A acsfe west by, ana Tees "SaMsve I andMsIrifcari wgfefriaBCfefflaEKlai?M»hiaay. I The fanrvgr had Lve tfeib bast' mter m tzae pegssy zecrest, am Harry, as a fexag he «fr»s$g»v EiSCT cfcyy tferqf jW nays, took sp is aocos as fee Fiac hooel. fayroei fee Ikseeaaa. TSretS' I® BO knOWlBS. how fawag. T mar stay h Xe Eeasaae, he rnaa. I mve £ ; a tesriess Baheesa sli say days, fc.na| fe®. fare mj iri & dfinfe to igcy dawn to a hnima sort of ezxsmneL9 Why not pezehsae a 1 it rout Mxrne,' scegestea IChi Pnte VSSAm. Iowa. 4 By year own r'- - HffMiann ia fee past bar not haencMmrrirmm. ' nmiH Umr Beet, »?d> t ayttw Thy ware ia fee peden tocesMr, 25»l fte cool of fee October emMm. ®mtejdrie twrirrf fe dreamy, gaed- j fetft''tliaS!3r "ynn '\mfarfma ef eontearat sb bos nmai. <t i . - ._ . .. 1'- emr or m wranc sne xemg Moon btet m naf gBoahte m fey nndeiOmnar. ' -mfe Kgood ' IJNrla tifar item yen. it -m |s3giim weary nni wmtn wife can hof apfeemam a home. Wfet a» am a.Kyrar mi «y ImyhrinKbot gadei lots fee Lta ef yiliiig te her in oraaS wmttaTT eonsaaafenv het feaf wranet ctre ? !ffis tmSStm telaffete fee preM I Ifim wra an ampi timm n wiaca ante fw.' I Beat pate wife sappteMed | fwfftefeve, whom eyes lad "tees Mm |tqpgei Qmm wait a wsiekfsi letesmt, wmt \ Rei lag yy and pnapemii. a mroiL \ We cnigfat ra ac- fm m fee RBEaail of tf 'hemei. Ithmray ymrsriS . £ wva at fee- M ievecs9 oes&. ' Oh, yw; very masy jeatE, broth® : added lire old nrii 4 Tire os aeeni to ne Ekea esmk h mere tbfngs "lesweg am S®v«e go, fevm fee rests kaeos t-ngrg fr» eoezJ" 'Beswe, Persia : erred fee sferdy oM friSow, wife a tasagh. Ton have ix|ucr«d wp.ni the aid asms. Tberwm& tefeetepof feeiS£gsijr<dL Eazry kamg qy gym'a rite, foBowin Ib cocopeny wife fee Ma her brother.. The eeening was wril ntq ssaeb a ramble, lac, as fee iajhehs aad Cd owscf fee fey, fee iaM mm iecsaefe esreen xb liea cf h, so feat it twfLsfes atM to fee Mtsae party Tom WMeteve Oarer lay cm fee tari .yyi Myia — Hszit fS£ LllFlfl thm ll ! il nT w 1 I —M ? — ZZ. IUM lilT VK. aj rasjij ?. appasrea xncfeaca to talk, -aawe sjiaiBer who, to and fro Ifee a rencsnri csa y | Mgfi waseb -tnwer, gawif# twt . ca the aivaBSaaee and dreadvamaga cf fee falitBg dew. Afaer feat, it hsaaase esse t aahets' aaffsrng wife feem. Kow m tSy. j a tew sparks of feaswscemmfe,Ms > vras mom ia fawpeg. Is was only wires feg .. began the retain joooej hpesmira sr? | toaee wree -7T=d ' » /I Eke /las jcvbts" —ti/ r mets t a rorvuH'inii'iiw feas emprimd evsrraxV. i is is fee preaaemipot qa earth. Tbe riew ! te — te zaaacaoste. I sowSi ani grama as some t w« 1 save BfiiLr kip - soad Yco. ISdsMBove. t - So, gas ciraer; am meSmjj lnr , the it fcnTweit Eksty. 1 wwc. nevec'fe a ics seas I aha m w«S. The Baie good fees is a are was :HBoly moajaoss m 1ms ; tame to-Eesi. " s Ana l feSt happy, sac,T mad M vza. 1 1 Mm | ccr j"te so last.7 'eriBctraskraEjsfrT.masiT. i aae"t know/ Myre tefjBea ; 'am n i are toss, no jsy in 'Tug wiy fc fasHae.' j 6 If we do fet isar cer joy, othocs de is he as. ssserposEB Oscar. TSay mi net anewer Mm, aai he mad ae qode. He ofeax talked gaSy fee way ISany Ifdare tack a great furey so feet tes Jthiii'-iirn Smsrinng fcr a ntrwg, twy "BBEBHIIgF fflRKIMERKew s— I tz z | 1 wwsacoierea tsas If reyraepcEBee wra neeerazy to isaaA kit jay cngipfffe and so it danrad wpm s&n; tes he has grasa taf his MmSi, pwEwrijipBina I SO Myin, and rims izom . , g: I comi not hope to Ewe btopfd|f- wtehom w j It mm a great orsooverv, a reoe aooa I itfcSasaoeL ana .it anaSed Mss, iar be iris Efece If® Wfideaove was as |k%h — hofe soemLy end pem»iii-to ra feehearece are aiame fee His find gif«ihwE was ss waqn away s J- ®®ra® wnt- cf-theway comer cd fee even see fci— «tf gg. acen cw anawhqiire ten argiiaa on fee vcyage. he eramgra tee moi as saodeafy m te ted reevaixasT msofved. _ 4 Way feodi I renswaTf he arid. 4 Tir re not the act of a man, si cariy Hvg lesvag ter open to fee werryxpg of fete evaad ia Beet, who arena as wascMal ami as www led as one gc T« amm- tors.1 The mrirr faawm ihsie m ineua i J- !anw j |ttarxy ten feat Oosar teawi ham, ani bai jfepremntel no mom eaetrsi owes '"ifb tu. than the fsxmm, ihere wctei mve I hem war so fee kerie. I AsPotigh Oseac wra jralisii aad aaerr st ' f pimse Myr took an fee reeaety cf be |maL, wee te tea pressy sore «f W Ee | mgyri&=g atewntent vanay horn Ms sareter, I as w©2 as OEsatoy cf parson ; x.y te esLiai re :ndmtteameytep5yj«zsSaai£« aomt ateaa togtter, act so teri »c»i» feaa My lowed fej» ' _ He bfcWainwi. hasssrif lac see iavfeac y-j; fee faetenh te hetere fee ami te of fear tetter and. hie Izaesd. tei te zesoLved to as ? 1?e oapasEssity wsife araraa Ls fee greaaams, te &»»«» aoee atemone to Mja — jsm m epporiaae a has rival, who hreaaK gfjiitu and fey ia fee peeseaee of Tom WHateves The .hfiiiiiitujr aad net notiiw1- ite is r. fee ssaBBer of hm ywsmr crasss. k- her I Uwte a Be .knew aoegeshteg- cf mm I aan fee world, and he tesmireetott fee I motives -of fee g»y as he saw- dsacy the josgactof fee ofea. Be dm set iateraBee, | | however. I tOpywfrin«%% he aaiA 4wmii te tereL " \- Myea te a »i E 1. say what I -«» v :«nn tote fee troth abate fete Chear Bret, | ! fe tendghtway Ia3 ia lews with bat' Ptedmnc fee «di man wra right,, Bss. was hym reaiy wad tn% ia ieve wife her oil ihgnttf! Wefea&oBS.; Oeo&c; Bret bad not long to wore lor fee- go bis - remm. Oaaemtaindtey.kEc. Wteirieveani | \- fiaay mi oca iar a fey e deep cat || mjmwmara raw acomamm soma, era as m fee bat annMHMl. haromat was wtttniiari wife jhlijrigk'in? j e nail j and fhmmft and saw his gaze liked %pofPlifa! with ' an 1 expression ebe had bever n bfef ore. Bhb | sfirank from it,fhoagh,wuhan idea: of its meaning dawning on her. Not happy?' ehe repeated. I No,' he responded, drawing closer to her. ' Myra — dear Myra— I want to aek yon to recall something to your mind. Do you remember that day when you and I sat upon the " lovers' seat" watching the smoke of the steamer that brought your father home V ' Assuredly I do, Oscar. It is but a very short time ago.' j ' Oan you recall anything I said that day ?' I I dare say I could. We talked of many things. But I want you to recall something very particular.' Myra bent down her head thoughtfully and briefly meditated on the subject, but nothing came of it. , 1 am sorry, Oscar,' she said, 1 oannot recall anything very particular. It is very unkind of me, no doubt, but you must remember what an exciting day it was.' True, Myra. Well, I will recall the sub ject. I asked if you would be sorry if I went away from New Zealand.' Ob, I remember that, Oscar ; but you were jesting,' she answered, smiling. ' Perhaps. But, Myra, can ybu not guess the object of the question ?' Again Myra reflected, but reflection did not aid her at all. He was getting angry now, for he felt he had already got his j answer. Nevertheless, he stemmed the I torrent of his wrath, and pressed his suit. j ( Myra,' he said, I am going to eay to-day j what I ought to have said then. We have been schoolfellows — have grown up woman and man together, and you have %o become part and parcel of myself that I ' < Oscar — you must pardon me, but I think I hear my aunt's voice,' she cried hurriedly. ' Nay, you cannot go until you have heard j me,' he answered, barring the way. ' No, no. You had better not speak,' she said iu a tone of distress. I am not sure I understand, but if I do I should be very sorry to ' Sorry, Myra ! Would you be sorry to learn that I love you?' No, not with the old love.' What old love ? Mine has been the same throughout all these years.' I mean brotherly love, Oscar.' His great black eyes flashed out at her. ( Myra, mine is not a brotherly love, it is something deeper, better than that.' No, no, Oscar.' But I say yes, yes, he cried, vehemently. It is the love that binds men and women together tor time, ana as some oeiieve, i through eternity. I ask you, Myra, to be I my wife. j She covered her face with her hands for a moment without replying. Then she looked I up at him, and the tears were in her eyes. j ' I have never thought of you in that way, | Oscar, nor ever could,' she said. My love I for you has been 6isterly from the first, and | will ever remain so. The discovery I have 1 made has inexpressibly pained me. I wish j from my heart you had not uttered what you have.' Perhaps if I had spoken two months ago it would have been different ?' His voice was hard and cold sow. All the j Maori in him was uppermost. ' What has two months ago to do with it, Oscar ? It would have been the eame then as now.' I do not believe it.' Osc— Mr. Bent I I repeat, I do not believe it,' he cried, Bt&mping; his foot. It was a deliberate insult to her, and she drew herself proudly up and signed for him to stand out of her path. ' I oannot talk further with you now,' she said. Myra — Miss Wildelove, hear me ' « No more, sir. You are offended ?' ' It is a direct insult to doubt the truth of what I say. If you axe a gentleman you will | stand aside.' c One moment. If Harry M&ydale; had not i come, then ' He stopped short, for the hjtherto meek and gentle Myra became suddenly transformed into an outraged woman. ( How dare you ?' she cried, her blue eyes ablaze with scorn. ' By what right do you pretend to read the secret of my heart- ?' 1 You love the uncouth, ignorant Bohe mian,' sneered Oscar. ' I do not deny that I love a manly, noble fellow, who is utterly incapable of playing the part of a bully, she answered, with withering contempt. Are ybu satisfied now?' And then he let her go. IV. From that time a change came over Oscar Bent. He did not cease his visits to Hawk'E nest or sham any different feeling to Myra, save that he was less attentive than of yore, but more courteous in his demeanour when they met. The change lay in his general mode of action. Hitherto he had been the prince of idlers. Now he became vigorously &ctiv6;« owiuiuiingi ana usomg became bis sole study. An old fisherman, who lived all alone amongst the crags of Mount Tangahiti, and who knew every shoal and rock along the coast, was the young fellow's co&oh; and tutor, and he found in O&o;&r; a willing and apt student. Myra was glad to note the change is him. His present mode of living conveyed this impression to her womanly bouI— a deep and lasting regret for his misconduct ; and not that only, -but his very distraction from bis previous pursuits appeared only as a means whereby he sought to forget his love. If such were the case, Oscar had succeeded to perfection, for the girl readily forgave him and returned to her old way in his company. The change had its effect also upon Myra's father and her friend. By degrees, the preju dice felt by those twain against him melted away. He was so hearty and genial to both that, thinking they had hastily misjudged the man, they were all the more ready to extend the hand of friendship. Meanwhile, Myra and Harry were drawn much together, with the inevitable result. Their hearts had long beaten in sympathy, and their lips could not withhold the secret. He proposed in his honest, straightforward fashion, and was accepted. She loved him, and why should she be prudish and assume a \ t jhe no doub existed ? So she said nest 66 Hawk's- Oeoar Bent was very warm in his congratu lations. He told Myra that he was pleased at her choice in spite of what had happened, and tp Harry he said that of all men in New Zealand, he would have chosen him to marry his « sister Myra.' Harry thanked him, and replied that he would endeavour to make her happy. TTe I purchased a .block of land near the villa, and I gave orders, for the erection of a substantial I dwelling thereon. As Oscar showed some j architectural taste, he was often consulted I about the work going on. H6 gave his advice, j cheerfully, and seemed as anxious about thd j house as if it had been his own. I While ail 'these preparations were going J forward, Oscar and Harry spent much of I their time together in the former's sailing I boat cruising about the rocky coast. Harry 1 was very fond of the water, and Oscar's cutter I was a wonder in the way of boat-building, j It wanted just a week to the all-important J day that was to see Myra and Harry man j and wife, when Oscar and Maydale went out I for a day's sail. I It was a late autumn day, rather cold, with j a chopping wind knocking about the sea. Tom I Wildelove helped them to get the boat ready, | and advised them to keep well in shore, j ' There is no knowing what such a morning I may bring forth in the way of a tzale ere' night,' he said. We are not going far, sir,' answered Oscar. Then turning to Harry, he added, ' If you think there's anything to fear, pray don't go-' Harry laughed. I ve been used to a rough j life, and therefore don't mind rough weather. Besides, you can manage your boat to per fection. No man better. I'll' go bail,' ejaculated Jack God, the. old fisherman, who stood by, smoking a short, black cutty. I They ran the boat down and leaped in. as she shbt into the sea. The square mainsail i and foresail were set with a reef in the former, and Oscar took the helm. I 'I think we will run out by the Tanga j j reef. We shall get less wind there,' he ; I said. I I understood the Tauga rocks were | dangerous, ' replied Harry, j To those who have not studied them, no I doubt they "are,' responded his companion ; 1 but there is no real pleasure without a trifle j of danger to give it zest. I know every foot I of this coast, and oan sail within a pistol 1 shot of the reef. You Bhall see. j As the boat got out into the trough of the short waves he was in mgn spirits, ana ins I manner was more like that of a schoolboy let I loose for a holiday than a man out for an | hour's enjoyment. I 1 You are gay this morning,' Oscar. | Very gay, mon eher. You shall witness | some fine sailing this day if the wind only | holds.' I c It will hold, I think.' j ' I hope so. Besides, I have a surprise in I store for you, Maydale.' I | What is it ?' I f You shall see presently.' I The Tanga rocks lay about two miles and I l a half to the east of the cliff at Eidonbury, 1 and they were worthy of being termed I dangerous. Black in appearance, and fatal I to any vessel, large or small, that chance I might cast in their vicinity, . at high tide I they peeped no more than a few feet above j the waves ; on & calm day, and when the I wind was high, foam alone marked their j whereabouts. \ At low tide they were still surrounded by I water, for they were ugly, razor-backed I masses of stone that had their foundation in the Band fully fifty fathoms down. I On this day, and at the hour the boat I started, the tide was almost at its highest j point, and nothing but foam about them could be seen. As they drew nearer, Harry, who had some little knowledge of seamanship, I saw that the place presented one huge bar of | white curling breakers in front and to right I and left of them, with not so much as the 1 I ghost of a pasB≥ for the boat, which was | i now madly plunging right in amongst them, j I It is madness to attempt a passage there,' j he Bhouted. 4 Put up the helm.' | j You coward, be quiet,' cried his com- 1 j panion, laughing hoarsely. I told you 1 1 j was going to surprise you. So I am.' j Put up your helm, or by the ' 'Do you threaten me, and hcreV I interrupted Oscar, with an oath, his face suddenly assuming the ferocity of a tiger- cat. Harry saw the change, and knew what it meant. He had seen many dangerous men during his wanderings, and he saw that he j had one to deal with now. I I ' Put up the helm,' he cried, as he dashed ; | from his seat in the bow towards his com- | paniou. I Perdition seize you Is yelled the infuriated Oscar. Keep back from me ; the sight of j you is poison to my soul. For months I've I played my gpms and fooled you all. Now you shall drown like a worthless dog as you are. I've brought you to your fate, and -3 > l_ j ««an mavn fat yonuci wulbc-iavrcu van OK uumc uiaj uaevv iv 1 your coming until the trump of doom.' | Before he could utter another word, Harry J threw himself upon him, and a furious j straggle took place for the possession of the | tiller. They were both strong men. One with j a latent devil in him fighting for revenge, I the other battling for his life. Do all he | could, Harry Maydale could not move his I antagonist from his grip of the helm until I gfche frail vessel crashed upon the rocks. I 4 ' Hurrah ! This shall be your wedding J day 1' shrieked Oscar, and the next moment I the sea and the rocks rent the craft to pieces, 1 and both men went down. j They were locked together, as the waves J cast them up again to the surface, and Oscar | being nearest to the sharp jutting reef, I received a cruel blow, which instantly caused | him to release his hold upon his rival. I Harry was a strong swimmer, but he was J half stunned and blinded by the spray. He I felt that the chances of escape were small, but the thought of Myra nerved him to make the effort. How long he fought with the whirling eddies and the seething cauldron into which he had been oast, he never could estimate. A man will fight hard for his life, and especially a man on the eve of being married. After much buffeting, and when his strength was weli-nigh gone, Harry M&ydale; found himseli in smooth water. Evbd here he was tossed and tumbled about like a worthless cork, until suddenly a far-off voice reached his ears. 'Ahoy, mate! This way.' And the exhausted swimmer knew it was the voice of Jack God, the fisherman. ' By-and-by a boat approached, and a rope was cast close to him, which he seized and held. ' I saw your danger, my lad, and put out after ye,' cried the old salt, as he hauled Harry into the smack. ' But, I say, what has become of Mr. Oscar ?' ' Where is he ?' gasped Harry. There was a pause for a moment, and then Jack cried out : ' Ah, there he is, in the whirlpool of the " Tanga." ' Steer for him 1 Fifty pounds if you save him 1' The fisherman steered, but it was too late. Oscar Bent, like his antagonist, was com pletely exhausted. Just at the moment when he lifted his dim gaze to see his hated rival safe in the boat, a huge wave lifted him bodily up and dashed him a mangled corpse on the reef. 'A dangerous man, Harry. You had a narrow squeak for it, boy,' said Torn Wilde love. «T liar! inrlppfi. sir' Raid the von no1 fellow. \- — i 9 o " » doffing his hat with a feeling of reverence and gratitude. The two were walking the little garden path before the villa a week after the tragic event at the Tanga rocks. ' It was wise of you to keep the story to yourself, Harry.' Ay, sir. Better bear it than let Myra i know what was hidden in her old playmate.' ' To be sure, lad. Your wedding will have to be postponed for two or three months. That will be a irial.' Perhaps, sir.' And so it was settled. Only two men in Eidonbury know the secret of that catastrophe at the Tanga reef. END. I 