& HI) cr t i d c r. Wednesday, June 20, 18S3, The colonies of Victoria and New South Wales can now claim to possess railway communication between the capital cities of Mel bourne and Sydney. For some i time past a gap has existed between the two extreme ends of the rail way lines meeting at the Murray i riven This is now laid with the iron, or rather steel, track, and thus passengers and goods can be con veyed with less inconvenience than before. On Thursday last a large number of people availed them selves of the opportunity and met at Albury to celebrate wjaat is termed the “iron wedding” between the two colonies. There was the usual arrangement of haked meats and flowing bowls, and a most uncommon collection of leading representative men and public orators. The readers of the public journals must by this time have been satiated by the reports and comments of what was said and done by the different gentlemen who mounted the wooden forum, thoughtfully prepared for the De mosthenian'visitors. There was but one text for all the gushing speeches: “Federation,” and as each sacrificing patriot stood up and dwelt upon the subject glasses jingled and applause followed. To an unsophisticated visitor, Federa . I-:---bo .a ! who dealt with the question from a common-sense point of view. Mi Berry, however, can claim to have set a good example. Although late in speaking, he availed himself of the opportunity, and placed a veneer of truth over the thick and ill considered layer of eloquence which had fallen from the lips of previous speakers. We congratulate the bon. gentleman upon the position which he took up. His practical ex periences of the Federation cry are not such as to cause him to be very jubilant at the immediate prospect of success. At the Intercolonial Conference held in 1SS0 Mr Berry, who then spoke favorably of the project, was severely replied to by Sir Henry Parkes and other colonial delegates. The leading politicians of the Australian colonies know the difficulties which stand in the waj* of a federal dominion for Australia. The long delayed completion of this little piece of railway will have but very little effect iu advancing the cause so much gushed over by [ the speakers at the banquet. We remember when a similar set of speeches were made at the opening of a Murray bridge at Echuca. The ■ colonies have grown older siuce ' then, and; yet Federation has not advanced, except in the hearts of ' the native born population. The ' Hon. James Service declared that ; the Victorian Government was | determined to deal with the subject, \ to raise it from the misty vision of , Utopia, and place it upon an eminence were men can see it and judge the possibilities of success. This is a hard task for any Govern ment to grapple with. It demands that the people who inhabit Aus tralia shall be educated upon the subject and led to see that the different colonies must throw their petty jealousies to one side. “A house divided against itself,” the scripture declares, can never exist upon a prosperous foundation. Assim'ula tion of fiscal policy is one of the first necessary preliminaries, then the re adjustment of boundaries will arise, and a general spirit of give and take will have to rule in the minds of the generation which will succeed j in federating the different Aus tralian colonies. Had the Albury banqueters desired to test the sincerity of the orators who ad dressed them, it would have been easy to have done so upon the spot. The rivalry which exists between the two border towns of Albury and Wodonga is well known, and in order to preserve the latter from extinction the Victorian Govern ment has had to insist upou special terminal arrangements at both places. The difference of guage necessitates the lines of the two colonies running side by side across the dividing river. A small con : sideratioh in itself, but involving a principle—whether the width of railway track adopted in Vic toria is better than the narrower one of our neighbors. In this' matter the visitors might have found a practical lesson, pourtraying the difficulties which beset the accomplishment of the federal agitators. Even as the Governments of Victoria and New South Wales each believe in the different guages adopted for their railway systems so also the questions of Free-trade and Protection are enthusiastically sup ported upon the opposite banks of the Murray river. Wide as the poles are asunder in matters of political policy each colony has much to do before Australians can achieve the result of the hopes of the federal party. Even in Victoria Free traders—of whom there are a few left—see a prospect of a return to what they believe to be the heaven born and only true fiscal policy, and Federation is to accomplish tins tor them. We give place to none in our honest wish to witness the fulfil ment of the cry, “ Federated Aus tralia.” When this is accomplished a new and powerful nation will arise. Actuated by a common and praiseworthy zeal, the population of this southera laud will then make themselves respected among the old-world -countries. “ Having set their own house in order” and joined in a union typical of future strength, Australians may go forth into the world proud of the land which gave them birth. Those who brave the perils of the deep to visit us, and in voyaging witness the Southern Cross know that it is an evidence of their approaching our shores. So the different stars which form the constellation, long united by the science of astronomy under one group will then be heavenly tokens that what the skies taught, men have availed themselves of. There is much to be done, and it is only by the constant labor of our leading Australians that Federation can be au fait accompli. After- dinner speeches are entertaining, but it requires more than this. Politicians are apt to make long speeches as a cloak for neglecting the welfare of the country. Earnest men can spend years of energy in an effort to bring about Federation, and the sooner the work is simultaneously taken m hand the sooner we may look for success. _ In referring again to the now notorious subject of the Redmond mission little more can be said in its disfavour than has been already penned in some of the able-t editorials that have ever graced the columns of the colonial metropolitan and country press, We will therefore content ourselves in the the present instance by inviting atten tion to both phases of the subject, and to make the matter far more pertinent both are by Irish authorities : the one bristling with malevolence, the other pregnant with the humanest of motives. The first quoted is the primary asser tion in the programme of the Irish National League disclosed at the recent convention in America :— 1\. That the English Government has existed in Ireland not to preserve the lives of the governed, but to destroy them. Entire communities it has wantonly massacred by crated crypts, where age and infancy sought shelter, it has sent its bloody butchers. The sacred persons of venerable priests it has stretched upon the rack or suspended from the gibbet. Puling babes have been impaled on the points of its bayonets because, in their own words, its emissaries “liked that sport.” Its gold has been folded in the hand of the assassin and has rewarded the infamy of the perjured traitor. Its treach erous falsehood has lured patriots to unsus pecting death. As if the sword, the cannon, the torch, the scaffold, the dagger, and the explosive were not enough, it enjoys the unique infamy of being the only Government known to ancient or modem times which has employed famine for the destruction of those from whom it claimed allegiance. Forcibly I robbing the Irish people of the fruits of their own toil, produced by their own labour, it has buried not a hundred, not a thousand, but more than a million of'the Irish race, unshrouded, uncoffined, in the grave of hunger. _ It has mercilessly compelled other millions in compulsory poverty, to seek in alien lands the bread they were entitled to in their own. There is no form of cruelty known to the lowest savage which it has not practised on the Irish people in the name of tho highest civilisation. There is no device of fiendish ingenuity it has not adopted to re duce their numbers. Within two years it has massacred children, and woman’s body has been the victim of its licensed ruffians. There is no species of destructive attack, how evbr insidious or virulent, ancient or modern, rude or scientific, whether directed against life or rnatter, in any portion of the globe, for which its barbarities in Ireland have not fur nished the example. There is no form of re taliation to which despair or madness may re sort for which English cruelty in Ireland is not exclusively responsible. This, gentle reader, is the sort of doc trine for the maintenance and pro mulgation of which you are asked to subscribe to by the Messrs Redmond. So much for the one side. Turn to the other, and read the letter of Mr Sullivan, one of Redmond’s parlia mentary confreres, to the Irish in America :•— While those men on your side of the water, who publish such schemes arc only thinking of how to “ frighten John Bull,” or to “put Sir W. Harcourt in a rage,” as some of them declared to me last autumn, they are not frightening Enland a bit, but they are doing horrible injury to Irishmen and to Ireland. They are evicting honost Irishmen from good employments and comfortable homes, and easting them in cruel poverty. Thoy are hurling Irish girls upon the streets of English cities. Thoy are, before my eyes, driving Irish children of tender years to mendicancy and crime into the gutters and slums of London. I ask even the most irreconcilable of Irish-American nationalists to weigh fairly what I say. During my recent visit to America, as I freely own and warmly re member, all classes and sections of my countrymen extended much kindness to me ; and I hold by the resolution I then formed to be always as considerate as I could be for their views, no matter how wide the chasm may be between us in almost any case. They may be assured that this remonstrance is compelled from me, not alone by very obvious moral and public principles, but as well by considerations for the welfare of the Irish' people, and the honor of the Irish cause, which I should consider it grievous cowardice for any man to evade at a moment like the present. If anything and everything be justifiable to any and eveiy man against any one whom ho on any ground dislikes—if there is no such being as God, and no tri bunal of religion, conscience and morality to judge human conduct, of course men may imitate the tiger and the hyena, and all re sorts are pretty much the same. But th6 Irish people believe in God, and in a tribunal established by Him to justly judge and wisely direct the thoughts and actions of mankind. Of all subjects, life-taking or I blood-spilling is the one on which, among Catholics especially, individuals are not allowed to be sole judges for themselves; anil the line between what is lawful and not lawful, even in open war and between parties entitled to mako war, is one which only the tribunal of authority which we, as Catholics, believe in, can for us rightly and safely settle and determine. The former emanates from the Parnell party, the latter from a true-hearted patriotic Irishman. • Can it be asked in the face of these, why the whole Press of the colouy, save the Advocate, opposed as they are generally to each other in politics, should be intensely mutually agreed that the Redmond brothers are professional beggars and that the Irish National League is the bogging box shoved in the face of the people of the earth to assist in the starvation and utter impecunio:ity of Ireland 1 Surely no man of sound common sense would find the slightest ] difficulty in judging as to the harm he will assist to do by supplementing the already too full - contents of the Parnellite “ grasp and greed party’’ bag. Until the sum of over £155,000 is accounted for, Australians—no matter of what creed and nationality—cannot but turn a deaf ear to the persuasive diatribes of men in whom they cannot have the slightest real possible interest, and who are direct enemies to the colonial watchword of “ Peace, Pro gress arid Prosperity.” Two births and one death at Footscray, and five births and two deaths at Wfl liamstown, were registered for the week ending June 9th. The man Anthony Bartholomew, a French man, who on Friday astemoon essayed to surreptitiously tronble the houso of a Airs Sordenberg in the Williamstown North Road, was on Saturday brought bofore E. Smth, Esq., J.P., and remanded until Friday next. It appears that on discovery he took to his legs and a number of women gave chase and run him up a tree in Air Bushby White’s garden, where Constable Delap, after some soft persuasion, got him to drop to mother earth and introduced him to the lock-up. It appears as if a mania for secret sociiies ■ is in course of gestation in England. The Skeleton Army is a brigade whose aims are purely mischief, and a contingent of cadets has been formed, and placed in this guerilla force. The rules in force are said to be as follow:—“ 1. Every member pays a penny a week to the support of the organization.” 2\. Every member pledges himself to break the windows of every empty house. 3. Every boy who does not belong to the Skeleton Army is stoned by members of the society whorever found.” As a number of houso proprietors in Williamstown have had to complain lately of broken windows, there may be a local contingent of that army about A boy named Wilson, while playing foot ball in Footscray last Friday, was overturned by an older boy and had his shoulder seriously injured. It is reported that the shoulderblade is broken. This is only one more unfortunate victim to excess in athletics. On Alonday and last night Airs Hamp.'on, the trulycelebratedladyevangelist, delivered two of her four intended addresses that close her ten days’ mission in the Alelboumo Town Hall. To-night and to-morrow night the rev. lady will again meet, it is to be hoped similar crowded audiences to those preceding. This good woman has undoubt edly made a great stir towards some allevia tion of the careless materialism now so rampant. Thousands will wish her God speed on her mission. The Footscray contingent of tho Williams town artillery did not muster for drill in the local orderly room last evening, but attended at Williamstown to take part in a battalion parade with the Williamstown Artillery and Hall, to discuss important business. ' Every member should attend. The members of the Footscray Debating class met in the Alechanics’ Institute on Monday evening, to revise the rules and to make arrangements for the coming social evening. It is intended to invite a number of friends to an entertainment, which is to conclude -with a dance. The ontrics for the Winter Steeplechase meeting at Flemington on Saturday, July 21st, and of the Victorian Amateur Turf Club at Caulfield on the 30th instant arc The estimated population of Victoria to 31st ‘March, 1SS3, was 479,SSS males, and 430,4S7 females, making a total of 910,375 The Argun of Saturday says “ As has been already stated, the Kensington-hill syndicate have extended the time for the removal of the soil contracted for by the Government to four years from the present date. For this concession they obtain possession of the 49 acres forming the top of the hill. At the end of the present year j they are also to obtain possession of the ground ou the Footscray side of the Williams town line, and of the ground on the Hotharn side of the North-Eastern line. In addition to these advantages, they are to have Arden street extended to the boundary of their property, and a road made to their property from the Kensington station. Tho £20,000 already paid to them covers the price of the 1,203,000 cubic yards of soil contracted for, but the syndicate have yet to be paid £3,450 for eight acres which they sold to the Government for the Coburg line, and addi tional space for the North Eastern line. The Government has further agreed to take the soil, which they have to removo off at an augle, so that precipitous embankments may not be left to the detriment of the property. The rough draft of the agreement has been signed, but the formal contract ha3 not yet been endorsed.” About twenty members of the Melbourne Hunt Club, with their horses, proceeded to Wyndham by a special train which left Spencer street on Saturday at S.45 a.m. On arriving at the Werribce Park no time was lost in getting away, and very soon three hinds and a couple of stags were met ivith. They were nm from one side of the river to the other, when the hounds were laid on to a fine stag, and he went away at a good pace, heading for the plantation. From there he ran down to Point Cook, and as the hounds were close on him he took to the Bea. The hounds were whipped off and the stag subse quently got safely back to the plantation. J-lio rim was a very good one, and greatly enjoyed. The fencing was not particularly stiff, and although two or three falls took place no one was injured. The Brooklyn suspension bridge is a tiiumph of wonder and workmanship, and will cost, in a thorough' state of completion, 13,500,000 dollars. Its span is 1,5951 feet at an altitude of 135 feet, a breadth of water bridged at one spring, such as engineer never before attempted. It unites New York and Brooklyn forming one vast metro*, polis of 2,000,000 souls and practically makes in connecting Third Avenue, the Bowery and Chatham street on the New York side, with Fulton street and Fulton | Avenue on the Brooklyn side, one street fourteen miles long. At the Williamstown Police Court on Monday Joseph Deeley, described as a butcher belonging to the s.s. Sorata, who, judging by his conduct as alleged by the police, is not a clean one as far ns his tongue i® concerned, was fined j 40s for insulting behaviour on Saturday night. Two drunks were mulcted in tho usual penalty. The only cases before the IVilliamstown Bench yesterday were brought at the instance of Mr Hammond, Inspector of Nuisances, who summoned ’ three persons for creating that anti-horticultural nuisance _allowing their cows to wander. Mcsdames Ellen Bowen and Bridget Curry were fined os cacli in' each case with costs. H. W. James was mulcted in a similar trifle for two stray milchers. Now that the local borough Council are about to plant the town with trees it is just possible that the Inspector of Nuisances will receive strict injunctions to watch over the meauderings of hungry bovines. On Monday night a child aged about eight months, belonging to a married couple, who were steerago passengers by the s,s. Sorata, died suddenly. The body was brought to the morgue and £2 ieft for its burial, owing to the vessel resuming her passage yesterday morning. The doctor of the ship gavo a certificate of death from natural causes. Rather hard lines to be compelled to allow one’s child to be buried by strangers. It is rumoured that the Salvation Army will in all probability found a small barracks i:i Williamstown at no distant date. There is no doubt an ample field for them. If only a band of them headed by blind Charley or some other cornet player, attended by a score or so of coal-scuttle bonnetted halle lujah lasses, gave the “ front ” a turn on Sunday evenings they should stand a good show of rescuing seine of the perishing. At the Footscray Police Court on Mon day the case of Fleming v. Fleming, for wife desertion, was postponed indefnitely pending the arrest of defendant. William Norris was ordered to pay £1 11s 6d for rates proven due to the borough Council. A disreputable character named Joseph Minty, who had been discovered by the police in a state of semi-nudity evidently suffering from delirium tremens, was remanded to the Melbourne goal for a week for medical treatment. It was rumored about Williamstown yesterday that our punt at tho Short road had cried “peccavi altogether. If true it is scarcely more than a number of people expected, notwithstanding .the professional report of a shipwright expert. Old things must pass away if not renewed, and so it is with the steam ferry. If the present lessees, who in reality are only lessees nominally, choose to throw up their responsibility we fail to see what remedy the Council have to compel the mere terms of contract. The body of Albert Rose, the jockey who was killed • at Wyudham on Saturday, was on Monday taken to Ballarat for interment. The jury returned a verdict to the effect that deceased met his death through the fall of his horse whilst riding in the steeple chase. Rates to the amount of £1,750 havo been paid up to the 1 ltli of June, in Williamstown. This exceeds the corresponding period of last year by £300. Every soldier in the Salvation army is expected to abstain from smoking, on the grounds of those verses of scripture which says “Ye are the temples of the Holy Ghost. ” “ Be ye clean that bear the vessels of the Lord.” The apparently universal spread of typhoid fever, both in town and country is un doubtedly due to bad drainage and filthy yards where cows have been kept. The disease is often due to a great extent to \- . irynuuam corresponaent m writing to its metropolitan paper, with reference to the annoying delay of the special on Saturday last, says “ It may be stated that it oau not leave the railway station for tho course until the departure of the ordinary train for Geelong at 5.9. By the timo the special reaches the course platform, and the passengers arrive thither and get seated, it will be found that there is but little time to spare, especially so as the race platform is only long enough for four carriages. On this occasion, however, owing to its being heavily loaded, the ordinary train reached Wcrribee much later than usual—in fact, it could not be despatched until 5.30, thereby causing the delay to the special complained about. Concerning the delay at the railway station, I am informed that it was unavoid able, but only occupied about two miuutes, there being another special train to despatch. Matters, however, could be much facilitated if the platform were lengthened and a siding put down there. The special train could then remain in the siding, and bo loaded up and despatched after tho ordinary train passed. The secretary of the club intends applying to the Railway Department to have the improvements just mentioned effected, so as to cause as little delay as possible in the arrival and departure of the trains.” Like all Australians we are admirers o | athletic exercises when theso are partaken of with all due regard to that spirit of bonhomie with which they should be imbued. As is well-known, the football season is at its height, and carries with it an almost undue amount of excitement, and this excitement appears to get beyond the bounds of reason able gentlemanly forebearanco at times. There are some natures that are easily made irascible, and these should be the last to enter the football arena. Secretaries of iootball clubs and their match committees ought to be especially careful to note any players who exhibit a brutishness in their play that may possibly culminate in injury perhaps permanent, perhaps fatal, to their fellows. In justice to themselves these men should not be allowed to play, as the temptal tion to pay off a grudgo on a companion or opponent less than themselves, under cover of .combating in the causo of a manly game is probably too great to be withstood. At an up-country match the other day a big hulk iog fellow maimed a young boy probably for life. At Footscray on Saturday last a lad named Wilson had his shoulder-blade broken. On Saturday last at the gardens’ reserve, in the match Williamstown y. Star of Carlton, wo have been informed on good authority that the play was brutal, one of the local team having received a verv severe kick in tile head. If this conduct increases the law will be compelled to step in and nip it short, or-it will exhibit itself with in creased vigor outside the football field. The colonial press always foster manly sport, but are just as ready to point to Its degenera tion to lawlessness, and recent events cast ominous shadows that the game in question is approaching somewhat in that direction. This is to be regretted, as any kind of athletics should have a tendency not only to invigorate of health but form the acme of manliness instead of demoralising. Up to the present, instances have either been rare or kept secret where injuries have been received, but the last few Saturdays have given birth to suspicion that they are on the increase. We hope, however, that their advent will be the means of making foot ballers more cautious in future. No young man, who .is not a brute, would but regret if he were made aware of the fact, having possibly crippled a poor player for life. Learn to kick the ball better instead of your companions, and victories gained will be more manly and less bloodless.” The literary supplement at present sup plied with our Wednesday’s issue will be discontinuedfon and after Wednesday next, the 27tli instant. MrR. Tli waite, one of the present borough councillors for the north ward, announces his intention of seeking re-election. Another Jvery old resident of Williams town, in the person of Mr J. V. Green, has been gathered to his fathers. He was well and widely known, having taken a leading part in business and other social matters when Williamstown was a young borough. A military funeral will bo accorded to him, and it is announced to take placo to-day at three' o’clock. Reports from London say that unless more care be taken in exporting Australian frozen meat the trade will be lost. Prices have fallen, and latest cargoes are quoted decidedly inferior. , One outcome of tho connection by rail between New South Wales and Victoria is that in future absconding debtors and wife deserters will find it difficult to evade their responsibility. By last night’s Herald there seems to be a probability of Messrs Walkinshaw, Crawcour, and Abrahams being mixed up in more litigation. Three paragraphs run thus :— “ Constable Walkinshaw has instructed his solicitor to issue a 'writ against the Mel bourne Coal Company, claiming damages for injuries,, sustained by falling down t^ie hold of one of the company’s ships. Walkinshaw was rather prepossessing in appearance before the accident, and now the loft side of his face and forehead are marked with blue scars.” “The case of Constable Walkin shaw against Michael Crawcour, of Williams town, is to come again before the Supreme Court in the shape of an application for a new trial. It will be remembered that Constable Walkinshaw recovered at the last Nisi Prim sittings £350 damages for mali cious prosecution. Mr Crawcour is, how ever, dissatisfied with the verdict, and has instructed Messrs Gillott and Snowden to move for a new trial.” “ A writ, claiming £500 damages from Mr Joseph Godfrey Abraham, pawnbroker, of Hotham, has been issued by Mr Gaunson, as solicitor for Con stable Walkinshaw. The action, which is brought for alleged malicious prosecution, aroso out of a similar action, Walkinshaw v. I Crawcour, recently tried in the Supreme Court, and in which the jury awarded j Constable Walkinshaw £350 damages.” 