THE HANDS OF . JUSTICE. BY F. W. ROBINSON. Author of 'Grandmother's Money;' 'Coward Conscience;' 'Annie Judge, Spinster ;' ' Poor Humanity ;' ' As Long as She Lived;' 'Mattie, a Stray;' 'Owen, a Waif ;' ' No Church ;' ' House of Elmore ;' ' A Woman's Ransom ;' ' For Her Sake ;' &C.;, &C.; [Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.) BOOK THE SECOND.— FIVE YEA.R5 AFTERWARDS. Chapter XIV.— The Secret of the Murder. Miss Brake, late of Boston, Lincolnshire, evidently possessed a strong mind in a weak frame, and was not in any way mentally ner vous, or she would have thought twice about trustiDg herself in a strange cottage down a dark gull j in Lincolnshire, and with 'stranger folk' for company. It was a scene which might have deterred any nervous woman, but Miss Brake's dark ejes regarded it unflinchingly. It was a coolly furnished room which she had entered, the street door opening immediately into it; and in one corner of tht- anmtmpnt. l.iv Mr Spifeins, like a waxen image, which time had rendered very dusky and grimy. Mr. Spikins had lain there for some years now, attended by one of the female servants from the farm, or by some willing or unwilling neighbor, when he bad quarrelled with the farm ser vant. There was always some one ready, as a rule, to nurse Mr. Spikins and generally 'care' for him — wages being paid for that service by John Woodhatch ; but after a few weeks ' turn at him' a change was certain to ensue, Mr. Spikins being difficult to please, and having innumerable complaints to make as to the vile treatment to which the loss of the use of his limbs had unfortunately subjected him. A good grumbler was Mr. Spikins, when he had breath enough left in his body to grumble with, and addicted to bad language always, whether short of breath., or not ; altogether not a pleasant old man to spend a few weeks with, or for a lady to think of visiting at odd hours of the night, unless on urgent business —as Miss Brake's might be. It was a grim, ugly old man, too, at whom she gazed with interest, and who looked back at her keenly from under his half -closed lids. He lay there without movement— like a dead man even — and with two thin, claw-like hands crossed together on his chest, in quite a saint-like, monumental fashion. There was a little table at the head of the bed, on which was a lamp, a basin half-filled with gruel, and a paper packet open at one end, and containing tobacco for the invalid to chew ; a rulirjg habit to whieh he still clung iu his latter days, and which had been contracted in his early times of prison service, where smoking was ' strictly prohibited,' but where tobacco had always found its mysterious way into the establishment for surreptitious ' home consumption.' Mr. Spikins had gone to sleep masticating tobacco, and would be at it again presently, when he had strength to use his lower jaw, and set to work upon a lozenge-shaped pellet which had got under his tongue during his slumbers, and would presently have to be eonghed into position. At the bed's foot, with one ragged arm and knee curled round a bamboo bedpost, sat Reuben Fladge, presenting as disreputable and 'uncanny' an appearance as on the evening he had called at Parson Lircom's, but with some human interest and life in his scared face which Mr. Spikins did not now in any way possess. Neither of the gentlemen was encouraging in aspect to a lady visitor, and any one extra- susceptible might have fled with shrieks from either of them as from dis torted dream figures. But Miss Brake looked from one to the other quietly, addressing her self more particularly to Fladge, whom she seemed to know, and who was deferential to her in an odd, clumsy way, nodding his head even towards a cane-bottomed seat, which looked as ragged and bristly as a porcupine, and saying gruffly — ' Sit down— won't you ?' Miss Brake sat down thus solicited, and put her stick across her hip ; then her dark eyes wandered to the figure in the bed. ' This is Peter Spikins ?' .she said, address irjg Fladge without moving her head. ?? Yes, that's ee,' said Fladge. 'Asleep?' ' Oh, no ; wide awake and looking at 'ee,' cried Fladge ; ' he's rare and lively a bit now. Aren't 'ee, Spikins V Spifeins, with apparent difficulty, winked one eye, and this was evidently intended to convey an answer in the affirmative. 'What do you want with m%r said Miss Brake to the invalid. ' What do you think you can tell me that I should be glad to know. See, I am here at your wish.' Mr. Spikins did not appear to be particu larly struck by this appeal, or by the honor of Miss Brake's company that evening, after all ; or he might be ^considering whether her ad dress was not a little peremptory, for he did cot respond to her, although his eyelashes quivered a little, and the eyes began to open more, and stare at the stained ceiling above bis head, as if in rapt admiration of tiro bloated flies there. ' Dumb?' asked Miss Brake of the younger man. Fladge croaked forth a feeble little laugh of his old double- knock pattern, and said— ' Oh ! he'll talk enough soon ; the old un takes time to come out of his sleeps— an awiul time— always,' was the slow, jerky answer, and without looking at his ques tioner. ' I am in no hurry. I will wait for him,' said Miss Brake. 'He won't talk many times longer, any how,' said Fladge, with a second laugh still less hilarious than the preceding; 'he's a main bit weaker — half a corpse, or more, a'ready. Ain't you, Peter ?' Peter winked, or blinked, both eyes now ; but that might have been as an expression of dissent on this occasion, for the shaggy white ejebrows were lowered ominously over them. Fladge took no heed of this, but went on with singular disregard of any feelings which Mr. Spikins might possibly happen to possess. ' The doctor says this is just about the end of him— and time it was. He's been a rare noosance the last four year or so, they «ay ; and they'll be glad enough when he's stowed away for good. I shan't.' ' You like him, Fladge?' said the visitor. ' He's been kind to me ; he's let me stop here and talk to him, poor old devil,' said Fladge, ' and hide away from Mr. Wood hatch, and Greg Dorward, and all the rest of 'em over yonder. You know — you know.' ' Yes, I know.' 'And he's been a worrying about you, mum— dreadful all the day. That's why I came over to ee, you know r' 'I know,' echoed Miss Brake again. 'He's not up to much, jest now,' said Fladge, 'but he'll wake all of a sudden and 'stonish ee. Oh ! he's a rum 'un — you won't mind him, lady, if he goes it over much?' ' What is he thinking about,' she asked. Fladge looked at Mr. Spikins more in tently, then suddenly sprawled full length across the bed, and without the least con sideration for the old gentleman's lower limbs, reached out two long arms and caught hold of the patient's lower jaw. Then ensued a mysterious operation of some kind, fully explained after Fladge had resumed his monkey- like attitude round the bed. post. 'Quid wrong,' explained Fladge, 'jest swolleriog it— that's all.' Mr. Spikins began slowly to munch and mumble his tobacco, and Miss Brake turned to Reuben Fladge as more genial or com municative company. ' Why do you want to hide away foom Mr. Woodhatch?' she asked, in allusion to a previous remark of Reuben's, ' he is more likely to be your friend than enemy. Is he not?' 'No— not any friend to me. Oh, no ! oh, no !' cried Fladge. 'You and my brother Morris were dis missed together from the farm V 'Ay.' ' Has be not forgiven that 2' ' I doan't know. He was main hard on me — he wouldn't hear a word,' muttered Fladge, his face falling quickly into shadow. ' He was hard on Morris too ; but I do not blame him,' said Miss Brake ; ' he had been deceived by those in whom he had put faith. That makes a man— or woman— very hard in deed.' She stared at the little strong-smelling paraffin lamp upon the table by the side of the basin and tobacco, rather than at Reuben Fladge, and for a moment appeared to have forgotten him. It was only when he broke suddenly into a very husky cough that she locked up again. 'There is something more which makes John Woodhatch hard on you,' she said ; 'I, who know him better than yoti, am sure enough of that.' ' He's awfuJ hard,' muttered Fladge. 'You bad only to say to him, 'Master, forgive me. I am very sorry. I was only a lad, and led away,' and he would not have left ycu. to sink to this miserable plight,' said Miss Brake, earnestly. Reuben Fladge crossed his arms on the round top of the half upright bamboo bed, post, and hid his face upon them, leaving oply his shock head of hair visible to the visitor. 'Ay— that's true,' he muttered, ' he might a' done so once, afore he thought so bad' o' me. Afore he thought I'd killed your brother Morris.' 'John Woodhatch thought you did it?' exclaimed Hester Brake with new interest. 'Ay, and a gocd many m&ir; than Mister Woodhatcb. I doan't know why,' moaned FJadge, ' except I did not like Morrie, after te had .get me into trouble, and I s&id; so afore he was found dead by the parson's house. That's all. That's all I did.' 'Have you seen Mr. Woodhatch since that night?' 'Once. And he told me I'd killed Morris — he was sure of it — and he'd have the law o' me when he could.' ' He said as much as that ?' 'He did.' Miss Brake looked intently' at Reubon Fladge now, leaning forward to peer more closely into his face. ' Did you quarrel with rny brother on the night John Woodhatch was — so hard t' she asked, after a pause. 'Yes. We bad words, o' course,' replied Fladge. 'And you did not kill him?' she askod sharply. ''1 never had the chance,' was tho sullen answer, ' and you ain't come to hoar mo say I did.' ' What am I here for V' ' To hear me say, 1 didn't, s'elp my (Soil,' cried Fladge, with sudden excitement, an-l beating the palm of his broad, brown hand upon the bedstead, ' to hear old Spikins tiioiv, tell you who did,' he shrioked, ' for ho knows, lie knows .'' Miss Brake paled a little atKriiltpn Kludge'* vehemence now as at a dungd-outi luiiatio'H. She was not prepared for this outburst, or passion, she mi^ht have hem uvou mow ovor* powered by it had it not. l-«'On f»tr tho last words which had osgujhhI the outitAMt. nm fronting her. She turned to tho biulririilcii man nu.l leaned over him. 'You know who killed my brother':' Mr. Spikins was looking ttt Inn- nun'. !!,? shifted with his tongue tho plug of t.--i-*.-.'.- into his check, aiul then aaiit in a tooble treble — ' Yes— I do.' 'And that is why yon aont tor n\e r' Peter Siskins noductl. 'Knowiij; 1 lmvo ploUet'.l niysrif (o tha hunting down of my brother':! tuurilertu-. Knowing (hat 1 shall thul him some »l*y, Moriih'a wifo »nd all the rent of them having failed so miserably. Knowing ? ' ?She stopped as tho white, thin lips parted to speak. Sho would not lose a won), at any moment, which this oKl man, lying at the point of death, might say to her. ' I don't know aiijthiuR about you— 1 Jon't want to know,' ho piped forth. 'It was Fladge told mo you wero at Skoffs Uhoro. lio'a been a watubing you a bit ; he's followed you from Boston.' ' You have been good to me, at times,' said Fladge in explanation ; ' and you've sent me money. And I wanted ec to como to Spikins.' ' You are uneasy with this awful secret on your conscience,' said Hester Brake, turning to the old man again; 'it weighs you down at last.' ' No, I ain't a bit uneasy,' was the slow reply. ?' What then ?' 'Im uneasy as to what's to become of me when Mister Woodhatch dies, or goes away. I'm a wonderful age, lady,' he whined out ; ' but it hasn't left me very strong at present. I'm eighty-nine.' ' Eigtby-eigtt,' corrected Fladge. ' You're a liar, Fladge ; it's eighty- nine.' And then Mr. Spikins calmly and delibs rately swore at Rueben for contradicting him until Miss Brake touched one of his folded hands. ' You are too old— too near God's end of it —to blaspheme like this,' she said reprov ingly. ' You have sent for me to tell me the whole truth.' ' If youTI make it worth my while — if you'll pension me like,' he said. ' So much a week, sent regular, /want, mum. If it comes in the lump, Fladge or some other rascal's sure to steal it, now I can't run after him, Now these damned legs ? ' 'Why have you kept this secret to your self '''asked Hester Brake; 'why for all these years have you been silent, in the name of common honesty?' ' I warn't going to be worried at my time of life.' 'There was a reward offered, and you are fond of money,' she said. ''Dr. Guswitch said any excitement would kill me ; my 'eart's got a flabby haction, he says. And it wasn't bad fun,' he added, with a sudden shaking of the shoulders in token of considerable hilarity. 'To be a laying here, a knowing more than anybody else, and a keeping it to myself, too, so nice and quiet ; that's what I liked!' This was a terrible old man, thought Hester Brake ; a wreck from Farm Forlorn indeed, and to whom Farm Forlorn had not done much good, or taught much charity. This was another of the failures John Woodhatch mourned over secretly, she thought. 'Well, Spikins, I will pension you,' she said, suddenly. ' Hot telling Mister Woodhatch, or I might lose his bit -o' money. Not that that's much,' he muttered ; ' it's doled out beastly.' ' Not telling Mr. Woodhatch till you die,' she answered, with a reserve. 'Will that do?' ' Yes, that will do. I shan't die yet a while for all that stupid ass, Fladge, says,' he added maliciously ; ' he's a soft one, he is. A poor lot, Miss Brake— he mustn't hear a word of it, not he.' ' It doan't matter to me who killed him,' said Fladge, listlessly. 'Oh, you're not a bit curious, you ain't,' said Peter Spikins, now quite conversational and lively and ironical ; ' but we ain't a going to trust you. I have often told him old Woodhatch did it, just to aggravate him.' 'lhnew that was a lie,' growled Fladge; ' I wasn't like to take that in.' 'There's more'n than* me has said it, though, and there's some as think it too, though you don't,' Mr. Spikins remarked. 'Them's fools,' said Fladge in reply. 'You get out a callin' people fools,'9 croaked Mr. Spikins; 'get clean out o' my 'ouse, and wait till the lady comes to you at the top of the level, will you ? We've busi ness to arrange, and don't want you.' 'All right.' Fladge got off the bedside and, with his hands in his pockets, slouched out bareheaded into the night. Outside the doorway he paused a moment, and then began to run his hardest, as if in pursuit of somebody ; coining to a full stop at the bottom of the steps, down which Hester Brake had descended some little time since under the escourt of Greg Dorward. Here he stood and listened, scratching vigorously at his shock head, and then slouched back towards Mr. Spikins'a cottage again, encountering at the door Miss Brake, who clutched his arm until he winced again. ' See me to my chaise, Fladge ; I am weaker than I thought,' she said. ' I have tired my self out. I am ill.' Fladge shut the door to keep the night air from the lungs of Mr. Spikins, and then, with Miss Brake leaning heavily upon his arm, walked with her along the narrow, un even path, and up the steps to the high road. She did not speak to her guide, only breathed heavily, and onse looked up into his stolid face as though she fancied for an instant he had spoken to her. But all excitement had banished from Reuben Fladge. and all inte rest in the object of her visit apparently had ceased. He was dull and silent ; oppressed, perhaps, by thoughts of his own which had come to him with the night-air— possibly of fended even at Mr. Spikins's utter want of confidence in him. They went onwards to the chaise thus, where the driver was still sleeping peacefully in the summer air, with a late dragon-fly buzzing round his nose, and where the knock kneed pony, with a voracious appetite, was still plucking his hardest at the grass. The moon was rising from the sea, like Venus, and the stars seemed to have grown very large and bright since she had passed there last. The man was aroused, and glad to see the lady whom he had driven from the lodgings near the Swan— glad to jump out of the chaise and assist her into it, and then clamber to his own perch and wait commands to go. At this juncture Fladge came back to him self, took some money which Hester Brake put into his hand, and muttered in a low, deep voice his thanks. ' He is not mad, Fladge, is he ?' she asked, . in a low, excited whisper. ' He's as right as I am,' was the confident reply. ' Oh ! as you are,' said Hester Brake. ' Has he told you ?' asked Reuben, eagerly now. 'Yes.' Then the pony was urged into a trot, and away was borne the woman who had bribed Peter Spikins out of a secret he had kept to himself for five years. She sat very silent and rigid in the basket chaise, thinking over the revelation of the night ; but half-way towards her lodgings she showed she was alive to passing incidents, by calling sharply to the driver — 'Stop here. Some one is coming down the road towards us,' she said. The man stopped, and Kitty Yanch ad vanced swiftly to the side of the chaise, and said — ' Oh ! my dear mistress, I was afraid some thing had happened.' 'So there has.' 'Not to you— no ?— ' 'No accident. I took advantage of your absence to steal away from home, you see,' she said. ' Step in and sit by me.' Kitty complied with her request. 'Why were you coming this way?' she asked, clutching hard at the hand of her com panion. 'Did you think if I were in any danger it would be found in this direction?' 'I thought job might have gone to Farm Forlorn.' ''Why 5' ' I can hardly say,' answered Kitty. ' I have not been to the farm,' said the mistress, ' but for a drive in theapen coun try. Is it late?' ' Yts ; it ib getting very late.' '1 thall be gted when we are at home,'* Hester Brake said wearily ; then retaining the hold of Kitty's hand, as though she found comfort-, or strength, or sympathy by con tact with it, the two women were driven back to Skega Shore. Chapter XV. — The Guests of the Fabm. Miss Brake and Kitty Vanch arrived at Farm Forlorn in the afternoon of the follow ing day and received a hearty greeting from the proprietor. They were welcome guests, and John Woodhatch shoved they were welcome. He was at the gate to receive them. A tall, handsome, grey-haired man, who doffod his hat as he came down the garden path towards them, and looked ' mine host ' to tho life. There was a bright smile upon liis face also, that took some of the natural firavity from it, as though John Woodhatch ?were extra pleased that day— which wag true enough for that matter. For hero was the success of one of his schfiiK.'s— a lonp, elaborate plan at which cynici and sceptics bad scoffed. Here was a vny I'ltntmnt and satisfactory end to it, or so vIom- upon the end, with everybody working toward it, that he had reason to congratulate tiiniht If already on results, ho though*. ' AfU-i all these years, John,' said Miss lirnke, as the farmer assisted h?r to alight fr« n- itst! t.hai!--\ '' I come an invited guest to Kit mi Forlorn.' ?? la it- my fault you have not come earlier, Hrntfr :' ho replied. ''Alt! I am not quite sure of that. I have futicit (1 oiu-c of twice you were not anxious 1 hlioulil i-nme,' she said, 'and with all your kitxinetm to iuc, not too pressing in your invi tBtlollB.' ' You're a woman of strange fancies, I It-ntt r— aiul,'hc added laughing, 'you always Wf.i'o, you know.' 'Or you have always said so,' she replied looking up into his face with a smile a little forced— a smile that might have hidden pain, hhnobt, at Homething he had implied rather than said, ' I have been always eccentric in your estimation.' ' 1 don't say that mind.' 'Hut you think it,' she remarked. 'Just ns 1 think you tho most eccentric being I have ever known, and have the courage to say it, too, in your own house.' \- ' Bold woman !' answered John, as he assisted Kitty Vance to alight, 'and sea, Kitty, it is with a sharp tongue your mistress attacks me on tho threshold of home.' ' She will allow no one else to attack you, sir,' answered Kitty, 'for that I can answer.' ' Ah ! 'tis well to have a champion,' said John, leading the way now with Miss Brake upon his arm, ' a friend who will fight for our good names, for our credit's sake, when our backs are turned. They are the best of friends, after all.' 'Where is the lover?' asked Miss Brake, suddenly and irRlcvantly. ' On his way as fast as a good horse can bear him to his lady love,' said John Woodhatch in reply. ' I thought he would get to Bleathorpe and back before your arrival. He will be sorry you have fore stalled him.' 'Have we come too soon, then?' asked Miss Brake at this. ' No — my touchy young woman, you have not,' answered the farmer, laughing, 'but you said about five o'clock, if my memory serves me correctly, and it is note striking four. 'So, I am better than my word.' ' Yes— and all the better for that,' was the dry response. This half-pleasant banter, indicative of the good feeling existing between Miss Brake and John Woodhatch, lasted the remainder of the way to the farm parlor which was bright with flowers that breathed a second welcome to them. And, standing at the table in a neat brown merino dress, new for the occasion, and to do honor to the new faces which were coming to Skegs Shore was Mrs. Chadderton, her left hand busy with her snow white apron and rolling it up atone corner very nervously, for all the rigid attitude she bad assumed. 'This is another friend t who fights [my battles, too, Miss Brake, and of whom you have heard me speak very often. The faithful and true housekeeper of my poor establish ment — Mrs. Chadderton.' 'Yes— I have heard of Mrs. Chadderton,' said Miss Brake with a distant bow, and taking no notice of a hand half -timidly held towards her by way of friendly greeting, ' I hope our intrusion will not trouble you too much ?' ' It will not trouble me at all, madam.' Mrs. Chadderton looked at Miss Brake for the first time, and with a stern, grave expres sion, which might have signified anything, f com grim respect to grim defiance. But this was generally Mrs. Chadderton's way; she never smiled, and was not cheerful company. It is doubtful if many people in and around Farm forlorn, with the exception of John Woodhatch, had been, struck by the good qualities of Mrs. Chadderton, and it was certain Hester Brake was not impressed by her, or by the master's flourish of trumpets over her virtues. ' Kitty will have heard of you, too, Mrs. Chadderton,' said Mr. Woodhatch, not noticing or affecting not to notice the frigid greeting between the two, 'and you have heard of Kitty Vanch ?' ' Oh, yes.' said Mrs. Chadderton. And on this occasion the position was re verged, and it was the housekeeper, erect and stiff, who failed to recognise a little hand which was readily extended towards her and as quickly drawn back again when no Sign of reciprocity of feeling was evident. 'Are there any commands?' asked Mrs. Chadderton of Mr. Woodhatch, after this formal reception of the visitors. ' You will show my friends to their rooms, please,' said John Woodhatch almost with a frown at her, one might have thought, as if in reproof for her demeanor, 'and then I daresay an early cup of tea will not be ob jected to.' ' Yery well, sir.' Miss Brake, however sat down in an easy chair by the open window and quickly took her bonnet from her head and disengaged a mantle from her shoulders. ' May I feel that this is home, John ?' she enquired, 'and be unceremonious and at my ease?' ' I dislike ceremony always,' said John, ' and this is home to you, or I am disap pointed.' ' I am too tired to go any further,' she said, 'let me rest here till the evening, please.' ' Yes, and as you please.' She held out her bonnet and mantle to Kitty ; she could not or would not see Mrs. Chadderton's movement towards the articles, and then she lay back in her chair, sighed and closed her eyes. She opened them again widely though, when the housekeeper said, ' If you will follow me, Miss Vanch, I will show you to your room,' and until the house keeper and her companion had departed, kept her gaze upon them both. When the door was shut behind them she closed her eyes once more, and put one thin band sud denly upon the bosom of her dress. ' You are unwell, today,' said Woodhatch. ' I do not feel very strong,' she murmured, ' but then I aa. like a child in strength, A little always distresses me.' ' What has distressed you since I saw you last ?' asked the farmer. ' I don't know. I hardly know,' she added, as one who would not wholly commit herself to a false statement, and yet was unwilling to offer an explanation to her interlocutor, ' the day is very warm, and coming here seems very strange to me.' ' Shall I leave yon ? A little sleep ? ' 'No; don't leave me directly,' she said, 'I want to speak to you before they come back. A few words, if you will.' 'Certainly.' John Woodhatch drew a chair to the window also and sat down facing her. She was a fragile woman without her outdoor apparel— the folds of her mantle had dis guised her extraordinary thinness, as the bonnet, or its trimmings, had given ' tone ' to the swarthy-skinned, wasted little face, in which two dark eyes were gleaming. Now in her indoor costume, and sitting there with her walking cane clutched in one transparent hand, she looked ill and weakly enough, one who required great care to make her way in life, even as an invalid. -r^SiJ?ia^JsMrs' Chadderton,' she said to John Woodhatch. 'Yes— that's she.' 'I can't say I admire your choice of house keeper,' she added. ' You don't like her9' 'No- 1 don't like her,' was the slow, thoughtful reply. ,. -^I,am.,1iot surP'sed at it, Hester,' he said, lightly, for jou do not take to strangers quickly, and your first impressions are seme times deceptive.' '?I should not like her if she were to live till doomsday,' remarked Miss Brake, ' what a cold, hard face it is.' ' Her's has been a cold, hard life.' 'Ah ! yes— so has been many a poor woman s, answered Hester Brake, 'but one Bttd not look like that. Can you trust her '. ' ' I have trusted her for many years,' ' Don't trust her any longer ; rather take my warning, and beware of her,' she said, in a hasty whisper. John Woodhatch regarded his visitor with close attention for an instant, then he shrugged his shoulders, got up from his chair and laughed again.' 'You are the most uncharitable person I ever met, with any claim to Christian charity,' he said, ironically, ' but then you do not always mean what you say, Hester Brake, and so I forgive your hard words ' ? 'I have not asked your forgiveness,' she said, abruptly 'and I am not compelled to admire Mrs. Chadderton, because you do John, 'Certainly not.' 'Morris never eared for her.' 'Very likely, poor fellow.' ' He eaid she was always watching him,' continned Hester. 'She is a watchful woman, at all times* Why do you quote Morris?' he asked. ' Coming to this house brings back my thoughts of him,' she replied. ' Well, you must not be hard or unjust to her because he was,' said Woodhatch, ' and I want you to take my word that Mrs. Chad derton is a worthy souL' 'You think well of everybody,' she said petulantly ; 'you are so different from me.' John Woodhatch moved slowly towards the open French window. 'What fine harvest weather this is,' he said, ' I must look after my men now ; I shall not be very long away.' 'One moment more. Whom have I mis understood— not taken to at first ?' she asked, reverting to his former insinuation, as though she set store by his words, or they affectei her by their injustice, and were not easily forgotten. '? Lucy Brake,' he answered. ' She told you so ?' 'Yes.' ' She is mistaken. I like her.' ' That's well,' said John Woodhatch, brightening; 'that is how it should be, for the sake of Morris, who loved her very much.' ' It is you who are quoting Morris to me row. Bow is it he is in our minds so much tc-day ?' she a*ked ; '? is it the visit here, the sad consciousness that he left this house one night to his death ?' ' Try and rest for s, few minutes,' he said, evasively, ' I spoke of Morris because you did. I was unwise.' ' I will try and rest then. I am detaining you/' ' If you require anything, touch that belL' said Mr. Woodhatch, as he passed out of the window and along the garden ground, by way of a short cut to bis fields, Misa Brake looked round as if for the bell be had indicated, looked very closely at the furniture of the room now, the pictures and prints on the wall, the old stone china on the mantelpiece, the Broadwood grand which had remained untouched since Lucy Brake was there last— nearly five years ago — and after this critical inspection she lay back in her chair, a languid, sad-faced woman, to whom life itself seemed a burden to bear. The house was very still after the depar ture of John Woodhatch, and she was very tired with her journey. Yesterday there had been great excitement for her and she had lain ' wide awake and staring' all the long night afterwards ; and in the peace and rest of her new home she could close her eyes and fall asleep. It was far from a peaceful slumber, however, and disturbed even in that bright daytime by strange dreams, if one could judge by a low moaning, as of pain. A heavy sleep notwithstanding all this, and from which the opening of the door did not in any way arouse her. Mrs. Chadderton and Kitty Vanch had come into the room together— the former full of attention despite her stolidity of demeanor, and anxious that the younger visitor should reach the farm parlor again without losing her way along the corridor. ' She is asleep,' said Kitty, at first glance of her mistress. 'You will not make any noise, please,' she added to Mrs. Chadderton ; ' sbe has had a very bad night.' 'I will take the keys from the cupboard yonder, and go,' replied the housekeeper; and, having been adjured to caution, she went across the room in so perfectly noiseless a fashion that Kitty marvelled at the pro cess, as she herself crept to a vacant chair op posite Miss Brake. But Mrs. Chadderton did not go after she had obtained the keys and locked the cup board, lest her visitors should make free with the contents, perhaps ; on the contrary, she came to the back of Kitty's chair in the same ghost-gliding fashion, and touched her gently on the shoulder. ' Is she ill?' she asked, in a low voice. ' No, she is only tired.' ' She looks like one at death's door,' Mrs. Chadderton added. ' You should be careful of her, Miss Vanch.9' ' I hope I am.' ' One cares always for what one loves ; and you love her very much, I am told.' ' Who told you?' the whispered back. ' Mr. Woodhatch has often spoken of her care for you, and of how much you love her in return,' she replied. 'Has he? Yes, I love her very much,' said Kitty ; ' she has been everything to me for the last five years of my life, and so God bless her for it.' ' God bless her for it,' echoed Mrs. Chad derton ; and as Kitty looked towards her, she added, 'Yes, you ought -to say that, I think. What would you have been without her ?' Kitty stared now at the housekeeper, and felt her heart sink even at these words. 'Don't mind me, Miss,' said the house keeper, ' and don't tell Mr. Woodhatch what I have said. It is a rule here to look away from the past, having lived it down.' 'And your past, then?' asked Kitty, wonderingly. 'Was in Bolter's Rents along with o« the rest of them,' she said. ' Do you despise me very much for that, Miss Vanch V 'Heaven forbid. Why should I?' asked Kitty. ' 1 thought you would not, but I thought I should like to tell you this before any one else did, lest she' nodding to Miss Brake, 'or Gregory Dorward should set you against me.' 'Neither will try to do that,' said Kitty, perhaps a little too confidently ; ' on the con trary, you seemed to despise me — to shrink away from ice when I first saw you.' 'I was ashamed, or flurried— I don't know which. I ? ' ' Hush ! not so loud ; you have awakened her. See !' But Mrs. Chadderton did not stop to see, but went very swiftly from the room, as if afraid at present to meet Miss Brake's gaze, which, the instant after the door had closed, was fixed upon Kate Vanch. ' Have I been asleep?' she asked. ' I did sot hear you come in.' ' You have been sound asleep,' said Kitty. 'Who has just left the room— Mr. Dor* ward?' 'Mrs. Chadderton.' 'TVhereisshenow?' ' She has just left me,' 'Come here and listen, Kate,' said Miss Brake, with evident excitement. Kate Vanch crossed to her side, and bent down her head to listen, as commanded. 'I am here to watch her; I have brought you to watch her, too ; and gain in some way— in any way— if possible, her confi dence.' 'But your manner when — ' '\es, yes; I know. I was not prepared,' answered Miss Brake, hurriedly. ' She will take to youpresently; but you must be always on guard too, Kitty, lest she deceive you in jour turn. A terrible woman, I am sure.' ' I hope not. I think not.' ' It is not to be all love-making at Farm Forlorn, remember,' said Hester Brake, scornfully ; 'we are in the house whence Morris was spirited away, and where his death was planned.' 'Pray do not think of this, Miss Hester? Not at this time.' ' This must always be to me a house of shadow,' she replied, 'and I have always avoided it. But he brings me to it at last.' ' John Woodhateh ?' ' No, Morris.' ' Oh ! Miss Hester, Miss Hester ?' entreated Kitty, ''You will not brood on this again — not now when there is a prospect of happiness forme. Is it fair?' Hester Brake rested her thin hand on the soft dark braids of hair inclined towards her. ' You;h is selfish, and love is more selfish than youth— and I have outlived both Kitty, oh, so long !' she murmured ; ' there, I wul not weary you again yet awhile. I only wished to warn you.' ' Of Mrs. Chadderton ?' ' Yes. She knows who killed my brother !' (To be continued. ) A farmer residing not many miles from Moonta (writes the ForMs Peninsula Adver tiser) tells us a little of his recent experience in engaging hands for the coming harvest. Lately an aspirant for work on the reaping machine called and asked for a job, when something like the following colloquy took place :— 'Oh yes, work enough ; what can you do?' 'Oh farm work, &c;' 'Can you drive and steer your own machine and work it properly?' 'Yes, of course I can.' 'Well what are you looking for ?' ' Oh, I don't know ; what are you giving V 'I give what is going, but what do you want?' 'Three pounds ten and board and lodging?' ' What ! my dear man ycu must be gone in the head.' ' Oh no, the crops are good this year.' We fancy they would require to be good to allow twenty buthels of wheat with board and lodgings for a wetk's work. Would it not pay some of the men who, we are told, work for 4s. fid. on the floors in the mine, to learn how to steer the leaping machine? Valuable Discoveut fou the Hair. — if your hair is turning grey or white, or falling off, use 1 he Mexican Hair Eenewer.' for it will positively restore in every case Grey or White hair to its original color, without leaving the disagreeable smell of most 'Restorers.' It makes the hair charmingly beauti ful, as weU as promoting the growth of the -hair on bald spots, where the glands are not decayed. Ask your Chemists for ' The Mexican HaibReneweb. Sold by Chemists and Perfumers everywhere at 3s. 6d. per Bottle. Wholesale depot removed to 88 larnngton-road, London. 869uzcx380c Epps's Cocoa —Gkatefdi, and Comforting.— By a thorough knowledge of the natural laws which govern the operations of digestion and nutri tion, and by a careful application of the fine pro. perties of well-selected Cocoa,pVIr. Epps.has provided our breakfast tables with a delicately flavored beverage which may save us many heavy doctors' bills. It is by the judicious use of such articles ot diet that a constitution may be gradually built up until strong enough to resist every tendency to disease. Hundreds of subtle maladies are floating around us ready to attack wherever there is a weaS fHrint. We may escape many a fatal shaft by keep ing ourselves well fortified with pare blood and a properly nourished frame.'— Civil Service Gazette— Made simply with boiling water or milk. Sold only In packets labelled, ' James Epps & Co., Homoeo paihic Chemists, LoBdon.' Also makers of Bpps'a Chocolate Kssenoe siS2an 