SPIRITUALISM AND MR JAMES CURTIS. —Yours. &c.;, ENQUIRER. “I believe it to be the most tremendous enemy of God, morals and religion, that ever found foothold on the earth, the most seductive, hence most dangerous form of sensualism that ever cursed a nation, age, or people." -- Dr Randolph, from a discourse in New York Tribune. 'Dr. R. was for many years s noted medium, TO THE EDITOR Sir. -- Mr Curtis in his last attempt to reply to my letter, furnishes a list of so called Biblical contradictions. This is, pleaded as a set-off against my quotations, showing the inconsistent odd contradictory utterances of Spiritualistic writers. The Scriptural so called contradictions are quite susceptible of explanation. It would, however, only encumber your columns unnecessarily were I to attempt that explanation.Besides this work is foreign to my purpose. It must just suffice at the present to remind Mr. Curtis that two blacks do not make a white. The deliverance of Theodore Parker’s ghost from another world I do not, take as an authority on the nature of God. Parker was not altogether re liable when on earth, and I question, judging from Mr Curtis' quotation whether his schooling among departed spirits has improved him. While on earth Parker held two doctrines among, others, namely, that man has an "instinctive intuition of his immortality" and that "sin is the tripping of a child who is learning to walk, or a necessary and for the most part inculpable stage in human progress.”. (See Weiss' Life of Parker, vol. II., p.p. 470, 472.) The former doctrine robs Spiritualism of one of its boasts, viz, that it is the great answer to materialism, that man has a future existence in another world. The second doctrine is quite in harmony with the ethical system of the Spiritualists, and smacks of immorality. Passing on from the Parker deliverance, Mr Curtis attempts to bolster up his doctrine of the "materiality of thought” by a reference to a volume, of the London Dialectical Society, C. F. Varley, C.E, F R.S, is referred to as saying “ Everything is solid in respect to some thing, and that nothing is solid in respect to all things, and therefore thought, which is power, may be in some sort solid.” That is to say material. This is, of course, as the reader will see, Mr Varley’s “inference." And the inference amounts to a “ may be." Just so Then it “ may not be,” and where are we then ? But thought may be in some sort "solid." Exactly !. Then as solids have length, breadth thickness and. weight, we may have on 11 this theory ” Square thoughts,.wedge-shaped thoughts, triangular thoughts, long thoughts, short thoughts, thick thoughts, and (Kin thoughts, a whole. thought, or the lOOtbor 10,000tb'part of a thought. . Aud this is Spiritualistic ".science,” And, therefore cm . the authority of Yarley’s * 1 may be ” we are to, burn bur. Locke, fling our Held into the gutter, and forswear Sir W. Hamilton, as well as, do violence to our mental consciousness. Exactly. It is Important to know whore .these Spiritists would lead us, and hero we have a most. re*, freshing view of their, mental philosophy—a philosophy too gross by far for Bedlam. But, stop 1 Mr Curtis himself has had a chat with. ” a ” spirit// This .spirit assumes the editorial style, br/elsd speaks ns the mouthpiece of those, scientific spirits . that, are going to enable James, Curtis and. bis friends, to put the; world right'on. the question ,of science ns well as of morals. S*y on then, “Diakka**:—.. “We. do not. come to force our convictions on you. We have . already told you that thought itself is material. ...Then, if thought is material, in what 'wny ; do you think it im* possiblefor us to handle'that—- to us, mind you—-material spmethibg, ; and reproduce s it upon glass, the wall, paper, Vor any other aufa-, stance ? .Tou rpight as well affirm that shadow is bob real but subjectivej.yet your photo-, graphers Can nes it, andciuso the - shadow, re-; fleeted /upon a sensitised plate to become ob jective and permanent.” This charming spirit Is anxious to show , that thought is material.. The ghostly' preceptor does ppt condescend to prove . . the point* 'This * kind, /teacher - just affirms: it. -Then, “if/, thought is, material,; what handling". ir. ; Just:so, “if” ;it is material, What an .‘/if*’,?, If the moon* was made, of green cheese, wouldn’t It be green ? If one could pick up /a wheel- , barrow .full- of ..quartz Boulders • and. turn them Into gold, how eobu-onercould get >iicb. '“If; wishes were horses, How beggars would ride ?” Oh, this/* if!” Since the “if“ ia tha .thing for Mr Curtis and his guides to prove, I* presume we shall have to/* bide a/wee 1 ’ before thought is •reproduced upon wallpaper. • I •hope Mr Cprfisrwijivnot tuil to duly Inform /the world.of the wonderful achievement. • Of course, it will.'Be.done, for.says 'the Spirit, “.You might as well affirm that shadow is not real;(?), but enbjective/,yet your photographers can use it, and cause the/shadow,reflected on’ a sensitised plate'to jbecqme objective and permanent. We haveah impression .that ulti mately/* (fee/‘Here’* we have more'science'and not a little sophistry. How neatly/for example, the word “ real” is made to do for the word *‘ma , enal/*;”A very .clumsy device, surely. A thing may be “ real" and yet not “material" I presume it will, he a new idea for photographers that it is the "shadow” they fix on a senaitised plate. This spirit does not know that the sHsidojv la simply nothing but the absence 1 of light. It is not .shadow, but reflected light,' that 0 affects the sensitised plate in my humble opinion; but l am open to cor rection. Mr Curtis has found that one inven- ; tiqp'is~due tb fcbe nid of departed spirits. do, hot/accept it, however, as f there is no reference to spirits'at all'in the-Edison case alluded to. But, Sir, ; I affirm that, the scientific/absurdities of Spiritual ism are only 'as the Ismail dust of the balance 'compared; with the grave charge of gross immorality that may be brought against its .ethical system.• This.is where the real danger of the “ cult ” Hies, and it is on this ground that all clean people should denounce it, ; Listen -to iwhati'one of its own- advocates has felt constrained to; say of it;—“ There is t bo retrogression' through moral disorders either of tbs. individual, or species; vice is virtue in its'unprogressed or germinal, condition; sin is no Impossible chimera; there • is ' no marriage as a natural *laWi-but polygamy or bigamy are as'/’orderly "as- the' monogamic tie. The marital tie is the result of natural affinity and where two are legally conjoined and the wandering inclinations of either rove to another object, the new attraction becomes the lawful husband of the lawful wife.”— T. L.' Harris, London, 1868. In Gridley’s “ Chapter on ' Celestial Marriages,” p.p, 171 and 172, after stating that sexual commerce exists in the spirit world, that it is of the all things -in-common style, goes on to say that “ the same liberty will ere long be given to men on earth" Once again; let me say that I separate the system from its devotees, but I do think that those adherents of the system who have any respect for their characters those of their children, and who despite the respect of the decent portion of the community should come out publicly from, this seething cesspool of immorality, and have no more to 'do with the “ unclean thing !" On ethical grounds, alone, the highest that can be taken, Spiritualism judged by its literature, stands self convicted and self-condemned. In concluding this correspondence permit me to say that I have taken the pains to try and ascertain the numerical strength of the system. The numbers have, been stated in Ballarat papers at 40 millions! From the Statesmans Year-book for 1881, I learn that, there are but 95 congregations of Spiritualists in the United States of America, 22 religious edifices with 6970 sittings, while the Methodists have 25,278 congregations, 21,337 religious edifices, with 6,528,209 sittings. On a careful examination of the statistics of all civilised nations I find there is very little room for Spiritualist probably not for more than 50,000. What then becomes of the 40,000/000 boasted of ? I will engage, Sir, to hand you £10 for bur local charities if James Curtis will produce reliable' statistics showing that there are 5,000,000 believers in the “cult" to say nothing of the other, 35,000,000. But it will be said, perhaps, they don't return themselves as Spiritualists. If be, what arrant hypocrisy, to lurk under ,the respectability of. the Christian name to escape the public odium attaching to their detestably Immoral and anti-social doctrines! One word more! It is said there are good and had among all. So says “Theosoph!" But, Sir Spiritualistic writers preach immorality, Christians do not; there is the difference,and it is immense. Yours &c;, ENQUIRER 