Crumbs. Quoits. Cricket. Rehearsal. Surprise Party. "Grasshopper." Four new lawyers fledged. The Grasshopper" to-night. Victoria 41 has a Pipeolay Club. Lord Byron was a tobaooo-chewer. A wee fire at Hind marsh yesterday. * We lost 187 persons last week by water. Naval engagement off the ooast of HaytL The British Admiral has arrived at-Canton. Tbe Kelson's men were at work yesterday. Intercolonial cricket matoh here February 22. Franoe will have an Anamese war on hand also. A Technical College has been opened in 8ydney, Wars rises an boor earlier than Jupiter to-night The Marquis of Normonby leaves tomorrow. The Cuzco leaves Melbourne this morning for London. Lcfevre's Peninsula 1B to have more school accommodation. The Marquis of Normanby went to Saddleworth yesterday. Ireland is said to be the skeleton in the British cupboard. Mr. Downer was one of the Press excluders at the Convention. The Messageries steamer Natal sails for La belle France to-day. A gang of burglars has been broken up by tbe police at Grafton. The Nelson's Christy Minstrels drew a good house at Glenclg. New South Wales Loan to be floated to-day for £3,000,000. Sun rose 4.44, sets 7.9. Moon will rise 8.G p.m., and set 5.39 a.m. St Andrew's Young Men's Society read ghost stories last night. The Royal Humane Society of Australasia is what it is now called. A case of attempted murder waa heard in Port Augusta yesterday. Mr. Bachanan as a hero of loyalty is something tomake Momus weep, Edin Park Cricket Club entertainment fairly Euccesefal at Norwood. Earl Rosebery is impressed with the boundless future of Australia. Excees of births over deaths, 61. In thfe district the excess was only L The New South Wales Assembly has had a continnonB session of 30 hours. The Albert Bells are to be rung on Christmas Eve and New Year's Day. The Hospital's out-door patients' hours are to be changed to the afternoon. The French are bombarding the Malagasy towns on the ooast of Madagascar. Railway servants said to be oontinuaily uncivil and rude, especially to ladies. An old miner fell down a shaft, broke his leg, and then crawled a mile for help. In Brisbane the Christmas holidays will extend from Saturday to Thursday. Two ladies at the Melbourne University have taken first-class honours in Arts. The Birksgate arrived yesterday from Sydney with a large load of passengers. The Lachlan Islands have been suffering from the depredations of the white man. The Adelaide topeawyers will reoogniso their long-lost relative as the Grasshopper. Egyptian Premier thinks Turkey or England ought to maintain peace in the Soudan. Coon an, the man who accidentally shot the Sydney barmaid, was a chronic revolver thief. Cape loan will probably not be floated. Some day it may be so with us if we are not careful. C^j Titles Office Board in Melbourne report things in the Department as being in a mixed condition. When both parties to a lawsuit are right when they go into Court one must come out wronged. The Earl of Rosebery might run over and look at us instead of tarrying in the Victorian capital. A " Dean" of London proposes locks for Port Adelaide; there are plenty of quays there already. The Touchstone is the name of a new pai>er which is to give instruction in knife- cleaning and astronomy. The Chess'match between Adelaide and Port Augusta is progressing slowly, after the manner of chess matches. The adherents of the Government in New South Wales took blankets into the House to camp out there if necessary. Mr. Service says Sir John Robertson is "somewhat antiquated." He is certainly getting to be valuable as a relic. Miss Emily Chappeli, daughter of the wellknown music publisher, has been married to Mr. Calley, of the 1st Life Guards. Mrs. Blunt has found no reason for special merit in writing a book on the progress of Poverty or the Poverty in Progress. What with local option in drinking and deputations as to eating, what is a poor fellow going to do soon on a Sunday? Wallaroo people complain that only four shillings is paid for wheat there, while a halfpenny more is paid six miles inland. The exemplary conduct of the British troops in Egypt has caused the natives to look upon them as saviours instead of conquerors. Mr. Ellery, of Victoria, thinks vapour is the cause of the red suusots, but does not volunteer to go up and tind out anything about it A "distinguished visitor" to Ballarut recently levanted. Even a hairdresser is not without social position save in his own country. Williamson has put a stop to an inferior Company performing " La Mascotte" in Brisbane, as he holds the Australian right to the piece. The chiefs of the various tribe* in New Guinea should hold a Convention regarding the possible attempt by Victoria to annex Riverina. The hairdressers of London, whose greatest aim in life is to appear at a benefit at the Oxford or Canterbury, all sing comic songs more or less well. ThesuieBtway for Buchanan, McElhone, and Cameron to kill the Convention in the N.S.VV. Legislature would be for them to praise its decisions. London Standard thinks the rapid borrowing of New South Wales indicates bad management, or a need for money not likely to improve its credit. The Ballarat ^Church of England Bishop says that in England he pre&chod; 200 sermons, held 70 meetings, and received contributions from 500 individuals. Mr. Pollard being dead, tie Juvenile Troupe which he took with him from Australia are ia India* and their parents are wondering how they will return. The fjjarl's toast at the St. Andrew's Society Sydney banquet given to him was " St Andrew's Cross and the Southern Cross—St. Andrew's beneath the Southern Cross." A watch been invented which is impervious to water, so that if you get drowned your watch will not stop, but, like Baron Tennyson's brook, will go running on for ever. Moonta, led by one of itB shining'educational luminaries, has .been indulging in a wild, delirious dream of dissipation in the shape of concerts and tea fights. Where is the Salvation Army ? The American President has as ma oh to do with shaping the policy of America as Governor Robinson has to do with shaping the policy of the prayers which clergymen deliver on Sunday in Timbuctoo. E)Mr. Downer's eloquence so great after dinner at the Melbourne banquet that a Victorian was roused (also after dinner) (to such a pitch of enthusiasm as to call for three cheers for the Premier of Queensland^ Why is it that in Conventions, if any doubtful resolution is tabled, South Australia is always the colony who furnishes the representative to do it f Is it ignoraace or inexperience that makes us the catspaw ? Two-tliirds of tbe opposition to the Sydney Convention is caused by its deliberations being conducted in secret. People naturally concluded therfi was an attempt Ito do something mysterious, and viewed it with suspicion. 