ABE WALLAC'S LOVK, AFTER BEET BABTE. 'What's er matter wid yer*' demanded Abe Wallace, with a not unnatural petulance under the circumstances. ' What er ye lingern* around that visage er mine for ? Can't yer rasp that countenance T' Obviously be couldn't. For nearly an hour he had strapped his razors and moved diligently, but barber though he was of a thousand, barber extraordary to Leaping Antelope Run, he seemed to make n i headway against A^p's bristling badge of ' If yerraabrs won't cut, shoot e'ra oL Ye'ar me! shoot 'pm off.' And tbe handsome, sun burned miner composed himself for the novel operation.' ' Is tbe barber at home ?' asked a low, sweet, musical voice, entering the door at that He started. Xo yellow water cuaaiag from his pan had ever looked as eweetto him as that voice. It percolated him. aud he arose from the chair a new man. The rough life passed away from him. The crust formed by this habits and hardened by the surroundings was broken. ** Permit me, madam, to assure yon that this individual before you ia the barber, ' said Abe and new dignity sat easily opon him and seemed a part of him. ' I am on my from Boston to the Sandwich Islands,' said the young girl, quietly, 'and our carriage broke down. I thought I would improve the opportunity and have my hair banged. Oh 1 no, no,' she exclaimed as Abe gallantly drew forth a thousand-dollar qu the New York. ' Not for tbe world. I've six millions of dollars, not only in my own right. but in my pocket. I will pay for any service.' As the barber proceeded with the task, Abe walked the shop nervously. A presage of denger oppressed him. The chestnut curls on his forehead grew damp with anxiety. He knew life, id hie rough way, and be knew barbers. The fair yoaog girl would be no match for the frontier hairdresser, if the worst should come. And why should it not come ? Had she not million* in her pocket 1 He glanced at tiny feet planted squarely and firmly on the stool before her, aud recognised character. He knew nothing of Boston but he understand f eet. ** And do you Ii#e in this funny place, te be,' aaked the girt, smiling at Abe'a reflection in the glass. ' Ido, 'sighted Abe. *Misfnrtuneshavecase my bark of life high upon this barren shores and le.ft me with only the shelter the sea-weed, afford,' *' Te be ; how odd. Oncfa !' But Abe grasped him and laid him upon the floor. The barber had mtde a dive for the dainty pocket and had failed. Leaping Antelope Run was aroused. Such an attack found no apologists among the wild, rough miners. Whatever they might be inherently, they would tolerate nothing of tbe kind in tbe barber. ' Away to the dull thud !' demanded one more intelligent than the rest. And they echoed the cry till the moonlit air was shivered, and the beams crept away convulsively. They may have expected him to beg, bat he eyed them sternly. ' Oh my ! what will they do with him f ' asked the beauty with one eye. She had no need t o speak. The thrill of that eye struck a chord in Aoe Wallace. ** Tbey TI1 sprain his neck, darling,' murmured Wallace in tender accents. This feeling was new to him, but he understood it. ' Gracious ! and may I gee him ?' whispered she with the other eye. Abe'sanswer waslost in tbe sullen roar of the Out under the grand old tree that fringed the mines ; out under tbe whisper of the leaves out through the shadows. The winds swept down from the Sirras -, velvet winds bat pitiless. They shook eweet voices oat of their satin garments, but not a pleading tone for that human barber, soon to be neither barber nor The rope was around his neck. Witling hands were ready. A cloud floated across the face of the the moon, but she struggled from behind it, held by the horror of scene. ' Hold :' commanded Abe. And then addressing the barber, he asked, ' You are justice of the peace, are you not?' ' I am,' responded the condemend in low, steady tones. 'Then marry us,' said Wallace, drawing the Boston girl's arm within his own. ** You do takefthis woman for wedded wife,' asked the barber, with a strange glitter in his eye. ' I do,' responded Abe. ' Yon do take this man for your wedded husband ?' inquired tbe barber, with a pecular smile. *'Te, he ; I suppose bo, te, he !' whispered the musical voice. ' Then I pronounce you man and wife. Go to the deviL' The rope tightened, but as be went up the barber uttered a wild, demoniac laugh. Then with tbe shadow of the Sierras gather ing around him, be hung dead. Try as he might, Abe could not shake off the influence of that laugh. It was a ghost in his life. ' My God !' he ^rrvmmoA, as he sprang from bis seat a day or two afterwards. ' I under stand it now.'1 ' Understand what, love *' aBked his beautiful bride, looking up from the bite of an apple. ' I know why he laughed. I know why the barber laughed with his dying breath,' he moaned. '* Gracious goodness I What was it for ?' _^ -' Because he died without giving us a marriage certificate.' / With a wild shriek the Boston girl sank dead at his feet. f The barber was avenged. De very man dat tells yer dat? clothes doAU1 make de sun is de one what loots te, see how yer's dressed. Teee done dis myself. He— 'Good-by, Miss Smith; I'm sorry. I have to leave so soon.'1 She — 'I'm very 8orry- too ; bat still ' parting is such eweet Londos Troth says that donkey is infinitely better eating than beef or mutton, 'There are, however, a good many persons who could not eat donkey without exposing themselves to the charge of cannibalism,' says tbe Cldcago A celebrated singer. Mine. Le Rochts, was girintr a younger companion in the art some iustrnctiou in the tragic character of '* Medea, which she was about to sustain. ' Inspire v--arself with the situation,' said she. ' Fancy yourself in the poor woman's place. ' If you were deserted by a lover whom you i adored, what would you do ?' The reply was j as unexpected as it was ingenious : ** I would i look oat for another.' ' Ac«}rniis« Cheek.. — A young man applied ' to the junior partner of a New York dry goods you had any experience in the business?'1 asked . the member of the firm. ** E have not.' 'Did ' yon ever travel mueh 7' ' Never.' ' Do you intend to foil aw the dry goods trade as a regular vocation ?' I do not.' ' Why do yon cause I expect to be a candidate for the Presidency one of these days and I want to acquire all the * cheek' I can get.' j Oaniel's F.\e.m . — ' Just given my boy Daniel a farm up near Middletown, ' he traiu the other day. ' Is that so ? Well you do the fair thin*; by your boys.' 'Y-e-s, I that's his only failing. As an incentive for , him to buck in and make tbe chips fly. I took \ a. mortgage back on the farm for two-thirds its : value. Daniel has got to git np and hnrap or J 111 foreclose on him.' j ' Mr. John B. Goodwyn' (says an . American paper) *' brought to our office some I black duck eggs. Careless of George Wash- \ ington's hatchet lesaoo, he asserts that his - lucks have been in the habit of laying colon red I eggs for aeveral years ; some of them are black UMne drab, and some pals blue. The ducks have not yet attained to perfection in the colouring art as die colours are easily rubbed it' j 