UNSALTED RAILROAD HANDS. There is nothing that the railroad boys like any better than to play a joke (on a new train-hand. If a new hand takes hold of his duties with a willing spirit, and does not seem to expect to be promoted to general superintendent the first week, the boys con fine themselves to innocent jokes, like send ing him to the caboose after a coupling-pin or link, which has been heated in the stove. and laid in the corner of the car. He picks it up, and then drops it. But if the new hand is unsalted, and .shows that it is only a matter of time when he is going to own the road, they lay for him, and before they get through teaching him he feels small, and is willing to admit that there are others that are worthy of passing notice. Not long ago a new hand was put on a way freight that ruus west from Milwaukee, and the old hands could see at once that he was going to be meat for them. He wore an imitation seal-skia cap, with coon-skin ear laps, and a Prince Albert coat with a middle button buttoned. On the coldest day he would not wear an overcoat because it would cover his Prince Albert, and he had the air of a crushed tragedian. He seemed above his business, and the little education he had was constantly obtruded upon the boys in the caboose. After two or three trips the boys decided on a plan of action. They carried their meals in tin pails, and would get m the caboose when the train was side tracked, to eat, and they began to grumble because they could not have the trains run so they could strike an eating- house at the hours for meals. They argued the question, and the conductor said he believed tbat, if a good, smart railroad employe should be appointed to go and present the case before the general manager, he would order the freight trains to run so they could get a warm meal, by connecting with eating houses. But the conductor said there was no freight- train man that had the intelli gence, or the prepossessing appearance necessary for the task. He said the old man liked to havd the boys show spirit, and yet there were few that dare go up to him and make a demand. What was wanted was a man who was not afraid to make a demand and insist on its being granted. This was meat for the fresh brakeuian. He said, if the boys said so, he would go to the manager and take his scalp. So the boys drew up a paper demanding that all freight trains should be run on schedule time to connect with eating-houses at meal-times. The boys posted some of the fellows here in town, and they fell in. They secured the suite of rooms of one of the superintendents in the city, and put a sign on the door of one of the rooms, Tvith the name of the general manager of the road, and marked it ' private.' Then they got a sixfoot brake man from another division to personate the general manager, and the conductor of the freight piloted the fresh brakeman into the front room, where a dozen who were in the secret were sitting around, apparently busy, as clerks, &c.; The eonductor said he would only go to the front room, as he would not meet the general manager for a thousand dollars. The fresh brakeman said he was not afraid of any man on earth, and he would go in. He went in and walked up to the supposed 'general manager, and that personage, who was busy, said : — ' What in ? do you want ? ' ' We]l,'*Vai£l the brakeman, ' what we want is to have freight- trains run so we can get our meals at eating-houses. And, by the eternal, we are going to have them run that way, or ' ? He never finished. The general manager got up and pulled off his coat, and took the fresh brakeman by the neck and the pants, and carried him to an open window that looked out on the alley three stories below, and was going to throw him out, but he begged so that the manager relented. 'Then he took the brakeman across his knee, and picking up a fire-shovel, he spanked him, and the fellow yelled till he was hoarse. Then he let go of him and gave him one kick, and the door opened, and he came out whero the other boys were, the scaredest man that ever lived. His conductor stopped him and said : 'Well, how did it work ? ' ' Mighty Ctesar ! ' said the brakeman, as he started for the outside door, 'let's get out of here. I will eat out of a tin pail, or a skimmer, or a trough, if I can get out of sight of that man. He is bad.' The fresh bralieman is still on the road, but he docs not talk much with his mouth any more. — Argonaut. — ss ,- The travelling altar of the Emperor of Austria is taken on all long journeys when ever a court-chaplain is in the suite. This altar dates from the time of the Emperor Rudolf II. Ferdinand I said his prayers before it, and it accompanied the Emperor Joseph I in the Turkish wars, and also the present Emperor's brother, the Archduke Ferdinand Max, on his ill-fated journey to Mexico. The altar consists of a strong wooden case with iron fastenings. The cover shows a picture of the Lord's supper. When opened, the two sides are turned up . to give the altar due length, and four feet which are hidden in the case are lowered. The consecrated altar stone is then put in the middle of the mensa ; the three altar cloths are laid on, aud the cross and wax lights are fixed. The altar accompanied the present Emperor on his journey to Jerusalem in 1809, and to the opening of the Suez Canal. Dr. Beda Dudik, travel ling chaplain and historiographer, read mass before this altar on the open sea. The following anecdote is. told of two of America's self-made men : — Senator Beck came to the United States a poor Scotch boy, and worked on the same farm in Liv ingstone County, New York, that Secretary Teller worked upou. When they met in the Senate, Beck said— 'Well, Henry, when we used to drive old Brown's oxen we never expected to meet in the United States Senate.' 'No, Jim,' said Teller; 'we didn't know there was such a place.' Concerning the operation of woman suffrage in Wyoming territory (U.S.), the Laramie Sentinel says : — ' A smaller per centage of women than men stay away from the polls . they are less persistent office seekers than the men, but when elected to office they have in every case done their duty satisfactorily ; they are accorded entire liberty of action — frequently a wife votes in opposition to her husband, and it has even happened that wives have worked and voted for one ticket when their husbands were candidates on the other.' / Mr. Goschen on the 'Purchasing Power of Gold.' — At the Institute of Bankers, on April 18, Mr. Goschen stated that Germany, Italy, the United States, and Holland had between them absorbed about £200,000,000 for the purposes of their new gold curren cies. Now £200,000,000 is equal to 10 years' supply of gold afc the rate of £20,000,000 per annum, which has been its average rate of production for the last 30 years ; and as, according to the best estimates, £10,000,000 per annum has been required for the supply of the arts and manufactures, it follows that for the pur pose of currency 20 years' supply has been absorbed by this extraordinary demand of £200,000,000 for the new coinage of the countries named. It was next demon strated that the prices of almost all com modities had fallen in the last ten years. The constitutent3 of the free breakfast table ail show a great fall. So do wheat, rice, iron, lead, copper, wool, cotton, coals, paper, timber, and many other articles. On the other hand tobacco, spirits, and beer have not fallen in price, and meat has remained exceedingly high. The poor man has clearly been greatly benefited by the ''change. His bread and his tea, his coals, his clothes, and his gas are all cheaper than they were, and his wages are on the average certainly not lower. But there are counterbalancing circumstances ; the stand ard of living has riseu very decidedly, and neither puor nor rich are . content with the food or clothes which satisfied them ten years ago.' Mr. Goschen enumerated four causes which may help to account for this fall of prices : — 1. Tne greatly increased facility of communication, the opening of the Suez Canal, aud the telegraph. 2. The disappearance — or at all events the diminution — of the class of middlemen or agents, whose intermediate profits have in many cases vanished. 8. The great diminution in speculation. 4. The larger amount of the world's crops. From what ever cause, he contended that indubitably the purchasing power of gold has of late years largely increased. Happy it is for those who have sovereigns, unhappy they who have stocks of commodities unsold. Howj then, will the fall of prices affect the various classes of the community and the community at large ? The landholder gains, but then, it was significantly added, his interest may be reduced. Mortgagees are in a favoured position, and so are railway companies unless they are obliged to reduce their fares. Above all men the ground landlord is in a charming position, as he will go on receiving year after year a fixed amount of sovereigns whose value will be continually increasing. On the whole the lecturer's conclusions were decidedly reas suring. Low prices are necessarily no sign of want of property in a country. While a great reduction is being effected in prices, the state of things may be for a time deplor able. But a country may thrive just as well with a small supply of gold as with a large one. The period of difficulty will be transitional, and when the new level of prices is reached commerce will flourish precisely as before. In the discussion which ensued, an interesting questionjirose as to whether the average income »of a clerk in the Bank of Eugland, which is, it appears, £250 per annum, enables a ma-Q to live more comfortably now than he could do ten years ago. Mr. Giffen justified the lecturer for selecting the year 1873 for comparison as to prices with the preseut year, on the ground that periods of inflation generally come at intervals of about ten j'ears. Hop-Growing in Victoria. — Not many years since a Beech worth publican, Mr. Rogers, had a few hop-vines growing in his back garden. He persuaded one of his friends, Mr. Hendry, on the Ovens Biver, to commence the formation of hop-gardens. This was the small begining of hopculti vation in this district. Since then the in dustry has steadily progressed, and we hear recently of one of these fortunate followers of good counsel having sold a moiety of his crop in Melbourne at 8/9 per lb., receiving in return a substantial cheque for over £4000. The failure of the Kentish hop crop has proved the proverbial ill wind. We don't know whether the hop-growers of Victoria are getting rich beyond the dreams of avarice ; but they are doing remarkably well. — Federal Australian. An Angry Tree. — The following sensa tional description of an angry tree recently appeared in the Times :? — A singular species of acacia is growing at Virginia, Nevada, which shows all the characteristics of a sensitive plant. It is about eight feet high, and growing rapidly. When the sun sets its leaves fold together, and the ends of the twigs coil up like a pigtail, aud if the latter are handled there is evident uneasiness throughout the plant. Its highest state of agitation was reached when the tree was removed from the pot in which it was matured into a larger one. To use the gardener's expression, it went very mad. It had scarcely been placed in its new quarters before the leaves began to stand up in all directions like the hair on the tail of an angry cat, and soon the whole plant was in a quiver. At the same time it gave out a most sickening odour resembling that of rattlesnakes when teased. The smell so filled the house that it was necessary to open the- doors and windows, and it was a full hour before the plant calmed down and folded its leaves in peace. Taking it Easy.— Mr. O'Eafferfcy has a boy named Mike that for laziness cannot be beaten. This assertion is not abso lutely correct, however, for he is beaten for laziness every day by the 'old man. After one of these sad scenes between parent and child, Mike remarked, dismally, ' I persave that there is no plazin' of yez. It is wishiu' I was dead I am.' ' It is loike yourself,' retorted the father, 'to be wishin' ye was stretched in an expinsive and convaynient coffin, takin' it asy for the rest of yer life.' — Texas Sif tings. A species of wild potato has been dis covered on the table lands of south-western Arizona, in latitudes of 8000 to 12,000 feet, which is spoken of as superior in taste and flavour to the best cultivated potatoes. Ex periments in the cultivation of the plant are being made in the State Agricultural School of California. Read this advertisement and then deny there is room on earth for genius. Among the 'wanted,' in several Berlin newspapers is : 'A person capable of building flea carriages and accustomed to harnessing fleas to them.' Mr. Gladstone's Oratory. — Of Mr. Glad stone's great speech on the Affirmation Bili the Pall Mall Gazette of April 27 observes : ' It is natural to say of a great orator on any occasion when he has deeply moved his hearers that he has surpassed himself, aud that his last effort is Iris- finest. Yet we can hardly be mistaken in thinking that Mr. Gladstone's speech last night rose to a height that has not been rivalled in the parliamentary eloquence of our generation. Mr. Disraeli was capable of picturesque references that delighted the fancy, and occasionally of semi- moral strokes that were both impressive and luminous. Macaulay, who, as a good critic has recently been showing us, was greater as a master of oratorical than of literary stylo, swept his audience away in a vehement stream of vigorous reasoning, copious knowledge, and flashing illustrations. Mr. Bright knows how to strike a moral chord with pathos and simplicity that are more effective than the most consummate art. But Mr. Glad stone's performance last night exhibited a striking union of the moral dignity that makes the success of one kind of oratory with the intellectual force that marks another — a mixture of argumentative subtlety with ethical glow; all the dex terity of a trained dialectician of the first order, with all the fervour that belongs to great teachers. It was no wonder that the thronged house was held captive by so magnificent and so unique a display. A speech is much besides words ; one might almost say, without excess of paradox, that on some occasions words are the least part of a speech. The force of what was said was here backed by and heightened by the personality of the speaker, by his great position, byjbis strong authority over the country, by^ne^ special relation of his own deepest convictions to the task that un welcome circumstances had imposed upon him. Mining with Lime. — The new method of mining coal by breaking down with com pressed lime, which was first spoken of last summer, has now passed beyond the experi mental stage, and its utility has been de monstrated beyond question. The operation consists in drilling shot-holes in the roof of the coal, into which cartridges of specially prepared limestone are introduced. By forcing water on to the limestone steam is generated, and this, with the expansive force of the lime, completes the work of dis integration. The advantages of this method of coal-mining are that the risk and dangers which inevitably accompany the use of gun powder or dynamite are abolished, and that the coal is obtained in large masses, thus saving the waste incurred by blasting with explosives. As is well known, coal, when broken small, is deteriorated in usefulness and price by upwards of forty per cent. ; but much of this waste is saved under the new system, as a much greater proportion of the product is large coal. Where the miners are paid according to the large coal they mine, the new invention will increase their income without altering the rate of wages. It is thus an invention that is likely to produce good results, mechanical and social. — American paper. General Footer, United Stated minister to Corea, who has recently returned from a mission to Panama, where he inspected the canal, says that a considerable amount of work has been done. The surface of the ground on the line of the canal has been removed from ocean to ocean. The com pany has a large number of digging machines at work, and the earth is being rapidly cut away. The workmen are princi pally Jamaica negroes, and there has been much sickness and rnoitality among them. The antipodes are to be disappointed as regards Mrs. Langtry, if disappointment it can be called. That attractive lady pro poses, it is said, to remain in America till the ' fall,' and then return to England without going on to Australia. Whether she will visit the colonies later on or not will depend on whether or not she continues on the stage. Another well-known actress has, however, accepted an engagement in Australia. This is Miss Genevieve Ward, who has scored such a success in London, and indeed, throughout England, by her impersonation of Forget-me-Not. Miss Ward, who is really a Russian countess, has earned a deservedly high reputation on the stage. Although not much known out side 'Forget-me-Not,' she has played Portia and other Shakespearian parts with great effect, and she is just now making the most of the heroine in Mr. Hamilton Aide's 'Great Catch,' a not entirely satisfactory play, the hero of which is a successful colonist. Miss Genevieve Ward's present intention is to go first to the United States, of which she is a native, and where she has already ' starred it ' with ' Forget- me-Not,' and after playing in all the principal cities, to take ship at San Francisco for Sydney. The splendid palace of the Corsiui in the Trastevere has been sold by the owner, Prince Tomasso Corsini, who resides at Florence, to the Roman municipality for the sum of two millions and a-half of francs. The noble library will always be open to the public, and the extensive grounds will form a botanical garden. The price given is considered a low one, but the situ ation of the palace is not healthy. The first number of the first Chinese newspaper ever published in New York made its appearance recently. Mr. Wong Chin Foo is the editor-in-chief. The Chinese American is a four-page weekly paper. The matter it will contain is to be written or se lected by Mr. Wong Chin Foo, who will dictate it to a Chinese scribe. He in turn will print a part of it with India ink and a pointed stick upon sheets of paper, from which it will be photographed and then printed from the stone in the shape in which it is to appear. There are in New York 8000 Chinamen, 900 laundries, and thirty Chinese groceries. The manufacture of macaroni and ver micelli is assuming large dimensions in California. A peculiar kind of wheat is used that is grown on the islands of Sacra mento River from seed imported from Italy. About 10,000 sacks of this wheat are used every year. Some 30,000 boxes of macaroni are consumed annually in the states and territories west of the Rocky Mountains, exclusive of the city of San Francisco, which uses 25,000 boxes 'more. Over 15,000 boxes go to Mexico, Australia, Central America, China, and Sandwich and South Sea Islands. Alaska calls for 10,000 pounds, and some is sent even to Siberia. The Nationalisation of the Land is a question which is coming to the front, but is at present but vaguely understood. Some would buy up all private estates, others would be content with only ceasing to sell crown lands, and adopting the perpetual leasing system, which is already one of the forms in which land can be obtained from the state. The experiment is about to bo tried in Otago on a considerable scale. The land is to be let for 30 years at 5 per cent. on it3 present value, with conditions as to perpetual renewal at a fresh valuation when the term expires. It will take time to familiarise our agricultural population with this system, which is only popular with theorists. There is something to be said in its favour, as in a measure it secures the unearned increment to the state ; but thirty years is too long a term in a young colony without revision of rental. — Correspondent Federal Australian. Still Ahead. — Smith Washington, an aged coloured African, whitewashed the fence of an Austin banker for a dollar and a quarter, which the banker paid him in Mexican quarters at par. Several days rolled away into eternity before Smith Washing ton had occasion to put one of those Mexi can quarters into circulation, but when he attempted to do so he was shocked at the twenty per cent, discount. His feelings were hurt, too. He lifted up his voice and said : ' Jess ter think ob a banker, in whom I had ebery confidence in de world, beating me out ob a quarter ob a dollar. I 'lowed he was an honest man. I hadn't orter tuck de job in the fust place,' and then he added more cheerfully : ' But ef I hadn't tuck de job to whitewash de fence I never would hab found out whar de chickens roosted, and as I sold four dollars' wuff ob chickens next morning, de bank hain't cotched up wid me yet.' — Texas Sittings. 'The rough' seems to be 'a-growing and a-blowing' with the spring flowers. Whatever punishment is accorded to him (and indeed it is slight enough, unless he robs his victim as well as jumps upon him) he announces his intention of doing ' on his head.' He is powerful and very merry. Why should not these thews and sinews, and this regard of other people's pain, be utilised for the benefit of the state, instead of, as now, being the source of misery to his fellow-citizens ? Why not form a ruffian regiment, well officered by persons who understand such gentry ? Let this be always first on the rota for foreign service — that is for fighting. Opportunities would thus be afforded to those who had really any good in them for distinguishing them selves, and if the rest were extinguished it would not be a national loss. — London Town Talk. A ghost of the past, Henry Russell, still walks London. How many people who heard him a quarter of a century ago sing ing A Life on the Ocean Wave and other of his own ditties would suppose he is yet alive ? But he is, and very much so, being one of the heartiest and jolliest companions anywhere to be met with. What his age is no one is bold enough to guess. But as he sits at the piano and trolls forth some of his old songs, or as he walks the streets with upright figure and sprightly step, no one would take him for more than sixty at the most. He retired from his profession at a moderately early age, having made a substantial fortune, which he invested with more success than professionals usually do. Since then he has lived a happy and contented life, residing for a considerable portion of the year at Boulogne, and some times at Rainsgate. He is now content to live in the growing fame of his son, Clark Russell, who has lived part oi 'a life on the ocean wave ' to some purpose. One of the most remarkable suits ever tried has recently come to an end in Boston. It was brought by Lizzie Gannon, a child of tender years, against Father Fleming, who was called in as her spiritual adviser. The child had two paper dolls or 'angels' to which she attributed a certain supernatural virtue or potency. He took the angels away from her, and she immediately began to suffer in health to such a degree that she brought a suit against Father Fleming for f-000 dol. The judge charged heavily against the plaintiff. Under his instructions the jury returned a verdict of one cent, damages. Some very startling statements as to the great and growing increase of illiteracy in the American republic have been made by the Rev. Joseph Cook of Boston in a pre lude to one of his Monday lectures. He savs : — Five millions of the fifty millions of the population of the United States over ten years of age cannot read ; six and a quarter cannot write. Of the ten millions of voters of the United States one in five cannot write his uame. The nation is now charged with the education of eighteen millions of children and youth. Of these ten and a half millions are enrolled in pub lic and private schools ; but the average attendance is only six millions. Seven aud a half millions, or five- twelfths of the whole are growing up in absolute ignorance of the English alphabet. At the present rate of the increase of the number of children now not attending school there will _ be in ten years more children in the United States out of schools than in them. A railway in Oregon does a profitable business, although a hand-car and push-car or trolly constitutes its entire equipment. The road, which is about five miles long, was formerly used by the Utter Coal Com pany, but upon its suspension a few years ago the engine was taken off, a hand-car substituted, and a lucrative business in goods and passenger traffic started, the charge being 10/5 per ton for goods, and 2/1 each for passengers. The construction of the road is peculiar. Although running across marshe3 aud along hillsides where construction is comparatively easy, it curves like a serpent, and is the only road in existence where a curve is made to pass around a tree stump. A yokel saw this sign in a barber's win dow the other da}7 — ' Boots blacked inside.' He could not for the life of him think why anybody wanted the inside of his boots blackened. The circuit of London underground^ rail will soon be complete. The Fast bit of tunnelling to connect the Mansion House Station with Aldga.te is now being finished, and then trains will be able to run from Aldgate, in Whitechapel, the entire circuit of London to Hammersmith and Richmond, and back again, without change of rail. 