; TRUE GHOST STORIES. ' J "The two ghost stories told (says the London correspondent of tho Liverpool Mercury) by our most eminent anatomist are as romantic in their way as any told by the Psychological Society. When hardly more than a lad at Lancaster, tlie future defender of vivisection was studying for the medical profession, he had a horror of tho ghastly details of the busi ness, which he imagined he could never over come. Ho was cured, sfrango to say," by a fright. Having to tako some medicine on a windy night to Lancaster Castle, he had to pass through tho room tn which he liod token port in dissections. Just as he entered the room with tho basket of mcdicino nuder his arm, tho clouds which hid the moon suddenly ported, a door slammed, and lookiug up, tho future biologist saw what ho thought was an enormous figure in white, with arms outstretched, looking dowh upon him. Ho turned around trembling, and against the wall opposite stood another figure in white. Ho dropped his bosket and ran. The patients in Lancaster Castio got no medicine that night. But when he returned next day and found that ho had been frightened by mortuary sheets, ho braced his nerves up so that he was soon collecting skulls. Ho made a fine set, but for a long time he>could not got on Ethiopian skull. At last a negro died in Lancaster Castle, and tho young doctor got permission to have his head. It was again a windy night when the operation of removing the head was determined upon. But habited in his long cloak, then tho fashion, and pro vided with a bine bag, tho comparative anatomist, soon had tho head safely stowed away. As he left the room in which tho coffin lay, however, the wind slammed the door, caught his cloak, and nearly threw him upon his face. Attempting to recover himself, he lost his hold of tho bag, tho head fell out, rolled with increasing velocity down a flight of Bteps, across a courtyard, and settled itself upon tho node, with ono oye open and tho other shut, in a room where two women shrieked. The professor rushed wildly after it, took no notice of the women, seized tho skull, put it in Ms bag again, and ran from tho Castle. Four or fivo years afterwards ho was attending a dying woman, who colled loudly for a clergyman, to whom she had something to tell. The doctor begged her to tell him, as no clergyman was near enough to be called in time. At leugfch she spoke. "Oh, sir, I had a husband, who was a negro, and, I fear, a bad man. He died, sir, in Lancaster Cn3tlo ; and, oh ! sir, I was standing one day in the rooms when my husband's head came out of tho .floor, and Boomed to ask mo to help him And thon, sir, tho dovil came through the door, snatched up the hood, put it in a bag, and dis appeared beforo I could do anything. And I have never done anything. Oh, sir, what can I do for my poor htmband's soul ? 