LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE OF A CHURCH. Yesterday afternoon the ceremony of laying the foundation stone of St. Matthew's Anglican Church, Long Gully, was performed in the manner peculiar to the usages of the Church of England. There was a large number of spectators present. A raised plat- form was temporarily erected above the base of the front portion of the church, and on this stood, besides the committee of the church, the Revs. Garlick, Cooke, Drewett and Howell, and the hon. Robert Burrowes, who was selected to lay the stone, and Messrs. Stamp and Nicholas, and other prominent members of the Church, be- sides some of the church wardens of All Saints, including the secretary of the vestry, Mr. W.J. Boobier. The proceedings commenced by the choir singing the hymn "The church is one foundation," for which the Rev. Mr. Garlick said -- Dearly in the Lord. It is customary in the erec- tion of all great edifices, to lay with solemnity pricipal stone to represent the foun- dation., or corner stone. In accordance wtih usual custom, we are now assembled to lay the foundation (or corner) stone of a building which is dedicated to the special service of God. Let us then remember how it is written, :Except the Lord build the house their labor is but lost that built it ; except the Lord keep the city, the watchman waketh but in vain;" and let us implore the blessing of Almighty God on this our under- taking. The following reponses were then made:- Minister: The Lord is in His holy temple. People: Let all the earth keep silence before Him. Minister: Behold, saith the Lord, I lay in Zion a chief corner stone, elect, precious, People: He that believeth in Him shall not be confounded. Minister: The stone which the builders re- jected. People: Is become the headstone of the corner. Minister: This is the Lord's doing, People: And it is marvellous in our eyes. Minister: Our help is in the name of the Lord. People: Henceforth, world without end. Minister: Lord hear our prayer. People: And let our cry come unto Thee. The officiating clergyman then read the Lord's prayer, after which the choir sang the 84th Psalm. The clergymen and people then gave expression of their faith in the doctrines of their religion, after which the following scroll was read by the church secretary, Mr. W.H. Nicholas:- "This foundation stone of St. Matthew's Church of England, Long Gully, in the parish of All Saints, Sandhurst, was laid by the honorable Robert Burrowes, M.L.A., on the thirteenth day of June, in the year of our Lord, 1883, in the forty-sixth year of Her Majesty Queen Victoria; in the thirtieth year of the colony of Victoria; and in the seventh year of the episcopal of the Right Reverend James Moorhouse, second Lord Bishop of Melbourne; the Venerable J.C. MacCullagh being archdeacon of Sandhurst; the Rev. John Garlick, incumbent of the parish, and rural dean of Sandhurst and Castlemaine; and Mr. Arthur Joseph Drewett, the assistant minister in charge; the chancellor of the diocese being the honorable Dr. Hearn, M.L.C.; the registrar, the honorable T.T. A'Beckett; architect, W.V. Vahland; builder, C. Millward; committee of the church; Messrs. William Pilgrim, Martin Hansen, Hugh Trzise, William Thomas Exeter, John Beswick, George Pilgrim, Benjamin Corvosso Pentreathe, William Henry Nicholas, Hon. Sec., Richard Roberts Richards, Hon. treasurer." The scroll was thon placed in a bottle, which also contained copies of the most recent dates of the BENDIGO ADVERTISER, Bendigo Independent, Ben- digo Evening News and Church of England Messenger, and on being closely sealed was deposited in a cavity beneath where the foundation stone would lay. The stone, polished on the outer side, and on which was cut "St. Matthew's Church, A.D., 1883", was then lowered, and the Rev. Mr. Garlick called on the hon. Robert Burrowes to declare the stone laid. Mr. Burrowes sdai. - "I lay this foundation (or corner) stone of a church to be called St. Matthew's, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, amen," and I declare this stone well and truly laid. The choir then sang the hymn "This stone to Thee in faith we lay:" The Rev. Mr. Cooke read a prayer, beseeching spiritual aid in the work of the Lord, and vouchsafing obedience to His teachings, after which the Rev. Mr. Garlick announced that it was customary at such ceremonies at the present stage for addresses of an appropriate nature, to be delivered, but on account of the late- ness of the evening it was decided to dis- pense with that portion of the ceremony, as an opportunity would be accorded to gentlemen at the tea meeting, which would subsequently be held. Offerings, however, could be placed on the stone. Mr. Garlick then called on Mr. Burrowes, as the layer of the foundation stone, to address the con- gregation. Mr. Burrowos said—Rev. sirs, and ladies and gentlemen— Allow me to compliment you on your attempt to erect a building here—one of the largest suburbs of the City of Sandhurst—for the purpose of worshipping the Lord. It is a pleasure to me, as your representative, and as a churchman, to see that you have made this attempt, and although it might be said that it was late in the day, it was better late than never. I hope that now you have made a beginning you will stick together, and that the building, the foundation stone of which was laid to-day, will only be a small portion of that church which will be required here in a future time. (Cheers.) It is pleasing to me to observe that you have made such progress. I have taken a great interest in church matters, and I am pleased that I was called upon by your committee to lay this foundation stone, which was a compli- ment any man might be proud of. I hope that your most sanguine anticipations as regards funds will be realised to the highest extent. I will con- clude by thanking the committee and the members of the congregation for the compliment they have to-day paid me. (Cheers.) The choir then sang the hymn, " Lord of hosts, to Thee we raise." The clergymen and congrega- tion then engaged in a prayer of supplication and thanksgiving, and the ceremony terminated. The Ven. Archdeacon M'Cullagh was unable to be present at the beginning of the ceremony, having been called to Melbourne. He, however, ar- rived in by the 4.20 p.m. train, and took part in the concluding portion of the services. The new building, which will face the main road, is situated next to the small edifice which for the past 25 years has been used by the mem- bers at the Anglican Church as a place of worship. The architect is Mr. W. C. Vahland, and the contractors Messrs. C. Millward and J. K. McLean, the contract price being £650. The edifice, which will be of the Gothic order of archi- tecture, and constructed of brick, will be com- pleted in August, the walls at the present time being about half built. Its dimensions will be 50 feet by 30 feet, with 14 feet walls, and height of root 30 feet; and the building will capable of seat- ing about I8O persons. The old building, which in time will be extended, will be used as the Sun- day school. A very handsome silver trowel, manufactured by Mr. Thos. Gaunt, of Melbourne, was presented to Mr. Burrowes as a memento of the occasion. The trowel bore the following inscription :—" Pre- sented to the Honorable Robert Burrowes, M.L.A., on the occasion of laying the foundation stone of St. Matthew's Church, Long Gully, 13th June, 1883." 