A SILENT WITNESS. CHAPTER XXIII. Half-paralysed with horror and amazement, Heath remained for a few minutes motion less, his eyes fixed on the figure of his un welcome, visitor, his parted lips rigid and parched. The apparition of a ghost from the other world could not more completely ' have astonished him ; indeed, at first, he had an idea that the pale and determined face on which he gazed so intently, with its sad bloodless lips, its dark eyes flashing a scornful defiance, was either more or less than mortal. He had never doubted that Anne was dead. When he first met Stud ley, on the captain's return from his futile search after his daughter in Paris, and learned from him of the manner of Anne's disappearance at Boulogne, Heath made -up his mind that she had committed suicide by jmnping from the pier ; her mental power, which he had noticed on one or two occasions as terribly strong, must have been weakened by the horrible scene of which she had been a witness, and the severe illness which she had subsequently under gone ; and to avoid any furtheivmisery and degradation, she had put an end to herself. The captain had not thought' it worth his while to disturb this theory, more especially as he himself believed' in the fact of his daughter's death. That she had not drowned herself from the Boulogne pier he knew, as he had duly received her letter written to o him from Paris, but in that ? letter she had spoken of -the 'burden of life bang, too heavy for her to bear any longer, alone and friendless as she was, and of her having taken measures for finding a place among the nameless dead. The captain had long since got rid of the uncomfortable feeling which the first perusal of these words caused him, and when a chance recollection of his daughter passed across his muddled brain, he thought of her and spoke of her to Heath as one no longer living. She was there, though, upright, stern, and pitiless. As Heath looked at her, the whole scene enacted on that fatal Sunday at Lod donford rose before his mind. Again he saw Anne Studley looking in at the window upon the deed of blood ; again he heard the long low wail which she had uttered before falling senseless on the ground. That accursed vision had not troubled him for months, but it was full upon him now, anjd there was the avenger,- alive and standing before him. It was some time before he could.speak ; when he did, his voice was thick and husky, andxhe scarcely seemed to have his lips at his command. ' What — what has brought you here ? ' he said. - In strong contrast to his hoarse utterance were the clear and ringing tones in which Anne replied. ' Theije is but one motive in the world that could have prompted my coming,' she said, with, her eyes firmly fixed upon him. ' I have a friend who is my one tie to life ; to save her from you I have come hither. You are incredulous, ?I know, as to the existence of such feelings as love and friendship, but you will be able to ??estimate the strength and truth of nay l'pve for this friend by the fact that it has indueed rne to look upon your face again.' Heath had recovered himself a little — a very little — by this time. He knew that the figure before him was not that of a ghost, though it is doubtful whether any visitant from the tomb could have inspired in him greater dread. His usual keen per ception, too, was somewhat blunted by his terror and amazement ;' he did not at first appreciate the stern resolution hidden under Anne's quiet manner, and it was in a bully ing tone that he said ct now that you have plucked up sufficient courage, or overcome your maidenly reserve, or whatever it may be, and looked upon my face again, perhaps you will tell me what you wish me to do.' ' I have heard,' said Anne, in the same calm, clear voice, ff that you are about to be married to Miss Grace Middleham. Such a match would, doubtless, be very advan tageous for you in every point of view, for Miss Middleham has beauty and great wealth ;M)ut much as. you may be interested in her, my love for her transcends anything you can ever feel, and in the exercise of that love I have come to tell you that you must renounce her.' He was steadier now, much steadier, and looked somewhat like his old self, as he said, with a hard scornful smile, ' it is very good of you to come to the point with so much frankness. I must take exception to your estimate of the feelings I may entertain towards Miss Middleham ; .but as regards my interest in her, you speak quite correctly. Also as regards my intention to marry her, and — my determination to carry that in tention into effect.' The smile had faded away ere he came to these last words, which he spoke very de liberately, and with his eyes fixed on his companion. 'Have you counted the cost of such a proceeding, George Heath ? ' said Anne, dropping into a chair, leaning her arm on the desk, and confronting him. ' I have been quiet for so many months that you thought me dead — as indeed I was dead to the world and all in it save one ; while you, relieved of my presence, have been progress ing in the world's favour, so that even now, when you find me before you, you seem unable to realise the position which we hold towards each other. It can be made plain in a very few words,' she added, bending forward. fr If you do not consent to give up your pretensions to Grace Middleham, I will reveal all I know. I will denounce you as a murderer ! ' His face grew pale again, but the scornful smile soon returned to his lips. ' Your education at Hampstead, where I first had V the pleasure of seeing you,' he said, 'evi- dently did not include a study of the law, or you would have known in such cases a wife's evidence cannot be received against her husband ; and I have the honour and the jjleasure of calling you my wife.' He looked hard at her to see the effect of this home-thrust, and was surprised to find how quietly she received it. ' So be it,' she said, leaning back in her chair. 'If that be the case, my point is gained. If you admit me to be your wife, Grace is free, for I conclude that you do not openly propose to commit bigamy.' Heath felt that she had scored a point, and her manner irritated him almost as much as her words. ' Suppose I were to defy you,' he said, ft and to declare that you were not my wife ?' ' In that case,' replied Anne, ' you would throw away the shield which you have just raised for your protection. I should tender my evidence, and it would be. received.' Her coolness, provoked him beyond en durance. ' Curse you !' he said, bringing his hand heavily down upon the table ; 'you may do your worst. I will throw over the whole question of wife or no wife : I will say you are a crazy jade whom no one knows ; and when you accuse me of having made away with Walter Danby — and you will be asked for evidence, which you will find remarkably difficult to supply — what trace has ever been found of the body? There is no proof that he ever came to that infernal place. ; A man's life is not sworn away so easily as .you imagine.' ' That a man's life can be taken away easily enough, I have had horrible proof,' said Anne; shuddering. ' Walter Danby's body is hidden somewhere at Loddonford, and you know it.' She looked fixedly at him as she spoke ; but he had regained his usual self- possession by this time, and did not betray the smallest sign of surprise. ' I know nothing of the kind,' he said ; adding, with an ironical bow, ' to me your assertion is, of course, sufficient ; but in a court of justice you would have to make it good.' For a moment, Anne was a little discon certed by/ the perfect coolness of Heath's demeanour. ' I have fortunately a choice of charges to prefer against you,' she said, after a pause. ' Suppose I were to accuse you of the great robbery committed in this very bank. Eemember, I saw the gold and the jewels !' ' May I ask you where you saw them ?' said Heath, bending forward. ft I will re fresh your memory ; in your father's house at Loddonford.' 'That is true,' said Anne; 'but that would not hinder me from speaking. I know not whether my father is alive or dead ; but, compared to Grace Middleham, he is nothing: to me. To see that her future is not wrecked is my determination ; and, to save her, I will tell all I know. Yes, all! concealing nothing, sparing none !' As she' emphasised this sentence, with outstretched forefinger, Heath recoiled in amazement before her. This girl, whom he had \ rated so cheaply, had the best of him then. He was astounded at her audacity, more astounded at the firmness with which she held to the course she had indicated. With rage and mortification at his heart, he acknowledged to himself that the edifice which he had built up with such trouble ;during several months had crumbled into dust at this woman's touch. He was beaten on every point. The mere revela tion of \ his previous marriage would ruin him with Grace. He was beaten ! and he must own it, making the best bargain pos sible with the winner of the game. He rose fro in his chair, strode to the fireplace, and stood there with his hands plunged in his pockets. -After .la short internal struggle, during which he had recovered the mastery over himself, he said, in his usual tone : ' A man of sense gives up fighting when he sees no further chance of success. You insist that I should give up this intended rfiarriage' with Miss Middleham, aud you threaten me with certain consequences if I refuse. Those threats- are too strong for me, and I therefore submit ; but, at the same time, I 'give you this warning, that if you reveal more than is absolutely necessary for the prevention of the marriage, you will bring absolute ruin upon your father, who is now a hopelessly degraded drunkard and pauper, alid condemn him either to prison with me, -or to starvation without me. ?You would not care about either of these alterna tives, I suppose, although you have acknow ledged tlrkt your filial1 feelings are not very strong.?'; ' My filial feelings are what my father made them,' said Anne, quietly; 'but there is lio need, I imagine, that we should discuss them here. My object will be met by your \ renouncing Miss Middleham, by your telling her that you are not free to fulfil the marriage contract into which you have entered, and by your relinquishing all claims upon her hand.' 'I agree to that,' he said. 'I have already confessed that you are too strong for me, ;and that I can make no further fight.' I ' I -shall want you 'to write a letter to that effect,' said Anne, 'that I may take with me.' 'A letter!' he repeated. 'Why can I not tell Miss Middleham when I see her ?' ' Because it is not my intention that you should see her for a long time, if ever again. You must write a letter in the sense which I have pointed out, which I can give to her.' He shrugged his shoulders, saying, ' As. you will,' and returning to the desk, sat down, and at once commenced to write. Anlie,, who at the same moment pushed away! her chair, noticed that his hand was firm, and his writing, as usual, scrupulously neat and steady. ' I suppose that will do ?' he said, handing her the letter when he had finished. 'I have told her that it is impossible for me to fulfil the engagement, without saying why, and I have left any further explanation for you to make, con sistent, of course, with the terms of our bargain.' ' The letter will do perfectly well,' said Anne, placing it in her pocket, 'and the terms of the bargain shall be duly kept. And now,' rising from her chair, ' our interview is at an end.' 'Not just yet,' said Heath; 'give me a few minutes more, if you please. You have had your own way entirely, and now I have a few words to say ?' ' Say on,' she remarked, with a gesture of impatience. ' I want to know,' he said, looking up at her with something like admiration, as she stood there, drawn to her full height, cold, proud, and stately, ' I want to know what you are going to do with yourself now ?' ' ' Why can you possibly desire to know?' ? she asked, in surprise. ' What possible right have you to ask ?' 'I desire to know,' he said, lazily, still regarding her with that strange look, ' be cause I have conceived a very great interest in you ; because I am amazed imdiscovering you to be as you are. Our previous acquaintance was so slight that I had % 1' neither time nor opportunity to learn to appreciate your real character, or the strength of mind which distinguishes you from most of your sex ; and I dare to ask — that was, I think, the other way in which you put the question— by virtue of my right as your husband ?' ' Are you going to urge that plea ?' she asked, with supreme contempt. . ' I think I am,' Heath replied. ' With your talent and courage — you see I speak very frankly — you might be usMuH0 me m many ways, and I do not see why I should permit you to enjoy that freedom of action of which you have just deprived me.' ' You uttered a very neat axiom just now,' said Anne, ' about giving up when .you saw no further chance of success ; but you have apparently not learned that it is as bad, if not worse, to threaten penalties without the power of inflicting them. I will apply to you the phrase which you used to me at the beginning of this inter view — I defy you to do what you threaten. I warn you that if you attempt to see Miss Middleham, I will at once take steps for denouncing you to justice ; and as to your claim on my wifely obedience, I tell you plainly, that when I have gone out of that door you shall never hear of me again, unless it should concern her welfare — the welfare oft,the only human being I love — that I should once more interpose in her affairs.' She turned on her heel as she spoke, and without looking at him again, passed out of the office, and mingling with the crowd of customers at the bank counter, was lost to his view. The next instant Mr. Heath seized the speaking-pipe, and summoned Hollebone to his presence. ' Quick as you can,' he said, when 'the little man once more stoodjjefore him. ' A lady, rather 'tall, dressed in black, with a double veil, noticeable for its thickness, over her face, has just left this office. She has scarcely yet gained the street ; follow her, and let me know where she goes.' 'And I thought that girl a fool,' said Heath, when he was alone again, ' and eagerly agreed to her father taking her off after the marriage, and was delighted at the idea of her death. What idiotic short sightedness ! Properly trained, she would have been worth anything— a powerful ally, instead of, as now, a determined enemy. One would have to have lived down her horror at all she had seen, but that would not have been difficult ; women far more sensitive than I should judge her to be have given up all such nonsense when their feelings have been . interested, and their passions roused. What a chance that wretched Studley threw away ! In his case there would have been none of that horror to fight against ; and with such a trump card as that in his hand he might have held his own against all comers, instead of being the wandering drunken mendicant that he is. It is a great comfort, however,' he muttered, settling himself at the desk, ' that I have hitherto been enabled to in duce Studley to confine his wanderings to the continent. I had quite enough on my hands before, and now I have to frame a plausible excuse for withdrawing from this marriage, on which - as everyone knew, rny heart was set. There was no other way, however, that I could see to avoid instant exposure ; and if Anne Studley only gives me a little time before she produces that letter, though I shall have missed thej heiress, I may yet be able to hold my ground here, and in two or three other more im portant quarters. Now to business again,' he said, ringing the bell. Then to the por ter who appeared, ' send Mr. Towser to me.' The faculty which had been so valuable to him all his life— of being able to lay aside for the time any matter, of whatever gravity or importance, which might be troubling him — remained with him still, and in a few minutes he was so immersed in going over calculations and statistics with his chief clerk, as to be temporarily oblivious of Anne Studley's existence. Meanwhile, Anne, whose nerves, notwith standing her apparent outward calmness of demeanour, had been stretched to the utmost point of tension during the interview in the bank parlour, felt the almost inevi table reaction immediately on reaching the street, and was glad to hail a passing cab ; once seated in which, her fortitude gave way, and she burst into a flood of tearsT She had been victorious, though — she had that great consolation for all she had under gone ; she had achieved what she had undertaken— the object of her mission was accomplished ; and she was then on her way to Grace's house, in possession of the letter which would bring about Grace's re lease from her certain degradation and ruin. It was no' part, however, of Anne Studley's plan that Grace should be too soon made acquainted with the nature of the imminent1 peril with which she had been threatened or the means which had been adopted for her deliverance.. A patient and deepsearch ing student of character, Anne, 'during the year of their residence in the professor's house, had noted the change in her friend's temperament, Not that Grace Middleham was less affectionate to the companion of her school-days, for nothing could exceed the warmth aud the regard which she took every opportunity of. evincing.; but as her character became more formed, she had lost the habit of depending for everything upon Anne's aid and counsel, had become con siderably self-reliant, and not a little self willed. These qualities, Aune rightly judged, would have iucreased rather than lessened since Grace had been fully recog nised as the heiress of her uncle's fortune, and had been made an object of general adulation ; and it was therefore possible that, in the first moments of indignation at hearing what Anne had done, she would refuse to believe anything against her lover, aud would insist on his returning to her. That Grace Middleham had entirely suc cumbed to Heath's influence aud fascina tions Anne knew too well, and that her anger against those who interfered between them would be proportionate to her passion for him she fully believed. It was above all things, therefore, desirable that Grace should be approached quietly, and, if pos sible, persuaded to return to Germany with Anne before the revelation was made ; in order that, being at a distance, she would be deprived of the chance of taking, in the first outburst of her wrath, any positive steps of which she might be induced, in her calmer judgment, to disapprove and wish to revoke. On arrival at the house in Eaton Place, Anne, who, during the drive, had managed to regain her composure, again felt the effects of the hard trial which her nerves had undergone in the earlier portion of the day. But she recovered herself sufficiently to impress the tall footman, who answered, her ring, and to whom she gave the name of Mrs. Waller, with the sense of her dignity, and, consequently, to make him show her into the dining-room and announce her promptly, instead of leaving her in the hall to take her chance of the time at which the message, that 'a young pusson was waiting,' might arrive upstairs. Grace happened to be alone when the announce ment was made ; and as it was a long time since she had heard Anne's pseudonym, and her mind having been so much occupied with other things, she' at first failed to understand who wished to see her; but, the truth coming to her after a moment's reflection, she rushed past the astonished footman, hurried down the stairs, and, the next moment had seized Anne in* her arms and covered her with kisses. ' My sweetest Anne,' she said, ' you are the very last person I should have thought of seeing here. Fancy your mak ing your appearanre in London after all your protestations that nothing earthly would induce you to come, and your refusal of the invitation which I sent you regularly for the first few weeks after my arrival ! ' 'I should not be here now, dear-;' said Anne, returning her friend's caresses, ' if the occasion were not a most important one.' ' I know what it is,' said Grace, suddenly drawing back. ' You have received my letter, announcing my engagement with George — with Mr. Heath, I mean ; and you have come to have a talk with rare about it — a serious talk, I daresay, too — ' ' I have come on a serious matter, but not that,' said Anne, quietly ; ' and, unfor tunately I am the bearer of ill news. It will, doubtless, be distasteful to you, in the midst of all your triumphs and successes, to hear of pain and sickness ; but the fact is, that Madame Sturm is very ill— much worse than I have hitherto let you know.' ' Poor dear Frau Professorin ! ' said Grace. ' How very sad ; I am quite sorry for her.' ' She talks constantly of you,' said Anne, on whom Grace's society tone jarred un pleasantly, ' and frequently expresses her most earnest wish to see you.' - ' How unfortunate that her illness should have happened just at this time, when I am away,' said Grace. ' Latterly she has been so urgent in the expression of this wish that I have not known what to say to her ; and finally, I could refuse no longer, but set off in the hope that I might persuade you to return with me to Germany.' 'My dear Anne,' said Grace, 'that would be perfectly impossible.' ' Would it ? ' said Anne. ' I fail to see that. You are your own mistress, are you not? — you are dependent on no one's will or wish ?' 'No; of course, I am mistress of my own actions. There is no one whom I am absolutely obliged to consult,'' s*aid Grace ; 'but still, people would think it so ^ odd, my oroing away 'afaTmomont's notice.' ''°\Vhat people ? ' asked Anne. 'Well, Mrs. Crntchley, J'or* instance,' replied Grace. ' Would it matter to you what Mrs. Crutchley thought ?' asked Anne.. 'She is, is she not, a very temporary acquisition — hired, like your house, horses, servants, &c;, for the season, and then to be got rid of and never seen again ? This old woman dying over there speaks of you as the only blood-relation now left to her; and implores you to come to her, that she may look upon your face before she dies.' 'lam the nearest relation left to hei-I know,' said Grace, softening, ' and if I thought I could do her any good—' . ' Nothing can do her any good, Grace,' said Anne; ' but it would be a satisfaction for her to take farewell of you, and to you, after she is gone, to know that you made her last hours happy at a very small sacri fice to yourself.' ' You are quite right, dear,' said Grace, after a little pause. ' It is my duty to go, and I will do it ; she was kind to me, poor old lady, in her odd way, andM will not appear ungrateful. I need only stop a few days, and I am sure George will not object when he knows the reason of my absence.' 'You will come, then, with me by the mail train to-night ? ' said Anne. ' You will have no occasion to take a maid. I am Mrs. Waller, you know, and can do every thing you want.' ' To-night is rather sudden, Anne, is it not ?' said Grace. ftI should like to have seen Mr. Heath.' ' Every hour is of consequence,' said Anne, firmly. 'Your aunt only lingers on from day to day, and you would not easily forgive yourself if you arrived too late.' ' Very well,' said Grace. ' I will go with you to-night.' But when this arrangement was communi cated to Mrs. Crutchley, that_ worthy lady was highly exasperated, and did her utmost to prevent its being carried out. Though the season was considerably on the wane, there were balls to be gone to and engage ments to be fulfilled. It was impossible that Miss Middleham should give up society 'and tear herself away from her friends for ? such a very inadequate reason as the illness of an old aunt ; and when these various reasons had been suc cessfully combated, Mrs. Crutchley fell back upon what was really the mainspring of all her motives. She perfectly recognised in the Mrs. Waller, whose sudden and un expected arrival had such influence over Miss Middleham's movements, the mysteri ous correspondent to whom Grace had ad dressed such frequent and such lengthy epistles : she thought there was something particularly suspicious, though what, she was not able to discover, in these circum stances ; and, beaten on every point, she urged most strongly that Grace should not leave London without seeing Mr. Heath. Of course, Grace was anxious for an op portunity of seeing her lover, and as Anne made no objection, messengers were de spatched in search of Mr, Heath, both at the bank and at his private chambers, and letters were written requesting him to come to Eaton Place at once. But Mrs. Crutchley was given to understand that in no case would Miss Middleham's departure be post poned, and orders were given that the necessary packing should be proceeded with. Time passes on, and the large footman announces that both messengers have re turned from unsuccessful searches. Mr. Heath was not to be found at the bank or at his chambers, and at neither place was it known whither he had gone ; but the letters had been left for him, and Mrs. Crutchley, looking at her Avatch, declares that there is yet an hour before Grace starts, and opines that by that time he will arrive. The hour wanes, and Grace, after many caresses from Mrs. Crutchley (who is loud in her lamenta tions at the non- engagement of a courier), takes her seat by Mrs. Wailer in the brougham, and is whirled away to Charing cross, where the tall footman takes their tickets, looks at their luggage, and bestows on them a' final benediction by lifting his hat as the train glides out of the station. Mr. Heath, too, has witnessed their de parture from behind the shelter of some luggage-barrows, piled on end ; and his feelings towards one of the travellers, at least, are of anything but a benedictory nature. ' You have succeeded, curse you !' he mutters to himself, as he moves out of the station. 'You are carrying her away from me, and in a day or two you will tell her- ? . I beg your pardon ! ' The man against whom he has stumbled is shabbily dressed, with a slouch hat and clothes of foreign cut covered with worn and shining braid. He starts at the sound of Heath's voice, and . steps aside that he may get him more fully in the gaslight ; then approaches him again, so closely that Heath feels his hot thick breath upon his face as he asks him in jeering tones, 'who is it you would like to murder next ? ' ? e CHAPTER XXIV. If Mr. Heath had had his way, it is X-robable that he would have answered the question put to him by the shabby man, as to ' whom he should like to murder next? ' in a very practical manner, by then and there disposing of his interrogator. If, while denying himself this pleasure, he had desired to indulge in the rare chance of speaking the truth, the words which would have (started unbidden to his lips would have been, 'that she-devil, your daughter !' For the shabby man in the foreign-cut coat covered with worn and shining braid, and the slouch hat — the man with the tottering gait and the thick hot breath, who stood swaying about uneasily in his bulbous boots — was ali that remained of Ned Stud loy : the man who 'looked like a duke, don't you know,' and than whom, at one time, neither Long's nor Limmer's ever turned out a more perfect t3rpe of the ex military swell. There was a leer in his bloodshot eyes, and a half-fatuous, half insolent smile on his blotched and bloated face, that drove Heath nearly wild with rage ; aud it was all that he could do to bring the power of self- interest to his con trol, and to prevent himself from seizing the mouthing idiot by the throat and shaking him soundly. An instant's reflection, how ever, made him appreciate the enormous price which he would have to pay- for the luxury. The old man then standing before him, weak and wretched, with a craving for drink, which, without his aid, he was un able to supply — a pauper, liomeless, and friendless — was easily managed and dis posed of; but if he was once .made aware of the fact of his daughter's existence, of her bold self-reliance, and of the way in which she had exerted her power, he would doubt less still have sufficient natural cunning left to see how his hold over Heath had been strengthened, and to avail himself of the knowledge. Plainly, therefore, it was Mr. Heath's business to temporise with his dis reputable father-in-law, and render him 'as amiable as possible. 'Is it you ? ' he said, with that affecta tion of frankness and bonhomie which had often stood him in good stead ; 'I declare I did not know you at first, your foreign appearance quite deceived me.' But the captain was very far from being moved by these blandishments. ' My ap pearance is something more than foreign,' he said, with a downward glance at his shabby clothes; 'and, in the same way that there are none so deaf as those that won't hear, there are, I reckon, none so difficult to convince of our existence as those who wish us dead. That is about your sentiment towards me, Mr. Heath ; and that is why I ask you who you would like to murder next, with the perfect know ledge of what you would say if you spoke the truth.' Heath's face darkened for a moment, but the cloud was quickly gone. ' It is scarcely advisable, is it,' he said, 'to use such ugly words, even if you have reason to complain of me, and I do riot think you have. But we will talk that subject' out at length. I was going to write to you in reply to your letter from Ostend, but your presence here simplifies the matter, and we can arrange it much better in conversation. Have you dined?' 'I had some infernal corned beef and bottled stout on board the Ostend boat at three o'clock, if you call that dining,' said the captain, 'but I have touched nothing since — :at least nothing solid, I mean.' ' Then let us get some dinner and have our talk at the same time,' said Heath. ' No, not in there,' he continued, as his companion made a move towards the sta tion restaurant ; ' we should find that too noisy, too crowded, and too British alto gether. I know a place where we can be more at our ease, and where the cuisine and cellar are both irreproachable.' He offered his arm to his companion as he spoke, and, pulling his hat far over his eyes, to avoid the chance recognition of any passing acquaintance, led him out of the station and across to Leicester Square, plunging into a labyrinth of streets, where the houses from their external appearance, would seem to have been transplanted from some foreign city. Entering one of them, ' in which, from the obsequious bows be stowed upon him by the portly, bald-headed landlord and the brisk French waiter, he seemed to be well-known and highly re spected, Mr. Heath made his way to a small private room on the first floor, but prettily furnished and tastefully decorated/ and there issued his orders for the repast ; which, he said, might be commenced at once, while the soup and fish were in pre paration, with a few hors iV mitres in the shape of prawns and radishes, and a bottle of Sauterne. A deep draught of the rich mellow wine, for the glass from which he drank was bell shaped and thin, sent the colour mantling again through Captain Studley's bloated face, and brought the light into his bleared and rheumy tfyes. ' That's good tipple, glorious tipple,' he said, smacking his lips as he replaced his empty glass upon the table. ' If I could drink that always, I should be a man again. I am not the man I was, sir, when we used to do business together. ? Age has clutched me in his claw,' as I recollect hearing one of them say at one of the penny-readings ; and I am left alone in the world, at a time when I ought to have my friends and family about me.' As he concluded these maundering re marks he shook his head solemnly, and pushed his glass across the table. ' You must not give way in this fashion, Studley,' said Heath, filling the glass and returning it to his companion with a plea sant smile. ' You know the saying, ' There is life in the old dog yet.' ' ' Yes,' said the captain, after sipping his wine, ' that's all deuced fine about the old dog, but the quantity of life in him entirely depends upon the state in which he is kept. Let him- have the run of the kitchen, stretched before the fire and fed with the scraps which fall from the master's table — the master's table,' said the captain, re peating the words as with a dull reminis cence of something that he had heard before, ' and he will go on all right ; but if he is left out to sleep in an old barrel, and only gets dirty bones and such like— well, he will have a very bad time of it. And that's my case, Heath ; I am rather in the old-barrel-and-dirty-bone line, I am think ing, and I don't see why I should stand it, sir ; and, what's more, I don't intend to.' 'Here 'is the soup,' said Heath; 'we will go into that question by-and-by, when we have got rid of the waiter. Don't pub any pepper into ^it, my good fellow,' he continued, lifting up his hand in horror; ' the cook would faint if he saw yon experi menting with his bonne femme after thafe fashion.' ' My palate wants a little exciting, i isn't so keen as it was, and that's the fact,' said the captain. ' I have often heard about the doctors who tell the poor people to supply themselves with good port- wine ; but I never appreciated the point of the joke till lately. I ought to live well, I know, and I can't — that's about the truth of it.' ' I don't see that you have much to corn plain of, Studley,' said Heath, without any anger in his tone ; ' the allowance which I have hitherto been able to make you, is certainly not large, but it ought to be enough to keep you going ; and if you keep up your old skill at play ? ' 'But I don't sir,' said the captain in terrupting him ; ' both skill and luck seem to be gone. They have introduced some new games, too, that E do not get hold of as I did of old ; and even when there seems to be a decided run of luck, I find myself funk ing in backing the card or the colour. Be sides, I am too old, and too ill, to be carrying on this sort of game any longer. I don't want to be dependent on the clear ness of rny head or the steadiness of my hand any naore. I want enough to keep me in comfort on tlie continent — X liave lost all taste for London — with my half-bottle of wine for my breakfast, my bottle at dinner, and some hot grog at night. What I get now won't do that, and that's why I wrote to you. You got my letter ? ' (To he continued.) Gold in the Tkansvaal, South Africa. — Special information which reaches us from the Transvaal confirms, indeed more than confirms, the intelligence recently pub lished concerning the extraordinary rich ness of the gold-fields in the Transvaal. The actual number of diggers still working at the Kaap fields is not very large, but their steady perseverance is a good sign of their success. The Boer government imposes & duty of five per cent, on all the gold dis covered in the country, and this fact acts as an incentive to secrecy on the part of the miners, who will not willingly declare the full amount of their finds, while they think it is to their interest also to discourage a fl rush.' But there are at the present time at least five hundred diggers steadily at work at Le Kaap, and paying duty on consider able quantities of gold. The wealth of the auriferous deposit here, however, is entirely eclipsed by that of the Berlin reef, in the Leydenberg gold-fields. The report of a competent English geologist, acting on behalf of a company which is about to pur chase the property, testifies that the mini mum average yield of gold in the reef is six teen ounces for every ton of quartz ; while one thousand ounces have been procured from a ton of quartz. The report of an in tending purchaser is not likely to over- value a property, and the extraordinary estimate may therefore be accepted as reliable. Even allowing for considerable exaggeration it is clear that the district about the Dra kensburg Mountains, on the eastern side of the Transvaal, is wonderfully rich in gold. — Colonies and India. A San Francisco paper tells the following tale at the expense of its post-office depart ment : — ' The head of the department pas sing through one of the offices recently, and seeing a man whom he supposed was one of the clerks standing by the fire read ing the newspaper just as he had been seve ral hours before, reproved him for wasting his time in that fashion. The clerk ad mitted that it was a waste of time. The head of the department indignantly asked his name, and grew still more angry when the clerk told him it was ' none of his busi ness.' ' I am the postmaster- general,' said he. ' Well I am glad to hear it,' was the reply. ' I am simply one of the public who has been kept waiting here for four hours for an answer to a simple question, and I shall be much obliged if you will use your influence to get me attended to.' In 1882, at the eighty horse-butchers' shops open in Paris, there was sold the flesh. ? of 10,891 horses, 340 asses, and 34 mules. Some papers having recorded as an event', of note that a Boston woman has built a 20,000dol. house entirely on the proceeds of ? the sale of doughnuts, the Philadelphia Chronicle-Herald reports : — ' Pooh ! that's nothing to what Philadelphia can produce.. A politician here has built himself a 30,000dol. house, and also bought a fast team, made entirely out of the proceeds of three years in office at 3000dol. a year.' 