DB. KELYNJCK. The Kev. Dr. JCelynack, of Sydney, preached in the Wesleyiin Church, Forest- street, on Sunday evening. The church was crowded to excess. The rev. gentleman selected as his toxt the 34th chapter of K/.ekiel, and the 2!ith verso : " And I will make them and the places round about my hill a blessing, and I will causo the shower to come down in his season; there shall bo showers of blessing." Those words were, tho preacher said, addressed by God to tho ancient church, and ho took them as an expression by God to the church of the present day. lie would divide tliem into three parts—First, tho church was a b'essing to tho world; secondly, tho instrumental ciii;,e was tho 1 Jivino .Spirit, of which tho agency was set before them in showers; thirdly, certain conditions were necessary t) 1;j observed by tho church for tho realisation of tiw fulness of the blessing. Their duties to God were laid down with a clearness that admitted of no mistake, and were enforced by an authority to which there was no uppeal. They had every day proofs of tho value ot tho church benefits. In ■Jivine worship in God's house the character of the .Most High was put before tho people to their astonishment and awe. One time the youthful portion of tho world was allowed to grow up in vice and ignorance of tho world hereafter, but now the church takes them in hand, and sjiuIs them out to be a blessing to the church. There was a time when tho heathen world lived, suffered, and died in durkiiess, but now tho church had braved the range of oceans and tho terrors of the wilderness, had braved violence andsavago men,and, in fact, every test of human patience, and put itself close to (ho gates of hell. Tho work of tho church boro tin; stamp of (Girl's approval, and it was what it claimed to be—the moat precious institution of the lime. The blessedness was from tho Divine Spirit. Tho idea in tho text was that the church of God depended, and must depend, upon the grace of tho Holy IS host. He claimed that tho spirit of tho living God was necessary to a church. A preachor may have all the power of close logic, splendid ora tory, etc., but if he expected to cast out the devil by s icii deviations the answer would be ".Tesns I know, 1i11 f know, but who are you?" Thoproaehor was the voice through which God's spirit spoke. The church was God's blessing to tho world in con nection with her work. Tho benefit secured to tho churches by tho showers of blessing was maturity of religious life. Tiio power of the Holy Ghost was needed in tho church to guard it against all that was doubtful, to como out from tho un godly, and touch not tho unclean thing. Tho conditions necessary to bo observed for tho realisa tion of tho promised blessing wore that tho church should remove all obstacles for tho progress and march of tho Redeemer. The peoplo must givo their hearts to God freely, and then they would ba prepared to receive tho showers of blessings. They must bo earnest ' workers for Christ. They must work amidst all difficulties and all opposition. They mu6t work as though everything depended upon themselves, and pray as if everything depended on God. They should ariso to this holy entorpriso. So far as they wero concerned, they were guilty beforo God if they were not in tho fulness of tho loving service in striving to bring the world to God. In con clusion, the rev. gentleman statod that their cry should go up for the Holy Ghost, and thoy should bj blessed. Aii interesting and instructive locturo was delivered at the Wesleyan Methodist Church, 1'Vest-street, by the Rev. Dr. Kolynack last evening, in aid of the Wesleyan mission fund. Tho subject selected by tlio rev. gentloman was " Christianity and its claims upon tho world." It h almost superfluous to say, in view of tho excel lent reputation as a gifted and intelligent speaker, which tho lecturer has won in all parts of Aus tralia, that the subject was treated by him in a nnsterly manner. Tho audience, which was not so numorous as was anticipated, was apparently interested and pleased throughout the evening, as was testified by tho frequont ap plause which ever and anon greeted tho lecturer's remarks. Tho rev. gentleman was supported on tho platform by tho Rov. R. C. I'lockhart, incumbent of tho church, in tho chair, and tho Rev. W. Manures. Aftor the opening prayer and hymn had been given, tho Chairman briefly introduced tho lecturer, who came forward, and proceeded to remark that ill dealing with tho mi.-sionary work which had been accomplished by Wesleyan Methodism, lie had 110 wish to wound the feelings of anyone present by undervaluing tho efforts of other churches. Tho rev. gentleman then referred to the deplorable stato of ignorance and cruelty which characterised tho savage inhabi tants of tho islands of the South Pacific, and gave an account of the efforts which had been put forth by the church to reclaim them from tho vice and cruelty in which they were steeped, and to lead them to embrace the. Christian religion. Ho alluded to the glorious work performed by such men as William Carey, who went out to live, and labor, and die in the work of' evangelisation, and Robert Moffatt, whose recent death had caused a bitter ping of grief to all who wero interested in the spread of Christianity in heathen elands. Apart from minor considerations, which should induce Christians to support missions in foreign 11 mis, tliuro wns ono great standpoint from which tho appeal could bo made, and that was contained in the question, " Had tlioy sympathy with Christ and His work of redemption?" Objec tions li.id boon raised to tho prosecution of these evangelistic missions oil tho plea of tho dubious ness of tho fate to which savage races were destined. But sr.roly tho spectaclo wliich had moved the Sou of God to leave His Father's kingdom, live a life of suffering, and endure a cruel death, all for ]>ity nndlovo to tho human r.u'O, would move llis followers to do what they could to secure to their fellow men the benefits which wero to bo derived from Christianity, lie had heard it urged that so long as ignorance and sin wero prevalent at homo thoy should not attempt foreign mission. That was an orroiieous idea, and ho thought that tho plain injunction of f-etipturo was in his favorin combatting tho objec tion. God desired the conversion of the world to a knowledge of Himself,and ho would ask his hoarers if they would aid that cause. He trusted that they would, and that on tho day of reckoning tho welcome voico would say to oach " Yo have done what ye could," and that thoy would not bo chargo able on that day with tho rebuke of tho Almighty addressed as in tho words of scripture, "I have somewhat against thee." At the conclusion of tho lecture a collection was made in aid of tho funds of the Australasian Wes leyan .Missions, which resulted in the raisingof asuui <>f over .too for that object. The Kov. \V. Blamires then proposed a vote of thanks to the lecturer, which was seconded by Mr. A. Harkncss, and car ried unanimously. An announcement is made that a lecture will be delivered by Dr. Kelynack at tho Wesleyan Church, Eaglehawk, this evening, en titled "My trip to England and back again." A collection will bo taken up on the occasion for tho Wesleyan foreign missions. 