our city letter. ["From our own Correspondent.] Adelaide. June 20.1883. If certain hon. gentlemen can help it we eh all not have a Jubilee Exhibition in 1886. There is, however, one striking feature about their opposition to the proposed scheme—it is not carried out, in what, ontside of politics, would be regarded as a straight and above board style. In the Legislative Council the three chief opponents so far—for the debate is not jet concluded—are the Hons. Messrs. Hay, Baker, and Scott. The first-named gentleman was amongst those who last year voted for the holding of the. Exhibition on the understanding that before it was opened thelntercolonial Railway should be completed. On Tuesday he moved a motion giving effect to this condition, but as tbe Commissioner of Public Works assured the Council that the railway to Border Town would be opened at least six months before the holding of the Exhibition, it can only be regarded as an attempt to shunt the thing altogether. In his speech, which was made up of miserable fore bodings, that as in the cases of the Melbourne and Sydney Exhibitions, the projected under taking would land the colony in for a debt of £300,000, very little of whioh would be re couped. This community he urged will, at the appointed time, not number more than 350,090; what then can we expect if New South Wales, with more than twice that num ber, made a loss of about £280,000. Besides this what have we to show P And if we did I show, would our few products realise higher prices than they do now F This is rather a peculiar line of argument to adopt by one who was careful again and again to reiterate the statement that be was not Opposed to the Exhibtion, he only wanted to provide against tne possibility of failure. The cloven-foot, however, came out still more strongly in the suggestion that all the requirements would be met by a good representation of the colony at the Exhibition to be held in Borne in 1890. As was to be expected the opposition of the Hon. Mr. Hay was supplemented by that of the Hon. Mr. Baker, who took more decided ground and moved that the Exhibition should not be held until we had a sufficient surplus revenue to pay it. This would be postpone ment with a vengeance, but the move was too transparent to impose on any one. Evi dently Mr. Hay is not troubled with, what has been described as " the bugbear of little minds," consistency. The other oppositionist was the Hon. Henry Scott, whose craze at present is that every shilling that can be so used should be expended in the development of the back country. His position also is somewhat Anomalous inasmuch as he is a \- member of the Exhibition Commission, and I believe a chairman of one of the depart mental committees. -The answers to the objections were pretty conclusive, and it must be admitted as the matter has gone so far it would be a most unto ward event if the Exhibition were postponed. The railway will be opened some months before the specified time of opening, thus securing a large number of visitors from the otber colonies who would otherwise have been deterred by the sea trip. The cost need not be more than £150,000 at the outside, for the extravagances and palpable blunders per petrated at Sydney and Melbourne can be averted, and the buildings will remain as sub stantial sets-off against the outlay, while a great deal of that ludicrous ignorance which prevails regarding the colony will be effec tually and for ever cleared up, thus indirectly conducing to increased population and wealth. Many stories, are told of the ignorance of otherwise well-informed people in England regarding the Australian colonies, but the following, from its thorough-going character, deserves to rank pretty high. During the voyage to South Australia a few yaara ago a well-known member of the Council, who had been home for a trip, not bis first, drew near a table whereon a lot of books were spread. Picking up the well-known child's serial be said " Um! Chatterbox." A joung lady of considerable accomplishments, but with limited knowledge regarding the colonies, then re marked, in tones of infinite pity, " I suppose in Australia you never see such books," and seemed highly incredulous when informed that these benighted lands not only consumed a larger amount of literature in proportion to the number of their inhabitants thau Eng land, and that it was supplied almost as soon as to the English readers. A motion similar in its terms to Mr. Baker's amendment in the Council will be moved in the House of Assembly by Mr. Tomkinson, but the opinion may be confidently ventured that the holding of the exhibition will not be postponed. The cost of the undertaking will doubtless be consider able—perhaps as much as that of the Murray I Bridge, which will soon be in a fit state to be hired out as a grazing paddock, but it will be I made up many times over by the good done to the colony in a variety of ways. It would appear that we have at last reached finality in legislation on the vexed question of the new Parliament Buildings. On Tuesday by a majority of thirteen votes the Govern ment carried a motion in favor of accepting the tender of the Kapunda Marble Company to erect the west wing of the proposed build ings for £102,864 Ids. 3d., the stone to be used to be South Australian granite and Ka punda marble. The old old ground, so fami liar in connection with this subject, was traversed again in the most painstaking man ner, but the majority of bon. members had evidently made up their minds, and the debate was not allowed to go very far. On many grounds this determination is a matter for sincere congratulation, but chiefly because it will use up the surplus available labor, which is becoming very clamorous. The Criminal Court and its proceedings have been the chief subject of conversation during the past two or three days. On Mon day the Kev. A. G-. Palmer, a young man, who has only recently finished his studies for the Congregational Ministry, was charged with indecent conduct towards a little girl |named Wat60n, near the Adelaide old race -course, a few weeks ago. He bad been Btationed at Milang and had come down to Adelaide with the intention of getting married and going to Western Australia. Finding time hanging rather heavily on bis hands, during the earlier part of the day he started to visit a friend in Kent Town, but changed his mind on hearing a steam whistle which he took for the 1 o'clock signal. As he was walking back he was in terrupted by Mrs. Watson, the girl, and a number of navvies, who refused to believe his protestations of innocence and detained him until a policeman arrived. The onlv evidence against him was that of this girl, 10 or 11 years of age, and she had such a hazy notion of the identity of the individual who molested her, that it would hare been a fearful wrong to convict any person on her evidence. At the trial in the Supreme Court before Mr. Justice Boucaut Mr. C. C. Kingston, who had been retained in the Court below, prosecuted instead of the Crown pro secutor. Every one who knows Mr. Kingston is well aware that he is both an able lawyer and a very successful one, especially in crimi nal cases when he appears on the other side of the record. In the present case, however, be forgot that he represented the Crown, and, assuming the guilt of the unfortunate young man from the commencement, made a furious and virulent attack on him to the juiy. The presiding judge, in answer to the defen dant's counsel, said he had never heard anything like it before. But this hint was not strong enough, for Mr. Kingston in his summing up of the evidence became still more vindictive and vituperative. The Judge commenced by intimating that lie would tell the jury that it would be unsafe for them to convict on the girl's 'evidence which had been shaken in cross-examination, and that it was not necessary for the defendant's counsel to address him,. and then he opened on Mr. Kingston, and administered the most severe censure that has ever been given to any coun sel in this colony. It is impossible to repro duce all Bis Honor's remarks/but he expressed his thorough detestation of the course that had been pursued,the cowardly way in which the young man had been attacked, and intimated that if he had to listen to such conduct and language he would refuse to sit in the Court. These unmistakeable expressions were ap plauded, which drew upon the applaudeis a severe censure. However, the jury soon re turned a verdict of not guilty, and Mr. Palmer left the Court without, in the esti mation of all honorable men, a stain on his character. The subject for this striking de nunciation of the licence of counsel occupies such a prominent position that the occurrence has created quite a sensation, and we may ex pect that the growing evil will be at least tem porarily checked. At any rate on the follow ing day in Parliament it was clear that " the victim" had received a considerable crushing for he was unusally subdued. The other criminal case was that of Mr. Frederick Har vie Linklater, a barrister-at-law, charged with libel. Mr. Linklater was correspondent for the Gawler Butlyip, and on 1he occasion of a young man named Solomon applying for a commission, refurbished a scandalous story that had appeared about two years previously in that general receptacle for scan-mag, the Bulletin. The stoiy was that a young man named had climbed up in a stable at the rear of the Theatre in order to look in at the opera girls while dressing. He was dis covered by a lynx-eyed damsel, and after some resistance was dragged into the apartment by the masculine assistants invoked, and then soaked with dirty water «nd white powdered till he looked like a ghost. Unfortunately the writer made a mistake in the name of the man who figured so prominently in this escapade—it was not Solomon at all, but that of one who figured prominently in Jewish history before the chosen people became a nation. He justified his assertion, and swore that he saw the occurrence and the part taken in it by Solomon.. The jury returned a verdict of guilty, and on Mr. Linklater's promising to publish an apology, he was let off with a fine of £100. The probabilities of this amount being paid are ratber remote, as the delinquent is an uncertificated insolvent. However, tbe Law Society may be disposed to take action in thq. matter for the purpose of keeping up the tone and character of che profession. Tbe review, .which should have been held on the 24th May, took place on the usual spot on Wednesday. The ground was very sloppy, and both spectators and volunteers seemed heartily glad when it was over. 