Bay Lilies. Lauhiituk so Boon is ovor, Summer bo Boon is done, What has a lily of fragraneo Aftor its day in tho sun ? Dowy and fair in tho morning, Perfumed and palo at noon ; Dowy and dead at sunset — A ghost by the light of tho moon. What havo you to romomber ? What havo I to forgot? Laughter, josts and trifling — lilies With dowdrops wot, Ono for every morning — a lily Counts for a day ; , .- Days and summer and lilies, How quickly passod away. Which of us was in earnest ? ? Which of us was in jest? - When the lilies breathing fragrance Died slowly on my breast, . Because they pleased your fanoy— Bccause my mood was now Do you beliovo that lilies May leave tho scont of ruo ? There's nothing to remember, There's nothing to forgot, But laughter, josts and trifling, And yot — and yet — and yot In all the summer's coming AU lilies under tho skies, Will bring baok to you low laughter And the blue of a woman's eyes. I neither hurt nor healed you, You'll be no moro false nor true To me and my summer fancies, Than — I shall be to you, But to the ond tho lilies Will be of your past a part, And you'll think you seo thom lying A bloom on a woman's heart. Throughout of all our summer This is what I bavo won. . I may ohanco to be remembered When lilies stand in tho sun, You will forgot the woman — I shall forget tho man — But the fragrance of the lilies, Forget it if you can. But I havo my littlo triumph — A woman's — light and . vain ; - And would it havo paid me, think you, To havo wrested it from pain 1 Grant you each word I uttor Is a trifle light as air ; Yet out of my littlo triumph Thoro grows a little prayer. Give other women roses, All bloom to thom is freo ; I — I have earned tho lilies ; Leave them to me — to me. Thoso who jest in the morning, Should jest at sot of sun ; Whon will end this jesting ? When will tho day be dono ? But I have my little triumph — A woman's — light and vain ; It would have paid but poorly ? To have wrested it from pain, And to the ond the lilies Will be of tho past a part ; ? Onco— onco an August lily Found root — in a woman's heart. 