ADVENTURES OF1. THREE YOUNG LADIES CHAryza. :," 'That is her n:mme-bright, glorious angel !' ' You are aware, 1 suppose, that you have rivals ? said Ashurst, with a smile. 'It does not surprise me. Such sweetness, t combined with beauty and intellect, must form a shrine for all men to worship at,' he cried, enthusiastically. ' That sort of love need not trouble you much. Your specialrlvals are the false Earl of ravens bourne, and my friend the captain in the next - room.' t ' Tie false earl I spurn as worthless,' said the young man. in a voice of deep emotion, I will crush him as I wou'd a beetle under my heel.' * But the captain.' ' Well. He may have won her affections be fore ever I saw her,' faltered the pretended priest. ' All is fairin love and war, and also, all is sacred. You must find that out for yourself, said Ashurst. rather drily.' ' I will hope. If I fail, I shall not murmur. Such happiness is too much for a wretch like me, content for so many years to wallow in the mire of despot'ism and false gods. But I must go. 'You have no clue to what gives you hope;. 'None. I must treat much to the doctrine of chances ;but my motto is death orcvictory. At my first signal be ready. But look that you be sure of my letter. In addition to' Iloollah,' you will read ' Edwin' in small letters.' And so they parted. The supposed merchant had come unattended, and so took his departure. He was used to these streets and to their in habitants, and took no care of the people, who: crowded here, there, and everywhere, through the busy streets. Suddenly he pu 'd, and through his dye, the ashen grey of his c aee! s might be sen. . 'Walking along it company with a dragoman, and dressed like a Levantine merchant, came the false Earl of Ravensbourne. ' He was sauntering along with a pipe in his mouth. He was very pale, though from his walk slightly intoxicated. The young moollah trembled all over. "' Ten years had passed since they had been face to face before, but he knew him in an in stant. A wild impulse arose within him to rash at him there and then, and then pluck the false honours from him. But he remembered. Other and dear lives were dependent onhim. It was in a bazaar, and beforo the.shop of a dealer in beautiful mouth pieces, the false earl stopped. That's a handsome thing now in pipe;,' he said to the dragoman, singling out a small elegant product of Arabic art. ' What's to pay. Thl merchant asked a price, and the earl be gan searching in his pocket for money. ,'I desire that pipe,' said the moonlab, or Arab merchant, in his deep tones, ' and there's the gold.' th gave nearly double what the other had been asked, and the greedy, avaricious Arab clutched at the coiunand bowed low. That's a confounded shime,' cried the earl ; what's the moaning of it.' ' The merchant liked the pipe, and so gave more than it was worth,' saidd the obsequious dragoman ; ' there are plenty of others.' 'But I sant theat one,' blustered the other. 'eou can have it at a price,' observed the supposed Arab merchant, speaking in English. 'At what price,' gasped the-earl, thrilled through by the voice, 'That you shall know when next we meet, o earl,' was the reply, as he thrust the pipe into his hand. ' Furies,' said the earl :' stop that man.' But the Arab merchant had disappeared in the throng. 'Your excellency is nt well,' observed ihe dragoman. ' o ; a little qucr. Is there a wine shop about here,' be gasied. The dragoman placed his finger on his lips. and passing out of the bazaar, led the way. to wards one of the several shops there the for bidden liquid was sold. Watching until no one observed them, they crept down a dark passage, until they reached a kind of shed rather inferior to the lowest den in London. Hers sact a black. who at oneo sdrvsed them w!th the required stimulants. 'That voice,' mutered the earl, ans soon as he had moistened his dry and parched tongue, 'those worde. Do you kno the man ?' 'The face and voice appeared. familiar, Effendi,' said the dragoman ; 'only it were sacrilege, I should say it was the emperor's favourite moollah and prime minister. HIe often goes about in disguise, to learn what is said about the government. 'The emplror's prime minister n ! gasped the earl. 'Then, by Heaven, the sooner I am off the better.' - Havir' paid for his wine, he staggered to his foeet, and told the dragoman to see him home.: Having reached the residence of tbhe coranir, he at once cast himself on a couch to sleep off the fumes of what he had been drinking. But only an hour's respite did he obtain: He started up, hot, feverish, and shaking. Having bLthed his forehead, and paid some little attention to his toilet, he joined the baronet at dinner. ' Eh, havonsbourne l' he cried, ' what's the matter ? Haven't seen a ghost, or. met the colonel ?' - The earl was blanched now. ' None of your sorry jokes,' he snarled; 'but I have seen that which determines me on in slant return to England.' ' ly lord!' , 'Yes, this is my last night in Morocco. " The foul fiend take me for ever having come, but needs must when somebody drives.' ' And our enterprise ?' ' I give it up. The three mid-cap girls may go to Old Harry for me.' 'Excuse me, my lord, but I should like some explanation of this sudden resolve. Unless we find them, we ara ruined men; I cannot show myself in London,' said Sir Thomas. 'And I don't mean to. 'There's ome in fernal rascality a: work. Do you sail with me?' 'When have you finally decided to go ?" 'To.night.' 'What, without Fir Charles ?' asked Sir Thomas Harcourt, coldly. ": ' The deuce take you and Sir Charles, too,' was the brutal answer. ' Whathavo I to do with him ? That he has run away is no fault of mine. AmI his keeper?~. ? :·. . 'You are not his brother,' was the satiricalI answer. '. ' 'I tell you what it is, Sir Thomae.' said the earl, who was in a very quarrelsome humour, as most 'men eae when some terrible iniquity '1 and crim amehas come hom to them ; 'do youla khant to quarrel ?' Certainly not. I am not an?ous to dianp pbartliko Sir Charles.' ' ' hat do you moan by that?' said the I treomblin caitiff. h 'Whant I seany. So if you please to pass the bottle, re'all have a quiet game of ciardT At this moment the corsair Suleimarn entered hurriedly. 'You are wanted,' he sail, :nddmessing his two guests, 'at once. 'By whom ?' wpas the anxious answer 'You are sent for to the empelror', ?ceh - There is no time for delay. An scort and a bullock cart await you. 'I shall not go. Have you been ptaying us some trick n' I am yourtmoet humble nd io obedient seorvant. But you mustheasten i. In a despotic Eastern cositiy, invitations are in reality commands, and both' Sir Thomas and the earl felt that refusal was a vain form. 1 They rose, put on eash a light brnmoans, and I then went out to where a bullock carto, such a is in general oused by wome, nwailoed.theo surrounded by a band of black soldiecs. ' - with scant ceremony, they were hurried intoe the cart, and eoon found theneielwes at the imn, a pertal palace. ', / •,, * They entered one of the sided 'eoirte nd'th door being closed behind them,is'oere ushered up some rich marble steps toacorridor, whence 0 they were led into a handsome room, with a kind of throne at one end, and losi0ueh? oi the ether. . A stern young man, richly dressednot in the d dress of a priest, but of the grand "rirism of Lh emperor, occupied the sort of throne. One attendant, a youth of European origin, 1 stood in elavi.h submission beside him. STell the Franksh to be' seited'' said the vizier, in a stern, 'low 'tone, 'aind give them r-'hese commands .were obeyed. Beth'the briinet and the earl 'flt themselves relieved by having something to do. ' Ask the'strangers from the Feringhee land,' seid the vizier, himself puffing at a long bubble bubble,!' what they want in the land of his im. penrial majesty.' . ' Curiosity to visit his dominions.' ' Then why has not their 'consiulpresented them ?' Arethey not aware that to land here without authority, and without.paying respect to his! highness, is a crime punihlable with" death ?' The twoEnglishmen bowed their heads, and profess?d their ignorance.' " :*:"Which of the giaoursecalls himself the Earl of Ravensbourne.?'. suddenly asked the vizier, speaking English; with a very strong ana pecu liar accent,.to a keen ear evidently assumed. 'I do,' gasped the earl . . 'Because some years ago-+it may be' ten when I was a young man, a giaour who served' my former, master called himself by that name.' 'I had. a nephew,' replied the: earl hastily, ' who about that time disappeared. H wvas travelling here, it 'is true; but he wedt ashore, and never returned,' " ' And what do you think became of him I? returned'the moollahcoldly . . ' Dead of course,' the other. answered, try ing every way to reober' his's enity ; 'or he leng before this would have turned up to claiii his.property and estates.' " ' S'I thought, perhaps, you had come in search. of the lost heir,' said the moollah coldly ;'If not..what'is your business here ?' ' We are' simply travellers, bent on seeing foreign countries,' eaclaimed the earl, rather flippantly. .. ... . hat is so,' asai Sir Thomas.' ' As such y6u are entitled to the iprotection of the governinibnt,' the vizier said,;' but it has been whispered to his imperial msjesty you have other designs.' ' Perhaps your highness will explain.': S'It is not for me to unveil state secret-,', was the cold response, "but it is said you have some insane project of carrying off certain' beauties of the harem.' 'Your highness !' .!Yes. I call you hither to warn you. The rumour comes in a roundaboutway. Had I the slightest ground for suspecting the accusa tion to be true, on my head be it; I would have you torn to pieces with wild horses,' was the savage and stern response. Both hastened to assure the despotic minister 1 ' that they had no'meaning of the kind. 'Beware then what you do. The eyes of authority gaze on you. 'At the slightest slip, you will be cast into dungeons from which you will never escape,' ' We have firmens, we have protection from Gibraltar,' faltered: Sir Thomas. L It's a long way off. 'Once in the dungeons of the palace, you would never be inquired after,' was the cold 'response ; 'you are warned ; go.' And'the two men hurried away to their home in' the house of the slave dealer. When they were alone the earl burst forth. ' Confound the inisolent scoundrel !' he cried,' after drinking a tumbler of brandy; 'I would I had him' by the throat ; he should repent keeping us on therack thus-' -' He seemed to hit you hard,' said Sir Thomas, in a dry tone:. 'I hate the fellow.' ' IIq only does his duty.' SYou think so,' said the earl searcastically ; ' the day and the hour may come when he may have to repay me for this insolence.' ' You speak as if you had done him some fearful wrong,' sneered Sir Thomas. The earl bounded up, pale and livid: ' What do you mean, 'man ?' he cried. ' I mean, as if he had done you some great wrong,' stammered the baronet. ' Thoen be more guarded with your words. Hero comes the slave dealer.' i" .The corsair entered with a dark and gloomy tbrow ; ; .. . ,r. ,f 'Is anything tho malter?' '' When the father of evil sent woman into this world, surely it was to plague man and drive him mad,' he said. 'Perhaps. 0 Suleiman, you will indulge in an original remark toll 'us something we do not know,' replied the earl, petulantly. ' Has any thing happened ?' ' May the father of all lies take her-I mean, may her highness be happy; but she has placed me in a great difficulty.' ' How so ?': 'The Circassian girl-Medorn-has so infe tatuated his majesty that he has made her first favourite.' '-What then ?' " ' 'In the first burst of his' Othiusiasm, he hbn told her to do what she likes with'the three Feringhee houris,' continued the corsair. ' What has she decided ?'.. 'To sell them as slaves to someone who will transport them far away from the eniperor's reach,' continued the corsair.' ' But does not. that exactly suit our plans ?' asked Sir Thomas. ' Youre, but not mine,' was the dry response. '"How so?' ' 'When his imperial highnesa wearies of his doll, he will ask for the three maidens, and not findingthem, everybody who had any hand' in taking them'away would die,' (T be continued.) According to our cable messages Wednesday (writes the Argus) affairs in Anam are looking unfavorable for the French. The commander of the Chinese troops on the Anamese fron tier has declared that the Chinese rights over Anam will be upheld by the army. It is reported also that the tort of Hanoi, situated on the river of the same name, has been re-captured by the Anamese:. At the commtence ment of hostilities the French occupied the fort, 'and it was fromi there that they made the recent movement, which resulted in their, repulse with consi derable 16ss, including the commander, General Riviro. It.was stated that the Anamese, endoiiri~ ed b'y'tlieir suc cess, had since advanced and ,surroun ded the fort, which contained 'only a small French garrison. It wmai 'next repdrted, that the garrison had been relieved by 'French' gunboats. " Stinld the report that the place has been captured by the'enemy before the ar rival of reinforcements which were recently despatched to". Anam, prove correct, the French will have sustained a reverse which, in view of the hostile attitude of Chida, may prove senrious. Mr. Gladstone, replying to a question in the-House of'Commons on Monday, declined to give anyri reasons for not appointing the Duke of Albany Gover. norGeneral or Canada. A recent cable message stated that the Marquis of Landsdowne had been appointed:as.the Marquis, of Lorne's .successor. . The ',Standard' suggests that 'when a :va 'ancy' occurs His Royal' ' Highness should be appointed Governor of Newv South Wales or Victoria.. . The' libel actidin of Hunt v Syme,. in *hich Mr: Patrick Hunt, of Reedy Crkee, mining manager, sued the pro 'prietors of thei Age for £2000 damages c for an alleged libel. 'The jury, after t deliberating for about twvo hours, re turned a verdict for the plaintiff, da-t mages one farthing. 