Loved and Lost. I was the other day in a beautiful residence, where I have often been entertained before. There was a large gathering of friends, for this family I knew had been prominent for their hospitality. I knew that total abstinence had not been smiled upon there, but I was astonished when I sat down at the table to notice that there were no wine glasses. I almost took it as a compliment to myself in my foolishness ; but, whispering to the lady, I said: " I see no wine-glasses here; are you teetotalers for the day because I am here ?" And I saw in a moment the change in her face. She said: "I have something to tell you about that." As soon as dinner was over, she said to me: " You asked me about the wine-glasses ?" I said : " Yes, I noticed their absence." " I will tell you the reason. You remember my Willie?" "Oh! yes; I remember Willie well." " was he not a bonny boy ?" she asked, with tears in her eyes. "Yes," I said, "one of the finest lads I ever knew." " Yes," she said, " and he was my pride. You know he used wine freely. You know that the leading ministers in the connexion had always made this house their home, and that they have always been welcome. I used to allow the children to stay up when the ministers were here to have the benefit of their conversation. The children had half a glass of wine, ministers a full glass, and so had their father. By-and-bye," she said, " I noticed what aroused my suspicion. William used to come home smelling of wine, and I didn't like it. I spoke to him, and he said there was no danger; he had only been meeting a few friends. By-and- bye I noticed he was husky, and at last he came home in a state that made my heart achc. One night he came home quite, drunk. I could not conceal it from his father. His father is a hot-tempered man. He met him in the lobby, and bitter words passed. His father ordered him out of the house, and he went, and for months we never knew what became of him. Father would not let us mention his name, and I and his sisters could do nothing but pray. We did not know whether he was dead or alive; and one night when the servants had gone to bed, and we were sitting together, I suddenly heard a noise, and I thought it was Willie's voice. I dared not speak. My husband looked round and said: 'Did you hear anything? I thought I heard a voice. I believe,' he said, 'it is Willie. Just go to the door and see.'" She said: " I went to the door, and there he stood, more like a ghost than a young man. He looked at me, and I said: ' Willie ?' ' Mother,' he said,' will you let me in ?' ' Ay, my lad you ought never to have gone away. Come in, come in'; and " she said, " I had to lend him my arm. ' Don't take me into the drawing-room; take me into the kitchen. I feel, mother, as if I were dying.' 'No my lad, you shall not die.' ' Will you make me a basin of barley broth like you used to make me ?' 'I will make yon anything you like, my boy, but you mustj come upstairs and lie down.' 1 O mother ? I can't take it. I feel as if I was fainting.' I called his father, and ho came, but didn't say an angry word to him. He could not when he saw the state he was in. We carried him upstairs and laid him down upon the bed, and after a moment's pause he said: ' Father, the drink has killed me.' ' No, my boy,' said his father,' we shall bring you round yet.' ' Never, father—God be merciful to me a sinner'—and his head fell back, and there was an end of our boy in this life. His father stood and looked at Willie as he lay there,and said tome: 'Mother, tbe drink has killed our Willie, and there shall never be another drop of drink in this house while I am alive.' " Sir and gentlemen (continued Mr. Garrett), there are many Willies. I am at the head of a mission in Liverpool, and I can truly say there is not a week in which I do not have a Willie, or a letter about a Willie, from some respectable Methodist home blighted and withered by this terrible cursc. Is this a mere idle whim that we are speaking about? Ought we not to battle with it now and ever, and exert all the power we possess in order to rescue the young people of our land, and make England what it ought to be ? May God help us! (Cheers.)— Garrett. Rev. Chat. ? 