THE French invasion of Madagascar may prove to be the first chapter of a new volume of woes for France itself. That events would take this, direction sooner or later was perfectly clear to any person who has watched the recent course of things in Europe. It is the misfortune of the invading nation that a foreign war of some kind is forced upon it by the sheer necessity of its position. Since the date of the German war, it has been at peace, and the Republic appeared to be settling down into a condition of permanent stability and internal quiet. But, all at once, when nobody was thinking of it, the " Red Spectre" makes its appearance, and the entire population are thrown into a state of profound alarm. Was the Republic threatened with a fresh outbreak of Communism ? Were there indications of another rising of those dangerous classes which form the constant terror of Paris and of the Government ? For a time it did actually seem so; and' it was only by the vigorous application, of physical force that the appalling danger was, for the time, overcome. But the fact was disclosed that the same dangerous classes were in profound commotion. There was no asssurance that another outbreak of Communism might not occur at any time: and the heads of the Republic were driven upon the old expedient of despotism—the quieting of the disturbance at home by creating commotion abroad. This was the policy of the First NAPOLEON, as well as of his successor who took the same title; and it has likewise been the policy of all tyrants in all ages and countries of the world. A cause of quarrel must be got up at any cost, or on any pretence, so that the thoughts and the attention of the nation may be called off from the internal troubles, and. the patriotic feelings of Frenchmen of all classes may be brought into activity. The Republic is still La Jielle France, the arbiter of the destinies of Europe, and the terror of the world beyond—at least, euch popular superstition must be maintained. Tins is the real meaning of the busy eagerness manifested' by the French Government to get np a " row " in Tonquin, even at the risk of bong brought face to face, with the vast Chinese empire in arms, . It is,. similarly, the true interpretation of the attack upon Madagascar— an act of the most wanton aggression, and iu violation of all the laws of nations, which may, for aught the wisest man in France knows, be ultimately followed by a general European war. All this was, as nearly as evasive words could show it, declared in a recent speech made in the Chamber of Deputies by M. CHALLKMEL LACOUR, ex-Minister for Foreign Affairs. The ex- Minister made no secret of the avowal that France was getting weaiy of the " long canker of peace," and that foreign conquest was necessary to uphold the power and prestige of the Republic amongst the nations of Europe, Then, it is notorious that the ground of quarrel alleged by the French Government against the people of Madagascar is of the most frivolous and groundless kind. ' It will not stand examination for a moment* -When the envoys from Madagascar stated .their case to Lord GRAimLLE,'the Secretary J of State for Foreign Affairs, he entered -earnestly into their complain.ts, and &t; "once, offered to^medwte between themi en«4 and the tlta French IjVnwJ, Government. f^jjfc,'. I • 'Bat T>— J- hie I_- friendly remonstrances were' rebelled, and .Mi mediation was enmmstrily re- jected. It was ss plain to apprdtensniQ as any fact conld be"that the fixed pnipose of the French Government was to attack Madagascar, with er Without a decent pretest; and, as England did not actually bint the possibility of taking sides in the pending .conflict with the wronged and outraged people of Madagascar, the design was at once put into Execution. The country has been entered by the French; its port of commerce has been bombarded and captured; the high mad from the sea to the capital has been barricaded; and the Queen Is threatened with siege in her metropolis. The subjugation of the ieland kingdom is.plainly determined.on, and no mercy is to be shown to the unoffending and- solelyoppreseed Malagasies! Hie intelligence has come to us that Lord GRANVILLE, upon hearing of these proceeding^ telegraphed to the >f reach Government «n expression of his regret. But tills only the diplomatic .method of hinting tint "the British nation vie ws^with deep .indignation <4ie enormouf crime against civilisation «nd the law x>f ^nations which has been perpetrated in this case, and may possibly take part in. die quarrel in a way &kt; the SVench nation will not very much relish. In fact, it is difficult to see how England can look ,on calmly, and see Madagascar trampled under the iron hoof of France without lifting & finger. England, it is true, does not claim possession of the island, bat neXhertheless die has a verv laree large interest in .it She- has done much towards tbe civilisation end Christianisation of its people; and British subjects hold very extensive interests in the island. Then, the occupation of Madagascar by a foreign Power would be a menace to Mauritius, which is a British possession; and this is a true cause of quarrel between any two civilised nations.. Again, Madagascar lies in the very highway of communication between Great Britain and her Australian possessions. It blocks the way, and its occupation by a foreign Power thus becomes a menace to the commerce of the empire. All these considerations, added to the clear and ondonbted fact that France is utterly and indefensibly in the wrong in her invasion of Madagascar—has no better defence to pat forward for the act than the burglar has for breaking into a house *t midnight and plundering it —lead distinctly op to the conclusion that England will feel bound to interpose for the protection of the people of the island kingdom. And if that should happen, who can foretell what the sequel may be! IK its endeavors to keep in existence the Kational Registration Society, a Conservative institution started in the troublous times of 1878, the Argus does the Liberals of Victoria a most unprovoked injustice. There is not a Liberal in the colony who cares one farthing whether the National Registration Society continues alive, or becomes a ghost of the past; but every Liberal does care about the sins of that organisation bong thrust upon the shoulders of himself and his parly. This, however, is what the Argus endeavored to do yesterday; and we must say that Anything more unjust in political warfare has rarely been at- tempted. ;The necessity for these remarks lies in the'circuinstance, that the main reason urged by the Argus why the subscribers to the National Registration Society should keep that society aUve iE, that from. 187S up to'the present time the society baa kept the Liberals .'from stuffing the rolls, and thus done. good service to the community. Furthermore, it is asserted that the National Registration Society has been the means of purging the rolls of dummy votes which the Liberals had freely foisted upon them to get their candidates elected. Now we give the most complete contradiction to these assertions that we have the mental power to formulate. There is absolutely not a word of truth in these statements, for it has always been the pride of the Liberals that they have never tampered with the rolls — never done anything, either before or at elections, that will not bear the closest and most vigilant scrutiny. Believing that the success of democracy depends upon its respectability and honesty, the liberals have always abstained from tampering with any part of the electoral machinery, risking rather defeat than endeavoring to secure a victory by fraud, or by any other kind of double- dealing. The charge made by the Argus in its yesterday's leader, is, therefore, as groundless as anything could possibly be, and no excuse can be made by our contemporary for indulging in such an extraordinary fiction. -But this cannot be said for the Conservative party, whose meddling with the Electoral Act haB been chronic. Witness the cases which came' before the registration court in MjeUxmrae a few years ago in support of this statement; and witness also the Bacchus Harsh and other exploits in favor of the same contention. In the Bacchus Marsh case, land was cut up into small parcels solely to increase the Conservative vote; and the same thing has been done in many other parts of the country. Iu Melbourne, the practice of faggot-voting has been resorted to by the Conservatives, on the largest possible scale, and some of the banks, not only in Melbourne, but in some of the country districts also, have similarly brokeir the spirit of the law, and bedraggled even its letter. It is notorious that by this means success was achieved in West Melbourne against tbe Liberal party—the very place of all others which is used by the Argus to fix this stigma upon the Liberals! In the face of these facte, it is not a little amusing to find the Argus holding up the Liberals as rollstuffers, when they get the chance; and claiming that the Conservatives have been free from any such wrong. It is alcsoet as comical indeed, as it would be to hear a convicted prispner declaring the prosecutor guilty of the actual crime for which the temporary inhabitant of the dock was about to be sentenced. The fact is, our contemporary has taken the political vices of the Conservatives, and nffiliH^d them all—stock, lock, and barrel— upon the Liberals, in order to make np a reason why the National Registration Society should be kept alive. It is not a bad idea. Nay,' there is something quite ingenious — 1 \- , , , . - . < __ fortunately fdr ~our coitemmiKity, this is just • .I the J1 .element ' 1 'si in - its -. ebneofction - ' that Is wanting. A history. of the National Registration' Society by-Mr THOMAS BENT would.be gladly received by the general public; and it is to be hoped a work" of this kind will be speedily forthcoming. THE suggestion made by Councillor WILSON, on Monday afternoon last, with reference to the Trades' Hall question, seems to us to be en exceedingly good one, and we shall wait with some tit^ interest to hear the decision of the trades in the matter. Councillor WILSON'S suggestion is, that the Trades' Hall should be joined to the City Free Library, and that the badness of both should be done in the oue building; Councillor WIL- SON bang of opinion that the City Council'will come down with a handsome donation- towards meeting the' cost of erecting * building on the ate ofthe City Free library for the two purposes, if. his enggeetian should be adopted. It appears to ns that this is a very happy thonght, as its realisation would >^Seot: six objects. Firstly, a central siteV would be secured by the trades to sieet -and discuss their affairs; secondly, there wonld be such a widespread interest taken in the evo^} that tbe money necessary to erect a fine, handsome, and imposing structure would be easily obtained; thirdly, the present Pent ridge-like building would be swept away,and its site occupied by a building worthy of the city and its resources: fourthly, the cost of care-taking would be kept down, because it is always cheaper to look after one building than two; fifthly, it wpuld place the Trades' Hall In 'a commanding position instead of being shunted off; into a back street; and sixthly, it would practically supply the Trades' Hall with a library, as tbe nucleus has already been laid for the purpose. Besides all. these objects which the adoption of Councillor WILSON'S suggestion would effect, this fact has to be added—that two birds, so to speak, v would be killed by the one shot, or rather two good ends would be attained by Councillor Wnsos*s suggestion being accepted. A substantial Free Library would be secured, as well good central Trades' Hall, because a handsome«ubsidy could be got from the Government, and liberal subscriptions from the general public also, if . the - two " projects were united in one; and this coupled with the indirect pledge of the City Council, ss illustrated by Councillor -WILSON'S remarks, means the erection of the new building without any delay, - and without any vexatious friction. The only possible objection to the new proposal that we can think of is, that the new building would be nnder a sort of divided authority, whereas a Trades' Hall would be under only, one, as it has only one object to serve. But this objection in no way outweighs the advantages to "be obtained on the other side, because any feeling of this kind could be swept away by the trades having vested in them the sole and entire management of the new building in all its phases. We redly think Councillor WILSON'S idea is a very good and practical oae to 'meet the wants of • both the readers trt, tbe City Free Library and the needs of die trades. -But/it is ..for the trades to decide Hie question among themselves; and no little interest will be felt in the decision which they will come to on the subject. Our subscribers, we are sure, will overlook' theiste dfeliveiy of The, Courier yesterday morning, when we tell them that just as (be paper was going to press, the driving bar of the machine broke, thus rendering the machinery useless for eome hones. We are indebted to the aid of the proprietor of the Star for printing off yesterday's issue, that gentleman coming to our aid u soon as the requirements" of bis own office would allow, to extricate us from sn'awkward and unexpected difficulty. Typhoid fever baa created sad havoc in the family of Mr Andrew. Hiid, residing at Brown Hill, of the firm of Beid Brothers, 'bus proprietors. Two children died a few weeks since from the fever, and a little eoa a couple of days aince euccnmbed. The funeral of the latter took place yesterday. It was headed bj^a number of tbe children of Mr Potter's State school and Mr Potter himself, in respect to their deceased playfellow. There was a large number of vehicles, and the utmost sympathy Is felt for Mr Beid in his terrible misfortunes. One of the brothers Beid, it will be remembered, also died a short time ago, News of the sudden death in Melbourne of Mr Wm. M inton, formerly of Ballarat East and a honorary member of the Ballarat Fire Brigade, was received by telegram yesterday. In respect to the memory of the deceased, the flagat the Fire Brigade tower was hoisted half-mast. A man named Henry Parrott, employed at Mr Whelan's farm, Warrenheip, was ad mitted to the Hospital yesterday suffering from a badly lacerated arm, caused by a threshing machine more than a week since. Three persons were charged at the City Police Court yesterday* with lunacy, two of whom were discharged, snd the third committed to the Ararat Asylum. Another batch of these unfortunates was also transmitted by rail from Ararat to K e w yesterday. The mortal remains of the late Mr Morgan Lee were interred in their last resting-place, the Ballarat New Cemetery, yesterday. At .seven o'clock in the morning a mass for the dead was celebrated in the Etonian Catholic Cathedral, and at ten o'clock a requiem hig mass • was . held. Dean Moore officiating, assist"*! by eight of. the Boman Catholic clergymen. At the latter mass the church was crowded by the friends of deceased, who testified the respect in which Mr Lee was held by their presence. At intervals during the day the cathedral bell tolled out its dirge- like tones for the dead. At eight o'clock'in the morning the coffin was removed from the deceased's late residence to tile church, and at three o'clock it was borne by the pall-bearers from thence to the heaise, which was drawn by four horses. The pall-beargrs were Mr Lee's three sons (at the expressed wish of deceased prior to bis death), and Messrs J. J. Fitzgerald, M being borne from the cathedral the Dead March was played ontbe organ by M Furlong. The funeral was very largely attended by many of our molt influential citizens, and was preceded by two Catholic clergymen. The mournful proi wended ita way down Start street and -np Lydiard street tothe New Cemetery, when the coffin was carried from the hearse to the. grave by the three Messrs Lee and Mr Finlay, while Father Doyle preached tbe Boman Catholic burial service. Mr Wellington had charge of the mortuary arrangements, The following mines were inspected alid reported upon by Mr C. Stewart during the week ending 18th June, 18S3:—Baninyong division — Webb's Freehold, Baninyong. Estate, Buninyong United, Desoza, Democrat, Dolcoath, South Imperial, North Imperial, Zulu. _ Smythesdale division—No, 5 Reform. A coTOspondent from Piggoreet writes:— "The many friends of MrJ. Bruce will be eorry to hear of his death after a short illness. He was highly respected in the dia trict, where be bad resided for. twenty yean* He was- of a most amiable disposition, fle leaves a wife and one son." - . On the 13th instant a' very pleasing ceremony . Was- performed' by the Ker. Johnson Mercer,;as®. JohnVChnrcK. Soldiera' BBU." The Juq>py couple were MrGeeige Bird aad Miss Alexandria - Howard, of'Do.vcton stxieet north. The bride wis attired in Bilver grey silk, attended by two bridesmaids, the Misses Mateer and Bird, who were also very prettily attired in pale pinfc^ nun's veiling. The church' was Jthronged with numbers of fheiair sex. After the ceremony the happy couple left the church amidst showers of rice and good wishes, for tbe residence of the bride% sister, .and after partaking of a anmptoona breakfast, departed by the afternoon train for Melbourne, where they lire now spending tbe honeymoon. We are pleased to state that Mr Thomas Williamson, late clerk in the ticket department at "the 'Western railway station, has been deservedly appointed as operator in charge- of , the Maryborough station. Mr Williamson has been some four years here, and his civilityand geniality in the performance of his duties gained himahoetof friends," who will be gladto hear of bis promotion. M Slattoiy. lately relieving at the Maryborough station, fillsthe vacancy caused by Mr Williamson's departure. Mr A. Anderson, J,P., yesterday held a tagisterial-..enquiry into the cause of the death of tbe late O. M. Nicholson. Dr Eastwood, who. bad mEde. a poetmortem. \- examination, deposed - that the heart was very much diseased, and in his opinion fatty degeneration of the heart was the causo of death. Averdict in acoordance with the medical testimony was ratomed. . There are to be some changes made in Jthe staff of tbe teachfess of the Buninyoag .State Echoot. MrTuciker, firstassigtant, liaa4»en appointed be*d teacher ^to this Scotchman's school. Ihis ^enHeman, siincs be has been Jn Bunioyong, ins won. great esteem and respect, hsth u a teacher and resident; by. his attention to duties and consistency of character. Miss L. L. Sleeman, who b«i been many years teacbing-in the san' ecbi*i!, ! has been appointed to the Brown Hi.' _:V.j *, Ballarat. She has always been a f»V'-r:fcr both with the children and their gireuta. I who are expressing great regret tae i prospect of losing her. ! In Ballarat East a house-to-hous inr motion is being again made by the ins-;.", c; nuisances. Yesterday the blcckB " . .. East and Prince's streets were inepecul, orders were given for removal of cesspits in a few instances, and one or two other alterations, in default of which legal proceedings will be taken. A member of tbe Solvation Army, whose name we did not learn,, had his face cut badly last night by a stone, hurled apparently by someone in the crowd which gathered to hear the open-air service at the Galloway monument. T£e victim was a mild looking young man, but be did not bear his sufferings calmly, for he exclaimed to a comrade, " And this is what one gets lor being a Salvation soldier!" A woman named Mary Blackwell, residing in English street, Golden Point, was treated at the Ballarat Hospital yesterday for a broken collar-bone, caused through falling from a table on which afihe had been standing. A laborer named James Magill was yesterday found by "Constable O'Grady wandering aimlessly about the Western railway station. He was warned to keep away, but as he still hovered round the lines, as if desirous of getting iu the way of an engine, he was taken in charge and locked up. He will be dealt with at the City Police Court today. A dairyman named Burns is reported have had a milk can and some milk stolen from his cart yesterday in Start street, while he was at a bouse delivering some tnilk. The following were elected first officers oF the newly- established Haddon branch cf the Anstral:an Natives' Association:— President, Mr G. B. Ewart; vice-presi dent, Mr Geo. Fuller; treasurer, Mr Geo. Goble; secretary, Mr Geo. Blaikie; assistant secretary, Mr Bichd. Snell; committee— Messrs Spencer, Day, Mitchell, T. Patterson, and W. Patterson; trustees — Messrs Ewart, Saell, and Spencer. At the Ballaiat local land board yesterday, Mrs Walker, the widow of the heroic Egerton miner Robert Walker, was the successful applicant, against three others, for 20 acres of land neat Egerton, upon which she intends to reside with her two children. The Kennedy family cf Scotch singers attended service at St. John's Presbyterian Church, Peel street, last Sunday. After service Mr Kennedy, .sen., bad a look through the Sunday school library, and observing that there was room' for more books, left a cheque for £o. for that purpose. This was' not the 'only instance of Mr Kennedy's .generosity while in Ballarat, as he handed over twenty-five tickets for his entertainment to the Bev. J, W. Inglis for distribution .amongst -the old and poor "Scotch bodies'" intimating that Mr Inglis could have more if he wished. Tbe friends of Mr Georgfe Goddard, East street, jvill be .glad to learn that be is recovering from bis recent very severe illness, bis life, in fact, at one time having been despaired of. Mr Goddard is gaining in strength, and was up yesterday for tbe first time since his illness. John Cos tin, an old resident of Ballarat appeared on remand at the City Police Court, yesterday, charged with vagrancy, but as Dr Bunce bad certified that Costin was insane, the charge of vagrancy was withdrawn, and that of lunacy substituted. Dr Bradford, who was called, would not certify to the prisoner's insanity, and as he had friends in court willing to take care of liim, Costin was discharged. In another column will be found an account of s boiler explosion at Messrs Brown and Biddle's sawmills, Bolwarra. Fortunately no lives were lost, but the engine-driver, Edward Amess, sustained Bome slight bruises.' A contingent of the " Salvation Army," under Captain Lindsay, visited Ballarat yesterday, and held forth in the evening at tbe Galloway monument, and subsequently at the Alfred , Hall, to large crowds. Captain Lindsay was assisted by several "officers" and numerous hallelujah lasses. Tbe ir Ci y was disposed of in large numbers at the hall. The evangelistic services conducted by Messrs - Hamson and Isaac were continued last evening in the Dawson Street Baptist Church. " The large assemblage evidenced the interest taken iu the meeting. During the evening Mr Isaac spoke very earnestly from Bev. iii. 20—" Behold, I stand at the door and knock, and if any hear my voice I will come into "him, and sup with him, and he with me." There was a prayer meeting held afterwards. Services will be continued during the week—prayer meetings from half-past twelve till half-pastone, and gospel meetiogs at half-past seven, preceded by a short prayer meeting. There were ten deaths from typhoid fever in Ballarat and its suburbs last month. . h concert, the proceeds of which are to help to defray expenses recently incurred for repairs at tbe Wesleyau Church at Scotchman's Lead, was held in that building on Friday evening last. A rather lengthy programme of choice selections of sacred and secular music, recitations, and dialogues, was gone through in first-class style, and the efforts of the performers were duly appreciated by a fairly large audience. The musical part of tbe entertainment was contributed by members of the Lydiard street Wesleyan choir, viz., Mrs Eyres, the Misses Horsley, and Worrali, and Messrs Bond and Davey, with Mr Charles "Eyres as accompanyist. TCie recitations and dialogues were both interesting and instructive, and were contribured by the following members of the local choir:—Messrs Parker, r Cutter, Odgers, Hampton, A. Parker, and E. Cutter, and Messrs C. Parker and W . Hooker. In the absence of one of tbe circuit ministers, the chair was ably filled by Mr Bond, of Ballarat The singing of the National Anthem brought a thoroughly enjoyable entertainment to a close. The performers were afterwards regaled with refreshments, provided by aoine Jady members of the chnrch. The success of the concert must be very gratifying to Mr Hayward, the superintendent,^ who undertook the carrying out of the. arrangements. Wtll-IlnAwn poetoh Soldiers' HHl recently propoundedto his children a question promising that the first catechumen should have 5s. The question was—Who was the author of the lines Idres of great men all remind as, We _And, departing, leave behind as Footprint! onthe sands of time. One of the -youngsters, short, sharp and decisive, at once replied—<"' Why, of course, Dr L. L. Smith." The mistake was, no doubt, pardonable. Atea meeting, for the purpose of bidding adieu tothe Bev, Mr Morgans and Mrs Morgans, was held at the Zion Church, Sebastopol, on Monday evening. "The rev. gentleman is about to proceed, to New South Wales, : Aftertea a, pnblic . mectiBg was held, at which .the "Bev. -W.- Thomas presided.' Addresses were given by the chairman. Mr Tod Thomas, Mr Evan Jenkins; Mr James Hughes, Mr J. Howells, Mr Willianas, Mr^Rees Dsyiea, and Mr T. Butler; all of whom .spoke in. very gratifying terms of Mr nnd Mrs Morgans. Mra Thomas presented the Bev. Mr Morgans with a copy of Farrat^s history of the "Early Days of Christianity," « a marie of the esteem in which he is held by the members of the church. Mr Morgans responded in feeling terms. Tbe choir ably sang some very nice selections of music, under the leadership of Jenkins. The meeting broke np, all wishingMr and Mra Morgans prosperity in their new sphere of labor. We have received from the Government of Tasmania a" copy of "The Official Handbook of Tasmania," compiled nnder the instruction of the Government Board of Immi station of that colony, by Mr Thomas C. Just" r The object is to disseminate information in "Europe as to being a fine field for immigration. The Prfemier of New Zealand (says the Argiif) on Monday telegraphed to Mr Service, intimating that be proposed testing the question as- to whether or not his colony should bear a share of the oost of governing New Guinea and the -New Hebrides, by moving a resolution .in the Legislative Assembly now §n session. Mr Service r ceived this intimation with ereat satisfaction, xud Btafes ihat if oeceadty -arises be will follow atumilar conrae when the Victorian PorliamentaaBemtisa. Mr W. H.'Grainger, inspector of mines, on Monday ^proceeded,, in the Sandhurst Police Court, (says the Age) against Matthe Lackey, the mining manager of the South Bed, White, and BluaCampany, for a breach of the Mining Begulations, 'by leaving his shaft in a dangerous waditipu. Defendant j picaj-:-; VJC^-J in an ur-per -^-j? I ylawj the eU» ft In a f wUcii Ivsi^j i-.:r j csr-r !20 f«t. nodv-at IT. ,, vxm-Ai^g ij ths in.- ' *<•«« i!:.^ ;; S t l lj ^Vs",'...; it'CllKf 0D ttlP sr?.-,..-rati the Ii-i 12th July next The action of the (V, Looge in this matter is in answer &L.P;?" * lectures in the town. "io 8 to 8ed t Fitzroy Presbyterian Chnrch, the ot^a-from h e the Cairns Memorial?* East Melbourne. The oriai Chn ^nrch. Uttehave received an in^aH"^^ Buchanan, who is at present in BIB intention to accept their calL M r proceed to Baltimore for the pnrpose rrfh * 0 1 mg out his family, and rtorSvYfi? i?™* m turn to Melbourne he will b e f j ^ " - Hie Melbourne correspondent of «, Ararat Advertiser writes-—" I t - I \- well-known Sydney tdsgnSh^ffi^ tte who at one time was in t ^ i ^ m ^ 1 vice, has invented an encouragement in Australia, and - ,? likelihood take bis invention tTthe^fa^ Clen The Shops Commission (t»vs rti„ n* held a private sitting at tbe WT^""^ hotel on Tuesday The memhL y Major Smith ( c h ^ n n ^ ^ f e reasn, ^ and Gardiner, farther wnsidereT thf^ posals to establish courts of ^ trade disputes. When theCo^S.* o n f o r t adopted a settled be ventilated throughtte pablf/^f ^ tie Adelaide CriminU S i t ^ ^ " day. Judge Boucaut, who p-Sd ^ 1 mented severely upon the S o S o ? ^ Kingston, who was prosecuting f o r SI Grown, who, he said, seemed to be by biassed motives rather^i,^^ topUcethe fact, before t h T ^ ^ S between the Crown Kpresen^thT^Z and the prisoner at the bar. HeTr^ home tolbed with Borrow dteiggBts m Geelong and suburbs to cbse their basiness establishments «t nine o'dSk each evening,, except on Saturdays. TS new arrangement will come into loree on ik. 1st July. The shutters will SM K ™ on each Thursday rfterooon, to bTiite^ mg with the general balf-holiday movement At any hour during the day or night cases of emergency will be duly attended to. ^ ^ The Government (sayB the Argus) havine obtained an extension of time for the remowa tk? Mil contacted for from Ke^imC Hill, intend to reduce the numberof theSea at present employed on the work. A notice ltts accordingly been issued to a nnmber cf the laborers that their services will be dispensed with three months hence. It i8 C I pected thtft the hands dispensed with will be readily , secured by the many private contractors, who have been complaining 0f late of a scarcity of labor. 6 Mr S. C. Whiddons, a solicitor, of Efiabeth street, Sydney, has received intimation (Bays the Age) that a suit in Chancery, in which £230,000 was involved, and which hss been going on for twenty-three years, has now been decided in favor of Mr Whiddons and those who were parties with him in it Hia share amounts to £60,000. The second of the winter ccnree of lectures will be delivered in the Ballarat Mechanics' Institute on Thursday evening (to-morrow*, by Mr H. A. Strong, professor of classics iu the Melbourne University. The subject, " Paul Louis Courier, the soldier-satirist of the French restoration,"' should attract a large audience, and the high reputation of the learned lecturer will doubtless be an additional atl raction. It is hoped that the note of success struck by the first of the series will be continued by this and succeeding lectures, thus showing that high-class lectures are appreciated by the Ballarat public. The Bev. A. B. EJgar will lecture oa " William Haslam, ritualist and revivalist," in the Bible Christian Church, Armstrong street, this evening, at hclf-past seven. Mr Morgan will preside, and there will be music by the choir. A special meeting of the committee of the Ballarat Horticultural Society, to revise the schedule, will be held at the Alfred Hall this evening, at half- past seven. The Bev. D. G. Buchanan, a famous preacher from Baltimore, U.S.A. will deliver sermons at St. John's Presbyterian Church, Peel street, on tUfc 1st July. A bazaar in aid of the fnnds for decorating the Boman Catholic Church at Bnngaree Junction will be opened in the Hibernian Hall this afternoon, at four o'clock, and be continued to-morrow. Arrangements are being made for an entertainment in Ballarat shortly by W. Miller, the victor in the late glove contest in Sydney. The exhibition will probably take place is Ml^aren's hsll, Bridge street. A meeting of woodcartera and others will be held at Mr B. James' Lai Lai Falls hotel, next Friday evening, at seven o'clAck, to consider the question of freight charged at the lignite riding. . A meeting of the friends and sympathisers of Hr J. E. Redmond will be held in the Hibernian Hall, Daftson street, this evening, at eight o'clock, to- take steps to welcome him to Ballarat .Where tickets can be obtained for the return ball to Mayor Feiguson, of Ballarat East, and Mrs Ferguson, on the 25th instant will be found described in our advertising columns. A meeting of the Australian Natives' Association will be held at the Lyceum Hall this evening, at eight o'clock, for the nomination of officers and other business. In connection with the Mount Wallace Coursing Club, the All-aged Stakes will be run off on the 16th July and following days, if necessary, at Ballark. Full particulars will be found in our advertising columns. , A meeting of tinsmiths, ironworkers, snd japsnners will be held at the Bnck's Bead hotel this evening at eight o'clock, to consider the question of a reduction iu the boors of labor. ' There will be an evening party at ths British Queen hotel, Haddon, on tbe 27th instant 