MISCELLANEOUS. The Prince of Wales has been created a general in tins Pnisstttu army, and the Emperor has presented him with a switch from the Hohenzollern Museum. 'the Messageries Maritimes Company have just completed another new steamer intended "101 the Australian; trade. She is named Sidney, and her gross tonnage U 408 tons and her nominal horse-power 000 On her last trip from Marseilles to Spezzia, she attained a speed of 1 'j 20 knots. She was built in the company's dockyard, and she will leave that port for Australia via Mauritius on the 15th instant. Mr Arthur Hodgson, one of the " pioneer squatters'. Queensland, but for many years resident in England at Stratford-on-Avon, has been selected as the Conservative candidate for Frome at the next general election. An application having been made in the Court of Queen's Bench for leave to file a criminal information against Mr. E F Yates, the proprietor of the Waihi newspaper, for libel, the case came on for argument on March 4. The libel complained of was contained in a paragraph which it was now admitted contained an untrue statement reflecting seriously on the conduct of the Earl of Lonsdale it was urged in extenuation that at the time of publication the proprietor of the Fox Id did not know to whom t he paragraph referred, and that steps had since been taken to remedy a n mischief which might have been done Their clashes, however, made the rule absolute for a criminal information. Says a correspondent of ht J t/tn'r do it -"I can endorse the view taken by 'Germans' of the connection between Home Rule and the Catholic (hinted lm I have a letter from a Jesuit return, dated January 21, 1871 (during the general election, advising.' a cindi anfo it for a seat in Ireland by going in for the following- pr ill in -' Home Rule, Catholic win it on, amnesty (of The i e man prisoners). _ 1 think you may lary commit yourself to " The German newspapers blame Mr I find 11 for not have ing openly condemn 1 the Ph mix Park miners, and say that his omission to do So will be regarded as an encour- aged ment to criminal agitators The State of California has brought an action against the Central Pacific Railway, claiming di races s to the extent of 2 000,000 dollars, on the ground that the company have ignored the provisions of the contract by which they received aid from the State during the construction of a line. The Moniteur de Syme, coiiimonliiiKOu the discussion in the English Parliament on Irish tiff i -a pass " The Irish people must now perceive how fine it is that straight forward and Christian policy is always the best Revolu- tionists who Ransack and murder me but miles worst foes. The I hope, the bls hops, and the clergy , who entreat the wish to use in their struggle noting lit level arms, are Ireland a lest friends, and do more to help Iielnnd'somanci nation lins appears clearer and clear I every day. We Ikewise trust that Mr Ghost he will find the means to separate the cause of it and from that of the partisans of 1 No One,' and will not allow all to expiate the crimes of a few miserable scctTians." 