FROM THE EDITOR'S DRAWER IN 'HARPER' FOR OCTOBER. About the only troubles that come single ara fussy old maids. '(Theso seals,' says a placard in a Hoboken ferryboat, 'are exclusively for ladies, and gentlemen will please not occupy them until tbe ladies arc seated.' A wickcd young man says that he never will, upon any consideration whatever, really believe that a pretty girl knows what a kiss means till he has it from her own mouth. tne man who was mutagen lor a ghost and shot at five times in Milwaukee recently has decided not to wander around the yard nights in his night-gown and slippers, looking lor a cool place. George W. Peck, of Milwaukee, is carrying his right hand around tied up in ajbiu silk handkerchief. He has been bothered almost to death with anxious inquiries as to the nature of the trouble under the handkerchief, and so he has issued the following, addressed to 'The general questioning public:'— «« This.is a boil. Not a carbuncle. Just a boil. I know you have had boils bigger than mine, but this one is big enough for me. I am no hog.. I don't want the biggest boil. Yes, I have tried flaxseed, brcnd-ar.d-milk, and shppery-olm poultices. Each is better than the other, and all of them are frauds. No, the ? bad boy ' has not been playing a joke on me. This is no joke. Yes, I think it is cussedness working out of me. Yes, it has broke— that is, it has made an assignment. No, I don't want another.' — Miiwauka- Wisconsin. ' Where's the post-office!' asked a ccai with a Kentucky jeans on, and wearing a beard from ear to car around the under part of the jaw tuat made him look as though he had -ust put it on for fun. He was walking up the Broadway corridor of the building. ?' This is the building V' ' Yes, sir.' ' Where is the postmaster ? I want to mail this letter.' ' O, I suppose he's upstairs in his office. ' Well, that's good !' ejaculated the countryman. ' Why ain't he here attending to his business !' 'De is, probably.' ' That's good again. I want to get a stamp of him, and lus ought tote here. And you call this the post-office! Where are the fcl!crs F' ' What fellows V ' The fellers that sit around on the barrels and tell stories ' ' Wc don't have them here.' ' ^bfrc's the noospapers wot you get oat o£ the boxes an* read 7' :: None here.' » Where's the feller w'ats got the tcrbacker ' He ain't around.' «' Don't the postmaster read all the postal cards and papers be fore he sends 'em home V ' No.' ' Well, this is the wretch^dest post-office I ever seen. Thev can t get anv three cents from me. Guess I'll take the letter home e Z ^ a^t0,^ard Cortlmd-street scratching under his u&U;—Ncw York ?rorW, 