OUTfriTTTKG THE BUI GATT1>8. (From Chatrib&i; Journal.) I IT was on mob a morning as we fog-nurtured islanders seldom witness. at home, ,that I stood apon the deck ol the good.steamer Coumoundouro$, watching the nesting shores of the Pirmus, whieh as slitne world knows 01 should know, is the sort of .the clsssio city of Athens. The be&utifal; unelo»dec|Bl^y; % bright outline ol the sun-bathed qwU the air laden with theaoent ot the dii^nt.ST^et-. tun; the far eminence with' the granitoid Aoropblis sthnding out wwe *ajl hold ifa the olear atmospber^; and cjoseat hand the mouldering tomh of .Tnemisto'olei-all com bined to arausp such poetic fancies in my mind, tint I forgot .for the moment 4he pro-, s&io; business upon vhioh I hod oome, Tho sore^ihing engine ot (he. busy little railway whidh'carries the traveJlerirom the Firou* to Athens, soon feminded me, however, that I was accredited with a Efiisiioa from a lionden Greek firm to their friends in the Atticaity j jmdl wps,poon: whirling over the sacred ground Where History gives to eretj road t, page I We passed the monuments 01 (hose doughty champions ot the War of Independence, Katalakaltis' and' Miaulis, and man; Other, objects tit interest}' aid after a ride ot three or foot miles, I'found myself at my destina tion. After the. first tew days, I. certainly had a very pleasant time of it, the few hours' frork eaoh day acting only as a stimulus to my varied pleasures; ana having examined the Acropolis, and lunched by the fallen pillar, of Jupiter, seated myself in the ruins of the Pnyx-whence Demosthenes declaimed, and Petioles evolved his plans-I looked around like Alexander, for more worlds to conquer. I thereupon consulted my genial but un washed host, Eyrie Antonio Feriole* Pappa demetracoponlos-Who, although Plato was to him a text-book, and the sayings ot Socrates as familiar as the story of Tommy and Harry to fin English schoolboy, was al ways as dirty as a sweep-upon the pro priety of betaking myself to where The mountains look on Marathon, And Marathon looks on the m*. For one might as well go to Egypt without visiting the Pyramids, or to Rome without entering St. Peter's, as to 'do1 Greeoe and leave Marathon unexplored. And when my best tried to dissuade me by assuring me that a Greek gentleman's ear had been sent a fortnight before by the brigands to his obsti nate relatives, to hurry the negotiations for his r&DBom;, it so roused my blood, that I vowed I would go if 1 returned as close cropped as an English terrier. So away we started-myself and Themis tocles, the son of my host, a sallow unshaven youth dirtier than his father-mounted upon two high spirited donkeys, our revolvers well primed, and our oommissariat well stocked. ' A ilot Eyrie t' shouted my long-named host as we oantered off. ' Never fear,' I replied, waving my revolver defiantly, and feding that I should be greatly disappointed if the rascals did not show them selves. On we went, enjoying the scenery and hold ing a hybrid conversation-he in broken English, and I in sadly mutilated Greek until in the exoitement of the ride, and the glorious panorama constantly unfolding itself to our view, I entirely forgot that there were such beings as brigands in existence. 'How,' said I to Themis tocles, after a ride of some hours, during whioh my appetite had become unpleasantly sharpened,' let ub look about for a spot where we can bivouac in comfort.' We soon found a delightful plaoe, sheltered all round, save where, through a small open ing, wo obtained a view of a charming land scape. Dismounting, and allowing our animals to refresh themselves on the grass, we soon made havoc of the good things we had brought. 1 was lying upon my baok smoking a cigarette alter the meal, gazing dreamily at the blue firmanent; and being too lazy to rise, had called upon Themis tocles to mss the bottle. * Has' (he fellow gone to sleep?'thought X,. still indisposed to turu inv head. ' 'rhsuii* toclesl1 l)ut Thcmiitocles heard ma not; and whan I raited myself npon my elbow, I saw hin standing, an it a track dnmb and motionless with {ear, vtaring apon the opening. Instine tively X leaped up and clutched my revolver; but before I took a etep.tthojcauae of Themis toales' fear beoame apparent; and three shaggy forma behind three blunderbusses aimed direct atjme, made me fully aware that I was in the presenoe of those scourges of Qreeoe, the ' brigands 1 But oh! what a metamorphosis 1 Wherojwere the natty green jackets with silver buttons, the plumed bats, and the taut «tumble of the brigands of my youth, of the operas) and the picture-books ? Three ragged, disreputable-looking figures, olad in greasy sheep-skins and dirty olothes, unkempt, unshaven. took the place of those tinselled heroes, and with stern gestures and muttered threats, ordered us to follow them. Uy first thought wsa. resistance; but when I showed the slightest signs, the three bell mouthedjmuskets were bent towards me; and I felt (hat the odds were too many, and deter tninug to await events, grimly submitted to be led down the mountain by our unsavory guides. At last, after winding through ravines and hollQws, across; glens and over mountain paths innumerable, this most unpleasant journey ended by pur guides calling a halt as we gained the summit -of an eminence sur rounded by trees and tall rooks, forming an extraordinary natural fortress. Beneath our feet, iu a deep ravine, with seemingly but one outlet, and excellently sheltered by over hanging /oli≥, was the camp of the bri gands; apd.heie we found the rest of the ?baggy ruffians-with the exception of one who stood «entinel-«njoyijig their siesta with indolent content.. Ashriil whistle aoon brought'the jasoala to their feet; and rushing up to meet us, they displayed a dozen of as unfavorable apeci mew. of the fcjuian race as could weu be found. Seising our asses by,their bridles, they relieved otkrl&ljtfm;, tod led us down the ravino; and having roughly assisted us to^ismotypt, brought us Into the presenoe of the chiet of the band. 'Bravo, lads J excellent, excellent!' lie shouted, a* his sparkling eyes bent upon us in delight i and after a oursory examination, we were conducted, amid the excited gesticula tions fit the brfgandsjand without undue cere mony, into a dark cavern within the ravine. . Shiver, my maintops 1' exclaimed a voice as I groped my way in; 1 thay might give .us eea-room, the vagabonds, and not land us in thislubberjy creek; and now; they are ihov ing more oraft in to anchor I' 'Haul in, Jaok, old chnml1 answered another; ' we must make the best of a bad job, mate.' to say that ray heart leaped to my mouth at hearing such unexpected words, and find ing myself in the company of my own countrymen, would no more than describe the obeering sensation that thrilled through me, ' What cheer, mates ?' I oried in the dark ness. Answering exolamatioas of astonish-' paent greeted,, my words; and in a few minutes our stories ware told; and I learned that my new-found friends were the Captain ? and supercargo of a ship then lying in the port of the Pinsus, who, seeking a like objeot, ihad met with a similar fate to my i own. .And now,1 said Captain Jack Jenkins, i 'how «re we to get ontof this scrape? If 1 had Tup, find ;«e and Black: Tom, each with a cutlass and a barking-iron here, we'd soon make a piwsage, I'd warrant 11 ' That's all very well,' said Will Johnson < the supercargo; ' but we haven't. If I'd but i the opportunity given rue, I'd guarantee' Whatever the euperaargo was about to say was out short by the advent of .two shock- ? heads at the little opening of qur prison, and i two harsh ^voices calling us-as tar guide. Thejnistooles informed us-to partake of a I feast; for we learned afterwards that tb« \ chief, in commemoration of having made auoh a good haul, had decided to allow us, his prisoners, to-partake oHhs general festi vity. But as a jfrelimtniry, we had to under go an examination as to our capability of paying the anticipated ransoms. First, We were relieved of our watches and rings, the Oft{)tain_ using languago rather strong for translation to .these pages, to the groat amusement of his tormentors, who with simi lar gesticulations to his, endeavored to imi tate the'spoild b'f the Captain's words, which ef course only aUded to his wrath and their hilarity. " 'Too uncombed, dirty-faced vagabondsj' heshouted, * if I had a few of yqu aboard the AmtVe Martin, Fd twist yotir ugly beads over the yiird-arm in the twinkling of a jiffy I' > Of courie they only laughed ^thelouder at hifl impotent rage: and 1 thought > it quite as well that, they did not understand the lan guage in whloh he > gave it vent. The operation of stripping us of our valu ables gave me an opportunity to observe the appearance ot my companions. Captain Jenkins was the beau-idem ot an English sea man. In af(e_ about thirty-five, of a large and .robust Jinild, a face broad, manly, and bearaed, and limbs such as would delight a toolptor to copy. His height was nearly six fast; and he Had an air of command about him whioh was doubtless bred of his occupa tion. The supercargo, Will Johnson, was perhaps ten yean younger; nearly as tall as his mend, strong and active; and take us altogether-for I am ot no mean statare mysplf-we were three men who, under any circumstances, would bo no disgrace to our country; and if any opportunity should arise for an attempt at an escape, I felt eer tain that we should give as' good an account ot ourselves as any soratoh three, here or there. Having .satisfied themselves of thqjvalue of my late father's watch, which I parted from with some emotion, ana of the intrinsic worth of the Captain's gold ohronometer, as well as the supercargo's watch and diamond ring, we were interrogated, through Themistoclcs, as to our means. For myself, the name of the firm I was travelling for acted with a talis manic effect upon them, and I was immedi ately assessed-notwithstanding my protesta tions-at three hundred pounds. At this price, too, the Captain's freedom was valued; while the unfortunate supercargo-whose business they persisted in confounding with that of owner of the cargo and ship-was unanimously voted to be worth twice our ransom. Having arranged this matter to their own satisfaction, it not to ours, we were told to sit down and enjoy ourselves with what appetite wo could muster. The smell ot the roast lamb and tlio freshly baked meal-cakes, however, soon aroused pleaSanter sensations, and dimmed for a time the memory ot our griefs,- more especially as, under the apparent dertainty of obtaining his booty, the Chief condescended to be quite patronising towards us, carving the joints himself for us, and delicately handing on the point of a dagger, our several portions. After we had satisfied our hunger with the more solid tiands, we were regaled with dried fruits as dessert; and a large jar of a peculiar sherry-oolored but bad-tasting wine of a re sinous flavor-which Themistooles described as the common wine ot the country-was brought in and set down in the midst of us. ThiB we told them we oould not drink; and the chief very generously ordered us a couple of bottles from his own particular store, doubt less the prooeeds ot afraid upon some well-to do householder. Will Johnson after a time managed to in gratiate himself in the favor of cur shaggy bock arid bis frieads by his gtVxiul JCSU DM Ml* freak Wiring, favoring Itw cjmp«ny with m»nT remark', which, sranslatedOff/ pleased triero. ? wfiMJ, too, by sleight-of-hena-in which ho wtf ltt, adept-beperformedsome simple tridks.eM nave them a music-hall eonglttUh ft roTlMiJlig, ehotud, and wound up with « hbxpjnpeMj-1 complied by the Oaptoln with « tfboMt comb end a piece ol paper, the nenerrten thusiasm knew no bounds, e>ud the beetle-^ browed vagabonds laughed till the tea**9 rolled down their cheek*. Will now became on each excellent t®nn», with them ill, that he proceeded to -tOA. gome freedoms with them; and when'T.; ' enatohed the horn from the oup.bferW.'fcM.' installed himwU in the official's plaw.MUbaJ the wine out of the wide-mouthed jat Mid handing it round to the company, bis triumph, was complete; ? For heaven's eakel* said he as oe jjaMK? ns, 'don't take any W this stuff, *nd>afrPlf Irinfc much ot your own.' ; * Never fear/ said Jonkiofft^tnakiDg a face? 'one taste is safflbienV^ . ' 'JA. And so Witt wwit Tt>tmd'^thth©cup, p»1. ing a cowiea! reman to tMr≠, fcnda jmffli Qee at that, ontfl the <ihief«-^ii6l5W<f68TO^ irom their hilarity that tbeyfo^WtfogWo; mneh-ordered them'to des«t Wim;'OrralM(W;" and return to their several duties,' * ?'' '1 '* Meanwhile, we were sent ^Sek' tolf wr, dungeon, with s sentinel stattonei ? ®»J ^Not'a wort,' whisjiered Will,*! down in oto prison.-' Here"e wil»tWnfej= Captain,' he continued,'' that Wongs toypttj, . Why,' laid the Captain fa %ly,J handed him the article inetitW&WJ; stopper out of my mcdidhe obffi.* ' '' » ' 'T» l)e rare it.WJAtSk,' and I most apologise lor Hie liberty M HHgi injgyour laudanuniphial; bulra^'raBOT®lH j baok-totot|i was io painful on boa!rt agfc, last night, that I got up most deblfme with the bome arid^tt' tents, to r I dropped therm toth lt»W 'the, bonds' wine-Jar >? . ' ' WhatI* we ill ewlaltted In * byM.tt.-_ 'How,'stop yoor clappers !* «nt6>W»j supercargo.-' Jeok.yoU taow'I m»ot*?d sleight-of-hand trick*. Well, to wfw plaoe, hiring oontrivea to while the blackguards valuables, and then having attained' thrf tion of waiter, what waseaafeir this WW the bottle 4own toy efeeve, whip opt tnel I3inTU| TT1U . .***» * V Ljjp knife Ms hand and giving It a hearty AW® .«. . that's the ease, we're gale: faced raBoals won't wake up,MttdB»nw8flr I'll be'botmi. There 1 our guawhMttrop^ off already I' : _ "' _ ".VA.*, And sure enotigh, the drowsy ,*offian|h»8 ?? planted himself right aoross the op^g'Mm1 was snoring loudly, , k, . . , ? .Now for it I'- oriedtbtiMpetuous Jack Jenkins, rising. . ; ' ?? . .'m . Hold hard 1/ Md Willi 'l^tham^M' well off.1 ? ^ .vvi.iio") Bo, setting oarselrasdown far haUaniteiHi' .we talked the matter over. ' At tb#<«B4;*r«' this time, wi lent thi trambling Thm»|ft6ntM ' to see how things were ogt«ide; iadifwt-' . peeping ovci lh> nmtoit6 mbh&U;| uflio untoiand feM'ftH ware three, and they were reti^te{^ .(Mttog eadot toe mine, #o4.*ouw«i ^^mSdrnmr oat oi eight. ,. . ,v' . Capital 1' said Will, with euppressed ex citement. ' Hon* «ioh <tak»^£iatol wid a outlase feoto the laUowa, aad iouow me* > A One after the otbet we ete^ed «o»*b sleeping brigand at the entanpfc TO® (WM1 ing him oi hip dirk, ^od t t^ile the Oapifo And I tg cite him his quietos At the his waking. Then tlie lotur of ws ghost*, assisted ounelvea toiwh«e»erwe»«n» > we could mast easily Jay band# opopi; and^i ThemisiouUi iw not el jnuoh we ior<(fi»Mi; ing, we gave liim the b»g oontataieg «p> Taluablefr-rwhinb w* Ipond by ibewde^tMB sleeping ohief-a» wellias ^TOralapawpUMM^ to oarry. i'ioldng <w way withwt qwMBU a .word, we ad»anoed .towird» the open; «ndro(fc the ravine, and just as we ,tnr»ed »W>tt/»« jutting pieoe ol(rook, weaaw the ?thnfrMMUo neU, seemingly in «we«t eonwaatwn r^,hd .Haiti' vSipered WiU..',Nowfor»r#rtkl^/. and each singling outliisman and ifllnUiungi: his rifle by tbe barrel-tor .we avomm noise of shooting-Kte sprang io*OTM« *it.u moet aimaltansoualy, sad Wow «# *W>1 had time to observe«s, we wer»inpQ8 and three lifle-stooks descended^npom 9» shock heads with each iofoe, that 4wo Ol^wi' fellowJ. dtcppedllike itonoa,. itoflttlnijt. rifle glanoed off the hard head of my antago nist and crashed eMfnsJ.therrook. With a | stifled cry, he turned; hat in an instant ax , hand was upon his tooit, ^ jhaeound died in his gullet i while wh thfe jflmgUijof, | desperation, I dashed his head igajnst^lthe. wau-likerock s and after a Btrnggte-46wtti® , he wounded me with his dagger-ho ttu.lmm donkeys?-Oome, Greekyl* he «rteftte Tliemistocles; 'bear a haOd ; sna lawWf.^ areund, we espied our lour animals justaiw# left thetn, but^with a brigand elttlagbytii^i.. Here was an unlooked-for rencoDtro! Htewas^ fully a hundreds yatik off, and to«f it 'lum, ; we should have to cross a smalllplateatt^, / «Leave him to me!1 cried Jenkins, prepay ing to rush forward. J But under the hBvieaof the supercargo, he stopped. Wo coum raw pioked him off easily, but dared rioter thi noise of tho rifles. ^ .Hangitl* impatiently muttered''Jenlflas.^ . we shsfi be trapped again, alter all'; *44 ' without farther parley, tbe impetuous fellow started off, running on the Hps of' M» toes, with a drawn outlass in one haud.aad a pa-1 tol in the other. Just ashe was within a ft* yards of the brigand, the latter turned rouDd,,. and seeing how matters stood, made for hi» rifle, which was leaning against a tree .Jew . feetoS; but a revolver hurled deftly by Will . Johnson-for we had all followed-oatohing him directly in the face, so effectually stopped his progress, that he fell stunned to tbe ^you persist in doing all the work,' ttjfl >. Jenkins as we oame up to him. '.But qdiek, lads: offwegol' and in a moment w» irv on our asses, and under the ptidania >«*« Greek oompanion, were making ? with > B»a*^ nock speed for Athens. U(i hill, down dato, ' on we went lor a oonpte oi hours withont stopping or meeting i hnman being;' then^ just as we were about to cross the summit ol a mountain at which we had arrived, a harm less-looking peasant wished ua 1 good-day, and was abont to pass on. ?1 ' 'Seisehim!' nried Themittcles; 4he** soont.* L, t ' iT " So seise him we 4id, tor oanbon s wb, 4 and as there ware no trees near, we ued his hands and lags together, and leit him beggmg for mercy. But there was no mercy tn ay mora espeoially as Themis tocles explained that tliere was sucli a ourious and mystenom . connection between the brigands and villiMjseis, that it was by no means unlikely-had we allowed him to go free-he would have hied to; the nearest village and rouBsd a awann ol, semi-brigands about us. Having travelled for four hours, and W our asses could ssaicely get along for fatigue, we called a halt 1 and alter resting ourselves and watering our animals, we continued onr journey until, late at night, we reached Athens,, where, round the hospitable board of our host, we MOB fagot oi? troubles. :c. 