WINNING WAYSl [j4 Story in a Few ChapUrs-'] CHAPTER XVII. AN AFTEP-SUPPEU SPEECH. Cecilia. Arlington, not satisfied with the share she had had in oc casioning her cousin's unhappiness, ■with the spite of a little mind could not forbear gloating over it, and disregarding all Cynthia's entreaties tobe left alone With her sorrow, persisted in remaining in her bed room, entreating her with a warmth which it was difficult to resist to des cend to the drawing-room, whence came at intervals the sounds of laughter, mingled with strains of danoe music, which had the effect of nearly driving the suffering girl distracted. It was with the desperation en gendered by despair that at last Cynthia gave in to her cousin'B im portunitity. The bland platitudes of Mr. Spen cer Arlington, the laboured compli ments of Marmaduke, the inanities of Hftrry Levien, the loud-voiced laughter of Jessie Bond, would all De preferable to the cold cutting speeches of Cecilia, whose words, nicely chosen to inflict pain, pricked at every utterance. With a white wan faoe and ach- ! ing heart Cynthia slowly donned a plain muslin dress, and, disdaining the use of artificial colour which her cousin pressed upon her, descended the stairs, looking more like the ghost of herself than the actual Cynthia Haye, whom all of those gathered beneath Mr. Arlington's hospitable roof knew and admired. " It would have been a matter of deep regret to me," said Mr. Spen cer Rowley Arlington, assuming his favourite oratorical attitude and speaking in his popular semi-parlia mentary voice, " if on a day of such important» my darling Cynthia's health should have prevented her from joining the few friends I have gathered about me this evening." " Indeed," said Cynthia faintly, "I am not fit to be down with you, but Cecilia " " Permit me, my love, I was on the point of using those very words r—my daughter Cecilia, with her usual kindheartedness, haspersuaded Miss Haye to join our humble gathering, to which she does honour no less by her surprising beauty than tjy her gentle amiability, her, able self-denial, her winning ways, and those thousand endearing qualities which are oonspiouous in ner charac ter." Cynthia quickly made her escape from the torrent of words, and found a temporary refuge in a window-seat where, half hidden by the curtains, she hoped to escape the well-meant civilities' of the too attentive young gentlemen who had accepted Mr. Arlington's invitation. No inducements could persuade her to dance, and at last she was permitted to remain unmolested in the seat which she had chosen for herself. Then there was a rush to 6eeure the honour of escorting her to the supper- table, and of those present, Aoel Teatman—the man of all others whom it was most unpleasant to her under the circumstances to face—was the first to gain her side. She shrank back involuntarily, ex pecting him to offer his arm ; but if he had ever such an intentiôn, he abandoned it on seeing her evident repugnance, though at the same time he stooped forward, assuming such an attitude that none of those behind him could gain her presence with out pushing him aside, and whisper ed close to ner ear, " Are you quite determined to adhere to your resolve of this morn ing?" " ûuite determined," she answered decidedly. " Miss Haye," said he, " we are told the two strongest passions in the human heart are love and— revenge. Oh ; do not start from me, I have no intention of waging war against a lady who cannot find it possible to like me sufficiently well to marry me : to a certain extent I ad mire you for having the courage of your opinion. I told you it was in my power to serve you, and that I would do so on condition you became Mrs. Teatman." " Please do not refer to that again,'' she urgèd pleadingly. " I will not, exoept so far as to say that though you have refused me, I am still inolined to do you a good turn. That which I had hoped to have done for your love, I may now do for my. own hate." " Come, come, my good fellow," cried Mr. Spencer Arlington, push ing past him and partially dropping fhe suave rnannor which usually characterized his speeoh, " remember you're not in Ghoulbury now, and others beside yourself are anxious to talk to our dear Cynthia." The lawyer immediately gave way, but some who saw him remembered afterwaids the soowl upon his face as he muttered, " Perhaps^ you may find before the evening is over that I'm some body /¿ere as well as in Ghoulbury.'' The young men orowded round with arms crooked in every fashion and every angle, but Spencer Ar lington waved them back. " On this occasion, my friends," said he, " I claim a fond parent's ! privilege. It shall be to-night my own proud prerogative to take Miss Hayo to the supper-table, and I trust she will so far favour mo as to sit at my right haud." Cynthia would have only too gladly escaped to her own room, and indeed had formed some half scheme of flight, but under the cir^ eumstances she could not, without explanations and apologies to which she felt herself iittterly unequal, de* clineto aocept Mr. Arlington's prof fered arm, nór did she even stop to consider what could be the reason of such conduct on his part. Plac ing her little white gloved hand up on his coat sleeve, she suffered her to be conducted to the dining-room, where a meal of some pretensions was spread upon the table. Spencer Arlington took the seat of honour and placed hi» cousin next him, where,, the picture of mi sery, she sat through the eating and drinking, inexpressible weary, and only anxious for the moment when she might find a reasonable pretext for leaving the i-ooin. But Mr. Arlington had not dons with hei^yet. Her cup of bitteerness was not yet filled. (To be continued.) Two natives of Sydney have de cided to try theitiortune in the mu sical world of'England. Mrr'îm^ Mrs. Harry R Woods—the lady is better knawn by her maiden name Mí us Maud Fitzstubbs. Calf-Slip.—a writer in the Mil ton Times says:—In England, any cow that has once slipped her calf is at once put on to fatten and not al lowed to breed again. A cow that has been several times hoven, or bloated, on succulent food, is very •likely to slip' her calf. A sudden fright, blows (espeoially across "the spine), brutal usage, or very bad and unwholsome drink will also cause it. In some seasons it is of more than usvally frequent occurrence—it is therefore epidemic. It is also most certainly contagious so that when any farmer is unlucky enough to have a case amongst his herd he should separate the cow from her mates, and disinfect her well with a wash of chloride of lime.. He should also at once burn the fœtus and disinfect the place where it has been lying, till all taint of it is removed. If the milk of the cow is very badly wanted and she springs at all, if she is regularly milked and carefully stripped, as soon as her full time is out the flow of her milk will greatly increase; and in the case of a very good milker it is sometimes almost as great as if her calf had been car ried the full time. A Reredos dispute.—An excited parish meeting was held at Eccles, near Manchester, on Saturday night March 17, in reference to a proposal to replace the wooden reredos in the church , with an alabaster one. The vicar (the Rev. Canon Pitcairn), who spoke for an hour, disclaimed any intention to introduce ritualistio practices, described himself an Evan gelical, and said that the design had the approval of the Bishop, and that features objected to would not be introduced. Mr. Headlam, stipen diary magistrate of Manchester, moved a resolution approving the reredos. A parishioner moved that the application to the faculty be withdrawn. The vicar declined to receive the amendment. Amid great excitement he repeated that he should not put the amendment, and exclamed, " For once I am master here." The meeting then became uproarious, and a man hoisted a flag bearing the words " Vote for the amendment." A rush was made at him by the vicar's snpporters and he wa6 defended by the opponents of the reredos. Chairs, table, and seats were overturned, and a hand-to-hand fight ensued, in which several per sons were bruised. The vicar and his principal supporters rushed out of the mckc through an ante-room and the meeting broke up in great disorder. The tattered flag was afterwards oarried through the village by an excited crowd of the vioar's opponents. 