THE SKETCHER. A PEEP INTO THE FUTURE. MELBOURNE, July. 1903. ; My Dear , I promised before leaving England to give particular attention to the working of the babbatical legislation that has been in force in Victoria for the last 20 years or so, and to (send you the result of my experience. I have L:veu this attention, and I now attempt to rite out the effect of my observations. It .11 Eeems very strange, and anomalous, and infusing to me, and I am in great doubt kether I can make it more intelligible to on than it is to my own mind at the time "iatl write. The difficulty that one has in attempting » understand the Bcope, and object, ana sffect of the legislation I refer to comes from ts apparent incompatibility with the pre Lominant spirit of the people in other natters. The grimly prohibitive laws of labbath Observance passed by the stern .uritens of New England were only nart of ^ o V»V ViAiJ [W»v Vi he general theocratic system. Those sturdy heological legislators undertook to shape all he civil actions of men so as to brine them ato accordance with the Mosaic code, and he matter of keeping Sunday holy was nerely part of a general system. But the fictorian case is wholly different Here we five an intensely secular community, intelli 'uit, energetic, worldly, Btrongly averse to lowing the clergy any authority or influence uteide the limits of their pulpits, which has adopted and consistently carried out a 'stem of fanatical Sabbatarian legislation iat makes it the wonder and the laughing ock of the civilised world. This is the range anomaly by which I am confronted, >d which I have been studying with a view 1 understand it, with, 1 must confesB, but fiv indifferent results As I have been able to rather the history the matter it is something thus. , The tliticiaiiB of the colony from the first had a wng tendency to cohciliate the more ultra aibatarians among the Presbyterian ana pdred Beets, but still public action did not IBs the boundB of reasonable moderation B1883. In that year a politician named P&his; thought there was a chance to work | some political capital by supporting, in jrUament an agitation f ostered by a section | the clergy against the opening of the pure Gallery by the trustees. In mention E the clergy as thesource of this agitation, phould in justide state that the clergy of atest intellectual mark and liberal culture the various churches were on the side of «e who sought to rationalise Sunday ob vance. But the older Bchool, the timid, «e of merely formal, conventional beliefs, of no beliefs at all, all went with the wd, • and joined in, and swelled the inour. TWi» —• «*, ouu sweiiea toe »our. This waahelped, too. by that »ne class, half clergy, half laymen, a the timidity, and. narrowness, and in irance of the one aide and the worldliness he other, who at once gratified their pre ices and advanced their interests by taking t in the movement. This class happened lave some conspicuous representatives in h Houses of the Legislature. The vote' shutting up the Picture Gallery waa passed, ? large majority and was soon followed by posalB to go farther in the same direction.; of these, it is odd how to remember, P made by men who were in reality oppo « of the Sabbatarian fanaticism, and who jP their suggestions merely as illustrations; he redwlio ad cbeurdum, bnt who found, leiv. dismay that they were accepted byn other side and carried into effect. The ] mass of the community looked on with something like amusement at what it then thought something like a joke, but what certainly does not appear like a joke at the present day. After shutting up the Art Gallery, it was decided to close the Royal park zoological collection, and Borne time afterwards a determined effort was made to stop the suburban railways on Sundays. This, in the first instance, failed, owing to the op position of the city clergymen, who relied on the railways to bring their congregations into town. When it was renewed a year or two afterwards, it was carried by the aid of some sound Sabbatarians, who held large numbers of shares in the prosperous tramway com pany, and who were thus able by one vote to j gratify their principles and to fill their poc-; kets. It was then proposed, in retaliation by the other Bide, that the tramways should I not be allowed to work on Sundays, ] but the Sabbatarians successfully showed that this would be ultra vires, and j unnecessary, as the tramways not being; owned by the state but by a private company, the guilt of working them on Sundays was not national, and might properly be left to the responsibility of those accountable for it. It was then decided that as the attractions of the parks and gardens competed against those of the churches, all those places should ■. be closed on Sundays. It had always been held in Melbourne that it was sinful to water the streets on Sundays. Now it was seen that it was equally sinful to light them, and they were therefore left in darkness. The lighthouses on the coasts are extinguished on Sundays, and no vessels are allowed to pass out of port or to enter, whatever may be the dangers caused by the state of the weather outside. It will be readily seen that the enforcement of all these restrictions requires a very large number of watchers, guards, police, and so forth, and, in fact, the case is that pretty well half the community is on Sundays em ployed in watching that the other half does not do anything that might involve the break ing of the Sabbath. Nothing more gloomy, more depressing, more repellent than a Melbourne Sunday exists on the face of the earth. If you walk through the dreary-looking Btreets, swept by dense clouds of dust, you see at certain times the ladies dreBsed in their best going to and coming from church—the men have almost wholly relinquished the practice where fulminating sermons are delivered on the wickedness of Sabbath-breaking. Vast crowds of unhappy-looking people throng the j tram cars ana cabs, or drift aimlessly j about in different directions apparently with- i out any mark or goal, animated only by the desire to forget themselves if possible, and to escape the hideous monotony of the day. The way in which many of them try to do this is indicated by the large numbers brought up on Mondays at the various police courts for drunkenness on the Sunday. In the evening the darkened streets are the resorts of vice ot all descriptions, which has enormously in creased under tne Sabbatarian regime, with out the circumstance being allowed in the slightest degree to disquiet tne minds of the j religious party. As over the city at night a pall of darkness settles down hiding and con cealing such bad business as the day would quake to look on, so does this murky cloak of, Sabbatarianism hang over the acts and character of the community as a covering of manifold evils and corruptions. All this but faintly depicts the unutterable weariness and gloom which are in this city regarded as necessary to a holy observance of the Sun day. To put what I have described as the anomalous character of Melbourne Sab batarianism in itBtrue light I must come back to what I have previously said as to the non religious character of the community as a whole. It is in an eminent degree a worldly people. There is no place where wealth, mere vulgar wealth, is worshipped more for its own sake, irrespective of the kind of hands in which it is found, than in Mel- j bourne. There is no people more keen in its business procedure. In devotion to pleasure of all sorts, pleasure, that is to say, that is found or sought for in amusements and entertainments, the Melbourne public excels any I have formed any acquaintance with. The zest with which horseracing and field sports are pursued, and the amount of gambling excitement to which they give rise, are without parallel in any other community. All this goes to substantiate the character of worldliness which I have attributed to them. But there is more than this. They are as a people strongly disposed to restrict the action and I influence of the clergy within the narrowest i possible limits. They are indeed animated by a feeling, more or less pronounced,of home thing like hostility ana suspicion towards this class. A curious instance is afforded by j what took place some years ago in regard to the education system of the colony. At the time I speak of, a Royal Commission was Bitting to take evidence on the subject of the so called " religious grievance" relative to the exclusion of religious instruction from the schools. All was getting on swimmingly, and the members of the commission, moat of whom were known to be sympathisers with the claims of the clergy, were eliciting a vast quantity of evidence in support of that view of the question. Church dignitaries and clergymen, and the clerically • minded laymen I have before J Bpoken of, gave their testimony one after an other that toe people were pining for an alter ation of the Education Act that would again reinstate the clergy in toe control of toe schools and toe teachers. The most active of the commissioners were in high glee at getting Buch admirably conclusive evidence, which they thought must prove irresistible when presented to Parliament. Before the inquiry closed one member of the commission who had never before opened his mouth re-1 marked, "There's yet one man I think we! should call if we can find him before we be-i gin to draft our report. That iB the average Victorian elector.' This suggestion seemed > to convey rather a sense of discom fiture to{ the dominant section in the, commission, but it was laughed aside. However, shortly afterwards, toe average elector was called upon to give his testi mony in an unexpected way. A Minis-: tenal crisis precipitated a general election, which for the first time turned strictly on the subject of the maintenance of the Education Act And the consequence was that not a single representative of the clerical daims found a new place in the new Parliament, and toe question has never since been raised to this day* This is an example of what I mean when I. say that the mass of .the community seems to be animated by a feeling towards the clergy whioh iB scarcely to be distinguished fromthat of hostility. The question remains, and this is the knot, pfthe whole ditficulty.how do I account for the growth of tois manifestation of xeligiouB fanaticism to the dimensions of ;a despotic — ind anti it that so code so so, cvctcBiusucai community 7 , now is it that worldly a people adopts so intolerant a co of religious observance f , How is it that free a society submits to it? There is strong a disposition shown to resent even the most legitimate restraints on the liberty of the individual. How is it that this in tolerable yoke is so tamely borne ? Well, my explanation is rather an odd one, and I offer it with great diffidence. It is often the case that in the decay of belief it is some habitual superstitious observance that is the last to survive. There is a wonderful twilight region in the human mind in which the ghosts of vanished faiths walk in hours of gloom and solitude. While any influences from this realm of uncertainty shot through with relics of fading superstitions have any opera tion on the intellect or on action it is in accordance with the laws of the human mind that they should show themselves by a clinging, not to doctrines, but to ceremonial practices. The concrete is always stronger than the abstract. Thus we see the Calabrian or Sicilian bandit is acted upon by his religion sufficiently to c&rry; a relic round his neck, and to present a candle at the shrine of the Madonna, though it is powerless to restrain him from acts of robbery and murder. Sabba tarian observance is to the Melbourne public what the crucifix is to the Italian brigand. It represents just so much and no more of the reality of religion. Its main tenance is bought at a terrible price. It estranges from religion all the liberal intellect and moral culture of the community, and fills the minds, especially of the younger generation, with a bitter feeling of resent ment towards the churches. This feeling will have greater weight in the counsels of the people in a few years than it has now, and will then, unless I am mistaken, exhibit itself in a very unpleasant way. Unwise re pression has always been followed by reac tion, which has often taken the Bhape of dissolute and profane licence. Such a reac tion must inevitably show ilself in this Sabba tarian-ridden community at no distant time, and I am not at all sorry that I shall not be here to witness its manifestations. —Yours. &C.;, A GLOBE TROTTER. 