A SHADOWY STORY. A TALE OF THE IRISH REBELLION OF '98 (From Chambers' Journal.) CHAPTER V. Miss Decroy turned as pale as death; as did her sister; who sank into a seat, apparently overcome by the shock ; but Madame Decroy said in her firmest, nay sternest tones: 'Search, sir! I ask no immunity for my house. I wait the day when it shall be given to the flames, as have been so many houses in which their owners dared to find shelter. Your chiefs have been patient longer than I expected.' Kate turned her pale face and scared eyes appealingly to her mother, as if to remind her how unwise it was to irri- tate a soldier; but the look was un- heeded. Merely bowing in answer to Madame Decroy's remarks, Westbury addressed himself to the sisters and hurriedly explained what he proposed to do. On the information he had received he was compelled to search the House; he had no alternative; but he wished to do so with as little incon- venience as possible. The House was broad and deep ; it stood upon a large square of ground; but it was not lofty, nor had it many apartments above. Nor were there any underground kitchens or cellars: Westbury said he would go up with no one but the sergeant to examine the rooms, and that upon their return his men should go into the rooms and offices beyond the hall. No assent was given, but no objection was made to this plan, which was forthwith carried out. The two malitia-men again 'stood at ease' at the door, so that the front of the House was efficiently guarded ; and as has pre- viously been explained, the sides and rear were also under surveillance. All was silent and dark above. Not only was there no one to be discovered but there were no signs of any one having recently been there; no chair was out of place, no bed disordered, as would have been the case had any fugitive been disturbed from his easily broken slumbers. In fact, Dickles spoke for both when he said: 'I don't believe there's no one here, sir.' Relieved more than he cared to show, Westbury descended, the men rousing themselves when he appeared, as though they felt that now indeed they should be wanted. 'You will take the men with you, Dickles,' said the officer, 'and go over the rooms at the back. - Shut the door, men.' The door was closed, and the men came forward.. .Now, the great stair case spoken of sprung from one side of the hall, and at its foot a passage ran straight to the back of the house; but half-way a strong door shut off the rear of the premises, and this door, either from habit in the troublous times, or for the more prosaic reason of its keeping out the draught, was always kept shut. Of course it was now open; and the sergeant, still bearing the light, led the way closely followed by the soldiers. As the last man passed the door, Westbury advanced to close it. The great lamp which swung and flared in the hall, threw its glare upon the staircase, and upon the door, as Westbury swung it to. 'He pushed it close, but as he did so, recoiled with an exclamation of momentary surprise and alarm for the shadow of a man, huge and distorted, as shadows often are, fell upon the door just in front of him. It was gone in an instant. For another instant the Lieutenant, re- covering himself, thought the startling shade was his own; but at once he knew it to be impossible, and glanced swiftly round. The group was still at the. stair foot, and as Westbury turned his face, with a now stern expression upon it, he could not help seeing a wild look, a look of consternation on each of the faces which met his own. Again was the bue of Miss Kate's cheeks pale to ghastliness; and as the officer threw a rapid glance around the hall, their eyes followed. He approached the ladies. ' You will remember that I have not yet searched the dining room' he said, (This was on the side of the hall oppo- site to his little sitting-room) 'I must do this. You can see that I have no choice.' Madame Decroy bowed without speaking, then moving forward, herself threw wide open the door of the chamber. There was a light burning there, but the room was empty. No living thing was to be seen or heard within it. After a brief but close search, Westbury came into the hall baffled and not a little disconcerted - the women eagerly watching his every movement. Presently, upon hearing the return- ing steps of his men, he glanced upon the broad stairs, as if hesitating whether again to ascend them or not. In fact, he was upon the point of doing so when a short gasping exclamation startled him, and he saw Miss Decroy reel as though about to fall. She hadi fainted; and Westbury, springing towards her, caught her in his arms, just as Dickle's and his satellites re- entered the hall to report that all was quiet at the back of the house. This incident led to confusion for a time. Westhlury carried the insensible girl to the dining room, an act which enlisted the sympathies of Madame Decroy and "Mrs aClaridge ithi shehet"Hlls16VnTd fain h nelingoredi?lnugoswetristhem,' but duty comip.llriy hini to witridrawI for the purp.osof iliiaisning the men, ficjlei liti i ciltoiik Hi Mii conictioit that O'Flynn,wm asa as ad a Mllany, and that~ SquiriI Decroy had not bean within a day's, march of Boreen for a .month past; and that in point of fact h must h"bo in I "rance as'onery one lhsd a the outr door swung after his subordinat, Westbury, turned- and hmoved i reoltely to?iards liis, sitting rom tho;nlancing across the hall, nuolaehiu g that fhn? ooirof the dlimog room was opeon, ,?he'iustered up .sui; eip courage,, to 'inquire after Miss ecrojy: He found her sufficiently re covered to.sit up. She p~liiled faintly Whoslie h saw h i ? bti h it ; th this:4'lile there was, a there had previously booen, an expressionwhich was difficult to uPderstaid a terror, a wildness which inisnoo strange way, was irfectledon t, faces other monether' ands ister. them,; but Madamen Deeroy interrated i "', Not i word ofapolue is neqded, sir ,wearel sanltouihtto be thiankful hat fortune han placed a gentlemanioo humanity and delicacy in your positon. We are your grateful debtora.,; Thera es anolo-fashioined forniality, eouit thils b oeef speech, whnich to. a,,grcat enft, agreedl with the old' ladyastyad? FatedoshouldIso ohrmit, ,and: he Hmore ao the Lieutenant .felt that ha'wasbtn attriershould octin urs tha t night. Tanki ,;Secretly satisfiedr with this advance, he loft theni tepass a solitaryghourtor, twotihnwhi hoan toon undiaturbedo if Fate oshould so permit, and noimore down,hon of his few ;books;, he sought to'.omppsq himself for a:quietbut, in eff'ectual tpell at. reading. The,shadows haunted him worse becaus theylwere shado.ws, and nothing anore.t. Ho ould pot:help;thinking that there was ebine t "sngnvery, mysterious, about theoaffrir. Twice~erpeated i;there.was the strangest p .art.i .Perhnps, he, ought to. reort.it. utithen, whatghad he to.report' \Wash behto say:ho hadhseen a ghost ri And if iot,: what ,wasi he, tosay he had oen t TheLieuteliant affected to.laugh a little' laugh:sloudL oas. this idea crossed.ohis mbinsd ; .yet he ,as perfectly. aware even. w.hile he did so that he felt it to be ah i?explicable.th and!ctp ominous busuiness, dhieh:was,in;,rality aiythingr but laughing.,matter. .h ;.,,:.: d ie,.1ea. as hard :ashe a ;would, concen trate his mind as he might, 'histhoughts wouldewader,~and instead:of the p?ges ot.,hliiriasook, ;he -beheld: the ;dlstorted outlines? Dof:theu gigantico. shadow..which hlud twice thrown itself so strangely bLore. hin.oc.n ' i .believe--I ah sure,' he;at length fexclaimed, . that: it was. the same, slihadow. IA,plague upon the thing.l.:.Now,,tn that' I ::recall:: .it;' Ii am almost sureiI could ;recognie: the.out-. lioes'!, , So strongly did; th:idea pbs-: sesa hini, :that he was at last fain.to give up,thie attempt atre n ding as hope-. less;, and not. wishing,agin .to.intrude onu the family,. sought: to: compoae'hs orve alby, another.aunter; in the open air'; amd so.,onoce niiorotiJe found:him self patrollung, the road l outside thNoe was he aloneinthie taik the u.moo n was:now fstfudl.;:,atu.one moment:,ohl . rscted::l y:clouds,lr eavinng the ::night' utterly, dark,: the,;nertq shining ibril=' litntlyforl she was 'near her full, and' renderius everything around nearly id .-visile --as by day;: By these glimpsei. ofnlight.hesaw. ihere.and there:the oasni w,hoi a 'atched the:. road, through :the: village, a watch:,.which ofecoursee gias maintained ill nignht long;, while inthe. centre of..thi:nmiserable: hamlet, a -dull light, which.,sh6nesdimly-through' the xed parlour-curtain 'of the poor hostel;,. shboedowhere .tle headquarters of::the detachlseentkept their vigils.. ; ., ; As the moon vanished behind abhige clbud, he-i: last riays ehewed him--oi:h Qmaglined lso-a group of three orfour. persons standing: beneatiha tree. on the oad-sii.:: He .advanced towards the spot,: and now lhe 'certainly, heard a' step inurthe darkness' coming.; towards hin: , His ,liand'mored :tdards;e the' hilt ofthie sword,;! but lhesmiled: at his precautidn, 'the next: moment,'ash , v'ha recognised; the broad, .fgure of Biddy. .iGood evening,. `Biddy,!. ? said. the officer. l'!AV.iWais there anyone withlybiio just now ',. :; :,: , : ' , ,+, 1 ?id .me, Ayer :honour :n returned. Biddy. 'Sure, au' there's inot asowhl to lb s;aenr' betwix this ai' theo hosies on thexihill, an' it's :meself.that's walked all nhewayin."g r, ,y r ,iso, ";;.f m .?':il :-iW.hat l:' sicea I staw yoii at? Bbreef l6use.?!,said ,Westhury. ""! .:..' 1:v,,! i' Avr -course,. An'. why :not'-s"sidl Biddy..:, n'Wid- ,r night like this, :',' that blessed :uoon; it's na short 'half hour, there. i l'hnra glad:. tou sede yoer: honour, for it's' ungrateful nyc've. beei' thinkilg ime, by raison of me niter thlli' 'ye' how u tlhankful me an'" the childer' was'- . - ; r-· h' Oh',, never mlind that; .' Biddy,' interrupted the ofeicer.: I have Ierp.w repaid, you know; you. nmust .tlhak' the ladies at the House, not inme.' :But Biddy's eloquence and gratitude eers niot thus to lie extinguished, 'aid' she pbrsiste:d in enlarginig uposi tisi ofticer's generosity, walkin,'-tdwards the village all the wifill, until, to get rid of her, WeVthiury turned abiuptly toewards tile liousn, and left her ii'thi amidst .of. lior. flo'iul tlanksgieivigs. Ev,.r thoen he didl not .fairly esocpe until he .wans standing in tlhe ihal; for and as iher, omewhabrndolyeshut,?,itmin -her ..face,ihe hearld theso.lastv wordsd: !,An.jit' mesolf ant~ so two Bickchlildeae ,will niver forgit'-- ~t,, : .,,t w dIra t Halfamused, half annoyed, Westlhury repaired,,to:his,room, having ]ad afar shorteratroll. than he?.had;:intendod.e wlllioe iddy --who' might naturally,heg suppose .'to feel hurt at having iherfull flood of gratitude -rolledback, apon her selfwent eaway with actually a.smile upon-: her,, face.,, Thiais smilelsvhas ijot.i: altogether .;,onq of ,: forgive. ness; ,there; was-:-,:a .a.itrimnphat and -veryr kp~owing Jook .?ith i;r.and strangely enough, Biddy, who hadibeen hut fjve minutekbefire~.so anxiquaqltq get; to,.arhechildleren, ;and bad elked slowly,and heavily,,ast nawoman, tired by a long and: hurriedl walki would-,lo, now ,strode': swiftly::off,, eat apace n, ;i deed; that.many.;,a .man might envyj; and,qihat was also, strange; .ahebaretod the,road llioeoamno.:., - , , ,w,?n .1i -, " (Tote Contined.w) . i. 