To-mokuow the electors of Brisbane — Itforth, Soutli, and Valley electorate^- — will be called upon to decide who shall be their representatives in the new Parlia ment. It is hardly too much to say that upon the result of the election to-morrow will greatly depend the ultimate result of the general election. If the metro polis, crowded up as it is with middle class aud working men, should give its verdict in favour of rash speculation, clannish interests, mercantile mono polies, railway syndicates, and the sel fish, greedy, grasping commercial' and pastoral proclivities of the M'lr, WEA.ITU clan, then no blame can be attached to provincial electorates if they follow suit. Of course in each electorate the first question is whether this or that candidate is the most fit and proper person to represent the electo rate in Parliament. But now, when local government is firmly and generally established, the local duties of a par liamentary representative can scarcely, with justice, be said to be of primary importance. Hut even if it were of most importance it would be unwise to elect a man to heln to make the laws of the land whose views and sympathies were so intensely local that he was not even accredited with sagacity, intelli gence, and patriotism enough to enable Kim to look beyond the interests of his own and his neighbours' properties. Composed of narrow-mindedand narrow viewed men like these, Parliament would be nothing better than an English parish vestry. The politicians of a nation have obligations to the nation. In pro portion as the nation is bigger than a small locality, and the interests of a nation's people surpass in extent those of the .people of an electorate should be the sense of responsibility and the breadth of sentiment in every man who aspires to the privilege of making a nation's laws and voting on the expen diture of a nation's money. In some of the electorates, both within aud around the metropolis, local claims aud local considerations have quite over shadowed the broader and more patriotic consideration: Take the Logan as an; example;: Mr. Stevens has been supported mostly because he is a ^generous man who lias supplied the 1' oik with suudry palatable treats, has promised them lots of pickings out of . the Estimates, and is willing to supply the sugar planters with.plenty of cheap black 'labour. Por real legislative use fulness in the House there cannot be any.comparison made between him and Mj.M'Leax. The latter has been an earnest, diligent member, always in his place, always taking , his . part intelli gently in the legislation of the country, and never speaking unless he had some thing ; to say which appealed to the common sense of his hearers. What is the record of Mr. Stevens ? He fathered a Eabbit Bill, and carried it. Beyond that he has been little better than a squatter's voting machine. The, agencies and influences which have put him in as member for Logan will not bear honest examination. It may servo hit* political purpose, but it cannot 'be very flattering to his personal honour that the Loganites have preferred him because they think that they can get more out of him than out of his col league. :? . ... .' In Bulimba the same sort of localism is being brought into play. Mr. Buck land lives about half a mile outside tho electorate ; lie has a place of busi ness not over three miles from the elec torate boundary; so it is argued against him that ho is not a local man, that he cannot bo supposed to have any know ledge of local needs. 'Worst of all, ho is an auctioneer aud commission agent, who cannot be expected to know anything about farming. The farmers want somothing from '? the Government, although they scarcely know what, for tho Government has not now anything to do with their roads, nor can it plough their paddocks, nor breed stock for them. It might introduce legislation for a supply of coolies for such of them as grow sugar-cane. It might also initiate a scheme for some branch lines of railway. But thoy are shrewd enough to see that unless their repre sentative be pliable enough to be ' in dependent,' aud to assist tho present Government with some of their mea sures he has very little chaucc of getting anything for his electorate. So some of them seem to think that a supple-backed, facing-both- ways mem ber will bo the best for them ; the country outside Bulimba is nothing to them; But tho great question before the country now is : What is the best kind of legislation and administration for the immediate needs of the ? whole colony, and for the safe and certain development of its resources for the benefit of its present inhabitants and of posterity ? It were the merest folly to shift the important basis of contest to one of mere personal qualities in the candidates. Perhaps not a single can didate now before the metropolitan electorates has all the good qualities that even hisndmirers might desire. But no living man has a monopoly of virtues nor of good qualities. In all the three electorates this phase of personalities has been introduced by the Ministerial side. If nothing immoral can be raked out of filth-heaps by Government scaven gers they revile a man about his age, or his fossilised opinions, or allege that he has somo personal grievance to get redressed. On the Ministerial side these arc natural weapons of political warfare, aud not so bad as the same side has used elsewhere. The electors are called upon to decide whether one can didate is a safer and abler politician than another, not which of the two is the most selfish or the most immoral. In whose hands will the broad and numerous interests of this colony be safest ? If the electors think that the prodigal.unscrupulous, and. unprincipled administration of the past four years is better than the kind of admin istration promised to them by Mr. Gitu't'tTit, then they should put Minis terial candidates at the head of the polls. If the electors think that the fattening of a few plutocrats out of the sweat of underpaid black labourers is bettor than the settlement of this grand country by white yeomen, then they should vote for the patrons of black labour — Mokehe.yd and Douglas. If the electors think that tho plunder of the public treasury for the benefit of sharp bargainers and servile politicians is better than honest use of the people's money, then they should vote for the ex-members who sanctioned payments to Messrs. Meston and Ejied. Cooi'eh for work which would havo been better left undone, and who voted for the unscrupulous steel rails and freight contracts, and for the adoption of the white-washing report of a Commis sion — Messrs. Mokehead and Kin&s-; Fonn. Are these men entitled to the confidence of Brisbane electors ? Me Geiphih has put tk» caao of North Bris bane fairly before the public. Ho has asked them if, they have confidence in him to have ' entire confidence,' and ' not Bend in another representative to neutralise Mb vote.' Tina is a reasonable request. Equally reasonable was the request made by Hr. Griffith on Friday night lait : — ' He begged that every vote should be reeordod ' 1 he event to-morrow is exposed to two dangers. '1 he first is personal prefer ence. Many, people think Mr. Brookoa to be an extreme man ; they eay he is too rabid on his crotchets;, and that Mr. Douglas surpasses him in breadth of view and tolerance of opinion as well as in suuvity of manner. But Air. Brookes has one quality which Mr/ Douglas lacks; ho' i3 consistent ; there is a second, like to the first ; he is stead fast to his prinoiples and his party. Por. the last twonty-lhree years no one can chnrgo Mr. Brookes with being a political weafcheroock. If he be iv little obstinate, he has never rendered hitnselfiopen to the- suspicion of changing sides for either sentiment, popularity, or natural ?whinisicalnoss. Mr. Douglas has now declared hiiraelf. He- is an opponent of. both Mr. Griffith nnd Mr. Brookea; ho wants to put one 06 thorn out, cot from motives of ' porsonal hostility j'1 he is actuated by poli tical hostility to Mr. Griffith's policy. He would deplore Mr. Griffith a success because it would ba 'the rout of tho really progressive patly.' He therefore comes forth in his might at the. call of patriotism to avert the dire calamity of Mr. Griffith's success at the polls. That is the pluin English about Mr. Douglas's candidature. A glance at the. names of his nominators ; a knowledge of the fact that a Ministerial set' of canvassers ore1 doing their utmost to put him in, ought to satisfy the electors of Worth Brisbane that if they put Mr. Douglas into tho Assembly they ,will not ba. giving Mr. Griffith their 'entire confidence,'-'! and they will again be Bonding in a man who, on the whole substance of the Premier's policy, . .will, by his votes, neutralise the votes of Mr. Griffith. The other danger is apathy. There is a large number of voters in North Brisbane. Wo are perfeotly sure that a large majority, of: them tiro in favour of Mr. Griffith's safe policy, and opposed to tho reckicss, spondthrift, Bpoeulativo policy of Sir Thomas M'll wraith,' but will they Uka the trouble to placo their opinion in the ballot-box? If they do not desire to see the colony's popular interests strangled by ? a cruel coil of monopolising syndicates, every man should vote, und vote for both the Opposition candidates. So man who has faith in Mr OriflitU'e integrity and ability should give a plump voto. Let every vole be divided between the man who eay what thoy mean, and wh» will stick to, what they have «aid, and hot be found a year or tiro hence going over to tho Squatting and Conservative side. Political. — Mr. Douglas eaid on Siturday night, at the Albert Hall, ' Ue did not care a .button j whether he wa» returned for North Brisbane or not.' He must not be surprised to-morrow if a number of his frionds take him at Iub word, ' Morehead, whon leader or tho sub-section, used to affirm, that' God made the country and the Devil made the towns.' Tho electors of the Valley will be very humble minded if they, choose as thoir represo tativo a man who entertains such sentiments towards them. Thr PnKMiEn.— Sir Thomas M'llwraith arrived from Bundaberg last night, Saie of Buns. — A sala of the unexpired forms of leases of runs, in tho iinBottlod dis tricts, will take placo at Martin's tale rooms, on September 25. A Cobbection. — In tho ndvertisemont, 'Housman v. Thrower,' whioh appeared in our columns on Saturday, the hour at which tho salo was to havo taken placo (12 o'clock, noon) was, through a printer's mist-ike, omitted. Theater Eoxal. — Thero was a good houeo at the Theatre on Saturday, whon tho ' tights ; o' Londqn ' was given for tho last time. To ? night tho performance will ^consist of ' Led Astray.' Miss Kate Ardon will make her first appearance this season. ' Tiib Kennedys. — Those popular on tortainers, the Konncdys, will commence a shore season to night at tho Albert Hall Tho cntertainmeat is called ' Twa Hours at Hame,' and the pro gramme will consist of the Songs of Scotland. Lipb Assubance. — Mr. Bhort, travelling agent in Queensland for the Australian Mutiwl Provident'Socioty, will delivor alecture|in the Protestant Hall tin's evening, ontitlod ' Happy Homes,' bearing, on the subject of tho ad vantages of Life Assurance. Anneab &vd; Co. y. Commissioner j.h Railways,— The argument in this case on the demurrer by the defendant to tho statomont of claim was continued this morning before the full court. Mr. Griffith commenced his address at the opening of the titting, and had not con cluded when the court adjourned at 1 p.m. Pianos. — Messrs. H. J Pollard and Co. an nounce by advertisement thut they have suc ceeded in securing the services of Mr Seymour us a tuner. Mr. Seymour has an acknowledged reputation for the past twenty years in the ser vico of|Mcjsrs. Brotidwood and Co , of London, and other eminent pianoforte manufacturers Law Business.— In tho Supremo Court this morting, before His Honour the Acting Chief Justice, in the insolvent estate of Thomas Wil son Knowles, of Roma, on the application of Mr. Chambers, the 12th of September was fixed as the time for clos'ng the insolvenev, and tor the truBtoo to apply for his release. Certificates of discharge woro granted on Friday by Mr. Justice JPring to the following insolvents : — John Herbert Smyth, Henry Jonos, James M'inanlly, und Charles Dermoth. Mesmerism a.kd -PiuiiUALtSM. — Professor Arinand lectured' last ovening at this Albert Hall, advocating the merits of mesmerism and strongly denouncing the evils of spiritualism. Ho was opposed by a medium who agreed to come this evening, to the Professor's rosidence, at i'urkview House, Gregory Terrace, and give test to tho power of spirits. Tho Professor announced tnat ho would permit any of the auiiense to be present and abide by their verdict; Fire at Bulimba. — At about 9 o'clock on Saturday night a fire broke out in a cow shed at Bulimba, belonging to Mr. Allen, of Grey street, South Brisbane, and before anything could be done the shed and about a ton of hay were destroyed. The fire boll was rung-, nnd a number of the brigade turned out, but their services were not required. The property was uninsured. Soutii Brisbane Musical. Sooiett. — The-, third concort of this society will bo given in the Good Templars' Hall, South Brisbane,, to morrow evening. In addition to Parker's ' Silvia,' a capital selection of songs and ducts will bo rendered. For somo wcoks past tho members have been practising assiduously under tho able conductorship-of their lta *er, Mr. H. J. Pollard, and judging from tho last few rehearfiils, the concert will be a great success Instrad of the usual Tuesday praotico next weor, there will be rehearsals this ovening and on Thursday. A Work of Aetj — Wessra. Edwards and Chapman, drapers, Queen street, showed us the other day a French sash which is in several respocs a perfect gem of beautifully-blended quiot colours into an artistic wholo, the pattern, u modification of the 'old. Indian shawl pat ti-rn,' boing specially adapted for such a pur i oso. 'I ho effect is charming. W« learn that the pattern is produoed by the Jaquurd machine, I hit. it requires 4,000 cards to produce it, and that it takes tho weaver a wrek to weave a metre — a yard and about threo inches, English measure. Pktrie Teebace Gbiokht Clvb. — A con cert in connection with this club cam e off on Fridny night at. the , Kod Hill .-chool of Arts. There was a large attendance,. all pails of the Hall being packed, l'wentv' pieces ' appeared on the programme, all of which' were giroii evidently to t1 o Batisfaotion and delight of the a-.dience. ' Hurrah for Cricket,' ' Old Vir einny,' ' GooH-byo at the Door,' 'Sandgate Van,' 'Heart Bowed:Down,' 'Khine Wine,' ' Attractive Lady,' ' Irish love Letier,' and the ' Ghost in a Pawnshop.' aaoraod. to take mo-t with tho listeners. Altogether the concert was a very decided success. Mr. Douolas and the ' S. M..HERAiin.' — The following is tho passage in the S.M: Serald complained of by Mr. Douglas on Saturday night, but which he omitted to road::-' When ho (Mr. Douglas) res'ghed his seat in tho lust Parliament he did not even announce his in tention to the leader of his party. He took the fatal Btep beforo- Mr. Griffith knew any thing about it. I cannot Bay that ho has acted with similar abrupt capriciousness on this occa sion.. Ho did inform Mr. Griffith of his inten tion to come out for the city, but intimated, if I am correctly informed, that ho was not in tending to oppose either tho Leader of tho Opposition or his oolleague.' ?Mew Insolvent.— Alexander Bonnett, of Brisbane, grocor, was this morning adjudicated insolvent upon his own petition, the firat meet ing of creditors in the estate being fixed' for the 30th instant. , The North Brisbane Election. --In our supplement of to-day's issue an advertisement appears in which it is stated that tho polling for the North Brisbane election will take place on tho 25th instant. This is a mistike, as tho date should hove been tho 21it (to-morrow). . A Word o» Adyiok. — Now. chums- who may to-morrow exercise the right of voting, for the first timo aro kindly informed I hut it is only necessary to strike out the pamo of tho- candi date they do- not wish to voto for. Do not i ut any other mark on tho voting paper. Simply run your pencil through the objeotionablo namo. ' ; A OniiicE -on the: Drapers.— An ad vertisement in another column is to tlio effect that Messrs., Finney, Isles, and Co. and Grime's and Potty have deoided' upon giving their em ployes a, half -holiday on Thursday, to see the football match. Messrs. Finnoy and Isles have again set a good .example to the trade-, whioh will no 'doubt..bo,,gener'ttUyjfollowodiias(the half holiday will bevory popular, among', the' work people- who g»;t it, tind can be given,, just at tho timo wb'on there will bo' fewoiii people who will' want -to do shopping; Popularity, cannot always be secured at bo cheap a rate. ' Ludlow'' Oran&bs.;— By-an' oversight we omitted to' mention the rouoipt a few days' ago of a sample of |oranges, grown by tho Rev'. J. Voller, at his Ludlow Kstato, Samford Boa-Jl The vurietiea are Kmperor-inandarin, and navel orang'B, and both in size und flavour a o equal t- tho best -we have yet seen that have ben grown inLtho neighbourhood of Britbano, The naval oranges were a particularlr lino B&mplo; of that ruther rare variety in this district. :. TnElKennody family of vocnliste commonce a Beason' at tho Albert Hall shortly, and they announce- thnt they will sing the ' following' pleasing songs: — 'Gu ma-slan a chi .mi,' 'Mairi laghach,' ' Mo run goal dileas,' 'Fionn Airidh,' 'Fhir a bhata,' 'Ho ro monighean donn bhoidhcoch,' .'! Mauthdoiinn mhuiluj' ' Moladh na J.anndaidh,' 'Is toigli loam a Ghindhtjulluoud,' 'Gubhaiilh sinn an rathud mor.' A Welsh Histedfod isn't a, cir cumstance to this.—' Town Talk 'in The Week. Tho regular meeting ef 'the St. -Patrick's Lodge, 370, I.O. of Masons will be hold to night. ; An opon-air meeting of tho olectora of North Brisbane will be hold this evening ut the north end of the Victoria Bridge. . ? , . ' Thursday next will be obsorved as ft holiday ? by tho banks in Brisbane. ' . ? ? . . ? 