THE REV. WILLIAM LEADER. In reference to the case of the Rev. Mr. Leader the Methodist Journal has the follow ing The facts of the past and the present situation may be summed as follows : The Rev. Mr. Leader is a highly respectable man of middle age. Some years ago he took objection to the dogma of baptismal regener ation, as held' by his sect. He subsequently determined to resign his connection with the episcopal ministry ; and to protect himself against heavy penalties under an old per secuting statue worthy of the times in which it was enacted, he sought protection inside Gladstone's Act of 1870. He was now left free to enter Parliament, as some others had done, or to follow any other profession than that of polities to gain an honest livelihood. After a time he repented of the steps he had taken, and sought in the proper quarter for restoration to ministerial work. But to secure this — the dearest object to him in life — he came to South Australia, when the Vicar-General (Dean Russell) employed him, and sent him to Laura. Bishop Kennion comes to the diocese, and dismisses him. It is not pretended that Mr. Leader is erroneous in doctrine, immoral ill life, wanting in ability, deficient in zeal, or disobedient to authority, but solely and simply on the ground of his having sought a " city of refuge" under a sheltering Act of the Imperial Parliament, in such cases provided, he is ignominiqusly supeneded, and left out in the cold shades of the iaity, because in such capacity alone he can be recognised. Still, and notwithstanding, the "holy orders," according to the correspondent, remain intact, because the Church regards them as " indelible," though the use of them would be "illegal." With profoundest sur prise we ask, "How can this be?" Can a law of the Imperial Parliament, by simply protecting a refuge from certain pains and penalties, neutralise, either in intention or in fact, the sacreducss and solemnity of the pri mary call of that refugee to the high and independent office of the Christian ministry ? If not, then Mr. Leader is a clergyman to-day, Kid not a layman. Can the validity of ordina tion as administered by bishops and asso ciated presbyters be thus blocked? Impos sible. We much fear that Bishop Kennion is labouring under very erronous ideas as to the relation of his branch of the Church of Christ in this colony to the Parliament and the general public. In all matters ecclesiastical each denomination is free to work and wor ship without the interference of any secnlar power, local or Imperial. Therefore, in the case of Mr. Leader, as wo understand it, al though it might possibly be " illegal" for him to be re- employed in the work in England, it cannot be so here or in any other part of Australia. Indeed, the primary call of the Holy Ghost, and the confirming ceremony of ordination by the imposition of hands and prayers place him beyond the reach of any legal disabilities whatsoever in this country, and warranted the action of the Dean in sending him to the " cure of sonls" at Lanra. Mr. Leader should persistently assert his right on high spiritual and ecclesiastical grounds to be received and regarded as a duly qualified minister of Jesus Christ in con nection with that great organization of which he has been an honoured minister, and whose standards assert in no equivocal terms the indelibility of " holy orders." 