A SILENT WITNESS. CHIAPTIERS XXIII. HAL,-PAI?ALYBE D with horror and amaeement, Heath remained for'a few minutes motion . loss, his eyes fixed on the figure of his un welcome visitor, his parted lips rigid and Sparched. The apparition of a ghost from the other world could not more completely have astonished him; indeed, at first, he had an idea that the pale and determinbd face on which he gazed so intently, with its sad bloodless lips, its dark eyes flashing a scornful defiance, was either more or less than mortal. He had never doubted that Anne was dead. When he first met Stud. loey, on the captain's return from his futile search after his daughter in Paris, iud learned from him of the manner of Anne's disappearanuco at B3oulogne, Heath made up his mind that she had committed suicide by jumping from the pier; her mental power, which he had noticed on one or two occasions as terribly strong, must have been weakened by the horrible scone of which sheo had beeoon a witness, and the severe Sillness which she had subsequently under gone; and to avoid any further misery and degradation, she had put an end to herself. The captain had not thought it worth his while to disturb this theory,'more especially as he himself belieoved in the fact of his daughter's death. That: she had not drowned herself from the Boulogne pier he know, as he had duly received her. letter writton to him fromi Paris, but in that letter she had spoken of the burden of lifo being too heavy for her to beartany longer, alone and friendless as she was, and of her having taken measures for finding a place among the nameless dead. The captain had long since got rid of the uncomfortable fooling which the first perusal of these words caused him, and when a chance recollection of his daughter passed across his muddled brain, he thought of her and spoke of her to Heath as one no longer living. She was there, though, upright, stern, and pitiless. As Heath looked at her, the whole scone enacted on that fatal Sunday at Led. donford rose before his mind. Again he saw Anno Studloy looking in at the window upon the deed of blood; again he heard the long low wail which she had uttered before falling senseless on the ground. That accursed vision had not troubled him for months, but it was full upon him now, and there was the avenger, alive and standing before him. It was some time before he couldspeak; when he did, his voice was thick and husky, and he scarcely seemed to have his lips at his command. " What--what has brought you here ? " She said. In strong contrast to his hoarse utterance were the clear and ringing tones in which Anne replied. " There'is butone motive in the world that could have prompted my coming," she said, with her eyes firmly fixed upon him. "I have a friend who is Smy one tie to life; to save her from you I have come, hither. You are incredulous, I know, as to the existence of such feelings as love and friendship, but you willbo able to estimate the strength and truth of my love for this friend bythe fact that it has induced me to look upon' your face again." 'Heath had recovered himsolf'a little-a very little-by this time. He know that the figure before him was not that of a ghost, though it is doubtful whether any visitant from the tomb could hava inspired in him greater dread. His usual keen per. ception, too, was somewhat blunted by his terror and amazement; he did not at first appreciate the stern resolution hidden under Anne's quiet manner, and it was in a bully ing tone that he said " now that you have plucked up sufficient courage, or overcome your'maidonly reserve, or whatever it may be, and looked upon my face again, perhaps you will toll mo what you wish me to do." ' "I have heard," said Anne, in the same calm, clear voice, "that you are about to be married to Miss Grace Middloham. Such a matoh would, doubtless, be very advan tageous for you in every point of view, for Miss Middleham has beauty and great wealth; but much as you may be interested in her, my love for hebor transcends anything you can over feel, and in the exerciseo of that love I have come to toll you that you must renounce her." He was steadier now, much steadier, and looked somewhat like his old self, as he said, with a hard scornful smile, "it is very good of you to come to the point with so much fraunknoss. I must take exception to your estimate of the feeoolings I may entertain towards Miss Middlholam; but as regards my interest in her, you speak quite correootly. Also as regards my intention to marry her, and-my determination to carry that in tention into oefoect." The smile had faded away ore he came to those last words, which he spoke very de liboratoly, and with iis eyes fixed on hisi c ! dmpanion. '.'"Have you counted the cost of such a procooding, George Heoath " said Anno, dropping into a chair, loaning her arm on 'the deosk, and confronting him. "I have Sbeen quiet for so many months that you S. thought me dead-as indeeood I was dead to S' the world and all in it save one; whiloe you, relieved of my prosonooe, lhavo boon progress l..ing'in the world's favour, so that oven now, when you find me bofore you, you seem unable to roaliso thie position which we hold towards each other. It oan Ie made plain in a very few words," she added, beonding forward. "If you donot consent to give up your pretensions to Grace Middloham, I will reveal all I know. I will donouneoo you as ':a murderer I" His face grow pale again, but the scornful ' smile soon roturned to his lips. " Your education at IlJampstoead, where I first had the pleasuro of seeing you," he said, " ovi ::dontly did not include a study of the law, or : you would have onown in suoh cases a wife's ev oidenc cannot be received against her Shusband; and I have the honour and the '::ploesuro of calling you my wife." . He looked hard at liher to so the effeoot of Sthis homo-thrust, and was surprised to find r how. quietly she received it. "So be it," she said, loaning back in her chalir. "If that be the case, my point is gained. If you admit mo to be yourwife,' , Graco is freeoo, for I conclude that you d noit : openly propose to commit bigamy." Heath felt that lshe had scored a point, and her manner irritated him almost: as' much as her word. ": u~mppo, o I were to defy you," he said, "and to declare that you were not my wife ?" "In that case," replied Anne, "you would throw away the shield which you have just raised for your protection. I should tender my evidence, and it would be received." Her coolness provoked him beyond en durance. "Curse you I" he said, bringing his hand heavily down upon the table; "you may do your worst. I will throw over the whole question of wife or no.wife: I will say you are a crazy jade whom no one knows; and when you accuse me of having made away with Walter Danby and you will be asked for evidence, which you will find remarkably difficult to supply \--what trace has ever been found of the body? There is no proof that he ever came to that infernal place. A man's life is not sworn away so easily as you imagine." "That a man's life can be taken away easily enough, I have had horrible proof," said Anne, shuddering. "Walter Danby's body is hidden somewhere at Loddonford, and you know it." . She looked fixedly at him as she spoke; but he had regained his usual self-possession by this time, and did not betray the smallest sign of surprise. "I know nothing'of the kind," he said; adding, with an ironical bow, "' to me your assertion is, of course, sufficient; - but in a court of justice you would have to make it good." For a moment, Anne was a little discon corted by the perfect coolness of Heath's demeanour. "I have fortunately a choice of charges to prefer against you," she said, after a pause. "Suppose I were to accuse you of the great robbery committed in this very bank. Rlemember, I saw the gold and the jewels 1" " May I ask you where you saw them ?" said Heath; bonding forward. ":I will re. fresh your memory; in your father's house, at Loddonford." "That is true," said Anne; "but that would not hinder me from speaking. I know not whether my father is alive or dead; but, compared to Grace Middleham, he is nothing to me. To see- that her future is not wrecked is my determination; and,. to save her, I will toll all I know. Yes, all l concealing nothing, sparing none 1" As she emphasised this sentence, with outstretched forefinger, Heath recoiled in amazoment before her. This girl, whom he had rated so cheaply, had the best of him then. He was astounded at her audacity, more astounded at the firmness with which she held to the course she had indicated. With rage and mortification at his heart, he acknowledged to himself that the edifice which he had built up with such trouble during several months had crumbled into dust at this woman's touch. He was beaten on every point. The more revela tion of his previous marriage would - ruin him with Grace. He was beatenI and he must.own it, making the best bargain pos-. sible with the winner of the game. He rose from his chair, strode to the fireplace, and stood there with his hands plunged in his pockets. . After a, short internal struggle, during which he had recovered the mastery over himself, he said, in his usual tone: " A man of sense gives up fighting when he sees no further chance of success. You insist that I shduld give up this"intended marringo with Miss Middleham, and you threaten me with certain consequences if I refuse. Those threats are 'tbo strong for me, and I therefore submit; but, at the same time, I give you this warning,, that if you reveal moro than is absolutely necessary for the prevention of the marriage, you will bring absolute ruin upon your father, whois now a hopelessly degraded drunkard and pauper, and condemn him either to prison with me, or to starvation without me. You would not care about either of those altorna tives, I suppose, although you have acknow ledged that your filial feelings are not very strong ?" "My filial feelings are what my father mado them," said Anne, quiotlj; "'lbut' there is no need, I imagine, that we should discuss them here. My object will be met by' your renouncing Miss Middloham, by your telling her that you are not free' to fulfil the marriage contract into which you have entered, and by your rolinquishing all claims upon her hand." ; "I agree to that," he said. "I, have already confessed: that you are ?too strong for me, and that I can make no furthe8r fight." .. "I shall want you to writo'a lotteor to that offect," said Anne, "that I may take with me," , " A lotter !" he repeated. "Whyi oan I not tell Miss Middleham wheon I see her ?" " 3Because it is not my intention that you should see her for a long time, if ever again. You must write a letter in the soeso Which I have pointed out, whioh I can give to her." He shrugged his shoulders, saying, "As you will," and returning to the desk, sat down, and at once commenced to write. Anno, who at the same moment pushed away her chair, noticed that his hand was firm, and his writing, as usual, scrupulously neat and steady. "I supposo that will do ?" he said, handing her the letter when he had finished. "I have told her that it is impossible for me to fulfil the engagement, without saying why, and I have left any further explanation for you to make, con sistent, of course, with the terms of our bargain." " The letter will do perfectly well," said Anneo, plaoing it in her pocket, "and the terms of tihe bargain shall be duly kept. And new," rising from her chair, "our interview is at an end." " Not just yet," said Heath; "give me a few minutes more, if you please. You have had your own way entirely, and now I have a few words to say ?" " Say on," she remarked, with a gesture of impatience. "I want to know," lieo said, looking up at her with something like admiration, as she stood there, drawn to her full hoight, cold, proud, and sltatoly, "I want to know what you are going to do with yourself now ?" " Why can you possibly desire to know ?" she asked, in surpriso. " Whal t possible right havo you to ask ?" \- "I desire to know," lie said, lazily, still roegarding heor with that strango look, " be cause I have conceived a very great intorost .ii you; because I am amazed in discovering .you to be as you are. Our previous acquaintanuo was so plight that. I had neither time nor opportunity to learn to appreciate your real charactr, or the strength of mind which distinguishes you from most of your sex; and I dare to ask that was, I think, the other way in which you put the question-by virtue of my right as your husband ?" "Are you going to urge that plea ?" she asked, with supreme contempt. "I think I am," Heath replied. " With your talent and courage-you see I speak very frankly-you might be useful to me in many ways, and I do not see why I should permit you to enjoy that freedom of action of which you have just deprived me." "You uttered a very neat axiom just now," said Anne, "about giving up when you saw no further chance of success; but you have apparently not learned that it is as bad, if not worse, to threaten penalties without the power of inflicting them. I will apply to you the phlra~ which you used to me at the beginning of this inter view-I defy you to do what you threaten. I warn you that if you attempt to see Miss Mliddleham, I will at once take steps for denouncing you to justice; and as to your claim on my wifely obedience, I tell you plainly, that when I have gone out of that door you shall never hear of me again, unless it should concern her welfare-the welfare of the only human being I love that I should once more interpose in her affairs." She turned on her hebool as she spoke, and without loolking at him again, passed out of the office, and mingling with the orowd of customers at the bank counter, was lost to his view. The next instant Mr.' Heath seized the Sspeaking-pipe, and summoned Hollebone to his presence. "Quick as you can," he said, when the little man once more stood before him. "AA lady, rather tall, dressed in black, with a double veil, noticeable for its thickness, over her face, has just left this office.' She has scarcely yet gained the street; follow her, and let me know where she goes." " And I thought that girl a fool," said Heath, when he was alone again, "and eagerly agreed to her father taking her off Safter the marriage, and was delighted at the idea of her death. What idiotic short sightedness L Properly trained, she would have boeen woi'th anything-a powerful ally, instead of, as now, a determined enemy. One would have to have lived down her horror at all she had seen, but that would not have been difficult; women far more sensitive than I should judge hler to be have given up all such nonsense whon their feelings have been interested, and their passions roused. What a chance that wretched Studley throw away I In his case there would have been none of that horror to fight against; and with such a trump card as that in his hand he might have held his own- against all comers, instead of being the wandoring drunken mendicant that he is. It is a great comfort, however," he muttered, settling himself at the desk, "that I-have hitherto been enabled to in duce Studloy to confine his wanderings to the continent. I had quite enough on my hands before, and now I have to frame a plausible excuse for withdrawing from this marriage, on which, as everyone knew, my heart was set. There was no other way, however, that I could see to avoid instant exposure; and if Anne Studley only gives me a little time before she produces that letter, though I shall have missed the heiress, I may yet be ablo to hold my ground hero, and in two or three other more im portant quarters. Now to business again," he said, ringing the bell. Then to the por tor.who appeared, "send MIr. Towser to me." The faculty whioh had beeoon so valuable to him all his lifo--of being able to lay aside for the time any matter, of whatever gravity or importance, which might be troubling him-remained with him still, and in a few minutes he was so immersed in going over calculations and statistics with his chief clork, as to be temporarily oblivious of Anno Studloy's existence. Meanwhile, Anne, whose nerves, notwith standing her apparent outward calmness of demeanour, had been stretohed to the utmost point of tension during the interview in the bank parlour, felt the almost ineovi table reaction immediately on reaching the street, and was glad to hail a passing cab; once seated in which, her fortitude gave way, and she burst into a flood of tears. She had been victorious, though-she had that great consolation for all she had under gone; she had aohioved what she had undeortaken-the object of her mission was accomplished; and she was then on her way.to Graco's house, in possession of the letteri whioh would bring about Grace's re lease from her certain degradation and ruin. It was no part, however, of Anneo Studley's plan that Grace should be too soon made acuainted with the nature of the imminent peril with which she hald boon threatened or the means which lhad boon adopted for her delivorance. A patient and deeoop-soarch ing student of character, Anne, during the year of their residence in the professor's house, had noted the chalngo in her friend's temperament, Not that Grao c Iiddloham was loss al'octionato to the companion of her school-days, for nothing could oxoceed the warmth and the regard which she took every opportunity of evincing; but as her oharactor became more formed, she lhad lost the habit of depending for ovorything upon Anne's aid and counsel, had beoome con sidorably self-roliant, and not a little self willed. Thoso qualities, Auno rightly judged, would have increasod ratheor than lessened sineoo Grace had boon fully rooog nisod as the heiress of her unclo's fortune, and had boon made an objeoot of general adulation; and it was therefore possible that, in the first moments of indignation at hearing what Auno had done, she would refuse to beliove anything against her lover, and would insist on his returning to liher. T''hat Grac Middloham had entirely suo cnmbod to -IHoath's inluienic and faseina. tions Anno know too well, and that her auger against those who interfered betweeon them would be proportionato to liher passion for him'she fully bolieved. It was abovo all things, tlhorofore, desirable that Graco should be approached quiotly, and, if pos sible, persuaded to return to Germany with Anne before the revelation was made; in order that, being at a distanuoe, she would be deprived of the olianeoo of taking, in the first outburst of her wrath, any positive stops of whioh she might be induood, in her onlmor judgment, to disampProy0 aid wish to revoke.-- - - . . , - On arrival at the house in Eaton Place, Anne, who, during the drive, had managed to regain her composure, again felt the effects of the hard trial which her nerves had undergone in the earlier portion of the day. But she recovered herself sufficiently to impress the tall footman, who answered her ring, and to whom she gave the name of Mrs. Waller, with the sense of her dignity, and, consequently, to makeo him show her into the dining-room and announce her promptly, instead of leaving her in the hall to take her chance of the time at which the message, that "a young pusson was waiting," might arrive upstairs. Grace happened to be alone when the announce ment was made; and as it was a long time since she had heard Anne's pseudonym, and her mind having been so much occupied with other things, she at first failed to understand who wished to see her; but, the truth comning to her after a moment's reflection, she rushed past the astonished footman, hurried down the stairs, and, the next moment had seized Anne in her arms and covered iher with hisses. "My sweetest Anne," she said, "you are the very last person I should have thought of seeing here. Fancy your mak ing your appearaure in London after all your protestations that nothing earthly would induce you to come, and your refusal of the invitation which I sent you regularly for the first few weeks after my arrival I " "I should not be here now, dear," said Anne, returning her friend's caresses, "if the occasion were not a most important one." "I know what it is," said Grace, suddenly drawing back. "You have received my letter, announcing my engagement with George-with Mr. Heath, Imean; aud you have come to have a talk with me about it -a serious talk, I daresay, too-" " I have come on a serious matter, but not that," said Anno, quietly; "and, unfor tunately I am the bearer of ill news. It will, doubtless, be distasteful to you, in the midst of all your triumphs and successes, to hear of "rin and sickness; but the fact is, that M.damo Sturm is very ill-much worse than 1have hitherto lot you know." "Poor dear Frau Professorin I" said Grace. " How very sad ; I am quite sorry for her." " She talks constrintly of you,'" said Aneo, on whom Grace's society tone jarred un pleasantly, "and frequently expresses her most earnest wish to see you. "How unfortunate that her illness should have happened just at this time, whdn I am away," said Grace. "Latterly she has been so urgent in' the exprossidn of this wish that I have not Inown what to say to her ;:'and finally, I could refuseinolonger, but set off in the hope that I might peorsuado you to rotuirn with me to.ormay.ny" S"?y "dear Anhe," said Grace, "that wduld' be prfectl 'impossiblo." " Would it ?" said. Anne .. I fail to see that. You are your own mistress, are you not ?-you are dependent on no one's will? or wish ?" "No; of course, I am mistreis of my own actibns. There is no one whom I am absolutely obliged to consult," said Grace; "but' still, people would think iti so odd, my going away at a momant's'notice." i " What people ? " asked Anine. "Well,; Mrs.' Crutchley, for instanice,, seplied Grace. I i "Would it matter to youf what Mrs. Crutohley,thought ?" asked Anneo i" She is, is she noti a very temporary acquisition hired, liko your house, horses, servants, &o;,, for the season, and then to be got rid of and never seen again ? This old woman dying over there speaks of you as the only blood-relation now left to her; and implores you to come to her, that slho may look upon your face before she dies." " I am the nearest relation left to her, I know," said Grace, softening, "and if I thought I could do her any good-" "Nothing can do her any good, Grace," said Anne; " but it would be a satisfaction for her to take farewell of you, and to you, after she is gone, to know that you made her last hours happy at a very small sacri ficoe to yourself." "You are quite right, dear," said Grace, after a little pause. "It is my duty to go, and I will do it; she was kind to me, poor old lady, in her odd way, and I will not appear ungrateful. I need only stop a few days, and I am sure George will not object when he knows the reason of my absence." "You will come, then, with me by the mail train to-night ? " said Anno. " You will have no occasion to take a maid. I am Mrs. Wallor, you know, and can do overy thing you want," " To-night is rather sudden, Anne, is it not ?" said Graeoo. "I should like to have sooeen Mr. Heath." "Every hour is of consequoneoo," said Anno, firmly. " Your aunt only lingers on from day to day, and you would not easily forgive yourself if you arrived too late." " Vory well," said Grace. "I will go withll you to-night." But when this arraugeomontwas communi cated to Mrs. Crutohloy, that worthy lady was highly exasporated, and did her utmost to prevent its being carried out. Though the season was considerably on the wane, there were balls to be gone to and engageo imoents to be fulfilled. It was impossible that Miss lMiddloham should give up society and tear herself away from her frionds for such a very inadequato reason as tlhe illness of an old aunt; and when these various reasons had beeoon ouoe cossfully combated, Mrs. Crntohloy fall back upon what was really the mainspring of all her motives. She perfectly recognisod in the Mrs. Wallor, whoso sudden and un expected arrival had such influence over Miss Mliddloeham's movements, the mysteri ous corrospondent to whom Grace had ad dressed such frequent and such lonigthlly epistles: lshe thought thloro was something particularly suspicious, though what, she was not ablo to discover, in those oircum staueos; and, boeaton on every point, she urged most strongly that Grace should not leave London without seeing Mr. Hoath. Of course, Grace was anxious for an op portunuity of seeing lher lover, and as Annso made no objection, mnessengers were do spatched in search of Mr, Ileatlh, both at tihe bank and at Isis private chambers, and letters wore written requesting himu to comd to Eaton IPlace at once. 13ut Mrs. OCrutehley was given to understand that in no case would Miss Middleham's departure be podt ponecil, and orders were given that the necessary packing should be proceeded with. Time passes on, and the large footman announces that both messengers have re turned firom unsuccessfil searches. Mr. Heath was not to be found at the bank or at his chambers, and at neither place was it knownl whither he had gone; but the letters had been left for him, and Mrs. Crutchley, looking at her watch, declares that there is yet an hour before Grace starts, and opines that by that time he will arrive. The hour wanes, and Grace, after many caresses from Mrs. Crutchley (who is loud in her lamenta tions at the non- engagement of a courier), takes her seat by Mrs. Waller in the brougham, and is whirled away to Charing cross, where the tall footman takes their tickets, looks at their luggageo, and bestows on them a final benediction by lifting his hat as the train glides out of the station. Mr. Heath, too, has witnessed their de parture from behind the shelter of some luggage-barrows, piled on end; and hirs feelings towards one of the travellers, at least, are of anything but a benedictory nature. " You have succeeded, curse you I" he mutters to himself, as hlie moves out of the station. "You are carrying her away from me, and in a day or two you will tell her-. I beg your pardon I " The man against whom he has stumbled is shabbily dressed, with a slouch hat and clothes of foreign cut covered with worn and shining braid. Ho starts at the sound of Heath's voice, and steps aside that he may get him more fully in the gaslight; then approaches him again, so closely that Heath fooeels his hot thick breath upon his face as he asks him in jeering tones, "who is it you would like to murder next ? " CHAPTER XXfl, If Mlr. Heath had had his way, it is probahle that he would have answered the question put to him by the shabby man, as to "whom he should like to murder next? " in a very practical manner, by then and there . disposing of his interrogator. If, while denying himself this pleasure, he'had' desired to indulge in the rare chance of speaking tle truth, the words which would have start'ed unbidden to his lijps would have been, "that she-devil, your daughter I " 'For the shabby man in the foreign- out coat covered with worn and shining braid, .and the slouch hat-the man, with the tottering gait and the thick hot breath, who stoodswaynmg about uneasily in his bulbous boots-was all that remained of Ned 8tud lIy: the man who "'looked like a duko," don't ron know," and thanwhiom, at' one. tiio,' neither' Long's 'noi" Limmers ever :turned out a more perfeot; type of the' ex, military swell. There was i leer. in his' bloodshot oyoes, 'and 'a half- fatuous, half insolenut smile on his blotohed and' blohted face, that drove Heath sioarly wild ivith: rage; and it was all that he could do to bring the power of self-interest to his con trol, and to prevent himself from seizing the mouthing idiot by the throat and shaking him soundly. An instant's reflection, how eover, made him appreciate the oenormous price which he would have to pay for the luxury. The old man then standing before him, weak and wrotched, with a craving 'for drink, which, without his aid, he was un able to supply-a pauper, homeless, and friendless-was easily managed and dis posed of; but if he was once made aware of the fact of his daughter's existence, of her bold self-reliance, and of the way in which she had exerted her power, he would doubt less still have sufficient natural ounuing loft to see how his hold over Heath had been strengthened, and to avail himself of the knowledge. Plainly, therefore, it was Mr. Heath's business to temporiso with his dis reputable father-in-law, and render him as amiable as possible. "Is it you ? " he said, with that affeoota tion of frankness and bonhoeio which had often stood him in good stead; "I declare I did not know you at first, your foreign appearance quite deceived me." But the captain was very far from being moved by those blandishments. "My ap pearance is something more than foreign," he said, with a downward glance at his shabby clothes; "and, in the same way that there are none so deaf as those that won't hear, there are, I reckon, none.so difficult to convineoo of our existence as those who wish us dead. That is about your sentiment towards me, MIr. Heath; and that is why I ask you who you would like to murder next, with the perfect know ledge of what you would say if you spoke the truth." Heath's face darkened for a moment, but the cloud was quickly gone. "It is scarcely advisable, is it," he said, "to use such ugly words, even if you have reason to complain of me, and I do not think you have. But 'we will talk that subjeoot out at length. I 'was going to write to you in reply to your Iledtteorfrom Ostend, but your presence hero seimplifies the matter, and we can arrange Sit muchli better in conversation. Have you dined'? " "I had some infernal corned beef and bottled stout on board the Ostond boat at three o'clock, if you call that dining," said the captain; " but I have touched nothing since-at least nothing solid, I moan." " Then lot us got some dinner and have our talk at the same time," said Heath. "No, not in there," he continued, as his companion made a move towards the sta tion restaurant; " we should find that too noisy, too crowded, and too British alto gother. I know a place where we can be moro at our ease, and where the cuisine and cellar are both irroproaehablo." IHo ollored his arm to his companion as he spoke, and, pulling his hat far over his eyes, to avoid the chance recognition of any passing acquaintanc, led him out of the station and across to Loeioestor Squaro, plunging into a labyrinth of streets, whore the houses from tlleir oexternal appearanoco, would seem to have beoon trasplhutod from some foreign oily. Entoring one of them, in which, from the obsequious bows boe stowed upou hinim by the portly, bald-headed landlord and the brisk French waiter, lie seomod to be woll-lknown and highly roe spected, Mr. ]loath made hIis way to a smll lprivateo room on thIe Iirst loor, but prettily furn'ished anid tas;tefully dooorated, and thoro issued hIis orders for the relopast; which, he said, might be commno ced at .once, while the soup and fish weoro.in pro paration, with a fow hers d'rrrrcav in the shapo of prawns and radishes, and a bottle. of auttorno. A deep draught of the rich mellow wine, for the glass from which he drank was bell. shaped and thin, sent the colour mantling again through Captain Studley's bloated faLce, and brought the light into his bleared and rheamy eyes. " That's good tipple glorious tipple," he said, smacking his lips as he replaced his empty glass upon the table. "If I could drink that always, I should be a man again. I am not the man I was, sir, when we used to do business together. 'Age has clutched me in his claw,' as I recollect hearing one of them say at one of the penny-readings; and I am left alone in the world, at a time when I ought to have my friends and family about me." As he concluded theso maundering re. marks he shook his head solemnly, and pushed his glass across the table. " You must not give way in this fashion Studley," said Heath, filling the glass and returning it to his companion with a plea sant smile. " You know the saying, 'There is life in the old dog yet.' " " Yes," said the captain, after sipping his wine, "that's all deuced fine about the old dog, but the quantity of life in him entirely depends upon the state in which he is kept. Let him have the run of the kitchen, stretched before the fire and fed with the scraps which fall from the master's table the master's table," said the captain, re peating the words as with a dull remibi?: conce of something that he had heard before, "and he will go on all right; but if he is left out to sleep in an old barrel, and only gets dirty bones and such like-well, he will have a very bad time of it. And that's my case, IHeath; I am rather in the old-barrel-and-dirty-bone line, I am think. ing, and I don't see why I should stand it, sir; and, what's moro, I don't intend to." " Hero is the soup," said Heath; " we will go into that question by-and-by, when we have got rid of the waiter. Don't put any pepper into it, my good fellow," he continued, lifting up his hand in horror; "the cook would faint if hlie saw you experi. menting with his bonso frimne after that fashion." "My palate wants a little exciting, it isn't so keeon as it was, and that's the fact," said the captain. "I have often heard about the doctors who tell the poor people to supply themselves .with good port-wineo; but I never appreciated the point of the joke till lately. Lought to live well, I know, and I can't-that's about the truth of it." "I don't see that you have much to com plain of, Stridloy," said Heath, without any anger'in his tone; "the allowance which I have hitherto been able to make you, is 'certainly not large, but it ought to be enough tokeoep you going; and if you keep up your old skill at play -" "But I don't sir," said the captain in terrupting him; "both skill and luck seem to be gone. They lhavo introduced somo new games, too, that [ do not get hold of as I did of old; and oven when there seems to be a decided irun of luck, I find myselffunk ing in backing the card or the colour. Beo sides, I am too old, and too ill, to be carrying on this sort of game any longer, I don't want to be dependent on the clear noss of my head or the steadiness of my hand any, more. I want enough to keep me in comfort on the continent-I have lost all taste for London-with my half-bottle of wine for my breakfast, my bottle at dinner, and somoe hot grog at night. What I get now won't do that, and that's why I wrote to you. You got my letter ? " (To be contlinucd.) 