IlM ('LOOII ICS fxifcO.liNE I'ILIjK. Plampietto's comic opera "The Hells of Nor mandy " lust evening toolc t.Iio place of the •'Tambour Major's Daughter," upon tho boards «>i the Princess Theatre before another crowdud hunse. "hes Cloches lie Ooruevillo" was made familiar to tho theatre-goers of this city about eighteen mouths ago, for tho first iime, by tlm Pollard .luvonile Troupe, when it was uot only put oil tho stage 111 a very complete manner, but tlm representation of the .ij.cra—though given by juveniles-—was attended by a remarkable degree of excellence. Tho opera is ..no which is almost sure to hit the popular taste much by tlm many c itching airs with which it a! ..wiuis as the scope allowed for some of the aoims to exhibit their comic powors. With the iv i'Uircca which Uiu present lessees have at hand, ;md (ho liberality the)' display in mounting the different pieoosf the opera was exceedingly well put np.mthe staire. The representation of the piece was of a most .successful character, the audience Win}; liberal in their marics of approbation; whilst Miss Nellie tftewart as Sorpolette for her cider >>nu' j"*t escaped t\ double encore for her spirited rendering of tlie music, Scrpoletto is a Norman aid of humbli? origin, with considerable vivacity *nd dash, a lively imagination, and a superlative c.'nivimpt for the pronunciation of words or their meaning. Miss Stewart invested the character with that uUauion and due recognition of i's parts that, made hois a most successful performance. Tho part in which she shone to t he greatest advantage was in the assumed charac ter id Aldlledo liUcooay, am! her exhibition of a vulvar, untutored taste which delighted in parad ing finery an 1 vaunting what it cost. Uesjdcs hef excellent rendering *>f the cider song, Miss Stew.tK received a u'ell-dnserved encore for the *>ms,r in the haunted castle M Not ;t ghost at all." in the first act the chorus of the housemaid*, to •winch Miss Stewart sang sob), was another effort !»r which she had to respond, tho chorus of whiclj u-as alh-o rendered with capital olTect. Tho character of Uennaino, though tho leading one to the jiieee, is more subdued in tone, but it never theless afforded un opportunity to show what a versatile actress Mins Kanny Liddiard is. Her performance throughout was very oven, and sho invested the iw with a simplicity which was ..•Jinrmiugly natural. TJi« '•'J/.gond of the bolls" •A-;u simi bv her with considerable fcnalo and ex ; her ommeiation buinjf exception ally clear. The Kiidioneo was not cioV to mMj-niso tho merit") of lier contribution, | .-.ml rewarded har with woll deserved approbation. " Kruni pallid clu-elf " was anothor effort of hers, wliiel: teemed tho applause of tho audience. In the diit-.U i» tile second and third acts with Mr. Vernon, who sustained the character of tho Marquis, both he mid Miss Liddiard appeared to :idvantaf;e. In the male characters Mr. Yorjion :.~1 to hear the brunt of tl;a work. His singing <)f :1m ivalt/. rondo in tho first act was successful ■ 'iioiijii; to obtain from the audience a recall, tho • .'aptaviiting air, and the tempo being Butlimont t>) i':iteh the car and please the sense. Tho reel la viv« air and chorus in tho second act, in which Mr. Yermsn Kansf toe solo parts with great spirit, was one of the best features in the opera, tho chorus al>'i being given with considorablo effect. The liip? number npoij tho cUigo wore enabled give volume and depth ,to tho music, a ii.iieeable feature and a decide*;, improvement, .'iie u.ir being so successfully rendered a? to causa •lie awi'ieneo to ro-detnand it with unanimous np :>r.ival. if r. Woodtield as Grenicheux was let o)t >i/!ii!v last ivoning. His rendition of the Barca rolle v.-as very 1'iirly given, despite tho oxistence »f a i.-iiul. The dnet vitli Gerniaino was oxcellontlv n'adere.i, and in tho pijrt songs Mr. Woodtield »'.»> xuig With more ease a#d precision., Gaspard, the miser, whosa uholo soul 3s jp-apped up in the e >'.uemplation of Iiis treasuraSj \vas very truth i illv portrayed by Mr. Kelly. Iiis actinp, cspe • i.illy in the scone in the haunted chateau, was e>; ',>tionally good, and his simulation of tho flight ->f rtii.011 when he imagines himself surrounded by ; ho s;hiu'.ly tci.autsof the deserted halls was depicted -villi miK't realization. The comic characters of tho v'iovo, tho I'aillio and Gobo, were respectively en •-nifted to Messrs, Benhamand Wallaco. Both ful their parts satisfactorily enough to keep the audience in constant roars at their eccentricities, tlii- by-play especially of l{r, Wallaca in tho cider *••!>£ being excruciatingly fuuny. Tho minor characters and chorus parts \vero most satisfactorily tultilled, and tho orchestra, also deserve mention >Vr their accompaniments. The scenery by M,essi», ' I'-s.lon and Henniiiffs was another featurej Jjoth "-hf allies " Below the cliffs of Calvados''' and t)j£ -'•reharfi ,ef the chateau being more artistic in the v'ork, au<£ jnoro realistic in conception than is •■ujially the esse in tho stago scenery of tho Prin The ma.y-p.olo scene, which was raado a !''at«ra of the juvciiiU troupo when here, was not ^ntitidu(.,.vl, beins natural)- out of place in a -nvliard. 'ffu; appointments in tlj/i haunted chateau " I'll," wore complete, not the Joast feature ncr tlk; stained glass panels in dv2 /'relied "■'."indnw .'raiues of ilifl cliatcau, a most faithful i'lv^enUtion. The sta^o appointments and '■it--chaiiie.il eifects used in the present pro duction of both " Tambour ^iajor " and Ia's Cloches da Corneville" wer^ brought when these pieces were produced WelUourno under tho guidance .01 Sir. .I..I111 IVallaco, one of the members of tho present «';»pany. " Lea Cloches do Comevillo"1 is .'•i n v.-itS; jrreat completeness, and as pre •••artcd last Wiijins may be termed a very success reprcseatatioji. 