The Storyteller. THE PRIMA DONNA'S DAUGHTER. : O«R morniui; before rehearsal in the green room of the opera house Van Trouip, the baritone, asked Signor Notti if he bad yet neon the daughter of their prima donna. It is astonishing what a commotion this question, delivered in the sonorous tones of Van' Troinp, aroused among those of the members; of the orchestra who were standing and Hitting around the green-room stove. Signor Nolti was never very qnicK to answer a. question in English, so Monseiur Lallip, the French tenor, had opportunity to re mark : ' It.ia that; which harass inc. They . say she have but yesterday arrive to these shores. Now,' my friends, to what po3il ion will they place her in this company hero V ' How can wo toll what she will do when we have never aeen ber ?' said Mrao. Hilary, the contralto. ' If I could put my eyes oa hnr I would know in a momont what she would sine.' ' But she may not sing at all,' said Signor Paulo, the basso. ' Perhaps she vill dance ' 'In the ballet,' sneered Mme. Hilary. ' That's very likely, and she the daughter cf the manager. I believe she will prove to have a sort of low soprano voice.' 1 \nd vy!' cried Signor Moriue, who waH announced in the bills to be a mczz) soprano. ' Because it is so easy,' replied Mme. Hilary. ' Almost all green young things have that kind of a voice,' Here Van Tromp rolled in his baritone hot wee. n the.sn two, ' It matters not so much,' said he, ' what she will sing as what is her adjeotive.' ' (Tor de beols. Y.uir, d.-it is mobs eom portanteh,'snid Sinnor Notti, with a troubled air. He cultivated it, He was one 01 tuose small tenors who appoar iu ' Don Giovanni,' where Miev are led abnut from ccene to scene hetween Donna Anna aud Elvira' Kb was tint afraid that it would be said that the youni; woman was anything grazia, but he thought (in Italian) thai: the matter might an well be settled. 1 Thoro are no.adjeotives left that I know of.' said Mine, Hilary. ' 'Talented,' hril luint,' thiugs about ? a fine organ.' and snub terms as would suit a boginner are alreidy in use.' But I expect her mother will do something very good for her.' ' And so Bho ou^ht,' cried Mine. Gandor voort, who. snng in. the soprano chorus, and was raarrind to the triangles and cymbals, or at least , to the performer on tho-u instru ments * An' 80 vould I cef I hah von daughter and von kooinpnny,' Mme. Qndderyot was a ljood woman. She always appeared before the foot-lights iu a low-nfioked dress and rod heeled slippers, no matter what the rent of the costumo might he ; and at home oho wore black woollen stoqkincs nnd. washed dishes for five boys and a (sometimes very) triangular husband. ' She sail call tighiii vot ('lie sail plccze, but she shall nut sny 310 ominoutoh mezzo soprano from ze conservatoire uf Boliun, remarked Sicnnrina Moriue. 'I don't think she'll be likely to want that.' M mo. flilarv : ? inr I novor believed that there was any oonsnrvatory at Botzen. You ought to know Von Heinz,' said she to a trombone player, for ' you oame from that country. Is there a conservatory at Botzpn ?' ' Hum I' said Von Hoinz, 'stroking his beard—' hum 1 Conservatory at Botzon, hey ? . Hum ! i Anybody ought to know about dot,' ' But eet ees nnt the conservators, eeb oes the adieotif,' said Siennr Paulo, who had Mb eye upon me wnuening . couuuenauue ui iud eminent Morie, 1 It is that ehe cannot have the favorite, because they know her not at all, and bssidfls, the favorite is mine,' said Laflip. ' Perhaps they will give her ' most eminent,' said Mme. Hiliry, 'They say' that ' most eminent' will be all the rnge this season.' ' Eef z&y; do — ? cried Signorina Morie j and then she restrained herself. She knew her vocabularian weakness. ' She may be a real soprano,' said Amanda HaBtinRS, of tho contralto chorus, the firm ally and spasmodically paid dress maker of Mme Hilary ; ' Mme. 8mm may let her go on as prima donna aeconda. They do that sometimes.' 1 They must bavo tho very fine eye for the language if they do themselves Buy taat,' remark Laflip, ',For me, I thing her good mothar will to hor give tho adjective of ' brillant.' It if a good one for the be ginners.' 'But what has become of our solos ?'_ in- quired tho comet a piBtouier, who had just got tho drift of tho conversation into bis bald head. ' Can anybody tell me ihatV and he glared round for information. No one answered him, but Mr Sylvester, the basso profundn, looked over tho stove at Mme. Hilary and smiled. ' I have aoyeral adjeotives,' said he, ' and I never use bat on* of them at a time Sho ? oan have any one of them as she may choose. How would ' thunderous lebutan e ' sound?' Here Mr Sylvester smiled over the stove again, and everybody lnugb«d, for tho big brssn-profando was a great wit and might have henn a biiQo just as well as not, anil played [.leporello, if ho only could have s»emed as funny on the stage as he did off of it. 'Oh, you nooiln't all laugh so,' said Amanda, Hastings, ' for there was a woman once with a b.iBa voice, and she had a beard.' 'I propoxn,' HiiM V.in Tromp, ' that wo uivn ber the name of zusummcnschlaa. for 1 expect she is of inferior note.' No notice was taken . of this remark, for Van Tromp had not a roputation for bril liancy. At this iioment Mine. Sohn, the manager us well r.8 tho prima donna of the troupe, made her appearance, accompanied by her daughter. Mini1. Suhn was a tall dark wrqpau with a look about her mouth as if it would open very wide. She came in leading her 'l.-uujhfcur by the hand. Evidently there was to be n state introduction. The young ladyhad not the commanding presence of her mother. She was sornggy and had un manageable vellow hair. ' Zounds I' said Mr Sylvester, in a whisper to Von Heins, ' you could turn her upside down and use her head for a horn mop.' ' Ladies and gentleman of my koompany,' Hnid Mme. Sonn, 'thees is my daughter, Bortba Sohn Ater this morning sho will be von of us. For the list ten year my daughter hef led tho or— At this moment a call-boy olutched tho prima donna, and she st jppod to scowl upon him. But on hearing his message ehu turned again to her audience. 'Excuse me von minnte,' she said. ' The traysurer Rends for me. I am back right off away.' And she swiftly left the room. For a moment the Fraulein Sohn and her new acquaintances stared each other in the face, and the young woman, abashed b}' so many strange and apparently frozen coun tenances, retired to a window, and with her back to the company, gazed out upon the busy scenes of a back street. ' The skies 1' exclaimed Laflip, in an un dertone of horror,' is it that she will lead the orchestra ?' ? I have never heard of suob a thing in all my born days,' said Mine. Hilary, regarding the mop head at the window with a glance of astounded scorn. The first violin was a little man, and he stood in the middle of tho floor aghast. He turned pale and green, like a man with a hilinus chill, and his long fingers clutched and unclutched like a gnashing teeth. But lie said never a word. He was a Pole, and his little English fled dismayed from his despair of horror. I. T anA i-Vin rtrMicof Ml P oTnliiimpil Amiinrln Hastings. ' It's horrible. Like a Vienna woman !' ' Von Hoins the trombone man, was a psrson of few words. He never spoke if he could help it, but he had a loud voice. And now he thundered out : ? She shall never leat me ! Vnn it kooma to that I vill take mine trombone to mine house, and I vill lift it up to mine room, and vill fill him with goonpowdor, and I vill blow him oop — bangl She shall never leat mo 1' ? Oh no, Von Heius,' Baid Mr Sylvestor, ' not guupnwder. Thit's not the stile nowa days.- Fill your trombone with' nitro glycerine, my good fellow that will blow it nn ir\nnV\ Imf.fni* ?I thinks I can blow up mine own trombone mit vat I pleases, hey? I vill blew him oop mit Roonpowder myself. He is mine own.' ' But you wouldn't want to be behind the age would you !' asked Sylvester. 'I shall he bohind what I pleases,' cried Von Heins, ' and she shall never luat me.' In the meantime there was other sorrow than that of Von Heins. Mmo; Gandorvoort had her husband by both his hands, and tears stood in her eyes. ' Dere vas a woman in Anapach,' she faltered, ' who luad an orchestra mite a dryangle. Oh mine Herr, vot vil become of the little vons?' Oh mine boys I mine leotle poya, an' Hans mit de measles too.' Here the door oponnd and Mine. Sohn re entered. The yreanrooin company instantly resumed the frozen look it wore when she loft it, and the frowzy headed daughter turned her face inward from the window. The pi- ima donna had snarcely reached the middle nf the rn--:n when thn first violinist stepped before her. His despair had pre viouslv overwhelmed his English, and now tho Polish was. too much for his discretion. The Inngnaee of Koscinsko sprang in verocious fragments from his mouth. But if he had poured a scuttle of ooals down a waterspout it would have sounded just as much like talking to the prima douna. No one clso understood a word he said, but wiHi tho exception of Mme. Sohn and her iiilugiiiur, uvury puinuu iu biiu iuuua khevi uo was saying, as he stood there with his psa green face and his gnashing fingers, that he would nover play under the leadership of that yellow haired girl- No, he would pass away gradually by starvation, and his imitation Cremona should follow him to his lonely grave, but she — a girl— should never regulate his ap/ioqUiture, his cadenze-sosjiese aud his sprucciolaei. ' What does the man mean ?' asked Mme. Sohn. No one answered. What the first violin disguised iu Polish thoy hid in silence. They were in a unit in regard to the rebellion. The poor Polo essayed to speak again, but the words, with their nharp edge and cor ners, pt-.uok fast in his throat. He turned on hiR hnel. ami with a sort of agonised foreign amble, ho retreated to a corner. Receiving no aiiRwer to her question, Mine. Rohn, who was accustomed to the i-oeontrioities of string cenius, wisely let the uubjeot drop and resumed her former discourse, ' Ladees and Hent'e'Ijea' E'z ™ mine daughter, Burtha Sohn. For the lost ten years she haf led the orphan's life, alone in the natif villitche ver she vaa born. She shall belono to mi koomnanv. but as she does not sing, and as Heinricb Jhackson is sick, she Khali go under the stage to stomp mit de pole ven de cominandaut's ghost cornea valking on. Znt vill do for her to begin mit.'— Harper's Bazaar, Br/naiiARs' Kits. — Some curious infor mation respecting burglars' kits in the United States 13 given by an American paper. Bunk burglars' tools are generally of a very superior order, gathered with care, and piecemeal, until the kit is made up. A full kit oE tho best order is worth 2000rtol. This may all go in the failure of a job by disturbance, and gonerally does go when a successful piece oE work is accomplished, as tho booty is heavy enough to carry away in itself, and the tools arc left behind. Mechanics of a superior olass exist in the larger cities who make a Rpi-cial business of fashioning' burglars tools. In the absence of such n mechanic tho tools are colleoted in part j but as this a risky way of obtaining them, it is avoided if possible. Kits of the 'tobyman's' tools are kept on hand for hire, and a pood collection oan be obtained, in tho centres cf business for from lOOdol, to 200dol. These tool- rentors are generally tool makers also : but often the fence has them on hand, nnd it is part of tho business of the old oraoksmPn to help tha fence. Fifty per oent. of the more noted burglars are smiths, and thoroughly under stand the temper and capacity of their own tools. Sometimes a gimp, each owning implements of various kinds, ' pool' their possessions, and thus make up a full kit. The toolmokera have their specialties. Some are famous for chisels, others for punches and JBinmioB ; and ono maker made a national reputation for a sledge of load and copper that outirely superseded tnat forniurly used of steel, because of the dull almost noiseless blow it strikes.' 