SPORTING NOTES. By 11 Newmarket." Circumstances combined rendered the Bracelet Meeting at Caulfield on Saturday last one of the most enjoyable of the season. That important constituent the weather was tnoroughly genial, and, as a consequence, the attendance, particularly in the grand stand and saddling-p&ddock;, was very large. His Excellency the Marquis of Normanby, accompanied by Lord Hervey Phipps and -a party of friends, drove four stylish bays to the course, and as the team swept into the carriage- paddock, dexterously bandied by our worthy Governor, I was impressed by the thoroughly English-like appearance of the whole turnout. The lawn and sa«ling- paddock looked beautifully green, and addi tional stand accommodation was provided at the western end of the main building by the. erection of temporary wooden structures. Several other important im provements were noticeable, and when the centre of the course is laid down with English grasses, Caulfield will possess one of the prettiest racecourses in Australia. An innovation which specially commended itself was the commencing of operations at 1 o'clock, by which means the interest in the sport was well sustained, and as the last event was run at 4 o'clock, good light was obtained for the racing, and visitors were enabled to reach town before dark. The three trophies forming the prizes in the Ladies' Trophy were on view in front of the stand, and many and anxious were the glances that, were cast upon the handsome and costly douceurs. A good start was made with the Selling Race,' for which Halifax was voted to have strong claims. Queen Elizabeth', too, on the strength of having the services of O'Brien, was viewed with some favour, and was backed accord' ingly. Neither, however, had the slightest chance with Castaway, who was almost for saken. Buzza's condition was perfect, and as he was most artistically handled by his owner, he scored the easiest of wins from Triplet. Devilshoof, who was very trouble some at the start, lashed out at Musidora, and gave her a nasty kick, which prevented her from being as near the front as she might otherwise have been. The son of Smuggler, albeit he ran very wildly, showed that he is possessed of a more than average turn of speed, and, if he can be induced io settle down, he should make a more than useful horse, though at pre sent he is very hard to ride. The victory of Black Jacket in the Victoria Gold Cap, . though, perhaps, not a particularly meritorious one, Beeing that the veteran Abdallah, who was seoond, carried within a couple of pounds of 13st, was very popular, and the owner of the dusky son of Azza Babba received numerous congratulations. . Baronet carried 121b overweicht. and his rider. Mr. T. Watson, foolishly .elected to ride without a saddle. This piece of foolhardiness lost the chesnut whatever chance he might have had, as he came to grief early in the raoe. Mr. Watson is undoubtedly an excellent horse man, and by this time knows that there is a difference between riding and sticking on, therefore I am surprised to see him attempt to do a horse justice by riding him bare backed ipver a steeplechase course. The Ladies' Trophy attracted forty-two runners— the largest field that ever started in Australia, ! and a number which has only been fljo-Geded once in England, when forty-five started for the Stewards' Cup, at Goodwood, wou "by Croagh Patrick, in 18G1. Croagh Patrick, it will be remembered, was bred in Ireland, and was imported to Victoria from Mauritius in 1868\. He stood in the Western District, where he sired Waxy, who ran third for the Melbourne Cup won by Calamia. On the strength of private trials, Transferred was thought to be a real good thing, and indeed it looked like" it when the flag fell, for he jumped clean away from the field at the start, and continued to raise the hopes of his backers until well within the straight, where The Ghost shot to the front, and won with ridiculous ease by about three lengths, Liddington being about a head in front of the favourite Transferred. Batty deserves some praise for the way he rode the winner, for if it had not been for his. determined riding, in forcing his way through the ruck in the early part of the race, The Ghost would not have been near the front at the finish. Several horses were very badly injured through being galloped on, Mr. S. G. Cook's Tichborne being the most seriously hurt, though many others were as badly cut about. The winner tfas nominated-' by Mrs. Sannderson, of Richmond, who made the winning oolours herself, and, I am told, induced her husband to back her nomination. Nothing would go down but Vaulter for the Steeplechase, and he went down rather easily by General Jackson, who was very patiently ridden byM'Gowan. Ascot came down at the first fence, and Magic and Peter parted with their riders in front of the stand, but fortunately no one was hurt. After this event, there was a general stampede for the railway station. On Monday last the weights for the Melbourne Cup made their appearance, and, taken altogether. Mr. Barnard is to be congratulated upon his handiwork. Of coarse some horses, by comparison, appear to be harshly used, while others appear jo be leniently treated; but" take the handicaps for all and all, and the (Difficult nature of the task, I think it will xeaflily be conceded that Mr, Barn sr ' has made amosfcequitable adjustment of the weights. With a fist 71b minimum, the com. mencmg point is necessarily somewhat higher than that of previous years. last year Darebin headed the list with 9st 9ib, r0Wj.i- k&ve; Commotion at the top . 5fc wtth 10s 5 lib, a thumping weight certainly to curiy to victory in tbe tin opposB him in November next, but Mr. Barnard could hardly have given him less. Navigator comes next with 9st. llib., una I think, good horse that he is, the top weight will hold him safe. Stockwell, at 8st. 131d., is well in, and if the eon of St. Albans is thoroughly wound up on the day, he should ' hold all above him safe. With 8st. 81b. Hesperian is not hardly treated, Merman being an untried one, is not set down very lightly at 8st. 41b., still he is a well-proportioned animal, and is well up to the weight. As I intend to review the handicaps at length next week, iBhall merely select those who appear to me to possess the most favourable chances, and they are — onucKster, Zulu, Dirk Hatterick, Erictho- neus, Santa Glaus, Malwa (late Bagot), Grosvenor, Gloucester, Dukedom, The Beau, and Bordeaux. the Principal events of the V.R.C. Winter Steeplechase Meeting were published on Monday. For the Grand National Hurdle Raoe, Lothair is awarded the post of honour with 12s. 91b„ but I rancy the winner will come from Ontario. Sparkle, Gambler, and Dizzy. Simpleton is allotted top weight In the Grand National Steeplechase with 12st. 101b., Lothair coming next with 12st. 51b., 51b. above Trumpeter. Vaulter and Harper Thompson are fairly treated at list. 51b. and list. 41b. reepec tively. However, those who appear to have winning chances are Australian Court, Obadiah, Euchre, and -Lisette, and I also hear good accounts of Hope. For the Flat Race, I like Mistake better than anything else. Mr, Scarr issued the weights for the Hawkes Handicap and Metropolitan on Monday. The Sydney _ handicaps commenced upon a T?Tirn8 scale than Mr. Barnard, Pell Meli heading the list in the former event with 9at. 51b., and Commotion has been awarded 9st. 121b. in the Metropolitan, in which Cunnamulla is very leniently treated at 8st. 51b.; Chuckster, Warwick, and Gloucester are also well in. Satisfactory entries have been received for the Albury Racing Club Mares' Produce Stakes for 1884 and 1885. The iwmer event has eeventeen engaged, and tt lis r has closed with twenty-two nominatioou. The youngsters are the progeny of St. Albany Goldsbrougb, Waterford, Barbarian, Vblo, Ladykirk, Glorious, Sussex, Hamlet, and others. Visitors to Caulfield on Saturday com plained of the unnecessary smallness of the gates leading from the platform to the course, and a hope was expressed that better means of egress would be provided before the V.A.T.C. Spring Meeting. Nous verrons. As there was some doubt as to whether Black Jacket, the winner of the Victoria Gold Cup rat Caulfield; would be eligible to start for the V.B.C. Maiden Steeplechase, the matter was referred to the committee of the V.R.C. for their opinion, and they decided that, although the horse was a maiden at the time of entry, according to the new rules, which came into force on the 1st alt., he must be & maiden at the time of starting. This ruling will also prevent General Jackson, who was entered for the same race, from com peting. The committee of the Tasmanian Turf Club met last week, and p&srad; the following resolution 14 That Mr. C. S. Agnew having been guilty of improper behaviour towards the stewards of' this club, by having publicly stated that they had robbed him of the Launceston Cup in not upholding his pretest against Rhesus, be disqualified far a term of twelve months from date, and that no horse in which he is wholly or partly interested be allowed to ran upon the Tasmanian club course during the period of disqualification." A letter from Mr. Agnew in .reference to the foregoing appears in another column, appeal ing to all racing clubs in Australia to with hold endorsing -the decision of the T.T.O. pending the decision of the Supreme Court of . Tasmania on the legality of the resolu tion. Little Jack, the hero of the Birthday Cup, has been shipped to Mauritius, whence Beadsman, Avernns, and others departed. This will make another absentee from the Melbourne Cup. The up-country horse, Artful Joe, seemB to be & versatile customer, for I see that he won a couple of fiat races and a hurdle raoe in succession at the Mooroopna Races on Saturday last. The committee of the A. J.C . have decided to take no further action in the Hubbub- Hopelees case. . Strenuous efforts are being matto jn South Australia to do away with the totalizator, and the second reading of the hill to repeal the Totaliaator Act was moved last week by Mr, Gilbert, who stated that a majority of the Assembly had promised to vote for the repeal of the act. This statement is borne out by the South Australian Press ; therefore, it may be inferred that the days of the machine are numbered. The cloud which has enveloped the mys terious Coriolanus during the past season has gathered oloser round the noble Roman, for on Tuesday last he was offered for sale at Kirk s Bazaar, bnt, mimbile diclu, he was passed in at 1.000 guineas. Now, if his past running has been hiB true form, he sorely is not worth that sum. However, my readers will be able to draw their own in ference. from the above facts, which are not likely to escape the watchful eyes of the handio&ppers.; . There is a proverb about a certain class of people rushing in where angels fear to tread, and this teems to he especially . applicable to the hasty backers of Segehhoe who as short a price as 100 to 3, for several Sousands of pounds abott the son of aribyrnong soon after the entries were made. Now tfcatthe horse hasbeen scratched, they can reflect upon their cupidity,- Year after year t&r;' 'bli&''|'4raiiBded of the folly of backing hor$esore thc weights published, but the warning is soon forgotten, and as the day of nomination, comes . round tbe same stupid procfiig|£ rh-na£ted J. J. Miller's "Sporting Pamphlet £ncl Official Trotting Record" for 1882-3 band. No ains have been sparefi«|&r;$h4 / i ; i ... — compilation iff Hub useful little compendium, and as it is bound in strong covers, and con tains a variety of valuable information to sporting men, it . should command a ready sale, the price being bne shilling. Bundoora and Oomet (late Manilla) have been scratched for the Melbourne Cup, and a telegram from Sydney states that Segenhoe, Morpeth, and The Drummer have also been struck out. It is reported that Ad Valorem and JeBsie pulled np lame after a gallop at Randwick on Tuesday. The former has since been scratched for the Hawkesbury Handicap and Metropolitan. Punch's hotel, the former rendezvous of Sydney sporting men, has been closed, and the metalliciane have taken flight to Mr. E. e. Jones's International hotel, on the opposite corner, where a comfortable lounge has been fitted up for their accommodation. Messrs. W. 0. Yuille and Co. report having sold Zambesi, by King of Clubs from Saucepan, to Mr. W. Webb, of Queensland. I have to acknowledge the receipt of "Centaur's Index." The work has been carefully compiled, and contains a fund of useful information to racing men. A well attended sale of race horses was held on Tuesday at Kirk's Bazaar. Kambrook, 2 yrs, by King Cole, from Pearl Ash, fell to Mr, J. Morrison for £94. Mr. Macklin secured Lupell, 2 yra, by Gang Forward, from Romula, for £52 10s., and Mr. O'Brien gave £36 15s. for by Hawthornden— Modesty. The steeplechase horse YerlowassoldtoMr. Talbot, and Queen Elizabeth found a new owner in Mr. G. Dixon, the price being £52 10s. Colstoun and Illusion, whose sale was occasioned through a dissolution of partnership, were disposed of privately, by Mr. Leek purchasing his partner's interest in both horses for 1,000 Adelaide correspondent writes : — " A walking matoh was contested on Satur day, for fifty miles; the winner to receive £25. Cann and Harris were the competitors, j The former left the track after doing forty i miles, Harris winning easily. Another match nriii nrobablv take place between theBe men, for the same distance, for £50." A New Zealand paper has the following : — « George Durston, the well-known jockey, scored a "skinner" at the late Makaraka races— having' with four mounts won four races— three on Forest King and one on The Barb. His last mount on the King has a little history attached to it, which may not be uninteresting. George was slightly upder weight, and no leads being procurable, -he conceived the happy idea of filling his pockets with mud. This was readily obtainable, and George having turned the scale, went forth to The Victorian - bred colt Turquoise, by Tubal Cain from Topaz, is now first favourite for the New Zealand Cup, and has been backed down to 12 to 1. j Saunterer, by Bylong, the hero of a 1 hundred fights, and winner of the Hotham Handicap in Zulu's year, is to be raffled for in Queensland by 100 members at two The Murrumbidgee Turf Club have decided to hold their Spring Meeting on November 21 Rt 22nd, and 23rd. The principal prizes are- — Gold cup, presented by Messrs. DouglaS and lionghnan, with 300 sovs. added- Town Plate, 150 sovs.; Grand Stand StakeB, 100 sovs. The Cup distance has been altered to a mile and a half, Town Plate to a mile and a quarter, and the Grand Stand Stakes to. one mile. The total added money amounts to £M60 _ - I regret to record the death of Mr. John Kerr jnnr., who died at his father's residence on the 29th June. Mr. Kerr was a clever horseman, and racegoers will remember the tali thin boy who rode Sheet Anchor in the Melbourne Cup some years ago, and subse quently earned a name for himself as an accomplished amateur steepleohase nder by steering Amabalis, Canary, and others to victory. He was a modest young fellow, and had many close friends. Don Pedro, the hurdle-racer, having changed hands recently, has gone into T. Coffey's stable, and Borderinan has joined M. Griffin's stable at Brighton. Great complaints are made at the present state of the training-ground at Flemington. One trainer aesures me that it is positively dangerous to give horses fast work on the cinder track, which has become almost bare Aminff t.n the recent rains washing the cinders V %IW . _ away and leaving the pitchers so bare that horses become shin-sore after a gallop. Mr. M'Kenna purchased Napoleon on Saturday for £100. Slow Tom, the horse who was purchased by Mr. C. Warren after being disqualified, heat Dollar and Edith in a sweepstakes, with owners up. Anglesey and Comet have been scratched foe the Metropolitan, and Wollon for the Hawkesbury Handicap. Morpeth is now the reigning favourite for the Hawkesbury Handicap at 100 to 10 ; Sardonyx and First Demon are next in request, at 160 to 7 and lOO to 5 respectively. The disqualification of Old Jack, Lawrence this trainer), and M'Gee (his nominator) has beea endorsed by the committee of the Victoria Boeing Club. Queensberry, a winner of many races in New South Wales and full sister to Anglesey, has left the post for the paddock, and as she is a highly- bred mare, she should be on acquisition to pur stud harems. The Ballarat Turf and Hunt Club have fixed Tuesday, the 14th August, as the date for receiving nominations for their steeple ohase meeting. Floyd, the well-known steepleohase rider, and his wife, Mary Floyd, were plaintiffs in an action for £49 damages against a police nonstable named Nelson for illegally arresting the female plaintiff. The ease was heard hefnrfl Judge Cope at the County Court on Tuesday" last. The case for the plaintiffs was that Mrs. Floyd had been assaulted by two persons about on the 18th May, and she complained to Constable Nelson that a man named Hunt came up, and said Mrs. Floyd had struck him, and that the constable fgbereUpon said she was a prostitute, took her (to the lockup, and had her imprisoned on the of insnlting behaviour. The next .morning she was brought before the Police Court, and discharged. A witness deposed to Rearing -the constable call Mrs. Floyd a prostitute, and to seeing him arrest her lentJy. Oo&aWe; Armitage stated that when Nelson put her into the lookup he broke her parasol, and Constable Matthew Conniff, watchhouse-keeper, said that, in his opinion, Nelson was rather abusive and insulting to Mrs. Floyd. For the defence, William Hunt deposed that on the night in question he was passing Pbair's hotel in Collins street, when the plaintiff struck hi'm over the face. He complained to a constable, who would not arrest her, and then he went over to fcbeRain- bow hotel, where he saw Senior-constable , Nelson and complained to him. Nelson said he thought she was a prostitute, and took her in charge. A man named Fleming, who was with Hunt, corroborated this evidence. Senior-constable Nelson deposed that be was complained to by«two gentlemen, who came up about the same time aB the plaintiff, and said that she had struck one of them ; and, in reply to them, he said, " I think she is a woman of the town." He then told her to go away. Elbe would not go, but persisted in an altercation, and he took her by the arm and locked her up in the watchhouse on a charge of insulting behaviour, telling Hunt at the same time that he could come down and sisu the charge-sheet if he wished her prosecuted for assault. His Honour said there was nothing in the evi deuce to warrant the constable in asserting that the plaintiff was a prostitute or in arresting her, and he made an order against the defendant for £25 damages ; costs to be taxed. V.R.C. Soratchings. — Maiden Steeplechase : Holyrood. Grand National Hurdle Race : Doncaster. Steeplechase : Alhambra. 