Mr. O'Connor iB to bo congratulated on having piloted bia Bill to amend tho Sydney Corporation Act throngh the dangeroas Btngo of its second reading by bo largo a majority as 28 to 10. By tho Act of 1879 it was directed that tho citizens' roll should bo compiled from the rate receipts, and not from the rate-books, as had previously beon tho praotice. The effect of this was to ex- olndo from the citizens' list all occupiers of proporty excopt those who paid their own rates ; and as tho praotico, in tho majority of cases, is for the landlords to pay the rates, hundreds — indeed, wo might say thousands— of tho oldest and moBt respectable citizens were suddenly shorn of their right to take part in tho municipal government of the place. Those who are not acqnninted with the faots may be apt to regard this as an exaggeration ; bnt it is literally trne. It is not a question of opinion ; it is a mattor of fact. The first rolls oomploted nnder the Aot of 1879 reduced tho number of votes from 18,000 to C000, and if an analysis were made of tho C000 votes, it wonld probably be fonnd that they did not represent more than 2000 or 3000 voters— perhaps even less than that. Tho principle of cumulative voting wonld givo to one man who happonod to be the fortnnato owner of properties in all tho wards, something like an aggregato of 20 votes ; while hiB unfortunate tenants, from whom ho derived his income, wonld bo altogether de prived of their rights of oitizenship. It is astonishing that so palpable an injustice should have beon tolerated for a single year. One wonld think that the sturdy colonist, by whose plnok and endnranoo Now South Wales has beon made what it is, wonld have revolted at this pieco of the rankest Tory legislation that has ever disgraced tho statute book of the colony, The young mon, the sons of the oarly set tlers, conld have no sympathy with the con servative spirit of the measure, and yet it was permitted to pass without a single voioo being raised against it. Wo mnBt confess t'gul tjbe iuuillereucQ mauifested by t'uo pubiiu in the passing of the Act of 1879 was de plorable in the laet degree. The Bill introduced by Mr. O'Connor is not a long one, bnt within its compass it effects the most radical alterations. It pro vides that the citizens' roll, instead of being compiled, as heretofore, from the rate re ceipts, oball be compiled from the list of persons liable to pay rates, Instead, there fore, of the owner of the property monopolis ing the voting power, the occupier, who is really the ratepayer, will enjoy tho rights and privileges of citizenship. No donbt an at tempt will be made when the Bill is in committee to pnt the property-owner on the roll as well as the occapier, and to that we have no objection. Bat what we do object to is the monopoly of the vote by the owner to the entire exclusion of the occupier. The aim bhould bo not to narrow down the basis of the Council by making it the representative of a mere section of the community, but to broaden its standing and increase its power by making it the trne reprcsentotivo body of the citizens of Sydney. It is preposterous to assume that no one bnt the actual owners of property have any interest in the govern ment of tbo city. There is no particular virtue in briclcB and mortar to entitle those who deal in that commodity to any special privileges oyer those who deal in merchan dise. A city is not made np of one class, and for one class to arrogate to itself the right to monopolise the governing power is not only wrong in principle but vicious in practice, and contrary to the best inter ests of the community as a whole, The merchant and the shopkeeper aro jnst as much interested in the wise and economical government of tho city as tho owners of property are, and no right-think ing person would for a moment attempt to shut them out from the municipal franchiso. Tho argument that has been advanced by a few extreme Conservatives in favour of this course is so shallow that it is scarcely neces sary to reply to it. They oontend that those and those only who pay tbo rates have any right to a voice in the government of the city. Bnt are we to assnme that the land lord who pays tho rates himself doeB not collect them in some form or other from the tenant ? Tho occupiers of property aro the persons who really pay tho rates, and to them belong the duties and responsibilities of regulating tho government of tho city. The Bcope and measure of tbo Bill are not, however, confined to the enfranchisement of those who wero deprived of their rights of citizenship by the Act of 1879. The Bill pro poses to abolish camnlative voting, and to on- able female ratepayers to vote at elections aB well as tbo sterner sex. With regard to the first of these proposals there can be no donbt that the tendency of the age is to abolish those distinctions which give to wealth a larger share of representation than to persons of limited means. Thore is no reason why a man with an unpretentious bouse should not be as earnest in his desire to advanco tho interests of the city, and as capable of shaping the conrse of good government as tho man with a palace. Why, then, Bhould his inflnonco be cnt down by giving to others two or three rotes to his one ? The extension of the franchise to ooeupiora of property, is an additional reaBou why tho question should bo settle! in a liberal spirit, and it is to bo hoped that when the Bill is in committee hon. members will deal with it in a broad and enlightened manner. By giving all owners and occupiers ouo vote each, the rights of property will bo respected, the interest of tho citizens increased, and the status of the Goancil raised. As to female franchise, wo soo no reason why thero should be any distinction in regard to tho sexes. If a vote is to ho given to a male person because ho is an occupier of property, it surely should be given to a female person for the sarao reason. Thero may bo Bomo persons, like Mr. Pigott, who do not see that " sance for the " goose is sanco for the gander," but we shall be surprised if hon. members do not agree by a largo majority to respect tbo claims of tbo weaker vessel to a share in tho rights and privileges of citizenship. Mr. O'Connor is deserving of tho thanks not only of the people of Sydney, but of the colony generally, for tbo broad linos laid down in hiB Bill for tho fntnro government of tho city, and it ia to be hoped that ho will bo accorded a hearty co-operation by hon. members in carrying it throngh its remaining stages, and making it the law of the land . Mr. Itedmcmd is porpotually assuring us that the Land League is in no way responsible for the atrocities that wero committed in Ireland. Unfortunate!', however, tho facts do not accord with tho lion, gentleman's assurance. Tho latest information furnished by tlie cable tells its own tale. It is as follows : — " Six " members of tho Irish organisation, known as " tho Patriotic Brothers, navo beon convicted " on vnrious chnrgcs of being concernod in " outrages in Irelnnd. Records which wero " produced at tho trial show that tho Land "Leaguo had requested tho society to kill " certain prominent landlords. Sheridan and " several American Fenians aro implicated in " tbo conspiracy." It is really too lato for Mr. Redmond to attempt to whitewash the Land League. Tbo proofs aro forthcoming in all directions that the hands of those who controlled the inner working of that organisation were dyed in blood, nnd Mr Red mond must think wo are very credulous indeed if lie supposes that his positivo assertions will blind us to the real facts. Tbo records which were produced at tho trial of tbo six men alluded to in tbo telegram aro said to provo that the murder, of certain prominent landlords was instigated by tlio Land League. Tlioro aro bo many miserable informers in Ireland wiio are ready to swear anything to savo thoir own necks, that wo are bound to rocoivo thoir testimony with caution ; but in tlio present in stance tho proof is of such a character that thero can bo nosuspicion of false ovidonce. Tho records speak for themselves, and tho Land Leaguo stands convicted as n cowardly and a murdorous organisation. Mr. W. Redmond, in his cele brated speech at Cork, stated that tho Land League was dead, but that its spirit livod iu tbo Irish National League. Is this statement truo? Does tlio spirit of tho old murdorous institution breullio in tho now leaguo, or doos it not ? Aro tho funds which tho Messrs. Redmond aro col lecting in theso colonies to bo sent to Ireland nnd used in tlio murder of " certain proininont " landlords" in tho same way as tho funds collected by theso gentlemen were used by tho late Land League? Of course tho Messrs. Redmond had no idea that they wore tho main stays and accomplices of murderors in tho Land Leagno, any more than thoy havo that they nro acting as tho skirmishers for mon of a similar stamp now. But what guarantoo linvo tho peoplo of theso colonies tlmt tho Mossrs. Rod- mond are not tho innocent accomplices of as reckless a set of cut-throats now as thoy woro when tlioy collected tho funds to pay for tbo assassination of the "prominent landlords" alluded to in tlio cablo news. Our cablo messages to-day state that a fearful disaster has occurred at the foot of Mount Ararat, in Asia Minor. A series of destructive avalanohes went down the mountain sides, destroying several villages and killing over 100 persons, Tho dyna mite scare has taken possession of the people of Lon don, and with good causa. The recent outrages and throatB of others have consequently put tho military authorities on the alert, and 2000 troops from the various regiments stationed in the home districts, have been told off for sentry duty at tho principal public buildings in nnd around London. A de tachment of the Coldstream Guards has been specially detailed for duty at the Houses of Par liament and Buckingham Palace. Great satisfac tion is expressed at tho prompt action taken. Easter Monday (yesterday was obsorved as high holiday by Sydnoy folk, and while they poured out of tho city to ruralise, thoir country cousinB poured in by tho railway and trams to Eec tho lions of tho metropolis. The Bandwick road wob the most frequented spot by far, owing to tbo crowds going to the races, but the harbour i wob crowded with boats and steamers, the sight being very bcnutiful. The trams, and cvory . means of conveyance, both by water and lead, were extensively patronised, and in very many cases were quite inadequate to meet the demand upon tbeir resources. Had it not been for the influx of the country cousins aforesaid, the city would bave been almost deserted during the day, bnt in the evening the principal streets were thronged, and the theatres and hotels did a rearing trade. It was observable that orderly conduct marked the proceedings everywhere yesterday. Full reports of the various sports, ice., will be found elsewhere. The Autumn meeting of the Australian Jockey Club was commenced at Bandwick yesterday, the weather being fine but sultry, and tbc attendance the largest that had been witnessed there, upwards of 20,000 persons being present. The fields of horses were large, nnd the racing some of the best ever seen in the colony. Warrigal won the Hurdle Baoe from Satellite, First Try, and ten otherB, after a splendid race. The Antumn Stakes gave a magnificent contest between Tho Assyrian and The l'innger, resulting in favour of the first named, while Darebin was third, and Commotion, .Sweet William, Connamulla. Mistaken, and Lord I.isgor were unplaced. Warwick landed the Champagne Stakes very nicely from Copra and Aberioylc, whilo Navigator won the St, Leger in a canter from Morpeth and Nicholas, tho only- oilier starters. Sardonyx proved his undeniable ; gsmenese by winning tho Donoaster Handicap very cleverly from Gloucester and Creswick, while Kaipara wound up tho day's proceedings by ap propriating the Trial Stakes, Bethna being second, and Manfred third, The encampment at Windfor wa3 the scene of a eham fight yesterday, which was very fairly car ried out. A full report from our own reporter appears nndcr tlie beading "Easter Encamp ment." The artillery camp at Middle Head was yester day a special point of attraction to visitors, who arrived both by land end water, numbers of Bteamcrs discharging their living cargo at the jetty. It was fortunate some of them did not do so in the harbour, for several of the boats were dangerously overloaded. However, visitors flocked to the encampment, and during tho day it must have been the resort of several thousands, who crowded the roadways, and almost impeded the movements of the nrtillery in the celebrated action that took placo in the afternoon, l'o-doy and to-morrow the camp will be well worthy of a visit, as the men are to be actively exercised, and on one of the days, probably to- morrow, his Excel lency the Governor will visit the scene. The Balmoral jetty, a rather rickety concern, collapsed yesterday under n little more than ordin ary pressure, one of the Bteamers coming alongside carrying the end away. The jetty might, under ordinary circumstances, have withstood the strain, but there waB a superincumbent weight upon it at the time in the shape of two huge water tanks, and a crowd of human beings, some of the latter being partially submerged, and one lady sustaining a Eevere shock to her system. Messrs l'otts and Paul's steam launch, of about five tons, was under the jetty, and was swamped. The breaking of the jetty made it very difficult for steamers to get alongsido until nearly high water, and conse quently many persons had cither to remain till late'to get away, or to cross country to catch the Mosman's Boy steamers, whioh wero crowded with boliday-makcra. The Art Society's exhibition of pictures at the Town Hall was very well patronised yesterday. Crowds of up- country folk poured in, and tho addition to the fundB of the society must have been especially pleasant. Mr Charles Turner, of Sydney, contributes n very effective water-colour painting embodying Scott's lines — Thrice to tho liollv brake, Thrice to tho well, I hid thco awake, Whito Maid ot Avcnel. The conception is excellent, although n little care might have advantageously been bestowed on the execution. Another study of Mr Turner's, " Sun shine and Shadow," is not equally pleasing. Mr Ernest D. Stocks, of Ballarat, sends a very beautiful and artistic water-color study of " Tasman's Arch, Taeman's Peninsula, near Hobirt." The effect of the iight coming down through the sides of the gigantic natural arch is undoubtedly very fine. Mr Stocks sondB three other studies. Mr Hoyte's two studies of New Zealand scenery, " Dusky Sound, AVest Const," nnd " Milford Haven, West Const," give a vivid and correct idea of the glorious mountain scenery of the sister colony. Mr C. Blomlteld, of Auckland, who contributes exten sively, would have done better to confine himself to fewer subjects nnd to have worked them out with more care. His" White Terrace, Rotomnhnna," would have been much better had more lime been bestowed on it. Mr G. L, Luker, of Adelaide, sends amongst others a very charming and unpre tentious study of "A Surrey Village," which should be interesting to the rising generation of this colony. Mr J. Dalgarno's " View of Outer 8outh Head, from Sydney-road, near Manly," iB an exquisitely-finished and very effective, although modest, study. The exhibition commences at II a.m., and ccutinncs with intervals till 10 p.m. On the 2nd March last, Mr Stuart, in reply to Mr Day, stated that the pnpors in connection with the Bermagui mystery would be laid on tho tablo of Iho'IJouee when completed. The "Bermagui mystery," as our readers are aware, relates to tho sudden disappearance of Mr Lamont Young and his party, who have never since been heard of. It is surely time that these papers were available, so that tlie public might have an opportunity of judging as to whether all that can be done has been done to clear up the fate of those unfortunate men, A fatal affray took plaoe at tho Glebe Island abattoirs enrly yesterday morning. Two boys named respectively William Carter and Thomas Grief, bad a quarrel, when the former struck the latter, whereupon Grief threw a knife at Carter, and it lodged in his thigh, inflicting a wound, from which the boy died two hours after his admission to the hospital. An inquest will be held to-day. Further particulars appear in another column. An inquest wbb held at Wibdsor yesterday on tbc body of Mr Alfred ParBons, employed at Messrs Young and Lark's establishment, Moore- street, who wnB killed nt the Windsor railway bridge, on Sunday, while jumping to avoid a train. The jury found thnt noonc was to blame, the unfortunate young man and his party having no right on the bridge in question. At a meeting of the Manly Council on the 15th instant, it wab decided not to express an opinion on the Fire Brigades Bill, as that borough was not in a position to benefit, by the provisions of tho Bill. It was resolved to joia the Municipal Association. A letter was read from Mr William Montague Coward, asking how many street lamps the Council would guarantee to have lighted with gas, if a company were formed and gas supplied to the town of Manly within 12 months. It was decided that the Council guarantee 30 lamps, pro vided tho company undertake to provide house holders with gas at not more than 10s per 1000 feet. A motion, "That the Council have life-saving apparatus, consisting of two lifo buoys and long lines, plnced upon the ocean beach, in order to prevent a recnrrenco of such a deplorable accident, as lately happened, and obtain nny con sent required for the purpose," was seconded. It was finally decided, "That it would be impossible for the Council to carry out the proposal, a3 in all probability it would induce persons to risk their lives, by bathing in a place acknowledged to bo dangerous, and perhaps be the means of losing in stead of saving lives," Either the driver of one of the motors on the I Waverloy tramway is a Salvation Army man, or an enthusiastic salvation Boldier, and endeavoured to : convert tlio motor from the error of its ways yes- j terday. A copy of tho lKur Cry was posted on the largo lamp which at night sheds iight in front, | What the offset of this will bo from a pious point j of view it is difficult to Bay. j Larrikins nnd larrikinesses aro not pleasant j topics. Occasionally, however, they so obtrude themselves on the public notice as to call forth comment, Yesterday afternoon, abont 3 o'clock, a black gin and her huBband wero walking along Sussex-street, the hlackfellow, according to enstom, several paces in advance, when a great hulking larrikin rushed across the street, threw his arms round the gin's neck, and kissed her. He Immediately returned to his loafing companions, shouting, " I've won tho wager." About 8 o'clock in the evening a party of Lascars woro walking along George-street, and woro followed by five larrikinesses, apparently from 16 to IS years of age, who bustled and pnshed the IndianB about, using the most disgusting language, to the evident delight of a party ot larrikins who were following 1 them. It is no excuse to say that these creatures had evidently been drinking, and It may safely be asserted that no such disgraceful soeno would have been enacted in the towns and villages, from which those strangorB had come, by the women of tho so- called inferior race. The Intercolonial Cricket Match — Victoria v. South Australia — wbb continued yesterday at Mel bourne, but rain put a stop to the play rather oarly. Victoria, with two wickets down for 13 in tho first i innings, increased the score to 189 for seven ; wickets when stumps wero drawn. South Aus tralia, with her 23 runs, it is evident, has not " the ghost of a chance." A report of the play will be ! fonnd elsewhere. The eteamship Victoria, which arrived yesterday from Queensland, brought 2500 ounces ot gold for the Australian Joint Stock Bank. The business in the two police oourts was as short as it was sweet yeBtorday morning. At the Central Court thero mustered some 10 " drunks," and at the Water Police about 15, with divors other cases of a more serious character. These latter were remanded till to-day, only those who pleaded guilty having been dealt with. Thoro will be a great array of misdemeanants at both courts this morning. " Punctualities " is tho title of a shilling volume of illustrations and letter-press from Ifclbouw Punch. The work embraces 10S pages, and is full of humour of a general character, and not depending upou local uile, j 