The ostimate of cost, wliioli appoared in oar issao of yeaterday, in respect to the carrying ont of tbe doaigns for the improvement of the port of Sydney in aocordance with the plana adopted by tho Wharfage Improvement Asso ciation, will necessarily attract a good deal of pablio attention; Tho proposal is to baild most of tho works, in the first instance, with wood, not only as a matter of economy, bnt in order to accelerate their completion, and to leave tho permanent work, each bb the con struction of the soa wail, in masonry, to bo carried ont as oiranmstanoes may determine. Under this plan, it is estimated that the wharfage works, from the head of Darling Harbonr to tho Oironlar Quay, wonld cost £950,000, or in round numbers a million ster ling. Bnt this ostimate does not include tho resnmption of tbe land. It is, however, calcnlated that the 280 square ohains of land which wonld ba availablo for sale after the improvements had been eilectod, wonld yield a snfnoiont retnrn to pay for the 5G0 square chains wliioli it wonld be necessary to roanmo in the first instance. In that event the resumption itself wonld cost nothing, and wo aro bonnd to admit that Mr. Bchnlzo, tho author of the scheme, has made ont a very strong case. There can be no donbt that land with a frontage to the improved wharves wonld be worth at least donble its present valne, and if that point !b conceded, we may simplify the question by omitting all roferenco to tbe cost of resumption. In addition, however, to tho wharfage im provements, Mr. Sohulze has submitted an estimate for tho construction of a line of rail way, with passenger stations at the foot of King-street, and at the Circular Quay. The figures he has givon show a total earn of £2,260,000, or, in round nnmbars, two and a quarter millions ; bnt included iu this amount is a sum of £1,000,000, to be paid to the wharfage account for 200 square chains of land, wbioh wonld be available after tbe resumption had been aifeoted, and the wharves constructed. If, therefore, tbo Rail way Department adopted this scheme, and purchased the .'and at the price stated, the magnificent wharfage improvements sug gested by tho committee conid be carried ont without aUgle shilling of expeuse to the State, If, on the other hand, the Railway Depart- I ment declined to adopt the oropoeal, the land -— ---3 ' ' ------ could be sold for something like the amonnt slated, and the first cost of the works woald accordingly amount to nothing. Onr im pression is that the committee Bhonld have nothing whatever to do with the proposal to provide passenger accommodation. If the Railway Department chooses to adopt the scheme let it do so, bnt nothing conld be more disaelrons than to tack on to the wharfage proposals a complicated question like the city railway. It may or may sot be desirable to expend two and a quarter millions to provide a passenger . station at the Circolar Quay, and another at the junction of Darling Harbonr and King- j streot ; bnt there can be no possible dispnte about the expediency of accepting tho improve ments suggested in the wharfage accommo dation of the port — if they can be obtained, as tho committee estimate, absolutely for nothing at all. Whether or noUhe estimate is a sound one, we are not prepared to say. It may tarn oat that the workB will cost a great deal more than has been ealcnlated upon, and that contingencies will ariso which have not been taken into acconnt ; bnt suppose we allow, for argument's sake, that the estimate is a million under the mark, and surely that is margin onongh, it is still of tbe highest importance that the Government shonld not allow the proposal lo escape attention. If, instead of coBting nothing at all, as the committee estimate, the works should involve an ontlay of a million sterling over and above the retnrns from land sold, there wonld be the whole of tbe water frontage, as well as the wharfage itself, to tho good, and at a very moderate estimate this wonld be worth two or three times tho snm stated. It ie quite im possible, in the natnre of things, that any thing conld be lost, while there is a strong probability that a large amount wonld be gained. Tho land would not be' taken away. On the contrary, it wonld bo added to by the area reclaimed from the harbour. Nor wonld it be depreciated in value. The effect of the improvemente wonld necessarily bo to enhance tho valnc. If, therefore, tbe area is increased and tho valne enhanced, there mast be a profit. It ie not necessary to inquire into the details of the proposal to understand this. The broad principles of the case Bhow that the contention is a sound one, and challenges the contradiction of op ponents. It may, however, be nrged that what is soand in theory' is not always sound in praotice. This we are prepared to grant, bnt the qneation does not dopend solely upon theory. The Metropolitan Board of Works in London pat tbo principle to the teBt, and by its applica- tion amassed a clear pront ot two millions sterling. We have, therefore, not only the evidence of onr senses to gnide as, bat the very substantial example of the London Board of Works. To carry ont each a scheme it wonld no donbt be necessary in this colony, as in other places, to appoint an independent body, armed with the necessary authority, to do tho work, bnt that conld be no obstacle to its completion. There is qnite enough public spirit on the part of onr commercial men to undertake the management of a Harbonr TruBt, and tbero is no lack of pro fessional talent to carry ont tbe project. The only question is whether or not Parliament will prove itself abreast of the times. We may be quite sore that bnt for tbo Wharfage Improvement Com mittee there wonld not have been the ghost of a possibility of any snch sohemo being adopted ; and tho chances nre that, before anything is done, the committee will reqnire to go a step farther, and propose a Bill for submission to Parliament. If the creative faculty on the part of the committee is equal to tho task of drafting a constitution, as well as preparing a plan of operations, there is some hope that the Legislature may be suffi ciently ronsed to a sense of its dnty to accord its sanction to the scheme. Mr. Ryrio, tho honourable raombor for Braid- wood, lias been rclioving his mind and absolving his soul by an after- dinner confession. In a general sense, politicians, like other peculiar people, are prone to admit any tiling and acquiesce ad infinitum after dinnor, for it is then that tlioy attain that opooh in tlieir diurnal existence when lovity expels romance, and when tlio corpus sanum triumphs too much over tho mens sana. Filling tho body often partially empties tho mind, and politicians, at tlio close of a banquet, aro a different raoo of men to politicians unweighted by tho respon sible rcmanets of tlio festivo 'board. Our Cooma contemporary is responBiblo for tho assertion that Sir. Ryrio, at a crickoters' dinnor at Sliehclago, oxplainod to tlisso presont that he would nover have voted for Sir Henry Parkes' "loyalty motion" had he known then that it had been brought forward as a " party " move." Assuming that Sir. Ryrie has not been miisreported, it would bo interesting to learn from what sourco ho acquired tlio in- iormntion tunt tne motion in question waB charged with what ho now dooms tho taint of party _ bias. ' i In his place in tho Assembly Mr. Ryrio ranst havo heard tlio accusation mooted prior to tho voto being taken, and ho must also havo heard tlio author of tho motion repel tho tnunt. If ho accepted Sir Henry Parkes' disclaimer then, what is tlio basis of his subsequent repudiation ? It would not bo fair, porliups, to deal too linrdly with our public men for tlio orrnticisnis enunciated at tlioir after- dinner orations, and so >it would not bo fair to accuso Mr. Ryrio of a desiro to ploy at tho conventional gaaio (common enough among soino politicians) of holding with tho hare and hunting witli tho dingoes. And perhaps, aftor all, the repudiation With which tlio Slicholago festivities were overloaded was only mado in a Michelogical and Mick-allegorical eonso. Onr cable mesiBges to-day annonnce that the statement that th: Merquis of Lansdowne sacccads the Marqais of Lorne as Governor- General of Canada, has been ifficially confirmed. Henry Chao. Keith Fitzmauriie, Marquis of Lansdowne, is quite b young min, being only 39 years of age. He Fiieceeded to tie title (creation 1784) in 1SGG, and he is aieo Ea'l of Kerry and Shelbnrne in Ireland. He has sat in the House of Lords as a Liberal. We leam by cable that Mr Oreighton, of New Zealand, haa comluded arrangements with the United States Postal Department and the Pacific Mail Company, for the continuance of the mail service of the latter. He feels confident that tho New Zealand Gorernment will ratify the agree ment. At a meeting o! the Execntive Council, held yesterday, at noan, two cases in which capital sen tences bad been passed, were considered. Thuy woro that of Benjamin Stephens, tried before Mr Justice Faucett, at Dubbo, and found guilty of shooting at his wife with intent to kill her, and that of an old man, John Cosgrove, tried before Mr JuiticoWindeyer, at Bydney, and found guilty of murdering Elizabeth Wagner, by shooting her, After examining into Stephens' case, further con sideration was postponed in order to obtain infor mation as to his sanity at the time of committing ! tbe offence, and since. In Cosgrove's case it was decided to let the law take its course, The debate between Mr Cbarlei Bright, so well known as a freethought lectnrer, and the Bev. Mr Spicer, on the question, "Are science and tbe book of Genesis contradictory," commenced at tho Protestant Hall laBt night, and attracted a very large audience, tho spaelous room being filled in all parts. Tho Hon. G. H. Heid, Minister for Public Instruction, occupied the chair, and intro- ' duced the subjeot matter in a few very well chosen I and perfectly impartial remarks. Tbe debate is to I last over two nights, and last night occupied two hours. The supporters of the very divergent : opinions represented by the :wo gentlemen who conducted tbe debate musbred in nearly ! eqnal numbers, and applauded heir respective I 1 -.adore very heartily, whilst according a fair hear, ing to him from whom they respectively differed. Tbe arrangements for the Press rorarters were of the most wretched description, ani if the gentle men engaged ia elncidating trnth lesire that their efforts shonld be widely read, they had better take care that to-night at least suffieimt facilities are given for those who have to record heir ntterances for publication. The debate will ho renew ed at 6 o'clock to-night and terminate at 10. Mr Poole, M.P., and Mr Harris, K.P. (Mayor of I Sydney), introduced a deputation t) tbe Minister I lor Mines yesterday, at 11,10 n.ta, The depntft- : tion consisted of Aldermen Kippax, Green, and Withers, find Messrs James and Hutchinson. A sum of £2000 had been voted by Parliament for the purchase of ground to form b direct street between the Haymarket and Bourkc-street, so as to relieve Oxford-street of traffic, but the ownera of the ground in ques'ion asked so high a price for it that £2000 was insufficient. The deputation now requested that Government would resume the land. In reply, Mr Abbott stated that ho eater- tained doubts whether the Act gave power to re- sumo land for sncb a purpose as that under dis cussion. He would, however, bring the matter under the attention of his colleagues, and let the Slayor know tbe result. For himself, he would b e glad to eee the street opened, i The polling ol candidates for Phillip Ward, in j the Municipal Council of Sydney, in tho room of i ex-Alderman Wadsworth, takes piece to-day, Tho i candidates are Mr John Meeks and Mr P. R, Larkin. The jurymen summoned for causes in th e Divorce Court need not attend until half-past 11 o'clock this morning. Wo understand, in connection with tho Wharfage Improvement Association , that the plans for im proved wharfage which have been on view at the ! Exchange during the paat few days will bo re moved on Friday morning, so that those who are dcsirouB of inspecting them should tlo so without delay. To-morrow (Qncen's Birthday) being n public holiday, the following arrangements will be ob served in the mail branch of the General Post Office The various offices of that branch will be open from 9 till 10 a.m. only, and the morning delivery only will be effected by letter-carriers. The country mails usually despatched in the after noon and evenings, also tbe coastwise, inter colonial, and foreign mails, will close at 9 a.m. Tbe iron pillar-receivers and receivers at snburban post offices will only be cleared at the first nsnal hour on that day. The weather -continued cold, wet, and windy yesterday, notwithstanding tbe indications ot a break on Monday. Outside Beveral vessels were weather-hound, and tho gale reported from New- castlp continued violent, causing great detention to shipping. v The Mercantile Rowing Club annual ball, on Junc20, at the Exhibition Building, Prince Alfred Park, promises to be as great a success as its pre decessor last year. A meeting of the committee w83 held yesterday, when it was decided that the ball should be, as usual, a plain and fancy drern one, and it will be under the patronage of the Mayor and merchants of Bydney, Aa some objections were raised last year to certain mala coBtumes which wero worn, the committee reserve tho right to pntany persons bo offending out of the build ing and retorn tbcm their money. The Full Court, their Honors Sir James Martin, Chief Justice, Mr Justice Windeyer, and Mr Justice Faucett presiding, was occupied the whole of yesterday in hearing the arguments of counsel in the equity appeal case, Walker v. O'Brien and another, defendant O'Brien's appeal, and de fendant Curlewes' appeal, part heard. The argu ments were not conclnded when tho court ad journed until to-day. A meeting of ratepayers of tho borough of Bur- wood was held last night at the Bnrwood Council Chambers for tbo purpose of considering tho ad- viseabiencss or otherwise ot lighting the borough with gaB on the bases mentioned by the Australian Gaelieht Company. Mr H. M. Deakin, mayor, presided. Aldermen Beaver, Broughton, Cummins, also Mr E. Farr (council clerk), Messrs J. Briorly, A. M. Woodhill, R, Hardie, and about 20 rate payers were present. Tho mayor said that in 1877' the Gas Company offered to light the borough at £10 per lamp. An offer to light the borough for £9 per lamp was also made in 1882, and the coun cil had subsequently offered to pay £7 10s per lamp for 75 lamps, or £7 each for 100 lamps, the com pany then being willing to accept £8 per lamp. Asbfield had co-operated, and he tbonght that any action Bhonld be in conjunction with Ashfield. Other boroughs, which had commenced at a higher rate, were now paying as low as £G 10s per lamp. Mr Woodhill sug gested that they could well afford to wait and see whether the electric light could not bo applied to the lighting of the boroughs. In reply the Mayor Btated that the council had already con sidered the question of lighting with electricity, bnt to light the first lamp would cost £2000 or £3000. Mr R. Hardie pointed ont that to cover a large area like Borwood, wonld reqnire a number of different depo's. Mr Woodhill snggeated that if the borongba would agree to take 300 lamps among them the company Bhonld snppiy the gas at the lower rate. Tbe chairman stated that the lighting rate of 4d in the £, wonld produce £778 per year, enongh for 110 lamps. Mr Edwin Butler moved — " That this meeting do hereby recommend the council to make or accept any termB that they may deem advisable for lighting the borough with gas." Mr Woodhill seconded the motion, which was carried unanimously. A vote of thanks to the mayor was passed, and the proceedings ter minated. _At the District Court, yesterday, before Mr District Conrt Judge Dowling ana a jury, the actions Riley v. Bell, and Kelt v. XlUey, wnicU had been sent down from the Supreme Conrt, were initiated. ' Tho actions, by consent, were tried together. Mr Rruce Smith, instructed by Messrs Fitzhardingo and Lucas, appeared for Mr Riley ; and Mr G, B, Simpson, instructed by Mr E. A. Shorter, of Parramalta, appeared for Mr Kell. From the evidence adduced, it appeared that early in the year 1882, Kell, who ia the son of Mrs Kell, innkeeper at Farramatta, and drives a team ot horses and a drag to the Hawkesbury, asked Riley, who was a farmer at Mittagong, to proenre for him a team of fonr horses. Riley did so, and it was agreed that Kell shonld pay £70 for the team, and give, in addition, a brown coit named Lock- harfit, belonging to him, which was at the time in tbe hands of Riley, to dispose of. The fonr horses wero delivered in tho month of May, 1SS2, and £40 was paid on acconnt, leaving £35 still due. In November, Riley began to press for payment of the balance, and on the 6th of that month Kell, wbo had need tho horses for over six months, wrote for the first time that two of the horses wouldn't draw " tho hide off a mosqnito," and aBking Riley to take them back. In tbe alterca tion, he nsked that tho £10 and the brown coit mieht be rctnrncd. and that he wonld then return tho team. This Riley refused to do, and com menced an action, whereupon Kell sued Riley for detaining tbo colt Lockbardt, claiming £100 damages. The cobcb were not concluded when the conrt rose. To-morrow (Queen's Birthday) all the trams set down on the ordinary time tables for Glebe Point and Forest Lodge will not be run, but tramB will run as frequently as possible thronghout the day. A meeting ot the committee of the conversatiane to be given by the Engineering Association of New South Wales in July next, was hold at tho offices, 43 York-street, on Monday last, Present; Messrs Owen Blacket, president (in tho chair), IV. D Cruickshank, W. E. H. Nicolle, Trevor Jones,, and W. II. Humphreys. The secretary announced that already applications for space had been re ceived for GO exhibits, and that over 100 forms of application for space had been distributed among the steamboat companies, merchants, and others. Messrs W. Akhnrst and Co.'s tender for the eupply of tickets was accepted, and it was resolved that the City Band should be engaged for the first three days of tbe opening, with tbe option of its continuance for the remaining period of nine days. The question of inviting tenders for the publication of tbo catalogue was ordered to stand over for a future meeting. Several importers of bicycles having applied for space, it was pro posed and carried that space be granted for snch exhibits. Judging from the support already given, to the movement, the convertatione promises to be a great success. Primo Host Clack, who is vacating the Charing Cross Hotel, Waverley, was entertained yesterday by his fellow "Buffs" at a picnic at Clontarf. Mr M. Burns' fine stoamer Annie took down some GO good and trne members of the B.A.O.B., who, when they arrived at the scene ot action, com menced a series of games nntil the hour announced for innch, which was provided by the City Cater ing Company, Tbe toast of " the honoured guest" was enthusiastically drank in foaming goblets of champagne, end a highly enjoyable day was spent. A group of the happy party was taken by Mr Bchrocder, of tho Haymarket. Captain Boden, who piloted the staunch vessel, received high encomiums for bis seaman-like bandllug ut tu.t craft, and the courtesy he displayed on the occa sion. Certificate meetings id a number of estates were held in tbe Insolvency Court yesterday, beforeithe Chief Commissioner ; and. certificates were ordered . to be issued, on payment of tbe usual fees, to the : following insolvents : — Robert Mater, August ' Rsnken, Charles H. May, and Nicholas Chapman, In tbe matter of Tbomas Hyland, the Commis- sioner reserved judgment, for the consideration of two affidavits as to the books. In the matter of Richard Davies, judgment was also reserved, Several other applications were postponed. Patrick- John Dunn pleaded guilty to having stolen an overcoat, valne £2, the property of Charles Is arshall, who was living at the same boording-honse with him, and who, after giving evidence, asked Mr Dillon to be as lenient as pos sible. Prisoner said he had only come from Webb's, at Batburst, three weekB ago, and be pro mised never to offend again, Mr Dillon sentenced him to Eeven' days' imprisonment, as it was a first offence. Another coat-lifter, much older in appear ance, but Btill only a young man, who attempted to get put of the matter by saying it was a mis take. received a similar sentence, ; Alexander Fxaser, a young lad of 1C, was charged at tho Central Police Court yesterday, with having insufficient lawfnl means of rapport, tc was stated to be one of a gang of pickpockets who frequented tbe Theatre Royal every night, ct teeming wbieU complaints bad been often made. Prisoner was also stated to be a companion of convicted tbiev?s"and cardsharpers. Detective M'Lean had charge of the case. Detective Williams said although so young, had never done anything for an honest living. Prisoner had a home, and good respectable parents to go to if he liked, only he didn't like. He had done three years for burglary, and had only been out of gnol three months. Mr Dillon, after remarking that he wished' ho could inflict a heavier punishment, gave him six months' hard labour. An old offender named Elliott received a similar sentence for breaking some corporation railings, Fanny Carrnthers, a respectably-dressed young woman, was charged at the Central Police Court yesterday, with stealing two pairs of kid gloves, some spoons, and somo lace, of tho valne of 15s, the property of Walter Jarvis. Constable G, Moss said that Mrs Jarvis gave prisoner into custody the previous evening. She admitted taking the lace, but denied the rest. Prisoner denied tho latter statement, which she said was untrne ; she had taken nothing. Mrs Jarvis, whose hnsband has a shop in Harris-street, Ultimo, Baid that prisoner was in her employment as a domestic" servant. Tbe articles were stolen out of the shop. Witness found nearly all of tbem in prisoner's possession, tho spoons being concealed under the mattress of her bed. Upon being accused of the tkeft at the time sho emphatically denied it. Witness bad been so often robbed by domestics that she felt it compulsory to take the present pro ceedings. Prisoner cried a good deal in conrt, and Jsaid Bbe would never do it again ; and Mr Dillon being moved to pity, then said as she had never offended before, he would only inflict a penalty of 20s, or 14 days gaol. When the Crown-street time table was last altered, it was promised, in consequence of the large number of passengers from Sydney at that hour, that two cara shonld be daily attached to the 5.33 p.m. from Bridge-street. This promise has been adhered to up to last evening, when probably, as one of tbe practical jokes the em ployees on this line are so fond of playing, and as it was raining heavily Bt the time, only one car was despatched. The consequenco was that this was more than filled before leaving King-street, and it went through without Btopping to pick up passcngerB at the other crossings in Elizabeth- Street. Had Mr Roberts heard the opinions freely expressed by nearly a score of persons left waiting at the Park-street corner, ne would certainly have fell far from complimented. About 9.30 on Monday morning some excitement wbs occasioned at the junction of the Ncwtown- road and George-street, consequent upon- a col lision between tho Marrickville tram and a parcel delivery cart. It appears that the Bight of the "illegal" monster coming round the corner so frightened tbe horse that it backed on to the line, and despite the efforts of the driver the tail ot the cart collided with considerable force against a compartment of one of the carriages. Tho window of the latter. .was smashed, and several ladies narrowly escaped injury. When Kate Spronle gets drunk she should not fall against people's shop windows. On Tuesday she got overcome, and took to leaning against the windows of Mr Callaghan'a pastrycookiDg estab lishment, in George-street. There was a crash, ot conrse — a regnlar Kate- aatrophe — and the woman was pulled out in rather a scared condition, and " short of wind, oh I" but, fortunately, still suffi ciently conscious to swear. She was ordered by tho magistrate at tho Central Police Court yester day to pay £5, or go to Darlinghurst for a couple of months. Yesterday at the Water Polico Court, before Mr Addison, S.M., Nicholas O'Brien (31), a bootmaker, for using threatening language towards Ellen O'Brien, his wife, was bonnd over to keep the peace for six months, finding two sureties in £10 each, and entering into hia own recognisance in the Bam of £20. Thomas Morris Philbrick, 16, ship's apprentice, belonging to the Alianshaw, was charged with embezzling a bottle of brandy and nine bottles of stout, part of the Bhip's stores, value 15s, and was ordered to pay for tho goods. On the snmmons side, prerided over by Mr BnchanaD, S.M., Michael Deluc was fined £8 19s and costs for selling oysters withont a license. An accident, attended with the most serious consequences, occurred at 11 o'clock yesterday morning, at the corner of King and George Btreets, through the running away of a carriage and pair. It seems that the horses became utterly unmanageable, and on reaching the point above mentioned, knocked down and ran over one Martha Molyneux, breaking all tba lower rib3 on the left side of her body, and cutting and bruis ing her face. The unfortunate woman was at once conveyed to the hospital, when she was fannd to bo iu a state of Bevero collapse. Restora tives and remedies were then applied, and tho patient towards evening was found to be progress ing very favourably. Yesterday afternoon Patrick Burke (45), a labourer in a quarry, whilst under the influence of drink, fell from a height of fifteen feet to the ground, and was mnch injured. At the hospital he wbb found to he suffering from a swelling aboat the region of the spine, and a severo scalp wound. He was attended by Dr Muskett. Yesterday, at the Water Police Conrt, before Mr Addison, 6.M., Wm. Blnff was charged with stealing a purse, containing 12s 6d, from the per son of Bridget Waters. It appears that prosecutrix was waiting for a tram when the prisoner camo behind her and tried to remove her parse from her pocket. Having only jnst taken it oat to purchase some tram tickets, the parse was lying near the (op of her pocket, and prisoner succeeded in removing it, hut was observed by prosecutrix, wbo struck at him with her hand and called, " Stop thief." He was subsequently arrested and brought up on tho present charge. His Worship committed prisoner to take bis trial at the ap proaching Quarter Seesions, 