The Argus. PUBLISHED DAILY. "I am in the place where I am demanded of conscience to speak the truth, and, therefore, the truth I speak, impugn it whoso list." TO CORRESPONDENTS. Loiters and other commun, GA ti on y i ti tun did for lusor tion ht tho news columns should bo addressed o THE EDITOR. RcjeUul letters cannot ho returned under any clr Luntbtanoos u Imtrn LI COI run ¡wild en te aro advised to If top copies of tln.ir letters, as thin rulo « ill bo adhered to strictly. Ko notlco can ho tuleen of atianj motín communications I \er> letter must bo uecompankd foy tho iiamo and address of tho writer, not IIUXHWIIJ for publication, but as a guarantee of good faith. ToavoidinconvenionceanddeluN toperaona interested, w o havo to »((iiLhttlutt all hu si nts» communication«, including athcrtisoinontti onlers for tho paper, ami remittance;, ho addi cssedto W11 HON and MALKISSON, and not to TUK 1 »iron Payments hy post*otllou order, bank draft, or \ letorlan postado stumps will oblige. THURSDAY, AUGUST 16, 1883. The statement made by Mr. BERRY yesterday with regard to the Sunbury Lunatic Asylum was far from being as specific as could be desired. The Chiot feecictary, of com se, lias the llioinlcy report undei Ins "sciioiib " consideiation." ho means to peisoimlly inspect the place, and so the lion gentleman went tlnough the usual ofheial pel foi manee 'lho lnquiici is silenced foi the time by pluusiblo phiaacs. tho scandal is foigotton, and in the end nothing is changed ¡so it has been w ith theso institutions, tuno aftci timo, bot oie, and bo the J3iulia mentaiy moinboisof Ihc'lhoinley boaid may bo assured it will be again, unless thoy pcisucic m well doing and mako it eudont that, having picscnted a îepoit, they intend that it shall bo acted upon Mi B.I-LY spoke with feivour jestuday evening, but then ho ivas equally «arm on tho subject -when ho took olhco in 1877 Ho was as well awaie then as now of tho scandal and abuses of tho nistitu tions, and no doubt ho was as sineeio in his refoim pledges then aa ho is to day Yot all that lio could find time to do was to call tlio picsent Sunbuiy Asylum into cMstcnce, and there the evils of tho asj lums which have been left alone appeal not only to be íepioduced but to bo exaggerated Mr 1-LRRYb fault is that ho does not appear to favour any íadieal chango ile would -imply amend onois in tho piesont system It is undei stood that ho challenges the statement of tho J hoi uley board that many of tho attendants aio social faihues 01 aregiossly incompetent peí sons plat ed in the institution, and kept theie, by political influence excited on their behalf-and nothing is moio notorious than that fact l'ai t of tho Opposition case against Sn Bit. VN O Loam i N was his alleged nitcifeienco with asylum attendants One íadieal oiatoi aftoi anotliei was wont to speak of tho îewaids showeicd upon diunken and disoideily wai deis, and jet oven if the e.Picmioi weiegiultj, it could not bo alleged that ho invented any new system One Mimstei alter another has appointed, and, as a mattei of course, one Mimstei aftei anothei lias listened to the icqucsts and tho appeals of Ins supporters on behalf ol this man and anothei As the men and women did not lequuo to pass any cn ii bcrvicc examination, there was always a nish for bitch situations And yet m no case should more caio have been exuciscd than m the selection of these attendants In Gicat Bi¡tam it is diflicult to pio euro prop« r peibons foi the onirous task Attendants, sajs CONOILY, "aie " generally poisons of small education, " and easily inflated by authonty, they " love to command i athel than to pel " suido, and aio piono to considoi then " patients as poor lost cieatuies, whom " they may di ive about like sheep " If such is tho cxpeiienco in Great Britain, whpro there is a selection, and whcio discipline is maintained, it is painful to imagine tho consequences of emploving the men and women whom politicians send to mind lunatics, because they can obtain no better work lho non restiaint system throws the patient en tirely into the hands of tho keepers Hour after kout, and day after day, the sufferer is at their meicy, and if only that tho public maj havo a gtiai anteo that attendants shall bo care fully selected and piopcily looked after and quickly punished for ill doing, Mi BntiiY ought not to hesitato about pledging himself to a «on political sjstem I ho lunatic asylums should tease to bo a dcpaitinental subdivision undci a pphtician who is incompetent to attend to thom, and who yet 13 supremo Hore, as in Great BntaiD wo should havo commisioners of lunacj Hie public is urobably heartily ashamed of thu existence of tho Sunbury Asjluni, filled as it is with cowering, wi etched, and ill ttcatcd creatures' whoso condition requues that they should ha\o the kindest possible con sidciation of all And it is well to lomeinbot that wo ovvo tho asylum itself to politics. As the colony grows the number of lunatic patients neces- sarily increases. There is a constant demand for additional accommodation, and in order to obtain room Mr. BERRY seized upon the vacant Sun- bury buildings, and huddled the harmless, the imbecile, and the aged patients there without much inquiry as to the suitability of the place for the purpose. But this was not what he was advised to do with this class of sufferers. Since 1876 it lins been uiged upon tho Government, botli by the olheeis of the department and by the picas, that thopropei way to meet tho difficulty is to bouul the haimlcss patients out In successive j ears Dr Pul. was wont to plead that tho building out system is 111 par liai opeiallon hue, that it works sue cessfull), and that it ought to bo ex tended When patients ate approach nig convalescence then cute is greatly piomotcd if they can bo leinoved fiom tho dreary sui 1 oundings and the 11 ntating and anno) ing associations of tho asj lum, and consequently the) are returned to then fitcnds, ptovided that the latter will give certain gtuuantces as to tieat lnenl and will permit omcial inspection Between 200 and Î00 patients aio thus looked nftoi 111 Vic.01 ia, and tho do- pai tment believes that tho sjstem tould bo indefinitely extended if pt) mont could bo made foi tho accommodation rho bulk of tho convalescent patients and those who ha\o finally entered upon the niciiiablo and niibccilo stage eithei ha^c no fi lends, 01 then friends aie unable to suppoit them, but Dr Pvry\ was of opinion that by giving a modoiatc allowance, not to exceed the cost of the patient in the asjlums, ho could find decent, quiet homes for many hundreds of the sufieieis In 1&78 tho inspcctoi gcneial advised Mr Bl KUY as follows - In order to c-fcnd tlio operation of tlio COth section (under which the inspector ¡,mnts leave oí nb_encc for the buiifit of health) to putieiifi bonrded out with »licir re lutiven, 01 fiieiuls, 01 other poisons m un licensed houses upon puyiuent of lived sums for niniiiteiiiuice c .penses, 1 would surest nu addition to cluuse 14, whereby power mi) bo _ivcn to the Chief Secreturj to permit buch leuv e on the leeoiiiincndiition of the inspector, und to lix the rate of nmmtcnim.e in each cuse, supervision to be exercised by the usvlum authorities, assisted hy the police as nt present Tho leading English expeits aro in fa vom of this lefonn finis Di LOCK HAÏT KoBiiusov wntes -"lho im " piovxd ticatiueiit of tho insano lies " in this diieetion-m leinoung them " when possiblo fiom tho weaiy niipri " soiimont ot asylum siuioundiii^s, and r " in placing them amid lho healthier ' " influences of home life " "'Hie tmo " tieatment of the insano," snjs Di MVUDSLK-, "lies in a still fuitlici m " ci ease of then hbeity 'lho chronic " insane, lnemablo and haiinless, "should bo allowed to spend tlio io " mailling days of then sonowftil _)il "gi image amid the pnccless blessmg3 " of home lite " 'llioio is no dilleienco of opinion upon tho subject lieie, and jet wo ha\o tho Suiibuiy uistiti! tion eieatcd and ciowded bcciuse tlio Ministci could not find tuno to mtio duce an amending bill of ope clause 'lho management of oin asylums gencially is sadl) impel feet In tho laige county establishments of England, the lahotuer goes to ins faun woik and tho aitisan to his woikshop Jt is lecogniscd that healthy laboui is the best cuio Piac tically wo havo nothing of tho sort heic, and yet it is haul to blame ollicers whose lccomincndations havo for a decade been pigeonholed and ignored It scorns useless to expect a thoiougli lefonn from Ministeis, but something may bo attain«! il a Mgoious bod) such as the boaul o\ei which Mi N ÏHORNLi Y picsuled can bo induced to continuo its causado against tho political system With a sonso of i oliof the student of tho ov ulonco 0'iv on bLfoio the Education Com mission mines at tho lobust common sense testimoii) of tho Kcv J WATS-OKD Hie othci clciical witnesses mo ¡.ciiumo w lthout doubt but thute is a conscious ness that tliey aie spciikiiy to tho laity uithei than from thom Iho) aro spuciahbts, and they liavo tho common filling of specialists of conBidciny tile point in winch tlioy ino ii teieatcd apart tiom its siiiroiindings Mi M ITSFOBI), liovvovei, has woiked moio outside of tho closet and the pulpit than almost any otliei cloigyimm, and lie takes larger view s vtcoiduyl) AU that lie sa) s about tho diflicultics in tho way of tho state bccoming icsponsiblo foi speedie icli.ious toachiiy and of the comp uativ o easo with winch this mstiaction can bo nu))utod by a livny, active, ¿calons Chustiau chinch, is, it may bo alliimod, picaont m tho minds of tho thoughtful of tlio huty 'lito Chtistian inonlitj is now happily inculcated m o\ci) .eneiilschool book lins tcachny lcipinos to bo sup Dleinontcd by thu details of the Cliiistum cieod, and by tho paiticulaisof tlioBficroil books "But," it is uitod, " if tho state " KOCS so f ti as it can without nsk, vi iy " should not the Chustiau chinches mako " a bona /nie oflott to iindortiiku tho nu " ditional woik befoio suing the it«»'» "foima paujHiii to poifoim it f m WAisi'Oun, m his capicity of supoiin tondent of Wcsloym missions, has usitca ovoiy hamlet ni tho countiy, and now convinced that the churches can do the work, that they cm do it better than can tho state—for what is the use or putting the Bible in the hands of a formalist or a sceptic'—and that they ought to do it As to the argument that the voluntary system would break down m the countiy d.sti.cts, Mi WIT °K>>, speaking with authority, ^BM,bf''X b .gbci." no molo 01 hilo moto d.thctdty , exiting m the country than in tho to"» HoisiiMUiedthatovciywhoiethoiuonma women and the money roquiied could bo obtain, d , and it may be luidcd timt this is not tho case, then »o church is in a foeblo t¡tatt, aw* tho clergy should iddiess thoms. e to lovivmg then flocks, i ^orjT to obtaining succour from a noooMM* secular state lhe luty it >"u'üf seen,, havo moio faith ... tho viourof Christianity than have the picic t« With no saicism, Mr WAJSIOK. remind his brethren tint thoy made littlo nw« their privilèges undei the old de o. national system, but ^.,^«^3 struction was systematically "oçloctcu And, dealing with another point, J» affirms fiom knowlodgo that "lninkin "ism" is not tho product of tho stato Bchools, but wns na ufo undoi lho church iv-tcm ns it is to day Tins testimony rall bo widely reid, mid will piobnbly innko a deep impression It is to bo noted tint tho Ro\ J C SYWNS, who holds thb MOWS of tho Bible League, admits that this policy leads strnght np to tho subsidising of special Bccturinn schools-that is to say, to tho pay ment-by results roinody of Sir Joirs 0'SHA- AS.S. Foui-iN-r-i íelntcs tho stoiy of tho phjsician who treated tho fever, but killed tlio pationt, mid Mr SYMONS ind man) of the othei clonc.il uitness-s would euro tho íoligious difli culb and dcstioytho state school sjstom This is just wheio the laity put compui) from then iihisors_ A conespondent, whoso lottoi was pub lislicd m ?'le An/tu, of Tuosdiy, com plums bittoily of lho mcom enienco stifleiedhj suitorem-hcNo-th Listoindis tiict.ûvvingto tho fact that two of tlio police mi'i-tiatcB, Mt W.m and Mi M COR MICK, aio allowed to îeaido m Melboumo With regard to Mi M'CORMICK, whoso caso seems to bo tho woiso of tho two, it is pointed out that Yiui-iwonga, olio of tho towns which he attends, is 164 miles from Melboumo, wlulo his nearest couit to Melbouine is Euioi, distant 90 miles Om coircBpondcnt continues - Ile (Air ii Cormicl.) lins Ki other courts Klucli he is uppointed to nllcml, mid the. J nvv ilcpiirtment ullnw« lum to li\ the innes lol linldnift these courts His iule is not the necessities < r importance of imj distnct ol town but to hold as nulli} us the pussibilitv of visitnu frcm Melbourne will iiilmit ot mid li t nunibci isvcrj inr short ot the te |Uire minis of many pintes even if be were always punctual und liolidivs and illness did not olti n nilen euc Hut ow 111^ to the enormous dist mecs be liiivcls hull his time at leimt is si tut m ti tins mid convtjunces, he is oflin ill frmi lnli"uc pud exposure and eiinnot mill i up a lapsed court in iin> jmrt ot his (Ililli let. In suppoit of his statement oin corio .pondent si lids us cuttings ti oin the Not th 1 «item J /i .if/.- and Udialla Mandina, which ho says gi\o fin and teinpoiato stntemonts of nu oceuiienco which voij fiequontly happens We find flinn these lopoits that on tho 16th Tul}, when thu Benill t Police Comt was to sit, tlio cletk leeeived i telegi mi fiom Mi M COKMII k intimating his inability, flu ough indisposition, to attend, asking at tho s uno time th it ti bench of local justices might he j,ot logethei, uni that tho molo linpoitiut cases might bo ro nmnded until tho following 'Ihmsday, when ho (Mi M CORMK U) would bo able to attend J'heio wcio 18c isos sef down foi hem tug, 12 of which weio of n minimal lutine In ono ciso (of hoi ses .ealing) boino of tho witnesses had como fiom tho noighhoiiihood of Yniiawongi, a distanco of neailylO nnleo, whilu othel liti_iuits httl como distances varying fiom hvo to 20 miles Aftei i good dell of tiottblc n local justice was obtained who tie lit with tho hoiBcotc ding caso and some othoi3, but tho bulk of the busi ness hid to bo adpurncd until 'Jliuis tlij,to tho gleit inconvenience of lliobti g nits .Tho B} stem iiltogethel is stiongly condemned 'lho JSuialla htumhndB\\)L iks of ah uuof ni dolnj s m tho adiinnisti ition of justice, and declines lb it "tho pitch at " whichthin0s havo imvodis idisgiieoto " thoLiivv doputmeiit ' Mm COA el, is oin "oiiespimdent shows, jiolico nmgistiatcs have lmpoittin. functions to disehaigo besid s ]>iesidin_ m eouit, and giio\ oils loss and injustice, it is stated, ue caused thioii_U the inaccessibility of these oftmals Judging fiom the facts us statod by oui c lucspondont und the hie ii louuiuls, thu mimbi (ants of tho Noi th Baulciu distuct liavu subst intial giounds for lemon ¡ti mee and complaint 'Hie ni ittci is one m which the convenience of tho publie mujt be consulted befóte Hi it of the stipendiât les, and tile Govern nient wo ti list, wdlliy down i piopoi rule and bee tint it is not dcpaitod [HUM UIO fiequcncy of nuning accidents msmg fiom the use of bail 01 mfeiioi mso h is ilti ictcd tile ittcntion of Mi COSMO _MWDI HV, tho in«-pcctoi of oxplo uves, who, m lus îccent lcpoit, vîntes - " iho mining fuso mule at Smdhuist is " of good cv cn ipi tilt), but some of tho "nnpoitcd maten ti is ici y mfeiioi , " simm icccntly used by mo was ici y "bully m ide lins, with thu ieco.it " iccidcnt at Pelitndgo mil tlicgcneiil " coiiipluiut, shows til it bul fuso is now "common Mincis should bo w unod of " tins is tho most careful c innot gimid "iijitnst tho lesults of using bud fuso " when one poitton of tlio coil is found "to be fuilty the whole should be dis ' eUlled" Jn tins quotation wo hue fiom a piofcssioniil oiheei one of the i uises of some 01 tho many nuning acct dents vv o h iv o had to déploie '1 ho qucs tton thon misos wh) tho impoit ition of fuso should not bo suiiounded with safe guilds Bimilai to those which aio adopted ia ic_ud to tile uitioduction of dynamite md othei dangcious explosives i btato preciutions no til.cn m lcgutd to tho iiii])oitatioii of kcioseno, and oven tea liefen o theso aitlclesaio allowed to pass fiom the Customs houso into genoial cou siiiiiption, thoy h iv e lo undeigo oflieinl inspection and îcpoit If fuse woïc -îmilul} tieited, the dangoi aiisingfiom tlio use of b td m itcual would bo îeduced to n iiimmium Ko ollicnl sifeguuds, liowovei couldpiovent fitso fiom dotcuo rating aftei being sold, if tho nuten il weio stoied ni dimpoi iinpiopci jil lees, and thoiefoio, if niinagois ot mines 01 the minus themselves mo enielcss ou tlnso ¡oints, iceidents will continuo to occui in spito of any picuiutions which mit} bo idopted it tho Custom houso It is w 01 thy of îoniaik that m tho gi cal mines of .mciici tho uso of fuso foi blasting pin poses h is been almost eiitiicly ibiindoned m fivoui of elcctueity Tho boles foi blisting puiptses ino dulled »ml tamped as at present, but tho charges ino* oxplodcd by m elcctne "unent fiom a small md inoxponsiv e b-itteiy mventod foi tho jmiposo Tho ftiics le iding fiom tho ehaiges no not tonuected with tho batteiy until tho Mincis hive all leicliod places of safety Hie îiskof nccidont is theiefoio extionicly temóte Jloioovei, it is claimed that tho ¡imultaneous explosion of a îiumbci of boies is fu moie ollectivo than that of a succession of bhests bj fuso Wo under Bullid that a fulldcsetiption of thoelectiic process of blasting m minos, and tho iiii- hincry omplojcd foi tho pulposo m Anieiicin mines, his been obtained by tho Mining dopiitineut If tho piocess is us simplo and safo as it is alleged to bo, it will be well woith wlulo to considei whothei it would not ho wiso, under certain CUCUIIISUIU.CS, to cliscouiago by legisl ition the use of fuso in mines Of couiso, piopei notice of such a chango would have to bo given, and sufficient tuno allow ed tocompinios lo mike then »rangements to meet it In tho m fetests of working minus, wo connnend the suggestion to tho consideration of the Mmistei of Mines At the last general meeting of tho slmioholdcrs m tho Model Loilginghouso Oompui), reference w its mado to the nood of mere iscd accommodation The chun muli said tint tho picsont numbci of onus is totally inadequate to incut 10 quiimmonts, and that many applications for admission havo to beiefused inconse- quence Tile ducctors pioposcd to muk o n»aiIitioiis to thu pieseut building at .1 »st of £2,100, which would hold eighty Ms, b< sides providing ,1 new kitchen »ml drying room Objection was taken «> the scheine on the ground tint the mortgage on tho existingbuddings(£l,250) should bo paid oil befoio moro money is uivosted m bucks and mortal, and that Jt would bo well to iiscertaiu what eflect the now lodginghousos which aro to bo built m tho cistern portion of the city MU havo upon the institution, befoio pro- ceeding with the erection of the proposed *mg Although tiio chairman was of opmion that the shareholder would bo ?»cry much to blamo if they did not ip provo tho suggestion of the ducctors, it was decidod to defer lho question of increased accommodation until tho noxt g-noral mooting. Wo think that in thus refusing to onlargo thoir property until it is froo from all encumbrances, tho shareholders havo acted with a shortsighted caution, which we should not havo expected to find in businoss men, Tho £1,250 remaining unpaid is Bitch a trifling liability that it is not ( worth consideration ; and it would still bo but a moro bngatello if increased by tho sum needed for tho necessary ox toiiBions.' Wo do not, liovvover, think with the chairman, that tho refusal to onlargo looks as if they wore moro anxious to jmt " money into thoir pockets " than lo benefit their fellow-mon." Judging by tho balanco-sheot, thoir con duet is tantamount to tho rojootion of a pi-oiitablo investment. Tho profit and loss account for tho last half-year shows a ^credit hillanco of £465, which enabled tho directors to pay a dividend at the rato of 10 per cent, per annum, to add £175 to tho i .Borve fund, and to cany a balance j forward. As Mr. J. BLYTH jiointcd out, it is almost a coitainty that tho 80 addi- tional buds would bo filled, and that tho money spent in providing them would bring in a handsomo return. Tho ex- perience of tho comjiany shows that money may bo profitably used in provid- ing shelter for tho homeless, and as thoso who essayed tho experiment soom un- willing to keep paco with tho growing requirements of tho city, other capitalists may find it worth their while to dovoto a poition of thoir means to a work which lias tho m'orit of combining charity with profit. A short time ago we published a tele- gram from our London correspondent, stating that SIR JULIUS VOGEL was engaged in forming a company to undertake the work of providing additional cable com- munication between Australia and Europe. It was indicated that he had secured from the Government of Western Austiaba the light to lay cables fiom Nickol Bay, on tho noi th coast of Western Australia, to Go} Ion and Singapoie, tho cost being CBtlm.itcd at about £1,000,000 This Bchomo is ono which Su JULIUS VOQH bl ought foi u aid 1 ist ye u dilling his visit to these colonie i, but nomo initial dilhcul ties, now happily overcome, dclii}cd foi a time a successful issue to tho negotiations In the communication iddiessed m August last to tho Colonial Secietiuy of Western AuBtiiliii, bn Icnus VofiL applied foi tho exclusivo light dm ing a temi of 21 yoai s to lay one oi moiocabloB fiom soino point on tho coast of Western -ustnha to India, Coylon, oi tho Mauiitius, viso foi tho light to Hy cables on mteimediato islands subject to tho eontiol of Western Australia, and to tiniisimt mess igcs over tho Western Ans triilinn land lines at existing i_.es, plus ono poiiny pel woid On his pait, hu undei took to comiuonco opci itions w ltlun tinco j o ns, and to completo tho la} ing of lho ciblo within ino 'lho Government of Western Austi illa givo a fivouiablo attention to tho pioposal, but beforo tho monopoly lequucd could bo sanctioned, it was necessity lo consult tho local I egislatmo and the Vcictaiy of Stato for the Colonies When tho subject waa discussed in tho Logislativo Coun eil of Western Austi ah i last mouth, soino sut pi iso and annoyance weio o_ piessed at fho ofioi not having boon communicated to the Lcgislatuio at an eailiei dito .Su Win i tv I.omi.so\ ippeai s to liai o beon of ox>mion that the exclusivo light asked foi w is a point to bo lcscivcd for tho considciation of tho Impel ni authonties alone, inasmuch as the lands of the colony aio still vested exclusively in the down, ind this lguonng of the local Legis|a luto wes lobontod by sevotal mein bus of tho Council Loid DJ-UD\, how ovci, held that befoio Hie question could even be taken into coiiatdei ition by the Home Gov eminent, the niattei must bo full/ discussed m the Legislative Council of Western Australi i, and in a telegraphic mcbsagc, dated Juno 20, ho stated th it the qucitiou h id boon loft to tho Council, subject to the condition that if a new doloii) woio sepalated horn Western Ans ti iii i, tho concession hhall not bind tho colony wherein tho cible is not situate 1 uitliei txplinations wcro given by the Colonnl Seeictii) thal tho onginalno gotntions weio, by tho desuo of hu Junuh Votir, icgaidcd as conhdontml, as ho wished, befoio tho pioject w is publicl) discussed, to eoinmunieato with cipitalisl- at home, in mdei to seo how fin lhe scheine was likely to meet with suppoi t 1 ho feeling of jealousy having been thus assuaged, tho Council gave lo the gcncial pioposds a uninimous isseut His lonas being thus acceded to, feu JULIUS Vom i has been cn com iged to pioccctl with his piojoct without fuithei delay Any incieisoiii the me ins uf ducct coimnunic ition with üiuopo must bo of advantage to Austialia as a whole, mel the caslciu colonies will eoidtally join with then western sister m congiatulations ou tho woik having been undei taken Letters fiom Captain Armit, oui special coiicspondent m New Guinea, have reached us by the steamer Wlmmpoie Cnptam Ai mttt, we leam, vv as detained 10 dajs atThurs day Island nailing for a vessel, and had a storm) passage to Port Moiesby, which he leached with lnspaitj all well on 11th Tuly Ile quickly completed Ins oigumsntion, and leltto establish nu inland depot within .8 hours Particulars of his movements, com mu n len ted by a correspondent, appear in the Cooktown Jftrald, August ., ns fol- lows -"Armitarrived on thclltb Helms formed a camp and depût on the finthest side of the Astrolabe Hange, and his boaters had, when 1 left, made three tups, two men carrj about 801b weight Mr Irving, his second in commnnd, wns, when I left, on the point of starting for the depOt, and leav es the third member of the party m charge at Port Morcsbj Upon In mg's anivnl at the depot, Armit intends to commence a Benes of Bhort c-ploinig trips with a view of finding the most eligible loute by which to cross thegrtatOwen Stnnlej Kange and getonto the enst const His rolntions with the natives nie veiy sutisfactorj, und the bearers nppe ir contented and vv lllmg " lu addition, vie ninj stale that Cnptam Armit writes in excellent spirits ns to his prospects, and that he has much to sn> of the fertility of tho soil and of the good behaviom of the natives, of whose ctipacits and chnraeter he has formed a high opinion Theie is much new and interesting mnttei in the narrative, a first instalment of which will appear in our issue of bntinday next ( According to our London messages this morning a report lina been received by the Irish Katioiial League respecting the mission of the licdmond Hrothers to these colonies. They repoit that the archbishops of Sydney and Melbourne were hostile to them, but that the bishops of Maitland and Goulburn were favouiable. They state that Mr. Tierny Cope- land, the late Minister of Public Works for New South Wales, was compelled to retire f i om the Cabinet f orexpressing sympathy with the cause they were advocating. This state- ment is altogether untrue. It will be remembered that Mr. Copeland was forced to resign in coiiseriucnce of the extra oidinary speech made by him at the banquet held in-Sydney, on the 17th Mai ch, to celebrate St. l'atrick's Day. The speech caused much disturbance, and Mr. Copeland was at length compelled to resume his seat. Ilia resignation became necessary, not on account of his expressions of sympathy with the ltedmond mission, but because of the condition in which he appeared lend the man- ner iii which he conducted himself at the banquet. ___ The. Legislative Council devotod the whole of a long aitting.yesterday to the considera- tion in committee of the Local Government Act Amendment UilL Alter the remain portion of the measure had been dealt with, the Minister of Justice moved number of new clauses which had been recommended by the representatives of the Municipal Association and Mr Gillies. These clauses provide, amongst other things, that extraordinary vacancies iii "a council occurring within two months t-efore any annual election, shall not be filled up before such election : im- pose a penalty on evasions of. the Act of 187. by the employment of unqualified persons as surveyors and engineers ¡ provide that municipal auditors' shall be appointed by the Governor in Council from lists submitted (by councils ; authorise councils to re-pur- chase their debentures ; alter clause 494 of the Act of 187-1, so its to provide that agricultural and other statistics shallbe sent to the Go- vernment Statist on or before March 10 in each j ear, instead of March 3L These clauses were all passed ; but there was a long discussion on the provisions us to auditors, some members contending that the ratepayers ought still to be allowed to elect them. On tile motion of Mr. Hoss a new clause was adopted, providing that at municipal elections nomination papers shall be lodged at the oflice of the council. A new clause, providing that in municipal valua- tions unimproved property shall be com- puted us of the annunl vulue of ß per cent upon the fair capital value of the fee simple was proposed by Mr. Robertson, and almost unanimously rejected. Some other new clauses, of which notice has been given, re- main to be considered. The House ad- journed until Tuesday. The Legislative Council was enlivened yes- terday by a verbal encounter which took place between Messrs. Melville and Ham while the Local GovernmentAct Amendment Hill was being considered in committee. A new clause liad been proposed which provided that, for rating purposes, unimproved lands should be assessed at tho annual value of 5 per cent, upon the fair capital value of the fee simple. Mr. Hum opposed the clause, contending that if it was adopted municipalities would not be able to sufficiently tax unimproved holdings, and he dwelt in rather glowing terms on the great value of some waste suburban lands; and the small amount of rates contri- buted by the owners. Thereupon Mr. Melville rather cynically expressed some doubts as to whether the value of the lands referred to was as great as Mr. Ham repre- sented it to be, and also aB to the bom-fides of some of the auction sales of suburban lands. He hinted that, although grout auc- tioneers like Messrs. C. J. and T. Ham fre- quently sold such lands at auction on Satur- day afternoons, tho purchasers could not always bo found by the rate collectors. Mr. Ham, with Bome warmth, replied that whenever his firm sold land they alwo.s furnished the municipal authorities con- cerned with the names of the purchasers. All the members, except Mr. Ham, seemed to be intensely amused by the episode. The time allotted to Government business in the Assembly yesterday was devoted to the further consideration of the estimates. The Crown Landa department was disposed of. The principal suggestion made in discussion was that the salary of the Secretary of Luuds should be increased. Mr. W. Madden snid that the piesent payment, £800 per annum, is inadequate for the duties perfoimed, and his intention, if he had remained in office, wns to make a promotion. Mr. Tucker is to consider ns to the propriety of taking this course. In the Public Woiks ilepnitni.nl, some important votes were adopted, including the Yan Yean division, but bon. members failed to struggle through the item of wharves and jetties. Explana- tions vveieiequired about each proposal, and Mr. Bowman, Mr. lient, and other members complained that Queenscliff, Geelong, and Sorrento are ben.}, unduly favoured Mr lient and Mr Kerferd grew warm upon the subject Mr lient declared that the i-bOO sheet paling public pailt Sorrento îstoim prove the pioperties of theAttornej General and the Minister of Justice Mi Kerferd yivc a Hat denial to the allegatioi and alluded to the Kensington hill .ob wheieupon Mr lient pitched m shot and shell described the vote as a (.ross .ob while Kensington lull is a work so "rand that the Attornej General has not bunns to hii__est it Mr Mackay washeaid at length m support of his contention that money is 1 eilig fooled avvii> ut the St Kilda pier for the extension of which £4 000 is askc I Ministers fou-ht their way down to item 10, the Quecnselill jetty, when 0 ocloclv arnved and pronress had to be reported Dating the discussion of the Judicature ' Hill Mr Kel ford c,a\e a promise to introduce a measure giving eil cet to the Ln.lish sjstem of allowiii- a client to contract with a solicitor to do a p irticular woik for a fixed sum Lhe Attorney General brought in the meusuie yesteiduy It waa warmly welcomed 1 y lion meinbeis but the House is just now nure au_ry with birnsteis than with solicitors and a do/en representatives were their legs pleading that couiibel should be taken in baud also and not be allow eil any longer "to obtain money under false pictcnees by accept mg briefs and not appearing in court Mi Kerferd endeavoured to avert the general wrath bj soft answers but there weie many declarations that the barristers will be reel oned with in committee Mr Grav es pointed out that the desired object could be obtained by providing that solicitors bindi not be allowed to charge barristers fees unless the work and labour has been i erformed Hie Attornejs and Solicitors Hill was duly brought in and read a fiist time. The Government have finally determined to remove the Melbourne Goal. This an- nouncement was made in the Assembly jesterday in reply to a motion by Mr. Coppin in favour of this course. Mr. Berry said, however, that it was more easy to come to tile decision Ihun to carry it out, inasmuch us it was indispensable that there should be u gaol of some bortmuch nearer to Melbourne than Pentridge for the reception of prisoners on remand and men confined for a few days, and he is now in communication with the inspector-general on the subject. The state- ment did not give general satisfaction. Sir Charles MacMahon, in particular, de- clared that ull great cities have great gaols in their midst, and that this provision is neces- sity for the public safety. The gaol, he avers, costa quarter of a million of money ; it is one of the finest gaols in the world, and it ought not to be sacrificed to a fad. A great difierenco of opinion was manifested as to the value of the site. Mr. Coppin named t'10,000, Mr. M'Lellan declared that over í'_-P,000 would be realised, and Sir Charles MacMahon thinks that only a " nominal figure" would be obtuined for the main por- tion of the allotment. The Ministry finally promised, at the instance of Mr. M'Intyre, to lay all possible information on tho subject before the House prior to taking action in the matter. The recent report of the Sunbury Lunatic Asylum Board waa brought under the notice of the Government by Mr. Wrixon yesterday. Mr. Berry says that he has the document under his serious attention, and he is also having aprCcia of the evidence prepared. He intends shortly to visit Sunbury and to judge for himself. In the meantime he has ordered various improvements to be made, and he is considering the advisability of introducing a bill to authorise the boarding out of harmless lunatics. The dinner to be given by the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly has been fixed for Monday, the 27th instant. 'In yesterday's paragraph announcing the coming event, the vvoid "week" was omitted after the word " Monday." The list of invitations includes the heads of the public depaitments, us well as the members and ollicers of the House. Mr. Coppin hail an oppoitunity of proceed- ing in committee with his Homesteads Bill in the Assembly yesterdaj'. The object of this measure is to enable any solvent person to set apart freehold property to the extent of £1,000, this property being then exempt from seizure by creditors in the event of insolvency, but to pass after death to the widow und family of the owner. The lion, member biiiil that he had consulted the Lands Titles office, and hud received many valuable suggestions as to machinery details, which be would incorporate in the measure. Mr. M. H. Davies and other members expressed some doubts as to whether Huttieient precautions had been taken to pre- vent dishonest persons using the bill to de- fraud their creditors, but Mr. Coppin pro- fessed himself anxious to meet the views of these critics. The measure, according to Mr. Coppin, is in force in neuily all the states of America, and it works admirably there. It enables a man who has put up a house through a building society to make that pro- perty secure. Amendments were made in Cluuse 2 requiring persons before registering 'to declare that they were in solvent oircum ?stances over and aliove the value of the pro- perty to lie registered, and also providing for the advertising of their application under the I .direction o( the registrar. After the clause had been passed, progress vías reported. , The Premier, in reply to Major Smith, gave the Assembly yesterday particulars ns to the number of Imperial oflicers with whom five years' engagements have been effected. In addition to these officers, 513 ollicers and non-commissioned oflicers will have to be, selected from the local naval and lund forces. The Public Library vote will be taken the first Wednesday after the general estimates f have been disposed of, and the defence vote will be submitted for discussion next'in order. ' , i The proposal to discontinue the present | practice of making Balaclava ] a terminus station for à large number of the general pas- senger 'trains on the Brighton line, which is now under the consideration of the Commis- sioner of Hallways, will, if carried out, involve somewhat extensive alterations in the south'suburban arrangements. At pre- , sent there are 48 trains which go no further | than Balaclava daily, and 33 additional ones which go right through to ' Brighton. The proposal in question would necessitate the whola 81 trains being run through from Flinders-street to Brighton daily. It is not likely that Mr. Gillies will consent to the chango being made, but as further passenger accommodation is said to be needed beyond Balaclava, it is possible that from lu to 20 additional through trains will be run during the busy hours of the day. ' The architect's branch of the Education department will shoitly be transferred to the I'ublic Works department, the arrangements for the change having been almost com- pleted. Mr. liastow, the present head of the branch, will retain his position, and for the future will be known as the officer in chaige of education buildings under' the Public Works department. A saving will be effected by the alteration, as the inspectors of public works will be uble to perform all the duties now discharged by inspectors of works in the Uducation department, and it will also be of advantage to have the erection of all public buildings under the direction of one depart- ment. The change was recommended some months ago in a progresa report by the Edu- cation commission. The li lections and Qualifications Committee sat again yesterday to hear the petition of Mr. 0. Ii. Jones against the return to the Assembly for Ballarat West of Mr. G. It. lyneham. The personation cases charged in the petition were taken up from the previous sitting. The committee decided that they could not accept the vote'of Kichurd Wil- liams íefused hythe returning officer because some other Williams had voted for that number (3,837). The next allegation was that a paper of John Gibb's had been improperly rejected in the count by a deputy returning officer, who had inadvertently allowed a J. C. Gibb to vote for that number (1,335). The committee hold with the peti tioneron this, but when 1,335paper, which had been set aside, was opened by the committee, it was found, amidst loud laughter, that the elector hud voted both for Mr. Fincham and Mr. Jones. Another personation case having been abandoned the list of the petitioner was exhausted, save as regarded the cases of Messrs Bailey and Swilt, Who had voted m the booth where they had oflieiated as deputy letuining officer and poll clerk respcctivelj Their names vv ere not on the roll for that division, but ior another part of the elcc torate the committee decided that their votes should remain Mr. A G M'Intyre urged that tis by a v ote giv en to petitioner the previous daj the latter had polled one more than Mr 1 inebam, the casting vote of the íeturnnig officer should be struck out The committee, however, decided on hearing Mr l'mehums lebuttmg ease before dealing with that point, and the proceedings weie then udjourned to Tuesday week. 'Ibu board appointed to i inquire into the charges preferred igani-t Mr Terres, Government punter, held their lirst sitting jesteidii} All the members were present, Mr Campbell, M L C , being chairman It wns resolved that the inquiry should be con ducted in private Hie board will begin to tuite evidence next 'luesday Bishop Moorhouse delivered the third of las current couise of lectures on the Apoca ljpse jesterdity afternoon in St Paul's pro cathedral, which was filled to its utmost capacita 'Hie peroration-had special rofe leuce to the activity of the anarchical ele nient, in all parts of ..mope at the present time Hussite, 1 .ance, Spam, Prussia, and lieluiid, weie severally alluded to, and the anarchical organisations of each described An incidental allusion was made to the action of the secularists of Melbourne in sending home a vote of B.mputhy with the London freethinkers who are now serving a sentence of imprisonment for issuing a blas phemous publication '1 be tifth of a course of lectures on ancient art, by Mr Stephen thompson, will be read bj Professor Strong lins evening, in the lee turo theatie of the Industrial Museum 'Hie subject of the lecture is " Greek Art : The Age of Pericles." The team which will represent New South M'ules in the intercolonial football match, under the British Association rules, arrived last night by the 10 o'clock train. At yesteiday's meeting ' of the Calcutta Exhibition commissioners, it was decided that Mr. James Thomson, secretary, Bhould leave in charge of all the Victorian exhibits by the P. and 0. Company's steamer Assam on Tuesday, the 11th September. Tho presi- dent, Mr. J. liosisto, M.L.A, intimated his intention of proceeding to India a month later. The collection of ferns and some of the heavier class of exhibits will be shipped by a Bteamer proceeding direct to Calcutta in about 10 duj-s' time, hut Mr. Thomson will have about 200 tons under his charge, in- cluding all the fine art exhibits, the wines, food products, nnd Government collections, numbering in the aggregate nearly 2,000 packages. The annual meeting of the Viotorian branch of the British Medical Association was held at the Maison Dorée last evening, under the presidency of Mr. Hudall. In the absence of the president (Dr. M'Millan) from the colony, the customary presidential address was de- livered by Dr. Neild. It incidentally referred to the proposal to alter the mode of electing the medical stat! of the 'Melbourne Hos- pital, and stated that the recent emphatic refusal of the subscribers to surrender their supposed right of directly electing the physi- cians and surgeons, would appear to be a conclusive indication that the proposition to tiansfer this function to a limited electoral body was not agreeable to them. Dr. Neild was applauded when he remarked that it waa j not far from the purpose to say that the subscribers to un hospital are not the I most competent judges of the eligibility of | the candidates for the medical offices. The circumstances under which Mr. Gillbee's connexion with the hospital .was. severed | were glanced at, and the action of the Medical Board in refusing to register the Rev. It. V. Dunne was cordially approved. An ] opinion was expressed that the medical profession should be prepared to aid, the Legislature in passing into law the proposed amendment of,the Heath Act. As soon as the measure was placed before the public it was intended to convene special meetings of the association to carefully consider its pro- visions. Dr. Graham wns.chosen as president for the ensuing year., The action of Klemmer v. The Colonial Bank ] was concluded in the Supreme Court yestcr 'duy, before Mr. Justice Higinbothum and a jury of six. Theplaintiff sued the.de/endants for dishonouring a bill of his for £1!)G. He alleged that he had been promised au over- draft to the amount of £1,000, and that when itjamountcd to only £404 the bunk dishonoured the bill. The defence wns thut the overdraft was to be only for £000, and therefore that the bank hud the right to refuse to pay the bill. The jury gave a verdict for the plointifl for £150. In tho Supreme Court yesterday, before the Chief Justice and a juiy of 12, tha action of Steel v. The Hoard of Land and Works was continued. The pluintitT, who is a tanner at North Melbourne, sued the defendants for damage he sustained to his tannery by two Hoods which took place, one in September, I860, and the other in December, 1882. It is alleged that owing to the drainage works at the West Melbourne Swamp, and the construction of a bridge over Arden-street, the waterway of the Moonee Ponds Creek has been so diminished that when the floods took place the waters of the creek were dammed back so as to overllovv into the plaintiffs premises and do the injury complained of. It is contended for the defendants that the damming back of the water was caused prin- cipally, if not entirely, by the construction of an embankment on the Macaulay-road. The jury yesterday afternoon went to inspect the locality, and this morning they will deliberate on their verdict ' The Shire of Oakleigh was sued in the Supreme Court yesterdny, before the Chief Justice and a jury.of 12, by.Mr. Alexander Wilson, a market-gardener residing near Mulgrave, for damages for injuries he sus- tained by the defendants allowing a culvert on the Anderson's Creek road .-to fall into disrepair. On the evening of the 24th March last the plaintiir was returning from Prahran to his residence, when, as is alleged, owing to. j a defect in the culvert on theroud, his cart | was capsized, and he received severe injuries, from which he has not yet recovered, The | case will bo continued this morning. Owing to all the court-houses at the Su- preme Court being occupied fpr criminal or common law business, the usual Thursday business inequity will to- day be taken before Mr. Justice Holroyd in his chambers. Mr. W. Woolf, the secretary of the Turn j Verein Society, who was assaulted in so cowardly a manner at the Exhibition-building on Tuesday morning, is progressing favour- ably. He is under the care of Mr. T. N. Fitzgerald. , His eye is not injured, although it isieared that the wound under itvvill leave a deep sear. One of his assailants has been arrested. The steamer Williams will raako a second trip to the wreck of the George Roper on 'Sunday next She will leave the Sandridge railway pier at 11 a.m. The goods train from Warragul, on, the Gipps Land rail way, which should have ar- rived at Melbourne last night at 11.35, was prev ented from continuing its journey by a tire of the engine-tender becoming loose, and had to be shunted into a siding at Drouin. An engine was despatched from Melbourne, and the train would be brought on early this morning. The Williamstown and Sandridge steam punt, which was recently docked for repairs, was launched from White's yard yesterday afternoon, and towed down to the ferry. Traffic across the river by this conveyance will probably be resumed to-morrow. A donation service in'aid of the building of the new Gospel Mission Hall, in Little Bourke-street west, was held iii the Town hall on Tuesday night There wus a moderate attendance. Mr. C. J. Hum occupied the chair. Dr. Rose, M.L.A.,und the Revs. It. Scott, E. I. Walkin, and D. Jones, delivered addresses on the subject of "Mission Work." Mr. David Lee presided at the organ, and Mr. Exon und Mrs. Ramsden sung Beveral sacred songs. The Maryborough and Dunolly Advertiser records a very meritorious act performed by Engine-driver M'Lellan on Thursday morning. As his train trom St. Arnaud to Maryborough was passing between Bealiba and Golds- borough, the engine-driver observed a child on the line at a distance of about 250 yards. He immediately put down his own brake and whistled " brakes down " to the guard, with the íesult tliut the engine was quickly slowed, but on account of the morn- ing being foggy and the rails consequently greasy, the ground being also level ut the place, the train could not be stopped BO quickly as desired. As tile tiam -lowly ap- proached the spot where the child wus stand- ing between the rails the driver found that the wheels were " skidding," and that in spite of the full brake power applied it would reach the little one. He therefore quickly told hisiire rnan to look to the engine, and, jumping off, ian forward and picked the child olï the track-a trille roughlj-, perhaps- before the engine came up. The little one prov ed to be a child of only two years old, belonging to a person who resides close to the railway fence. It had evidently crept through the fence nnd strayed on to the line, and not being nvvare of any danger, made no effort to escape when the train approached. The child was at once restoied to its parents by Mr. M'Lellun. There was a considerable amount of excite- ment amongst the passengers, as owing to the steam al lowed to escape in reversing and other- wise endeavouring to stop the train quickly the incident was not witnessed by manj-, and therefore there was a general disposition lo leave the train as it stopped. A signal from J the driver, however, allajed the alarm, and none of the passengers got out On arriving tit the Dunolly station several gentlemen who were passengers complimented the engine driver on his action. This is the third life saved by Engine-driver M'Lcllan in a similar manner, A curious case of insolvency is mentioned by the Maruborowjh Admrthcr, August 13. " InNovctuber, 1871, abuilderthenresidentat Chinaman's Flat, of the name of Charles Nott, filed his schedule in the local couit of insolvency. The debts of the insolvent were recorded in his schedule as amounting to £G38 11s., und the assets £G9 6s., leaving a deficiency of £500 5s. But us the bulk of the assets consisted of book debts nothing could be realised out of them for the creditors. Shortly after his insolvency Nott left China- man's Flat, and established himself in business at Prahran as a contractor and builder. One j of his contracts was for a gentleman's mansion ' in one of the fashionable suburbs of Mel- bourne, and when the contract was com- pleted, a dispute aiose between tire owner and Nott as to the value charged by Nott j for extra work, and as Nott could not ob- I tain payinc.it he took legal proceedings against the owner. Meanwhile the owner had his attention directed to the fact that j Nott was an uncertificuted insolvent, and, as a means of self-defence, he applied to the assignee to interfere and oppose Nott's action against him. After mature consideration, the assignee did interfere, but only in such a way as to bring some substantial benefit to the estate. Although offered terms favourable to the estate, he positively refused to part with his interest in Nott's right of action against the owner to that gentleman, so us to.enable him to circumvent Nott, and escape from his lia- bility to him. But he took ad- intage of the peculiar position of affairs to extract some- thing substantial out of Nott for the benefit of his creditors. And, as the result of the exertions of the assignee, a dividend of 11s. 5d. in the £ has been paid to the creditors, after they had waited for nearly nine years, and when they had abandoned all hope of ever receiving a farthing." The Perth Inquirer, August 1, states that measles are still prevalent at Albany, but the malady is not in a very virulent form. The two deaths which have occurred up to the present time aie said to have resulted moie from ufter-incautiousness than from the disease itself. By whom or when the complaint was introduced is not positively known. Two or thiee young men who boarded one of the P. and 0. ateamers while she lay in harbour last month have all been attacked with it, yet there was no sickness on board, as far as waa then known, nor has there been any subsequently, as far as we have heard. The Pekin Gazette contains the following account of a Chinese tragedy :-" Wu Kao A/U'A was,the second wife of Wu Chin-li, who died without issue in 1870. His cousin, Wu Hsiang, hoped to 'succeed to his property ; but Wu Kao ihih boie a pos- thumous sou to Wu Chin-li. She got Wu Hailing a wife and the three lived together, till Wu Kuo nhill formed an illicit con-,, nexion with Wu Ching-}u, tier cousin's hus- band, who assisted her to manage her affairs. Un the night of the 11th October, 1882, Wu Hsiong and his two brothers, learning that Wu Ching-yii was in Wu Kao ehih's house, made their wny hito the courtyard. Wu Ching-yu, supposing they were robbers, rushed out with drawn sword, and was met with tlucats and blows. After a short struggle he succeeded in mortally vvound ; all three assailants. Wu Hsiang's wife, finding that he did not return, induced another cousin of Wu Chin-Ii'sto go in search oi the brothers ; but he, too, was slain by Wu Ching-yii. Wu Koo shilt vva3 too much ter .rilied to cry out, us was a labourer who saw the affray through a cruck in the door of the court-yard. The relatives of the deceased re- ported the murders, an inquest was held, and the facts have been clearly proved at the trial held in the provincial capital. Wu Ching-yu has been executed by the ling ch'ih process, and his property given to the families of the murdered men. His wife is banished for life to n penal settlement on the near frontier. His daughter, who was betrothed to Wu Kao shih's son before their parents formed an unlawful connexion, escapes punishment. Wu Kuo shih is sentenced to one month in the canguc and 100 blows, but is allowed to ransom herself. The labourer, who witnessed the crime, is not punished for his silence on account of the sudden and terrible nature of the occurrence." The following description of the interior of the Vunderbilt "palace" is given by Mr. S. S. W. Benjamin in the Magasine of Art : " The dravvingroom is nearly square. It pre- sents what might bo called a harmony in crimson and gold. The walls are hung with 'figured velvet of pale crimson, which in certain lights assumes the effect of peach blossom. The carpet is.of the same hue. < The vaulted ceiling, which is in palo azure, picked out with gold, with figured gold in the groinings, is united to the walla by a noble cornice of curved wood, covered with gold and palo metallic green gilding on a, ground of mother of-pearl. Over each of the three massive gold-encrusted doors arc cherubs, and on either hand of each door-post stands a pillar of onyx, jewel inlaid, supporting a gilded sphere which encloses a cluster of lights. The abruptness of the angles is modified by an arrangement consisting .of pedestals sup-, porting female figures, one.-thirdthesizeof life, in solid uiver. In either graceful hand these royal maidens sustain a spear with a circlet 'of jewelled metal attached, behind which is a diadem of lights, while in rear of each are mirrors of burnished crystal. The west entrance is flanked by two cabinets by Bar búdieivne, inlaid with iridescent mother-of pearl, und bearing five Limoges enamels by Suyer. A superb gilded table (carved in New York) stands near the southern end ; the top is of the same exquisite material as the cabinets. The seats of the Louis Seize chairs are covered with costly Chinese embroideries. A cloisonné cabinet by Barbédienne, one of the finest pieces produced in Europe, and other nolile oly'efs d'art, contribute to the magnificence of this dravvingrooin-the hand- somest in all America. When the lights are burning its splendour is altin to the gorgeous dreams of oriental fancy ; and yet with all this dazzling opulence there is no hint of tavvdriness." Writing recently in a London paper, a cricket critic says :-" When I saw IS. M. Grace at Lord's and the Oval I thought him as lively and juvenile us ever, and he has just given evidence of this being the case by com- piling a big score of 213 in a club match at Gloucestershire. One thing in connexion with the Gloucestershire Eleven is indisput- ably brought to light whenever 'it plays, and that is the still growing popu- larity of the Graces with the general public. During the course of the sea- son we are frequently treated to dis- paraging remarks about these gentlemen, which, if worthy the trouble of the Bcarch, would, on investigation, be found to emanate from someone afflicted with personal spite, or else with a desire to attract notice by fair means or foul. At Lord's last week, even amongst mich fine bats as the Middlesex Eleven possessed, W. G. Grace stood out quite alone. Directly he comes to the wickets a new life seems to be infused into the game. Who does not remember (for every one was there) the brilliant beginning of that fatal second innings of -England v. Australia last j-cur, when W. G. and Hornby stole runs as merrily us though they were playing 'tip and run ' at school. And (this to slow music) who does not remember the funeral change ?which carne over the scene, and how men walked to the wickets Uko boys about to bo whipped? When the Grace family are on the scene the public are sure to see cricket played with nil the energy that can be put into it This the public gratefully recog- nises." At the Opera-house last night, "Un Bailo in Maschera" was played again, and in such good manner that special mention is due to Signora Graziosi, Signor Verdi, and Miss Murtina Siinonscn for the admirable manner in which they performed the ivies of Adelia, Renato, and Edgar respectively. Signor Sbiiscia showed how well an experienced singer could adapt himself to the trying cir sumstance of having to sing an exacting part when inconvenienced by a voice that was blightly relaxed. Ile did this so artistically, and with such consideration for tho audi- ence, that he deserves in this one instance quite as hearty praise ¡is if he had been in splendid condition, and hud mude quite a brilliant vocal BUCCCSS. " Un Bailo in Maschera," as it is given by this company, is fully worthy of public patronage. It will be played to-night for the last time. On Fiiday night the Opera-house is engaged for a benefit performance by the Melbourne Comedy Club in aid of the Royal Humane Society of Australasia, at which His Excellency the Governor will be piesent. On Saturday night the Italian Opera Company produce " II Trovatore." The pleasing opera, "Les Cloches de Corne ville," was repeated last night in the Princess's Theatre in the presence of a large audience. It wi.l be played once more to- night, and finally to-morrow night, when the seuson with the present company comes to an end. On Saturday night Miss Emelie Melville commences management at this theatre with the production of " The Little Duke." Mr. Guenett's programme for the Mel- bourne Popular Concert, which takes place this afternoon in the Melbourne Athenajum, is of a highly attractive kind, consisting of ¡ the Mendelssohn quartet in E flat; the "Variations Sérieuses," Op. 35, of Men- delssohn, to be played by Herr Max Vogrich, and the celebrated " Ghost Trio," D major, up. 70, of Beethoven. Miss Alice Hees will sing Schubert's "Ave Maria," with accom- paniment arranged as quartet by . Herr | (Vogrich ¡ and also Ueethoven's song, " With a Painted Iiibbon." The city organist will perform the follow- ing selection on the grand organ this after- noon at 4 o'clock:-Overture, "La Gazza Ladra," Itossini ; gavotte, "Heimliche Liebe " (True Love) (by request), Hesch ; selec- tion, "Lieder ohne Worte" (songs without words), Mendelssohn ; march, "Aux Flam- beaux" (by request), Clark ; oratorio selection, "Judas Maccubams," Handel-viz., (a) air, "Sound an ularm," (i) chorus, "We hour we hear :" finale. National Anthem. A splendid display of swordsmanship was witnessed at the Atlicnoum last night, in a match between Professor Miller, the well known Australian athlete, and Mons. Victor, a French swordsman. The contest wus with light foils, for a stake of £100, Miller con- ceding his opponent 10 points in 21. At first there was very little difference between the two men, but very soon Miller, who used his foil in a cool, calculating way, and seldom missed a chance, began to assert his superiority, and scored us many as half-a dozen points in succession. Victor wus ex- citable, and tried to force matters from the outset to his own evident disadvantage. The match, which occupied over an hour, was finally won by Miller, who scored 21 robita to Victor's 7, and proved himself a splendid swordsman. Both men showed great activity and determination,'and Miller,'at the finish, was loudly cheered. Mr. G. A. Walstub actcd as referee, and filled the position satis- factorily. , The new' programme now being performed by the Federal-Minstrels at the Victoria-hall is drawing good houses. Owing to the indis- position of Mr.1 Alfred Lawton, bis part of -Mr. Blinks, in the laughable farce of "The Banker's Daughter," was taken by Mr. Horace Bent last evening. The Hawthorn and Kew Harmonic Society give their tenth subscription concert to- night in the town-hull, Hawthorn, when the enntutn "The Hose Maiden," by F. H. Cowell, will be performed by the society, conducted by Herr Elsiisaer, supported by on orchestra of 20 performers. In the evidence given .by'the Eev. John Watsford before the Education Commission on Tuesday, he mentioned that" in the Cam- bridge street .state school -a Sabbath evening class is very successfully carried on." 'He ia reported to have answered, in reply to Mr. Archer, that.it was conducted by a state school teacher, whereas his answer was thatv it was conducted in a state school. The work is carried on under the direction ofsomo members of the Y.M.C.A. We are requested to draw attention to the1 advertisement of the closing of the Theo- logical-hall at Ormond College on Friday, at 4 o'clock, by the Uev. Dr. Mercer, Moderator of ttie General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church. At 3 o'clock a lecture is to be given ki the class of Sj'stematic Theology by the Uev. A. J. Campbell, which will be also open to the public. It is intimated by advertisement that the first of a series of lectures on medical sub- jects to men only will be given by Dr. Steele, ? of Toorak, at the Young Men's Christian, Association Hall to-night at 8 o'clock. We have been requested by the general secretary of the Y.M.C.A., to call attention .to the fact that free admission tickets for the mission anniversary to be held in the Con- gregational church, Collins-street, on the 27th mst are now ready for distribution. A service of song was given at the New Church, Eastern-hill, last evening, under the conductorship of Mr. W, Thornton Davis," on the "Life of Jcaus," to an appreciative audience. The anniversary ball and entertainment of the Australasian Secularists' Association will take place at the Athenioum this evening. A concert in aid of the Blind Asylum will be given by the pupils in the hall of the asylum this evening. Mrs. Tripp acknowledges witli thanks a .donation of £5 to the Servants' Training School, Richmond, from Messrs. Jj. Steven- son and Sons, , A farewell tea meeting in honour of Mrq. Hampson will be given on the 20th August, ' when she will deliver an address. The monthly meeting of theVictorianHorti cultural Improvement Society will be held in, the society a hull, Victoria- street, this even- ing. Holy Trinity Church, Williamstown, will be consecrated by the Bishop of Melbourne this evening. The church has been built for a number of years, but was burdened by a debt till recently. A confirmation Bervice will be held after the consecration. Arrangements havo been completed for the. lecture on behalf of a Young Men's Homo for Invalids, to be given at the Town-hall. The floaters and posting, tickets, window cards, landbills, and the hall have been obtained free of cost The title of the lecture will be " London after Dark ; or, The Moral Reclama- tion of some of London's Waste," giving the result of the personal experiences of the lec- turer, Mr. Marsh. Admission will be free by tickets, which can be obtained from the Association-hnll and booksellers. ; Mr. W. Redmond, M.P., will deliver his final lecture previous to his departure for New Zealand, in St Patrick's Hall, this evening. The subject ia " Personal Recol- lections af the Coercion Act." A concert and ball took place lost evening) in the Temperance-hall, under the auspices ot the Melbourne United Labourers' Protective Society. The object of the entertainment was to raise funds for the purchase of banner for the society. Mr. B. Douglas, the president of ¡the Trades-hall Council, occupied the'ehair. There was a large attendance, and the affair proved successful. A long pro- gramme of songs, recitations, clog dancing, tec, was gone through in a satisfactory manner, after which the hall waa cleared and dancing commenced. The concerts by the musical pupils of the' Asylum and School for the Blind will be re- sumed to-night, at the institution in the St Kilda road. At the Collins-street Independent Church lecture-hall this evening, the Rev. D. Jones Hamer will lecture on " International Sunday school Lessons. " ' An address to wives and daughters on "Common Mistakes about Health" will be delivered bv Mrs. Webster at the Rokeby street schoolroom, Collingwood, this after- noon The last of the vv inter lectures giv en at the Presbyterian Church, Coburg, m aid of the Sabbath school, was given on Tuesday even- ing The Uev J Italian.}ne gave a reading teimed "Jottings from my Notebook o£ Subjects Grave and Gaj," winch consisted of personal reminiscences of Dr Chalmers, Christopher North, and Walter Scott, em- bracing many peculiarities of vv him and elia meter At the close of the lecturea reference was made to the Salvation Army, which the lecturer remarked would require the trial of time before any definite opinion could be formed ot its worth A cordial v ote of thanks from those present was conveyed through the lte\ J no Coopei to the lecturer Mi 'thomas Hancock, who has acted as guard on the Melbourne and Camberwell line since its opening, has been appointed to the charge of the Cunterburj station, where he commences his duties on Saturday A number of trav ellers on the line have deter- mined, should the department offer no ob jection, to present Mr Hancock with a testi monial as a proof of the civ ihty and assiduity with which he lins discharged his duties during the period the line lias been in ex- istence llicdeatlusnnnouncedofMr T A Goodall, formerlj a prominent football pluyei and a member of the Lust Melbourne Cricket Club He was also foi _omc time a teacher in the Church ot England Grammar School, and up to the time of lies death was a knight of the Order of Merit in the Buffalo Order, the highest honour that um be couferied in the colonies We are requested to dnect atten lion to the notice re¿aidmg his tunera!, which appears elscw here 