THE Victoria Racing Club's Champion Race Meeting passed off most successfully on the 1st January. The weather was cold, with a strong keen wind blowing, but fortunately no rain felL Dhurringile, by Panic, won the Hurdle Race, beating four others; Lady Hampden was second, and Cracksman a poor third. Archie, by Rapidity, won the Normanby Stakes; Warwick was second, and St. Lawrence third. Narina, who started the favourite, was not placed. Boolka, three years, by Glorious, won the Yarraville Stakes. He carried 8st. 111b., and ran the mile in lm. 40s. Solitude was second, and Little Jack third. Odd Trick, by King of Clubs, won the Midsummer Handicap ; Lesbia was second (beaten by half a length), Mistaken was third (a neck behind Lesbia). Six horses started for the Champion Stakes, which was won by Commotion, by Panic ; Guesswork, by Gang Forward, was second, beaten by a short half head ; Navigator, by Robinson Crusoe, was a good third. Calma, Segenhoe, and Jessie were not in the race during the last three-quarters of a mile. The three miles were run in 5m. 26s., which has only been equalled once—by First King, in 1878. Magnet, by Vagabond, won the Three Year Old Handicap ; Anglesey was second, but was disqualified in consequence of the jockey interfering at the finish, and the second place was given to The Plunger, who finished third. The racing concluded with the Criterion Stakes, which was won in good style by Ike, by Piscator; Hopetoun was second, and Wahgunyah third. The Victoria Amateur Turf Club held a very successful meeting on the Caulfield course on Boxing Day. The attendance was notsonumerous as mighthavebeen expected, owing to the railway authorities not being able to provide anything but cattle-trucks to convey the visitors to the course. The Ghost, 5 yrs, by Tregeagle, won the Selling Race easily, and was bought in for 100 guineas, all of which goes to the club. Duenna, by Lecturer, won the Juvenile Stakes ; Ike was second, and Monsoon third. The Hurdle Race was carried, off in fine style by Lady Hampden, by Slanderer ; Dhurringile was second, and P.G. third. Baron von Mueller, 5 yrs, by Gang Forward, 7st. 91b., and Colstoun, 3 yrs, by King Cole, 7st. 0£lb., ran a dead heat for the Christmas Handicap, a mile and a quarter and a distance. Anglesey waB third, a head behind the pair. Time, 2m. 33s. In the run off Colstoun won rather easily in 2m. 32£s. Bryan O'Lynn, by Panic, won the Steeplechase, The Hawk was a good second, and Abdallah third. Six horses fell. Amelia Victoria, by Talk o' the Hill, won the Two-year-old Selling Race, and afterwards realised 84 guineas, of which the club got half. The meeting terminated with the Malvern Handicap, which was won by Squireen, 3 yrs, by The Squire ; Transferred was second, and Lohengrin third. Lovers of cricket have been fully occupied lately with the intercolonial and international matches. In the intercolonial match the New South Wales team scored a welldeserved victory, while in the international match between the Hon. Ivo Bligh's team and the Australian Eleven the latter won by nine wickets. 