The Cloud-Shelly's i [Lagiczl Ode: I nveso fresh showers for the tlirsting flowers, Friot the seas and the streams; I bear light shade for the levoes When laid In their noon-day drdeams. From my wings are shaken the dow;: that waken The swet' birds every one, . When rocked to rest on their mother's breast, As she dances about the sun. I .wield the flail of the lashing hail, SAid whiten the green plains under; And then again I dissolve it in rain; And laugh as I pass in thunder. , I silt the snow on the mountains below, And their great pines groan aghast; And all the night, 'tis my pillow white, While I sleep in the arms of the blast. ISublime on the towers of. my kiey bowers Lightning, my pilot, sits; In a cavern under is fettered the thunder; It struggles and howls at fits. Over earth an ocean, with gentle motion This pilot is guiding me, Lured by the love of the genii that move In the depthl of the purple seao; Over the rills, and the crags, and the hills, Over the lakes and the plains, Wherever le dream, under me untain or stream, The spirit lie loves, remains; . And I all the while bask in heaven's. blu smile, Whilst he is dissolving in raines. The sanguine sunrise, with its meteor eyes,, And his burning plumenos.outspread, Leaps on the back of my sailing rack, Wiihen the morning star shines dead, As on the jag of a mountain crag Which an earthquake rocks and swings, An eagle, alit, one moment may sit In the light of its golden wings; And when sunset may breathe, from the lit sea beneath, Its ardors of rest and of love,. And the crimson pall of eve may fall From the delths of heaven above, With wings folded I rest on mine airy nest, As still as a brooding dove. That orbed maiden with white fire laden, \- Whom mortals call the.moon, - : Glides glimmering o'er my fleece-like floor. By the midnight breezes strewn; And, wherever the beat of her unseen feet, Which only the angels hear, ; May have broken the woof of my.tent's thin roof, The stars peep behind her and peer; And I laugh to see them whirl and flee, Lileo a swarm or golden bees, ... When I widen the rent in my wind-built tent, .. Till the calm river, lakes, and seas, Like strips of the sky fallen through me' on . . high, .. Aro.eoaghpavcd.with the mwgh.and these. I bind the sun's throne with'a'burning ezone, And the moon's with a girdle of perL;" The volcanoes are dim, and the stare reel and swim, When the whirlwinds my banner unfurl. From cape to cape, with a bridge-like shape, Over a torrent sea, Sunbeam proof, I hang like a roof, The mountains its columns bo,. The triumphal arch, through which I march, With hurricane, fire and snow, When the powers of the air are chained to my chair, Is the million-colored bow; The sphere.fire above, its soft colors wove, : While the moist earth was laughing below. I am the daughter of the earth and wateor And the nursling of the sky; I pass through the pores of the; onan and shores; I change but I cannotdie " For atter the rain, when, with nedvr a stain,: The pavilion of heaven isbiue' ' ?, t And the wirids and sunbeashs, withitheir con vex gleams, "' Build up the blue dome'of air--: t I silently laugh at my own cenotaph,.: :; And out of the caverns of. rain,' :t ,:: ? Like a child' from the womb, like a ghost from the tomb, I rise aud upbuild it again. ': i ^ : 