The Novelist. lone Stewart. Br E. LINK LINTON, AUTHOR of PATRICIA KEM- BALI,*, THE ATONEMENT ev LEAM DUNDAS, UÎÏDEB' WHICH LORD, MT LOVE, ETC, ETC. | ; CHAPTER XLV.-DOMESTICATED. " .We shall have to introduce you to some o . our friends," said Captain Stewart one day whei SJ. Claire was at the Villa Clarissa, as he was si of ben now. "¿If-you-intend to pass the winter hero yoi mu3t go into society," said Mrs.Stewarb, in hei gently sörrowful way. "You will find som« pleasant people both among ourselves and thc Pale'rmitans." . " Yes," said the Captain; "that every one Would say. The Palennitans are wonderfully hospitablo to strangers who are fitly introduced." " L thought the Italians did not understand hospitality," said St. Claire. " In our way, perhaps, no, in their way, yes. They dónot ask you to dinner, but they give you aseab^in their carriage and take you to eat ices. You cannot go in upon them at 12 o'clock in the day, . but, you ara free of their, salons every evening when they are at home ; and you may go as early as .tho habits of the place allow and stay as late, nob wearing out your welcome by repeti . tion. l';We"give fojd, they companionship. Our method is a survival of the time when starvation was a'xriin'a ever-present foe, theirs of a state of society when personal peril was the greatest fact of life-when, therefore, tho defence of associa- tion was the greatest need, and admission to that association the supreme mark of confidence." " 1 see," said St. Claire, who thought the ex- planation more ingenious than true. " Oue thing will be sure to Btrike you-the dreadful number of title3 here," said Mrp. Stewart r,in an aggrieved voice. ^ She rejoiced in tho fact, bub she liked tb com- plain of it. She was too thoroughly English not; to reverence rank, but she was also too thoroughly English inot to resent the apportionment which gave that rank to the Palermitans and left sf themselves without "handles." thouerh with uh doubted pedigree. " Tttat niakos no difference," said Captain Stewart. . " Among themselves they are punctili- ous enough on the matter of: relative rank, but they dj not care two strawa about it with us. An Englishman ia always an Englishman to them, whether he be a lord or only a plain mister ; and they like us as a race ; which is so much in our favour a's individuals." " 1 am 6ure I wonder that they do I"said lone, , abruptly. . No.one answered her j and though St. Claire looked at her, as if in response, he did not speak. He thought he should probably get her into trou- ble if, he drew her out. " 1\ shall be very glad to know any of your friends," he then said, having, nothing else to say j ;but ia his own mind he thought he should find none so congenial to him as were these hos pitaole Stewarts, with theirpretty place and their charming daughters. "I "will pub you up to a few of the most spe- cial," then said the captain, and forthwith began a list of princes and princesses, barons and ba- ronesses, counts and countesses, till his guesb wondered if the city held an untitled man or woman in its ranks at ali. It was a long page of the Palermitan Almanack de Gotha to learn, but St. Claire had a good head and a retentive memory, and social dignities came easily in bis way. To be sure he made a few mistakes and misfits, as was but natural. He gave the grand- father as a son, and called the dau»hter-in-law the mother, and hopelessly jumbled up, as if in a bag, the various members of that large family, each bf whom had a different name and title from the others. But he made out something definite at last and established a kind of central point round which all the rest would cluster in time. He made out clearly and distinctly the indivi- duality ot' that travelled and well-read countess, who had been everywhere, and who knew all the picturesque by-places as well as the general cen . tres OÍ! interest in Europe. And her daughter that ideal kind of princess whom all women loved-and all men nd ned, whose mind was aa rich as her personality was gracious-he got her, too, well established, so that he should know them both when hp should bo taken to call. That grand Old princess, the " doyenne" of the local aristocracy, with her stainless repute and honour- able name ; her daughter so interesting and gen- tle, and so curiously English in physique-these images/topj he fixed as those of people he was bound tb respect aud admire when he met them. The grandfather of this last, this fair-faced Pa lermitau lily, one of the many noble exiles of '43, was another personality not likely to Blip. When he, St. Claire, came to know him, the Stewarts said, he would find him the most delightful com. panioh in the world, and the best raconteur. Bia \- stories bf English life and experience were inimit- able!. And those two brothers, who also, had been of the emigration, the eider, as Captain Stewart said; '»the best bred man in tho island to which Mrs. Stewart added her testimony,.« ** with all the graces of his own race and all the virtues of ours, and with none of the faults of eather" (the younger, in his time one of the most gallant soldiers of all the national army) they were cleared from the mass, and made as sharp and distinct as two cameos. So were tho noble hearted, handsome wife and graceful daughter with her gift of genius, belonging^ to the one-^bhe bright and hospitable signora with the studious aon of the other. That charming group of friends and relations, so good and true and simple and sincere; the patriarch of the EJnglish colony, with his magnificent garden, his gentle wife and hier sweet kindliness ; the scholarly clergyman, and L|a wife, whose life had been a romanos j the men of letters beroi the men of soience there; th J pleasant .Biron,, the kindly Dr ko, the learned Abbate, the fatuous Professor-*ifcwas,an interest- ing page of personal gossip, the " carte du pays" wvU tíráwn out ; and, it amused St, Claire, who, os has been said, was fond of genealogy and local Debretts. "Now,"be sure you distinguish one from the other; and do not confound A with B nor C with D/' said Captain Stewart. , " Above all, take pains to learn your pronunciation correctly. A letter makes all the difference ; as between that fascinating Princess and my dear good friend Luigi, ¡for example.' Doubled when it should be single, or deprived of its consort when it should be doubled, will land you in more holes than ¡ one. So be careful." " I will do my bast,", said St. Claire. " How can it interest you to know anything of the people .here, you who come from England ?" said 1 ono, scornfully. " Why nob ?" Armine answered. " Do you not think it interesting to study differences ?" "Not for an Englishman to Btudy a Continen- tal V said lone, superbly." .. _. ' " How can you be so prejudiced, Nony !" said j Clarissa. " Why are not foreigners as good as weare? Poor dears! I am sure they are." "I don't think so," said lone; and on Mrs. Stewart returning plaintively: "My poor dear misguided child, what can you possibly know of the n. at ter ?" and Capt. Stewart adding bluntly: " Shut up, Io, and do not let us have any more of your confounded nonsense I" that thread of talk dropped and waa nob taken up again. And yet lone tad only said what she had hearc a dozen times before from the two who représentée her parents. . .Had Clarissa scoffed at the peopli among whom they had elected tomake their homoj they would have smiled ab her enthusiastic patriot- ism; and would have, said she was not so far wrung in Her estimate; but what Clarissa might do with honour was, counted to ,lone for sh imo, even though the father and mother did their best tc ba just; and were just according to their ability, ' ' The .Stewarts not only made themselves St. Cláire's introducers to tho. society of the place, but .they also took' pains to show him everything Of interest, and specially to looaliso the native legends and historic events. They took him to the exact spot where the Sicilian vespers began, and tried in vain to teach him how to pronounce that shibboleth pf "ciceri." They traced tho line on the hill where Garibaldi and his devoted band came down in their strength like a living stream dyed red with the glorious dawn, bringing the freedom of Sicily as their offering to Palermo. I They translated for his benefit old ballads, like that of the " Baronessa di Carini," and told him those wonderful stories of courage and audacity 1 which have already made of the brigand chief Leone a being almost as legendary as Fra Dia volo. They showed him over the new institu- tions, and severely criticised all tho details of management ; as the English always do, whether at home or abroad. They took him to the churches, some of which were under repair, and fell foul of every bib of modern work, however , well done, which was to restore tho lost substance cf the old and fill up the gap? made by time. But then they would not have been English here too, had they not idealised tho remote past of Italy and vilified the immediato present. Had they nob read their Ruskin ? and was it not in their province, as members of the nation which set up their Duke and his horse over a gateway, and substituted tho griffin for Temple Bar, to lecture all others on taste and the conservation of thiugs ancient and historic ? and above all, were not the picturesque ignorance and darkness, dis- ease and misery of old times worth all the unaes- thetic light and liberty and health and strength of these modern degem rate days ? To hear the English in Italy, one would say thab tho proB perity,;the education and liberty of awhole people are not worth a fine fagade or an imposing pro- cession ; and that something pretty to look at is worth far more than free government or whole- some living. And the Stewarts, though en- lightened people in their own way, were nob proof against the prevailing folly ol' their race. And finally, to complete their good ofiices, they [ introduced him to society, so that he was made ! free of all the houses which were open to them selves. Then it was that he found for. himself how frank and hospitable are these dear Italian islanders, witn Ute proud and capable; Saracenic; strain running throng h t heir ; blood j" their my ths of old Grèce Heating like perfume and echoing like music through the air';-their pathètio history and their B ir ring feuds ; their saintly, legends, which jostle and displace, tHe divine old myths, or rather into whiuh those myths have trans- formed themselves j their commémorât i ve customs which lift tho whole life out of the. commonplace into the ideal ¡ those dear Italian islanders, to know whom is to love I-as ho proved for his own part, and with reason. The countess showed him her house, and the count took-him'over his garden ; the princess had hipa to her receptions, and made him a favourite guest when ¿ut ; for her villeggiatura ; the two dear brothers invited him to dinner, and the girl entranced him with her singing; every one. was kind to him, every one made much ;of him-tho women, because he was so interesting, and hand- some and delicate and young, and the men, be- cause it pleased the women, and flo looked as if he had no harm in him. So that for a broken- hearted lover, as he was,, St., Claire enjoyed himself disoreetly, and carried his seorët sorrows h.-avely. ; ' , r, > ( n\;, ; ? Truly, wi thout disloyalty to his lost love, his. wounds were doing, well. A spiritual surgeon would have said, diagnosing with judgment, that {¡bey were granulating apace aud looking re- markably healthy. IfmuBb be iso. . To live with j a dead j*>y never absent from one's ooa-'cioiisness is very soon to die wita it. For the mind follows the law bf the body, and wounii wbhjh will not 'heal bring all things to destruction. \\- So the .time passed. . The soft-spoken, gentle« 'mannered, handsome young fellow was so accus-, ' .bomed to be petted and ciressed; so used to bo tceated as a personage of importance, that all "tá¿ kihdness'laviahed oñ .him by hid ne w friends C ime to him aa by prescriptive right, and he took, it with thatTmmpü« itself, lt a eharm in the beautiful young. ; He . made no disclaimers and no oppositien; showed no surprise, and only expressed his gratitude by smiling amiably, when he waa flattered, ai looking content when he was singled out f supreme attention and marked kindness. Wh'( bright eyes shone the brighter as he entered tl room, and sweet voices had an extra touch i silver as they spoke to him, he took it all as 01 who knew the whole rosary by heart, and wi received only his due. And this quiet unconsç ousness of any special grace in the favours a< corded him made part Of his success with^ th women. The men perhaps said a few hard thing among themselves,, as. was but natural ; but th women found it " lovely." It was the unconsciou self-assertion, of a superior person whese creden tials are undeniable." was the prince travel ling incognito, who does not think it strang when some . one, more acute than the rest drops a court courtesy, and says "Your Boya Highness." He took it all so much as his by right tba surely it was so ! Well dressed, well mannered with his air of accustomedness to luxury and hom age and the finer things of life, ho had the look OJ a man richer than his expenditure, and superior t< the conditions which it haspleased him for the mo meat to adopt. To see him, here in Palermo nc one would have supposed that for his sole wealth he had only what remained of those ¿6300 which had been brought him by the ravens, and the re- versionary interest, when his health Bhould be re- established, ol a amall country practice which gave him bread and left no margin for butter. He had the air of thousands a-yéar j and Palermo set him down at the value of his looks. ; This was not Iiis fault. The mosb!rigid moralist could scarcely haye held him bound to appear j poor for truth's' sake, or to[ publish a statement of his finances,, in Lo Stdtuto.' lb had bf en hts misfortune before now to look ono thing and be ! another; and this was only a repetition of the old litany of misunderstanding which.more than once had been intoned to his disaster. , Where ail'liked him, the; Stewarts liked him most of .all.- Even'the wiry and determined Cap- tain, his very antithesis in - some things, found points of agreement in others, which made the running smooth. To be sure he would not have chosen this soft voiced and gentle mannered young physician, as "his partner in a difficult business, where he had risked his fortune to save it only by bold combinations and resolute action. He would, not have put him at the head of an exploring expedition where courage and endur- ance were the alphabet of success; nsr would he have 8¿nb him where astuteness and diplomatic fence were the great things needed. But he liked him as a guest ; he tr IIB! ed him with- the girls ; and he believed hin» to beaman to whom any father might safely give his daughter, sure that, when he married, his wife's happiness would be welded into the very subs'ance of her wedding ring. As they saw more and more of him, both father and mother felt, what they did not acknowledge even to each other, that, as Clarissa's choice, this charming young fellowsbould meet with no opi o Bition, and Guli should supply the wedding cake. They had decided, as we know, that Clarissa should not marry a Sicilian ; and the English colony was poor in available husbands. Though the farthest possible removed from wishing her to marry at all, they were too loving and just to desire her to remain single for their sakes. And here was the man who, in body, mind and estate, seemed made for the occasion. They knew nothing of his broken fortunes and unhappy love. They saw him only as Edward Form bys friend, therefore to be trusted and believed in as what ho Beemed to be ; and he seemed to be little less than a prince in disguise. In hi i sweet impartial way he was equally de- voted to both girls j but [parental love gave the balanco that [extra weight which made Clarissa turn the scale. How should she not ? Who in his senses would preter lone, that uncomfortable anomaly with her red-gold hair and indescribable green eyes (that odd mixture of passion and in- dolence, of dreams and unrest) to a sweet-tem- pered, sensible little pigeon like Clarissa, whoEO worst moods, compared to the ordinary outbursts of that other, were like April showers set against tropical tempests P And such a good wife as she would make, 1 so domestic, BÖ clever in manage-, ment, so notable'and exact-did that'count 'tor nothing P lone, who had been just as well trained, given the same- advantages,-and brought up On the same lines, could do nothing useful, and was, discontented, undisciplined and jealous. In fact lone was not to be thought of when Clarissa was to the fore ; and Sb. Claire was far too nice a fel- low to be thrown away. ' ' Yes, the thing titted. Now that hie health had become so much more robust, and there was evidently nothing much amiss Chiven the ques I tion of settlements satisfactoriL^arranged) thçre would be no objection raised wh°n. the moment dame.-.. Though, the Captain did nob harbour; this thing ¿9 a planned future (only perceived it aa a possi- ble contingency.) Mrs. Stewart, woman-like, che- rished it as a charming picture, over which, 'however, she would break' her heart'; Bhould 'it cease to be a picture and become a liying- fact j andi ,St. Claire i got-the geed , of the; Bitüátion. Meanwhile the picture grew daily more vivi the mother, as the handsqnie,young fellow crept closer andr closer into bac affections; and she felt as Oakhurst before her had felt, that he was "BO good*'and *'BO pure.'' . í- . ; .?'"? .1 On his side, "that healthy 'granulation of his wounds. went .steadily on, ana the solid silver o'iain of friendship supplied the broken goldón link« of love ; he all the time taking everything with that simplicity of acceptance which made petting and devotion 'his' rightful .due 'by,.- the. leticrs-patent of nature and fitness. . Not that he was a coxcomb, .He.was simply a man in whom' the ..feminine element predominated^ over1 the' ¡ masculine, whose very .virtues were feminine,-and !'-whTBe manhobd'was free from manly vióeV, who WAS swet and gentle and p.ffoctionate and pur j &u; peoting no evil, and meaning as little as he suspected. His character, faüeq.,in fdrep, but .was rich in beauty j and for'tho strength of viii (.which, was wantjng hQ-Bu^titufjed delicacy, of oapsojlence, which, perhaps, ¿ame to the same hing in the end. B»t with all this pleasant toying with this newly mintedsilver chain of friendship; his heart turned eyer arid évër hack to the broken golden links, and he knew, with unwavering conviction, that Monica Barrington was'the only woman he. had ever: loved or ever could love, as the true meaning of love goes. All before her had been phantasme-all after her would be ghosts ; and neither in phantasms nor in ghosts is there solid substance for.the heart or soul of man.. 