PLAYLNG AT MAT'JIIMOMY BY A VI1.AG E PEDAGOGUE. "Although 'tis pleasant weaving nets, Tis safer to make cages."-.Bayley Annie Crooke despised me. Ijknew that, just as well as though I had not been in love with her; a girl as handsome as an angel and as proud as lucifer-a girl any man seeing once must always remember. Perhaps you want to know what she was so proud about-why she held herself so high. It was because old Fred Crooke was the wealthiest man in Vantage. that was all; and weete poor, mother and I--poor where almost all were rich. I was the ischool. master. No great fields, yellow with golden grain, splread about her house; no orchards laden with such fruit as our neighbours coined in to gold each autumn, We had our little garden sot, with its one apple tree and its hedge or currant bushes. One cow was all our dairy, and we had no bank stock, min ing scrip, or " real." To be sure, my mother was a lady, and I, I hope a gentleman; and in days when for tune had smiled upon my father, he had _given his son every advantage of eiucation and accomplishment. But for my mother, I should never .have dropped into WantagtY school, and thought the Boorish sons and daughters f,,r a living ; but she besought me to stay with her in the little house which was all that rem.tined to us, and I did is for her s.t ke. And so I taught Aunie Cr ,okeaged sixteen, t) write and cipher. A little learning sufficed those Wantage girls ut the tiwm. To spell, to read, to write, to cipher a little, was to be educated thoroughly. We find girls in our kitchens, now-a-days who know as much as those yellow haired faruers' heiresses. But Anntie was not like the rest. Her mother had not been one of the rosy girls wh., had developed into such portly matrons. Old Crocke had married her for his second wife after his first wife's children had fami lies of their own. Perhaps his money had won her. It seems likely. Her portrait hanging upon she wall in the hertnetically sealed parlor, bad fine, straight features, a nd coal black eyes, and thin, scarlet lips, It was a lady's face. And under her care Annie had grown to be a lady, and had read books which had her mother's maiden name on their title pages-old English plays, and the novels of Mrs Radcliffe and L:idy Mor gan, and volumes of poems with the most passionate love verses underscored, as though there had been a heart history in the wo man's life before old Crooke and his gold dawned upon it. Whatever it was she would never reveal it, now in her grasve amongst the willows, but site has bequeathed some of it to Annie. The blood in t?,at girls veins was not only that ot Crooke's ancestors. Of it, yet not mingling, warmer, as is the gulf stream than the Atlantic, coursed that of her mother. She had the glorious flesh and color of her kindred, tempered and etherealised by ex quisite features,.beautiful changes of exs pres'.iau acd a high-bred grace of movement and fall of voice. Somewhere within her soul the under scored lines of those poems her mother had read before her babe saw light were inter woven. Yet for all this, the vulgar pride of wealth dwelt there ,.lso. Perhaps she had caught that from her father, who had a pair of imaginary scales in which lie %teighed a man and his money, valuing first as the gold was lighter or heavier. Old Crooks thanke, d his stars that he had never read a book ; his father's brother he said. lost two thou.iand pounds with ' books,' and that taught his father better than to do the same. Thoug h, whether the gentlem:n alluded to had lost his money by neglecting his busi ness for books, hy making betting books, or by amassing a library, Crooke never ex plained. For a woman, however, it made no difference. Annie read when she liked. It pla.b-id her father to see her please herself; and my scholar had feasted. upon my litLle library, and we had talked the books over, and been very happy. She liked ime then. She always liked me a little; but she had been educated to regard a man who had money something as you and I might a man who could not read. I knawv it, and yet I did the most foolish thing possible, and. instead of flying from her, sought her. I began by admiring her; I ended by loving her. In that primitive society we had gather ings unknown in more refined circles--meet ings of the " young folks" to romp and sing and *" spark." No invitations were given. The guests .'ame two and two andi met in the great kitchens, never in the parlours, held sacred to funerals and w'eddings. At such parties 1 met Annie. We would converse--we only satisfied each other The stupidity of many around us was an noying to both, yet I knew she would sooner marry Harry Hackett than me, ba cause he was ltoky enough to be the only child of one rich man and the only grandson of two others. That knowledge angered me. I felt that it was wrong. I could no more be ashamed of having enough than I could have been proud of being rich. To be despised for that was so absurd a wrong to me that it was be yond bearing. Personally she might have found what fault she pleased; on that score she had no right to think me beneath her. Besides. she had a way of making me her friend as she might a very old man, a very young boy, or one who could by no means entertain any other thoughts than those of friendship, and this irked me most of all. I had rather she had shunned me. Her manner said too plainly:-" It can't do any harm to please myself with your company. You dare not presume upon it." So things stood when oce evening there was a gathering at Widow Wallis's. I never went with Annie, Harry was her usual gallant; but to meet her there was enough -to speak to her; inithose plays which we played like so many grown children; now and then to kiss her. That evening the romp was a wild one, and in its midst a thunderstorm broke over Wantage; a pelting rain pa:tered upon the roofs, and there came a hurried knocking at the door of the Widow Wallis. Someone opened it. "Forgive my want of ceremony," said a cultivated voice. "Really a man can't re member 'his manners' when he is being drenched to the skin. Mlay I come in ?" And a stranger was ushered into our midst -a meriy.looking young man in a black suit buttoned to the chin. The Widow Wallis acted the part of the hostess with what grace she might.: She in formed the stranger that it was as cheap sitting as standing, and advised him to "take off his coat and dry it." Then she told the servant to draw some beer and give the stranger, and went to sleep again in the wooden chair in the corner. The stranger did not take off his coat," but he accepted the beer and joined in the romp. I think it was Harry Hackett-stupid Harry, with his little blueish eyes, and a mouth like one of those in the masks to be seen at the balls-who first proposed a new game. I heard him bawling at the top of his lungs. " Yes, we played it. It was great fun, and they went through it like it was real. Everybody kissed the bride after. 'Twas as'good as forfeits. Playing at a wedding, you don't know what fun it was." And then it was resolved that there should be a mimic wedding performed that evening; a fine jest they thought it, and the girls went wild with fun. All wanted the rale of bride; though all denied the fact, the wish was evident, and as no one could have Sa right to the part, it was to be decided by lot. Papers were dropped into a hat, and the one with '" Bride" upon it fell to Annie Crooks. She chose her bridesmaid and they huiried away to don some ancient wedding dresses estored away in the garret, Even Widow Wallis awoke and waddled up stairs to help to dress the bride. It was rare fua to all. But who should be the bridegroom ? They left the choice to Annie before she left us. Harry grinned expectant. She did not look at him. "I say, let me," he suggested, after a moment. But she gave him a coquettish glance and turned to me. ' YouZ," ahe said. "Are vyou not honoured ? Make yourself very splendid for the cere mouy. There are waistcoats red and gold worn half a century under the roof, I know, and lace ruffles and wonderful hats and boots. I expect you to do me credit." Then she fluttered away with her friends, and I felt a strange silent rage possess me. She had chosen me, because of all there I dared not presume upon the fact. Just as she might have summoned any menial had it been her pleasure-chosen m3, whom it would move beyond all expresbions to stand beside her in such a mockery of the hopeless dream of my life. S"Choose schoolmaster !" cried Harry, "then who'll be pareon ? He has most book learning. Nobody else can remember the words, unless-our new visitor can play parson ?" The gentleman who had sought shelter from the storm laughed merrly. "No doubt," he said. "' It's a game I've played before." " And it's fun. aint it?" asked Harry. " Sometimes," said the stranger. S"You be parson, then. I'll be best man," said Harry; and then he hurried me away, and Dame Wallis rummaged in tall presses and brought forth quaint garments in hue and grotesque in pattern, in which I was arrayed. My heart beat wildly as we entered the kitchen and met admidst the laughter of the guests. We looked as though Rip Van Winkle's fate had been ours, and we had awakened from the slumber ofa century, Plump Bella Wallis was bridesmaid. Harry stood by me. I felt like one in a dream. I could not smile. My gravity seemed an excellent jest to the rest. But Annie, when I took her hand in mine, gave me a strange look, and paused with a sort of terror in her eyee. Then she pulled her hand away suddenly. "No," she said; " no. Let Bell be the bride. "But it's too late. You are dressed, and you draw the lot," cried Bella. And. they' coaxed her back to her place beside 'ne. Then the ceremony began The stranger knew the words by heart, and was quite serious in his manner. But fun lurked in his eye. When the moment came for placing the ring upon the bride's hend, he enjoyed the approaching dilemma. But I had a ring upon my little finger. and, far from enjoying the jest as I was, I drew it oiff as I repeated " With this ring I thee wed," and transferred it to the proper finger of the mimic bride. At that every one laughed louder than be- fore, and the sport was nearly at an end. Then came the kissing of the bride. I claimed my kiss first, I put my lips to hers. Both were cold as ice. She laughed without merriment, and was as pale as any ghost. But they whirled her away amid jest and kisses, and I found the stranger had scribbled some lines on a piece of paper. " The certificate," he said. " And now I must be going. I suppose you know you are actually married. I am a clergyman- ordained last week. Hathaway, of New bury. If you are ever caught near my piar sonage in a rain storm, I hope you will per, mit me to return your hospitality. Goods evening." He bowed himself out. Those who heard him stood bewildered and amazed. I fol lowed him. "Are you in earnest ?" I said. He lifted his eyebrows. "I'm really a clergyman, if you mean that," he said. Yes you are tied for life, you know," and hurried away laughing. I went back to the room. The bride of the evening had gone to change her dress. All were getting ready to go home. Such fun had never been known, they declared ; and how well the stranger had acted the parson. For ma I was almost beside myself. The ordeal had been terrible. What I haid heard and knew to be the truth had put-the climax to my excitement; and the wound the girl I loved had given me in choosing me thus, knowing how I felt to her as she mums, was sore and aching yet. I was half mad when I followed Harry and Annie to their house, I believe,-surely not in my sober senses. I longed to punish her for her cruelty. She had stung me so that I forgot everything but that. Old Crooke was smoking upon his porch in the moonlight, and Harry was telling him an excellent jest. I stalked up to them, breaking in upon the burst of laughter. " I've come for my wife," I said in a sort of frenzy. "We are really married. The stranger was a clergyman. You are my wife, Annie; you did not guess what you were doing when you were so cruel as to wring my heart for your sport. You are my wife." " Eh, Annie ? The schoolmaster's wife !" Harry roared with laughter. Old Crooke, quicker witted, started up, alarm upon his rnbicund visage. " The devil," -he cried, "you must be either mad or drunk, neighbour. A joke is a joke, but this goes too far," "Perhaps I am mad," I said. But Annie is my wife, and I've come for her." There was a gun on the porcl:. The old man seized it, I fancy at first only to frighten me away, for he was a good humoured old fellow. and, I suppose, thought I had been drinking too much. "You insult my girl ?" lie said. " Go away or I'll shoot you. What foul trick have you played, Annie, to make this young hair-brain believe so? Go!" " I'll go with my wife, not without her," I said. And Crooke grew angry, and lifted the gun to his shoulder. I put my hand on Annie's arm. She screamed. Her father fired, and I fell on the ground. There the scene ended for me. I remember only a host of fevered dreams and fancies, with Annie's face amongst them. At last, reality dawned from the chaos, and I found myself in my own little room at home. It was evening, and a shaded lamp burnt low. A woman sat beside me. I lay quite still; and the events of the past slowly re turned to my memory. I lelt very weak and could but just turn my head upon the pillow, I must have been very ill. How long I could not guess. Soon I found a faint voice, The ghost of my own belonged to me. I spoke: " Mother!" I said. The woman bent over me. A form young and voluptuous- not my mother's, A hand held mine in a wsrm clasp. " It is not mother ?" I said. "No, she is resting in her own room, Will, said a voice, in a whisper. '"And this'l" I asked. Two arms encompassed me; a ripe oheek dropped against mine. " It is your wife-Annie !" were the words that answered me. " I never knew I loved you until you put that ring upon my hand. Then I understood myse:f. And I promised to love and honouryou from my soul; and I will always do it, my love. I would, were you a beggar!" And I knew that which the mother's dreams had implanted in the heart of her beautiful daughter had bloomed at last. I They tried to part us; but we were fast bound before God and man. The young clergyman came to our aid. He had mar ried us regularly, and before witnesses; and, unless we chosep, no man could sunder us. The jest that had ended in earnest was talked over by every Wantage fireside that winter through. Old Crooke never forgave us ; and his gold went to others-not one round glittering piece touched my Annie's palm. Heaven knowse, I never grieved for that. My wife owed all to me; and fortune has esmiled upon my efforts. We are not poor, as reugards means of living; and quite wealthy in happiness. .Australian Journal. 