Jab) anft Criminal Courts. POLICE COURTS. THIS DAY. APELAIDE : MONDAY, APRIL 16. I Before Messrs. S. Beddome, P.M., J. Bees, P. Santo, and R. E. Lucy, J.P.'s.] Philip Costello, Stephen O'Leary, John Alexander, Michard Bear, and John McArdle were each fined 10s. for drunkenness. Bridget Martin was fined 15s. for drunkenness. John Johnson, labourer, was fined £1 for drunkenness and exposure of his person in Currie-street. Elizabeth Wallace was fined £1 for being drunk and using insulting words calculated to provoke a breach of the peace. John 1/undy was fined 15s. for drunkenness and indecent language. John Eddy was fined £1 for being drunk. Catherine Wooley, Augusta, Field, and Rosetta Eirkyatrick were each fined £1 for loitering, &c.; Frederick Jlolmeb and John Reid were charged with having no visible lawful means of subsistence. Sentenced each to two months' hard labour. Annie Forjgarty was fined £1 for drunkenness and indecent language. James Flanmgan, a lad, was fined £1 for using indecent language. John Bennett, labourer, was charged with neglecting to complv with a maintenance order for his wife, Margaret Bennett. Ordered to pay the arrears (£4) and £1 fees Walter Thorn was charged, on the information of John Bradley, with stealing from him one swordbayonet, value 30a., the nroperty of Her Majesty's Government, at Adelaide on April 14. Informant stated that he was a volunteer in the B Battery of Artillery, and was going home from parade when he was 6tuck up by defendant and two other men. Defendant took his bayonet from the scabbard, and handed it to one of the other men, who went off with it. Have not seen the bayonet since. By defendant—Was not gesticulating with the bayonet, or showing defendant how the rifle worked. Did not say "I am a Tipperary soldier, and if I bad been in the Zulu war I would have done some execution." (Laughter.) Had had some beer, but was sober at the time. Laurence McGrath, fourteen years of age, stated that on last Saturday evening he saw prosecutor near the Shamrock Hotel. Saw defendant take the bayonet from the prosecutor, and pretend to put it in again, but slip it to a man behind him. By defendant—Bradley was not drunk. He walked straigbter than you. Police-constable Sayers stated that he arrested defendant in a closet og Currie-street on Saturday night. Prosecutor was present. Told defendant the charge and cautioned joiin. He replied in filthy language. Had searched for the bayonet, but could not tind it in the neighbourhood. By defendant—You were drunk and had a crowd around you. His Worship remanded the case for a week. LIBEL CASE. Frederick Ilarzic Linklater and William. Barnet were charged by Moss Samuel Solomon with publishing a libellous article in the Gawler Bunyip of March 23. Mr. Wadey for the prosecution, Mr. Smith with Mr. Mathews for the defence. The defamatory article complained of was as follows in an article headed " Town Talk," by Pelts :— "Some considerable time ago, not in the days when piratical opera-bouffe was all the rage at the Theatre Royal, and legs and champagne used occasionally to be in a glorious state of mix behind the scenes, a daring but tight-fisted son of Abraham came to the laudable determination of 'sheeing shometings for nodings, ma tear.' With this end in view the gentleman in question, after some little exertion and no small expenditure of finger-nails, obtained an airy and advantageous position on the roof of Mr. Macdonald's stabling, fronr which vantage ground he had an uninterrupted view of the uudraped window of the room wherein certain undrapeu young ladies were in the habit of nocturnally draping themselves. Long, earnestly, and wistfully did he gaze on the picture which met his sight, until, in an illstarred momenta brother tomcat uplifted his voice in aminor key at his elbow S The sound attracted the attention of a more than usually undraped nymph, and a terrific scream announced to the hopeless intruder that bis dazzling shirt front and glittering diamond studs had heen • spotted.' Vainly he strove to make his way to terra firrna! Unnerved and gasping he hung by a waterspout and finger tips, from which perilous position he was rescued by the stage manager and property man. But his troubles had only begun. The enraged Dianas claimed their victim, and had him too 1 They took him to their dressiug - room, and having plentifully besprinkled him with dirty water, deftly applied their ready powder puffs, and when that unhappy wight arrived at the paternal mansion the old man raised his eyes and his hands and exclaimed;, "Holy Moses! ish dat a ghost or a rolling-pin. . . . Now, you would hardly credit it, but this young gentleman is a member of the At tillery Force of South Australia, and he is just about to be promoted to the rank of commissioned officer, and to "iiv with gentlemen. Of course, after the above narrative every one will know what for.' Mr. Smith produced a letter to the proprietor of the Bunyip, demanding the name of the'wiiter of the article^ and giving a week for reply. Mr. Smith said he could show that the week of grace had been extended, and he therefore asked lor the dismissal of Mr. Barnet. He quoted the case of H. E. Downer v. T. King v. W. V. Smith, June 3,1876. Mr. Wadey—What Smith ? We do not agree upon the facts. We deny that there was any extension of time. Mr. Smith proceeded to read the case, and pointed out that in the particular case quoted a letter of similar character to that referred to was produced in the case, and the rule as far as Mr. King was concerned was discharged on the point. Mr. Wadey denied that there was any unfairness in the case, and explained what had passed between counsel and the parties in the present libel case. Barnet ignored the second letter sent after the time of grace had expired. However, he proposed to withdraw as far as Barnet was concerned. The case against Linklater proceeded. M. J. Stapleton, of Gawler, bootmaker, produced a copy of the Bunyip containing the alleged libel, and sent it down to Mr. Solomon. Mr. Smith—Is it not a nasty thing for any man to watch women dressing in whatever sphere of life they might be, whether they be tambour majors or minors. Witness—It is a matter of taste. It would not be my taste. Mr. Smith — And you a preserver of soles! (Laughter.) Witness—I purchased a copy of the paper, and sent it to Mr. M. J. Solomon when he wrote for a copy. Moss Samuel Solomon, the prosecutor, said—I am clerk to Mr. Raphael. Received the Bunyip of March 23, and handed it to Mr. Cox, the solicitor. Am also sergeant in B Battery, Port Adelaide Battery, and am of the Hebrew persuasion. Mr. Beddome asked why the latter question was asked. Mr. Wadey said it was the way the prosecutor was referred to in the article. Witness continued—There aTe only about four Jews in the artillery, and only three in the one I belong to. Major Solomon is the only Hebtew commissioned officer, and there are two Hebrew gunners. I have lately undergone an examination for a commission—on March 29. I had sent in my application three weeks before. I cannot remember the date of the application for examination. I have read the article. (Mr. Wadey put in the paper and the article was read.) My attention was called to the article on March 27. The last paragraph refers to myself. Received the letter produced from Colonel Mathews. (The letter stated that the prosecutor could not be recommended for a commission after what had passed). I have been refused a commission. b - - -a By Mr. Smith—I have been in the force six years. I do not know the six officers. I know Lena Carey and Lena Gray. 1 have not boasted that I have been more than intimate with them. Mr. Smith— What would you say of a man who looked through a window at undressing females? Witness— I should say that he onght to be horsewhipped. I have been chaffed about being the person referred to in the Bulletin some time ago. The name Solomon did not occur in the Bulletin. It was about two years ago. The ladies referred to as the "six officers" were heie then. Mrs. Ford was one of them. She is here now. I did not ask her to say it was some one else. Mr. Smith—Did you not tell a person named Isaacs. Is Isaac going to otier himself as an oblation for Solomon's sins. It was Abraham in the old time; now it is Isaac. (Laughter.) Witness—I did not. Never heard Mrs. Ford mention the circumstance of any one watching the ladies dressing. I asked her about it. She was a child, when I knew her first, and 1 thought she could clear my name, as she, being connected with the btage, might have seen the affair. 3 here are very few others besides her here who were connected with that opera. I do not know whether she was the one "that screamed. I did not look through the window. Mrs. Ford used to be Sophia Harris. Mr. Smith— Can you say whethei she was present when a young man and a tomcat were looking through at nude females ? Witness—No, I cannot. I did not mention anything about the puS powdering. She told me what she knew about it, and I got a letter from her, since the article. She said nothing about Isaacs in the letter. I did not suggest Isaacs. I know a bookmaker named Isaacs. He was not the Isaacs. (The letter from Mrs. Ford was produced, and was to the effect that Mr. Solomon was not the gentleman who was discovered at the Theatre Royal on the occasion.) Mr. Wadey sought to put the letter in. Mr. Smith said it was very ,good Wadey, but not good law. The letter was not evidence. Mr. Beddome said he did not see how the letter could be put in. Witness—The letter was handed to me by Mrs Ford's mother. Mr. Smith—Who talked to you about Isaacs and not Solomon being powdered? Witness—Some one said it was Isaacs. The lady said she thought it was. I did not suggest Isaacs to her. When 1 spoke to her I asked her if it was I, and she said " No." If she knew the person, or if she would know the name if she heard it. I suggested the name of Isaacs, and she said " Yes." It was not Isaacs, the bookmaker. I came to the conclusion that that was the person by the description. Mr. Smith—You do not mean the Isaac who was offered up end the ram saved? (Laughter.) Witness—lam not bound to say who the person was. I had several Isaacs in my mind. I meant a young fellow employed at Isaacs' place in Hindley-street. He is the eon of Mr. Isaacs,who waaa clothier onetime. Ibelievehis name is Michael Isaacs. From Mrs. Ford's description she meant the same person. I went to several of the theatre hands, and they gave me the same description, bnt did not mention Isaacs. I would not swear that they did not. Last time I saw Isaacs was when he was going away in a steamer for either Melbourne or Sydney. (Mr. Smith—"I thought it was an Isaacs who had gone away.") I cannot remember the date. It was not eight vears before I knew Sirs. Ford as a cliild. It was as near as I can say about three months ago 1 bad not discovered then that he was the man who was powdered end puffed. The article in tha Bulletin was that the person whose name proclaimed him to be of the Jewjsh persuasion had done what was described. It was not a month afterwards, and might have been the following week. I was chaffed by my military frienks about it -within two or three weeks afterwards in the Military Club. The only person I tooK notice of it to was Sergeant^ Major Lilywhite. I treated it a a joke. They did not seek to test whether there were any marks left by the ladies on my body. Did not remember being bandied while I waa being chaffed at the Club. W ould swear that any such thing was done. 1 very seldom get drunk. |Do n it remember having shown the photograph of a person of bad reputation whom I wished to take to a party to be given by the Military Club. I remember tbere was a surplus after a ball. 1'he members agreed to spend the money in a dinner, and each officer was to bring a lady. The person I proposed was not of bad character. Don't know if the motion brought in was to exclude this person. May have dons s.i for a lark. Have been called by the nickname of " B Battery Ram." Why, I don't know. Have boasted of knowing one or two of the ladies known as the "officers." Will not swear I have not boasted of having had improper intimacy with them. The article in the Bunyip was read in the Non-Commissioned Officers' Club in my hearing. Did not adopt it with signs of pleasure. Those present tbeught it referred to me. This was after the case was in my solicitors' hands. I did not take steps with regard to the article in the Bulletin, because there was no direct reference to me. Can swear the name of Solomon wan not mentioned. It did not refer to a person in the volunteers. Have altered the appendages to my face two or_ three times. Some time ago I had small side whiskers. The having them taken off did not make me more like the Isaacs, who has gone away. I did not get on tberoof of Mrs. McDonald's roof to look through at the young ladies. Was never powdered by them. Don't know whether I saw the "Tambour Ma'or" here, Was neuer inside the dressing- room. Never tried to see them dressing. Denied having done so to my comrades. Have contradicted the statement in the Bunyip to Sergeant Lillywliite. May have passed it off as a joke to Sergeant Stacy. I know Lena Grey. If she says I was the one who looked through the window she tells an untruth. Cclonel Downes, Commandant of Forces of South Australia, deposed—Did not know the complainant in plain clothes. Sergeant Moss L Solomon, of B Battery Aitillery, did apply for a commission in the artillery within the last two or three months. Had seen the article in the Bunyip of March 23. It referred to three persons. The first portion referred to Sergeant Solomon, of the artillery (B Battery); the second portion to Lieutenant Daniels, of Adelaide Rifles, and the third part to Captain Cuxtis, of the Adelaide Rifles. The commission was refused to Sergeant M. L Solomon, but he had passed his examination, though he had not yet been recommended by witness to the Government because of the article in question. By Mr. Smith—If any member of the force had acted in the way indicated in the article he would deem it a favour to know it, but did not care about being informed anonymously. Would have it from such a source rather than not know it all alL A few days before the article was shown to him complaints referring to the same matter with regard to informant were made to witness. Should say that was previous to Good Friday. Benjamin Solomon, major commanding B Battery, stated that he knew the prosecutor, who held the position of sergeant in the same battery. He applied through witness for a lieutenancy. The article in question, which be had read, referred to Sergeant Solomon. By Mr. Smith—If a junior officer knew that a man in the hatters was guilty of the condnct referred to he should communicate the fact to his superior officer. [Left bitting.] PORT ADELAIDE : SATURDAY, APRIL 14. [Before Mr. R. J. Turner. S.M.] Patrick Curran was charged with having no visible means of support. Defendant Eaid he was going to work his passage to Newcastle, and His Worship ordered enquiries to made as to whether this was correct. Julian Winter was charged with stealing a watch, the property of Thomas Lowry, at Port Adelaide, on Apnl 24. Mr. MacDiarmid for prisoner. Remanded till Friday that the prosecutor, who is on board the Birksgate, may be present. Curran was brought up after enquiries had been made at the Glaucus, and was sentenced to fourteen days' imprisonment. THIS DAY. PORT ADELAIDE : MONDAY, APRIL 10. [Before Mr. R. J. Turner, S.M.] Louis Deltry, a small boy, was charged, on the information ot his father, with being an uncontrol child. To be sent to the Reformatory till sixteen able years of age. William Watson, labourer, was charged, on the information of Mrs. Greenberg, with unlawfully assaulting the informant, with intent, at Port Adelaide, on April 15. The case was heard with closed doors. It appeared that de fendant went to her house, and asked if there was a man named Watson living there. She (Mrs. Greenberg) spoke to him about coming in the house, and he said " Won't you kiss me:" to which she replied " No.' He then clasped her round the neck and partially assaulted her. She got loose and ran a short distance, but he caught her again, dragged her to her yard and pushed her down on the ground. She then screamed out, and some one came to her help. He had been trying to take liberties with her but was unable to. ILeft Sitting.) ° MAGISTRATES' COURT. THIS DAY. NORWOOD : MONDAY, APRIL 16. [Before Mr. T. Caterer, J.P.J Henry Clarke, John Turner, and Richard Lee, charged with using indecent language, pleaded guilty, and were fined £s. each. James Davis, for being drunk and using indecent language, w-aB fined 10s., or in default seven days. Richard Lee pleaded not guilty to resisting the police. Constables Singleton.and Bennets deposed that the prisoner was violent, and attempted to get away, and by so doing injured the hand of Constable Singleton. He was fined £2 and costs, or 14 days. J as. Bell was charged with using indecent language. Fined 10s. 