C6e ©aflp ^etosf^ MONDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1888. Mr. and Mrs. Burnett wOl return from Geraldton by the s. Otway, which wfll be due at Fremantle on Friday next. To-day is the 29th anniversary of_ one, of, the famous - engagements . of 'the ever memorable Crimean campaign — that of the Battle of Inkerman, which took place on the 5th November, 1854. . ' The South Australian Register contains the following paragraph with reference to Mr. Julian Harper, who obtained a short leave of absence after his return from Roe bourne and proceeded to Adelaide a few weeks ago : — ' Captain Haggard having re^ ? signed his position as Aide-de-camp to His Excellency the Governor, Mr. Julian F. Harper, barrister, of Western Australia, has been appointed to the positions' 'Captain Haggard will act as extra Aide-de-camp, and will resume his connection with the Customs.' ? ...:?- ..... A correspondent, styling himself ' Church man,' writes : — 'I- 'was pained on'reading a paragraph in one- of your contemporaries a few days ago, which dealt in~an exceed ingly ? mean,-: sarcastic' manner' with the opinions of a coixespondent- — Cui Bono— on. the great Angloiliraelite question. I was specially painied' because I pity from' my. heart any man 'who' holds religious' '(?) views apparently similar to- those known ' to i-e' held by the^ Editor of your censorious con temporary. ? If a man is sincere m his religions convictions ? he is '-worthy of ' all respect 'and encouragement. ???- 'Despair- noti' O ye Angelo-Tsraelitba, but x&gbiceJ;* ? '?? '*??? '± We learned' this morning-' that a private boat-race wfll take : place about- an: hour iafter the closed of the'Perth-JBegi^Jbn Friday afternoon: :-The bbatsJ; which up* td- the present 'are knOMi. to bercompetitors are » the following : Mr. J. E. Mitchell's '*Flyingc Scud,'- Mr. McCleery'&, T^ed' Herring,' Capt 6'Gradjfs it Jfcinrfsher//! Mr. W. Bate 'nianrs ' Sudden Jerk^TMr. Jo^ephsonJ&j;^Tx}^ ( ^cycle,**' Mr. W^ A. Chamberlain*s~ 'TMal Mr. Caesar's ^.Volcano/'j^aSy^pther^ ^afe owners desarori^bf eiiLejSiig^thajr crafi?''can do so by apjgiym^''t»3^Pfe f*-€*ra-S£(*w- Secretary) orto Mir.X M^leCTy.OPre^sprer)^ Fremafrttf e ^ortd Mr.' 'A. Siivester'CAssistant Secretary); zn^Perthv c. L -J- '?' i » ' ?-- m ^ -i ?;'??? On Saturday . afternoon engine .No.: ;.5, attached lt6 the two _ o'clocS tetin from, Fremantle,:. broke- down- near- the '^Subiacb platform through theJeaking.oJ: the tubesL By nnconpling- J&y-m;,.the. carriages^^-pie driver (Keady- managed lid Lget ' his' esagme' to the. top .of. the. decline/ which leads in from Boundary-street, the mpmentom tlie engine* ^arnea -1 in 'its descent^' proving ^sufficient tobrpig it along ; to- the x Staffioiti^ A spare -engine wasj grompttj; despatched, along the' line 'for the' carriages, and some little delay occurred in despatching ^-the ^return train, toy which ;the broken-down .engine was attached and taken back to the workshops 'at Fremantle. : ... ,,*..?;.[.?;!..'!! ?:?? The South Australian Advertiser. Ba.js-- - Mr. E Hounslow,, Seamen's Missionary, desires attention to hefcalled to the circum stances of the vwidow- of Captain! Jenkins,' drowned -through -the -capsizmg- Jof-TL libaC'at; Vasse, Western Australia. The,, decreased; was married from Port Adelaide, to which his widow ;has'-TeturnedV:in. delicate Health!' She has : been rendered ; destitute1 by the death of-.a ^mariner greatly xegpectedL ? Cap-' tain Jenkins was an .expert swimmer, but still risked his life, in attempting to reach the shore so that he might 'give his men a .better chance. All the ready money that; he: -hadj^iilO)^ was on:.hin«, when-.drojvned, and was, consequehlly jost. , , The .pe&ple; .in Vasse collected ~'£2& for ' MrsI' Jeiakms, but the Mayor and other .prominenti gentlemen of Port ' Adelaide 5 have ' stinted ', a subscrip tion to farther provide for the widow. . ' , The Sydney Biulieufirtsa.ysi7-1-iie Quiricey would have appreciated : this.1 When we wrote about ' murder-as a fine art,' he was not aware of how very fine an art it is in 'the right.? hands.' -Twoi men murdered another. at Rbjonup, W.A-- ashorfctimeaga. They murdered him to get some . money ? he had. After the gory, deed: was done they ,had some difficulty in; disposing of the body. Which tKey solved by cremation^ Then, through, .some fatal instinct, or perhaps becauseof some morbid delight they had in carrying about .the dust dOiheir victim with them, they put the asb.es into a box and carried' it with them. - Of course they were found- ant. ; - And -to r- mate- ; the affair still more piquant^ they; were -conveyed to Perth sitting -.on this very box.:' -It naust have been, a highly-spiced sensation to feel that the dust of .the .murdered .man was therfr — ready, as, it were, at any moment to :turn 'bloody at. their, touch.. , And at night his ghost very 'likely sat down 'between them to keep them company. It is well that only a few people know the pleasure ? of murder, or there would be a gallows at every street corner. ????'? ? *- The Australasian Shipping News of -October 20 reproduces from the columns of the New York Times the following story of an immense turtle: — -A few- days ago .an .American schooner met with a remarkable, not to say unprecedented, turtle. The reptile was sleeping peacefully on the, sur face of the water in the neighborhood of the banks, and when it was first seen it was supposed to be the hull of a capsized vessel. On approaching, close to, it, however, the schooner's people' saw that the supposed hull was a turtle about 60 feet long and 40 feet broad. As it was decidedly larger than thei schooner, the latter wisely forbore to | af'-empt to capture -it and sailed away, leaving the turtle directly in the path of the Atlantic steamers, any ene of which vessels : may run into it. , The existence of gigantic .turtles of ; the 'dimensions of the one in question has' never, been suspected, chiefly because such excessive n.-miii'«.Tg have never before been seen. When we remember that a turtle 60 feet long and 40 feet wide must draw at least 15 feet of water, -we can understand that such turtles have never approached near enough to the land to be seen, much less to' be pursued1 and- turned on their backs by floating derricks. It is probable that they spend nearly all their time b*ilow the surface of the water, coming up to breathe only at nighfc. ' With such habits it is no wonder that no one has seen a 60-ft. turtle until the ether day. If the sea contains turtles as large as a small-sized island, they must be exceedingly dangerous to' shipping. ;Ea steamer runs into the turtle seen- by the American schooner, that steamer will be wrecked as certainly as if she were to run on one of the ScDly Islands. Turtles, even when floating on. the surface of the water, lie so low that they can be seen with .difficulty, and as they carry no side-lights it is quite impossible to see them after dark. The simple fact is that the commerce of the world is at the mercy of the turtles, and we shall never know how many of the vessels that are reported ' missing' have struck on turtles and gone to the bottom without a moment's warning. The experience of the captain and crew of the American schooner already mentioned may, however, be interpreted as an evidence of the terrible effects of adulterated liquors. Pure whisky, as is well known, leads to discoveries of sea serpents. The liquor that results in gigantic turtles must be a -horrible compound, and in the interest of 'science the people of the American schooner should tell where they procured their liquor, and submit a specimen of it— if any remains— to some competent chemist for analysis. . . 