Imlfp a nit Miss* Stotford*s~ Specialty. ( Concluded.) ' " S it "hadrheen difficult jo. drajv.j, deolara tioii of love from Singleton, it was yet more impossible:tolelioitfro4,h^>Wie*Pre8S!011 of jeqlonsly. His .attention and devotion the utmost serenity, o£ tamper un&er; bircum-" atop pea,.whioh .might easily'rhave.ruffled .the BweeteBlt ,Va,turei.'' Only, Agath'&.fyfticeil. ohe chahjge, An# vfWi jthat,jfte ft&k;^lT lefi'' ^6utWfoir 'future thati'life liad acbe,at firiat.' ¥<ff this ah ecbtila not'helpUteifrg£fca'$ful tt}' Mm. T-hedfiy, for their majTiage, bpwtevpiT was dra^injgneaiy tadworkojixhe'tifod&Beau; had-begiih. ' The |u^'befonChKstei^B they were Mm1 tpgetfier inAg&tha;'s sittirife-roonii "tfwHw oort^-ewt'wihd1 wfo sw'e'^pitie' artiiSnd^Hp hoiise and \r nl i lig throng tt th elesftABBl W6®sf typy/andlheii thefcleetwas driven*fi|i:^eTile( mentiyagainstthe'wih'dow.'' ,r> . "r.thinkX never shin bevM-in'aidln/'; wid'Agatha.7;!|T.""" T'/'-1'-4 She waa sifting in a toto.eiuy-chair, (llraivh close, to thVfir-4. her'feW'resting 'oh thfc fencer,, ^jtier tteaa lyfni" ijn'% ''Velvet' cjjaKioh,('he,r 'smallwhite 'hands': tlparklihjj' withrtigsclksp'ed, othfirwi.^'She looked' tiie veWeiiibodltoeiit of inSolence ahd'com-' fort.'.,. ^ i Siiiclefcoii did botinukke' fen tabsW6r,' He ^as standmg witih Ilia irfiiB 'r^itii&jj; on'thWihan4; telpiece., 'V ' 1"V " 1 " "Why don't you speak?" she askfed, with 8,ome asperity, ... ' VI didn't hearwhat yoti faere saying," he replied. ' * "■JToii never do," she rejoined, liromptly, " when I have_to apeak' ahotit'any siflteriiig of mine." " ' "* ' " " Are you suffering, dear!" he asked, look ing up. " Yea, of ctmrsBl am. You know how this weather makes me feal.'L The clock strac^ half-past ten—the, hour when jSingletori al^aya took h^s. leave. " "Agatha," lie said, a little nervously', -,kI want to ask something of ;yoii. 7 "Do you,"she replied, wearilyjif'well, what is it?" '■ .i. - . i' . . . "I Want to stay with you: to-night until eleven." / '■ 1 ■r' 1 . • "Oh,'hpt:t6-ril£ht''»he said, perhaps with' more protestation; in her voice than' sne. was even aware of. '' My heail achei, and jlj want to go to be <3, and see if Ican't getwarm there." " Only this.once, dear," he eabreated. . She made ni reply. . . i. . \- " Forgive me, . Agatha f I was a selfish brute. Youaren'ttoo angry to say good night, are you ?" '' ' She could not fall to see the effort he made to hide'the qiiiver'of pain in Mb voioe, and, glancing up, she saw inhia eyes'such a look of pleading that even her notyery susceptible heart was touched. < " There, there, you .needn't £0," she aaid. '.'.I ;poke to you more crossly than I should have done;' Half an hour .longer won't kill meknd if you will 'be-vexed with me I can't help it." - "Vexed with you?" ''he 'said, kneeling down beside hen " How doyon think that could ever be 1" ' ; Then he put his arms aronnd her,. and dre w her head on hiB shoulder. ; ■ For the next half hour there was complete silence between, them... ,Inside, ,;the ijre flickered, and held low converse" with itself4 and 'outside, the insatiable wind wailed, on. When the clock 8truck eleven, he arose, and Agatha arose, too. : ■ "Thank you," he'said, " for letting me stay.. I. know you won't be sorry for il, hereafter." And as he stood there; holding both her hands ut his, fhe ga$r\ %ain in his eyea thatBtrahge. pleaJiiig look. "Aren'tyou happy," she asked. "You seem as sober as a judge." "Could a man who believed in your love be other than happy ?" At the door, he turned back, drew her close to his heart once more,-and then kissed her again, long and lovingly. And then he ifrerit. "Gone at last," she thought, with a sigh of relief, as she heard the hall-door close behind him. Then she went straight up to bed. Miss Stotford was not an early riser. Be fore meeting the outside distractions of the day, she perused the firBt delivery of letters over morning coffee in her own room. This morning's mail brought her many seasonable cards, but, oddly enough, only one letter. She .was familiar with the delicate, almost feminine handwriting—it was fromSingleton. Shortly after iheir engagement he had been much addicted to the habit of .posting her a letter before going to. bed, but latterly he eeemed to have broken himself- of the prac tice. Indifferently at first, yet with ever increasing interest, she read ::: " Harley street, Dec. 24, 1 'a.m. " My Darlihg,—I wish ihis, letter to be as little of a shock to you aspoaaible. On the 24th of May last, ^eyen months ago to day, you told me that you loved me.' , That you were sincere , then in thinking so, that you even try to think so now,'I do not for a moment doubt. Indeed, I believed in your love most implicitly till voter .retdrn from Switzerland. Then, a doubt of' it grew into my . mind. ,1 watched you carefully, and watched my own heart carefully, too." [" Now for the jealousy," .thought Agatha, as she settled herself more comfortably for a further perusal.] "I know something of the human heart, and I know how a woman appears when she iB really in love with a man. At length my doubts grew into an unalterable conviction that if' you had ever loved me—if, indeed, you had qot from the 'first, out of the very nobility of your Mature, mietaken pity for love—the . feeling, uncon Sjiously, perhaps, to yourself, was dying out. Only great love on your partooiild ever have tendered poBBible the life yov would-have led as the wife of a man so unfortunate as I am. But I do not offer to free you" [Agatha's heart -dropped a- little], for I know your extreme sensitiveness would suffer from a mistaken Bensc that you had. failed'toward me. I know you would repudiate all I could say; for, in your noble desire to build up a ruined life, you would, .for once, be oapable of deception. But, Agatha, my. love, what would it. be to me to Bee you ^iiiwly fading before my eyes ?. Yet I am a weak man, tad, if you held the-cup to my thirsty lips, could they help drinking? 'No, I -do not'offer you your freedom ; Igive .it to you—rrt^'Ohrist mas gift. When you repl this'letter I.shall be so far awav frbm you that no pain and no joy can follow.me. \\_.'; ''Had I never known your . Jove, I could have had .keen pleasure your.friendship,; but after knovying your love,.your friendship would be an intolerable torment.. Life holds nothing! more fori me ; but my death -will be painless. I shall die-happy, for I shaU'con jure up from the 'past, to take with me out of the world, a vision'of that'Ideav. Hay evening. Do you rera'cm be[y I wo(bder^ how I .came in, and found you in. the' tWilight ? You were lying oh th'e.aofa, and I took alow chair and sat cloae by you—the chair'which, stood between the windows. You .had a grey silk dress on, and a red lose in your hair that I thieved before I went away. I shall hear, again the tenderness of your voice, .as you told me that you loved me. . I shall feel' again—ah, no, I shall not feel that—my blood :thrill under your touch, uuderthe first confident answering impie-sion of your lips. Never to ieel that agaii) I—ihis if is which liumanB me ahii Jii' kfs me weak; Last night,'' in that extra half hour which you granted 3iS2Ug but^O-fay: 'Herel Lgatha/AptS^, tOBtej-JtfPtbpdn, to kiss I —and in a few hours she Be just as far \ off as the first day of creation J Oh, my love, never to see yon a^ainl" i. 1^ateri "Dear, I am qnite calm now. In a very little while I shall long for nothing any more. ments,my whole heart goes out in blessing toiytra.' Btttffor you.-pernabs, I should have lived'ottt'a long and {Midfal life, iprodaetivei ofubjoy tofoys'elfbr Others. Iihavo neither! :fatheV w mbtaer—no ,otie"to sadden ibyihy'. lbto. ' Itshottldllieverhave'doub1 anything' r&ally; good in- trt^Mr. Stotfot-d Will-tell you1 so-i-£o r«m em»?l loss there.; You gave^mei threi'mohthBof dtvibeiiappmesb, andl'shalli now%tftn "to the' thought'of that time-as •> bridegroom turns >to his bride. ■ Good'bye, my idariiug. and may- some power ever bless and guide ybuj 1:1/ i<-.. ;i :G.S.-"' 1 —Maay 'times1 the lettef had fallen? from Agatha's1 fingers while^she'read. - Nbtf she helcl it orushed inher hand. Did'Singletoni mein iallhebad saidr Ooiild this thing really .be? Was 'her lo vernblonger in this I world,'and'if to; wab -she not, ;in»i way, > £uilty'6f"his' death ? •' Her blood 'trirnedito ice 'and'herteeth chattored.Thjgjtfiwitha sudden impulse,- the rose and: djMpfL She' half- thought'she thlghtdoSOUwHrag.' Yet whatcauWshb dot Only britylpHig she knew She 'must appear igno"r)atit of What this letter JlmYMdu'toto,'1 '1 When dhe*vent to thMjjrehWast-table there wfia noteainaayingttiijmot' thatehe Wasill; for-hei"face'was dajftmeas death.-She tried ittvaiil toeat. " No, Ifcan't take anything," she Said/at last. ' " t will go'to my own room,' and try to getwarmthere." Mrs. Stbtfbrd and Adelaide followed her, with the kindest intentions. "I hope, dear," said Mrs1; Stotfbrd, inher cheerful ' voice—more cheerful' than -usual, by:virtue of the Season—" I hope, yon made Gfcorge: promise to be with' ns early to-inor row.y : ' '' ' ' ' ' ' Poor Agatha :| What exquisite agonies of remorse :*he experienced as She remem bered that *he~hadpromis6d to go to churoh with the Gardiners, and then to lunoh with them. " I don't think he'll come before dinner," she answered, faintly. . 1 "I 'db thinkGeorge'Jsl'an angel," said MiSs'Aflelalde; emphatically,' " to be so sweet over ybur'fHfendstiip with the Glardin ers. I know if I were a man I shouldn't like it.'" • ' ■"Please, don't talk, entreated Agatha. "Iknowybiinfean it all as kindness, but I would1 rither be let-alone.' head it bursting." "Well, comeaway, 'Addle," said' Mrs. Stotfoi'd. " We tiave -enough' todo with puttingupthe holly lahd mistletoe.. You can't trust matters likethat to servants. Of course, ifs not their fahlt that they oan't do it artistically. ' Perhaps'when Agatha's a little warmer she'll lie down'on'the'sbfa and get,a'sleep; V Thit will be the best thing for erl She just has a bad, feverish cold, as anyone could' see." . So they left her alone, and she crouched before the fire, shi vering and shaking as with theague. Surely, he nfight yet have repented of his rash resolve. Still, if he had, would be not Have Bent her word ?. The Bilence was omin Oub. 'All the time she kept asking herself how far she, Agatha, was responsible if he had' done this thing.- If he must go away, why not have gone to Australia, where he need never have seen her again ? Of course, itwis hot in her to understand' how the thought of love won and lost can turn life into a present helL ' At.the sound of every footfall, she started as if 'a, ghostly hand had ! beenlaidbnher shoulder. At'the postman's IshaVp kiiock her heart leaped In her, And 1 then Btood still. About four o'clock came Reginald and ! Maude Gardiner to see her. "! i "We heard from Mrs. Stotford," Maude j said, " that you were ill; but you look ' frightfully, child. What's the mattor ?" "Oh, nothing much," moaned Agatha. " I shall be better soon." "This hand is cold," remarked Reginald. ," Let me see if the other one is equally ill ' behaved." I "Don't,"she said, almost fiercely, draw ; ing her hand abruptly away. "Are you cross with me?" asked Reginald, I in his sweetest tone of voice. i " I am ill. Don't you see I am ?" " Low spirited," observed Maude. " Precisely so," replied Reginald. " Per | haps it would cheer you to hear the oontents of the evening paper." Then, taking a Standard from his pocket, 1 he began reading. i " ' The latest telegrams from the seat of ! war.' Ah 1 it appears to have done wonders, i Actually, five hundred soldiers of the Eng. ■ lish army encountered and defeated two hun jdred natives with considerable slaughter. Christmas in the East End.' How I do ; hate all this cant about the season 1 'Alarm 1 ing Fire iu the City,'. < Those Cabmen again.' j \Police Reports.' Anything there you'd like? i' A Strange Breach of Promise Case.' ' Great [Wrecks off Dover.' I should think so,.with such a devil of a wind as we've been having. '.The Suicide in Harley street.' " " A.h 1 what's that?" asked Maude. " I'm always interested in suicideB." " Morbid propensity, child," in Reginald's tone of brotherly superiority. Agatha's heart leaped in her with an in-, audible cry. "We must have light on the subject," said Reginald, stirring the fire into a bright ; blaze. ' "Really, Reginald, you should not jest ;on such a serious subject," remonstrated : Maude. " JeBt ? I'm sober as a judge at a coroner's : inquest. Listen: •'' Mr. John Hales, surgeon in Harley st., was summoned this morning about 10 to No. ' 26, where he found—' " And suddenly Reginald stopped. " Why don't you go on ?" inquired Maude. He turned the paper toward her, pointing to the paragraph. "Oh, .great heaven J It can't be. Oh, Agatha, darling." And she flung her arms around Agatha's neck. But Agatha seized the paper, which Reginald feigned to detain from her, flashed her eyes down 'the column, and saw what she knew she would see—George Singleton's name. " Hush I Hush !" said Reginald to Maude, who with difficulty stifled her soba. Then the three 'sat for a minute .or two in awful silence. Then Agatha rose, stood erect for a mo ment, as if she were about to walk out of the room, ariii'then suddenly! ujtli a wild ciy of horror, fell'forward in .a deathly swoon. She would have dropped to the .ground, but Regi nald caught her in his arms, "How'she did love that poor fellow'I•' he thought, while Maude ran in haste to find Mrs. Stotford. Of course,_Agatha was at.once put to bed, and the family physician was sent for. When he heard all the circumstances of the case, saw Agatha's unnaturally bright eyes, felt her qiiick pulse, and listeued to her wild and incoherent wanderings, lie could not disguise from the family his apprehensions of brain fever. ' " It was a critical case," he said ; " but if she could,get,a night's sleep, the danger might be averted." ' : About the.small hours, Agatha's wander ings ceased, and a heavy sleep fell upon her and saved her. It was three o'clobk on Cliristmap Day when she awoke. The bells were ringing ,for afternoon service. At' flrit she thought it' must be Sunday morning, ^n^l'that she had striate. ,Then ,sb$J^an»t«. wpnd^&t;^eh Btwfcge<edihg;'as ifShe'had featruisa&'ajl' over, and tJ&j;&ise; of blended weakoassjrta clearness in Trefne&d.; Then very gradually, yes, and very gently, too, she remembered iTIThT^nTB"#TK®%Kdmnf3^,"Saa-Sb oepted them as one too weak to feel surprise.: There were two great facts—Sinjgleton wafe jftnrt yhft yjpp-fmn^- ,7 At the expiration of a week, Agatlia once* more appeared -iri hpiv.Iittle ■ sittiugrroom., The friendaiwho ttv iher ;said; that'« saintly resignation had/bfcautified vherjfjflS.fl'ho, troth was-thatslie ihad settled., with iherown• oonsoienoe very satisfactorily', and^eoid^ ;that Bhe was.iBm,rpm»teBt way.chargeable with Singleton's "death.™ She had certainly f^ied^pp tnyrp dupng her engagement ^han, many other.W9meVshe-;knewy atid H war Singl«tonV 6wii fault If he had deceived herby keeping from i her what hereally-felt, and,s6 presented; her -from bdhaviog differs ently, "jN6-t4t)ta,aa his own inorbjd.'sebsi:} tiveness that had driven him to his ownrash ittKH t -ii : - -t:i i • "\ii-j.';7 ■ -Jh heriheavy mourning,and with her face jsoi pale-1—Cor :«he really> iad been ill—she jlbokeSfarmoreinterestmgthan of old. Only - fonr jnea were privileged! to come and see her, and'they only ? as ministering angels. There iWasWilliam Poynter,: a captivating young tebor, for music noothed .her; then,, by way ofgentle stimulant, Mr. Jno. Barker,, poetand critic, came to read and explain.; ; difficult passages in Browning. Then, as her. ' religious opinions iiad got somewhat out -of; order-^-She was (he only one in that set who! hbd any,* atid'Wasinolined to make a'point; of them—the handsome young High-church clergyman, Mr'. .Augustus' St. Glair, came in to overhaul the spiritual maohiaery.. And: lastly, and by .right of the family friend ship, most: frequently, -came Reginald, .to divert < her by planning an Indian tour for tiie autumn.. , v . • iBufc, after allj decorous flirtations ihre o'entlyasaumed - orape are bat tame. Sighs and . looks of 'gratitude murt take the place ofiaughter Had Tapartee.i Agatha grewitired of loa^^oontinued endeavors dot to look quite so resigned: as «he: felt./ 'The tenor's imnsic. polled .on herjshe got sleepy overBalaus-. tion's 'Adventure j'^ehe regained her usual tranquil Satisfaction; with the> state. of her religions views andf unctions She dismissed all ^her ministering angels,. except Reginald, with whomehefelt inore at ease than inth theothers.' ■ *■i•• • WheritAe ramrner oame, she was < glad-to' escape;from -London.. Seaiide and hillside brought hbr their'balm^ She ooncluded that, even without aipecialty,'life might be a very good thing. She returried -'to town:bright and beaming, I do not think that Singleton's ghost haunted her, even <on the day. before' (Jhristmas.' ■■ . ■• - .... ' The next summer, she fulfilled hernatural calling by marrying. -The bridegroom,' how~ ever, was not Reginald. • He proposed, indeed, but she took: three .months tocou sider. During that period of probation; the met the son of a very--rich picture-dealer. As was natural for a painter, Mr.Stotfoird furthered this alliance ; and the young man, if not quite so handsome aB Reginald, was very much richer. Like a dutiful girl, she obliged her father, as he had before obliged her. Reginald, I must confess, found very, speedy consolation. It is not the handsome Reginalds of the world who die t>? broken hearts. ,/ The reputation for nobility which had been purchased by her engagement to the unfortunate Singleton never quite forsook Agatha. /. "Ah I" said her romantio ffriende, "her life was really over when that poor young fellow died. She married just to please her father." Of course, there were not wanting unfeel ing people to make irreverent remarks ; but of such persons we have nothing to say. She lived as tranquilly as-such women do. If «he had no vivid, joyain—her days, jshe-had:no keen pains. As time wore on, sometimes, in the dead watches of the night, or in the glare of a crowded theatre, she would sud denly be confronted with the past from which she had escaped, and meet the look of sad, beseeching eyes—eyes sad, but never re proachful. At such moments she would feel suddenly faint, and grow dizzy; but the evil moments ; passed, and, save in those rare visions, she was. never disturbed by the. | memory of her first engagement. —Scribnet's Monthly. 