THE PRESBYTERIAN ASSEMBLY AND THE STRONG CASE. TO TUP- KUlTOll OF TUB AUGUfl. Sir,-Hie General Assembly of the Pres- byterian Church of Victoria is about to adju diente upon what may veiy properly be called a phantom chninc biought uguinst the Itev Charles Strong It is not my intention heie to chullen"e the junsdiction of the tubunul, or the regularity of the proposed proceedings, but I wish to point out that hav ing ic,ard to the fact that the charge is one of suspected non mihi renee to the Ht m duids muí to the further luct that it is moro than suspected that some who will haven legal ii"htto sit in judgment on Mr Strong ure cquitibly disqualified Ironi doing so by reason ot their own non adherence Ncithei the geneinl public svho regard the proceed in0s us a persecution nor those adlieients of the chinch who ate jc linns ot the îeputation ot its súpleme couit, will be satisfied unless the tttbuuttl dealing with this particular case consists only ol members altogether frcefiom mi) possible suspicion ot such disquuliiica lion Io meet this scry ginse diiliculty nnd Mime the appiobiition und conlidence of all pintles I would stiegest that each member of the assembly, betöre tul ing lus seat sub scribe a decimation of his own unqualified adheieiicc to each and cscry do"mu pio pounded by the st indurds , and, to piotect inch dcrlnrint from ii tieacheions memory 01 imputed cnelcssness let a list be made out of the most debit iblc do"mas in separate paingi iphs svith ii slide margin opposite to each, and let the declarant svrite and sign with his name the following déclaration opposite each such parn"iaph - ' All this I vctily believe in the plum mid common si use of Ihe woiels vt ithout cquno cation or mental lesenntion If 15 mem bcrs (the number rcqnuc 1 for a quoium) can be found vv hose consciences vv ill allow them to mai c such a dccliirnlion the) can pioceed with the case mid whatevei the xaluc ot then decision, they them elves will not be open to the censure to bt lound in Lomans ii 1 1 he following is the list 1 su""est should be used (thcdo0miis ure transcribed verbatim fiom the staiiduids, omitting only uiimutcuul woiels) - ( v) li) the decree of God some men and angels are predestinated unto eseilasting lite and others loicoidained to eicilastnig death 'I hose un_cls and men thus prcdes tinuted and forcoiduined are paiticulnrly and unchangeably designed and then number is so ceitun and definite that it cannot be either incicaseil or diminished-Con III 1,2 (n) It pleased Cod the 1 ather, bon, and Holy Ghost in the beginning to create or make ot nothing the world and all things therein vi hellier visible ot mv isible, ni the space ot six du) s-Con IV 1 (c) 'Hie mun may not mairy mi) of his wiles kindled nearer m blood than he mu) of his own nor the woman of her husband s kindled nearer in blood than of hti own - Con X\1V 4 (n) Hie Pope of P,omo is that antichrist, that mun ol stn, and sou of perdition that exaltcth himself m the church against Chnst and all that is cilled God-Con X\V 0 (l ) At the last day nil the dead shall be raised up svith the selfsame bodies und none other, although with diflerent qualities w Inch shall be united again to then bouls for evci -Con XWU 2 ( t ) '1 ho punishments of sin m the sv orld to come are everlasting senaratton troin the com fortable presence ot God, and most giievous torments m soul und body without nitci mission in hell lire for ever -Cat 29 At the day of judgment the wicked shall be cast mto hell, to be punished with unspenk able torments both of bodj und soul with the devil and his angels for ever -Cat bj It will be seen that I omit the dogmas of plenary inspiration, original sin, and the damnation of infanta w ho ure not elect or the children of elect parents I do so because they exist rather by necessary implication than express declaration -I am &o; KQUITY. Miss JUMMA THUIISB. has been offered lO.OOOdol. u year to sing in the choir of St. Bartholomew's Church in New York, on Sun- days. It is said that W. II. Vanderbilt will defray the expense. A SYNDICATS in Galveston proposes to build wharves out to deep water in the Gulf of Mexico. To do this they will try to borrow 0,000,OOOdol. of the state's surplus, which will exceed 5,000,000dol. two years hence, and will be 10,000,000dol. within five years if the state sellB the school lands. L 