ENTHRONEMENT OF BISHOP KENNION. THE INSTALLATION. The imposing ceremony of formally in stalling the second Anglican bishop of Ade laide took place at St. Peter's Cathedral on j the morning of March 7. By ten o'clock the cathedral was filled by a congregation com posed almost entirely of members of the Church of England, who had been admitted | by tickets bearing the names of the holders. One manifest advantage of this system waa that no unseemly crashing disturbed the appropriate decorum of the proceedings. In the theological college of St. Barnabas, im mediately opposite to the cathedral, those who were to have places in the procession assembled, and at the hour for begin aing the service, 10.30 am., the starting of the processional hymn 392 (A., and M.) was the signal for a move to the cathedral. First came thehonorarywardensofthecathedral followed by a lavge cumber of the lay synodsaien representing, the various churches of the diocese. These were followed by a chorister bearing one of the cathedral banners, and then the choir of forty- one boys and men. Next in order was another banner-bearer, who pre ceded the clergy, who marched in the folio v, ing order :— Deacons— Revs. M. M. Whifcton. S. Huisod, Leader. B.A., LL.B., and W. S. Moore ; Priests— Revs. C. H. Young, J. Smith, M.A, W. J. BusselL R. Kenny, M.A., S. French, M.A, J. Orchard, F. R. Coghlan, B.A., J. W. Goner, A. Sells, sen., M.A, F. T. Whitington, J. M. Donaldson, J. C. Haynes, J. Hougbton, R. B. Webb, M.A., H. Howitt, C. G. Taplin, F. S. Poole, M.A., W. H. Mudie. BL SL Pollitt, A. Honner, T. Field, M.A, R. Reid, E. K Miller, C. W. Hawkins, E. Jenkins, F. Williams, SLA., — Matthias, M.A. ; Hono rary CanonB— E. T. Ho well, M.A. ; C. W. Morse, M.A., S. Green, W. B. Andrews, A. Dendy, D.D. (cathedral precentor) ; Canon* — W. H. Coombs ; Archdeacons— C. Marryat M. A., (Adelaide), and G. Dove, M. A. (Flin ders), the Very Rev. Dean Russell, B.U. As the clergy end of the procession passed out of the college it was met by the bishop's chaplain (the Rev. Mr. Ranatorne, M.A.), bearing the pastoral staff — presented some years ago to the late bishop, and by him handed to Dr. Kennion— and followed by the bishop, who wore the robes usually adopted by the Angli can Episcopate, namely lawn rochet black satin chinere, and the scarf and hood of a doctor of divinity. Behind the bishop walked Mr. A. Stiircke, the registrar of the diocese. Upon entering the cathedral the cbvir and clergy took their places in the choir, and the bishop was conducted to the episcopal chair in, the same part of thebuQd ing, the dean and canons sitting immediately opposite to him. The cathedral altar was vested in a new white satin frontal, orna mented with a floriated cross in gold, and bad a purple superfrontal and two orphreys of the same color, the intention evidently being to unite the idea of the special festal service of the day with that of the current Lenten season. Four vases of white flowers rested upon the retable, and the general effect was chaste* and appropriate. As morning prayer bad been said at 7.30 o'clock the special service was at once begun by the precentor (Dr. Dendy), and choir in toning the lesser litany and versicles and responses of the daily office, the Dean adding the subjoined special collect for the occasion : — ' O Thou Good Shepherd of the sheep, who has gathered to Thyself a great flock in all parts of the world, assist with Thy heavenly grace all bishops and pastors that they may lead Thy people into good pastures and bring ? them safely to Thine eternal fold. And for this Thy ser vant who has been invested with the office of a bishop, we prayjbhat it may please Thee to grant him such strength of faith and fervor of love and purity of life that he may use bis office well. So we that are Thy people and the sheep of Thy pasture will give Thee thanks for ever : Who with the Father and the Holy Ghost livest and reignest one God, world without end. Amen.' The proper psalms exxii., exxxii, and cxxxiiL were then chanted. Stepping from his chair the bishop next banded his letters commendatory,from the Archbishop of Canterbury, to the dean, who passed them to the registrar to read to the assembled con gregation. The document set out the nomi nation of Archbishop Tait, and the Bishops of Winchester, Truro, Durham, and Bedford by the Synod of Adelaide as a selection com mittee ; the appointment by this episcopal committee of Dr. Kennion to the see of Ade laide ; and the consecration to the bishopric on St Andrew's Day last, November 30, in Westminster Abbey by the Bishop of Lon Jon — the Archbishop of Canterbury being prevented from officiating by the illnftss from which His Grace never rallied — assisted by a number of other prelate3, amoEgstwhom was Dr. Short, late of Ade laide. When the observance of all the ne cessary formalities had been communicated to the people by the reading of these com mendatory letters Bishop Kennion advanced into the centre of the choir, and facing the dean made the subjoined declaration :— '*I George Wyndham, Bishop of Adelaide, do hereby promise to respect, maintain, and defend the rights, privileges, and liberties of this Church and diocese, and to rule therein with truth, justice, and charity, not lord ing it over God's heritage, bat endeavor ing to show myself in all things an example to the nock. And this I will do, the Lord being my helper. Amen.' The dean now took the bishop by the right band and led his lordship to the episcopal throne within the altar rails, the bishop's chaplain preceding, and the canons of the cathedral following to their scats in the sanc tuary. Addressing the bishop, the dean said : — ' In the name of God, amen. By virtue of my office as dean of this cathedral church, and in behalf of the dean and chapter and of the synod of Adelaide. I, Alexander Russell, bachelor of divinity, do induct thee, George Wyndham Kennion, doctor of divinity, into the occupation of the see and diocese of Adelaide, and therewith do instal thee in the possession, authority, and juris diction which pertain to the bishop of this : see in accordance with the fundamental pro- ! visions and regulations of this diocese.' The act of installation having been thus ; officially completed, Dr. Kennion knelt for some time in silent prayer, while the choir sarg the anthem. The words were : — i 'Awake, awake, put on thy strength, O ' Zion : put on thy beautiful garments, O ; Jerusalem, the holy city ; from henceforth j there shall no more come unto thee the un- i circumcised and the unclean. Shake thvself j from the dust, arise, and sit down, O Jem- ! salem. Loose thyself from the bonds of thy : neck, O captive daughter of Zioa. How ! beautiful upon the mountains are the feet of j him that bringcth good tidings, that pub- | lishcth peace, that publisbetb salvation ; that ' saith unto Zion, ' Thy God reigneth !' Thy j watchmen shall lift up the voice; with the ' voice together shall they sing : for they shall see . eyetoeyewhentheLordshall bring againZion. ; Break forth into joy, sing together, ye waste '? places of Jerusalem, for the Lord hath com- i forted His people ; He hath redeemed Jeru- ' salem. The Lord hath made bare His Holy Arm in the eyes of all the nations, aud all the ends of the world have seen the salvation of our God. Break forth with joy, sing together, ' ye waste places of Jerusalem. Hallelujah, ' Amen.' Opening with a bright chorus, the i music passed into a solemn quartette at the ! words, ' How beautiful upon the mountains,' i &c;, and the tenors and basses alone rendered j the sentence beginning ' Thy watchmen shall I lift up the voice,' a massive chorus forming | the finale. The anthem is interesting, as t havingbeen composed by Dr. Stainer, organist j of St Paul's, London, for the installation of i Dr. Ernest Wilberforce, first bishop of the ! newly -formed see of Newcastle, England ; and I the Adelaide Cathedral choir rendered the ! inspiring and beautiful music with marked ! accuracy and power. The office of the holy communion for the fourth Sunday in Lent was next proceeded j with, the Bishop being celebrant, Archdeacon j Marryat cpistoler, and Archdeacon Dove gospeller. The music used was a setting by the cathedral organist, Mr. Boult, and though i simple in construction it well expresses the j devotional character of the service. After j the Nicene Creed the communion hymn, i 'Alleluia, sing to Jesus,' was sung, during ! which the bishop was conducted to the pulpit. ! His Lordship, it may be said, is of about - the middle height, dark and with a firm yet very pleasing countenance. His voice is rich and melodious, though not of more than ordinary power, but a refined and distinct accentuation allows of the bishop being easily heard. Dr. Kennion's style may be described as polished and fervid, his lordship frequently rising to the : warmth of genuine earnestness in the more stirring portions of his discourse. Although largely using manuscript, the bishop often introduced the extempore element as he proceeded, and thereby con siderably added to the effect of his address. His lordship preached an eloquent sermon on the text, 'I in them and Thou in Me,that£heymay be made perfect in one, and that the world may know that Thou has sent Me, and hast loved them as Taou has loved me.'— John xviL, 23. At the close of the sermon Dr. Kennion, with his chaplain, and the dean and chapter, returned to the altar, and the offertory sen tences were read by the precentor, and sung by the choir, while the alms of the congre gation were beiDg collected. The amount realised was £61, which with the evening col lection of £25, contributed £S6 to the fund for the completion of the cathedral. After the prayer for the church militant the ma jority of the congregation withdrew, and the communion office was continued, about two hundred clergymen and lay communicants receiving the sacrament At the close of the teryice, the hymn ' The church's one foun dation' was sung as a recessional. His Excellency the Governor, Lady Robinson, and suite, ana the Chief Justice were present during the ceremony. In connection with the enthronement it is interesting to recall that the first Anglican bishop of South Australia, Dr. Short, was in stalled in Trinity Church, North- terrace, on December 30, 1S47, two days after his arrival on Proclamation Day, in the barque Der vent, which had a 116 days' passage from England. The service upou the occasion was attended by about 200 people, together with the handful of clergy who formed Dr. .Short's first working staff. PRESENTATION OF ADDRESSES. After the service the bishop was intro duced to a number of the clergy and laity at St. Barnabas Theological College, and sub sequently an adjournment was made to the library, where a presentation of addresses took place. The Deax presented to hi3 lordship an address which had been prepared by' the Synod. He remarked that the address was very brief, as it was thought that it would rsct bo well to celebrate the arrival of tae bishop by anything resembling fulso-ne oi flattering words. The address, which was tastefully engrossed on vellum by Mr. G. Robertson, was' as fol lows : — ' To the-Right Rev. George Wyndham Kennion, by Divine permission Lord Bishop of Adelaide. Right Rev. Father in God— We, the Sj nod of the dioceee of Adelaide, desire to olier you a cordial and affectionate wel come on your arrival amongst us, and to assure you that you may rely on our co operation with your'lordship in the measures you may take for the good of the church. When the Synod delegated the election of our bishop to the late revered Archbishop of Canterbury and other Fnglish bishops our prayers were offered to God that it would please Him to afford to those men Hia divine puidacce in choosing one who would be to us a true chief pastor. We may humbly hope that those prayers were not offered in vain. The earnestness, the devotion, and the sacaes3 of your ministry as a parish priest were made known to us, and we rejoice to think that the qualities which so attached to you your for mer flock will now in this dioceae have a still larger field of exercise. A great work is be fore the church in this country, which can only be accomplished by the union of cur three orders — BiBhop. Clergy, and Laity. We trust that you may have such blessing on your episcopate as to cause you to rejoice that the call to be our bishop came to you, even fhbngb.it may have involved the rend ing asunder of associations that were very dear and sacred. We offer you a hearty welcome and the assurance of our dutiful obedience, and we are, with all respect, your faithful servants in Christ Jesus. Signed on behalf of the Synod of the Diocese of Ade laide—A. Russell, Dean of Adelaide; Wil liam B. Andrews, hon. Canon; Charles Marryat, Archdeacon of Adelaide; George Dove, Archdeacon of: Flinders; Frank Coghlan, F. Slaney -Poole, M.A., Thomas Field, M.A,, Samuel French, J. C. Bray, Alfred Spence, C. H. T. Connor, Arthur Boult, C. B. Young, Geb. M. Turnbull, W. D. Scott NathL Oldbam, Jas. H. Cunning ham, S. Tomkinson, H. S. Anthony, William Barlow, Wm. S. Douglas, J. G. Pitches Augustus Sturcke, secretary standing com mittee of Synod. Church- Office, Adelaide, March 7, 1S&.' His LoEDsmp replied as follows: — My reverend brethren, my brethren of the laity, I think it very kind of you to wel come me in this manner on the first day when in an official manner I appear before you as your chief pastor. The dean just now in his kind words alluded to the fact that the address was brief. I think it is possible you will forgive me if I make an even more brief reply. The day has already been to a great extent trespassed upon by myself in particular, and I have to perform other duties which are likely to occupy a good deal of time. But I cannot let this occa sion pass without saying a few words in reply to the kind address which you have presented to me. No one could be more as tonished than myself when I opened the letter from the Archbishop of Canterbury, telling me that I had been unanimously ap pointed to the bishopric that was then vacant He expressed the hope in his letter that I should see my way to undertaking the burden which he with those who had been associated with him proposed to place upon my shoulders. But it is a very difficult thing for a nian when so suddenly he hears of such important work being offered to him to know exactly what to do. Perhaps you will not blame me if I tell you what course I took under the cir cumstances. I thought that the advice cer tainly of a scholar ought to be obtained, be cause, as I mentioned in my sermon, I could make no claim to any academical distinction. I therefore consulted Dr. Vaughan, Master of the Temple, knowing that no friends are so critical ss the friends of one's youth I next went to an old schoolfellow, to know if he thought that I should accept this offer. I also wett because I knew what advantages one wfco travels with another has to discover his faults and failings, . to an old companion who travelled with me many hundreds of miles on the continent. I also went to my own bishop, and then to the dean and great A rchbi.-hop of Canterbury. It so happened that they all thought that I ought to go, and the Archbishop in particular pressed it on me as a duty that be said I ought not to escapp. 'Under theje circumstances I saw xhat my only course was to waive my own feelings in the matter compli tely, and, although as I indicated in my sermon this morning, I felt most keenly, from the greatness of my predecessor, the difficulties of the work that lay before so vounp a man as myself, I do feel that I can count upon your sympathy ; that you are willing: to extend to me the right-hand of fellow thip ; that your heart is with me ; and that you ai-e ready to stand shoulder to shoul der l\v me and belp me through whatever may Lo the duties— onerous or light— which devohr on me, and which I shall hope and en deavor to discharge. For all this I do most heartily and deeply thank God, and I also most cordially thank you. 1 know that coming amongst you, where there are many men wiser, older, and more experienced than myself, it might seem almost pre sumptuous to allow myself to be placed at your bc-ad. But, as I wrote to the dean, when St Paul was advising Timothy to let no man despise youth be went on to add plain inti mations as to how that danger might be avoided. It was by treating the older men as fathers and the younger men as brethren that he might avoid the difficulty. In this way I hope 1 may — please God — count on all of you as my fiiends. What I can give you in the way of work shall certainly be at your service. Tbe experience which in God's providence I have bad in the multifarious and diverse duties I have performed will also be at your disposal. I only pray God that the kindness and sympathy that you are showing I may prove myself not unworthy of ; that I may be able in some measure to be of use to you is of course my most constant prayer; and I thick that I have already learned that I may depend upon your warmest kindness and your help. (Applause.) Adresses from the Church of England Sun day School Union, and from the South Aus tralian Total Abstinence League and Band of Hope, and other branches of the temperance cause were also presented, to which His Lordship replied. EVENSONG. Evensong was sung at half- past 7 o'clock, the processional being hymn No. 393 (A. and M.) Bridge's service 5n C was used for the canticles, and the ant'-em was by Sir John Go^. The cathedral -Jras filled., not a vacant seat beicg observable, and His Lordship Dr Kenpion agftin preached. He took his text from Psalm exxxiv., v. 3 — ' The Lord that made heaven and earth, bless thee out of Zion.' His Lordsbip in opening his discourse pictured the hordes of pilgrims in the early days going up to Jerusalem to worship at the temple, and said that doubtless the words of his text when first heard by many of them seemed to be an interpretation of all their longings and wants, and when thej entered His holy place they felt that He who made heaven and earth had blessings in store for them. No doubt the same truth came frequently to those who* were then assembled in that beautiful cathedral, and how thankful a man was when he felt the light of God's peace, felt safe from the storm without, and stood side by side with those who believed in God the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost He at once gathered fresh strength and help from God, and he, his lordship, comiDg' to worship with them that evening, felt those feelings, and he thanked the Almighty, who had given him tbe chance of doing so much for His glory and honor. Dr. Kennion then alluded in feeling terms to the energy, zeal, and wisdom which had charactised his revered predecessor, Dr. Short, and said he was f uUy alive to the difficulties he would meet with in following in the steps of such a worthy man. His lordship next spoke of the various festivals of tbe church, and showed in eloquent terms how they tended to elevate the religious mind of a man if he fully believed in the doctrines as laid down by Jesus Christ The promises of God to us were next dealt with, and His willingness to pardon sinners was brought forcibly before the congregation. Finally, bis lordship exhorted them to treasure up the words of the text, and for each one of them to take them as applying individually to him eclf. The service concluded with the reces sional hymn No. 30. 