In the Contemporary Ii'i'viciv for July appears a very able article on "Social Wreckage" suggested by a, perusal of a little book bearing lite same title, written by Mr. Francis Peck. "We venture to make some extracts from tlie article as giving an indication not only of some of the terrible! evils existent under tlie Lnglish social system of the present day, but also as showing the revolution that has taken place in the once universally and still too widely accepted doctrine that a man may do what lie likes with his own. 1 his is a picture of the state of things possible under not only a form of government vaunted as the fre&t; and,most' liberal in th^wojld; but aleo in a oountry which pharisaically thanks (Jod that is not as other nations are '" It was a favorite statement of the late Jame fl Hinton that this famous nineteenth century, with its boasted enlightment, its material prosperity, its vast scientific achievements, would, with the centuries immediately preceding it, be characterized by the historian of the future as the morally dark ages; that its standpoint and methods of the dark ages intellectually. And is there not a real parallel? . . . Butto talk about the rights of property apart from its duties to the country at large, to rights of parents apart from the welfare of the community of which the children are to form part, to all rights of individuals beyond the large share of personal feeling which is necessary for the performance of duty, we shall say sternly:— << Thy rights? Go to, thou hast but one; To do thy duty, other none, Save some six feet of earth perchance to ask To hold the refuse of thy finished task." The admirably logical social life that religiously shuts all the museums and picturegalleries on " the Lord's Day," and opens all the gin- shops; that is never tired of iterating that the proper sphere of women is home, and brings up its 20,000 female orphans in large pauper barracks, from which the last touch of home-life has dieappeared ; that goes to meetings and loudly preaches thrift to the people, and then gruffly whispers in their ear, by guardians of the poor " Only be drunk and spendthrift enough, and we will house you and provide for your old age;" that goes to church and preaches that the body is the temple of [the Holy Ghost, and leaves the people to litter down like pigs at night—men and women, girls and boys, together in tenements where no rich man would think of stabling his horses ; that goes to school and teaches its children the three It's, and leaves them in dens of infamy to learn a fourth R, by every sight and sound of the day and night, ruin of body and soul; that virtuously declaims against the harlot, yet leaves its little girls to be brought up in brothels ; that believes a fatal disorder is undermining the national health, and shuts the doors of its hospital against it, and denies it the public means of cure; that legally protects the heiress up to twenty-one, and refuses GO protect the poor man's daughter even at sixteen from the trade of vice ; that holds that the man is the responsible head of the woman, and throws the blame and disgrace on tlie woman —alas ! alas ! what a heap of anomalies is here—what real cause to complain of the methods of our moral life! No wonder that the poor Dissenting minister, much entangled in our social difficulties, and led on all sides to contradictory conclusions, threw in a deprecatory clause in his prayer " Paradoxical as it may seem to thee, O Lord, it is nevertheless true." And what are the results of such methods as these ? "What must be the results ? That we road that in the wealthiest nation In the world, one in every ,thirty-one of our countrymen is a pauper; this, moreover, without including any of that vast number of destitute persons who are maintained in charitable institutions or by private benevolence. That in the richest city in the world there were in one year 101 deaths from actual starvation, in full sight of well-stocked shops. That there am about 180,000 apprehensions for drunk en ess, and over ] 5.000 la persons catch yearly charged with indictable crimes, and over half a million convicted summarily before the magistrates, of wh?ch latter nearly 100,000 are guilty of personal assaults, about 2,500 being aggravated assaults upon wemen and children. That there are extensive districts in London, Liverpool, and all our largo towns, where our people are living in little more than half the area of ground required for a corpse, and which they could claim if they were dead, in tenements which are the graves of all decency and chastity. That "in Liverpool alone, by a rough estimate, there are some 10,000 or more children who are neither properly fed, clothed, nor housed, and surrounded by such evil associations at home, or in the low lodging'houses where they herd, -and there is-small chance of their leading afterwards a useful life, and we can predict with certainty that many of them will enter our prisons, petutentiaries and workhouse." Surely it must create an uneasy feeling in the most careless to realize this mass of misery and sin on which the life of the wellto-do classes in England is based— "This deep dark underworld of woe, That underlies life'8 shining surfaces, Dim populous pain and multitudinous toil, Unheeded of the heedless world that treads, Its piteous upturned faces underfoot, In the gay rout that rushes to its ends." May it not be found that with these dread forces at work, our Explosive Bills passed with such admirable celerity in four-andtwenty hours, because our well-to-do and valuable persons were in danger, while legislation having to do with the souls and bodies of the poor lingers on from year to year, perpetually crowded out, are like so much curl paper opposed to Niagara ? But what is the remedy ? To spare a little time from money getting and pleasure and knowledge, to love; to recognise " Life with all its yields of joy and woe, And hope aud fear . . . . Is just our chance o' the prize of the learning love, liow love might be, hath been indeed and is V and adopt scientific methods and train our moral emotions as carefully to respond to fact as we train our intellectual faculties; and by love I mean—and I presume Kobert Browning means—not mere sentiment, not mere pathological liking, but just this truthful response of the moral emotions to fact; to bestow a little human thought and care on the wants of the poor, and not think that those wants can be killed off at the rate "of eleven cases in four minutes" (the rate of poor-law investigation), quicker than pig is made into pork in the great American steam pig-killing establishments ; to recog- nize that town councils and boards of guardians are not to be composed of small tradesmen, only anxious to keep down the rates, because the educated, the cultured, and the high-minded are too absorbed with their own interests to fulfil the duties of citizenship ; to " live in the world" as well as in the beautiful good ; to recognise that the whole must control the parts, us well as the parts be left free to make the whole, and that communionism, rightly understood is as much a factor in sociology as individualism." •— • THE article from which we have ventured to quote at such length then proceeds to examine the remedy that may be applied to this very undesirable condition of things. The writer says .—''First as to overcrowding. This is a question that distinctly ail'ects the Ltattj aud with rcgaid to which wo have to " live in the whole," and to see that the well are of the community is at slake, and that the State must have an authoritative voice in it. YHue, sobriety, decency, are physically impossible in the conditions under which a vast number of its eitizous are living. All the argumeuts that justified the interi'erence of the State with the rights of the Irish landlord, apply equally to the London landlords, and the artificial forcing up of rents which have resulted from the necessity many are under of living near their work. I'et this question has beeu the subject of permissive legislation ! The Artisans' Dwelling Improvement Act, an honest attempt on the part of Sir Lichard Cross to deal with the problem, was rendered to all towns oi' 28,000 inhabitants or upwards—that is to say, abouteighty towns,—butit was entrusted to municipalities to carry it out, the town councils which we have left to be demolished, composed elnelly of men of narrow education, largely swayed by sell-interest, aud probably extensive owners of the very property to bu It is exactly as if the lr'sh Land Bill had been permissive, and intrusted to the Irish landlords to put it into execution ? . . . corrupt landlords, who had been already trading on the souls aud bodies of their fellow creatures, were, therefore, able to run their condemned tenements up to a fancy price and make enormous gains out of the municipality." This is a point upon which we would wish at the present moment to dwell with special emphasis as affordingargument in favor of two vital principles for which we have fought in the columns of' this journal. In the first place—the overcrowding. We do not wish to in any way weaken the effect of the quotations we havegiven by such lengthy comment upon them as they furnish ground for. We simply ask for their attentive perusal, and would then enquire — Will any politician deny the desirability of doing something to prevent such a social system being built up in our midst by at once introducing legislative enactment to prohibit such subdivision of land as shall tend to the injure the moral and physical well-being of the community ? Respecting the second subject, we would ask—when we find that property-holders are ready to sacrifice their fellows body and soul from motives of cupidity, shall we expect from them such legislation as shall advance the pecuniary interests of the poor at their own personal disadvantage? There can be but one answer—an emphatic negative—and following on that answer in natural sequence comes the principle of Payment of Members to destroy that most dangerous of all the monopolies of the rich—the monopoly of government. T HE series of Saturday night concerts m the Adelaide Town Hall has, we regret to bear, not been a " Bonanza" to the promoters, though the performances have been a pleasure to the public. Blunt went for the first time in order to glean impressions, he has long ago ceased to harvest in the fields of our ordinary newspaper criticism on concerts! He got a good sheaf of impressions, and some day when he is in a better temper than at present, and when the Treasurer has floated the new loan, he may say his say. OME person has been writing to the Register under the signature of " S Reform" and administering flattery which it was a very poor compliment to that journal to offer for its acceptance. " Reform" states that the articles written in the Register in opposition to the Government taxation policy are not only approved by the League, but are so highly appreciated that it is contemplated to get them reprinted in a pamphlet form. The President of the Keform League writes denouncing " Reform" as a traitor in the camp, and asserting that at two public meetings held under the auspices of the League, resolutions in favor of the Grovernment policy have been carried unanimous^. But whilst the Register could find plenty of room in its open column for the flattery of the anonymous '' Keform," it crowds the properly signed letter of the President of the lieform League into its out of the way "Notices to Correspondents." Doubtless it has merely done this from an eager desire to advance the interests of the League, aud gentlemen of the " Keform" stamp will be more than ever convinced of the journal's devotion to the cause of Liberalism and progress. Y\7E sincerely regret to see that the Com- IV missioner of Public Works has stated to a deputation from the unemployed yesterday, that it has been " found absolutely necessary that the man who had the making ol' the line should have the building of the bridges and houses," on tlie Nairne railway line, and that therefore the divisions of ihe work canuot be separated. If experience has clearly proved this of course the lesson must bfi accepted. Tho only thing to be done now is to get up a strong movement, and demand that the preference shall be •Hvcn to the tenderer who will get the work for tlie bridges, done in (he colony. No excuse or equivocating abeut delay involved or necessity for special supplementary estimates should be accepted. AVork of this kind can bo done in I he colony, and there is urgent nccesMly that it should bednr.e here. We do not wish to import .skilled labor hero under falsi) pretences, to be sent to earn a bare living at pick and shovel relief works. Unity of purpose and determination are u'l thai we require to secure what we aik for. i N connection with this matter we we-uld point triumphantly to tlie ma^nilicent j iece of work executed by Messrs. Gray ISros., now adorning the port Adelaide Railway Station. We believe- that we are correct ill snying that the other tenderer for the work was £6GO above Messrs. Gray Bros, yet lie was going to import the ironwork. Here is an instance where our home manufacturer has supplied us with a considerably cheaper, and we venture to say, also superior article to that which we should have obtained by importation. All that we want is to give Colonial industry fair encouragement and it will soon be equal to all requirements. rilHERE comes from Otago, New Zealand, J- details of an invention as marvellous as any yet recorded in the annals of electrical science. The Rev. Mr. Gilbert, of Christ Church, in a recent address, told his audience that it was now proved to be possible to convey, by means of electricity, vibrations of lightnot only to speak with your distant friend, but actually to see him. The electroscope, the name of the instrument which enables us to do this, was the very latest scientific discovery, and to Dr. Guidrah, of Victoria, belonged the proud distinction of being its inventor and perfecter. Mr. Gilbert stated that a trial of this wonderful instrument had taken place at Melbourne, in the presence of some forty scientific and public men, and that it had been a great success. Sitting in a dark room they saw projected on a large disc of white burnished metal the racecourse at Flemington, with its myriad of active beings. Minute details stood out with perfect fidelity of the original, and as they looked at the wonderful p'.cture through .binocular glasses it was difficult to imagine that they were not actually on the course itself, and moving among those actions they could so completely scan. There is to be a concert in the Port Cungrcga* tionai Schoolroom this evening. A good pragrauiuie has been prepared. OuE advertising columns announce a grand concert to be given in the Oddfellows' Hall to morrow (Wednesday) evening. The object is a benevolent one; and Mr. Hamilton, the Hon Secretary, has spread no pains to secure a good programme. We hope, therefore, that the result will be a success, 