NELL: ON AND OFF THE STAGE, Byi , B. H. BUXTON. ,.. Published . iranqgonicent wiih l7ar2or an,'vI BroZl., Neoi ? Yo ..Ne. CHAP PER .VI.--(Continued). £ But father?; Nell'was conscious of a suddea feel ing of relief whena she remembered that he must have retrnaed'to: hiis w'rk * long ago, and that she would .notbat once be confronted by his hoiiest truth coinpelling eyes;, nor rprobed bly the pointed questions whichhhis intimate Imowledgo of all that wasi wont to occur behind the scenes would be sur, to dictate. \- When she had toiled up the three flights of stairs-hlier feet '.seeming heavy'with the weighlt on her mind and .reached the familiar equare land. ing, she paused for a moment with her baid on the balustrade. "Sid' was pale,-but not breathless- stairs had as ,yet no power to tire her young limbs nor her healthy luugs. " She was only perplexed and pre-occupied.nhen the sound. of. a strange voice within the sitting-room arrested: her feet and her attention. '' ' : . A strange voice, and yes surely one already most" familiar to her. What brought'lium here, and just at a moment' when she "had resolved never to speak of him' <irto liuknagain ? There warI mere tliitOhance in. all htlhii -it ieeil;dillikg't'e ,7" ' hate ::';i.:': : She tiidn~d the.handle of 'thed'oor which wassibill closed:between her and the smiling eyes she knew would nmeet hers when shelopened:it. : 'Good morning, :my dear Mr. Olif .ford,' said wher motaer's, voice, with her pleasantest intonation; 'it has .,.been a real delight to me to see you here, and pray remedibei' that you will 'be conferring a favour on::me when' ever you can spare me half an hour.'' '"And here is imy' daughter I' she addedb ' You are very. late, my iar hlig, and .haa I not herd.: such: an excellent accouiunt of you from Mr. -Olifford, I should really hive been getting aunxious.' , 'I hope youwill pardon my leaving just as I should moss desire to stay ?' asked Jack; Wiith q!iite' a courtier's bow. 'You must i ? thinlk of missing your appointment, Mr.,;Cliffordi ' said Mrs. 'Ihall', most graciously; : 'Vwo shall meet,,at.rehearsal to morrow,'Miss.Trover?' he said, look' ing straight into her troubled eyes, which did not :meet his glad' look' half as frankly, as'they hid doiie some hours before.? They :were both standing ldose tob the .door ; she.'had just enteiedd; he was about to make his exit. He held out his hand..: " Allow me to say;at? revomiu" he suggested. Sheb hesitated a moment, juist long enough' for" hbiim to be aware 'thateshe had, hositated, and fiercely to ask him selfAjhy, . Thoun: she laid'ler little hand in hi~. It was liglit and cold'as'is snow.flake. But she sitid ieve':ti+word' :,. ",That is the most chiarming gentle man and the most delightful com panion I?pvor:liad the.good fortune to meet;" salid Mrs.' Bil. eheuiithe door band closed aftoer her visitor.. .: "What in the wide world brought him here ?" asked Nell, that odd faint feeling bewildering hbr'again.,: : ' ?His interest in ther" Trevoer, and in you knd ;.me,' child,' saiid ,the ;imotlier sententiously. 'He is perfectly de. lihited ~ivith your debftli this morning, and has s'polni, so kindly, so.'gontle, ind considerate about you,, and the respect overy one 'has for you, that 1 am far more .reconciled:to the notion' of ybir' boiingatthe 8pli re than I evoer expected to be at all ,When' suoht? perfoect gentleiman m inost solemnIly de clares~ Why,.luy l, my dariligaliingm wit ails:you ?' 'she cried, raising in .sudden alarm. " Do you feelfaint? Youlook lilke a ghost I'." '' ''; : ' ' I think I am a little tired, dear mum,' said Nell, with a laugh 'that sounded stiangely likolmasob'.": She hluug her arms around.heri mnither!s neck, 'anud laidhei·'hi-i'aupbli the niktornal breast-the onie haven to which 'wo at ';so, surely zdrift, who1n trbubles are ov6erwhilmmig us, and the outsid' iorldiatdffoids.nidtlierc~ooiifort£ nor shelter; the.haveunthatJis always reaty for us'e, :.though we come 'to it, shipw'odlied 'and helpless, !imploriing Ifor pity .and rest."?: ... 'eli olfelt herfsolf, a .eary troubled child again. Never idfor' had .she nap., proached tli'oa0thai' wvhose pjrop aind stry she had,.hltherto p'i'oved herself, in so weak i'd hdumlblef~i spniui.t * I believe I auireislly starving; that maknltes mceffeelsofaiunt:ind stupiddenr, dloear mnum,' she said, not attempting to suppress;the sobblnow; -'.,', : '"' It Wat:po naturally ncoounted for by hiar physcoal exlin'uiitiouJ ; .; r ;. 'o* or ?hild,' I'll geto yous dinnre; it's ' nll kliept ;warm' b.ythe!firo,l said lrs.' BHall -an'dj'eshe asiike bsho moved to and fro with au slacrity as stifillit?g as it ws' unpaed'id hteedent"l . 'Ihe oudden ani d itrange'b'alrm~daro n out luer chlld .hd o quickenoed, the mother's pulsoes, and made hor fosrgdtthatwia',ry weight of' dscontciit whioh was wont. to clog if? t l a r move: .She 8 wait n Nelo" day as' Nell had never 'ii:n ll her lifo been wnited upon ; itiwas aunother new experinooe. for ler?'theo irht wholly pleasant one on thlis'strangcely eventful day, eve', hour" of' 'lwhich seemed fraught wit( some fresonh adventure. SI'm afriid you did not like the meat my poor child,' anid Mrs,-IHall[ anx ioisly, as Nell pushed the plato she lad sicarulyAeoie ou o alidr i ..!?tii (tii' :not lhe. nieo that1;:has beit, hopfi,?'tumi on tholiolbforenh'?ttl' .3 t~f" , '?Perhaps I waited too long, mother, I don't.feel a bit hungry now.' . 'But you'll have some° cheese and nice fresh lettuce. Nell; that ,i~ill suit' youbetter; Don't'say no mydenr.' !I'll say yes, ivith: ill my iheart,' an syereld-Nell, ineceeding in Iher effort to Sthanlk' h'e · motheir, witli thea' bright r?sile whicli"h all who knaow her loo1red for.anu loved. - 'And now 1ll tll you all abou?t fr. olifford,' said Mrs, lall, with ihe lookl annd tone of oe who promises to re ward a child with a sugar-plum. ' It was indeed a lucky day that brought you 9diiad him into the..same theatre.' (To be Contsued. : I ,. . . , , 