It has been curious to notice the posi tion taken up by®- some of the :leading daibjr papers relative to the late political crisis. Some editors and journalists writing in the most bigoted inauuef, and almqst putting those people, who do not coincide with their views, down as foOls. ' During" the" last. -month or- two there would appear to- be journals in 'the ; colony' that would liaye electors believe : that tipo parties in the" House no longer existed.' -- But we ar!6' ;prone to think that : th'e general pubiie, who, more or less, takes an active interest in things political, are not to be; 'led astray by such .clap- trap. Party feeling may have ceased to hm so hot as it'ujd years ago, even 'admitting this, it ' does not go to evince the 'fact that Liberals aud Conservatives have becople'- so utterly degenerated that there remains' but one party in the House. If it'he 'so, it is. a strange and surjif.ising circumstance. It is 'asserted ever-y .day by thb 'Supporters in the. press of a Coalition Ministry that the country 'at: tap last gendraTelection decided in favor : ''of Mr Service atid' Mr Berrj' joining hands. But we' maintain this was not the 'case, but, on 'the 'con trary, we were"inf6rmed that wkeiT'tke appeal to the constituents was ' inadb that ther.e were no1 burning questions to be solved.1 This was tbe issuh'aiid manifesto. But ' immediately the elec tions are over, we find Mr Service ' and Mr Berry plotting to sell their parties and the country: Had both these honorable members made reference to a combinatiQu of parties in their pro grammes, providing Liberals and Con servatives were nearly evenly balanced in the House, electors would have knoyn what to expect. : ' But this style was hot' adopted. Certainly a portion of the press and a few almost political nonentities" "referred 'to ' this, poli tical ca'tastro'ph'e taking place. But the great jnasses of people never enter tained the1' thought that the bqce rival leaders would become so ' extremely friendly. In fact, the electors would have' been iiiclineu to ridicule the idea. We are conversant of the truth that when 1 candidate!" were on $he 'hustings there seemed to' be great agreement on political matters. How could they dis agree upon a Reform of the Qivil Ser vice and a State. Railway Management Bili ? But'we will firi'd out that so boon as any great measure is introduced into the Assembly, it ' will be 1 s'eeri that there are as many parties hhd cliques in the House as there were id Black 'Wed nesday days; We all know'-' that thp're is a difference of opinion' aboqt :jth'e htirbour Trust Bill ; and1 Mr Service has always declared himself against com pensation to honorable mernbeis, Mr. Deny, on the other hand, will stand by any measure dealing with remuneration to his followers. The Tariff Commis sion' has not yet concluded its sittings, and it - is difficult to foretell what the outcome of its labors will be. The stock- tax must inevitably be included in its report:- Is there unanimity of ex pression on this subject between, the coalitionists ? We reply in the nega tive. The Premier, we are aware, pledged himself not to meddle with the fiscal policy of the country, Out the statements made by the chairman of the Tariff Commission liave demon- : strated that the Customs Department must be -interfered with, ' How will the Treasurer and the Chief Secre tary sink their differences here? They will say that the Commission was ap pointed to take evidence, and to suggest; several alterations in the fiscal policy of- the "cblony, ani that they must act in: concert with those suggestions. But this lias not, iu every instance, been the step taken of every board that has been ap pointed by Parliamen t '(upon .like things. And to act in accordance with the tes timonies given before the Tariff Com mission will involve sacrifice' pf prih : ;-'U' -riV. ' eiple either on the part of Mr Service I or Mr 'Berry. And. moreover, 'ano ther plea urged in favor of a coalition is that 90 voters out ofovery 100 are Li berals. This we do riot deny, but we will go further and My that 999 electors out ot every f000' "are Liberals. Arid why should lliej7 not be so ? Yiatoria is a yo,urig conn Dry, therefore Liberal principles should be fostered' and cherished. We take Liberalism ' to mean bringing in bil's which will prove conducive to, arid pusliitig the colony for ward, and also causing it'to be progres sive. Taking this view r who would dare publicly announce .tHht'he was not a' Liberal ? upon looking more fully i iuto the affair, it must be obvious that .there are different "descriptions' of Li beralism. There is Berry Liberalism which means ruination'to'anycountry in which it reigns supreme, and there is Gladstone-Bright' Liberalism which .promotes the best interests' of the com munity where it is in power. Thus it will be observed that there ai'e two dis tinct Liberal sects, and the proper kind has not been" brought into ' Austialian Legislative Chambers, but we desire that ere long such' a revulsion of things political will rie'eur that we shall have it . in Victoria. In ooncluding this article, : we h >pe we have made it sufficiently clear to our readers- that if ever parties were divided j'n the House 'they are at present, and before any 'great length of time elapges we shall see the results manifested beyond doubt. "" 'im ii — — — p The great political topic at the present time is whether the newly-elected mem bers of the Coalition Ministry are to be opposed in ' their different constituen cies. Since the names of the-' gentlemen who compbse'the hew Government have been announced, it has transpired that not a few electors are thoroughly dis gusted with the actions taken by Mr. Service and Mr. Berry and a small number of their supporters, whilst others think that the Ministry should have a fair and just trial, although they do not' altogether endorse the way and manner in which the combination was brought about. The true Conser vatives and also, the loyal Liberals — for there are yet two distinct political parties in ' Victoria— are anxious that especially the Premier, Service, and the Qhief Secretary, Mr. Berry, should be" opposed, and ' probably can didates will be found to enter the field to endeavor to oust the "majority of their colleagues. Various are the ru mors 'afloat 'relative to aspirants for Legislative honors, and also of de feated members at the last general election, ' who have expressed their willinguess' to go to the 'poll with the intention" 'of bringing 't'he work of the Ministry to an abrupt termination be fore it virtually commences. The Con servative Association at' .Geelong would seem to be more than anxious to make Mr. Berry fight for his seat, but des pite the efforts of that" body, no person has yet definitely decided to contest the eleciion against M> Berry. Mr Htrwood, who ran "Mr. Barry very closely when the appeal to the country was made, has received pressing invitations ' arid strong assurances 'of "'support to cq:me out jn the Constitutionalist interest, but he asserts that he doea: not intend so to do. Mr. G. D. Carter, the rejected of St. Hilda, and Mr. B- Hoare, editor of the ' Geelong Times , have been men tioned 'as likely candidates, but it is considered that neither 'of them would he able to wrest the Seat now held by Berry. Apr. Hoare contested this con stituency some five or six years ago with the late Mr. Ker'not as an oppo nent, but he — Mr. Hoare— did not have " a ghost of a show.'! It is stated that the Hon. H. R- Williams will stand in opposition to Mr. Service for Castle- maine, but we think the (jefeated mem ber for Maudurang will 'display more sense by keeping the money which it would take to contest the election in the'"' bank, and, further, he will dis cover that the '"transgressions which he comriiitted during his Parliamentary career are not so soon forgotten by the keen- observing electors, and that this was demonstrated;' beyond doubt, last month. But' what1 causes more interest to be taken-' in the ; crisis is that Sir Bryan O'Lbghlen lias,- gt the desire of several of Iris old constituents, resolved to stand against the Hori.'A. Daakin, Minister of Public Works.- Yfhe turn of the tide in this direction has 'been the result of no small amount of " consternation in political circles,' inasmuch as the ex- Premie'r had said that he \yould not op pose any of the Ministers, ' and that he was riot desirous1 of reentering the sacred precincts of Parliament' House. But whether 'he is a crea'thre of circum stances, !and, as such, broken his word, or whether great pressrire was brought to bear re'mains to be seen. Mr. Zinbke, who retired from the "contest at. Beech- worth in favour of Mr. (G V. Smith, has been aripounced tb- come forward in opposition'to his' old colleague, Mr. Kerferd. But ' perhaps when the day of nomination (to-morrow) coines we will find that albthe Ministers, with the exception of Mr. Deakin, will have a Ministerial walk-over. Although we wrote strongly, arid in an antagonistic style, when the 'coalition' 'was mooted, we should like the Ministry to have a good term of probatipri allowed it, when we could all best judge from experience the result of political : ' combinations. And, what is more, should either of the leaders be; defeated, it iriqst inevitably ' end in the delay of ' ririblic business being transacted, aud alsp iu chaos and confusion. To- morrow will be St. Patrick's Day, and , as us.n al , the day will: be celebrated by .sports &c.; We would again remind our readers . of the 1 excellent programme that has been prepared; for '1 the, enjoyment of the public at Homebusli. The general committee has gone to considerable trouble, and has spared no expense in endeavour- iag to make the affair a success, and we hope that its efforts will be fully appreciated by a large attendance; Foot-racing is an nounced to take place' at Elmhurst to-day. The usual annual thanksgiving service will be held in St. John's Ghurcb, Avoca, on Sunday The Church Committee invite all who can possibly attend to put- in an appearance. The church is to be fully decorated;' and .sermons" will' i-be preached by the inbri'tobept— the Rev. J. A Ball. ' On Sunday next the Rev. M. Bullas, for the last two years superintendent of the A'voca Wesloyan Church circuit, will preach his 'farewell se'rtnons in the local place of worship. As we mentioned' a few issues back, the Uoriference at its 'last sittings resolved to transfer the' Rev. Mr Bullas t.o the South Australian' meeting. The rejr. gentleman at first objected, inasmuch as prior to his leaving Avoca, to ' be present at the annual gathering of ministers, he was presented by bis church committee with a very unanimous request that he /should continue his labors in this district for another twelve months, but despite this, he was informed that " ho" 'would be dealt with by the South Australian body, and that lie would get a fair1 promotion in tlie service of the church. He received a tele'- gram stating that his next scene of labours would be Geraldon, Western Australia," for which place be leaves 'at an 'early date. The Rev. Mr Bullas has since he under took tbe charge of this circuit shown him self to be an earnest worker and a good preacher, and he has done a great deal of work for tbe cause he espoused. We are sure that we express the desire of his con gregation and also of the residents of Avoca, in wishing him and Mrs Bullas' a pleasant voyage, and prosperity whilst living " in Western Australia. On Tuesday evening a valedictory tea meeting will b'e tendered him, and it will take place in the Sqnday School. We have heard it mentioned that the para graph which appeared in our last issue, rela tive to au"absurd statement made by a preacher in "the pulpit last Sri'nday, was meant for the Rev. W. Gray, of tbe local Presbyterian Gburch. --How this could be the case we fail to see, as the paragraph was couched jn such simple language that a child- with1 a knowledge 'of the rudi ments of English could understand it, and any person who had arrived at the age of maturity who misconstrued it ' must, indeed, beektremely dull'of compfelienpion. We' first stated the place of' worship, viz., the " Local Wesleyan Cburcri,'! then we alluded to the "eminent" exponent of the Bible as a" local preacher," "Methodist preacher," and, lastly, as that celestial being, Mr. Gray." And notwithstanding all these appellations, people would put it down as referring to a respected reverend gentleman. We only call attention to flie fact in the interests of the Rev. Mr. 'Gray, but we must assert' that we gave the public credit for having eriough sensri to think that tlie ridiculous sentences 'complained of would not be uttered by tbe 1 Rev. W. Gray". ' ' Rpmorrovv at twelve o'clock Mr J. F. Paten will submit to public auction, at tlie Ayqch Hotel, the varioris bqqths in connec tion' with the Avoca Eaitgr Sports. ' 1 The'annual boat-race, Cambridge y. Ox ford, tak'eS jjjace to-morrow. The Melbourne correspondent of the Hamilton Spectator writes What may happen to a man in Yictoria 1 He was a poor hard-worked "member of the "reporting staff on a Melbourne daily newspaper, and recentiy he obtained the' three week's holiday granted tq":each of the1' fellows in turn throughout the year. " He went up the oohntry by rail, and near ' him in the carriage sat a most attractive example of a lovely woman, subject tb tiie description of " rat, fair, and forty." Our friend of the press, it must be remarked", is very good- looking, age about thirty, and of exceed- ingly gentlemanly address1. Lady happens to drop her handkerchief ; reporter pi'pks it up and bands it with liis most billing bow. Conversation ensues. Reporter iells who he is, and states that lie- is going over' to Tasmania to complete his . holidays. Lady says sli'e is travelling for recreation, and happeiiS to be also on the 'way1' to1 tlife" saine place. Roth journey together. The lady is the widow of a successful quartz reefer, and 'has 'an income of £4000 a year. She has nlko" a mansion at 'Toorak, and one morning as the proprietor bf the paper with whom 'our repcrtorial friend liad been engaged,"was standing near the mansion in question debating whether he would' invest a- shilling 'jn a cab, or wait for' 'tlie three penny (bus, there sweeps past a stylish carriage with coachman aud focrinan all in the fifst rank of fashion, arid within the carriage a"' lady and gentleman.1 Tiiey are the widow and the reporter, married. Ad vance' Austria ! The widow was for merly a resident oE Stawell, and the re porter, not long since, lived at Ararat. Any tiling appertaining to the' doings of the Salvation Army and its adherents is specially interesting just now: At the Academy of Music, Ballarat, at present there' is a highly1' popular play bejng pro duced. 'Meeting one of the Salvation Army's new converts the' other day an old friend asked' him, " Are you going to the f Lights o' London?' " "itli a pitying glance the convert replied, "'I am bound for the lights of heaven." Not fo be outdone thq other said, "Are you ; 'show us your ticket?" Report has it that the1 latter smiled'at his own joke, and that the convert went away humming the reftefn,' "If you"' ciin't get in at the golden gate, "get- oyer the garden wall."— Star. -" x ' ' A- number of farmers jn the western dis- . trict are, an exchange remarks, contemplat ing a shift into South' Australia at an 'baHy date. The reason' for this is said to be that the Land Act of that' place is much more favourable. to their 'Interest than tlie Yic-' torian one. It is said5 they can, as they in crease their stock, increase their land where they hare room, and are riot restricted to limited areas. A" baby show" — a novel venture for this part of the colony — will be held at" Gardiner's Pavilion Hotel on Good Friday, The prize will be a pelisse, value £5 5s, the- material of which will bo sure to make the1 heart of a mother desire to see her babe' wrapped in it. Entries must be made by' Thursday, the 22nd inst. — Star. T)he' steamer Tascona, belonging to the 'Pacific Railroad, was wrecked on the Ore- gori qoast during her first voyage, and nine lives Were lost. Lwq 'members of the Salvation Army, both young womeu, were arrested at New Jersey on the 12th of February for attempt ing to murder fbeir father. Throat Affections and Hoarseness. — AH suffefirig'frbnl "irritation of the throat and hoai-scness will be 'agreeably surprised at the a most immediate relief afforded by the use of" Brown's Bronchial Troches." These famous'" lozenges" are' now sold by most res pectable chemists in this country at Is 14d per box. 'People troubled With a " hacking cough," a " slight cold," ; or ' bronchial affec tions, cannot try them too ' sOon, as similar troubles, if" allowed to progress, result in serious Pulmonary and Asthmatic affections. See that the" words " Brown's- Bronchial Troches" are On' the Government Stamp around each box: Prepared by John I. Brown & Sons, Boston, U:S. European depot re moved to 33 Farririgdon Road, London. Hollo way's Ointment and PJlls.— Insufficient cloth ing and exposure to damp and' cold, produce many diseases of the skin, and .greatly aggravate tlie s uilerings of the delicate and scrofulous. The ut most relief is obtainable in such eases by usino- Holloway's remedies. The Ointment applied to .thd part afl'ected, rcstraius all' insiduous .inflam mation, while it soothes, cleans, and renders' heaithv any ulcerations or sores which havp destroyed th'e skin, aud show little disposition to hoal. This Oint ment purifies the blood, renders the local circulation vigorous, and represses excessive irritation, Ilollo- ivay's l'il'.s are . .particularly serviceable iu all strumous disorders,' hecauso they strengthen the stomach, improve tlip .digestion, excite a proper action in the liver, ''and pet as alteratives and pcricutp. ' .-.'a . . . . The English cricketers were entertained at a farewell dinuer ou Tuesday evening by the Melbourne Cricket Club, in the M.C.C. pavilion. Mr. E. G. Smith, one of tiie vice-presidents of the Melbourne Cricket Club, occupied the chair, and be tween' sixty and ! seventy gentlemen were nrese'nf. The' healths 'of the 'Hon. Ivo Blifh and the otlier members of the team were drunk with much' enthusiasm, the proceedings being throughout of the most enjoyable oharacter. __ ' A presentation was made on Wednesday morning at Messrs Boyle arid Scott's .1?' house,' Bourke street, to Mr W- E. Mid winter, in recognition of his excellent score of 92. not out, in the late match, England v. Yictoria.' The present consisted of a very handsome gold watch, inscribed as follows : — " Presented by 'a few friends to Mr W. E. Midwinter for Lis excellent score of 92, not out, for Yictoria, jn ' the match England r. Yictoria, March, 1SS3. . Mr D. Scott made the presentation in a few- well chosen words, and expressed tbe wish that the recipient might long "be spared to play many more such innings on behalf of the coldny. ' Mr Midwinter suitably res ponded, thanking his friends for their kind- pess, and hoping that he might on future occasions do as well for Yictoria. The watch, which was procured from Mr W. B. Way, of Bourke street, who was one of the subscribers, was a Very handsome and Valuable one. — Kerctld. With respect to the proposed boxing match betwee'n Miller and Hick'en Wednes day's Sportsman states that there is a com plete change of front on Hicken's part, in asmuch as he now' refuses to box, but will fight. Miller ' declines to enter the prize ring, but is willing to go as far as skin gloves, and has offered to put up $200 to Hicken's £100. Some surprise was created on Wednes day at the announcement that Sir Bryan O'Loghlen intended again contesting his old constituency, as his friends have for weeks past stated that Sir Bryan bad dis tinctly stated that he had no disposition to oppose the new' Ministers. The electoral campaign in West Bourke will be a brief one as Mr Deakin's first address to his con stituents will not bfc delivered Until Satur day night at Essendon, and as Good Friday is a holiday, the fight will be restricted to the first four days of next week. — Herald. The Tarrctngoioer Times says Somh of the teachers in our State Schools must have a rather exalted idea of the honor at tached to members of Boards of Advice, as is evidenced by the following verbatim copy of address and conclusion of a letter addressed to a local Board of Advice, not 100 miles distant : — " To the Honorable Correspondent of the most Honorable Board of Advice," and concludes, " I have the honor to be most noble sir, your most humble servant." If this style of address web more generally adopted there might probably not be such a dearth" of candidates for the'vacancies that occasionally occur. It is rio't often that a horse' dies under the operation of drawing a tooth. Recently, writes the Belfast Gazette, Mr Peter Barker, ofYambuk, brought hia favorite mare to Mr G. Hayden, farrier, to hare ' a front tdoth' extracted. It appears the dental had grown abnormally long and bad prevented the animal from eating, and consequently had fallen' ' off in con dition: Mr Hayden commenced the opera tion by striking the tqoth"' with a ham mer, in order to loosen it." When a few strokes had been given the1 mare com menced to shiver, as if in acute pain, and. after struggling for a few seconds' suc cumbed. - Amongst the papers left behind him by a German physician, who' died a few weeks ago, is one containing notes of certain opinions lie had arrived' afc; during a pro fessional experience1 of more fhan forty years. ' In one of these" notes lie expressed an opinion that at least a1 third 'of the ill nesses hf patients who sought his advice were purely imaginary: "He found it not only against his owh interes'tsV but also against that of his self-alleged 'sufferers, to des'troy the illusion" by informing them that there was really no cause for anxiety. Ill- health was to tliem'a tnatter of almost vital importance. To destroy the pleasing be lief that they possessed thi3 blessing was an absolute cruelty." ' It is stated that authentic documents have been recently brought' to light at ® Mentz, which' indubitably establish the fact that Joa'rii of Arc was not burnt either by the English or her' own countrymen, but that she liVed to be a rfesp'ected matron, having in 1436 been married to a Sieur de Hermois, or Armoise, 'of Lorraine, and ap parently " lived happy ever afterwards." The Lauiieesfan Examiner records the treatment of snake-bite hy permanganate of potash. As Mr John Hall wqs loading up his wheal: a rabbit leaped from on of his sheaves and made for a burtfow close by. Mr Hall caught it, 'arid stooping, groped with a stick in the burrow, but quickly withdrew as a snake with an angry hiss fastened on to the ball ofc hiss thumb. Mr. Hall shouted for a spade," apd speedily dug out two full.-grqwn snakes "and killed them. He then tied a ligature round his1 arm, and beginning to feel very queer he'' was driven to Longford as quickly as possible. Dr Mason cut the bite freHj applying to it permanganate of potash. He then opened one of the veins at the- elbow, and injected into it some of: the ' per manganate, giving ammonia and brandy internally at short intervals. Mr Hall' was Tery sick and drowsy during the day,' and had to be kept walking about with short intervals of rest. .The remedies used seem Co hare a decided effect, and although' Hall was not so well during the night, he' returned home on Wednesday, as the doc- tqj'thbught him out of danger. "A Munich man has invented an improve ment in the tone of pianos, by suspending a series of. tuning forks over the wires, each fork having thri< exact pitch of the string over which it is suspended. This gives a full and sustained: tone, in strong contrast to the usual shqVfnd dry tones of this in- ! strum'ent. v >"' a Queensland civilisation is still of the old primitive Australiari" fashion. On the newly Constructing" railway, for instance there are eleven sliantie's ani they are pro vided with fighting ' rum' warranted to kill at long range. These'dfevih' dens are also provided with seraphs' in petticoats, who (says the World) converse on equal terms with the navvies on the line." These com bined attractions proved too strong for the men and after last pay night there was a big debauch and an'rirgie only 'to be wit- nessedan Australia. The " navvies", were lying drunk all Saturday, celebrated Sun day m high old style,1 and were unable to resume work on Monday. : been industriously cir culated that Mr. G. R. Fincham is sitting m opposition to the Coalition Ministry, a friend of that gentleman wrote him for ari explanation, and received the following:—' Dunng the last two sessions Messrs Kerferd Wnxon, Fisher, Bowman, and others satin the corner in which I am sit! 1 ring, and on all occasions supported the' ttJrrn!.V Mr- /""Ami also ststes h0B the 01038 bMchesbe- 3 \lre ls.lore rom, as the members on the other side nearly overlap each other. of hiH Se'SUl'PriSe- anJ one dreaming of his sittifig in opposition whilst the policy of the new Government is not yet declared 