I USUEMA1NE OK TEE g MURE AI. K. and I had been looting forward with pleasurable anticipations to the Prince of Wales'birthday, on which date for years past, we have been in the habit of making a piscatorial excursion - to the junction of the rivers Murray and Goulburm I well re member our first trip some ten years ago. Oil that date we were looked on by some of the knowing ones as fit subjects for the Yarra Bend, to expect to catch fish, with the river 22 feet above summer level ; and drinks tere freely laid that we should not land a single finny 'un (N.B.-This is not intended for Fenian). Some went so far as to assert *e should not get the ghost of a nibble. The people at Ecliuca smiled iri a peculiarly pitying manner, at the same time pointing significantly to their foreheads, when the saw us driving-from the railway station in cabs that had been previously engaged to meet is ;but it was our turn to laugh at the look of blank astonishment on their* faces, when, onour return, bag after hag of booming great cod aiid breatn were thrown, into the goods Tan of the train. I cannot say for certaiu that weight we had on that ever memorable occasion. Some given to the long-sighted nles.id a ton ; but these were the classes of Australians that Tiollope wrote about. Others said fifteen hundred-height, but as i am called S," Truthful Jeames " by those *ho don't know me, I should say about half Hon would be near the mark. There was a pest glut in the fish market for some days, Hid if the price was somewhat low the fish 'Mea little high to make up for it. I canuot Kpress a big sigh as 1 think'of that party, Mil murmur with Hans Breitman-" Vere isn dat barty now !" If they have not all gone away, several of them have done so ; or or two have gone to the happy fishing pounds from which there is no return of ishermen. Hoop La!-Get on with the for melancholy. Our party this nsisted only of K. and myself. Wa ilarled by lust train on Thursday .night for Tuca, and stayed there that night ; off by at, ^alf-past five in the morning to a5"5.4''s Bridge oti the Goulburn, and found 6 Mel there had changed hands, the ngmal proprietor, Mr. Stewart, having '"e,° "is long home. We were, however, iJ P'^'bly entertained by the : present , "Pint, Mr. Lonjr; and before saying more giving a vvoiu ui .^muoe j worthy host and.hostess. Everything sctupnlousy clean. We had good square ?ta's; wery attention shown us, and a good placed at our disposal,- the charge for iibeing very moderate; and I can with con ;oce recommtud all knights of the rod to l"1 up there, the more especially as Mr. j .Jig intends having fish boxes, cross lines, j Jnics, and other things known, only to1 vitiated. Let me see-where was 11 I Member-Just landed at half-past six on e luorning of the ninth ; weather fine, but "?ewhat chilly. YVe were met with a band . "rasic by our old fiends the Murray night J es> called by some buzzing demons, by mosquitoes. However, we were not , lven back by a whole army of sucb w s ;*oWe set towork to secure a fish were not dissappointed, for by 4f°.f*kwehad landed eighteen nice lt. °. tsi nio'stly c«d;andblack perch, with ssch v weighing aboui three pounds kfli a'urally we were in high glee and ua refia®s even beating our exploit of 1873 1 taiW,,8i. ere evident!y on the take. After i t\e tj. ^00'cthe boat and went down i 'anvfw' althou^ we did not haul in so I it 5! W'ey were larger, and at the end UsJ, ys 8port we"had a grand bag. a a Kn°d stiff night-cap-and then to t;te .re( 'n°squittjes a chance, .vhich they taaesj ' take advantage of; For a V8 "U^ ^le question. I care ijdcl",,i ut son,e fi-w millions of thein, available avenue, but all to itlast -B' f-lle c,y sti11 they come. i r desperation, we resigned ii.'^stoniir t-i. ' ' tie. "ifS.l0l)Ur fate, determined to sleep or hi t -uri:»ttly a thunderstorm came sail i i ol!r Wi,y- accompanied by a cool :i 7' a smart' fall of hail, which ap ° mucii for our assailants, ? 1 -'(j iw-er<r eni|bled to appreciate the bene if V it ,,atur«'» sweet restorer, balmy Mflf-w s%l>ing, as 1 thought, about I l's>(lu"' i? Which time i had caught v!T"n,"Us c°d atid got twice snagged, '.:-4ttj|'el1 1' itw"ke by my chum asking <nni° liuui i{ 1 ""ended sleeping ''t-y'ttr. I'tillud very hard, but ah Ulu b,,hs w:ls :n'»uud and I hat. WnrV'r.^a-"1-, breakfast ah eight, '-'?'jdW ° ' s^au"htvv, during which time "'lWr!U'"lbfcr,,f «"rms lost the number Wke(tS:i 5l,r|lc ni°e fish went into l!J'.uga \r After filling in we decided on u-lay for a change, having bo :! far given our attention to the Goulburn. A j walk of some ten minutes brought us to i Victoria's king of rivers which we found to be I nearly bankhigh, butn'import*, the fidli, more i particularly the bream "were on feed") and "made oar reels play such music as would gladden the ears of any disciple of old ' Tssac Walton. Bring the landing net shouts K. " X can't" says I, " have a whopper in play," and the sport was fast and furious. Looking upwards dark clouds were seen hurrying across the sky, a low rumbling sound was heard, when as if by magic the fish knocked oQ biting. By night we had about as much to carry (not) as we could stagger under. The following day we again took to the oars. Back at sundown tired out, dinner, niglit cap-a douple dose-more mosquitoes-a little sleep, and Sunday morning dawns upon us, and a rough morning and day it was ; and even if it had not been the Sabbath, fishing would have been out of the question. By the way I notice in a recent number of the "Fishing Gazette" recently received from England, nearly all the angling societies make Sun day a field day, and nearly all the reports sent in to the paper, begin wibh " On Sun day last we had a fine take of trout, etc." or, " The river was too much flooded on Sun day." But it does not follow because our brothers 'across the water behaved wickedly, that we should do so : at any rate on Mon day we had a few hours before us, and you ' may be quife sure we made the most of them. We were fortunate enonsb to haul it) a splendid lot of big fish. We packed up our traps at about one p.m., paid our "shot " at the hotel, had a parting glass with the worthy and obliging boniface, and started for home, much pleased with our holiday. There was, however, a mournful tone about the song of the little fellows with the long beaks who seemed to say " come back, come back, " "cousin, cousin," but we drove away merrily, softly whistling the while " Not, for Joseph if we know it," followed by " The girl I left behind me. Castlernaine Leader, November 17th, 1SS3. 