? Hjcliard WagJier. SoiiE'flaBhes®f®iohard'Wa^er's^uaint.'dry .Innucr^tte.'.-yeniqffable vinfloceTDt) 3tiBt*wm : -sketches ot ius boyish, fancies, -tastes, and" ambitions. •"'W}ien Z vas;;nme yeare.'ol3," ie-.writes, "nothing pleased me so well as 'Ireischuetz.' 'J often-Saw Weher pafisour frnaee as"he came from rehearsal} IKJVCT' contemplated Mm with teacred nwc. My' tutor.-whosereguUrfnnctionitwastoBxplain -•GomeUusKepbs- tome.'wasohiigedatltattb cohsent to give me -pianoforte.lessons.:' '£b soon^as ihad mastered afewifingerjexercises^ I set -work secretly—and at &rBt; Without ^ the notes—to dearn the " JSreischuetz' over-; tare. One day toy tutor -happened to hear :3Jie practising,- and tihserved that 'I should' nevcr'do^ny good.' *-' He was gnite ri^ht; all 3ny,1ifeioag I3i&ve; never 'been to learn •'to^laythepiano. Boweverj^went on'pla.ying for my own sole' pleasure—jiothing ibnt A r overtures, and with the rilest ingeringf imaginable, ."...> My" musical occu- pations were, of course, secondary matters; the chief ones were Greek, Iistin, alyfliology, nd . Ancient History. . I -wrote ^ocms^Stoo..' J Ince a scboolfelio w died, flnd' jwe ^joj-s Mere :Sns6raeted : %'hnr master to iwrite,icaehof&is;;) a sei of vsses npon the death; tbehestof all, ihesaid, dionld'he printed:'?; sMineit wassthat: -oblained Ithe honors of type, but not until I had^pninedatioEtaany excrescences. s-'iAt that time I was €3e%-en years old. Nothing would do.aiaturally. but: ! mast become a poet. I therefore sketched out an enormous tragedy, made np tof jahout equal parts tit 'Hamlet ' aod '-Eing iisar.' ii-lie jilot wae reallymoat. •tremendous- . Eorty-two linman lieings per-. ished in the course of the piece,-and,I found: myself compelled, in order, to render a performance feasible, to bring most of my ;characters ion '.again as ghosts,^^ as otherwise I should have been short of dmmatis pcrionir for my -lasl two acts.. I was buBy with thiB play for two whole years. At school (Leipzig) X became idle and:knavish.. . The only thing I. cared for was my great tragedy. Bethoven.'s ronsic to • Egmont * etirred mc£o .powerfully just then that I resolved_not;to. bring out my. play . upon :any;account until it should he *%ts to music of • a Bimilar .character.. -. I had perfect -confidence in . my own.: capacity to wnti tbe^requisite music, hutthought it might per:; haps be as well, before beginning to compose it, to enlighten myself with, respect to a -few. selementary ; laws ,o£ thorough- bass;,, To this end I borrowed Iiogier's 'Method' for.a week, and studied it eagerly, but not with such fruitful results as I ha^ anticipated. The difficulties .of. counterpoint at once irritateoLand fascinated me; I resolyed to become a .musician^ . jMeanwhile iny huge tragedy had beendisco'iieredbyjnyfemily^aiidliadpro- .foundly, saddened, jthem by conelnsivelysprovi; ing.;that.1.must .have- thoronghly,, neglecteid: my Behoolwork on its account. Under these circunnstances I held my. tongue ahout my new vocation; as a musician: but none the less did I furtively compose a sonata, a quartette, and an ana. As soon as I felt myself sufiieiently matured hy my self-imposed mnsi-; cal studies, I. made; full confession to my people, with,whom Jhadiardbattles to fight; for they Tory naturally regarded my musicat yearning, as a passing passion—all the more, so as it certainly was not baced upon any Teal preparatory, study, or even npon a certamamount offacultyin playingnpon any inBtramenfc...«•„Just then the July Eevolution broke out; instantly .1 became a revo-. lutionist, and came to the conviction thai a. man possessed of a; grain of energy cannot but be .bonni to. occupy himsdf ..ezclnBively with .politics. , Forthwith X began an overture on a political subject, quitted school, and entered the University—not to devote myself to i the study of, a 1 Faculty,' for I felt myself dedicatedito a musical career, hut. to pick up, philosophy and.fflsthetics.. I.took no advantage whatsoever, however, of this opportunity, to improve my, education, but plunged into, all manner of student excesses, with-such frivoiity and extravagance that I .soon got sick of them. When I. came to my senses again, I felt the - necessity of recommcncing my musical .studies at the - very beginning, and slicking to them sternly, .-Providence permitted me to hght upon the right man to inspire me with new love for the art, and render it intelligible to„ me, by fundamental instruction. That man, was Theodor Wemhg. Under him. I studied counterpoint, andleamed to know and deeply love Mozart." . 