A TUB STOEY. By Biddy. New tubs, is it? Well, Mr. Carpenter, no doubt they'll be a dale nator than the ould ones, but they'll never be the -nmc to me. Am I attached to the ould tubs ? Why, cure, if you'll believe it, I've tho best of reasons forb'in' attached to them, for they saved my loife. indade they did, as I'm a living sinner. Master and Missus, as you must know, are well off people, with lashings of s Ivor nnd the loikc of thnt, and at the time I'm spaking ot' they kept them eaine in the house. They had no morefrar of being robbed than I have' at this minute, and they just turned a bit of a pantry key on thorn at night, and thought of no danger at all, at all. And no more did I, until the day oamo whin thero was a grand party at my missus' daugh tor'f, and sho and he went off to it together. ' We mightn't bo home to-night, Biddy,' says she; 'but you'd riot feel afraid of slaying in the housp along with Norn ? ' ' And why should I, ma'am ? ' says I. Tord help us, how little wo know of what's comin' ! ' Why should I, ma'am ? ' says I. ' There's no ghosts in it, I'm sartin.' And off they went together, him and her, and Macter Alfred ; and about nino o'clock Nnra and mo fastened the doors, and went to bed. Now, I've a corn that hurts me wonderfully because it's on the joint of my big toe, and nothing aise« it hut soaking it in s'dawater. So, after I'd been in bed an hour or more, that corn began to burn nnd smart to that dogray I was wild, and I thought to myself I'd go down into the kitchen, nnd soak my feet well, and pray the saints to better it. So, not to wake Nora, T slipped out as soft as silk, and down tho stairs, and nover lighting a light, for it was as bright as day with tho moon. I just let tho water in thn tubs, and stopp'ng on a chair, sat on tho wan of 'em wid me feet in the other, and let the warm wafcr run. nnd I was gotting a dale of comfort, whon, ull in a sudden, I heard a noise that mado tho Wood in my vein* run cowld. It was stops and tho jingling of silver in tho dining room, and Bomobody coming through thn jiassngo way to the kitchen. I'm a littio woman, by tho graco of heaven, and can alip in almost anywhere, and it came into mo mind that thin was tho timo to slip, and down I went, into tho tub, lotting the cover down ovor me, with just my finger in tho crack' to get a peep, and suro if I didn't seo enough to satisfy me. Two men — bail lucte to tnem '.— win crapo ovor their faces, and pistols in their hands. ' I told you there wai no ono here, Jim,' says oro. And I knew his voice, ond tho hands of him, with a crooked finger on ono — a mira that had bean pretending to want work of the master. 1 1 hoard something,' says he, ' and I'll look about me.' Then he poked around, paping over and into everything. ' The family is our,' Baid he, ' but that divil of a Bridget might bo hero, or tho other girl, Nora.' ' Thoy'ro safe asleep up-stairs,' says tho first ' They'd better stay there,' nays tho other, 'for I'd think nothing of siloncinjr the two. Thin is a good haul, JanV — unlid stuff ' ' I'd as soon put abullot through a screeohing woman as not,' eaid the ether. 'See here— hore's » pocketbook.' 't. wbs mino, with jist ten slnllines in it, but I didn't mind me money at that minute. Thoy took it out and counted it and di vidod it, nnd they seemed in no hurry to go, the villains. ' The silver is in the bags.' I heard them say. ' Maybo therVs clothes in tho tub,' says tho one ; and he lifted the lid of the ono next mo. My hoart gave a great flop, and I gave up myself for gono ' You'd be an idiot to tako wot clothes along witli ion,' said tho other. ' Here, whilo wo'ro waiting for the chance to go, let's havo a bite. Hore's a good leg of mul ton nnd somo bread.' Tho impudence of the thaveR ! But shuro tho next minute J'd just lifted mo head to pipe again, when orack- came the lid on it, and I know tho ? oraythers were Bitting1 on tho tubs, taking their suppor ., . ...i I wns nearly doad with, tlw .blow, and I'd. hnvo smothered but for tho ho'oin the.Jid that was thoro, glorv to heaven. ' '?..-'- ,. And I liy still, doubled up liko a frog,. and hoard thorn chew. *? ' ? ?-'??? And whether it was tho fright or the,, olose-. ness, I don't know, but I fainted away dead that minute. ? ? ? ' Whin it 'was daylight, Nora waked and nuBiodmo, and drcSsrid and camo dowtn.. ?; .',' Tho minute she saw what had happenod, sho rushed out into tbo street shieking for help, and in camo tho polico and neighbours, and suro they Baid I was in tho robbory, and had let tho thuves in, and mo lying unknownst in tho tub useless. They sont Nora for master and missus, and nobody, had tho sense to look for me, until missus, heaven bless her, eays, says sho : ' I'd trust Biddy witli untould gold. Suro they've killed her. Look the house through.' And then sho turned so faint I hat master run to the tub for water,' and lifting the lid, suro there was I, with a broken head, and no know lodgo in it And tho wonder is I didn't get carried to tho dead-house and identified for somebody else, the way it happened to my cousin Samuel that camfl back from a bit of a journey to. find them 'waking' him, being took for hi3 own ghost. .. ') hey took mo out, and sure getting mo straight. was o hard job, Nora said, I'd been ' doubled up that long, but I camo to at last; ; and it .was owin' to my seoin' them, Bnd being able to swear who wan of thim w«, that - muster and missus got back the Bilvor, and tho thaves were sent to gaol. ' I wish you'd poked yonr ugly head out of that tub, Mirs Bridget,1 says one of them in '.' . tho eoort ? .-. - ' But, bless the tubs, T didn't,' says I, ' and '? here I am to confound ye.' . Yes, Mr. Crpontor; now you've got the whole story, and make tho new tubs if you like ; but give nie a bit of the ould ones to- remimber them by,1 'av ye plaze. 