Charges Against the EOY. John Osborne. THE inquiry respecting tho charges preferred against the Rev. John Osborne was continued at the distriot meeting in the York-street "Wesleyan Church on Thursday and Friday. Previous to the inquiry being proceeded with on Thursday morning, attention was oalled to tho reports of the pro« oeedings whioh appeared in the daily papers. Great indignation was expressed that any mern« ber or members of the meeting should aot so un« worthily as to oonvey to the Press reports of tho proceedings before the, oaso had been settled. The reports whioh had been published were unfair and unfaithful. It was then proposed that the writers of the reports should be oharged with committing a breaoh of privilege. Suoh a proceeding was strongly condemned, and one momber present declared that he would not be brought into bondage by any suoh " Star- ohamber " attempt. This expression was subsequently withdrawn. The resolution, however, was ultimately passed by a large majority. On the motion of the Rev. G. Hurst, it was then resolved,-" That a full report of the pro- ceedings, containing the entire evidence, with the findings of the meeting, be published in the daily papers at the close of the caso." The meeting then proceeded to take evidence on the remaining charges, viz., " General mode of preaohing" and " Ministerial oonduot in the oirouit." On the first of these charges, evidence was given by the Rev. J. B. Waterhouse, who stated that he had heard Mr. Osborne's sermon on Buddhism, and felt deeply pained as he left the church at the almost entire absenoe of Methodist doctrine throughout the dis. oourse. The Rev. G. Hurst, who had heard Mr. Osborne on several oooasions, described what to him appeared objectionable peculiarities in his style of preaohing. Regarding Mr. Osborne's ministerial oonduot in the oirouit, evidence was rooeived by letter and by oral testimony, but was not regarded as implying any- thing serious. This completed tho evidence in the case. Mr. Osborne then addressed the meet ing at considerable length in his defence. He spoke with great self- possession, clearness and force, and was listoned to throughout with marked attention. He oommenoed by stating his belief in all the cardinal truths of Christianity. In referring to his sermon on Roman Catholicism, he re- peated what ho had before said, that his purpose on that oooasion was honestly and fearlessly -to exhibit tho excellencies and faults of the system. He pointed out that nothing he had then uttered on some of the excellencies of this system was half so broad or forcible as passages to be found in the writings of Wesley on the same subject. Two or three of these passages he read. He maintained that his teach- ing in that sermon on Romanism was not at variance with the standards of the Method- ist Church. While he felt that his motives were pure and honest in striving thus to do men good, and especially to be useful to Roman Catholios, lae oonld not retraot anything he had said on the sub jeot. He had como to the York-street Church with no other purpose than to preach Christ and Chris- tianity ; and ne was determined, should it be the will of his brethren to give him the opportunity, toloon* tinue to do so with all his might. He had already been greatly encouraged in his work in the city, and sincerely hoped nothing would occur to interrupt him in this work. Mr. Osborne then retired from the meeting, that his pre- sence might in no way embarrass the decision. After long and careful consideration, the following resolu- tions .were adopted:-"That after hearing Mr. Os- borne's frank declaration of his belief in the Deity of the Lord Jesus Christ, in His atonement for sin by His death, in the Deity of the Holy Ghost, in the plenary inspiration of the Holy Scriptures, and in the efficacy of prayer ; having hoard also his declaration of sin- cere attachment to Methodist doctrine generally as embodied in our acknowledged standards, we cordi- ally accept his statements as full and satisfactory. At the same time we regret that his method of presenting these truths is at times so inexact as to produco the impression on the minds of some that ho is erroneous in doctrine. 2. In reference to the sermon delivered in the York-street Church on Sunday evening, April 22, 1883, on Roman Catholicism, we aro convinced that Mr. Osborne is sound in tho dootrines of Pro-. testantism, as held by the Methodist Churoh. Yet from the evidence we are satisfied that in the former part of his discourse he was so unguardedin his state- ment as to appear to advance doctrines not in harmony with our standards. 3. That the preBi dont communicate the foregoing resolutions to Mr, Osborne." There is but little cause for alarm here in connec- tion with the recent quarantining of the ship Poonah at Suva, Fiji, with coolies aboard. Although severe sickness was experienced on her voyage there, and no less than 26 deaths occurred, every precaution is being taken to oomply with the most rigid quarantine laws. The whole distriot near the station is under strict "taboo" by the natives. A boat's crew absconded from tho vessel a few hours after her arrival, but they were speedily cap- tured. It was rumoured in Suva that another death from smallpox had ocourred on board tbe vessel, and very much alarm was thereby occasioned ; but so far as is at present known, any diseases on board aro not likely to spread. Meanwhile, the' instructions issued by the New South Wales Government, if thoroughly carried out, should effectually prevent the introduc- tion of disease from Fiji to this colony. 