MISCELLANEOUS. The number of miles of Government lines of railway open in South Australia is 981. Mr. Matthew Burnett, it is said, intends returning to South Australia. The total number of insolvencies in the colony for the year ending June 30 was 440. The opening of the section of the railway between Mount Barker and Aldgate takes place to-day. The Northern Areas Cricketing Associa- tion intends sending a team of 15 to Ade- laide during the Christmas week. The old grandstand on the Adelaide Racecourse was partially demolished by lightning on Friday night last. Women are in the majority in England and Germany, while in France there are only 88 females to every 100 males. The Jamestown paper says there is a scarcity of men suitable for farm work in Belalie, farmers being unable to get in their hay for want of men. The six sets of steam-scooping machinery in the colony have cost £22,474. The cost of cultivating 135 acres at the Model Farm, Roseworthy, by steam cultivator was 13s 8d per acre, the depth of soil turned up varying from 10 to 16 inches. Two enormous bullocks were killed in Melbourne last week. When dressed for the market the carcase of one of them weighed 1,820 lbs, and that of the other 1,742 lbs. The larger of the two is sup posed to be the heaviest ever slaughtered in the colonies. ? Lord Garmoyle, the son of Earl Cairns, one of the noblest men in Britain — is, to the fury of his parents, about to marry Miss Fortescue, an actress. An actress who has captured an Earl's son is naturally a sub ject of a great deal of popular interest. iSince the announcement of the marriage £10,000 worth of her photograpJis is said to have been sold ! Melbourne Punch lets off the following joke anent the Woods railway brake: — .Robinson — 'Excuse me, Brown, but I notice you always allude to your servant as Woods' brake. May I ask why ?' Brown — ' You may, dear boy. It is because she is always stopping in the middle of her work.' A writer of a letter in last week's Aus tralasian, hailing from Norwood (S.A), advocates the claims of Jarvis, Noel, and W. Giffen to be included in the Australian Eleven. The editor of that journal is very much in favor of Jarvis, but does not men-: tion any of the others. He suggests the names of Bruce, Scott, aud W. H. Cooper to the selection Committee. The importation into the United States of tinplate for the year 1882 amounted to 240,000 tons, valued at £3,600,000 in dock at Liverpool; but by the time duties, freights, interest, and importers' and jobbers' expenses and profits were added, these represented a cost to the American con sumer of not less than £6,000,000. Mr. Frank Buckland, writiug on the sub ject of sleeplessness, says : — ' Everybody knows the taste of onions. This is due to a peculiar essential oil contained in this most valuable and healthy root. This oil has, I am sure, highly soporific powers. In my own case it never fails. If I am much % pressed with work, and feel I shall not sleep, I eat two or three small onions, and the effect is magical.' A remarkable phenomenon has been ob served lately at several places in the Madras and Bombay Presidencies, and has caused much interest, mingled with not a little alarm among tho superstitious. For some days the sun presented a distinctly green color. Several explanations have been put forward, of which the most plausible ap pears to be that offered by the Government Astronomer that it is due to the passage across Southern India of clouds of sulphurous vapor from the Java volcanoes. In New Zealand the proprietors of some the greater estates have begun that burat ing-up process which is prophesied for all good agricultural lands through which rail ways pass. The New Zealand and Aus tralasian Land Company, upon no lees than five stations in Canterbury, Otago, and Southland, have picked out some of the most fertile portions and sold them at satis factory prices to bona-Jide farmers. The prices, as quoted in the latest papers re ceived, vary from £2 to £2 10s per acre. The lowest of these prices in Otago would be twice the first cost of the land, the highest in Canterbury about five times that amount. This is what the South Australian Times Bays of a certain canny Scotchman : — ' Mr. Archibald Forbes is evidently .a man of rare discernment. He rattled through Austra lia, danced at a few balls, flirted at a few picnics, and he was able to make up his mind definitely on points which other men would have studied for years before feeling them selves qualified to express an opinion on them. Other visitors have been splenetic, and have seen little good in us. We now know that it was because they were envious or disappointed men. But justice has at length been done. A clever writer has deeply studied the social condition of the Australian communities in the capital city of each colony for several days, and has shown himself to be out first honest ad A correspondent signing himself ' Glare' writes to the Register ot Saturday as fol lows : — ' You remark rightly in your leader of yesterday's date that too much im portance should not be attached to memorials from the country districts against the Jubilee Exhibition. Take the one from Clare, e.g.— it will be seen that this was signed by only 126 persons, the total adult males in the district being 378. Many of those who signed did so hastily, and simply because aeked to do so. If they were asked to sign a request to have the moon removed they would comply with equal readiness. As a resident of Clare, I wish to express my sorrow that so many persons should have allowed the views of a few shopkeepers to find expression thua. I am sure that the Exhibition will be a great success, the croa,k«rs notwithstanding.' A singular accident ie reported from Switzerland. A. new iron bridge over the Joess, Canton Zurich, had just been com pleted, and in order to test its stability three waggons laden with cotton were drawn across it, a number of the local authorities being on the spot watching the proceedings. As the waggons started the bridge yielded slightly to their weight, and they had hardly reached the middle when the entire structure collapsed, and waggons, horses, and spectators were precipitated into the stream. Her Ott, Mayor of Zefl, was killed, and Herr Winkler, a member of the Great Council, and two other persons, one of them the engineer, were so badly hurt that they are not expected to recover. The breakdown i« ascribed to the indifferent quality of the iron of which the bridge waa constructed. i In Arizona and California, and also in Western Texas and New Mexico, the farmers have annually to contend against the destructive habits of certain rodents, whose ravages have often devastated entire sections. The central and southern portions of California especially are overrun by in numerable squirrels, which increase with such rapidity that the means hitherto em ployed to destroy them have proved ^wholly inadequate. la Arizona, New Mexico, aud Western Texas several varieties of rabbits are equally destructive with the squirrels of California, and the huge field rats of Southern Arizona and the frontier. These destructive animals eat the tender shoots of the cereals as soon they appear above ground ; but worse than all, they burrow in the earth to euch an extent that in a few hours a vast field of thriving grain will pre sent the appearance of a thoroughly ploughed plain. A systematic war of extermination has become necessary. The greatest day's loss ever suffered on the racecourse by one man was in the case of the Marquis of Hastings, and there is a tale connected with it as sensational as any thing in Monte Christo. In 1868 the Marquis came into the inheritance of a colossal fortune. He made up his mind to win the ' blue ribbon' of the English turf, and he fell in love with Lady Elizabeth Paget. The Paget family was not conspi cuous for female virtue. Lady Elizabeth was engaged to be married to Mr. Chaplin, but the rank of her aristocratic lover caused her affections to change, and the day she was to have been wedded to Chaplin she sloped with the Marquis of Hastings. The Marquis had a filly entered for the Derby, named after his wife, and on the day of the race was betting on her. Chaplin ran a horse whose powers had been kept a close secret, and who started at 40 to 1. Chap lin's Hermit won, and the jilted lover was sweetly revenged by seeing the man who had wronged him ordered out of the betting ring like a common welsher. The Marquis of Hastings lost £120,000 that day. Whilst a fisherman named Leady was doing some repairs to his nets recently, at Barna, about two miles from Gal way, he observed a large whale floating about in a shallow amongst a number of rocks. Having got in front of it he commenced pelting it with stones, and calling on two other men, who were some distance away at the time, they came to his assistance, and succeeded in stoning it to death, the water at the same time becoming discolored with the great flow of blood. When about lifting the fish to the land they were alarmed by a fierce splashing in the water outside, and on looking round beheld a large whale lashing the sea with its tail, and plunging in the direction of the dead one. From the fierceness of its attempts to get inside the shallow it killed itself by battering its head against the rocks. By this time a large □umber of persons had assembled, who succeeded, by tying ropes around both whales, in landing them. The first fish was about eight feet long, while the larger one, which was supposed to be its mother, was nearly 24 feet, and weighed about six tons. Some Sicilian engineers are about to con struct a railway which is to be something more important tnan a pleasure line. Toe eides of the highest of the Italian moun tains are cultivated by a large though scattered population. The area includes as many as seventy-five villages, with a popula tion of little less than 400,000 inhabitants. This district, extending up the mountain side to an altitude of over 1,000 metres, is planted with oranges, lemons, and vines. No soil in Sicily is more rich and productive, and where the vines cease to grow the woods begin, stretching up the mountaiu side to within 100 metres of its summit. The first object of the new line will be to connect all those neighboring villages which have between them voted the sums necessary for the launching of the venture. Tourists who decide to look into a crater and to arrive at their object by steam power must still confine themselves to the slope of Vesuvius unless Mount Hecla should have some more practical association with steam than those geysers which Dr. Johnson begged a traveller who had seen them never again to mention them unless he wished to make a very poor figure amongst educated people. Mr. Porter Rhodes, the fortunate owner of the priceless diamond that bears his name, is at present in Paris awaiting the result of a competition between two millionaires deshious of possessing the jewel. The stone was found in his mine at Kimberley, South Africa, in the beginning of 1880, and made a great sensation among the diggers when the discovery was made known about four months later. Mr. Porter Rhodes was obliged to satisfy their curiosity by exhibit ing the diamond. Accordingly he placed it in a friend's office, charged a sovereign for admission and in this way received £100 within the first two hours. Altogether he made by the exhibition £600, which he gave to the local hospital. On his arrival in England he ?was honored with an invita tion to Osborne in order that Her Majesty might inspect the stone. He was after wards taken to Osborne Cottsge and had an interview with the Empress Eugenie. Mr. Porter Rhodes considers that his diamond as far surpasses the Kohinoor in purity as it does in weight, the Indian etone weighing 106J carats, the Cape diamond about 150 carats. He said to his interviewer, 'I shall at least fulfil one mission — I shall have con vinced the world that the Cape diamonds are as radiantly pure and blue-white as the Dresden Drop and the Braganza. I shall thus upset one popular delusion.' Under the heading of 'How these Christians Love one Another,' the Mel bourne Punch writes: — 'The Rev. Joh« Gisbome, of York Street Wesleyan Church, Sydney, has been worried out of the con nection because he ventured to speak a few kindly words concerning the late Archbishop Vaughan. Ha took care at all times to let it be known that he differed, toto ecdo, from the deceased prelate in matters of religious belief, but admitted that he admired him for his talents, learning, energy, and zeal in the cause of what he (I)r. Vaughan) believed to he right. For this mortal offence, Mr. Osborne has been compelled to resign his position, to save his ' brethren' the trouble ?f kicking him out. He told his congrega tion that the matter was all arranged, and that, sooner or later, he'd have to skip ; eo he thought he'd better go at once. This, of course, is another great triumph of religion — one of those grand victories over the world, the flesh, and the devil, which cause the Daily Telegraph to slobber with grati tude, and the Soutliern Cross to howl for joy. The Master associated with publicans and sinners, but it appears that a Wesleyan preacher may not even speak well of — not to — a Roman Catholic archbishop, who was admittedly an ornament to his church and to society, without becoming unclean, and getting his walking ticket. And yet we boast that this is an age of toleration and charity ! 'I remember very well,' said General Pleasanton the other night, after glancing over the latest volume of the Comte de Paris' history of the late Rebellion, ' when the Comte de Paris, his uncle, the Prince de Joinville, and his cousin came to see me on the York River, down on the peninsula. I was in command of the old Second Dragoons, now the Second Cavalry, and we were awaiting orders there for a month or more. In the meantime, knowing; the lusciousness of the world-famous York rivers, I had taught my men to dig up oysters and roast them on the bank of the river. We had pepper and salt and the other accompaniments, and we fared sumptuously every day. When the Prince de Joinville and his party joined us we feasted them on our delicious oysters, fresh from the river and hot from the fire. ' Where did you get these ?' said the Prince, gulping them down with zest ; * from New York?' «No,' I said; 'from the York River, right at your feet.1 And then I told him what accomplished oyster-catchers the Second Dragoons were. ' Well,' said the Prince, swallowing another, hot and juicy, * if I were to tell that story in Paris they would say it's an American lie — dragoons don't catch oysters in war times.' ' The following story of an English noble man, recently deceased, is told by a corres pondent of a contemporary. ' The duke,' he siys, ' was once in church when a collec tion was announced for some charitable object. The plate began to go round, and the duke carefully put hie hand in his pocket and took out a florin, which he laid laid on the pew before him, ready to be transferred to the plate. Beside him sat a little snob, who, noticing this action, imitated it by ostentatiously laying a sovereign alongside the ducal florin. This was too much for his Grace, who dipped his hand into his pocket again and pulled out another florin, which he laid by the side of the first. The little snob followed suit by laying another sovereign beside the first. His Grace quietly added a third florin, which was capped by a third sovereign on the part of the little snob. Out came a fourth florin to swell the duke's donation, and then the little snob triumphantly laid three sovereigns at once upon the board. The duke, not to be beaten, produced three florins. Just at this moment the plate arrived. The little snob took up his hand ful of sovereigns, ostentatiously rattled them into the plate, and then turned de fiantly to his rival as if he would eay, ' 1 think that takes the shine out of you.' Fancy his chagrin when the duke, with a grim smile, put one florin into the plate and quickly swept the remaining back into his pocket !' The unmarried gentleman who has just started at a Vienna lottery for single ladies, in which he himself is to be drawn for, is a very courageous innovator. He is, it ap pears, well favored by nature, tall, stalwart, and good looking ; his disposition (we have his own word for it) is agreeable ; but he is entirely without fortune. So he thought of this novel expedient to find a wife, and at the same time raise a little money. The lottery tickets are sold at 50 kreuzers each, and it is stipulated that none but single women can purchase them. The starter of this original scheme, who is a man under 30, binds himself to a written agreement on his part to lead to the altar, and take for better or for worse, the lady who may draw the lucky number, and who besides a husband ' desirable in every respect,' will receive as a wedding present the 100,000 florins pro duced by the lottery. This is all very well and no more risky, perhaps, from the point of view of future conjugal happiness than the application to a marriage office or the answering of a matrimonial advertisement. But the gentleman who offers himself as a prize ought have taken one precaution. Nothing is said concerning the age of ticket buyers. This is a mistake, for the winning number may by chance fall to the share of some epinister well advanced in years, in which case the bridegroom may wish, too late, to cry off from the bargain. Mr. J. E. Redmond delivered a lecture on 'Home Rule' in Kapunda on Wednesday last to an audience of not more than 50, according to the local paper. ' Previous to the lecture' says our contemporary ' one of those disgraceful disturbances occurred which we regret to say a section of the Christian Church — the Salvation Army — appear to take a delight in creating. In order to give Mr. Redmond a receptive demonstration his sapporters had arranged to have the Kapunda band located at Crase's balcony to discourse music prior to the commencement of the lecture. There was no harm in this that we could see, but the leader or the Salvation Army made it the excuse for. indulging in a hostile demon stration. They formed in procession and went for their usual march, headed by their band, through the town. By this time the other band had commenced to play on Crase's balcony, and when the Sal vationists returned instead of proceeding to their barracks the; marched up and down in front of the hotel, and this they per sisted in repeating several times. As each band was striving to drown the strains of the other the din may be better imagined than described. The sympathies of the crowd which had collected attracted by the scene were decidedly adverse to the Salvationists, who were clsarly the cause of the disgraceful and uuchristianlike uproar, and they would have no one to blame but themselves if the mob had resorted to a demonstration of its feelings in a more forcible manner than it did ; fortunately for the Salvationists the onlookers contented themselves by giving' vent to their disgust in hoots and groans. Possibly the leader of the Salvation Army may be able to explain his share in the proceedings, but, having seen the whole of the affair, -we are afraid his explanation will be exceedingly lame and unsatisfactory.' Mr. Labouchere, writing in Truth, ex presses his opinion that General Booth is either 'a mad fanatic or a designing knave.' It eeems that the General, who has pur chased the Eagle Tavern and Grecian Theatre with the Army money, is now run ning the place as a public-house, being un willing to sacrifice the gain that accrues from the liqaor traffic, until such a time at the present holder's lease of the tavern shall have expired. Truth and Figaro are, in point of fact, making thingi rather tropical for the gallant commander. General Booth, they say, lives in a big house, and he, with his family, browses on the fat of the land ; and JLabouchere, m particular, seems interested in finding out par ou qyCon passe. We might ask something similar about 6ome of our ' 'oly hofEcers.' A casual glance at the Weekly Schreech divulges the fact that some one in Sydney is doing ex cellent work. Here is one of his ads. : — ' SISTERS, we are making arrangements for your Uniform., Keep believing.' The ' testimonies' continue to flow in, and at Newtown they had 'REAL HOLY GHOST TIME. On our way to the hall, some one, through yielding to the devil's devices, PELTED US WITH ROTTEN EGGS.' One convert found ' smoking a hindrance to holiness,' and ' No. 2, a sister, found that she loved her feathers, and coulc not get the blessing until ehe gave up all.' The ' Happy Coachman,' too, is etill in a high condition of glory, but not more than the ' Washed-in-the-fountain Pugilist,' whose testimony is as follows :—?'' Thank God, I am saved. I am known as Jimmy Niff. I have,' he said, * fought Big Ben and Yorkey to my Sorrow. Seven years ago I had the organs of my face broken/ ' In return for their highly successful efforts in a general bombardment of the devil, the officers have the handling of a lot of money. A London paper states that the balance sheet forwarded to it by Booth is a docu ment about as intelligent as the hieroglyphics upon the Chinese tea-chests, and an idea seems to be spreading that the game of salvation is a pastime of a lucrative description. The Sydney authorities have not bothered us personally with a balance sheet so far, but we suppose they will do so shortly. We want to find out who's battening on our shilling. — Sydney Bulletin. Old Deacon Sharp never told a lie, but he used to relate this: He was standing one day^ beside a frog pond — we have his word for it — and saw a large carter snake make an attempt on an enormous bullfrog. The snake seized one of the frog's hind legs, and the frog, to be on a par with his snakeship, caught him by the tail, and both commenced swallowing one another, and continued this performance till nothing waa left of either of them. Wedlock without love is like a feast of dishes — a mere show and deception. We would sooner wed an almshouse than a female minus a heart. Well, we would. ' Take care of the useful, and the beauti ful will take care of itself.' This is what the fond and numerous father remarked when he married off his ugliest daughter firat. A man boasted once that his sight was so acute that he could see a fly walking close to the top of a steeple. ' Well,' said one of his companions, ' I cannot see so well as that, but my sense of hearing is so keen that I can hear the sound of your fly's foot steps.' One individual accosted another at the corner of a street in the middle of the night with a demand for ' his money or his life 1' ' Stop a bit !' replied the other, ' that is precisely what I was about to say myself !' A peasant, quite unaccustomed to theatrical amusements, was once present at the representation of a melodrama, in one of the scenes of which an assassin, concealed behind the door, awaited the passing of his victim. As soon as the actress who repre sented the victim made her appearance the countryman started from his seat, and shouted, 'Take care, madam! that old rascal is behind the door, and is going to murder you !' An American lecturer wished to explain to a little girl how a lobster casts its shell when he has outgrown it, so, by way of illustration, he said, 'What do you do when you have outgrown your clothes? You throw them aside, don't you ?' ' Oh no,' said the little one, ' we let out the tucks.' The coal dealer sells his merchandise in 11UB IO BUHI. Cards are the devil's books. By all means, then, let us cut them. ' You're a queer chicken,' as the hen said when she hatched out a duck. The sign-painter wasn't very far wrong when he made a chemist's sign read : 'Physicians' prescriptions carefully con founded.' The reason that a baggageman recently hurled himself from a fourth-story window was that he was insane and thought he was a trunk. An Arkansas man recently committed suicide, and as he left the whisky bottle in his pocket nearly full he was judged insane. Charles Lever, in one of his stories, tells of a dashing individual who boiled bis hams in sherry wine, whereat an honest Hibernian exclaimed — 'Bedad, I wish I was a pig myself.' A friend was staying with a Welsh parson, and heard him preach in the after noon^ 'By Jove,' said he, 'there was good in your sermon. I didn't think you — ahem,' ' It would be odd if there was not,' said the preacher. ' It was one of Bishop Butler's.' 'Bishop Butler's was it P 'Well, now, you surprise me. I have read Dr. Butler's sermons, and I did not re cognise it.' 'Oh,' says the other, 'you don't know how I manage. I have two services — one in Welsh, one in English. Well, I translate his sermons into Welsh to begin with, and thus I am safe; my Welsh flock don't read Butler. Then I take my Welsh and translate it into Eng lish, and after that the old boy himself would not know them again.' ' You are such a strange girl,' said Charlie ; ' really, I don't know what to make of you.' ' Well, then, I'll tell you, Charlie,' replied Araminta ; ' make a wife of me,' Charlie did eo at the earliest op nortunitv. 