PSYCHOLOGY. TO THE EDITOR. Sir— Your leader on supernaturalism 1ms ful, and as I have had personal experiences ia these psychological wonders and pozzies sucb as few can boast of, I crave some apace ia your valuable paper to offer suggestions, encouraged by your concluding remarks, that the testimonies of the eminent scientists you mention should elicit our interest in this nroblem. If the fever and race after so-chIImI spiritual wonders has subsided, I rejoice that it has at least shifted from the market of sensational shows and trade, with its unavoid able humbugs and imposture, to the private chambers of truth- seeking philosophers and such investigators in gmeral who recognise the danger of superficial research and hasty conclusions. The impostors have, I believe, played out their game, but have done much good by enhancing the value and importance of true and genuine phenomena, for if we fail to determine the practical results and merits to everybody's satisfaction, the now established basis of the reality of these marvel lous phenomena is quite a sufficient fact to challenge further study or respectful silence. The ' exposers' of spiritualism who impose on the credulity of sceptics find their (trade fast going at ebb ; for the tables have turned and whilst some years ago no eminent philo sopher would risk his position by publicly expressing a belief in the reality of the mysterious facts or the ability of their wit nesses, recent progresses seem to have dis armed the most stubborn sceptics, and no learned man of fame would dare to protest, lest his reputation might be in danger. If I may touch on some points in your article, let roe correct the excusable mistake of placing' that famous medium, Dr. Slade. in the list of impostors. The great A. R. Wallace tested the most extraordinary power of this medium to the point, and the late Professor Zjllner wrote his remarkable book. ' Transcendental Physic,' chiefly on experiments with this eminent medium immediately after his 'ac- quittal.' The Slade case and its hasty ac cusers will be duly judged by, after genera tions. When in the trial the 'conjurors' had had their full play to betrilder public opinion, then eminent witnesses, among them A. R. Wallace, stepped forward, and the judge's (Mr. Flower's) sentence was about to the following effect:— 'The testimonies in your favor are overwhelming, bat neverthe less I must condemn you on the ground of a clause in the law which forbids taking money for diverse subtle powers, &c.; ;' thua an old clause (under King: James) had to help out of the 'mess.' and it seems every law will have its *' bite' once more before laid by. Soon after, another powerful medium, Dr. Monck, was 'trapped' in Hudderafield, and the sentence there virtually was, 'A clear proof of deception cannot be given, but we must follow the lead in Bow- street Slade case,' &c.; Surely these proceedings strongly remind one of Pontius Pilate when he washed bis hands. The slate-writing defies all theories of trickery when the double-folded and well closed slate is brought by the investigator and not touched by the medium, and writing is still found inside. One of the most powerful tests in this line was receivedby A. R. Wallace at my private seance. He came with his double- folded slate, which never quitted his hands. After showing the clean slates he secured them by binding them close together, and then put the question — 'Sow many persons are in this (my) room ?' and instead of the simple number seven, the reply was written inside, 'Four gentlemen and three ladies.' But the crowning test had to come. In the second experiment he was requested by the medium to wish a par ticular word to be written by the invisible agency, which succeeded under the same crucial conditions. He published this plain fact in the London Spectator. The obstacle to progress is the uncertainty of these experiments in comparison with those on the physical plane. The conditions are still so mysterious that even a repetition cannot be granted, although apparently the same advantages may tend to make one expect a similar result. It is, vaguely speaking, somewhat like experimenting with clouds beyond our control. Manifestations violently disturbed by fanatical sceptics often expose traces of fraud, if superficially viewed, whilst patient waiting develops results which silence the most sanguine unbelievers. Table-moving will not convince absolutely, as long as the hands arc in contact with the table, but if heavy bodies float suspended, and move ac cording to expressed desire, there begins the perplexity. Semi- spiritual phenomena divide sceptics and believers into equal numbers, but if the further develop- ment of the mysterious force defies human aid and knowledge of physical laws then we stand aghast. I may liken these different phases of power to the flight of a big bird. It cannot rise at once, but has to run, until the wings get the better of it and lift it from the ground. ' Likewise grand manifestations, even the stupendous ma- . ; terialisation of spirit, often begin with a kind .. ?. ?? of ' muddle,' taxing the patience of sharp '' observers to the quick. I have witnessed these materialisations or embodiments of spirits in all phases, from partial appearances to the most beautiful angelic forms. Usually the medium has to sit apart from the circles, in a kind of cabinet, to concentrate 'power.' This necessity hangs of course on the imagination of sceptics, even if the medium is 'secured' by fetters of the most intricate kind. I had the rare opportunity of witnessing these ' forma tions' of human beings without cabinet, a whitish cloud gradually shaping into a living figure before our eyes and in a good light. The Rev. Mr. Colley, now dean at Natal, witnessed and publicly testified to these phe nomena, which transpired in my room, and under conditions which make the idea of col lusion simply absurd. I obtained proofs of the reality and temporary solidity of these 'forms' by receiving moulds of the hands and feet of them by placing a' vessel with liquid (melted) paraffin in the room. The casts show the skin lines and markings as of living beings, but entirely different from any hand or foot of persons in the room. Trickery is here out of the question, since these results cannot be imitated, even were the circle com posed of conjurors. How carefully I set to work to test these marvels I may illustrate by describing how I obtained so-called spirit photos. After informing myself of about six different methods to produce them by fraud, I resolved to cut off the last chance of decep tion; bought a camera and book of instruction, and placed, after enabling myself to produce tolerable photos, my private circle (four members) in my room, allowed nobody even to touch the camera or plate, and manipulated strictly myself through all experiments. I got seven times the same form on the plate which I had seen over and over again in my private materialisation seances. The tremendous results which subsequently re warded the most critical investigators up to the present time leave an explanation of illu sion or deception only in the heads of such prejudiced sceptics as cannot recognise the testimony of able men, or are incurable vic tims of modern materialism, against which monster, with its outgrowths revolutionism and Nihilism these signs lift their voice. Several years ago the Dialectical Society in London resolved to crush the dangerous de- . lusion, not by abuse, but by crucial investiga tions, but their published report honestly con firmed the reality of these phenomena and stirred the whole scientific world. To me the most important feature in these bewilder ing facts is their harmony with the Scrip tures. Besides these physical marvels, in cluding the gift of healing by laying on of hands, the intellectual proofs, as clairvoyance, thought reading, trance-speak lng(in some cases in languages totally unknown by the medium), &c;, engage our wonder and attention. In I. Corinthians, chapter xii., St. Paul says — ' Of spiritual gifte I would not have you ignorant,' and lie enlarges on the several phases of mediumship, now everywhere con firmed and exercised. At a recent church con gress in England distinguished clergymen spoke strongly in favor of spiritualism, which was by one considered as coming to the rescue of Christianity, which rested on the belief in miracles. The London Daily Telegraph ipubliahed for several months let ters on 'Truth about ghosts.' and the con cluding leader frankly admitted the losing ground of scepticism , in spite of numerous case* of imagination or coincidences. There are many instances of rapport between suddenly dying persons and relatives or friends resting on reports which command attention by their complexity of circumstances ruling any at tempt of coincident out of court. The sur prising discoveries of electric telegraphy and the telephone and optical communication help us to explain these mysteries of apparitions on rational grounds, if we accept the possi bility of invisible connections between spirits in and out of the body, set free, as it were, by violent catastrophes. The phenomena run through the scale from the trivial and repulsive up to the sublime, and it would be ii^fftir to judge only from one link in the chain. Still, the trashy and vulgar manifes tations maintain in the majority : and adding to this the conduct of many mediums it is no wonder that the cry of sensational delight should turn into the reaction of sheer disgust, and terrify those persons who judge more by feeling and taste than by unbiassed reason. A medium is the passive instrument of in visible occult powers, and by constant 'controls' looses its own 'self' if not carefully guarded (like the mediums of the old Grecian oracles), and presents often' a pitiable sight of moral corruption. They are like blank leaves on which good to evil powers' may write,' according to chance. My firm opinion is that we are surrounded yields-apooi^f filth «r ofi*«w-««**.:.» - thus n^diotaiBtic portray «? *** ^ flnenced and interfered .witir4n^«»-dai^. course of- fif^ «? we .nay faiily «m clude, by these occult ***&&*£**to* of- every progressive mteUsOW- should1 - be challenged out of indiffewaoe Ja this grand movement of psycfad^gicaV.rpseagcji. The ' common sayings, ''*WnO 'titit' thla- into my head V or ''What made, me do itf or the protests of criminals on the Bcaffbld, gain a new light ; and the cry. fcjr a reform in lunacy laws is already raised Sh Iaadoo, and sap ported by stadents an psychology. If we take into consideration how many thousands have by these miraculous facts been made, to re turn front a bestial . life to eober conduct, the progress' in, these 'revelations' may herald an eTa for glorious accomplishments, socially a,,d «4ifiiouslr.-Iam, &a.; ^ogkess. Yoikc's Peninsula, January 8j 1SS3.' 