NOTES BY SILVERPEN. The decadence of the Church of England at home, the Mackonachie scandal, and the last acts of the . late Archbishop of Canterbury, have created quite a sensa tion. Some years ago the word decadence was applied to the church when numbers of its ministers raised such a cry about dissent and the rapid growth of the Wes leyan Methodist and Independent Congre gationists. Even now Churchmen write of the spread of ritualism as decadence of the church, whilst Nonconformists allude to the matter as Romanising the church. A gentleman writing from London says: — 1 1 *m _ t i i ? . i jcor many years x nave oeen associated with St. Paul's Cathedral, first as a chorister, after as a lay vicar, and now as a private individual. I revere that sacred old edifice, but the service has lost its charm for me. We no longer hear the thrilling, soul-stirring harmonies of good old English church music ; the same as when you and I, as boys, faced each other at St. Paul's. We do not now hear the chants, services, and anthems of Ebdon, Cook, Greene, Calcott, Boyce, Attwood, Purcell, Crotch, Battishill, Goss, S. Wesley, Langdon, Sphor, Nares, and scores of others that used to be used ; they are all replaced by a set of Gregorian tunes and continental music, the harmony of some of which is so crude that the air is lost, if there ever was any beyond a sort of monkish intonation. All these alterations were made to encourage congregational singing at the people's services, we are told, but the reality appears to me to be that it is the thin end of the wedge of ritualism. If you want to hear the old English cathedral music now, you must visit the provinces — say, Salisbury, Rochester, Chichester, Exeter, and some others away in the north,' Such statements at the present time are not assuring, although it is remarkable that the Independent, Presbyterian, and other denominations are receiving large numbers from the low church , or evangeli cal party ; at the same time that a few extreme ritualists — Puseyites or what not— are going over to Eome. # # # # The correspondent of a Vienna journal, who lately went for ..a trip to America with his wife, gives an interesting account of a novel kind of advertising in New York. He writes that on the day of their arrival in New York they saw in one of the principal streets two soldiers armed to the teeth, pushing brutally before them two unfortunate galley slaves, linked to each other with a heavy chain, and dragging a cannon ball pain fully after them. ' My wife,' adds the journalist, 'was so shocked at the sight of this cruelty that she was beginning to feel ill ; but on casting a glance at the backs of the convicts' jackets which these unhappy creatures wore, she read, em broidered in letters of gold, the words 'This evening, the Theatre ? , The Innocent Galley-slave ; great sensational drama, in twelve tableaux.' ' This puts the sandwichman of London and New York as a means of advertising quite in the shade. # The Victorian Education Commis sioners have finished their work, and sent in their report ; and while Ministers and members of the Assembly and Council are enjoying the long vacation the morning metropolitan journals ar e tearing tlie report to pieces. Major Smith has not come out of it clean, and 1 some exciting talk may be expected in | the House when the report is brought up for difiouBsion. The Major and his friend Dan. Brophy did a good many funny things in the way of appointments and changes that will shock public modesty when revealed, as they most assuredly will be Ballarat people used to get at the Majaw to a fine old tune at times, and many a teacher has suffered from his doing the bidding of the viciously inclined ; whilst, on the other hand, many a fledgling has scarce known how to conduct himself on finding out to what an exalted position he had been lifted since pa and ma interviewed the Major. ?» * * Mr. Gladstone is causing his friends some anxiety, because he will not take matters more quietly in the Commons. Free skirmishers are constantly drawing him into combat, and the leader of what is called the fourth party boasts of his ability to lure the Premier into his meshes. Such matters, they affirm, should be met by silence, or be left to the proper officials on the Treasury benches ; but the spirit of battle is so strong in Mr. Gladstone that he cannot sit quietly by and hear the Government attacked by opposition chatterers without rushing to the fray. The fact is Mr. ^.1 ft rl a yiaWa as Via i'o r\ATtTflV^iil -in 1 aO UU OlJLUl X1J. debate and logical in argument, is of very sensitive temperament, and cannot resist the temptation to rebut misrepre sentation as prompted by first thoughts, Perhaps if we had him out here we should call him thin skinned as a show peach. ?& * * Herr Bandmann has left Calcutta. The Indian World has given him a good send-off, as the 'Frisco citizens say. Well do I recollect Bandmann' s first visit to the southern metropolis, and his enun ciation — ' Den I am de King of Spain.' He does not seem to have improved, from the style of the Indian World's send off. Here it is : — ' Farewell, poor Ghost of Shakspeare's dream, — Farewell to rant and thee ; That Roman nose and flowing locks We never more may see. That pound of flesh you lov'd so well, And which a friend supplied, In kind remembrance we shall keep In pickle, or perhaps dried. There's method in your madness, perhaps ; Though strange, I must confess ; A jew a christian perhaps may curse, But not a christian press. Your 'bond' has long since ' forfeit been,' The public did decree, So enter omnes on the scene, And exit poor Herr B ? These are the words with which the Indian World ^relieved its feelings on the departure of Bandmann. 