THE BANK OP ENGLAND GLOBE. The Old Lady of Thrcadneedle Street has been putting her house in order. Whether under the influence of a spirit of rivalry engendered by the new buildings and fine niuc'.miery of the kindred establishment on Tower Hill, or whether entirely stimulated by the exigencies of increased business, need not be determined ; but the Hank of England is just now the fccene of unusual bustle and activity. What, is practical 1 v a new entrance lino the building has been reeentlv opened up from 1'nncess Street. 11 has been described a a new doorway. It is hardly thip however. The door lias always been there, and some of the verv old stagers on the establishment can ivirembei' ' its having been opened. A cootl nmnv visits ago, however, during some time of popular turmoil, this entrance was practi .-ally abolished bv huihliiisr up inside it a ponderous mass oi brickwork and masonry. This has been removed, and access to the interior of the bank may now be had on the western side. Inside the bank, too, there has been a considerable readjustment of olliccs The public drawing oftice, for instance, and the branch bank dike have been transferred to the handsome and spacious room which formerly was the accountant's bank- note oftice—the office, that is to say, in which old bank notes are sorted and registered" before being stored away in the dark vaults °of the bank, where, for live years, they lie packed away in little wooden boxes, something like plum-boxes, ready to appear, like so many accusing angels against anybody who has made them the means of °fraucf. It is a little irregular to have got down into this nether world of pecuniary ghosts so early in the course of an inspection of the bank, but, now that we are here, it may save coming down again if we look about us a little. There are probably people about to whom a region of veritable ghosts would be scarcelv more fearsome than these gloomy, silent avenues, piled up high on cither hand with these little wooden receptacles. It is rather a startling idea that verv possibly flashes upon the visitor as he moves amid' these silent witnesses to so many monetary transactions that if during the past five vcars he has scribbled his name and address across a Bank of England note, probably that siunature is here, and that somebody may some day bring into the 'bank upstairs a note bearing the same number as that which he signed. Supposing the new arrival is sufficiently genuine in appearance to pass muster —no doubt, rather a far-fetched suppos tion, uukss it reallv is genuine—within a few hours a clerk will take down as queer a locking ledger as ever went under the name, and will proceed to " post " the note. Then it will be seen that the proper sppce for a note of that date and that number, has already been filled in. Something must be wrong. The new arrival may be a good note. In that case the other must be a forgery, and anybody whose name appears on it mav expect communications. Any day something irregular in the history of one of these notes may bring down upon any of us the attentions of a detective, just as Mr. .lames l'ayn. >» his " Lost Sir Massingberii." makes the famous old Bow Street runner, Townsend, swoop down upon the simple old farmer who has quite innocently taken one or two of the notes traced to him from these gloomy vaults. A clear conscience is a pleasant possession as one trudges through these dark avenues by the glimmer of an old- fashioned lantern. And yet a rogue might persuade himself that lie is safe enough amid this amazing store. The officials give you a little printed slip from which it appears that in the course of five years the paid notes amount to 77.745,000 in number, and that they fill 13,400 boxes, which if placcd side by side would reach 2?, miles. If the notes were placed in a pile they would reach to a height of miles or if joined end (o end they would form a ribbon 12,415 miles long. Their superficial extent is said to be rather less than that of Hyde Park. Tliev weigh over 00^ tons, and their original value was over XI,750,(520,000. The greatest of rogues might be inclined to find some comfort in the extent*and intricacy of such a store of old paper. Of course, however, they are most systemaiic:iilv arranged, and any noie of the seventy-seven million-, may be pounced upon with the utmost celerity and precision. At the end of five years these old notes are thrown into a furnace specially constructed for the purpose and burned. It is a curious fact, however, that so firm in texture is the paper of a genuine Bank of England note that burning alone can hardly destroy it. The authorities have in a little glazed frame the remnants of a note which was in the great fire at Chicago. Though completely charred and black, the paper still holds together, and the printing of the note is said to be sufficiently legible 10 establish the genuineness and to warrant its being ^cashed. There are some other notes here that were cashed after having gone iown with the Envy dice, a few years ago, and reduced to little better than pulp. Indeed, the scraps and fragments which sometimes come into the Bank to be cashed have a really ridiculous appearance. Oil the occasion of a recent visit, for in'stano.:. the officials had under examination a number of fra merits of discoloured paper, none much bigger than a sixpence, ami when put together presenting to the unskilled eye not the slightest resemblance to a note. And yet it was pretty confidently asserted thai, the paper would be cashed. It is beneath the dignity of the Bank of England to take, or even to appear to lake, advantage of accidents to their notes, and, if there is any possibility of establishing the identity of one of them, it is sure to be duly honoured. Even where a note is entirely destroyed, proper evidence of the fact, of destruction will be accepted and payment made. A lost note will in some cases be paid, and there is one occasion recorded upon which the liberal attitude of the directors in a ease of this kind involved them in a loss of £30,000. A Bank director declared that he had lost a note for that amount, and, upon his giving an indemnity for the sum in the event of the note ever turning up, the money was pai l to him. Many years after his death an unknown person presented the missing note. The paper was undeniably good, -ind the Bank had no alternative but to cash it, as it was payable to bearer on demand, and, as the heirs of the bank director who had lost it repudiated all liability, the money could not be recovered. The collection of forged notes which have been stopped at the counters and have been accumulatedinakind of scrap book is very interesting even to those who have no intention of embarking in this line of enterprise. To the great fraternity of forgers—said to have been entirely evolved as far as bank notes are concerned since the year 175S—probably no volume extant would afford half the interest of this curious collection. 13nt we are fairly above ground again, and somewhere nearer the point at which any niethoditsal account of the Bank's paper currency ought to hare commenced. , However methodically disposed may be the stranger who should thoroughly inspect the Bank of England he will probably Boon relinquish all attempts at method in,arranging bis ideas. It is a most bewildering place, and the stranger cannot, on the whole, do much better tht^n give himself up to his guides and take things as they present themselves to his notice. He will probably leave the establishment with a grand jumble of ideas, in which piles of coin, and bundles of bank notes, and barrows of bullion; and whirling machinery, and extensive vistas of clerks will be the main details, and if in any attempt to describe what he has seen there is no little confusion, his account may fairly be accredited with the greater rraiaemblaiice. Of course, the place is not in confusion. Order is the Bank's first law, and everything is rigidly systematic ; but the impression brought away by most strangers—especially if they have penetrated into some of the more obscure nooks and corners of the vast Kbuilding—will be of the utmost bewilderment and confusion. We have not space in this article to describe the beautiful new machinery for printing bank notes, which has just been set up, and is now throwing off these dainty little works of art with a rapidity never before attained. 