Men of Wealth. TIIE London Spectator has repeated the idea, first adopted about ten years ago, of publishing a list of all Brit ish fortunes from a quarter of a million and upwards left by persons who had died during the preceding ten years. This second list contains 215 names, and is in many respects very suggestive. In an analysis of this list, we find that there are seventeen who have left a million pounds and upwards ; forty, from lialf-a-million and upwards but under a million ; and 158 who, whilst leaving a quarter-million, do not reach the half-million figure. The largest amount in the list is that of Baron L. N. de Rothschild, which is given at £2,700,000. This sum, although large, and probably represents the largest fortune within the limits of Great Britain, is far below the colossal heaps of gold owned by some American magnates, wealth in England being distributed over a greater number of persons. In comparison with the former list, published about ten years ago, there is an increase among millionaires of thirty per cent., among half-millionaires of six per cent., and among quartermillionaires of eighteen per cent., which returns are a disappointment to the Spectator, that paper having ventured to predict, when publishing the first list, that in another decade these numbers would have been doubled. But if the English people are not growing wealthy quite so fast as the Spectator calculated, it is evident they are growing richer, and, judged by the figures of the last ten years, the ratio of increase of wealth is by no means a slow one. It is especially worthy of note that the number of monied men of a lower degree has increased at a much higher ratio than those of the millionaire class. " The number of fortunes," says the Spectator, " ranging between £100,000 and £250,000 has increased enormously, and is now far beyond anything we care to print." From the above facts it appears that the death of a little over two-hundred persons, during the last decade, has led to the transfer of money by Will to the extent of about a hundred millions of pounds. But this does not by any means represent the entire wealth of the persons concerned, as the sums quoted are only such as come within the reach of probate duty. Land and houses and foreign investments are not subject to 6uch charges, and are, consequently, not represented in the totals. This immense wealth in the hands of private individuals iu the present day, is both unique and startling when compared with the social condition of other and comparatively recent times. The entire revenue of the United Kingdom in the days of Queen Elizabeth only amounted to lialf-a-million j and the gross total bequeathed by these two hundred and fifteen legators would have paid the entire National Debt in'tlie days of George II., twice over. In the list there are about thirty who may be ranked among our titled aristocracy, but the great majority are men who have made their money in coal and iron, or as manufacturers, bankers, and traders, and were little known beyond the commercial sphere in which they moved. As the large amount of capital represented by the former list did not in the last decade grow into"fortunes of the first class, as the Spectator ex.- pected, that paper concludes " there must be some cause operating against excessive accumulation, and we are happy to believe it is a reluctance to spend life in mere amassing, whicli prevents the children of millionaires from treading in their fathers' footsteps." A much more probable explanation, we should think, can be found in the fact that money in the second generation very commonly develops " wings," and the improvident heir or heiress soon awakens from a sad delusion to find a supposed inexhaustible fortune has all too 600n slipped from their hands and flown away. We have lately seen an instructive-illustration of such a dissipation of wealth in the case of the Tildens in the New York Law Courts. William Tilden, a rich American, died leaving two-and-ahalf millions of dollars to be equally divided between his four sons. The four went to Europe, and in a couple of years managed to run through nearly 200,000 dollars. The two eldest have been paid 170,000 dollars more than their shave, and there is now not half-a-million of the whole fortune leftamongsttheyounger Tildens, which will probably now find its dead level by the lawyers dividing the balance amongst themselves. This is a very common result where fortunes are inherited rather than earned. It is the houses of gilded licentiousness and gamblinghells that fatten on these great fortunes unwisely left, and in the end the devil becomes the principal legatee. What an enormous social and moral power is represented in that figure of a hundred millions of pounds! And what is the exact increment of moral influence for good, we should like to know, which this sum represented in the lives of its possessors ? One thing is disappointing —veiy few in tliis long list were known for their benevolent deeds. Sir David Baxter, the Messrs. Peases, Mr. James Baird, Mr. John R. Mills, Mr. Geo. Moore, and Mr. Titus Salt are deserving of honorable mention in this respect, but the list of public benefactors is soon exhausted. Neither does great wealth seem to offer incentives to excel in literature, science, or other intellectual pursuits, as the list is wretchedly destitute of names known in connection with those departments a where the pursuit of knowledge is the aim. We fear that a sordid craving for wealth, for its own sake, and when held in possession, a selfish expenditure on home luxuries, have been the main motives that have drawn out our millionaires in their mad scramble for money. And the great struggle still goes on. England is growing richer and richer every day. She has doubled her wealth since 1810. Railway property has increased to the extent of over £700,000,000 during the last fifty years ; house property, over £1,000,000,000; and shipping, £100,000,000. To keep up this increased flow of wealth into the lap of the nation the mines are turning out 100,000,000 more tons of coal every year than our grandfathers put into the market, and our foreign trade has increased over 50,000,000 tons during the last forty years. We rejoice in the growth of trade and the increased resources which this commercial activity implies. A great deal can also be said on the side of large capitalists, and the advantages attending an unequal distribution of wealth through the community. But extremes may become too extreme. , The social plank is on the tilt, and as one end goes up the other goes down. The competition in trade and the cheapening process cuts more deeply into the flesh of the poor operative than it does in the case of the capitalist. And the glitter of English gold is matched by pictures of English poverty which, do as we will, force themselves upon our sight as companion pictures. The cellars of London could tell a tale that would send a shudder through Christendom if their groans could be heard. The world is too busy making money to listen. The sight of misery is the fly in the ointment of the pleasure seeker. Men are disposed to look upon the prevalence of social squalor as a necessary evil clinging to the skirts of our civilization, and would cover up the fact and forget it. But where is the Christianity of the nineteenth century that can show its millionaires by hundreds and still allow this state of things to continue ? That there is a great deal of criminal poverty we do not deny; but poverty is a favourable breedingground for crime; and who shall say whether the crime is the cause of the poverty, or the poverty of the crime. Christian effort must grapple with the double evil together, and we trust the time is coming when the stewardship of wealth will be better understood by our wealthy men, and that the immense incomes, drawn in the main from the bone and sinew of the people, will, in the near future, be devoted in part to the amelioration of the distress so wide-spread among large bodies of the working classes in Britain. Whether this result will be brought about by a more enlightened view of the responsibilities of wealth, or by some radical measures in the direction of social reform, remains to be seen. MRS. HAMPSON has gone. Our paragraph of last week brought the record of the mission down to the Farewell Tea in the Town Hall on Wednesday week. It was a most tremendous demonstration, and showed how thoroughly Mrs. Hampson's work had taken hold of Adelaide. On Thursday Mrs. Hampson met the members of tlie Young Women's Prayer Union for the last time, and was presented by them with a farewell address and a purse of fifty sovereigns; and on Friday night some eighty of those who had worked with Mrs. Hampson in the services met at the residence of the Hon. D. Murray, when, we understand, a further presentation was made to the evangelist, on behalf of the committee. Mrs. Hampson expressed her willingness to return at some future time, should her way be opened and.should the people of Adelaide so desire. No doubt Mrs. Hampson is a most devoted woman, full of faith and of the Holy Ghost; but this does not altogether account for the success of her efforts. We believe that much of the blessing which attends her labours is the result of the united prayer by whicli they are accompanied and the co-operation which she receives from Christian people. Let the churches learn a lesson from this. Let them see to it tliat their poster's hands are held up, that lie has their fullest sympathy, their most earnest prayers, their readiest help in all his efforts to do good and to save souls. If this were to be done, we are confident that conversions would not be so few and far between as at present in connection with the stated work of the ministry. SPECIAL SERVICES.—The quickened spiritual life amongst the churches resulting from Mrs. Hampson's recent visit should be taken advantage of to prosecute evangelistic missions in suburban and country towns. As an illustration of what might be done in this respect we may mention that such action has been decided on at Hindmarsh. The ministers of that town (Anglican excepted) met on Monday last and agreed to hold a series of united evangelistic services, to be extended as the character of the work might require. The meetings are to be held in the different churches in turn in the meantime, but should the growth of the work demand it, the Institute Ilall will be taken. The local ministers will give addresses iu turn, and no outside help will be called in at all. A similar series of meetings held formerly in the same place was productive of much good to all the churches which assisted. We hope to hear that the work has been taken up with vigour elsewhere. As far as we can gather, a deepened religious feeling prevails far and wide through the land, and it may be that the Lord's time to favour Zion has come. Let ministers and people everywhere prepare themselves to take the current when it serves. Mn. M. BruNETT.—Our readers will regret to hear that Mr. Burnett has met with a somewhat nasty accident, having been thrown from a trap in which he was being driven by a friend. He has sustained some severe bruises, but on receipt of last intelligence hoped that a few days' rest would restore him to health. He has closed his mission in Perth with most gratifying results, over 1,500 having taken the pledge, and 1,800 have donned the Red Ribbon. The Coffee Palace scheme, inaugurated by Mr. Burnett, lias been launched with a strong provisional directorate, and a proposed capital of £3,000. There appeal's to be every probability of successfully floating the company. A strong committee has been formed in Perth for the purpose of carrying on the temperance mission in that city after Mr. Burnett's departure. His next sphere of labour is Freinantle, which bears the same relation to Perth that Port Adelaide does to our chief city. The commencement of operations there, however, has been retarded by Mr. Burnett's untoward accident. After Fremantle, the evangelist proposes to visit Geraldton and Noithnipton. THE BIT OF BIXE.—Drink still continues to sow its harvest, of death and ruin. If some serious accident occur, some dreadful crime be perpetrated, or some deluded wretch lay violent hands upon his own life, the explanation is pretty sure to be strong drink. Last week, the Register recorded the fact that, an old woman, a young man, and a boy were admitted in one day to tlic Adelaide Hospital, all suffering from serious injuries and all helplessly drunk. The poor fellow, Dawson, who cut himself to pieces the other day, near Kapunda, did so while under the influence of drink. This is only one or two of similar cases which are constantly occurring. We are continually brought into contact with misery and suffering of the deepest character caused by drink. We rejoice in the progress made by the Blue Ribbon and Gospel Temperance movement, and trust that everywhere its operations will meet with sympathy and support from churches and ministers. It is unscctarian temperance, and the work is carried on in a religious spirit. It presents, we believe, a means of practically solving the difficulty of the liquor traffic and intemperance, by inducing the people at large to cease from drinking. SOCIAL PURITY.—The Hon. John Colton has given notice that on Wednesday next he will move a resolution to the effect that the law be amended so as to better protect the purity of young females. We are glad to-see that the matter is thus taking a practical shape, and we trust that the House will see fit in its wisdom to affirm Mr. Colton's resolution. Nothing very revolutionary is sought to be effected, the chief amendment prayed for being that the age of consent should be raised from thirteen to sixteen. This has been recommended by the House of Lords Committee, and is so reasonable and just that no one can fairly object. The social purity movement is making progress all over the world, and an important society has just been organized by the Archbishop of Canterbury in which he has the •cb-operation of many of the most important personages in English society. In this colony wherever the aims of the local society are presented they command the assent of the majority of the community. ODDS AKD ENDS.—What a fuss has been made about those poor wretches, the Irish informers, who have bqen trying to get away from the scenes of their dislionor and crime, and to begin life afresh under better conditions in 6ome new land. Why need Australia have 6hut her door against them ? They could have done no harm in these colonies, and might hare developed into useful citizens. A tax of Id. per gallon on beer would yield a revenue of £30,000 a year, and would probably at the same time diminish the consumption of tliat beverage, thus increasing sobriety and making the liquor trade less lucrative—all desirable ends to accomplish. The English Government should not have restored t'etewayo unless they were prepared to support him in his rule. 'As it is the poor kiug had to face siugle-Iianded a new condition of things, which has resulted in his death. That engine driver on the Pichi Riehi line should have stopped his train when he saw tlie hobbled horse before him. He had plenty of time to have done so. As it was, his recklessness and foolhardiness not only killed the horse and threw the engine off the rails, thus causing considerable damage to both rolling 6tock and line, but seriously endangered the lives of the passengers as well. Tliat man is not fit to be entrusted with the care of public property or human life. RECEIVED.—The Forest Flora of South Australia. Part II. The second part of this really beautiful and valuable work has reached us, and deals in four of its plates with Eucalyptus Zeucoxi/loii and its varieties. This species lias received a variety of popular names in various parts of the colony, which rendors its identification from such a source very confusing. Mr. Brown lias adopted " Blue Gum " as the most appropriate of these popular terms for the typical species, and " Large fruited Red-flowering Gum," " Large fruited White- floworing Gum," and " Scrubby Blue Gum," for its principal varieties. The last plate in the part is occupied with the delineation of Ev.calyptus Cosmophylla, or " Large flowering Scrub Gum." To distinguish clearly the natural features of our forest flora it is absolutely nccessary to study the plates, where each species is illustrated in every important particular. The plates do the fullest credit to the Government Printer, and are really works of art in their particular line. Wc shall be glad to learn that tJris deserving work has a very large sale. We have also received from the Superintendent of t]ie Belair Inebriates' Retreat, the Seventh Annual Report of that institution, containing a wood-cut frontispiece showing the new buildings that have been erected during (ho year. Also, a broadside of Ihe Intercolonial Industrial Exhibition, to be held in Parramatta in December next, giving the classification of exhibits, general rules, and other particulars. PASTOB CniNiQrr.—On the 12tli July we remitted to Pastor Chiuiquy a further draft on London for £20 7s. Since Pastor Chiniquy's departure from South Australia, we hare forwarded to him altogether the sum of £221 6s. 7tl. lie has sent us a number of copies of liis little works entitled "Papal Idolatry" and "From Chicago to Australia." We shall send a copy of these pamphlets to all who send us £1 Is. or upwards towards hie mission to Roman Catholics. £1 Is.—Mr. Bush. 