THEY SAY. That a canvasser needs tho oyo of a lynx, tho cunning of a fox, the pationco of a spidor, and hidoof a hippopotamus, According to Mr Conway, Lawn Tonnis is a fuvoritogamo on Sunday in Londou, Mr Conway says that Good Friday in Lon don is devoted by tho populaco to sports. Mr Conway says that Mr Hayter's Yoar Book 2s a credit to the colony. Mr Haytor was prcsonb at tho lecturo last night and nad tho gratification of hoariug tho praiso. Mr Service was also thero, aud took a mental note, ' That Mr Patterson is going homo to soo whether tho Agenfe-Genornlship would suit him, and give tho Government a chance of Boo ing whether ho would Buit tho billet, ' Mr Conway says that no man of soionce has yet been able to discover that infinitesimal difference between tho vocal apparatus of an apa and a man. which changes tho oxprosaivo chatter of one mto tho articulate speech of tho other. According to Mr Conway, tho difference botween tbo vocal organ of an ordinary singer and that of Chri.stiuo Nillson is uot moro than tho ton millionth part of nn inch. That iufinitestimal difference in a vocal cord makes a vast differeuco to tho world, as well as to tho artist who delights tho world. That a theatrical company, at prosout play ing in Victoria, uitondeu going to Calcutta for the Exhibition sou-hou, but tholatost tolograras fitato that the theatre has already beon engaged to servo as a dormitory after tlio porformanco, and no othor sloopiag accommodation is avail ablo. Mr Conway was very sovoro lost night on Anglicanism. Tho late Archbishop of Canter bury, said tho Ucturer, was iv lowly and noblo man, a truo scholar, and almost Quakorliko in his simplicity; and when bo was onthroned Mr Conway thought ho saw on tho Prelate's face soino expression of shnme at tho performances oi wuion no was mo contra, lur uonway re ferred to tho tvm/t iVelire, u tho pretence of choosing a bishop by tho guidance of the Holy Ghost, when he is already chosen by Mr Gladstone. Mr Conway mado somo very pungent re marks last night in roferonco to tho conduct of tho ltov Samuel Charlsworth, a clergyman of the Church of Eugland, who has published to tho world his grievance against too Salvation Army. Mr Charlsworth's daughtor of sixtoon years had gone off witli tho Army, abandoning her homo to devote horsolf to tho work of saving human beings from holl. In vain ho had appealed to hor to return, and to the loaders of tho Army to sond back his dear daughter. " I regret to say," tho Kovgontlu roan wrote In the papers, (> that my appeal mot with no responsive sympathy, otc. But, asks Mr Conway, through how many yoars had that emotional Utllo girl sat basido hor mothor in their pour, ond listened to hor father solemnly de claring mankind to bo undor tho curse of God, millions daily sinking into otornal torments; that one way of esoapo alone was provided to which tlio millions are indifferent 1 How often had he road in hor hoariug Christ's appeal to his followers, "Go, yo, into nil tho world and preach my goapol to every creature 1" How ofteu repeated nis warning that thoy who love father or mother more than their Haviour aro uot worthy of him. Was that truBtful daughter to suppose that whoa hor father said thoHQ things he did not moan thorn 'I 