THE SALVATION ARMY. s A form originally created perfect. TO TNE EDITOB. Dear Sir,—I have for some time past been watching the movements of the Salvation Army, with a view to ascertain, if possible, the course it intends to take with reference to its recruits. Messrs. Moody and Sankey, and others engaged in purely evangelistic work, endeavour to draft their converts into existing Christian Churches; but as far as I can learn the Salvation Army makes no pretension to do anything of the kind. If, therefore, it is intended to become a standing army, or a permanent institution, it appears to me that, as at present constituted, it is but a poor substitute for a properly organised Christian Church. It will need some very different standing orders to any that I have seen, and the sooner General Booth pays some attention to the instructions from the Captain of our Salvation the better it will be for his soldiers, and especially for his officers. I understand the instructions from head-quarters are as follows :—" Go ye, therefore, and teach all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost; teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you ; and, lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world." (Mat. xxvii'i. 19-20.) Christian Churches, with very few exceptions, have from the first recognised their obligation to attend to baptism and the Lord's Supper, as two at least of the commandments of the Lord Jesus; and I should like to know whether the Salvation Army teaches its soldiers to observe them? I am aware that our Captain has given us many other commandments, but the observance of others is no just plea for the nonobservance of these. If they are not attended to in the Army I should like to know whether General Booth has received orders or a dispensation from our Captain to dispense with them ? It may be said that they are not necessary to salvation; but it is a serious reflection upon the wisdom and authority of our Captian in appointing them if they can be set aside without His permission. If the aforesaid Army is obeyiug the said instructions from head-quarters, its name, though not to be found in the New Testament, is a matter of secondary importance. I wish to submit a few more thoughts and suggestions with reference to the Army, but will not trespass further on your space this time, as I know you are decidedl* in favour of brief epistles. Yours faithfully, INQUIRER. 