Z'r THE POLITICAL TRADE WINDS. (TO THE EDITOK OF THE PBEEMAK'S JOlTENAL.) ? gjE, — That democratic Jlnightoi iliama U-host' notoriety, who so lately confided to his con stituents how, v/hen a minister, he desired to ?kick rather than to bow to those above him, has :vevy suddenly trimmed his sails, and taoked right about to catch the not unexpected breeze oE loyalty to Imperialism, one of the southern .political ' trade winds,' which this cunning old skipper has more than onoe taken advantage of. ?Between little Tenterfield and tho Protestant Hall, tho ox-Premier doubtless exulted over what ;cannot be looked upon in any other light than a pre-arranged and thoroughly matured scheme, one of those political dodges, characteristic of the groat ' I am,' and his underground engineer ing parly. Tho score of malcontents, whojindus trjously succeeded in howling down such mouth pieces of Orangeiom as W. T. Poole, Q-.P.Z., and' turning tho 'hall inCJ a regular bear- garden, were, if the truth was known, horjv.s Eonians, 'certain well-known agent's tools expressly selec ted for tho occasion. It is a pity so transparent it scheme should have succeeded so well : how ever, wo must congratulate Sir Henry Parkes and his cabmen (by the way, could ho be tho same v/ho drove the genial Bob Smith on a princely occasion) upon thoir miraculous escape from Fenian powder and ' Land League ' stones. A NATIVE. Me. Redmond and the Eailway Pass. — Iu the Assembly ]a3t Friday evening, Mr. Oopeland laid on tho table of tho House the correspon dence relating to tho alleged granting of a free railway pass to Mr. J. E. Redmond, M.P. It appears that on the application of Mr. W. T. Coonan, M.L.A., the Minister i'er Works gave permission for a pass to be forwarded to Mr. Redmond, M.P. Mr. G-oodchap, tho Oommis oioner, understood that the pass was authorised On the grounds that Mr. Redmond is a member of tho House of Commons, but he says he con sidered it his duty to point out to tho member tho practice of tho dapartmonl;, whioh is that, ' when vinitoro arrive who if thoy v/oro not engaged in any seliomo of raising money by theatrical exhibitions or by lecturing, would be entitled to a pass, paaaco have been withheld on the ground that the visit io a monetary spocula lation.' Mr. Redmond then wrote tho follow ing minute : ' If Mr. Copoland, who I am informed is a member of tho House oil Commons, had vioited tho colony simply a3 a gontloman travelling in tho ordinary way for his personal advantage or pleasure, 1 should have followed tho usual practice in ouch oases. But ao Mr. Redmond io avowedly a public loofcuror visiting tho colony for f;hc purpose of oollocting money in aid of a particular fund, hit! oaao must be dealt with as others undor similar circumstances have been dealt with, and the custom luis not boon to aitorcl tucuitieo nor ireo travel to a gentleman following this practice. — H. C, 26-2-83.' Mr. O'Byrne, school inspector, whilst on offi- cial duties at Inverary Park, last week, was bitten by a black spider. He did not at first take much notice of the occurrence, but finding it impossible to continue his work he drove into Bungonia, and was there treated in the best way which suggested itself to those who undertook to give relief. Mr. Doyle, school teacher at Bungo- nia, drove Mr. O'Byrne into Goulburn, and he was immediately visited by Dr. McKillop. He is gradually recovering, and in a few days may hope to be himself again. 