^ales sil g&eteiies; THE HOUSE OF WHITE SHADOWS By B. L. FAKJECftr, ': ('. Author of 'Blade-o'-grass,' ^Joshua Marvel,' 'Bread and Cheese and Kisses,' 'Grif,' 'London's Heart,' . ? .etc. - ? ? . ,.'...? [The aole right to publish this story in Tasmania , has been purchased, from the Author 'by the. proprietprsof the Laiences t07i Examiner and Tasmanian,] ?'?,' OHAPTER^XI.-t-ABAT1I.EWITH0ONB0IEN0E. Alone in his study the Advocate had time to review his position. His fust feeling when he listened to Gautran s confession had been one of unutterable horror, and this feeling was upon him when he entered the. villa. It had been his intention, after exchanging a few necessary words with hia wife, and with ^Arthur TCn.lRr.mbe. whose arrival he had expeoted, to retire at once to his study, and'-refleot . upon this new and horrible turn in the case of Gautran. . It would have :been easy for him to find an excuse fo'p Withdrawing himself frqim, the society of his wife and his friend'; ,' His intention t waa. frustra.tec by the unexpected presence ; of gu'^stsj -in-whos4.leyes-.his -absence would have-appeared strange'. This it was imperative to avoid ; he recognised the importanca of not, drawing upon himself and his movements any unusual attention. He was therefore compelled to remain with his guests, and take part in a conversation which added to. his difficulties. Had he been silent he might have laid himself open to injurious eon-; struction. From his outward demeanour no person could have guessed how terrible was his inward agitation. Self- repression was in him a second nature. The habit' of concealing his thoughts had been of incalculable value in his profession^ '?? and had!, materially , assisted in' imariyj of his', great Victories. ' ? u ., * - ? -» But now he was alone, .and when, he, had locked . his study door he threw off. the1 mask.' ' ?--???l ' ? ??? '*'''/., , He ^ad Sheen proud of this victory' j 'it was the greatest he had ever achieved. -He'knftW'that it would ?lnore'ase Risfam'e,' and that it*waa an important step -in the' ladder it had been the delight of his life to climb'. For,r cold1 as he appeared, and apparently'1 indifferent to ? 'success, hia' ambition was vast overpowering. ' His one great aim- had been1 not only to achieve the highest distinction while he lived, but. to Heave behind him' a name '? which would be placed at the head of all his cIbbs — a blear and unsullied name which men in after times should quote as a symbol - of the triumph - of intellect. It was the sublimity of egotism, contemptible when allied with intellectual inferiority and weskriess'of ' bharaoter, but justifiable _in 1 . his case, because it Was in association with ? a f ore' e of mental gifts little short of mar vellous. In the exercise of his' public dutibs.heh'adbeen careful never to take a false step. Before he committed himself to .a'taak he invariably made' a study of its,, minutest detail; conned 'it over and over, stripped it of its outward aspect, probed it to its very heart, added faots to it which lay-not only within the region of probability, but possibility ; 'and the re sult had been that his triumphs were spoken of with wonderment aa something almost higher than human. ' The popular ? voice' /was. against the canae he eapouaed, butifc was -never raised against him, and perhaps the sweetest reward which was; ever bestowed1 on him, was when, in an unpopular cause which he had ' con ducted to viotory, it waB afterwards proved that the man he had championed — whose very name was an offence — was in honest trutKa Victim instpad of a wronger. This '' ! had so frequently occurred that it had grown into a fashion to! say ''He must have, right on his side, or ;the!Advecate would not defend him. ' Here,: theri^ was ? a triple alliance of justice, truth, and hu manity — and ho, the indicator and upholder' of right. In'another sphere of life,, and 'in times when thedragon of op pression was weighing heavily upon a people's- -liberties, such achievements, as his' would have caused the champion tto, be worshipped as a . saint— certainly as a, hero imbued with kingly qualities. ? No man really deserveB this altitude,, though it be sometimes reached ; human .nature is too imperfect, its under currents are not sumciently translucent for Smith's face to be reflected as , in a crystal. But we judge the deed, not the doer, and the man is sometimes crowned, the working of whoso inner life were it laid bare would shock and disgust. It was when he was at the height of his'.famo that the Advocate met Adelaide. Hitherto he had seen but little of women, orBeeingthem had passed them lightly by j but there comes a time in the lives of most men, oven of the greatest, when they are abruptly arrested by an influence of which they never dreamed. Only once in hia life had the Advocate wandered from the path he had formed for himself, but it was an idle wandering, partly prompted by a small and unworthy de sire to prove himself of two men ,the Buperior, and he had swiftly and effec tually thrown... the folly aside,, never again to be indulged inor renewed. That was many years ago and had* bean long forgotten, when ? .'Adelaide : appeared, to him a star of lovelinessj which proved what few would have believed, that he had a heart;11''-'5 ''' '' ;1''/ ' The new revelation was to him at first a stfurce of infinite gladness, and he yielded to the enchantmont ; but after a ttrne he questioned himself- aa to the. wisdom of this, infatuation ; it was then however too late. The spell was upon him, and it did not lay in his power to remove it.; and. when he found that this aweet pleasure did not, aa it would have. done with moat men, interfere with his aotive 'duties, nay- .that, it seemed to in fuse' a keener relish' into their fulfilment, he asked' 'himself - the - question— Why not? Iii the simple prompting of the question lay theanswer. :'...'. He possessed an immense power of con centration. With many subjects claiming close attention he could dismiss them all but the one to which it was necessary he should devote himself, and; after much self-communing he satisfied himself that love would be no block to ambition, and indeed so it proved., Adelaide, dazzled by the attentionB of a man who stood so high, accepted hia worship, and warned by friends not to be exigent, made no demands upon hia time, which interfered ?with his duties. , ; He was a devoted but not a passionate lover. ; On all BideB she was congratulated— it gratified her. ' By 'many, she waaenyied— thatdelighted her;, and; she took pleasure in' showing how easily she could leadthis 'man who to all other women was as cold as ice. t In those days, it waB out of her own vanity and, thiwt~for conquest that she evolved plea sure in the association of her name with hia. ' '? After their marriage he strove to interest her in the cases, upon which he was engaged, but discovering that her tasfces did not lie' in that direction he djd not persist in hia endeavour. It did not lessen his love for her, nor her hold upon him ; she was to him on this night as Bhe had been all through, a sweet, aftec tionate, pure womanj who gave him as much love and honour as a man so much older than herself could reasonably ex pect. '? ?''? ???'? ?'??'' .' ? ?'?''' ^ '? ? ' :'-????? , j Something of what has been here ex pressed passed through his mind as he reflected upon the events of the day. How should he deal with Gautran's confession ? That was the point he debated. When he Undertook the defence he had a firm belief in the man's innocence. He had stated the caBe exactly as he 'had conceived it — vile, degraded, brutal, without a redeem ing feature, but not the murderer of Madeline, the flower- girl. He reviewed, the case' again carefully, to see whether he could have arrived at any other conclusion. He could not perceive a single defect in hia theory. He was justified in his own eyes. He knew that the entire public aentiment was against him, and. that ho had convinced men against their will.' He ikriew that there was imported into this matter a feeling of resentment at his suc cessful efforts to set Gautran fee. What, then,' had induced- him to come forward voluntarily in, defence of this, monster ? He asked the question of : himself aloud, and he answered it aloud,. A ,? reverence for justice. - It consoled him somewhat. He had not indulged in self-deception when he declared toG^utran's judges that, the leading. principle of hia life had been a desire for justice in small ? matters as well as great, for the meanest equally with' the ldftieBt of his fellow-creatureB. That it did notjclaah with his ambition was his good fortune. It was not tainted because of this human coincidence. So ,far, then, he was justified in '.his own .estimation. ' r , But he, must, be' justified alap .in .the eyes of .ttie' world. ,. And .here intruded the torturing', doubt .whether this were posaible;' ',If,he,made|ili known^te, the world, that Gautran was giiifyy, the answer would be-r^-i1 We know, it^ and knew.it, as we believe you yourself did while ypuwere working to aet him. free. Why, did .you prevent justice being- done ivpon a mur derer'?' But I believed him innocent, he would Bay ; only n.owi do ,1 know him to be guilty.' JJpon. what grounds 1 1 .would ? be asked*' Upon .Gautran's own confes sion given , to me,, alone;. ona lonely; road, within an hour, after the delivery of the. verdict. . ? He . saw.- the , incredulous -looks with which this would', be .rebeiy.edi v He put himself in the place of the public, and he aSked, ' Why, at such a time on such a spot, did Gautran confess to you ? What motive had he 1 Yon are.not a- priest, and the high road is not a confessional .' He. could supply to this, question -no, answer; which common sense would accept, ?,-, And Bay that Gautran were questioned — as he, would' iassnredly be— he would deny the statement point blank. ' -Liberty, ia; sweet: to all men. Then it wovld be one man's statement against another's. He would be pn an equality with Gautran reduced to his level; and in the judgment of. numbers of people Gautran would have the advantage over him. Sides would be, taken; he himself in a certain sense would bo placed upon. hia trial, andpiiblic resentment, which now was smothered and would soon be quite huBhed, would break out against him. ; Was he' strong enough to withstand this ? Could he arrest the furious torrent which - would set towards him ; could he overcome it ; could . he drive it back, and Btand un wounded 6n the shore,' pure and soathless in the eyes of men 1 He .doubted— he was too profound a student! of human nature not to know that hia tair fame would be blotted, and thatthere-would be a stain upon his reputation .which would cling to him to. the last'daip.pf his s life. . Still lhe 'questioned' himself, .should he dare it, and brave' it atid'b'oW hia head. Who humbles himaelf lays himself open to the blow, and men are not merciful when the chance is offered to them.. But her would 'stand-clear in his. own, eyes S hia conscience would approve. To none but himaelf would this be known. Inward approval Mb sole reward hia sole compen sation. A hero's work, however. For a moment or two he glowed at the contem plation. He soon cooled down, and with a smile, partly of self-pity, partly of aelf despisal, proceeded to the. calmer con-; Bideration of the matter. ;.- ? .: ~ The meaner qualities came into play. The world did not know. What reason was there that it should be enlightened, that he should enlighten it to his own injury ? Tho secret belonged to two men— to himself and Gautran. It was not likely Gautran would blurt it out toothers; he valued his liberty too dearly. So that it was as safe as though it were buried in a deep grave. As for the wrong done, it was a silent wrong. To ruin oneself for a . sentiment would be madness ; no one really suffered. The unfortunate girl was at rest. She was a stranger ; ' no. person knew herj or was interested in her, ex cept for her beauty; she left no family ; no father, mother^ or ..sister, to mourn her cruel; deaths' ,' Therb- rwos- certainly the w.oman, spokeri of as Pauline, , but she; had disappeared,- arid ' w^s ? probably. ' in' 'rid way related to Madeline. '' What more likely, than that ?^jB^oldec;^ woman's' aaBociation with the ~yo uhger aroae out of a desire to .trade; upon ^ the' ; girl's beauty and appropriate the profits1 to her own use? A base view. o£, the matter, but natural, human. ' ', ' And hav-', ing reaped a'certain profit out of their trade in flowers, larger than , was BU8-; pected,:thb crafty wooian of the world. had; deliberately 'deBeried- Madeline and left her to her fate. Why, then, Bhould he step forward as her avenger, to the destruction of the great name he had spent the -beat fruitsof hia mind arid the beBt years of. his life to build up? To think, of suph a thing was; Quixotism run mad. Oneof.tlie threads of .these reflec tions— that.wlilch fprceditself upon ; him aB the toughest and'; .the most prominent — waa, contempt of himself for permitting; his thoughts to wander into a current so base ; but that was his concern ; it af fected no other person bo long as ; he; chose to hold his own counsel. The diffi culty into which he was plunged waa .not of his Beeking : fate had dealt him a hard stroke ;? he received it on, his Bhield .in stead of on his naked bpdyn-who, would say that fihat was not wise 1 What other man, having the option,, would not have done aa he was about to, do ? . ; He had not albne: himaelf to consider^— the happineBSj the peace ;of -mind ^oEcthe woman he loved were in his' keeping. j- if he fell she fell with him — he had no right to inflict humiliation upon her. ''.Ow ning sophist, 'cunning sophist,' hie} conscience whispered to him, 'think not; that wandering in these crooked paths ofr reasoning you can find the talisman which will transform wrong into '?'right,':pr!'re-; move the'stain 'which^wiirreat^upon^ybUr soui.'' - . . ' ;'. .*'.' .'?''.'' i}.- ';: -2 .'. ,He answered his cdnsoiende— 'To none but myself, is my soul visible ; who, then, can see', the stiin }''''' His conscience' replied..'- God !' '?I will confess ;tpHim/\he Baid,./e; but. not.to man.'-s-''i J-i-.-- ''?'/: :-'P/'!f/ ' , ;.'Tliere is b'ut one right bourse,'' his conscience said. ; .;,'/ juggle, as ., you ?!may.j( .you know that there, '., is., ;but.f. .one.,, right course.'- . ,? .„,...?;??-.. '?*,., .-r'\ ,i, '// -;!)'? ; 'I know it,' he .'.aaid ,bpldly.;i;f,'rbut, I, am cast in human mould, ., and' am not Btrong enoughTrheroic enough — for the sacrifice you would impose upon me.'- ' Listen,' said his ' conscience ; ? 'a- voice from the grave is calling to you.' ^ 'He heard the voice — 'Blood for blood.' He stood transfixed.' .The images raised by that silent voice, wereiappalling ; they culminated in the impalpable shapeof^ a girl, with palled face,: ' gazing sadly at him, over whose form seemed to be traced in the air the lurid- words 'Blood for blood 1'— God's decree;*'' The vision lasted for but a brief space ;- in the light of hia strong will .such sairy,. terrors. could not long exist. ' Blood for blood. '! It once1 held'.nridiBputed'Bway, ?but' there are great and good men who :.look upon the' fulfilment of .the stern de cree as'a ^crime ;':niefcy,: humanity, and, all the higher laws of civilisation were on their side, but he could' hot quite' stifle( the voice. ': ? , , ?? ' ?i He took anpther, view. Supposing that he yielded to the whispering of hia icon science ; say that braving 'all the conse quences of. his action he denounced: Gautrari; The man had already been tried for murder, and could not be tried again. Set this aside. Soy that away were discovered to bring Gautran again to the, bar of earthly justice; of what value was the new evidence that could be brought against him — his own bare word — his recital of an interview of which he held no proof, and which Gautran'a sim ple denial would be sufficient to destroy? Place this new evidence against the evi dence he himself had established in proof of Gautran's innocence and it became a, feather weight. A lawyer of mediocre attainments .would blow, away auoh.evi dence with a breath ; it would injure only him who brought it forward. He decided, the matter must rest where it , was ; in silence lay Bafety... It Mwas riot-probable that he and Gautran would ever meet again.. . ,»/.;?.. ,.: ?, ?.,,;.'? .-tii . There was a till another argument in favour of this conclusion. The time for making public the horrible knowledge of which he; had become pqsafeased waa past. After he had received Gantran's confes sion he should not have lost a moment in communicating with the authorities. Not only had .he allowed the hours to slip by without taking action, but in the conversation initiated that evening by Pierre Lamont, in whieh he_ had 'joined, lie-had tacitly committed himselt to , the countenance of a .belief in Gautran'a in npconce. . He saw . no way . out of the fatal, construction whichall who knew him, as well as all who knew him' not, would place upon this line of conduct. He had been caught in a trap of his: pwn setting, but he could hide his wounds. Yes, the question was answered — he, must preserve silence. , .- ...V; ... ,-.s , : . . : This, long. Belf-communing : had ex hausted him. '?]? Hp, could npt sleep-; he ceuld neither :rea.d nor study ;; iris 'mind required relief and selace in companifin ship. .His .wife was 'doubtless asleep ; he would not disturb her. He would go to his. friend'B chamber ; haply Balcombe would be awake, and they would pass an hour in sympathising converse. .Balcombe had asked, him, when they bade each other ' good -night, whether, he . intended immediately to retire to reBt, and he had answered that he had much to do in his study, and should probably be up^tilllate in the night. 'I will not 'diaturb you,' 'Balcombe had B'aid, ''.but I, top,] am in no mood for sleep^ lha-e letters'to write, and if you happen to needsoqietyi come tp my' room, and we will have one of,, our pldchats.'' .As' he quitted 'the 'atudy to aeek his friend, the soft, silvery chimes, of al clock, on1 the mantel' proclaimed the liour. He counted-: the, Btrok.es.. ', It, was, midnight.'... \\]' .' ..\\\ .;.., ...-.-i; .,,,,? CHAPTER XXIjt.— QAUTRAN FINDS, A ? i '?' ' - ; ; ' ?' ' refoqe. ' - ' '.,:'.. .'.-. .',. When J'ohn, ?Vanbrngh;, found himself alone! lie cried, i ^ What, the .devil! Tired of my, company already! That is a fine compliment , to pay, 'to. a gentleman, of my .breeding. ' Gautran'J ' Gautran !' ; ; He ?listened. No answer came. 'A capital disappearance, Vjhe cpntinued^'in its way, dramatic. , The '. afcene, . the tirxje, .all agreeing.' It.^deeB Hoi- please :me. 'Dp ypu hear m6, Gfautrain,'' 'j,he 'shouted, 'jit does not -please .me. I am npt used to be treated in this cavalier style. If I- were.not tied: to this spot in ,the execution of a most important mia aion, I would after you, my friend, and te|aWiyou better mannerB. He drank my brandy, too, the ungrateful rogue.: A 'waste of good liquor— a' sheer waste. ir^ou, g4t no 'more, friend^ ' without paying, its 'equivalent.' 'Vanbrugh indulged 'in this soliloquy; withotjt allowing ihis /.wrath' to i interfere with his watch i; not for a single i nioment did he shift his gaze from the windows, of the Advocate's study. '!Nowr what induced him,'he continued after :a- piiuse, 'to spirit himself away ab- mya-.; terioualy? FromCtfie r violent -fancy he^ isipressed for my company Iregarded hinii as' a fixture ; one would have supposed he intended to stick to me like a limpet- to a rook. ? i Suddenly, without rhyme.' pr ;irea- spn^-iand just aa the .conversm'tipn -was; getting interesting, he takes French leave, .and makes himaelf scarce. - I hope hehasi' not left hia ghost behind him — the; ghost 'of pretty Madeline. Not likelyf though. When a partnership such as that is en tered into — devilish unpleasant and'incon ^venie'nl it must be— it' is not dissolved. so ^aaily. Perhaps he was 'spirited away wanted, ' after the fashion of ,bur' dear' Lothario, Don Giovanni. There was no ; blue fire about, however, and I smelt no brimstone. No, he disappeared of his own . 'prompting; it will repay thinking over. -He .said his phantom— even my holy pre-.' sence could not keep. her from. him. He murdered her — not a doubt pf it— and the, Advocate his proved hia innocence. Were' it .not a ;tragedy I; should feel ; disposed to : laugh. We were Bpeaking of -the Advo bate when he darted off. But you cannot escape me, Gautran ; we shall meet again. An ' acquaintanceship so happily com-' menced must not be allowed' to drop— nor shall it, while it suits my purpoBe. ; A.t length, John Vanbrugh, you are learning to be wise. ' You allowed'yourself to 'be fleeced, sucked' dry,1 and1 being thrown upon the roc'fs, stripped of fortune 'and' the means to woo it,- you 'strove 'to live as' knaves liver— upon the folly;of othersjlike youraelf. But you were a poor hand at the trade. Ypu were never cut out for a; knave, arid you pulled, through, a succes sion of reverses, so infernally - hard ; as , almost to break, an honeBt. man'sheart. , , It is all over now. ' I see the..sun.; '; Bright,, days are before you, John — the old day s^ oyer'agairi ; but you will sperid your rhoriey' more prudently, my lad ; no squandering ; exact its value ; be wise, bold, determined, and you shall not go down with sorrow to the grave. Edward, mypld friend, if I had the liquor I would drink to you. As it is- ? .' ? As it was he wafted a mocking kiss towards the House o,f White Shadows, and patiently cpntinued his watch. * ?#...# . * *. Meanwhile Gautran had not been idle .? Uppn quitting Vanbrugh the direction hei teok was from the House of. White Shadows. Vanbrugh had observed this, and was not aware that it. was dpne to deceive him. . ,'P.or when Gautran waB at » safe distance from Vanbrughf put , of, sight and hearing, he paused/. and .deliberately set liis face,.. towards the villa. He I skirted the hill Occupied byyanbrugh,ac its I base, and' walldng. with '.great caution, I pausing frequently ^p/aasure, himself that- I he was alone and was not. being followed, I arrived at the gates of the villa. He tried the gates ; they were locked.. Could he I climb over them? He would have risked, the danger — they were set with sharp spikes —had he not known that it would take -some time, and feared that some v person passing along the high road might detect him. He made his- way to the back of the villa, and carefully examined the walk. His eyes were accustomed to darkness, and he could see pretty clearly; it was a long time before he discovered a means of ingress afforded by an old elm which grew within a few yards of the wall, and the far-spreading branches of which stretched over the grounds. He climbed the tree and crept like .a cat along the stoutest branch he could findv It bent beneath his weight aB he hung ) suspended from it. It was a fall of twenty ' feet, but heriiskjed it. He unloosed his hands and dropped to the earth. '?? He was shaken but not bruised. His purpose, thus- far, was accomplished. He was' within the grounds pf the' villa. . ' All. waa quiet.- .When he recovered from the shock of hisfall, he stepped warily towards the house. Now and then he was startled and alarmed at the shadows, of the. trees,, which. ...moved athwart- hiB'-- patti, but he mastered these terrors and crept on and on, till'.h'e heard the ' soft sound of a clock striking the hour. Ho paused, as. the Advocate.:had done, :and;--. counted; ,the strokes— midnight. Whoa. the sound had quite died, away he stepped'' i forward,,, and saw the lights in the study ' \yindows. 'Was' anybody ..there ?. :.. He guessed sharply enough' that 'if the room, _. wjas, occupied, it could be; ;by no other .- person 'than the Advocate.' Well, it was? ' the Advocate, he came' to see ;, he had ~ no design' of robbery in' his mind. ' ''!„ ; He stealthily approached a window^ andt blessed his, good. fortune, to find that i$\ was , partly '.open.' .He ^peered, intp. the' study ; it' was-'empty.^ ' He ; climbed 'the Bill and dropped Boftly into the room. 1 1 What a grand' apartment ; what- costly/' pictures and vaaea ; what an array pf books '- andi papers ! Beautiful! objects met his eyes whichever way he , turned. . There -p' wjia the Advecate's chair— there the'tablo i at which, he wrote. T The Advocate. .had, left 'the'room for awhilb (this was' Gau- tran's .correct surmise) arid intended to return. The lamps -fully, turned, up were jr proof of this. ' He looked at the papers j on the . table. . Opuld ? he. have ? read , ha wpuldhave.. seen that manyi of. them bore' his'bwri name..,' On 'a, monster sideboard ? there were bottles filled with liquor, and glassef . f ? He''' drank-three 'dr'~four glassei- ! rapidly, and then, coiling himself up in a ?» corner of the repm',: in afewmoments was. faataaleep. ,,..;.; ,,y i. ? ?-:'??? ?.??'' - ?:??;.?!? ' hi; i.nr. .(To.be contiiMtd.)-.;, . .' , . / , -7 