AMUSING. Woman's love for ribbons is pardonable since she owes Jier existence to a rib bono. A wicked youug mnu says that he never will upon auy consideration whatever, really believe that a pretty girl knows what she ineaus till he has it from her own mouth. tl These seats," says a placard in a Hobo* ken ferry boat, 11 are exclusively for ladies, and gentlemen will please not occupy them until the ladies are seated." A bank dude passed down Mcrrimac street the other afternoon, and a small boy who saw him at once called out to a friend on the other side : u Hi, Jimmie, d'yersee that? Where's the hand organ he belongs to?" Old Hlifkins icioked up from his inoruing paper, after reading the market report, and soliloquised : "How butter can bo active is one of the most incomprehensibly iueomprc* heusible incomprehensibilities. If it had been cheese I could have uuderstood it," It is a common saying that a woman can't keep a secret as well as a man. AU bosh. Why, a woman will keep a secret that a mau would forget in two hours, long enough to spread it over two counties. She never loses her grip on it till she gets o better one. Farmer Plowshare thinks his neighbor one of the most sarcastic men he ever knew. The other morning they met, aud Plowshare thus ; opened the conversation : " Good morniug, Mr Stubbs ; how is your sick sow this morning?" "0, pretty well, thank you," was the reply ; " how are you 1" 1 The early apple cometh and the under* taker hummeth, and bis face is lighted up with joys ; and ho calculates that colic, with its twinges diabolic, will double up and i spifiicato the boys. A False Alarm.—" Oh, papa, dear i—I wish you'd come home. I'm really afraid i mamma has taken a drop too much " I "Gracious heavens, child 1—what do you | meau ? ' " That new liomceopathic medi cine, you know. I'm afraid I've given her seven drops instead of six."—Punch. Eufant Terrible.—Squire (who has been catechising Tipples Junior): (t Why, your little boy's sharp enough for a lawyer, Mrs Tipples. You ought to send him to the liar." Tipples Junior : " So mammy does, Squire. 1 fetches her a quartern o'gin every 1 maruiuV' [Aucl when he got home, Tipples I Junior had a bad quarter of an hour.]— j Pun, " I hate to sec a womau with rings iu her i ears I" exclaimed the deacon. " They ain't natural. If it was intended for woman to wear 'em she would have beou born with holes iu her ears. The first woman didu'fc wear earring*", I'll be bound." *' No," replied the quiet little man in the corner, (> nor uothing else.' Fishermen are reported lo be catching trevalla all along the bay. The news has spread like wildfire, aud now auy evening hundreds of bunk clerks, and insurance agents, who make a living by selling fish in the markets, can be seen busily hauliug baskets of iish up town about sundown. The money-market is looser, busiuess is "better, and stocks have gone up, and all this thanks to the modest trevalla which swims around the wharves. Tho man who was mistaken for a ghost and shot at five times in Milwaukee recently has decided not to wander around the yard at night in his night gown and|*lipperB, look ing for a cool place. About tho only troubles that come single are fussy old maids. The wild waves are saying, 11 Let us spray." A Boston commercial traveller, mentioned | by the Globe, was paralysed when a young lady naked him, *' When aro you going peddling again ?" Kindly words can never perish— Scowls and frowus are ne'er forgotten— Never wrongs or insults cherish— Evil thoughts are ill-begotten ; If the little ones should falter, Do not box their earB oryank'em, But go out and get a halter, Turn 'em upside down andspank 'em. 