TURF TOPICS AND ANTICIPATIONS. Br Asmobsos. Mr. L. L. Smith notifies his intention of with drawing from the tnrf, and by way of giving effect to his determination his entire stud of brood mares and horses in training have been placed in tho market for private sale. Mr. Smith not only retires himself, but expresses a desire that others would do likewise. In a lcttor to a contemporary bo says that " the unjust system : adopted by tho handicappcrs with regard to my horses compels mo reluctantly, after so many years, to give up raeiug ; and although gratui- , touB advice is seldom appreciated, I call, on every racing man who wishes to keep his namo honor able to act as I do whilst tho handicappcrs hold ' to the system they have adopted. They encour age (no doubt unintentionally) swindling, and thoso who 'run out their horses as I have done, and who thereby como in second and third, no matter what weight is put upon them — hut who really attain that position by- sufferauco from their fellow competitors — theso men get tho weight put on their horses, and it is kept there, , no matter how often they run and are beaten." Mr. Smith attributes his withdrawal to tho unfair manner in which he has been handled by oor public handicappers, and bo brings forward substantial evidence in support of his case. Re ferring to tho performance of certain of' his horses, ho writes thus Liberator, in Turf Jiegieier, 1881, ran 10 races, and won ono race, tho Normanhy Stakes, 'by a noso not one horso in that race, except Coriolanus, has siuco won a race. In 1882 .Register I find Liberator won a 1 mile race, heating horses not one of whom, except Squireen, has mado since a name, Ho has run seven times since and never won a race, r Dougal- ston has run niuo times in 18S1 Register, yet hover .won a, race. I# 1882 Register he ran 12 . times, and never got a winning bracket. Haiilco of the Hill runs 13 times, wins two races (one of .£20, tho other £15) at Kensington) inl8S2i?e.. gistcr sho starts 12 times, and wins three, ono hoing a half-milo race. Now, sir, look at the crushing weights I have had to carry right through with Liberator. Ilavo they, ever reduced Dougalston? Yes, once, at Caulfield .Cup; when they gavo him G st, 10 lb., and hecauso he could not win with that, with all the money on him, they clapped a stono more on him a fortnight after." Tho writer follows up his attack upon tho handicappers by saying "This continued persecution, or ignorance, or worse, has, with .entries, forfoits, training, travelling, jockoys, &c.;, mado so great an inroad into my purse that 1 fool, as an.honest men, I must give up, though reluctantly, horso racing, for I cannot coun tenance, to please, I presume, tho handicappers, to have my horses 1 pulled,' and certainly with tho present handicappcrs, and their sticking all tho time in the judge's box or staying, with the- . stewards, merely observing -who comes in first, second, or third — I say that with tho pre sent handicapping no man can honestly hold his own on tho turf." Every practical racing man cannot but sympa thise with Mr. Smith in certain of' his'grioY-' anccs, though, on tho other hand, it would bo. . utterly unfair to hold our public handicappors- accountable for tho numerous evils which exist', in connection with racing, or in other words tho dishonest running of racehorses. Mr. Smith aV most insists that Messrs. Barnard and Vowlcs Bhonld ho hold responsible for tho spotless purity of tho turf. Even wcro those gontlemon, whoso honesty of purpose cannot for a moment bo doubted, blessed with tho qualifications of aHons, tho idea is sadly deficient in argument and even more rcmoto in conception, All right minded- people will be inclined to think that it requires somothing more than a heaven born handicappcr to clcanso tho turf of its impurities or. prevent : tho occasional retirement of men of the L. L. Smith stamp, who hear a reputation for "straight going." Mr, Smith's personal grievance, as for aa his horses Liberator, and Dougalston are concerned, is well es tablished, and while regretting that cir cumstances should havo arlson to cause tho po pular "roso jacket, greon sleovos, tartan cap" to bo relegated from our racecourses, as threatened,, tho occurrence many not ho withont somo in fluence in tho way. of directing attention to tho present system of handicapping, with a viow of placing tho same upon n better foundation. Thore can bo no doubt that handicaps oro fre quently spoiled owing to a want of knowing the capabilities of certain performers, and for this reason it is essential that in a -omparativoly i limited racing community Iiko ours handicappors : should bo in a position to know all and every thing concerning tho credentials of tho animals Biibmittcd't'o them from timo to time. To effect this purposo tho present syatom of. handicapping would.havo to undergo a complete process of re formation. To put mattors tersely audi plainly handicappcrs would require to become thoroughly acquainted with tho doings' of both men "and horses.; Knowlodgo other than that ohtainahlo on the- more groundwork of "public form" is necessary to an. equitable adjustment of weights for handicap raccB. -Tho inroads to such know- |lodgo are diverso and multiplied, hut they are nevertheless accessible, and in support of tiiis I . can do no hettcr than cits the success which The Leader aehioved over handicappers, owners, trainers and horses in predicting tho results of . tho lato four days' campaign at I'lomington, Tho information so obtained could bo turned' to tho sarno bcncnoficial uso for the purpose of framing handicaps in which there would ho very littlo : scope for holcpicking.. Wo do not for a moment claim anything more than what is equally avail- ' ahlo to others, namelyja vigilant watch of moil and horses— the former on the hotting bourse and tho : latter on tho training track. To thoso tactics, and tlicso only, combined of course with proper discrimination in the matter of judg- mcnt, aro attrihutablo tho unparalleled ' successes which have attended our efforts in tho tipstoriul lino throughout the present season. Why, therefore, cannot our handicappers follow in thosamo groove, and apply tho information thus obtained for tho benefit of their profes- , sional productions ? Having asked tho question, lotus try. and apply tho answer. In the first , place, the public training grounds— tho places of all others where horses' form is best ohtainahlo —aro religiously eschewed, likowise tho Victorian Club and Tntersall'sj plaoes where operations pending an important meeting aro not without tlicir significance. Personal presence at Fiem- ington, Caulfield and other preparation grounds is indispensable, but the same may not ho needed at the betting head centres alluded to as long as tho handicappcrs aro posted up with reliable data, also with regard to post betting, refer ring of course to horses that aro backed legitimately and vice versa,' ' To give this system a foundation tho leading clubs would require to deal more liberally with its handicappors in the matter of pecuniary remuneration, and place them in such a position as to be under no com pliment to anybody in tho. fulfilment of their dnties. For a handicappcr to bo thoroughly an jail with tho movements and designs of tho animals he has to deal with, ho would require to he an efficiently practised turf, detective, and al though it may bo a difficult matter to assimilato tho two occupations, I havo endeavored to explain the best moans by which tho same can bo accom plished. According to tho present regime public form is tho recognised bushel by which all horse flesh is gauged, and even were this standard rigidly adhered to, and every horso handicapped up to his premier performance, instead of having weight taken off by subsequent inforior displays, . there would not hoso much ground for complaint; but when handicappers persistently allow them selves to bo hoodwinked by designing owners and trainers, it is then that honorablo men like Mr. Smith havo occasion to raise thoir voices against tho prevailing system of handicapping. If tho desired' results in handicapping reform can be obtained Mr. Smith's . retirement may not he without its advantageous influences, although at tho sama timo I cannot holp remarking that ; whilo that gentlumau has taken upon himself tho responsibility of censuring the present modo of handicapping,, ho has offered no suggestion by which tho evil may he remedied. As an expe rienced! turfilo and owner of horses,, any advico tendered from such a quarter would havo been deemed worthy of -consideration. It is a satisfactory sign of the times to know that racing i3 being more favorably countenanced at Itandwick than formerly, and that of lato years the attendances at the head-quarters of tho New South Wales turf have undergone a rapid change for tho better. Tho 20,000 people who aesombled to witness the opening operations of tho autumn campaign last Monday is sufficient evidence of this gratifying fact. To tho untiring , energy and offcctivo organising capabilities of Mr. Clihhorn is mainly attributable the gigantic strides made by the national pastimo at Itand wick, and with such an efficient director-in- chief the future prosperity of tbo Australian Jockey Club is equally well assured. Tho growing atllu- enco of that flourishing institution bids fair to crcato a corresponding incroaso in the valuo of tho stakes periodically run for under its auspices, and in. a few years hence wo may reasonably expect to sco tho Derbies and Lcgcrs, together with the produce and weight for ago races, vie successfully with the events of tho V.H.C. in point of pecuniary value. No class of turfites look forward more hopefully, to such a desirable stnto of affairs than tho resident horse- ownors thomsolves, for there is no hoodwiuking: tho fact that but for tho rich prizes offered an nually for competition in Victoria thero would not bo sufficient inducement for tho existence of so many oxtensive racing studs in tho sister co lony. The number of horses who annually cross tho border and return heavily laden with spoil from tho V.B.C. exchequer is tangihlo proof of . this, Now, howevor, thero is a fair prospect of Iho " classic" races of the New South Wales turf becoming liborally subsidised, instead of ownors cutting each others' throats merely for their own sweops as formerly. Apart from tho oxcollcneo of tho attondanco and tbo civility of the weather clerk, tho opening dayutRandwiok was productive of somo genuine sport, nono the less interesting for Us notablo surprises than for a fow hand to baud finishes, which served to gratify tho spectators. Tho Autumn Stakes in particular portrayed both tlicso elements in a wholesome degree. Thnt Tho Assyrian should have defeated proven perfor mers like .Commotion, Tho Plunger, Dnrobin and ! Mistaken at weight for ago over tho Derby dis. , tanco is indood'a mattor for surprise. That ho did so, howovor, is a mattor of turf history, and hero wo havo forciblo examples of publio form being reversed. Tho result of iho running for this raco fairly bristles with incongruities in this respoct. Parcbiu's spring triumph in tho Mel bourne Stakes, Commotion's dccisivo victory over Tho Assyrian and Darobin in tho Canterbury .Plate,, Mistnken'o recent conquest over Tho Plunger in tho Town Plato, and tho result of other weight for ago performances of the season are turned topsy-lurvy by tho reversal of form in tho Autumn Stakes. And iu spito of theso apparent inconsistencies, which go a long- way towards further exemplifying the proverbial- uncertainty of the turf, tho samo may he satis factorily '"accounted for, or accounted for ini such a manner as to rcconcilo one's self to the 'circumstances of such erratic in- and out running. Other than his Tasmauian perfor mances, when he ran a milo and throe-quarters in the Hobart Cnp in 3' mini 12soc., lOst. 71b.'up, and won the Derwcnt Plate, ono mile and a half, in: 2 min. H sec.,. carrying list., tho Mclbourno Cup winner has never previously shown any pre tensions to shine at weight for age. An im provement in form on tho part of Tho Assyrian, as well as an undeniable retrogression on tho part of his opponents, is no doubt, tho causo of .ono of thogrcatsurpriseswhichset all Randwick agape on Monday last. Next to the winner Tho Plunger was probably the only animal which ran according to Cocker, and this is to ho accounted for by pro claiming Commotion ' to bo notoriously amiss, Darobin also partially off color, Lord Lisgar, Cunnamulla and Sweet William at once oat- classed, whilo Mistakcn's inferior behavior may jnstly bo attributed to his characteristic unro- liahloncss, engendered by want of courago. It will readily he allowed thnt a prior knowledge of tlicso impressive facts would scarcely justify Tho Assyrian leaving tho paddock a 10 to! chance. Despite tho formidable opposition Warwick en countered in Copra, Ahorfoyle, Nariun, Kings- dale, Waxlight and Off Color, he successfully per formed tho taskl assigned him in the Cbampagno Stakes, and his repeated exploits in publio aro fast gaining for him a reputation ior consistency. With Archie and Warwick to his how, Air. A. P. Smart premises to hold a stiff mortgago on tho Derbies, Legcrs, produce and weight for ago races of next season. By disposing of Morpeth, Navi gator was enabled to achieve a feat never per-, formed by any other throe-year-old— namely, tho appropriation of tho Derbies and St, Xogers -of tho leading clubs in Now South Wales and Vic toria. His acknowledged superiority all through tho season has quito satisfied owners of tho folly of chasing the black demon of Terrain ; and not withstanding tho presuming positions hold at various times by Segonhoo, Hecla, Calma, Trans ferred and Guesswork, nono of tlicso had tho temerity to como' forward at tho finish to disputo his title to tho thrcc-year-old championship. The autumn meeting of tho Australian Jockey Club has added its fair quota of surprises to what has already proved an exceptional season of aston ishments on tho Australian turf. Tho Assyrian's victory in tho Autumn Stakes was in truth suf ficiently sonsatioiial; hut tho palm must bo awarded to Darehin, whoso triumph in the Sydney Cnp under the crushing impost of 9 st. S lb. at onco takes precedoneo as tho most meritorious, and at tho samo timo unexpected handicap per formance of tho year. Tho top weight's victory was all the more unlooked for because of his comparatively easy defeat in the Autumn Stakes, coupled with tho fact that ho was not supposed to bo within ponuds of his best form. Next to Darsbin's surprising win tho most notable transactions in connection with tho Sydney Cup were tho shuttlecocking operations identified with Mistaken, Sweet William and Willeroo prior to tho fall of tho flag. Each in tnrn occupiod tho position of first favorite, and it is quite evident that somebody had to pay tho piper, provided .of course the backing of each horso was genuine. Possibly tho public may havo taken unwarrantablo liberties with all three, and thus ' burnt their fingers. Tho sido hots, Willeroo versus Sweet William, gave rise to doubts from tho very first, and this mancouvring may have had something to do with bringing both liorses into market in tnrn. Tho wholo affair bo- camo exploded when tho wagors alluded to wero declared off on the niglit before tho race, though backers were as much puzzled as ever on tho day of tho raco, when they saw Hales mount Willeroo in- proforcuco to Sweet William, for whose stable he is retained. Tho whole business smelt decidedly "piscatory," and no ono except thoso directly interested was sorry to witness such a strategical scqucnco of finesse nullified by the victory of such a popular animal as Darehin, In plumping for Mistaken I again made a good shot for tho bull's-eye, hut as ono cannot expect to kill a fattod calf overy day I feel no discredit in my calculations being up set under suchnncxpectod circumstances. What with tho watery visitation which occurred towards tho fall of the afternoon, and tho incon- . vcnicnces experienced by tfio defective railway arrangements, visitors to Williamstown on Easter Monday hail anything bu' a pleasant time of it. Tho weather during tho forenoon wnB snfficiontly attractive to draw a good "gate," so that tho promoters in no .way suffered by tho unfavorable turn which matters took at tho conclusion of tho day's sport. It is pleasing to know that there were redceming.circumstanccs as far as tho racing was concerned, tho finishes for tho Altona and Ecaford Handicaps in particular being highly interesting, and' aliko. croditablo to,Mr. Vowles, tho liandieapper. Tho Ghost'3 courago has fre quently been doubted, but tho gamo stylo in which ho tackled Honors in tho Altona Handicap and beat licr on tho post showed plainly '.! A ho is not without a fair sliaro of dotormiuAion, though perhaps bo may ho occasionally eccentric in tho exercise of tho samo. Premier portomcd all I predicted of him in Iho Steeplechase, and but for Burton leaving matters a triiio lato in the Scaford Handicap I would havo been equally for. tunato with Doagalston, who could not quite get up to Black Diamond, and was beaton by a littlo more than n head. Tho latter has rccontly been doing Mr. Patterson . somo usoful sorvico, and what with Wizard's, victory at .Caulfield tho for tunes of tho "green jacket and yellow cap" havo takon % timely turn for the letter. Tho Victoria Trotting Gluh has issued a bill of faro for discussion at Etstemwick Park on 14th April, The piogramino is made, up of trotting and racing items. The purso of 50 sovs., re stricted to tho 2 min. 45 sec. class, will, in all probability, induco tho presmtoo' of somo of the imported cracks which contested tho big prize on St. Patrick's day, in which caso a great deal of interest wonld be attached to tho competition, . Numerous important sales havo recently been effected in tho cqnine line. Honesty, the her !L I ' of the 500 -ova. Purso at Elsterawick Park, ban ., become tho property of Mr. J. White for tho round sum of 1000 sovs. That speedy mare- Lnssiopeia, who also distinguished herself at Rljitcrnwiek on St. Patrick's day, has been sold tch go to India, while Sir Joseph is likewise destined' to leave the colony. Mr. E. Weeks has hecoma- possessed of . tho hurdle racers Cavalier and Bind Bell, whilo Mr. A. Saqui ha3 purchasod Stare light, who; is now an associate of Squireen ah Essendon. In compliance with the wish of a large numhoS of racing men who are desirous of leaving Mel bourne in ample timo to prepare for tho autumn campaign in Adelaide the executive of the Vic toria Amatour Turf Club havo courteously as sented to alter tho date of their next meeting from tho 23 th to tho 21st April. Tho programme of events, representing addod money to the valuu of 375 sovs., appears elsewhere. The principal items aro tho Glon Huntly Handicap of 100 sovs., and tho Stooplechaso of like Tatue, Nominations, aro duo on 14th April. Sufficient entries not having been received foa dlio buggy races advortisod for to-day a( ELstcrnwickit has been decided to withdraw the programmo. : . Tbo attention of up country owners of horses is directed to Sovoral item3 of importance which require attending to next week. On 3rd April tho gcnoral entrios and acceptances for Daylcs ford require to bo made, whilo on tho day fol. lowing Tallarook entries become due. Bacchus Jrarsh acceptances aro to bo announced on tha samo date, and thoso for Ponshurst on tho 5th proximo. Entries for tho Newstead Handicaps aro fixodfor flth Anril, and those for Bacchus Marsh on tho 7th, Mr, David Jones, tho well known patron ol both racing and coursing, has taken his departure foranothor Europeau tour, and will ho abscni from tho colony for somo considerable timo. It is reported that tho imported entire, Reugny, winner of tho Liverpool Grand National Stooplechaso in 1874, has been purchased at a high figure by Mr. M'Connel, of Crcssbroot, Queensland. Since his arrival from England Reugny has been standing in tho Clarence and Richmond district, New South Wales. Being a. horso of good breeding, size and power, he is likely to bo a most valuablo addition to the Queensland stud. Racing men will bo pleased to hear that Sir William Clarke, Bart., has decided to once more try his fortunes on tho turf, and with this end in viow tho Sunbury baronet has placed a couple ol three-year-olds, by Tho Marquis, in H. Yccnd'S hands at Flemington. Bordeaux, who has been. . at tho stud for a couple of years, will also be en trusted with tho " whito jacket, red sleeves and- cap" next season, provided Ycend is successful in putting him through a preparation, of which, there is not much doubt, for, like the majority ol tho Panics, tho son of Girondo is gifted with n sound sot of logs and a good constitution. Tha unfurling of Sir William's banner at Flemington is a matter of congratulation to thoso who are desirous of seeing the personnel of the tnrf im-' proved. Mr. W. E. Dakiu took his departure !:: Adas, laido in chargo of Sir Thomas Elder's i- im on - Thursday last, and ho will arrive in plenty o£ time to get his horses ready for the annual cam paign in Sonth Australia. Guesswork has picked up his crumbs wonderfully fast sinco the Victoria Racing Club meeting, and departed in excellent spirits, Mr, Rouso has been very severe on some of tha jockeys at Randwick. In the Champagne Staked he fined tho wholo ten riders a " fiver" each,' whilo Roarty, the jockey of Crysophrase, was furJ thcr prohibited from riding during tho meeting.; Mr. W. S. Gardiner has snffercd a severe loss by the death of Tubal Cain, who succnmbcd tti rupture oi tho bowels on Monday last, Tho seif oETrcgeaglo and Zillalr was a horse of immensa substance, and it will ho no easy matter to re-'- placo him at Bundoora Park. Prometheus and Coriolanus aro among tho most promising of tha progeny he has left behind him. Yet another oquino death to record, namely,': that of tho well known performer Ella, winner of. the Hobart Cup in 1S75. Sho was in foal to Tha Marquis at tho timo sho received a, kick from a 1 companion, which necessitated her destroyal. 