THE LOVER UP A TREE. Well, hero's a situation For a young man up a treep 'With n hull dog etanding undor, Looking lovingly at nio! Treed! by all tlio arts of Cupid; Like a'possum- or a 'coon'l What an aspect for a lover, \- By the dim light of tho moon! : Cnmo to soronado mv Julia! lightly, climbod tho garden-wall: Turned my guitar, neath her window, Yonder wliero the shadow fall*: Got ns far as ''Sleep, my darling,' When a dcop base bowlwowlwow! Out of tune nnd timo ealutod me— ' I hear its echo now. Ard a snapping close behind ine, Warned mo a loo was near; So I beat a quirk retroatfiom there, And found a lodgement hore! As Iclimbed (his smooth alanthuf, ? I felt a something tear; Let's see: yes, here's areutbenind; I know how it came there! I'laguo tako that eanino crcature! Wagging his stiff bob-tail, As thrugh lie thought his narrative Would finally prevail! But faueh dogmatic arguments. Have no ffieoton me, A ml such waggish illustrations With my temper dont agree. Yonder where tho snowy curtain In tho mellow ^moonlight shines, - Uncouscious of my oad mishap, My; Julia dear reclines. I would not now for all tho world, That sho should sco mo here, Dangling in this old alanthu?, With a white (l ig iu my roiir. \- Oh! for a bit of strychnine, . Or a poison of some sort! ; I'd stop Iho wagging of that tail, And all this eanino sport. M is midnight, and I liopo if uo.v A ghost is on the jog, - He'll como this way and frighten oil' This most pugnacious dog. If fairies in tho moonlight dance, ; 1 trust somo light carouscr Will como and 'play dog' for a whilo With this infernal 'Bowsor!1' Tho merry star* seem Uughiug In their plaees up afar, But I am looking downward On a dungcrous dog star. 'When Actaon locked on Dian, 'With naked nymphs around, Tho angry huntress changed tho boul Intruder to a hound. Oh! for tho power to change this dog Into a strapping fellow! I'd mount him in a minute, And turn his bark to bellow. Hark! whnt is that? — an old torn cat Around the porch is crawling: I'oorTom! I've a follow feline For your sod caterwauling! Now Bowsor hoars him! see, he turns! Seek! catch him! bito him bowser! Confound the twig! its fastened in Tho ront withiii my trouser! He's gone! and dog aud cat are soon In mad and desporato ohaae? 'Tie a very propor time, I think, For mo to leave this placo. O Julia! sleep! sleep sound my love! O do not wake just yet, o view the-ront in my trousorloons, Mudo by your canine pel! . And if you uover wako until My soft guitar jou hoar, You'll slumber till old Gabriel's horn Shall broak your sleep my dear! 