ECHOES OF MELBOURNE, [BY TEE GIIOBT.] September 9. The estimates for the year have been passed, and with the exception of the items in connection with the Public Library and the l)efence Force, are ready to be incorporated in the annual Ap propriation Bill. The Civil Service Bill lihas passed its second reading, and the Assembly, like schoolboys with a holiday in prospective, have, under the promise that if they worked well the Government would not object to an adjournment on Thursday a couple of hours before the usual time to allow the festively disposed among the people's representatives to attend the return ball to the Mayor, shown a most commendable diligence in dealing with the business of the country. In all probability, notwithstanding the large amount of business on the paper, the session will finally close before the end of Nvoember, when the conference between the delegates of all Australia is to meet in Sydney. Most of the Government business will then be disposeod of, and as none of the Legislatures of the othercolo. nieos will be in session the Federation pro posals can be discussed in a leisurely way. Whether any results will accrue from the interchange of colonial collective wisdom, beyond a united request for the annexa. tion of, or the establishment of a pro tectorate over New Guinea and the New Hebrides, is extremely doubtful. The Tariff Commission, which might have done something towards 4ssimilating the duties leviable in Now South Wales, South Australia, and Victoria, and thus helping a rapprochement, will, should the proposals of its chairman be adopted, have still further widened the breach. That eventually there will be formed a Customs Union, on the basis of the Zollverein, each colony receiving an amount of the duties collected in propor tion to the number of its inhabitants, is tolerably certain. The "settled policy of the country," however, qo far as Vic toria is concerned, forbids any hope of the much-to.bo-wishod-for consummation just at present. In a few years public opinion may change, but until it does we must be content to "paddle our own canoe." The ire of the eminently Christian gentlomen who constitute the Melbourno Presbytery is not to be appeased by the resignation of the Rev. Charles Strong. They have suceeded in getting him down, and not only do they intend to keep him down, but to kick him now that he is down. They have postponed accepting the resignation for a month, in order that a brother minister may be, as the Presby. terian orthodox phrase has it, "libelled" in the meantime. How fortunate it is for the reverend delinquent the boot and thumb.scrow and the stake are no longer in' vogue with Churchmen ! Wore these appliances for bringing " heretics" round to "correct opinions" on roligious'matters in use now, they would most assuredly have boon brought to bear in order to win over the recalcitrant. The unrogenerate cannot but be impressed with the large amount of brotherly love showin by the Prosbytery, and the display of that clharity which we are told " covereth a n!lultitdo of sine," apd is tie forenmost among the virtues, by an assemblage of the "unoo guid.' "How the brothren love one another, to be aura !" is the exclamation that can hardly fail to escape the lips of the profano. " Is the congregation of Scots Church going to stand it ?" is meantime the ques. tion being asked. Unfortunately as long as they continue associated with the Pres byterian Church they are powerless to /make any move towards retaining their minister. If they stick to Mr. Strong, they imust abandon their church property. The knowledge of this fact may restrain their Scottish ardour. But there has been some tall talk, and it has been pointed out that when the Apostle Panl could not get the synagogue to preach in, lie ob tained from Tyrannus the use of his schoolroom. Will the Rev. Cliha. Strong "go and do likewise ?" Mr. Mirams has got himself into hot water by publishing his draft report of the Tariff Commission before submitting it to his colleagues. The little member for Collingwood is nothing if not ambi tions, and in his anxiety to obtain all the kudos for himself, has taken a very un usual course. The offended dignity of the Commissioners will cause them to alter and cut up the report, until its author will hardly recognise his own handiwork. Perhaps this may not prove an unmitigated evil, for, sooth to say, some of the recommendations are im practicable, and the entire document is full of incongruities. Mr. Mirams has not improved his position in the eyes of the country, nor bettered his chance of obtaining a seat on the IMinisterial bench when the next change occurs, for he has been denounced in the Assembly by a prominent member of the Liberal party ats the greatest enemy the farmer over had." Among the Government supporters none is to be found more staunch at the present moment than the senior member for Castlemaine. Mr. Patterson is more a Ministerialist than even Ministers them solves. Can there be any truth in the rumour that despite the possession of "an indulgent constituency and a good business" the honourable gentleman would not be averse to becoming ;one of the three Railway Commissioners to be appointed under the Railways Manage ment Bill ? It's said a reformed sinner makes the best saint, and it would there fore not be much at variance with the eternal fitness of things were a gentleman who has been twitted with having, when in office, found employment for half the adult male population in Castlomaine in the service of the State nominated as one of the triumvirate charged with the duty of abolishing political patronage. Has not the sight of Satan reproving sin been witnessed ere now ? A little story anent the intelligence of the police, not taken from the columns of the police intelligence :-In a township of Victoria, which for the nonce shall be nameless, a visitor of an enquiring and statistical turn of mind, enquired of the local guardian of the peace if he could give him any accurate information in regard to the number of inhabitants. "'Begorra, sir, I can," was the reply, " I can tell ye to a fraction. Each house in the place contains on the average five and a half adults." "And how many houses are there?" queried the visitor. "Ah, be jabers," replied the man in blue, " now that's just what I don't know." In the Thespian world there is very little to chronicle. " Struck Oil" still holds the boards at the Royal, and as far as the proprietary is concerned the piece has not belied its name. It gives place next week to " Eureka," in which Miss Watt-Tanner and Mr. Grattan Riggs are to be added to the strength of the com pany. " Moso in Egotto" hiasboon with drawn at the Opera House, where, on Friday, Signor Verdi was honoured with . bumper benefit. The management of this theatre have engaged, in addition to their present staff of artists, the Montague-Turner English Opera Com pany, and on Monday Miss Annie Mon. tague will again delight a Melbourne audience. At the Princess, Miss Emelie Melville still continues to draw, despite the many other attractions, and at the Bijou Signor and Signora Majoroni have achieved a well merited success in the emotional play of "Jealousy." Signor Majoroni lihas almost entirely recovered the use of his voice. This will be good news to all admirers of the drama. 