ST. LAWRENCE CONCERT, NEWSTEAD The Mechanics' Institute was crowded on Wednesday evening to witness the performers who had kindly given their services to assist in liquidating the debt on the Roman Catholic Church, Sandon. This beautiful building was some time back erected at a high price, and was opened by the Bishop of Melbourne, assisted by Fathers Daly and Allen, when an impressive sermon was preached by Father Daly, after- wards a collection was made, which was liberally responded to. The committee, finding there was still a debt owing on the church, re- solved to hold a series of concerts to assist in clearing off the amount. The first of these took place in the old school-room, Sandon, when the building was crowded to excess. The second, on Wednesday evening, was highly successful, both to the audience and to the persons con- nected with the church, as the performance was good and the amount taken at the door, includ- ing the previous sale of tickets, must have been large. One thing was especially noticeable, that amongst those present there were a great number of the different de- nominations who had generously assisted with their respective amounts to help in clearing the expense on the church. The weather during the evening being very close and sultry, the room was anything but pleasant, as they were packed so closely together that handkerchiefs and fans were kept continually in use. The secretary, Mr T. J. Ryan, was kept busy in the afternoon before the concert in procuring extra seats, which were eagerly taken up by those that came in. Mr P. Burke was most energetic in the sale of tickets, having disposed of 30 at a gathering lately held at Sandon. Mr E. Slee presided, and in his usual pleasing manner kept the audience in good humour. One of the gentle- men absent was Mr George Kinross, who was debarred from taking part, owing to the unfortu- nate accident that happened to him. It is the first time that his face has been missed on these occasions, and it is to be hoped that his acci- dent will not cause him long illness. Miss Treacy and Miss Prendergast, of Maryborough, opened the programme by a well played overture on the piano, which followed by a song, "Our Jack's come home to- day," exceedingly well rendered by Mr Burge, who is a great help to the concerts in Newstead. A comic song by Mr J. A. James, of Castlemaine, was very amusing, and this was followed by the "Midshipmite " by Mr T. F. Ryan, who received a well-earned applause. The duet of "List, Dearest, List," by Mrs Rus- sell and Mr Oates, was so well rendered that they received an encore, and responded with "Home to our Mountains." An amusing reci- tation was given by Mr E. Ryan, of Yandoit, who kept the audience in roars of laughter. He, also gave a laughable stump speech on the "Story of Ghosts," and was repeatedly ap- plauded. Mrs Russell gave the song of "For get," for which she was loudly and deservedly applauded. The song "Pretty Lips." by Mr Nicol, Yandoit, in the character of a nigger, was successful. The last number on the first part of the programme was by Mr E. M'Guiness, who gave a golden shoe dance, which so delighted the audience that he was called on again, and responded by an Irish jig. In the second part of the programme there were several noticeable numbers, amongst which were those of Mrs Russell and Mr T. F. Ryan. For the duet of "Reuben and Rachel," by Miss M. and J. Treacy, they were encored, and responded, by singing the last verse. The song of "Thy face," by Miss James, was well received, as also was the duet "Very Suspicious," by Miss and Mr James. For an encore Mr James gave his old favourite "O, Joe, the boat is going over," and also by desire "The hungry man. " The song, "Death of little Nell," was given by Mrs Russell, and was encored. Thus ended one of the most pleasant concerts that has been given in the Institute for some time. After a vote of thanks was given to the ladies by Mr Sheehan, the National Anthem was sung by the company, when the assemblage dispersed. A dance was afterwards held, when a number of the young people enjoyed themselves thoroughly, to the music of Mr Lahn, Maldon. 