ECHOES OF MELBOURNE ? TBy The Ghost.1 . Oct. 10. 'Oysters is out, cats is in,'' was, ac cording to an English classical novelist, the exclamation of a London ' coster' at the olose of the season when the con sumption of the appetising bivalve, dear to the palate of gourmets of every clime, is no longer a legal privilege, and '' pies all hot,' the component elements of which are popularly supposed to owe much to the domestic tabby, constitute the chief stock-in-trade of the itinerant vendor of delicacies, and so for the present politics are set aside, and the talk of Melbourne is of the Cup 'cuppy.' How Archie could have won the Derby, but was not allowed to achieve the blue ribbon of the Australian turf, and how Martini-Henry, the animal with a double' name, illus trated that 'eternal fitness of things' which is such a stand-by to leader writers, by scoring a double victory, are now the chief, indeed the sole subject that occupy the minds of men, and of a large portion of women too, if the truth must be told. For — tell it not in Gath— the fair sex are no longer satisfied with wagering the time-honoured gloves, but go in for down right betting ; the gentlamen of the party are. asked to 'lay a pound or two' for the dames they chaperone. If they Belect the winner, the gains, of course, are taken by the ladies; if unfortunate, they pay the penalty of their want of judgment by being allowed to 'settle' with the bookmakers. One of the best known among the fraternity was heard to say after the Derby that he had won over a thousand pounds of ' ladies' money' owing to the defeat of Archie. The people's representatives, or at all events, a number of them, are apparently bent on spending their holiday — and their salary—outside of Viotoria. Mr. Bent and Mr. Bosisto have already Bailed for India, Mr. Bolton is in Queensland (which colony, it is rumoured, he intends permanently to grace with his presence), and the Speaker and Major Smith are o.Viniif. fcn fnlrA fchmr rlAnnrf.nro fnr T^fiw Zealand on a lengthened tour. Should the two honourable gentlemen travel to gether it is to be hoped they will be able to agree a little better outside the walls of the.As'sernbly'than they do when Mr. Lalor is arrayed in his wig, and officially robed, and so often compelled to ' sit upon' the hon. and gallant member for Ballarat. ' Other parliamentary notabilities are about to betake themselves to New South Wales and Tasmania to give the people of those localities a taste of their Victorian quality, and travel _aB ' dead heads'' on the Government railways. In 'fact it may be said that a veritable exodus of legislators has set: ? in. . Is it that they feel themselves to be in their own country prophets without honour 1 or can it be — no, the supposition is too dreadful— -that in many cases what they are in the habit of styling ''appy'omes' do not exist for them ? The' decision of the Full Court in re gard to the suit brought by a Mr. Gushing to recover a large number of shares he allowed to be forfeited in 1877 for non-payment of a call of one penny per share, arid which, when the Company had paid upwards of 16s per share in dividends, some five years afterwards he sought to recover, has given1 satisfaction to everyone — excepting; of course, to the plaintiff. The Chief Judge of the Court of Mines had dirAted Mr Cushing's name to be resfflrBd to the shareholder's register. Against.this decision the Company appealed, and the appeal has been allowed. The Privy. Council will no doubt ultimately be called upon finally to decide, for the plaintiff is a member of the wealthy American firm of Osborn, Cushing, and Co., and' is hardly likoly to accept without cavil the dictum of the Full Court. Fortunately for mining enterprise the new aot relating to the forfeiture of shares will render similar suits for the reinstatement of defaulting . call-payers impossible in the future. n HbluugUJ. All lUOluuuiiiD jjaooiug uunu Bourke-street any time during Wednes day, and trusting to his ears alone, might fairly have fancied himself in Clare or Limerick, or else in far-famed Tipperary. There was an accent in the speech of most of the wayfarers one met redolent of the Green Isle. The occasion that caused them to assemble from the uttermpst parts of the colony was the holding of an Irish- Australian Convention for the purpose of furthering the cause of Home Rule. Mr. Redmond, M.P., and Dr. O'Doherty of Queensland were the 'stars' of the evening in an oratorical sense. There was nothing very particular to note about the gathering but the absence of prominent Victorian politicans and members of the Legislature. On Thurs day the delegates, numbering some three hundred, were ' banquetted,' and on Friday Mr. J. E. Redmond delivered his final lecture in Australia, which he leaves a richer, if not a wiser, man then when he first came to us. The Government are still in com munication with the Agent-General re specting the chairman of the new Railway Board. When that gentleman and his colleagues are appointed, it is safe to pre dict that the public will be somewhat sur prised, a number of expectant commis sioners disappointed, and the Ministry ubilant that Parliament is not in session, and that no awkward questions will re quire answering. When the Houbbs re assemble, the whole affair will be ancient history. _ ' If the people are not pleased with their parliamentary representatives, at all events honourable members of the Legis lature appear very well satisfied with themselves. So in order to show the esti mation in which they hold themselves, they have given themselves a marine pic nic. Got up steam on board the Nelson (the colonial article of that ilk), stocked the' vessel with edibles and potables, in vited their lady friends, all at the expense of a paternal Government. Is this the device of a - frugally-minded but on pleasure-bent Scotch premier, and done in order to save the .cost of the usual 'white- bait' dinner? The racing carnival is over, and Mel bourne is once more beginning to wear its work-a-day aspect. The tanned-skin young gentlemen, whose yearly advent is looked forward to as a sort of special providence by tailors and bookmakers, have gone back to the billabongs and back blocks, and Scott's, Menzies, and the Coffee Palaces, no longer resemble bee hives or herring barrels. Let it be hoped their holiday has made this section of young Australia wiser. There is certainlv room for improvement. It almost goes without saying that every place of amusement has been filled from floor to ceiling during the carnival week. The ' Silver King,' at the Royal, has drawn enormous audiences, and acted and placed on the stage as it is, deserves all its success. At the Princess that plucky little manageress, Miss Emilie Mel ville, has been delighting the publio with a nightly-varied round of operaa-bouffe, while at the Opera House the ' Mantrans Nbirs,' with Miss Ivanova and Messrs. Knight Aston, Virdi, and Applebly, have been affording a real treat to lovers of sparkling music artistically rendered. For those who like to take their pleasure sadly — moult trisUment — as Froissard has it, the Majeronis have been giving a round of their admirably acted, but some what depressing characters in ' Jeal ousy,' Oamille,' and 'The Woman of, the People.' Those old mirth provoking favourites, the Federal Minstrels, have re turned to their old location, the Victoria Hall, and have, judging ? from the ? audiences that nightly greet them, exemr plified the truth of the adage, anent ab sence causing the heart to grow fonder. Just at present theatrical managers are in clover. 