Hon. J. Douglas on the Transcontinental Railway. The Hon. J. Douglas delivered a lecture at the Town Hall, Maryborough, on the 5th ult. on the Transcontinental Railway. We condense the following report of his lecture from the Chronicle: — The hon. gentleman, who, on rising was received with rounds of applause, said they all knew that the Transcontinental Railway had not only been long talked about, but after long negotiations an agreement had been made and if it suited Parliament to ratify the same it would doubtless be carried out. In fact, so far back as the days of Collier and Co. it was talked about and anticipated that they might make a railway right through to the Gulf of Carpentaria. (The lecturer here pointed out on the map of Queensland the line the Transcontinental Railway Co. had agreed upon lately, showing the alternate blocks of land to be granted to them on the completion of the line.) He said it must be admitted that a line in that direction had been by common consent agreed to as as a line which might be considered as the trunk line, the back- home line passing through the centre of Queensland without any engineering diffi- culties to overcome. Everyone of the points of the railway they were now constructing — to the Gulf of Carpentaria on the one hand, and to the Bourke and the Darling on the other, would have to be carried out to the great Australian trunk line. They agreed that the construction of that line was one that would suit their requirements, and open out a vast extent of country. Referring again to the vast territory of Queensland and com- paring it with the thirteen States of America, he thought that country was big enough to make big men of the whole of them. That was a thought which ought to nerve them to a sense consciousness of the responsibility resting upon them, and ought to arm them with resolution to give effect to their policy in a timely manner. (Applause). He had watched the negotiations that had taken place during the past two years in connection with the Transcontinental Railway. He had long been an advocate for land grant railways. For the last twelve years he had been convinced that it was the only way by which they could sufficiently develop the resources of their vast interior. He was fortified in that conclusion when he visited America and saw how much had been done there by that very same system. There they had a country intersected by 100,000 miles of railways at the present time, more than the whole of the mileage of railways in the rest of the world. They had chiefly been constructed on the land grant principle. They were often told that there had been a great deal of "jobbery" in con- nection with those land grants, but at the same time it had resulted in enormous benefits to the people themselves, and caused immi- gration and settlement of a large population throughout the length and breadth of the land. (Applause.) Those people enjoying the democratic form of Government would not be such fools as to continue the land grant system unless by doing so they were advancing the interests of their country. (Applause.) They must not therefore be scared as children were scared sometimes by the ghost stories where were told them by their grandmothers. They must not be scared upon the possibility of a certain amount of land jobbery being carried out by that transaction. There had been a tremendous amount of jobbery in con- nection with their Crown Lands, and there was at the present time. It was inherent in the existence of Crown Lands. They did the best they could to prevent that, and they were quite as competent to provide against that as they were against any of the evils of the present time. There were evils connected with their present South Sea Island trade, and it had to be cautiously watched, but they had not to be deterred from making use of those Islanders on that account. All they had got to do was to take the best steps in their power to prevent them becoming pre- judical to their social condition. (Applause.) As compared with the whole area of Queens- land, and considering the immense advan- tages to be conferred by the trunk line, the alienation of those alternate blocks of land did not seem to him to be extravagant. He con- sidered the agreement now proposed by the Transcontinental Railway Syndicate as in- finitely more advantageous than those bargains that have been made lately by the Canadian Government. He was extremely sorry to see that the Warrego Railway Bill was not carried. It would at any rate have been a commencement. He differed from Mr. Morrossan as to the dif- ference between the proposals for the Warrego and the Transcontinental Railways. It seemed that the Warrego railway people were anxious or willing to get the railway off their hands as soon as possible. He did not regard that as a satisfactory bargain at all. After showing the advantages of the powers of resumption and other clauses in the Transcontinental Rail- way agreement, and the ultimate settlement of an increased number of freeholders and others on the land, he remarked that the great American immigration agencies in England and Germany were the outcome of the land grant system. There were claims in the settled districts where the population had gathered together, and at the present rate of constructing railways it would take up all their hands for the next ten years to come. They could not, therefore, go on the London Stock Exchange and ask for six or seven millions more to conscript the next trunk line. He hoped a parliament would be elected which would carry out that under- taking to the immense advantage of them- selves and their posterity. They must not suffer themselves to be contaminated by any notions that because there had been a certain amount of jobbery in America or England that they should be subjected to the very same process. They would take very good care they were not Messrs. Griffith and Dickson had been traveling up north recently, and they had made certain discoveries. They had arrived at the conclusion that while it was necessary to extend the present line it was desirable to leave it there. They had discovered that the squatters, storekeepers, and bullock- drivers did not require the Transcontinental Railway. (Laughter.) He never knew squatters and bulloch drivers who did require railways, but he was thoroughly convinced that they were both benefited by them in the long run, so that he was surprised that they did not discover that railways were not wanted in the country at all. Another ob- jection was that if they make a port at Point Parker, it would destroy the value of the port on the eastern coast. Mr. Rutledge had appealed to the people of Cooktown about the existence of the Gulf of Carpentaria He (Hon. J. Douglas) did not think any harm would be done by creating an additional port. They were no poorer since they had created the ports at Rockhampton, Towns- ville, or Cooktown. At the same time they had increased their facilities and intercourse as well as added to their resources. The same might be said of Point Parker. Great objections were made by some people that in going over the border to New South Wales we should damage the trade of our own country. They professed to be all one country and to be friendly with them. They talked about the tariffs of New South Wales and those of Queensland, and as to taking away their trade, let them challenge them to try, and they would do it themselves much more effectivelly through the agency of the syndi- cates to than through the Government, probably going to the differential rates. There might be many difficulties to overcome in a scheme of such magnitude, and objections to answer. This great undertaking will do much to knit together the great Australian colonies. (Ap- plause.) They ought to construct their great railways in such a way that the people in- habiting the different countries might com- municate as freely as possible, and that trade should circulate from end to end through- out that vast dominion. (Loud and con- tinued applause). 