EXTRACTS, THE GOSPEL OF RELAXATION. saturday review. The Gospel of Industry has become a hack neyed and threadbare go3pol, a3 Mr. Herbert Spencer has had the wisdom to perceive. Ear nest people have spoken, almost impiously, we think, of the blessing of labor, whereas we have tho best authority for believing that labor was imposed 011 Adam aud his oliil- dren as a punishment, not ns an entertain ment. Mr. Herbert Spencer has preachod the first sermon of the Gospel of Be- laxation in Now York, like another Paul among the Athenians. His soul ha3 been vexed by the altars and the incense of that not unknown god, the Almighty Dollar, tho coclion (Vor of modern' idolatry. Perhaps no English visitor to tho shores of freedom has been quite so freo (before Ids return) as Mr. Spencer. Ho criticised the political corrup tion of his hosts with a frankness whioh tlioy socm to have taken in very good part, though it has offended many a sweet enthusiast of de mocracy in England. Mr. Spencer thinks no more highly of Bosses and Caucuses than Mr. Mark Twain docs, or the retiring author of Democracy, or any civil sorvico reformer on the other sido of the Atlantic. Encouraged by the attontion with which his warnings were rccoivcd, Mr. Spencer had passed from public to private life, nnd given the Americans a piece of iiis philosophical mind. Ho was invited to a big dinner party, and partook, doubtless, of gumbo, terrapin, prairie chicken, plankod shad, cat-fish, hominy, pumpkin pies, tomato salad, and other indigenous dolicacies. He fielded out whilo llcv. H. W. Boeoher, Pro fessors Fisko, Sumner nnd Marsh, and ex- Secrctnry Schurz had each his oratorical innings. Mr. Oliver Wendell Holmes, too, sent a letter, in which the famous humorist " classed Spenoor with Newton and Darwin." No man is a prophet in his own country, and perhaps we scarcely reckon Mr. Spencer quito so highly at home. Then cams Mr. Spencer's own innings, and, by way of replying to the toast of his health, I10 oriticlscd tho health of Ids entertainers. The mop of Now York, in his opinion, are in all things not too " super stitious," hut _ too industrious. " With Americans work is n passion, and even deaths from the overwork are not infrequent." It would bo difficult, even for a critic who knows both countries well, to say whether Americans need this gospol more than wo do at home. Deaths from overwork are common cuougli here, or rather, perhaps, wo should Bay, deaths from ovor-worry. It is not work so much as anxiety about work that does men harm in tho long run. Different sorts of work entail dif ferent proportions of worry. At the univer sities, where fclioro is n good deal of overwork, men do themselves leas injury by constant study than by constant anxiety and oxcitement about thoir success in the schools. This anxiety tlioy try to stifle by incessant rending, and so they plod on till they break dowu from over training. Over-work at a literary effort — say tho history of tlio Lower Empire, or any topic of that sort — is not very likely to damago a litorary rccluso who is not hurried and can choose his own timo. But work not more in cessant or mora absorbing may soften tlio brain of a man who is struggling to support his fa mily by his pon, or to push his way in tlio vast modern crowd into a foremost place in tho pro fession of letters or at tho bar. Such a man does not feol justified in refusing any work, nnd vory probably this habit cling3 to ' him after ho could nfford to pick and oliooso among liia cases or among tho journals and magazines which nsk for his. nssistanco. Then ho gets nervous about mooting his engagements, and when ho lias como to that pass anxiety breaks liim down. Similar causes work far moro rapidly, as Mr. Spenoor may have had ocoasiou to remark, in a bustling commercial city. A groat deal of tho " over work" of business men 1b notlnbor, but a fever ish gambling excitement and eagerness, In ono of Mr. James's short stories, The. Pension Bcaurepas, tlioro is a laughable and pathetic sketch of an overworked American. This gentleman, Mr. Buck, was sent to roam abroad by his physicians. "I didn't sleep," he said; " I didn't eat; I took no interest in my food. I couldn't hold a pen ; I couldn't sit still. I couldn't walk from my house to the cars, nnd it's only a littlo way. I lost my interest in business. ... I had been paying strict at tention to business for twenty -three years." " In nil that timo yon never hnd a holiday V" says the other person in the dialogue. " Sun days," tile overtasked ono replied. And what had Mr. Buck gained ? Why he "did a vory largo business, and was considerably interested in lumber." If Mr. Sponccr has found America peopled by a race of Bucks, ho is quito right to bid them tako tilings more easily. To say that all this commercial work is Mammon worship and begotten of avarice would bo far too severe. Mou get into grooves, aud cannot get out of them. One man dawdles, another toils — neither knows exactly why, neither has any very definite nim. The dawdler praises leisure; nnd, as lie is usually a University man, quotes the example of tho deliciousiy do- notliiug Greeks. Tlio other hoa3ts of his indus try which is but a bad habit/like tho other habit of drifting thrqngli life. The advantage is perhaps on the sido of the dawdler if we look to length of days, on tlio sido of tlio worker if we remember how many vacant and listless hours come to tlio unoccupied. Tlio ideal thing, of oourso, is to get plenty of work done and have plenty of time left for the enjoyment of nature, sport, society, literature — by which, of course, we mean novels. Mr. Spencer liim- solf may be taken as an example of the happy thinker. This is what all philosophers should wish to be. Ho has adopted tho plan of getting assistants — we do not say "ghosts," for there is 110 secret in the matter— to do tho rougli work. Tlioy prepare vast collections of facts, out of which Mr. Spencer spins his theories. Tlio objection to thi3 course Is that no mortal man can really read a hook except with his own eyes, and that no one can trust to the facts collected by auotiicr. Every one sees in a book what lie brings the eyc3 to see. Ono reader, for want of special knowledge, or special bent of thought, misses an essential fact. Another misses an essential qualifica tion. If genius is needed to co-ordinate and analyse facts, it is just as much needed to bring tho facts together. Aristotle made his own " sociological" tables and historical col lections of details about the working of bar barous' ond civilised communities. Much labor would ho spared, and much timo for re laxation won, if mon of letters could depend on collaboration, and on the hodman's work of others. But, though Mr. Spencer may fiud the system work in his hands, and though it has worked and does work very well in fiction, we doubt whether labor can well be Bpared in this wny by the scientilio historian. Mo3t men of letters, like people of every other pro fession, will find that thoy must do for them selves what they wish to ho done well. The only true way to avoid overwork is to moder- ato our ambitions. Many of us do with per fect success. Wo havo a " great work," of ono sort or another, planned in our minds, but we gradually find that to undertake it would overtax our strength. Wo do not at onco abandon tho idea ; but it remains a pleasant vision on tho mental horizon — an agreeable thing to reflect upon, distant hope. The am bition becomes harmless, but not useless. Noth ing is won for the human race, and no earthly gain comes to the dreamer. But his purpose has helped him through this short lifo, and that is all to the good, It is better (though a good deal less heroic) to fail in this way than to fail in tho other way — to break down under a labor that will uovor ho accomplished, and come to early death or premature dotage. It is wisdom to recognise the limits of our strength, to retire from business with a com fortable fortune rather than to como to grief in the quest of a million, to live and die un known, With no work done, but great works undone, rather than to break tho brain against an im possible endeavor. Tho weak side of this phi losophy is that it may lead to tho condition of tho twins in the Golden Butterjiy. But these followers of art novor did anything nt all ; we arc only arguing, like Mr. Spencer, against trying to do too much. Ambition, as wo have said, is not more tho causa of that failure than habit. When men are once in the groove of money -making, scribbling, pleading at the bar, they forgot that lifu exists as a whole, and should bo lived for its own sake. They mistake tho moans for the ond, and make work for themselves as diligently ns if they had to satisfy the fiend of Michael Scott. The greator magician of the samo clan was driven by cir cumstance, not by choice, into this error. Sir Waiter said, and with truth, that he was na turally a very indolent man. Yet no ono over did moro work, not even Southoy, and both enmo to tho samo end. Wo have sucii crowds of examples of overwork in England that it is hard to believo tho Amoricans can bo much wor3o than oursalvos. Mr. Spencer says the mon grow groy ton yoaro earlier than in Eng land. Mr. O. W. Holmes has written a ploa- sant poem on tho "grey- haired boys," hut wo had not gucssod that tho boys were prema turely grey. If Mr. Spencer can support his assertions (ns no doubt ho can) by statis tics, wo may suppose that somothing lu tlio climate makes Americans " coony " before thoir day. Tlioir women are somo- titnes said, whethor truly or not, to ago earlier than tlio British fair. But, to bo sure, their women also work very hard at amusing tliom- boIvcj. Evon in Grccco (whoro no free man did anything but enjoy himself) Pindar says that many grow groy almost iu youth. "So also on young men grow oftontimes groy hairs oven boforo the natural soason of inan'B life." (Olymp. iv.) Tho speech is put in the month of an nthlcto addressing Hypsipylo immediately after I10 hnd won tho foot raco in bronzo armor. So liero iB classical comfort for young Americans who, like the Laborious Sholley, are "youths with hoary linir." With such, Mr. Speucor says, " relaxation becomes a physical impossibility." Yet pokor, yachting, hunting, camping out, base ball, and limitless flirtation are recognised American institutions, " though perhaps a little gay." In these, surely, there is relaxation onough. Wo cannot share Mr. Spencer's gloomy dread that tho Americans, the people of Hanlnn and Myers, may become dcgoncrato by reason of overwork nnd its offsets on tho offspring of tho toilsome. Indeed, hut a few clays since, Mr. Spencer took a much more roBy view. He foresaw tho time wlion tlio Celtic, Toutonic and other Aryan oloments of tho American nation would ha fused into a magnificent and previously unparalleled race, capable of living up to Bopublican institu tions, Tho evidence, on the whole, scorns in favor of u future stock of highly cultivated giants, all as Btrong as Mr, Bonnor, ' flflf swift as Mr. Meyers, and as gifted qs Gifted Hopkins. These will occupy the continent ; nor will New Yorkers degener ate intoFuegians, dressed only iu clam-shellfl, and eating only oysters without peppor or vinegar. That would bo tho result of over work, if carried far enough ; but wo look for nothing of the sort. There is such a tiling as being too careful ; of intellectually molly coddling oneself, if tho oxpression may ha permitted. Tho New York poet must not he daunted by Mr. Spencer. Do not lot him retire to the woods, or to bod for months; after contributing a sonnet to the Century. Tile hard workers of tho continent have worn well. Mr. Holmes, Mr. Longfellow, Mr. Whittier, Mr. Bryant, Mr. Emerson, ara examples of patriarchal toilers, Mr, Lowell has not overtaxed his intolieet ; nnd, generally speaking, American men of letters "havo livod out all tho length of all their days," OS seemina fair way to do so. But Mr. Ilowolls must. bo vory cautious, and so must Mr. Warner. Tlio sword (when it is as brilliant and keen as their battle-blades) wears out tho jiorishablo sheath ; and writers who have sup planted Dickens and Thackeray must bewara of the excessive toil which appears to have shortened tlio days of the author of Pickwick. We cannot spare his American successors; in whoso hands fiction lias become a finer nrt, and who have taught us to find the played- out masters of our youth no longer endurable. Ab to the statistics of work among Americano interested in lumber wo havo no information. But we must still regard Mr. Buck as tho ex ception rather than the rule, oven iu Wall- street. Indeed, if American city men ara working themselves iuto idiocy, no traces of i6 are yet observable in their management of railway and other stocks. Tho Caucasian of the West is not yet played out, nor is his bag of tricks exhausted. 