THE ELECTIONS Latest Items. WABWICK.-Mr, Banaome addresses the clcclora in Die Town Hall, Warwick, on Wed nesday, September 12.-It ia rumoured tliat F. O'Sullivati, the rejected of Stanley, will male a reconnoitring visit to Warwick to eee whether there ia a chance for a Bent here. We don't think lie hoe the ghost of a chance, nor would any other stranger againat a local man. DABI.INO DOWNS.-No one has yet ventured to oppoae Moaara. Miles and Kates, and we fancy none would hare a " show" against them. TJier hare got a good start, which ire hear they intend keeping to the end of the electioneer ing chapter. The feeling against the Minittry ia .o bitter that a Ministerialist would score very few votes indeed at this end of the electorate. TUB LATE ACBIONT ELEOTIOS.-'The charge of personation at the Aubigny election against Simpaon and Danks were partly hoard on Saturday, and the accused were further re manded till Tuesday. CABNABTON.-Mr. E. Thornc, one of the candidates for Carnarvon, addressed a large meeting at the temperance Hall on Saturday night, and spoke for an hour and a-hulf on various political topics. He was weli received and listened to attentively. A telegram aays, " From the general expression of opinion there is ? fair prospect of Mr. Thome being returned ill the liberal intereat."- Mr. Foiton, however, ia a gloat favourite, and if he goea to the poll, will take some beating. BCHNETT.-Mr. R. \V. Stuart addressed a crowded meeting at Nunango on Satur day evening. He was reccired with great en thusiasm, and carried hia audience with him uring liis speech, which lasted over an hour t is considered that Mr. .Stuart will secure all the Nanango rotes. ToWNSViLtiE.-Mr. Macroesan addressed a laige andience last night at the Town Hall, the mayor presiding; He spoke for nearly two hours, and answered many questions. The meeting was very orderly. BAIOKNE.-It is said that George Thorn will oppose Jacob Low for this electorate, and also that Morehead is casting anxious eyes that way. FASSIFERH.-Rumour has it that Midglcy will beat Haygarth by a iong way when the polling takes place. He is popular in all parts of the electorate. MITCHELL.-Macdouald-l'aterson left Rock bampton on Friday last for the western du« tricts, wheie strong committees are being formed to secure bis return for the Mitchell. GYMPIK.-Mr. Smyth's return for Gjrmpie is Considered certain. Another victory, if so, for the Oppositionists. 