AM ARTIST'S GHOST STORY, XUE STUAU'lS . EXPEUIBHOli PI' IgOMAS ilEAl'.IV,' . : 1 rim EOKDOn iOADEMipUH. ' Akddseb of yenrs ogo tlioro appoaved in All' the Year fiound, then conducted l>y Clinrlcs Pickens, A paper entitled 'IFoiir Storios." One of (liom purported to bo tho snpornatnral oxporlenco- of "nno' Mr. H„ an artist. " .' Shortly , attor its op- posranco'Piclmna received' a, nolo fcom Thomao Ilcaphy, It.A., In whloU ho good-humoredly stated that he was the " Mr; If," and that the expo- rienco naelds, bat tbat hodld.nnt understand how it had got into print. . Ho alsb forwarded a co: -' rcetod version. - In his reply Dickens wrote : Gen's Hiu.Puob, Hioiiair- nT.xujcnr.sTEn, Krnt, Sunday, September 15, 1801. . Dnan Sib': Allow, me to express to you tlio sincere regret I feel that Tour mast remarkable story (which I havo read with great Interest) shonld hare been lnnocontly forestalled in the pages of my journal. At.tlio aamo time I mnst add that yonr ona' version of tho experience is so very curious; and so much' more striking than tlio account sent to mo. that I shall bo liappy to pub lish It In All the Vear JIonntt, it you should frel- disposed to entrust It to me for that purpose. I recolved tho story published in that journal first among tho "Four.Ghost Stories" from a gentle man of a distinguished position, both literary and social, .who, I do not doubt,' is well known to you by reputation. Ho did hot sond it to mo as Ids own, bnt as tho work of s young writer in whom ho fccla an Interest, nnd Who: previously contri buted (all through him) another ghdst story. I wiR immediately lot him know what corrcspon denco'I have had with you; and you ahail bo mado acquainted with tho nature of his reply. " Faithfully yours, _ CiunEEB Dickers. I obscrvo in yonr narratiro that you men tioned tho yonng lady's eating tho beef and drink ing -tho claret. Do you remomber whother' tbo joint 'wan placed on tho tablo or', carved on tho side-board ?-nnd whother yen seemed to 'sbo tlio figure served "aa tho three mortals wore, or reamed to.find.it already carved without- noticing tbo progress There has jnst appeared in London a littlo pamphlet containing tho true version of this strenras story, written by Mr. Hoaphy himself. .Hodicdnotlongago, and the pamphlet is issued, by Ills -wifo.- It is .publishod 'by Griffith and, aaitan, and makos a brechnre of elghty-sovon pagyjs. Tha narrativo Is appended!— En. . I am a palntor. Ono morning In May, 1850, I was seated in my studio at my usual occupation. (A paragraph or two is omitted, as only intro ducing, a lady and. gentleman— Mr. and- Mrs. Klrkbcek. . . , My now visitors wero strangers to mo. They had soon a portrait I had palntod, and wished for likenesses of thomsolres and their children. Tho price I named did riot deter them, and they asked to look around tho studio to select tho stylo and size they shonld prefer. The inspection proving satisfactory, thoy aiked whether I could paint the pictures at their house, in tbo country, and there bolng no difficulty on this point, an engagement was mado for the following aatnmn. sahjccfe to my writing, to fix the time when I might be nblo to lcavb town for tbo purpose. This being adjusted, tbo gentleman gaTe me his card and thoy lctt. Shortly afterward, on looking at tho canl left by tbo strangers, I was somouhat disappointed to find that though it contained tho names of Mr. and Mrs. Kirkboak, thore was no address. I tried -to find it by looking nt the ".Court Guido," bnt It contained no each name ; so X pat the card In my writing-desk, and forgot for, a timo tbo entire transaction. Autumn camo, and with it a scries of cngsga meats I hud made In tlio North of England. To ward tho' end of Soptembcr, 1853, 1 was one of a dinner-party at a country housa at the confines of Yoskshira and Lincolnshire. The party was a numerous one, and as tho'mesl spprosched Us termination, and was about to suhsfdo into tho dessert, . tho conrcrsation becamo general.. I shonld bars mention that my hearing la defective, at some times more so than at others, and on this particular evening I was extra deaf— so much so that th'o'conrorsation.only.'reacliod mo in the form of a 'continued' din.. At ono instant, hbwe'ror, I heard a word distinctly -pronounced, though it was uttcxed by, a person at a. considerable diataneo. from mo, mid that word waa " -Kirkbeck." '. In 'the: lUBincBS ot tho London scasonT had forgotten all about tha, visitors ot the spring whs had left thoir card wlthout.tlio address. : The word reaching mo nndor such circumstances arrested my nttonllort.ond inimediatoly.rocalled tho transaction to.my ramom-, branco.. Oh'tbo first opportunity .that -ofiorcd: I aakod a person whom' I was conversing with if a; 'family OI tho n'amo in qaostion ,wns rcslaoht'in tho neiehWimod. I was told, 'in reply, tliot a Mr. Kirkbeck lived nt A— at tho farther ond of tho eounty. The next morningI .wroto .to tills per son, naying that I believed hd called ht my studio in tho spring, and had mado an arrangement with mo, which I was prevented from 1 ulfilung by thcro being no address on hia card ;'furtherr.ioro, that I sbotud shortlv ,bo ia his licluhborhood. on mv re- tarn from tiro north, bnt should I bo mistaken in addressing him, I bogged he would not tioahlc himself to reply to my note; I gave aa my address, The Post- office, York. On applying thcro, tilrco. days afterwards; 1 rccoivod ft- noto from Mr. Kirk beck, stating that bo was very glad he had board from me, and that, if I would:caU on my.rotnrn ho would arrango'abont tho plctiuee ; ho jilso told mo to write a day before I propoBod coming, that ho might not othcrwiso ongngo Uiiusolf , It waa ulti mately 'arranged : that T ehould. go to Ids houso tho succeeding Saturday," and" s'ta till, Monday morning ; transact attorwajfd'wliat matters I had 'to attend to in.London, and-rcturn in a fortnight to execute tho commissions, - 1 /.Tho day having arrived for my vlsit, directly after hrcaixfast I; took.-my.-placo in the- morning tr (tin from York to, London; Tlio train wotild' stop nt Doncnster, and: after ; thatunt-Rotford Junction, where I should havo .toigot- ont In order to toko the. /lino, through. Lincoln .to A- — ' 'Tho,,day','wna cold, .wet,1 foggy, and orery way as 'dlsagrooablo 'aS.I .havB, ovor known 'a ; day', to bo- in' on English. October!'- Tho .cob, riage in whiehl was' oca tod ljud no other occu pant than myself; but nt'Doneaster a' lady got in. My placo was back to tha engine and next to ' tho door. ,As. that' is considered' tho ladles': nbat; I offered it. to hor; uho; however, every graciously do- clincd it and took tlio corner, opposite,- Buying, In a very; ngrheablo voice, ttiat . sho likcrl to foci tho ; broeso on her chebk. The next f mr, minutes; , wore occupied in locatlug herself. There was tho cloak t.0 bo spread under her, tho skirts of the dress to bo arranged, the glovo's. tb bo tlghtoiicd, and Buoli other trifling arrangements of plumage as ladies are wont to mako before uottliilg themsclvca rem- fortably at cbnrch or olsowboro,- tbo last and most important bolng Urn plating buck ' over her hut- tlio voul that concealed hor features. . ,T could them sco that tho lady was young, certainly hot more than tyro or three ar.'d , twenty -but lining, modorntoly. -.tall, ratlicir rohust' In. mako! land! degided in ox-, pressloni'slio might haYo'hoeu tiro or throp years ybxmger. I suppaso that her remplccdon wbmdho tbrmcd a modinm ono; her hair holng'of a hrigllt brown or.anbnrn, whilo her oyes nnd rather' deci dedly marked oyobrows. wero iiearly black. " Tlio color of her cheeks was that polo transparent huo that sets off , to suob advantage large, oxprcssiro eyes au cqnablo, firm expression of nioutli. On tho wholo, tho onsomhlo Was rather handeoma than . luvfltiflfnl. lirit flYnrpqfllrtn .linvintr tlmf. nrrc/vnAfitn JcptU and hatmony about it thatrcndorodlior faco and foatnroa, though not aWctlv regular, Infinitely inoro attractirothan jf thoy had bean ihodollcd up bn tho atriotcst rules of aymmotry.- '' It is no: flmall advantago, on a Trot day'anda long . jonrnoy, to havo' an agrcoablq com panlon;. ono who cAn conrcrto and hoso con vcrsation has sufficient anbstanco in (it to mako ono 'forgot tha length and tho dreariness of tho jonpwy.. In this respect I had no deficiency to complain of, tho lady being decidedly and , agree ably convcrontional. . When sho hadreUlcd hcrcelf to her flatlefnctlnn, elio naked to bo nllor. ed to look, nt ray- lhadshaw, nhd iiot being n proficient in .that difficult work, bho 'requested my nld hi nscor tblning at what time tho train passed through Hot ford on its vray back from Lohdon to York, 'Tho converBatlon;1 ttimcd afterwards on -general topics, and, somewhat to my surprise, sho led it into oucli particular, subjects as I; might bo sapposed'tobo more cspcclaUy famuLirSrlUi: Indeed, l could not avoid remarking that hcr entlro manner, whilo it was anything but": forward, ww'that; of oao who, had.'oUher laio'wn mo. personally or by. report.' Thcro waa In hci' manner a kind of confidential re; lianco when'sho Ustoncd'to mo tliat ia.hot' usually accorded to a stranger, and sometimes sho actually Dpcmcd to -rclor do .difforont circumstanced; ' with which I had been connected in times past.'- Aftor nboat thrco-quortors of an; hour's convcrc\tlon, tho train arrived at Retford, where I. was to change carrlbgca. On mr alighting and wisldng her godd. morning, eho, mauo a slight mprcment of tho hand, a? if sho meant rao to ehako it, and on my doing so sho eaid, by way of adieu: .'.'I dare cay wo chall moot ngriin;" to wldchil replied:,"! hopb \70 shall all xncot e.gab,'' and so parted, bIiq going on tho lino toward London and I through Lincoln shirQ ;to A-r-1— .-- Tho remainder of tuo 'Jonrnoy woo cold, Wot, and dreary.. ! missed tho ogrceablo cohrfcrsailbn, and tried to supply its' placo with n book I had brought With mo from Ycrlc, and tho 'J'imq3 howapttpcr, -which I had procured at llet' ford. ' But tho tftost Usffgrce&blo; journoy comes to an end at last, and half-past fire la the evening foundme Attho terminatlonof mine. Aeairlagowns waiting for' rao at tbo station/where Mr. Klrkboelc was also expected by tho samo train, but as ho did not appo&r; it was concluded ho wonld como by tho next--half an hour later ; accordingly tho carriage droro away with myself only. Tho family being from homo at tho moment, and tho dinner hour being soron,! went at oneo to my room to unpack and to dress. Having com pletcd these operations,;! descended to tho draw Ing-room. It probably wanted some timo to tho dinner hour, as tho lamps woro not lighted, but in their placo a largo blazing firb throw a flood of light fnto every corner of tho rooin, and mora cipoclally orcr a lady who; dressed In deep black, was standing by tho chlmnoyplAeo wanning a very handsomo root on tho edgo of tho fendor. Hor fnco being turned away from tho door by which I had entered, I did not at first boo her features. On my advancing into tho mlddlo of tho room, however, tho foot was immediately withdrawn, And sho turned round to aceoit mo, when, to my pro found astonishment, X perceived that it was nono other than my companion In tho railway carriage. Sho betrayed no aurnrlso at 'acolng mo. Ontno contrary, with ono of thoso agrccaols, joyous ox prouiona that makos tho plainest woman appear beautiful, sho accosted mo with: 11 1 Mia wo should moot again." Jly bowildormont at that moment almost de privod mo of utterance. I know of no railway or other moans by which sho could havo come. I had certainly loft her in a London train, and had seep it start, and tho only conceivable way In which sho could havo ecmo was by going to Peter borough, and then returning by a oranch to A- a circuit of about ninoty mllos. Aa soon as my surprise cnablod mo to speak, I said that I wished that I had come by the samo conveyance as herself. "That would havo been rather difficult," sho rejoined. At this moment tbo servant oamo with tho lamps, And Informed mo that his master had just arrived, and wonld bo down in a few minutes. \- Tho lady took - up a book containing oomo engravings, and having slnglod ono oat (a portrait of Lady A——), asked 'me'to look at it well, and toll her whether I thought it liko her. I was engaged trying to get np an opinion when Sir. and Mrs. Klrkoeck entered, and, shaking mo hoartilj by tho hand, apologizod for not being at homo toroceiromo; tho gentleman ended by re questing mo to tako Mrs. Kirkbeck in to dinner. The lady of tho houso having taken my arm, wo marched on. I certainly hesitated a moment to allow Mr. Atrkoeck to p&Ai; on first with the mysterious lady in blaok, but Mrs. Kirkbeck not seeming .to understand it, wa passed on at ones. The dinner party consisting of ns four only, wo fell into our rcsncctiro places'at tho tablo without difficulty, tho mistress and master of tho houso at tho ton and bottom, tho lady ia black and myself on each oldo. Tho dinner passed much at is nsuai on such occasions. X having to play tho guest, diteetcd my conrcrsation principally, if not exelu flivelr, to my host and hostess, ana I can not call to mind that I or any ono elao oneo addressed tho lady opposite. Seeing .this, and remembering something that looked like a slight want of atten tion to hor on coming into the dining-room, I at oneo concluded that eho was tho governess.' X observed, however, that aho mado an excellent dinner; sho sccmod to- appreciate both tho beef and tho tart, as well as a class ot claret afterward ; probably sho had had no luncheon, or .tho journey had glvon her ah appotite. Tho dinner ended, tbo ladlos retired, and after tbo usual port Mr. Kirkbeck and I joined them in thtf drawing-room. By this timo, however, amnch larger party had assembled. Brothers and sisters in-law had como in from thoir residences in tho neighborhood, and . eoveral children, with Miss Hardwick, thole gororacss, wore also introduced tb mo.1 ! saw at onoo that my supposition as to tho lady in black' being'thb governess w&s; Incorrect. After passing . tho. timo necessarily occupied1 in complunonting tho children,' and saying'something to tho different persons to wholn I waslhtroduced, I found myself again in conversation with tho lady of tho railway carriage, ond ns tbo topic of tho OToning.had.referred principally to portraif-point tag, sho continued tho subjoet : . /Do yoa thinkyoa could paint my. portrait ? " tho lady inquired. \- VYoo, T. think I could, , if I had tho oppor tunity."' : ! ; . V Now, look at my faco vfell : do you think you 'eonld recollect my features ?" ' " Yes, X.am sura l should novor forget yonr fea tures'." " Of courso. I mlcht havo bxncctod vou to sav that; but do you think you could do mo from 'recoHoction?" ..., " W?p, if it bo necessary, X will, try ; but can't you givo mo any sittings?" .1'. " No, quite impossiblo ; it, could not bo. Xt is said that tha print I showed, to you beforo , dinner telikomo;'doybuthink8o?" y ."Not much, I replied; fit has not your ex pression. If you can giro mo only ono sitting, it . would ho hotter than nono." ' 7 . . . . . , "No;,X don't seohowit could bo." ' > ' ' . Tho evening bcing bythis timo protty far "ad vanced, and tho chamber candies being brought in, ou tbo plea of being rather tired, sho shook mo heartily by tho hand and wished, mo goodnlght.; My mysterious acquaintance caused rao. no 'small . pondering during tho night. I had novor boon in troduced to her; I had not' scon hor speak to' any' ono' during tho entire ovoning— not ovsn to wish v them gooa&ieht.;\ How sho got across tho country was au inexplicable mystery. Then why did sho. wish mo to paiut her from memory, and why could sho not givo mo ovonono sitting? 'ffindbg tho difficulties of tho solution of theso questions rather increased upon mo, I mado up my mind -to defer turthef conslderation of them tUf.brcakfasMimo, whonl supposed, tho matter, would rccolvb eqmo elucidation. ' - -N-1 Thobrcalcfast now 'canio, hat with it ho' liidy in blaclr. ;,-:Tha. breakfast ovof, wo wont to' church, ; camo homo to lanchobn, and so -on thnough tho day, but, still po lady,: neither any reforenco to her. I then, concluded that she must; bo soma relatlvo who had gohb away early in tho morning to vislt another member of tho family living ploso by. : I was much p'uzzlod, howpver; by no rcleronco whatever being mado to hor, and flnmhg nooppor 'tuiiity' of leading any1 pHrt of, my conversation with tho.family toward' taq sabjoctj I ipcnt t6. bod tho socond night mbrb pazzlo'd than ever.' Oh tho' 'sorvant coming-in in' tho morning I vontufed to ask nlm tho namo of tho lady; who dinod at tho tablo on Saturday . ovoning, to whioh ho an Bwcrcd ... v 41 A lady, sir ?. No lady— only Mrs. Klrhbock, : sir."- . t . 14 Yes, tho lady who sat opposite ino, drossod in' black?" : 1 >-i ; -./; v 44 Perhaps Miss Hardwick; tho, governess, sir?" . ,'4 No, not Miss Hardwick ; sho camo'down aftor ..ward."-'- /> ' j '' t 44 No lady nsl sco, sir1.''' ' Tnn. cflff I r Intlv In 1 who was in tho drawing-robm whon I arrived, bo- ' foro Mr. Kirkbock camo homo?".'- ;- . Th6manlookcd;at mo with imrpriso, as if ho doubted my canity, . and only answered : ' X novor sco any lady, sir,' and then loft. . , , , . Tho mystery now appeared more impenetrable than ever. T thought, it over In ovcrypossiblo as-. Sect, but could como .to no conclusion upon it. rcaltfaat waa cnrly that morning, in order to allow of my catching tlte morning train to Lon don. Tho came causo also eliglitly, iuuTied ua, and allowed no timo for conversation boyond tlmt having direct , reforenco to tho Iu3iucs3 ,« that brought me thcro ; 00, after arranging to return to paint tho portraits 011 that day tlirce wcoks, I mado my adieus and.took my departure for toVrn, , ' It is only ncccseary for, rao to refer tp my second visit. to tho. houso iu ordor to state'tlrat I was assured moat poaHivbly, batl by 'Mr. and Mro < Kirkbdclc, that no fourth person uinod at tho tablo on the.' Saturday ovcnlng ui nucationl"as thoy had debated whother they shonla ask Miss Hardwick, tho governess, to' tako tho Yacant;8cat, ' but luid decided not to dp so ; noithor could they recall. to mind any such person as I described In tho whola' clrcloof their acquaintances. . ? > Somo weeks ipasscd. It was close upon Chriat- mns; Tlio light of a short winder day was draw ing to d clocp, nndl was seated at my tablo writing lottero for tho ovoning post. , My back was towards tlio folding doors leading Into tlio room in wliich my .visitors , usually waited. I had boon engaged como minutes id writing, when, without hearing or' cecing anything, Ibocainoawaro that a person had como through tho -folding-doors, mid was then utabdiug beside mo. I turned, and beheld the lady of the railway carrl&go.; . I aupposd that my nranncr indicated tliatl waa somewhat 'startled, mi tho lady, nflor tho usual .saiutatlow,. said:.' 44 Pardon ino for disturbing yon. ;. You . did not hoar mo como in." : . ' Her manner, though it waii woro. quiet and tub-, dticd tliau I had known It beforo. waa hardly to bo' termed grave, much less sorrowful, There was a chnngs, but it waa that kind ot 'change only which \- may often bo observed from the frank Impulsive ness of an intelligent yottng lady ta the composure and self-possession of that samo .young lady whan sho is either betrothed or has recently becomo a matron. Sho asked pais whether ! had mado any attempt at a likeness of- her. I was obliged to confess that I had not. Sho regretted it much, as she wished ono for her fathor. She had brought an engraving (a portrait of Lady H. A.) with ner that sho thought would assist me. It wns liko tbo one sho had asked my opinion txpon in the: houte in Lhtcolnshlro. It had always boon considered ray liko her, and sho would leave it with me. Then (putting her hand impressively on my. arm) sho addod sho "really wonld bo most thankful and grateful to mo if I would do It." And, if I recolloct rightly, sho' ndtlod : "as much depended on It." Seeing sho was so much in ' earnest, I took up mr sketch-book,- and, by tho dim light that was still remaining, began to a rapid pencil-sketch of her. On observing my doing so, however, instead of riving me what assistance sho was able, sho turned away, under ' tho prctenco of looking at tho pictures around the room, occas ionally passing from ono to anothor, so as to enablo mo to catch a momentary gllmp&o; ot her features. In this manner X mado two harried bnt rather oxpresslvo sketches of her, whlcli, bring all that tho declining light would .allow, mo to cTo, I shut my book and sho prepared to lcaro. This time, instead of tho usual " Good morning," sho wished mo an impreasiroly pronounced 4.Good- bye,", firmly holding, rather than sholdng, my hand whflo sho said it. X accompanied her to tho door, outsido of which sho seemed rather to fado into tho darkness than to pass through it. But X referred this impression to my own faucy. : . X immediately Inquired of tho servant why sho had not announced the visiter to mo. Sho stated that she was not aware there hod been one, and that any ono who had entered must horo done so when sho had left tho street-door open, about half an hour previously, whUo sho went across tho road for a moment. Soon after this occurred I bad to fulfil an on- gagemont at a house near Bosworth Field, in Itri- ccstershiro. I left town on a Friday, having sent sorao pictures that were too largo to take with mo fay the luggage- train a week previously, in order that thoy might be at tho house on my airiroU and oeeaslon mo no loss of time in waiting for them. On gatting to the house, however, X found that thoy had not boon heard of, and, on' inquiring at the station, it was stated that a caso similar -to tho ono I described had passed through and gono on to Xiclceiter, whtro it probably still was. It Jbeing Friday, and past tho hear of the post, there was no possibility of getting a tetter to Leicester beforo Monday . morning, as tho luggsgo office would bo closed there on Sunday ; consequently X could in no ease expeet tho arrival of tho pictures before tho succeeding Tuesday or Wednesday. The loss of three days would bo a serious one; there fore, to avoid it, X suggested to my host that I should leava immediately to transact somo busi ness In 8ouih Staffordshire, as X should bo obliged to attend to it before my return to town ; and u 1 could sco about it In tbo vacant interval thus thrown upon my hands, it would bo saving mo tho oamo amount oi time after my Ylsit to his houso was concluded. This arrangement meeting with bis ready assent, I hastened to tho Atberatono station on tho Trent Valley Railway. By reference to Bradshaw I found that my roato lay through Lichfield, where X was to change carriages to 8 , in Staffordshire. X was jnst in timo for .tho train that would put mo down nt' Lichfield at right o'clook in tho ovoning, and a train was. an- nouncod to start from Liehflield for 8 at ton minutes past eight o'clock, answering, as I con cluded, to tho train In which I was about to travel. X therefore saw no reason to doubt that I shonld gttto my journey's end tho same night ; bat. on' my arriving at Lichfield T found my plans en thttly frustrated. .Tho train arrived punctually, and X got out, Intending to wait ' on tho platform for tho krriral of ;tho carriages for the other . lino. I found, however, 'though tho two lifies tossed at Lichfield, thoy did. not. communicate with each other, tho Llohfield station on tho. Trent Valloy lino bring on ono side of. tbo town nod tho. Lich field 'station 'on the South Staffordshiro'line/oh the other. Ioteofoondthfit there was .not timo. 'to' got to the other station bo as. to cateh the train' tho somov evening; indeod, tho train' had just that moment phased, on a lower level beneath zdy feoV.andtto get to. the other sldo of tho town, where it would stop for tiro minutes only, was out- of tho question." .There was, therefore, nothing for it but to put up at tho. Swan Hotel for . tho night. X havo an ospecial disllko to passing an ovoninff &t; an hotel In' a eonntrv' fomi ' Tllnnnr at such places I never- take, as'X had rather, go without' than havo such as I rim likely to. got. Books ore never to-be had'; tho country news papers . do . not interest mo; ' Tho Times I; havo spoiled through on my journoy. Tho" sooioty I am likely to.mcet havo fow ideas in common with my.' self. Under such circumstances, I usually resort to a meat tea to whilo away , tho timo, .aua when that is over occupy mysislf In writing. . This was tho first timo X had boon in Lichfield, and whilo waiting for tho tea It occurred to mo how, on tiro occasions within tho past 'six months,, lhad been on tho point of conung:to that very placo, at ono timo to 'exocuto a small commission for. an old acquaintance,, roiidcrit1 thore, apd .another to got the materials for a picture I pro-' poseclpamUngof an incident in thocarlylifo of Doctor Johnson, :I should havo como on oach of thoso occasions had hot' other arrangements di- vorted my purposo and cau3od:.mo,to postpono.tho journey indefinitely. Tho thought, ' however, wbnld occur to mo : 44 How strango ! Hero I am , at Lichfield, by no intention of my own, though I( havo twico tried to get: here' auu been, balked." Whon I had dono tea, I thonght X might ; as wbll write to on acqnalntanco X had known somo years 1 previously, and who lived in tho Cathedral-dose, asking him to ' come < and pass an lioor or two wltli mo. Accordingly I rang for . tho; waitress, and asked: ... , . . ' 14 Does Mr. Luto livo in Lichfield?" . ' ; ' ,"Ycs,'sir."' ', J. "dathodral-clbsQ?" 44 Yes; sir." . ' \- 41 Can X send a xioto to him ' \- 44 Yes, sir." - . - » ' -" . : I wrote tho noto, saying wkero I wa?» and asking if ho woulfl come for an. hour or. two and talk over- old matters. . .Tho notqwss taken ; in about twenty minutes a pcraon ogentlemahly.appeardnco, hnd' vliat might, bo termed advanced' mmdlo ago, out torod tho room wltl/my noto, in -his. hand, saying that I had sent him a letter, ho presumed by mis- takoi aaW'didot know "my namo. .Seeing tor stontiy that ho was not tho 'person X intended to write to, X apologised, and asked whether there. was not another Mr. Luto.Hring inXlehfield. . - 4,No,thcrowasnone.otheri"-v-;-'/ V 41 Certainly," I rejoined,' 44 my friend mnst havo .girofa mo his right address, for X had written him. on "other occasions hero; Ho was a' fair young man ; ho succeeded to an estate in consequonoo of bin nnelo linrino been killed wliilo Trantmw 'with tlio Quorn hounds, and ho. married' abcuat two' yoara'siQcoa lady oI'thonamoof Fairbairn." ' Tho stronger very composedly replied :' 1 ' : "Yoaareracaking of Mr. Olyno; U<3 did Kvoin tho Oathodrebcloso,toit ho has now gono away.44 ; Tho stranger was right, nnd in my eurpnso I exclaimed: ..- . -.- 41 Oh, dear! to ho saro that is tho liamo; what could havo mado" mo nddrc33 you instead? X I really beg yonr pardon ; roy i7nting to you and unconsciously guessing your unrao ia ono of tho most oxtrnordmary anu unaccountnblo things I' overdid. Fray pardon nio." Ho continued very quietly : 44 There i3 no need of apology; it happons that .you are tho vcryi person! moat wish to .see., - Yon are a painter, and I want you to paint a portrait of my daughter/, .Can you como to myhouso im mediately for tin) purposo . I was 'rather surprisod at finding myself known by liim, and tho turn matters liad; taken was bo! entirely unoxpoctcd I did npt &t; tho moment feel inclliiod to undertako the business'; !, therefore! oxplaincdhow I was Bltuatod, stating that :1 had' only tha next day and Monday at piy disposal. Ho, howovcr, pressed ,mo so earnestly thAt -X nrmpged to .do what I could for him. Imthore two, days ; and having put up my baggogo and arranged, other matters, X accompanied, liim to his faauso. During tlio'walk homo 110 scarcely spoko a word, but hts taciturnity eeoracdouly a continur.ncoof Uia quiot composure at tho Inn. On our/arrival, ho introduced mo to hio daughter Maria, and then left tho room. Maria Iuto was a fair and decidedly, handsomo girl of about fiJtccn ; licr manner was, howovcr, in ndvahco 6f licr" years, and ovinccd that EClf-poancseloni and, in tho favorable cenre of tho term, that womanliness, that is only seen at each an. early ago in girls who IiaYo.Jboon left mother-, less, or from other causes thrown much .on .their own wsourcos/ / , '.. . , : /; 8ho! had evidently " riot been . informed of .tho pqrposo 0! my. coming,. and only know.that.I was to stay thbra for tho night ; sho therefore excused herself for a few moments, that sho jqlgbtgivo tho requisite directions to thb;serTnnts>s to preparing my room. When sho returned, sho told mo that I should not soo ber fathor apain that evening, tho state of his health having obliged him to retire for. , . tho night ; but sho hoped X should bo ablo to . sod him some time on the morrow. In tho meantime, she honed X. would make myself quite at homo, and oall for anything X wonted. 8ho herself was ,< sitting in the drawing-room, bnt perhaps I should liko to smoke end tako something; if so, thero. , - was a fire .In tho housekeeper's room and sho' would oomo and sit with ino, ns sho expected , tho ; medical attendant every minute, aud he would probably stay to smoko and tako somotbing. As tho littfo lady eocmed to rocommond this courso, I readily complied. I did not smoko or tako any thing, but sat down by tho fire, whon sho immo- diately joined mo. 8ho conversed well and readily, and witii a command of binguago singular in a. ! / person- so youflg. Without being disagreeably in- 3uisitlvo or putting any question to.mo, sho seemed V eslrous of learning tho buslnoss that had brought ' /' mo to tho houso. X told hor that » hor fathor; . - wished mo to print either hor portrait, or tlmt of. , a sister of bora, if sho hod ono. Bho romainod silent and thoughtful . (of & moment, and thai' sccmod to comprehend it at .. onoo. Sho told mo that a slater of iicrs, an only -' v ono, to whom her fathor was dtvotcdly attached, died near four months prorionsly ; that her fathor w had never yot recovered from tho shock of hor ., death. Ho had often expressed tlio most earabst .. wish for a portrait of hor ; indeed, it WasliiS oho' thought, nnd sho hoped, if something of tho kind could bo dono, it would iinprovo liis health. Horo ' sho hesitated, stammered, and burst into tcrars. / . After a wlulo sho continued : 44 It is no use hiding from you what you must -very soon bo aware of. . , Papa is insano— ho has boon so ever sinco dcor . Carolines was buried. Ho says ho is always shoing dear Caroline, aud hd is- subject to feanul'dria- ' slons. The doctor says ho cannot toll how much. . worso ho may bo, and that everything dangerous, . liko kniTCs or razors, is to bo kept out of his reach? - It was neqessary you should not eca him again tins ' evening, as ho was unoblo to cdnvcrso properly, and I fear tho samo may ho tho caso to-morrow; but perhaps you can stay ovor Sunday! and! may . bo ablo to assist yott to doing whaVho wiahrs."' I asked whether thoy hod any materials for' making a likeness— a 'photograph, a sketch, or' v . anything elso for: mo to go . from. 41 No, thoy " lina nothing." 44 Could sho doseribo her clearly ? . She thought sho csald, and thoro was a print that was vorymuch likelier, but she hadmislria it. I man- tioncd that with saeh dlsadvanteffos. and in such : an absence of materials, I did not anticipate a err satisfactory result. I had painted portraits unacr such circumstances, but their sueccss much- depended upon tho powon of description of tho ' penons who were to assist mo by thrir rceoUcction ; in somo instances I had attained a certain amount ' of sueccss; bat -in most tho, result was. quite a failure. Tho medical attendant camo bat T did not sco him.' I learned, hoWovar, that ho ordered a strict watch to bo kopt on his patient till ho camo again tho next morning. Soring tho state of things, anil bow much tlio littlo lrfdy had to attend to, X retired early to bod. Tho noxt morn ing X heard that her father was docidedly hotter ; . - ho had inquired earnestly, on waking; whether I wan re all j in tho houso, and at breakfast- timo ho . . soiitdown to say thatTio hoped nothing wonld prevent my taaking an attempt at tho portrait im mediately, and ho cxpocted to bo ablo to boo mo to. - tho courso of tho day. | ' ' s ' Directly after breakfast X sot to work, aidod 1 by. such 'description as tho sister could givo mo. I tried again and again, hat irithont. success, or, indood, tho least prospect of It, Tho features," I was told, woro separately liko, but tho expression worf not. I tolled on tho greater part of tho day,; with no better result. .Tho different /studios.! ' mado vrcro taltcn up to tho invalid, bnt .tho somo .answer was riways rotunlod— no roicmblance. X had oxertod inyseU to tho utmost, i and, in fect, ' : was not n> littlo fatigued, by so doing— a cirenm- . stanco that this little lady 6vxd«jntly noticod,. as , sho expressed horsolf mosffgratefid- for tho interest. ' ' .sho could seeLtook in tho miittor, and; friertcd : tho unsuccossfiil- rcflulfe ontiroly to lr want of .-' .powers of dosariptlon. .'She also said it was bo1/'''/ provoking 1 / Sho hadaprint- Zaportraifc of a.lady/-- that was»so liko— -but it had gono ; sho had missed \ .it ; from her. book for throo weekij past. It -wa8;' -: tho moro'disappointing os sho was sure1 it -.wonld . havo boonof groat assistonco I asked if sho could v"'/; ' tell. mo who;the print was of — as, if, I know, X,-/./ > could oasUy prpoure 1 ono in London., ' 8ho> an- v v swercd, Laay.-M., A." /ImmodiAtely thb-namo : w/i was.uttored 'thq'wholp;Bcono" of tho lady oftho , '/ skoteh-bobk lh my portmanteau up-atalrs, and! by , a. fortunate 'chanco/ fixcd to'dt was too print to ' question, with tho two pbhcli sketches. I instantly/' ; brought them' down andhowad them- to Maria ' Lute. ; Sho lookod at them for, a moment, 'turned " her eyes full upon mo,: and said: slowly and with ': soxnothing .of foor. in hor manner : " Where, did " , 1 . you. got those ,,Thou quicker, .and without / writiog for. my .onswqr: VLet' mo tako :thom. v ipstantly to papa." Sho' was away ton minutes'or| ' ' . ' moro. whon sho returned her fatiier'camo with ' , her. 'Kp dld.nofc writ for salutations; bat said, to / . a tono and manner I-had.not obsoWodto him'ho-.4';- foro : 1 44 1 was right all tho timo ;' it was you I saw vritb; her, ond-'thcfio skotohes aro .froni-'.'// her, and. ;froia .-no'ono , elso. v.I . valno - tliUin.'! ' moro' tlmn 'all my. posscasinns, voxcopt- this' dear - child," Tbo daughter also assured ma. that tho print'I had brought to tho liouso hrust bo'tho . ono takon from tho houso about throo weeks1 bo-./ foro, toproolof whichsho pointed out to tno thii; ' ;gummarks at thoback; which oxactiy corresponded - ; with thoM;lcft on-:tho blank leaf./.'From tho moment . tho father saw: thoso kotehos his - 1 - health returned;-- / '7. > " I Was not.aUowod.to'tbuch riUior of tho peacti. ; drawings in tho skctch-book,' as It ' was feared I.v ! might injuro them ; but' an oil picture from 'thoru- / Was commenced immediately, tho'fathbr. sitting by mo hour. after hour,; direotmg ray. touchos, eon- (versing rationally, and indood cheerfully, whilo ho (lid so. ' Horavoidcd' direct reforenco to fais do- " : : laslqn, bat from timo. .to timo led tho conversation/ lt ... / : to tho maiincr Inwhich X had originally, obtainod-'" : T- tho akotchps; : Tho idootor camo in tho, evening, "" " and - after extolling tho ! particular treatment ho;- / ' had 1 adopted; ! pronounced his patient- docidedly,-;' - and ho believed pcrmanchtly,1 improved. -'' " > : v ' Tho noxt day bbing. Sunday, . wd all went to/1' . church; :tho father, for. tho .first' timo slhca his bereavement. . During a walk which ho took .with 7 ; mo dftor luncUepu .nn again approached tho sub- ;» ject of tho skotchos, and after somo sebuung Htel-j ; tetion as to' whether ho should co'nfido to mo or'. \ ; ; .not, ho said; 44 Your writing to Biobynamo from:- : ,J; thotonatLlehficld.wfts'ono of thoso <inbxplicabl6>-/ ' >: circumstancca that Dsupposo lt'is ImposaiUoto ' cloar' up.; I know yon, however,' directly:! saw: 4 J'ou, ; yhen thoso about md considered my intclV"'. .- ; . ect was. disordered, and that X spoko incoherently, it was only becaitso I saw thingB tliat thoy dld not. Stood hor death I know,' with ai certainty1 that ' ' nAil«l(ll. Mill im AM fll.i4.BV' ili.i .i At ft '1 Ai. Y MUfruiug 11m u«(5A uutuiu, vjuim Uh UUipiUUb UmU3;Jk,. Irnyo boon to tho actual and viaibloprosonca of my daughter who is;gonc-roftc'ncr, todoed, just after , ' tor death than latteriy. Of tho many timco . that' / this has- occurred, i distihetiy -rcmcmlxw /oncct ; , s'eetog h'cr.in a raUway- carriage', epcoldng- to.a j . -- pcreou silting -opposite; who that pertion was:I could not ascertain,' as my poeition : seemtd to bo'/-, immediately behind him. I next cavf lier ht n dinoor-tablo. with otliern, and among thoco'othcro, , unquestionably,! I saw yourself. ' I ' afterward ' leorncd that at that timo I v.;a3 considered to bo in ! ono of mylongcst and mo3t violent paroxyams/aa I continued to cco her opcakingto yon, in tha ' .midot of a largo assombly, for como liours. Again,: ' ' : 'I saw hor.standtog bv your sida,. while you , wcra' ' , cngaped-Oither in- writing or.dra>7ing. I saw her_- oneo again afterward, but tho noxt timo I saw you wdp in tho ton parlor." ! ; Tho. picture was'proccedod with tho noxt day, :/'"1 and on vim day after tlio faco waa completed, and I afterward brought it with mo to Londoii to finish. ///. I havo often scon Mr. L. sinco tliat period./ His' % J:ealth;i« porfocUy. re-established, and ids manner - and conversation arp.as cheerful a3; can bo expeov . tod within d.fow years of, &q; great aborcavcmont. \- ' Tho portrait, how hahgs in .his bed-room, with /, / tho: print ond- tho Xnd skotclica bytho sldo, and,' ' vrtitton boncatliia : 44 O.L., is\h September, ' ieSB, . cgod twenty-two." ' - "v" It may /ho -'remarked, for tho comfort of. honesty poverty, that ayarica., reigns moot in':;..' thoso ,y?hb havo but- fo\7: good qualities to / recommend them; This in .'a weed that will grow on barren ooih— t / ; . A knofiT tinm/.ago,'. white 'getting; out' uthha V;'/ m .hia . qunrry a mite south o£- ir.o!como, Ind'.,' Gcorgo W. Dcfenhough nplit a Buicsivo riab : . and found ombedded in tho eolid rocka lizr.rd/ of light color alivo and ccUyo, ' , 