TO TUB ESffOR OP THK OOOB1EL SIR,—la bis animadversions on iny letter of 4th June. " Hop." ssys. " I hope he rtid not ieo»ln his dugma frcm bis |uini«ter." As I auTlnl f-hootiax from behind a fence—likn " Hope"—the ioju-itije <•( dragging in my ininister will be apparent. My minister knew nothing abfUt my letter till it appeared in The Courier, and be is not in the bablt of making balls and gsttingt other people tu lire them. I hope that "HftpS" will direct bis guns .again** those who take part 'n this diecussion, and nut try to shoot down ianoceot people. " Hope" begins by uenouncing annthiiatioc (.le«truction i« wbatl c.>ntend for) a« " a vnin delualv, dream at be^t." Tbat fs asMiming this thio$ to be proved. AssenJun i- not arguujeDt. He avimits tbat I give plenty of Scripture quotations, but nays tbat I mi-aniy them, and yet tbe only quotation be dulldlfu Is Psalms dii, S. B, and Tefera me to Matt, xil, SS. I see no contradiction in the*« passages, lbs oneaayatbs Lord "will not keep His anger for ever," and the other dedans that "whosoemr speaketb against the Holy Ghost itt-ball nut be furtive* him." Ac. Iftbeaaaner ts to he "utterly destroyed"—and xbc Bible rays he ts to bs—bis sins will eeitalnijr never be tt/rgiven, aad - anger will not surely continue after tbe sinner ia destroyed. But, eiays "Hope." Balm -dil.-a, S. "applies only to those wboJblesstbe Lord srltball their souls and are rigiiteoos." 1 never knew before tbat tbe Lord *as angry with tbose " wbo He»a Him withUl their sool-," I always thoDEbtit waa with tbe wicked, btuswss " ma mast live and -leara.'V 1 ^Wheuwdfinan cease tnssn man. and iriyetdy <sOt nnralling teot of Divine trntbT '' Hope" uys be u «hrisSos from eveHasting femnings,<uui««cbable fire, tbe wo.-ro tbat diem cat;" brtbeooes mot seen to shrink from rending otbera, wbo don't «es with bis «fes,tben.- Seine w d tbe "deet" -WnadL be can comphcatb o-aWplatsbis neiEbbors tn Ti^aytlngtorment, icdw thb'jtHUce. Tin Bgnrsr tine enployed are taken from the »aDey Binn' (TopJ,et). t«i Hie south side of Jerasalem, into which «li the (etnse ottbe city was cast, and fires kept continoally ban»ln(t, together witb "the worm rtiat dletb not" (so long aatbere was avytblng to feed npnn), utterly de stroyeil : tha mass <.f coErap^im. Ruob the ^erlptues rcprestot tbc'do^'aad t*nd oi the «ican to be. I fail to see bow our Lord's statement respecting Judas is misleading. A doom like that Is sutely worse for a man than if be had never been born 4 (Job, iif.) 4 Hope" * peaks of 41 the lioo of the tribe of Jodih destroying the adversary," aud again of him wbogoetb about like a roaring lion seeking whom he may * 4 destroy, devour." <fcc., and yet he maintains that * the adversary," being immortal, never can be 4 4 destroyed, devoured," Ac. He is afraid that many "like Mr Morris" (how charitable!) are ** sleeping on the enchanted ground"- of mercy apart from justice. Is It mercy apart from justice to execute a criminsl. "Tbe wage4of sin is death;" 44 tbe soul that sinneth. it shall die;" "he tbat con vert etc a sinner from the error of his way saveth a eoul from death," &c;, does not seem to me to be mercy without justice, or very ** enchanting" ground for anyone to sleep on. I maintain that, * 4 though band join in band tee sinner will not go unpunished," and that tbe punishment will be quite terrible enough, without man " pUirg on the agony.** *' Hope" ssys * 4 sin is an infinite sin," To talk about a finite being doing an infinite act is a contradiction in terms, and cul no more bedone'thanwatercan rlseaboveftsowo level. Neither in Isaiah liH, 6, cr in any other part of tbe Bible, can f nob urmeetise be found. If .endless life in torment be the panisnment of sin, then ChrUt must be doomed to that fyte. for M God hath laid oh H im the Iniquity of us alt" The more forgiving we are, and ihemoreGodlike'we become,and yet" Hope" representsChrista* aa s«»eittgof toe travail of his son!, and being satisfied," in the eternal torment of bis enemies. '* Hope" ays." Some people tell as that the Hebrew word o'pbesh (soul) ia used to signify the life of all terrestrial things," and that therefore the soul of man is co more an immortal principle than that of the lower anlmala." 4 If he denies this, he denies tbe Scriptures. 4 And they went in unto Noah into the ark, two ∋ two of all flt?sh, wherein is tbe breath of life"(nepbesh) (Gen. viL, 15*. Speakiag of death as tbe common lot of all flesli, Solomon s»y.%:— 44 As the one dittli, so dieth tbe other: yea, they have all one breath (uephssh): so that a man hath no pre emtner ce (in this respect] above a beast" (Ecc. iiL, IB) " Hope" is also opposed to Hebrew scholars of bis own «cbeol of thought. But 41 Hope" caps the climax when he says:—The BOUI of m%n is tbe Spirit of God," and again, 44 the soul of man i« the life of God." Then the Spirit of God and tbe lire of Gcd; in the wicked, must bs doomed to eternal torments, asd God be tormenting Himself in brimstone and fire, world without end. *' When will man ''ease from man and rely only upon tbe uufailipgtestof Divine trurht" Hnpe says, "the same word describing the duration of punishment is used in its varied form, teaching tbe being, attributes, and purposes of the G ou bead; he, however, bllov* t bat the meanings of, these terms 'are dedded by tha objects to which they are applied. If to finite things the meaning is limited, but if to the infinite, then unlimited, or "everlasting hills," —** eternal five," as applied to Sodum and Gomonab, Ac. The fact is, these terms do not, in themselves, represent either definite or Indefinite duration, but simply define the whole course or existence of the being and objects to which they refer. Panl tells us tbat 44 God only hath immortality** (1. Tim., vi, 16). Oh, then you destroy tbe hops ofthe righteous, for the same terms are used to describe their salvation and future bliss, as to exprets the duration of future punishment. Not so, I establish these by those Scriptures that declare 44 immortality "and " eternal life to be the gift of God through Christ," and state tha* man by this means becomes 44 a partaker of the Divine nature;" and I then say tbat eternal, "everlasting, Ac.," when applied to an 4 immortal being, mean endless duration. 4 Hope " solemnly asks Mr Morris and Mr Lewis to shew a singie passage where sinner* are said to come out of pturfshmmt. I must leave this with Mr Lewis, as I do not know of any such passage; nor do I believe they ever will come out, but that they wiil oe "borned up like chaff,"—''destroyed root and branch," " perish for ever," and 4 'becomeau though they had never been." This "rotten , branch" of "thetrfea of corruption" has far more •ao a ad vitality in it than was ever dreamt of in "HopeV philosophy. In conclusion, Mr Editor, I shall be glad to lend any little assistance I cm in the investigation of this solemn subject, which has, of late years, occupied so orach of the earnest and anxious eonsideraUon of good and .thoughtful Christian men In tbe front ranks of the Church of Christ of an denominations But If the discussion degenerates into i<ersonaKtiee, bitterness, and all unebaritebleness. the sooner it- is dropped the ' better.—Vouta, sc., 8th June, 1833. J. B. MOBSIB. 