THE WESLEYAN CONFERENCE. Friday, January 19. Nearly the who's of the day was taken up by the examinations of the probationers. Mo-srs. Mills, MoncriefF, ami Perry were subjected to a lengthy viva voce examination by the President, favour able reports were presented from their District Meetings and of their written examinations also. They were received into full connection with the Conference, aud their ordination is to take place next week. A report of the written examination of the other probationers, viz.; Messrs. Angwin, Blight, Rowe, Blactut, Goss, Bainger, Chapman, liall, and Nairn, was presented by the Rev. G, \\\\\ PatcheLl, M.A. The rule of the Conference is that each probationer must be examined in at least five subjects, and pass in at least four. There were only two cases of failure, one of which was in only one hook, it was arranged that in these instances a second examina tion should take place prior to the end of March. In announcing the result of the examinations the President urged the importance of diligence in stu<*y. He mentioned as worthy of special notice the fact that one of the probationers (Mr. J. II. Goss) had presented himself for examination in Hebrew as well as Greek, and had acquitted him self creditably. He thought it was extremely desirable that "hose who had enjoyed tho advantage of early training should take care to prosecute thoir classical studies. At the same time he pressed on of all young ministers attention to the standards of Diviuity in 'order that they might have a solid foundation to build upon, which would be of permanent and great value Satuhday, January 20. The following notice of motion was given by the Rev. W. H. liuuton—" That in view uf tho moral destitution and utter wretchedness of the Northern Terriloiy natives, immediate steps be taken towards establishing a mission to these heathen." The appointments i »r the Sunday were arranged, and the remainder of the session occupied by the second reading of the Stations. The following is the list, but it is still under correction 1\. Southern District.—Adelaide (Pirie-tfreei), J. Bunting Stephenson, 3). O'Doiuiell (Draper Memo rial) one from England (Thebarton); Bank Steward — Adelaide (Archer-street), Robert X. Casely, James Allen (Brompton), one from England (Prospect); Adelaide (Kent Town ard Norwood), liem-y T. Burgess, J. Young Simpson (Norwood), T. H. 'Dumas. M.A. (Pcpiitbiitu). J. If. Jhv.l.uy (Magill), T. Ronton (Supernumerary). Priuce Alfred College —Unley, Robert Kelly, George Berry; nienele, Thomas Lloyd: Port Adelaide, James Bickford, Samuel F. Prior (Semaphore;; Gumeracha, Thomas Edineades; Willunga, Paul 0. Thomas; Clarendon, David S. Wylic; Crafcrs, One from England; M unt Barker, George W. Patchell, M.A., W. A. Baingcr; Strathalhyu.'Jsoiah Perry; Yankalilla, John Watts ; Mount Gamliier, Archibald J. Bogle; Narra coorte, H. Hen wood Teague; Millicent, John Blackctt; Kingston, T. B. Any win, M. A.; Goolwa, D. S. W ylie; Palmerston, William Stewart. 2\. Aliddle District. —Gawler, Joseph Nicholson; Kapunda, James Haslam; Augaston, Walter II. Hanton; Templars and Freeliug, John X. Mills; Kooringa, Samuel Knight, J. C. Hill; Clare, Charles l ane; Auburn, George K. Kowe; Riverton, W. Benson r Mather; llanson. Home Missionary. 3. Northern District.—Melrose, Samuel S. JUoncrieff; Wilmington,George Hall; Blinman, Samuel Bossite; Port Pirie, William T. Carter; Crystal Brook and Bedhill, B. Gilbert Edwards; Koolunga, Thomas M. Bowe; Jamestown, Bobert W. Campbell; Laura, James Bead; Yarcowie, Albert Stubbs; Port Augusta, William Beed; (Juorn, John Nairn; Oladdie and Walloway (Johnsburg), Home Missionary; Gambowie (Petersburg;, Joshua P. Chapman; Wouoka (Hawker), J. Blight. 4\. Yorte's Peninsula District. — Jioonta, B. Morris Hunter, J. B. Bradbury (Moonta Mines); Kadina and Wallaroo, Charles T. Newman; Port Wakefield, John Gillingbain ; Yorketown, John H. Trevonow; Minlatou, WiliamH. Bote; Maitland, William A. Langsford ; Cunningham, one to be sent; Port Lincoln, John D. Langsford; Elliston, John H. Goss. 5\. Western Australia District.—Perth, Thomas C. Laurence, James W. Mouland, V. Boberts (Pre mantle), one from England (Guildford); York, Wil liam Lowe; Geraldton, Thomas Bird, one from I England (Greenougb); Albany, William S. Worth. 3 lie appointment of William S. Worth is to be ! fixed alter negotiations with the Victoria Con ference. Monday, January 22. A draft of the pastoral address was read by the Itcv. J. Baslam and, after some conversation, was adopted. The Itev. S. Knight moved, pursuant to notice pieviously given—"Jbat the Conference believes that the time has come when one of our ministers should be set apart for cvaugelistic work in this colony." He did not think any outside agency would be of so much value as the employment of one of their own ministers. The experiment as tried in Victoria had been a success. There were clearly openings for engagement during at least forty-nine weeks, and the rest of the time would be needed for rest. The financial requirements might be met by Circuits which the evangelist visited, pro UC MICH tJJi VllbUlliS niiiVU tMCC«lliU{jCU9U tUlKU. jrtU* viding at the rate of say £6 per week, and any further expense could be supplied from the Home Mission bunds, which he would greatly help. A committee, if appointed, could prepare a plan and make the necessary adjustments as to time. He thought it would work as smoothly as any part of the system. Toward the expense the Kooringa Circuit promised £25 per annum. TlieHev. T.C. LawuaNCE seconded, and suggested that the evangelist couid risk Western Australia for the purpose of relaxation. The President remarked that Mr. Knight had not fully developed bis plan, inasmuch as he had not intimated whether a single or married minister should be set apart, or whether he should be con nected with the Home Mission in any way. The Rev. c T. Newman thought such an appoint ment would bo of essential service. The ordinary work of most Circuits taxed the energies of ministers, and they found it difficult to withdraw from any regular efforts to devote special attention to any promising field when the indications of revival were favourable. There were difficulties in connection with some of the evangelists uncon nected with the Church that occasionally proved v ry trying, and that would be avoided if such an appointment were made. He believed no special collection need be made, and that the ordinary revenue would be sufficient. The Rev. II. T. Burgess said there were practical difficulties, for half tlie Circuits would want the special agent at the same time of the year. The Rev. R. M. Hunter pointed out the risk of leaving such an arrangement to a committee, as they would have to bo made several months ahead, and would be liable to be upset. At the same time lie was rot opposed to the motion. The Rev, D. O'Donnell supported the motion. The extraordinary success of tlie Rev. W. Taylor was largely due to liis carefulness in working through the recognised channels of Metkodistic agency. Tile Eev. T. l.i.orn observed that however the financial question might be kept in the background it formed the real difficulty. The failure of the harvest would opera tc very prejudicially in theNorth, and the Home M'.sion Fund severely taxed to meet their necessi ties. In answer to a question, tho President stated that in England, immediately on a resolution to eiunloy a district missionary, a subscription was opined uud tlie whole amount required raised fortli v-ith. 'Tlie Secretary said it was undesirable for thein to discuss the financial aspect of the question in tlie ubsenco of the lay representatives; the real difficulty was to find a suitaule minister who could be spued from Circuit work. Tlie motion was carried by a Urge majority. It was suggested that a minister should be nominated so as to make tlie case complete. The names of the Revs. D. O'Donnell and J. Y. Simpson were men tioned, also that of a minister in Victoria, but no nomination was agreed upon. 'ilie Rev. C. H. Goldsmith presented the case of the railway employes on the Great Northern Rail way. 'J liero were about 100 fewdies scattered along tlie line, and there would probably be more. Alter alnief conversation it was agreed to defer the subject till the assembling of the m>xed Conference. Tuesday, January 23. The Conference, consisting of ministers and lay representatives, assembled at 2 o'clock. The follow ilie are the names of the representatives elected by the various circuits, most of whom were present.— Adelaide (Pirie-streetl, Hon. John Colton ; Adelaide (Archer-street), Mr. J. P. Swann ; Kent Town, Mr. !■'. Chappie, li.A., IJ.Sc.: Glenelg, Mr. B. Nock; Port Adelaide, Mr. T. Hack; Gumeracha, Sir. T. Montfries; W'dunga, Mr. W. Hlinan; Clarendon, Hon. J. Can-; Craters Summit, Mr. Webb ; Mount Barker, Mr. R. Pope; Strathalbyn, Mr. E. J. Tucker: Ymikalilla, Mr. it. Kelly; Goolwa, Mr. Thomas Goode; Gawler, Mr. W. Dawkins; ICapunda. Mr. R. Kelly ; Angaston, Mr. J. Andrew; Tempters and Freeling, Mr. F. T. James; Kooringa, Mr. George Sara; Clare, Sir. H. Jolly ; Auburn, Sir. Rfdgway ; Hanson, Sir. J. Humphries; Slelrose, Mr. J. Bowden ; Port- Pirie, Mr. T. C. Simpson; Crystal Brook and Redkill, Mr. T. Watt; Koolunga, Mr. F. Millington; Jamestown, Mr. IV. Hasiam; Laura, Sir. A. lliil : Ya.eowie, Mr. William Lock; Oladdie and Wallo way, Mr. Jolin Gregory; Gurabowie, Mr. R. roraerv; AVonoUa, Mr. J. H. P. Moyscs; Moonta, Mr. li. Adams; Kadina and Wallaroo, Mr. W. Blackney; Port Wakeheld, Mr. E. M. liewett; Yorketown, Mr. W. J. Wicks; Minlaton, Mr. \V. T. Waterhouse; Maitland, Mr. H. Lamslied. The Mount Gambier, Narracoorte, Millicent, Kingston, Quorn, Port Augusta, and Port Lincoln Circuits did not elect representatives. The President, addressing the Conference, wel comed the loy gentlemen, assuring them that the ministers valued their co-ope.ntion very highly. It was a comfort to liirn that there was nothing diffi , cult before them. There was a well-considered pro gramme, which, if they followed, they would gee through the business smoothly and satisfactorily. Be thought tl at was a suitable time to review their Australian history as a branch of t-e one Church of I Christ. 'J he first Methodist Society founded in the southern uorld was formed in JVew South IVhlesin the year 181*2, and consisted of a dozen members, 'ihree yeais afterwards the Rev. Samuel Lee wjis I sent out, and ho had seen the tirst letter written 1 home by that venerable missionary. A paragmph tberehr spoke of gratitude for preservation during a voyage of ICO duys, and that be had landed enjoying good health and peace with God. Forty years afterward* at the first Conference, in 1855, there were tabulated 76 Churches, 81 ministers, 523 Sunday-school teachers, 4,896 Sunday scholars, 113 local preachers, 170 class leaders, 2,456 mem ber*, ami 15,050 adherents. At the General Conference bud in Adelaide in May, 18S1, just twenty-six years from the time of holding the first Conference, we had 2,197 Churches, being an increase of 2,121: gtOrainieUrs—increase, 338; 13,973 Sunday school teachers—Increase, 13,450; 140,210 Sunday school children — increase, 135.314 ; 4,480 local preachers—increase, 4,307; 5,505 clas3 leaders— rnruase, 5,395; CO,938 members—increase, 57,482; 857,545 adherents — increase, 57,482; 2,178 cate chumens—increase, 2,178; C colleges—increase, 0. lie looked at these statistics as proving that if ever a Church bad a vocation it was their own. In South Australia thc-j began in 3SC8, when a few emigrant* i organized a Society, Three yours afterwards the Rev. W. I.ongboiiom was cordially welcomed as their nihiifdcr." 'The progress since then had been striking. In 1SS3—45 years from that date—th^y Hp,cited as follows:—224 Clinrcb.es, 53 ministers, Sty hundr.y-H'bjonls, 2,311 Sunday- school teachers, 17.811 Muiilav scholar:*, 3i*j local preacher^, 40J ■ dasi- lcauers,' 417 catechumens, and IS/JOi utten (tents on public worship. Those flgnrcs did not include the returns from Western Australia. The President concluded by saying" We have now a complete and vigorous organization for all further operations for the people's good—our Home Mission Society, Church Building Loan Fund, Wesley,an Book Depot, a weekly newspaper, pro vision for training at Prince Alfred College the candidates for our home and foreign work, and a branch of the Foreign Missionary Society itself. Our equipment seems to be nearly all that could be desired. Hence we are bound to succeed if we are only faithful to our great trust. We have a soui savmg theology, a well- adjusted financial and ecclesiastical polity, and a mixed Conference, com posed of an equal number of ministers and lay representatives, for giving effect to our plans and operations. The cie thing we require is the anointing of the Holy Ghost and the living presence of the Lord Jesus Christ. This I trust wo shall have, and that the divine blessing will accompany all our operations." The Hon. J. Carr expressed the pleasure the whole Conference felt in seeing the President in his present position. He regarded it as honour rendered to whom honour was due. Messrs. Milmngton and Theodore Hack expressed their entire con currence with the remarks of the Hon. J. Carr. It was resolved, on the motion of the Secretary, j that the sittings of the Conference be open to the public. The hours of cession were fixed ma in former years, and the Standing Orders of the General Con ference adopted. Notices of motion were handed in:—1. By Mr. Pope, to remove all hut financial disabilities from ministers marrying during their probation, 2. By the Bev. J. Nicholson—"That this Conference recommends the use of an unintoxicating wine in the Ordinance of the Lord's Supper." 3. By the Bev. C. H. Goldsmith—" That in the opinion of this Conference it is desirable that llome or Bush Missionaries sbonld be employed in visiting the families of the railway employes in the permanent camps in the par North." DIVISION OF CIRCUITS. The division of the Pine-street Circuit as recom mended by the Quarterly Meeting and sanctioned by the Southern District Meeting, was proposed oy the Dev. J. it. Stephenson, anil seconded oy the lion. J. Colton, the new Circuit to be called the Unley Circuit. A discussion arose on the designation of the new circuit. 'Jlie Rev. C. T. Newman moved that it he called tho "Adelaide (Unloy) Circuit." The Rev. TV. T. Carter seconded, and stated that the object of the motion was to bring the circuit within the scope of the " six years' rule," which prohibits any minister fiom tiavelliug more than six years in the same town or city. He said tnere was a strong desire to prevent monopoly either by ministers or circuits. The Rev. T. Lloyd raid the example of other cities should guide the conduct of Conference. The Rev. R. M. liUNTKR. urged the importance of 1 not embarrassing the Conference by the application of the rule in question. Mr. 1". Cuapfle said in ibe interests of Methodism at large, and the impor tance of their work in the city, he hoped the pro posal would be negatived. The Rev. K. S. Casely moved as an amendment that the new circuit be called "DnJey and Mitchaui." There would he further divisions before very long, and if the same principle were applied to them a time would come whtn their plan would be uuwurkable. The Rev. D. U Donneli. said that there was 110 disposition on tile part of the people in the city to establish a monopoly, bo believed the rule at present ope rated as a distinct hindrance to circuit enterprise and circuit division. Mr. J. F. Mh.ungto.n said it was a mistake to regard all ministers as exactly similar in gilts and capabilities, and they acted most wisely when they employed men in places lor which they were most adapted. Tho Revs. H. W. Campbell, J. B. Stephenson, and others took part in the discussion. Un the amend ment being put there were 29 for and 30 against it. Considerable difficulty was found in disposing of the question, and after some discussion on points of order it was agreed that tho issues should be taken Eepaiatoly. The pioposal for the division was carried almost unanimously, and it was finally re solved by a small majority that the new circuit should be called tbe Unley Circuit. Tbe division of the Auburn Circuit into two circuits, to be called the Auburn and Hoyleton and llivcrton Circuits respectively, was agreed to; the minister to reside at Auburn. Tbe division of tbe Melrose Circuit, the new circuit to be called the Wilmington Circuit, was also authorized. It was resolved to transfer WauraRio from the Maitland to the Minlaton Circuit, and Stockport from Kapunda to the Templers and Freeling Circuit, ■ lie name of the latter to ho changed to the Templets and Stockport Circuit; the minister to re side ut Templers. Evening Session. The first question had reference to tailing up new stations. 'J he Rev. R. S. Casely referred to Kangaroo Island, and urged that come provision should he made for its necessities. He moved that it be placed on the list of stations. There were several members there, and the way was clear. The mo: ion was earned. The Rev. C. II. Goldsmith, having obtained per mission, moved the motion, of which he had given notice, respecting the railway employes on the Northern line. Re described the condition of the families of the linemen in relation to their religious and educacationa] disa bilities. Many of them were very far away from either Church and school. There were 100 families scattered along the line for whom some provision ought to be made. The Xtcv. T. Lloyd thought Furina might be chosen as the basis of operations, and the agent travel by means of a rail way velocipede. (Laughter.) The Rev, W. X. Carter supported the motion, but suggested that Quorn should be the starting-point, ana that who ever was sent should make it uis busiuess to give ihe children some little secular education as well as preach to their parents. There was a great work to be done, and no mere novice would be sufficient. Mr. D. Nock also supported and referred to the stations both along the line an 1 still further north to which the visits of such a bush missionary would be highly acceptable. The Rev. K. M. HUNTER drew attention to the fact that the mission would in all probability have to be entirely sustained by the lioiue Mission Fund, but for all that he believed the claim was as strong as that from any part of the heathen woiId. The Hon. J. Cahr said they must remember that great difficulties would have to be encountered, In the work done by the agencies of the Clarendon Circuit atnong the navvies on the Naime line it was found that it was most difficult to reach them effectually. A very large proportion were Roman Catholics, and many also seemed saturated with a drinking iu&tua.; Mr. J. F. Mil lington and somo others continued the conversa tion. The Rev. R. S. Casely suggested tn&t; it would be far better to connect the work proposed with one or other of the most northerly Circuits. Mr. J. P. Swann followed on the same side, ami mentioned that it would involve the withdrawal of at least £-200 from the Home Mission Fund. The Rev.H. M. Hunter moved—"That the Conference in its ministerial sessions be requested to direct the ministers stationed at Hawker and Blinman to give attention to the families living ia the permanent camps on the Northern Railway." The motion was withdrawn in favour of this ameudmeut, which was carried unanimously. Ihr Rev \V. H. Hanton, in moving his motion respecting the aborigines of the Northern Territory, Kuiu his purpose was to instruct the heathen blacks I by t-bristiaublucke. He proposed eitber to obtain ! a converted Toiigan or tijian, such as the Rev. Kailuie, to go wuli perhaps a t.'hrUtiau native from Point Matieay, or else to obtain a missionary , Iruin I ngland. He wished to refer to the extreme and utti r wretchedness of these tribes, They had traditions of a long past, and customs such as cir cumcision, which indicated a former superiority, but their degradation was very great Tb*re was proof tbut their noioadic habits could be checked in thefact | of their gathering round Mission Stations. It was also demonstrated that they could be trained to be useful workmen. As to the practicabi ity of his proposal it was unquestionable that they could be reached by the Gospel. At Point Macleay eight converts were i reported for the past j ear alone. He bad personally attended a pi ayer meeting for the mo&t; part con ducted by the blacks themselves. There were fifty childien, whose intelligence was spoken of most satisfactoi ily. He contended that there woe no force in the a«gument that they were an inferior race, and | therefore no obligation to rescue them existed. He could speak more fully of cruel outrages suffered by these Mart's were it not an open Conference. He believed that no great financial difficulties would occur. 3 he Bcv. T. C. Laurance seconded, and referred to the piolo^g 0 efforts made in Werte.n Australia by the UcsUyun Mi-sionary isociety. Many hundreds of pounds had been expended, and though no luxe < f the Mi s'.ou could now he loumJ, its re Milts weie that in-my hiul been saved, and were now hi lleaven. He liad mm*h botn civilized and Chris tianized natives, and hid ministered to oue of them at his dentil, whirh was in faith and h«pe. Tncltev. \Y. T. Car-j i- it suid it v.oulil be a batter plan to send to the Moravian Mission in Gippsiiiutl, whence he fully believed suitable agents could be obtained' who would be glad to go. He thought the Christianity of Australia had concluded too soon that the case of the aboriginals was hopeless. They had inade.the mistake of preaching the Gospel in pigeon-English instead of "in their own tongue wherein they were born." Black missionaries under a white Superintendent occu pying a tract of land in the interior among tribes uncorrupted by contact with white people would do a great work yet. Mr. T. Goode believed from his long acquaintance with the tribes of the Lower Murray that instead of pacing so much attention to the civilising process, it skonld be their en deavour to impart the principles of the Gospel to them first. Trie Bev. T. Lloyd said the financial aspect of the question was very serious, and the ob ligation too great for any one Church. He suggested: that thePresident might ascertain from the Govern ment to what extent they would be prepared to help the enterprise. The President remarked that the idea of forming a large establishment had been tried elsewhere and proved a failure. They had better confine their attention to purely missionary work, and be prepared to bear the expense them selves. The Bev. T. C. Lauranci: described a. scheme he had devised, and which lrad been generally approved. Mr. T. Hack objected to any project being entered upon which involved almost a moral certainty of failure. The tribes were small, languages diverse, and failures else where numerous. Mr. Hanton, iu replying to various speakers, said it was necessary to take immediate steps. It was undesirable to refer the matter to the Conference in Sydney, which had its hands full. As to State aid, they should not look for it till they hod done what they could them selves. It w. s wrong to say sll such missions had failed. There were thirty Church membcrsat Point. Macleay, and on some stations the blacks were better lunsons than could be obtained from white people. The motion was carried. It was also rc selvcd, on the motion of Kev. J. Nicholson—" That a committee bo appointed to formulate a plan of operations, and report to the next Conference, the names of the committee to be submitted to the Conference to morrow morning." The Hev. C. T. Newman moved—"That the Hundreds] of Clinton, Cunningham, and Mooly wurtie be formed into a new Circuit, to be called the - Cunningham Circuit." There were a large number of nettleis in that district, a very large percentage of whom were Wesleyanst and he hod already pledges of sufficient financial support for a young, minister. Mr. Lamsiied seconded, and the motion was carried. Additional preachers were requested by the Pirie street Circuit (for Unley), the Kent Town and Nor • ~ " "fount Ba ' ' wood Circuit, Mount Barker, and Guililiord, in Western Australia. The following Circuits were reported as being under obligation to a married instead of a single < k minister, viz., Stratlialbyn, Auburn, and Koolunga. Wednesday, January 24. Notice of motion liy Mr. D. Nock—" That in the opinion of this Conference the Bible should he reed in our State schools." 3 he Eev. J. NICHOLSON moved—"That this Con ference recommends the use of an unintoxicating rvine in the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper." lie believed this question would have to be looked at by the Australian Churches, as it had beeu in America, and trusted the discussion would bo con ducted without personal feeling. He deemed it a safer thing to oner an unfermunted wine. Many cases of risk had come under his notice wherein it would have been very imprudent to give an alcoholic wine to those who had fallen by that means. Instances were given. He regarded unintoxicating wine as a more appropriate symbol of Christ's shed blood. The New Testament spoke of the element as the "fruit of the vine." British wines were often innocent of all connection with the vine. The analogy between the Passover and the Lord's Supper suggested that as all ferment was forbidden in the Passover feast, which practice was still observed by many modern Jews, it was fitting that to fermented wine should be used in the Eucbaristic feast. At present the Church was compromised a little in its opposition to intoxicants by their use at the Lord's Supper. He w ould reply by anticipation to some objections. Some did not approve of discussing the subject at all. He thought it better to do so before any feeling was created, and as three Circuits bad asked for direction he believed it wiso to pass a resolution which liad simply the force of a recom mendation. An unfermentea wine was now made in the colony, and its market price was even cheaper than the fermented. The tastes of some might not approre of it, but it could be made very palatable, and it must be remembered that the question was one of right rather than tastes. He bolieved the time liad come when the sanction of the Conference should he given to tlio use of an unfermcntcd wine, and be left the matter in their hands confident of the issue. The Bev. T. C. Lauranck seconded. Ho had met with persons who dared not touch intoxicating wine, ana the use of it in the Sacrament was a temptation. Instances were quoted in support of tin's statement. The Bev. J. Haslam believed such a resolution would prove a hindrance to the cause of temperance. He had never known harm to result iu the way described by others. In sucli cases the proposed change was iot the true remedy. Greater vigilance on their part was the better plan. As to conscience, it was olten only another name for crotchet, lliere were numerous authorities against the statement that the wines of the Bible were unfciuiented. For himself he should feel, were he to change the present custom, that he was support ing a narrow and bigoted view of things. They had liberty at present, and whatever fettered the action of officials would prove a dead letter. The Bev. R. s. Casely moved as an amendment— "This Conference, having had the question pre sented to its consideration respecting the use of ui.feimeuted wine in the fcacraraent of the Lord's Supoer, urges on our Societies that this question should not be allowed to disturb the minds of the people of our Churches; that the Conference recom mends no alteration of the ancient practice of the use of wine on such occasions, but auvises that wine • posseting the least amount of alcohol should be employed." He expressed bis sympathy with what ever favoured the temperance movement, hut they must take care they did not introduce contention. Opinions were very conflicting as to the nature of' Bible wines, and he did not believe at all that any man had ever become a drunkard by partaking of the sacred ordinance. No testimony whatever could convince hiin that God so forsook any man who came humbly and devoutly to the Table of the Lord. The Bev. J. Haslam seconded. Mr. D. Nock con tended that the wine used at the institution of the Lord's Supper was unfermented. No leaven—and that included ferment—was allowed by law at the time of the passover. lie thought it most inconsis tent for Christian Churches to use the cause of so much crime anil wretchedness as au emblem of the sacrifice by which they were saved, lie felt it to be estrtmely unfit for the purpose. The Hey. R. W. Campbell regretted the introduction of the subject, and felt the discussion tended to a belittling of the ordinance. Mr. W. Lock said whatever might be said against unfermented wine there was no doubt that the ordinary wine was a terrible curse. As to disturbing a custom, if the custom were prejudicial it ought to be disturbed. The Rev. C. Lane said that much tinfermctited wine was objectionable, but in his Circuit a thoroughly good article had been obtained, and was in use. Mr. ANDiiew made a statmejt. The Bev. J>. O'Donnell supported the motion, aiid mentioned cases to be met with in the inebriate Retreat and elsewhere, proving that serious injury was sometimes wrought by the administration of alcoholic liquor. Mr. J. F. Miiiington, the Hon. J. Colto.v, and others fcoolc part iu the discussion The Rev. J Nicholson, in reply, said the opponents of his motion were siguitl diLily afraid of discussion. It bad been proved during the debate that those who thought with him wcze not a small and a abating minority, but, as the vote would prove, a large and deeply convinced section of the Conferenge. His action wan not the outcome of a crotchet, but the result of conscien tious conviction. It was certain that some at least of the Bible w ines were not intoxicating. His pro posal was permissive and safe, aud he hoped it would be adopted. The amendment was lost, and the motion earned by forty-eight votes to ten. The Secretary read a letter from the Secretary of the Gospel Temperance Mission, inviting the mem bers of the Confertnce to attend a meeting on Thursday evening, to discuss the best means for extending the influence of the Blue Kibhon Army, and other matters connected with the temperance movement Mr. Povr introduced bis motion referring to pro bationers. In answer to a question, the President said the niotiou aimed at an alteration of a constitutional character. It could not, therefore, bu proceeded with. STATISTICAL RETURNS. The Secretary read the following .statistical returns, Western Australia being included: Churches, 2Si>; increase, fi. Other preaching places, 7S; decrease, 5. Ministers, CI; increase, a. Sunday M*hool Unci crs, 2,407; incrr ise, J87, Ljeal preachers, SCO; increase, 15.. Class leaders, 412; increase, C4. Members, 0,322; increase, 925. 0.1 trial, 70.); communicants, 639; catechumens, 445; Sunday-schools, 225; increase, 1G. Sunday-school rcholars, 18,046; increase, 1,357. Adherents, 40,029; increase, 1,755. The absence of any returns as to the membership of the Quoin Circuit was adverted to by the Presi dent. Several speakers referred to the impropriety \- of the wholesale omission of so many members. It was ascertained that tokens of membership were given at the December visitation to forty-three Earsons, and it was agreed that that number should e entered in the minutes. The President said after the reading of the statistics it was usual to enter upon a profitable conversation on the state and progress of the work of God in their midst. For nitnself he wished to bear testimony to loving kindnesses with which he had been favoured during the past year, lie bad been enabled to accomplish two objects that would have permanent effect on the prosperity of the Church with wliich he was connected. One of these was the reunion of those who had been divided, and the other thegracious revival of a drooping cause by the faithful employment of the regular means. They had found no difficulty in inducing the new converts to unite themselves in Church fellowship in the long established way. Two or throe verses of a hymn were then sung, and a conversation followed which partook very much of the character of personal testimonies. Mr. Lamshed referred to the permanent and satis factory character of the recent progress in his neighbourhood. The Bev. C. T. Newman spoke of the Western District beyond Port Lincoln, tlie | gladness with which ministers were received, and the respect in which former visitors to the some what lonely settlers were held. At Kadina finan cial prosperity had been followed by spiritual pro gress; and these were most encouraging indica tions. Mr. Watt spoke of the prejudicial effects of | vordly nmusements. Mr. Humphries, from j Hanson, described the means by which the member ship there was increased. The Bev. E. S. Caselt said mucli prayer bad been offered, and it was now appropriate to present thanks for the answer that hud been given. It was evident that the doctrines, agencies, and operations had all been owned of God, and this should serve as an incentive. On the motion of the Rev. H. T. burgess, the following resolution was adopted" This Con ference expresses its devout gratitude to Almighty God for the large increase he has graciously given to this Church during the post year, and especially the honour God has been pleased to put upon the special means adopted to promote the revival of His work. The Conference again recommends to the Circuits the adoption of special services throughout the whole colony, and suggests that such services associated with the methods adopted in pievious years, or otherwise, should commence about the beginning of June of the year 18S3." The lion. J. Coi.ton moved—"That this Con ference desires to record its grateful recognition of the value of the earnest and Indefatigable evangelistic labours of Mr. Matthew Burnett in South Australia during tho last three . years, and to express its devout thank fulness to Almighty God for the blessings vouchsafed to them." He presumed that the motion would not require much support, for all would agree that Mr. Burnett had been a great blessing to very many. He did not deny that Sir. Burnett had . some defects, for after all he was only human. Ills work was chieily evangelistic, and hod met with approval from all classes. Oil Southern Yorke's Peninsula, at Kooringa, and elsewhere, lie had done a great work, and hence was worthy of all honour. Mr. Chapple seconded. Such a resolution was appropriate both as to place and time. Mr. Burnett had done three years work, was going away, and would value the resolution very highly. The Bev. T. C. LauraNCE supported the proposition. The Rev. R. W. Campbell had known Mr. Burnett for fifteen or sixteen years. He once believed in him very heartily, hut it was at a distance. The admira tion he then felt had seriously diminished. He felt sure the Conference wonld not suspect him of opposing the motion from low and personal motives, hut he did so, and first because the resolution would probably be used extensively elsewhere as a recom mendation and declaration of approval. He did not believe in his methods of working, or in the perma nent results of his work. Mr. W. Lock moved the . adjournment of the debate, which was carried. P1UNCE ALFRED COLLEGE. Tho annual meeting of the committee was held at 4 o'clock, the Rev. R. S. Casely in the chair. The Secretary, Hon. G. W. Cotton, read the annual re port, from which the following extracts are made: — " Tho year's work in the College has shown that the committee were not mistaken m their belief that the increased accommodation afforded by the new wing would be required, by the constantly eniarge ing attendance at the College; and thegreater facili ties given for teaching purposes have shown their value in the high position the pupils have gained in the competitive examinations held in their own . school fur the various prizes and scholarships offered there, and also in the examination in connection with the Adelaide University. The attendance this . year has increased, as shown below First Second Third Fourth Term. Term. Term. Term. Boulders .. ..55 (if 00 00 Day boarders.. ..44 61 52 52 Dayboys .. ..239 251 252 259 Total 338 36U 301 371 Last year .. ..283 290 325 323 The balance-sheet attached sliowg a net profit on the year'* accounts of £554 15s. 7(1., after expending £302 in the improvement of the present premises. The total debt on the College, after completing the new wing and various adjuncts that were needed in connection with the institution is £6,012 13s. id. The comwitttee most gratefully thank the many friends of the College for their noble subscriptions, which, including the £1,000 each from the Hon. John Colton and Mr. T. G. Watcrhouse, have reached the grand total of £4,000. In achieving this result, the energetic canvass of Mr. M, 21. Madge enabled many friends of the institution to subscribe who otherwise would not have had the opportunity of doing so. The year has been fortunate with respect to the health of the boarders. There has been no serious illness of any kind, and the College has, on this account, much reason for devout gratitude to God for his provider] tia mercy. The committee again record their entire satisfaction with the management of the College in the hands of the Head Master, Mr. F. Chappie, B.A., B.Hc., aided by the very large and efficient staff of masters. They fee] this acknowledgement to be the more necessary on account of the increased responsibilities that the inconvenience attending building additions involves, together with the great number of boys in atten dance before the new rooms were finished. In reviewing the past year, the first thing that presents itself is the removal of llis Excellency Sir Win. Druminond F. Jervots, G.C.M.G., C.B., &c.;, iuthe ordinary course of official promotion, to the Governor ship of 'New Zealand. The very great interest His Excellency lias from the first taken in Prince Alfred College has deeply impressed itself, not only on the committee, hut on every one connected with the institution. So that, though the College Iias? as its very name implies, enjoyed tho favouring distinction of royalty—and of each succeeding Governor of the colony—yet Sir Win. Jervois will always be re membered an one who has most readily accorded to the College the aid of his high influence on every occasion when there was an opportunity for him to do to. It will be seen from the financial statement on this sheet that the College's indebtedness has been reduced, by subscriptions and profit on the year's working, more than £2,000, so that notwith standing the continually increasing demands that will be made on the resources of the institution for the requirements of higher education, there is every prospect that the present debt will continue to be sensibly reduced from the current income year by year. Nor can the committee forget that it is as true as ever ' except the Lord build the city, they labour in vain that build it.' They have,||therefore, express ground for thankfulness to God for the favouring care He has extended to the work of the hands of His servants. And while they point to the completed buildings, to the larger attendance of pupils, and to the marked scholastic successes of the past year, or to the constantly increasing stream of alumni, who are taking their place in every de partment of daily life, they look beyond all these to Him who c sitteth king for ever/ and giatefully cry 1 to God be all the glory.'" The balance-sheet showed that the receipts from scholars' fees had been £7,370 12s. 3d., and from subscriptions £2,384 7s. 8d. The cost of the right . wing bed been £5,91115s. 9d. On the improvement of the premises £302 18s. 7d. had been expended. The balance of profit for the year was £554 15s. 7d. and the present debt £6,61213s. 44. Tlierepoit and balance-sheet wereadopted. Thanks were presented to the retiring Hon. President (Bev. B. 6. Casely), the Treasurer (Hon. J. Colton), and Secretary (Hon. G. IV. Cotton). It was . moved by the Rev. H. T. Burgess and seconded by the Hon. J. CaRJI that the new wing be • designated the "Colton Wing" Several members ' of the committee referred to Mr. Colton's interest in • the College ftom Us commencement, and his help at the limo when the lalo extension was projected, an t the motion was earned unanimously. Mr. Coivrox acknowledged the compliment, and spolte of it as being a verv liieb honour, which he and his family would cordially appreciate. The appointments of President, Treasurer, and Secretary w ere made, subject to confirmation bj; the Conference, and the vacancies in the committee filled. A resolution was adopted requesting the Confe rence to appoint n committee with power to secure a suitable site for the erection of a Ladies' College. 