CORRESPONDENCE, BEHOLD HOW THESE BRETHREN, &c.; | TO THE EDITOR OP THE MORNING- BULLETIN. ( Sm,-On whose side is the "uncharitable- ness!" In a former note to the Bulletin I quoted a passage from your report of the Kev. Colin M'CuIloch's speech at "Thc Presby- terian Annual Celebration " I then stated, " I do not know if this report is correct, but for Mr. M'CuIloch's own sake, and for tho sake of the rcligiou he is supposed to represent, I sincerely hope it is not, as a more arrogant pieco of slander I have never read." The whole of your report of that speech I have read again and again, and, I am sorry to add, I cannot find in it one shade of relief to the dark picture Mr. M'Culloch has drawn of the three denominations. Not one word of thc "hearty thanks to them for supplying thc Gospel to the Presbyterians," If tho Bulletin has utterly misrepresented Mr. M'Culloch, I then let the quarrel rest between himself ana that journal. I am sorry to say, not wi th - i standing some little pieces of mock modesty, there is still much of thc same spirit of scorn and intolerance "in the chaffing of cet tain sects for the facility with which parsons aro manu- factured." Tho rcferenoe to Jesus Christ and his apostles IB perfectly relevant. 1 am by no means clear, should they start preaching in Queensland to-day, Mr. M'Culloch and too many others, would not denounce them as ?copie who know not the law, and are accursed, fear all men who can rail at simple goodness might be in great danger of doing this. Oh Mr. M'Culloch, rest perfectly sure there is a devi) still in the heart that can point with j scorn at a man "Oh he is a good man." But ; what did bc say "Oh nothing, but ho is a good man." I say in that simple silent, good men are to be read "the living epistles of Jesus Christ " this is the power that meets and masters infidelity ; give us these and they shall form a phalanx, and " the gates of bell shall not prevail agaiuBt them," This I know it is said of one man " He was was a good man and full of the Holy Ghost and faith, and much people was added to the Lord." I presume it ie christian charity to tell one he bas attempted to "garotte" a brother,beiteoln-illuotrctort, what Dr. Watts has said about thc boys who throw pebbles and mire and bas added ' It is nono but a madman that flings about fire and tells you it was all but iu sport." I Yours, &c;, UEOHOE SLADE, 