i THE EUROPEAN MAIL. PER the P. and O. Company's steamer Australian we have mails to 20th June. OLD COUNTRY NOTES. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] LONDON, June 29. _ No one seems to be able to explain how it came to be rumoured that Mr. R. O'Shaughnessy member for Limerick city, was to be the new, Governor of Queensland. The rumour was nevertheless hour, and it lived a healthy life for a few days. It got into the Press, and it was believed by a great many people. Some of them ought to have been less screen, for it had already been announced authoritatively that Sir A. Musgrave was the man. Perhaps the small paragraph in an obscure corner making this announcement about the Governor- ship of an out-of-the-way corner of the world was overlooked. The most curious circumstance about the rumour was the dilemma into which for the time it placed the member for Limerick. In the course of one evening, as I am informed, several letters were delivered to him in the House of Commons from compatriots in the cause of Home Rule, clamouring for appointments in Queensland. One gentleman, whose claims to the booking clerkship of a roadside station would scarcely bear examination, offered to boss the Queensland railways, explaining in his application that he had thoroughly studied the system of underground railways. He seemed to have got some such impression as that Mackay and Toowoomba are connected by an under- ground loop-line. Mr. O'Shaughnessy may nevertheless some day get something, but not the governorship of Queensland. How do those ridiculous rumours arise 1 I saw it hinted the other day in a provincial paper that the Government intended to make Parnell Viceroy of Ireland. I believe they are born of an un- friendly desire to take a " rise " out of the persons mentioned by making them ridiculous. Poor Sir Arthur Kennedy! There was something very pathetic in that death on board the steamer. A good man spends his life in the public service, never overpaid, and with a limit to his chances of promotion. He is shifted from one quarter of the world to another, always looking forward to the time when, the heat and burden of the day borne, he will be able to spend the mellow evening of life on the shores of home. Years pass. He bears the heat and burden nobly, and for the last time undertakes official duty. The time of rest has come, and before he enters into it the greater rest of eternity on wraps him.', Sir Arthur was a good man, every inch of him, and the painful termination of, his career seemed to suggest, even to our English papers, that he was one of those unobtrusive faithful public servants for whom something better might have been done. Life is full of these pathetic realities. The other day Henry Leigh,' the author of the "Carols of Cockayne," a clever man, downright Bohemian, and yet one who missed his way in life, strolled into the Savage Club, and, being about to take a trip to Margate, thought it would be a good joke to write P. P. C. after his name in the visitors' book. It was the last entry he made there, for within eight days we stood round his grave, and nobody looks at that singular adieu in the book without a feeling of solemnity, perhaps awe. Many Queenslander, I am sure, will be glad to hear that Mr. C. S. Dicken, the secretary at our Agent-General's office, has been called to the bar by the Benchers of the Middle Temple. The learned gentleman has signed his name on the roll at the new Law Courts, and has received the congratulations of his many friends and colleagues, amongst whom he is deservedly popular. Who will not wish him success ? He has had to work very hard after office hours to pass the stiff examination which is enjoined nowadays, and he passed it with flying colours. Mr. Dicken has no present intention of returning to the colony, nor of course of practising in England. A belted earl sued in the County Court for a paltry debt of a few pounds to a man who had lent him money and provided a dinner for his friends is not a pleasant sight. If a certain friend of mine, who is now a rising young novelist, should read the paragraph which reports the case, he will remember that day long gone when this young earl had him turned out of his park for writing too frankly his opinions. A royal prince and several young nobles formed an autumn shooting party, and the miserable little business was pursued with such vigour that my friend, then a journalist, wrote of the affair as a " royal butchering concern." The next day the distinguished group leaned upon their guns, and enjoyed the spectacle of the journalist being escorted out of the park by a keeper. Since then the belted earl has been heard of in many strange situations, and the last is this wretched appearance {by deputy) in a County Court. Dr. Cordy Jeaffreson, in his singularly interesting book about Lord Byron, keeps on con- trasting the condition of society in Byron's days with that of the present day. Is it so certain that we are so much better nowadays ? Byron was cut dead in fashionable drawing rooms for his libertinism. People do not now cut the Duke of B. for driving a common dancer in the park, nor other nobles for their notorious profligacy. Why is it that people are calling Mr. Bishop, the thought resides, a charlatan? He has done all that he pretended to do over this trumpery business, which looks so much like a league between Mr. Labouchere and himself for advertising purposes. According to the dictionaries a charlatan is a quack, a pretender, or an impostor. Bishop does not pretend to be a worker of miracles, nor even a conjuror, yet he has undoubtedly done things which no man can explain. He has the medium's pulse in his hand, and comes to its conclusions by reading its movements. In tho case of Colonel Strutham, he scarcely touched him with the tip of his finger, yet he was able to read out the number of a bank-note of five figures. The thing was simply marvellous. Now the world is insinua- ting that the colonel and Mr. Bishop are in collusion. Why not give the man credit for his undeniably clever trick, and put it by as another of the many things we cannot explain in this world of puzzles and contradictions The dynamite rascals were, if the expression of the human countenance may be trusted, astonished at the sentence passed upon them of penal servitude for life a sentence which to many men is no doubt worse than death. But they were observed to turn to a sicklier shade of parlor when the hoots and yells of the crowd reached their ears. They go to their captivity in the assurance that they are not considered heroes even by the common mob, and those execrations will dwell in their cars as the last and keenest verdict pronounced upon them. We should not, however, be lulled to a false security. An American paper of repute states that in New York and Philadelphia infernal machines of every conceivable pattern are made and exported at the rate of two dozen per day. There is the "ticket," containing a power equal to 900 lb. of powder ; there is the' eight day machine," with a diabolical clockwork, which may be "set" for any time, like an alarum ; there is the " little exterminator," a peculiarly deadly machine, 2in. high and 4in. square there are "bottle machines," in imi- tation of beer bottles; and there is the "hat exploder," concealed in the crown of a hat, which, waved or thrown in the air, explodes. What manner of human fiend can it be that obtains a living by such means ? There is not a little amusement and instruc- tion to be derived from a tour of the committee rooms of the Houses of Lords and Commons. The public may enjoy this entertainment free thought you must be in the corridors early to obtain a place. The rooms are not large, and they are soon crowded. The Channel Tunnel Committee, composed of both Lords and Commons, is very popular just now, and the prospect of the commander-in-chief giving evidence, being cross- questioned, and perhaps badgered, was a powerful "draw." The duke got through his evidence very well, however, and there was no badgering. Most of the members, beginning, according to custom, with the chairman, and going regularly round the two halves of the horseshoe table, had a question or two to put to the duke, but it was done very blandly and with a charming air of deference. The fun of a parliamentary committee is chiefly found in one of the rooms where learned counsel are fighting for or against some municipal bill and the local politics of the provinces are extracted from heated witnesses. It was in one of these rooms, it may be remembered, that George Stephenson, on being asked " How would it be, sir, if a cow got upon this railway of yours?" replied, "That would be so much the worse for the coo." The shilling magazines are in a perplexity. "Cornhill" and 'Tinsley" have cased their minds by coming down to a sixpenny sphere, and the day seems to be near when all high priced literature of this character must turn over a new leaf. These constantly recurring changes are so many triumphs for the cheap magazines of which the public have so long had the benefit, for imitation is the sincerest form of flattery." The House of Lords last night threw out the Deceased Wife's Sister Bill on a third reading. The passage of the bill on a second reading was a great triumph against bigotry, and no one supposed that so unusual a course as a renewal of the opposition on the third reading would be taken. The friends of the measure, with the Prince of Wales and his brothers at their head, were, in fact, caught napping, and the business, therefore, hangs fire for another year. The Radicals wanted a cry for the recess, and now they have it-the ejection of the Episcopal Bench from the gilded chamber. That is the game on foot for the forthcoming winter. The fearful accident at Sunderland one of the most distressing I can remember ought to fasten our attention once more upon the subject of exits and entrances of public places of amusement. Of the building at Sunderland I know nothing, and must not be supposed even to suggest an opinion. Whether it was properly constructed or not will be decided by competent authorities. I do know, however, that, spite of repeated assurances respecting this and that building, there is not a theatre or hall in London that is thoroughly safe. The proprietors must be forced to look after the matter. Theatre and music- hall gentlemen, according to their published boasts, must be, generally speaking, coining money, and it is high time that their patrons, the public, shared a little of their profits. They cannot be forced to lower their prices and clear away the harpies who prey upon visitors, but they may be com- plotted to spend more money in making their houses safer in the event of fire or panic. Wilkie Collins's "Rank and Riches" has run a short course and been withdrawn as a failure. This after non-success of a great novelist and practised dramatist is a notable event in its way, and deserves to be recorded. The author of the "Woman in White" may now, take a holiday and shake hands with Tennyson, who also failed in the same line. Buchanan's two plays, as I ventured to pro- perty when the dramatic critics, without exception, were condemning them in un- measured terms, have not failed. On the contrary, they have made the kind of mark which pleases - crowded houses and a banker's balance Should there in the country be a legal gentleman who is willing to take into his consideration a case without the hope of a fee, I can supply him with a subject. Mrs. A., the English wife of a Scotch landowner, on a Saturday afternoon, wielding a double-handed rod with a " Jack Scott" ily at the end of the line, hooks a salmon, which, after a mighty rush, goes to the bottom of a pool, and sulky there, as salmon have a habit of doing. ; Her friends are summoned, and they hold consultation. They are not very learned upon the subject of salmon fishing, but they think they know enough to decide that it is a big fish, that must be humoured and treated gently. The fish sulks all the afternoon, runs a little at dusk, then sulks again all night. It plays a little more at dawn, but sulks yet again. It is nearly 11 o'clock on Sunday morning, as the good folks are going to church, before the plucky dame, who has gallantly remained by the riverside, rod in hand for the most part eighteen hours -lands the fish, which, after all, turns out to be only one of 121. Query : Was that lady guilty of fishing, contrary to the Scotch law, on the Sabbath Day The case has actually happened in Perthshire. Not less to be scouted than the person who beslavers titled individuals with adulation because they are titled is the man who de- nounces and abuses for the same reason. Of this class must have been the critic who wrote a description of the Prince of Wales at the Fishery Conference, speaking of his manner of reading his brother s paper as worse than that of the commonest schoolboy. The truth is that the Prince of Wales read the paper very well indeed. It was an excellent paper, and it was read at least with an honest English emphasis, without either Cambridge monotone or Oxford where. You may have observed that our Princes have during the last two years made special efforts to be of use, and that the royal brothers in their speeches have taken to glorifying each other in public. It may be a coincidence, but this change has taken place since the publication of a magazine article by Goldwin Smith, suggesting that the occupa- tions of the royal family had not always been of public utility. The Prince of Wales took an early occasion of protesting against his old tutor's assumption, and now we have the Duke of Albany wishing to go to Canada, the Duke of Connaught on the point of embarking for India, and the Duke of Edinburgh and his nephew at sea RAIN " Table Talk of the Sydney Echo we find the following reference to the latest work in the way of exploration of Mr. Favenc, who, it will be remembered, was leader of the Queenslander Transcontinental Survey Party which traversed the continent from Blackall to Port Darwin some four years ago c-Mr. Ernest Favenc is still unfolding now leaves of the spread Australian book, and by his latest telegram to the Adelaide Government has found a picture. He is on the Macarthur River, in the farthest out north of the Adelaide country. He has traversed a dreary land on which there appears to have been no wet season for two years. But on the tableland there are marvellous springs. From a cleft at the edge one such leaps out and passes down into a little lake. The good man's friends and they are a legion even in this city-will ove to imagine him camped by that spring leaping from the rock, as brown and bearded as Moses by Horeb, fearless as Joshua, and strong as Samson, dreaming his dream of the palace by the lake, and the tableland, irrigated by the utilisation of the springs, stretching out green and fair to the mirage that makes phantom land between earth and heaven. It is better than his old dream of that gone time in the heart of the great desolation when The sun at even sank down angry red in the dim haze that bounded the far plain, And when the stars usurped the heavens Instead An awful silence followed in their train. And through the silence the spirit. Spirit of course, yes, whisky in pannikins ; they always drink like fishes, those fellows. But it was nothing of the sort. Take a few more of the words of that time ; they will instruct us as to what we may expect by-and-by : A deep dead silence ! save when fitful sighs Of faint hot wind were wafted from the south. Nature seemed sleeping; light had left her eyes The smile, her mouth. Let us hope the voice of the Spirit of the Spring may be interpreted as truly as those hollow murmurings of the ghost of the wilder- ness and those who know Ernest Favenc best will say, ' No need to hope ; it will all be done, and more.' " OUR Terang correspondent writes, under date 12th intent At the time of writing the evening is close and muggy ; more like the close of a summer's day, There is every appearance of rain, which, it is scarcely necessary to add, is badly wanted) So absorbing is the coming election that little else occupies attention. The feelings are so strained, more especially on the side of the M'Leanites-whether from the sup- position of a coming defeat or not I cannot say that to enter into any argument for the sake of exposition is-well, hardly safe. It may be truly said to be a party election those who choose to ally themselves under the flag of labour against those who range themselves under that of capital. Mr. P. M'Lean has been heard at Nerang, Tallebudgera, Mudgeeraba, Upper Nerang, and Southport. At each place he was accorded a patient hearing, and except at Nerang I don't think was ques- tioned I mean in a way to attack his policy. As I said before, Mr. Stevens is more popular in the district, not only in private life, but also, I think I may safely say, in politics too. What votes he will carry will be solely upon political grounds, whatever the careers of the other party may say to the contrary ; it is not in such an important election a vote should be idly given. So fierce is party and class feeling that the word boycotting has been used, but I trust when the contest is over such thoughts will have flown. PLAYERS of the Melbourne rules desirous of engaging in a match to be arranged between All Ipswich v. Brisbane, on 23rd instant, are requested to send in their names to the hon. secretary Football Committee, care of Globe Hotel, on or before Friday next. Mr. J. M'PillLLirs, of Texas, left Stanthorpe (says the Stanthorpe Miner) for Toowoomba on Tuesday morning last, by train, with two tons of tobacco leaf similar to that which realised so high a price on the occasion of the last Toowoomba show from the same locality. The entire absence of saltpetre from the weed grown on Mr. M'Phillips's selection has materially increased its value in the market, and recommends the Texas soil and climate as specially adapted to the production of tobacco. The consignment alluded to will, we believe, be disposed of to the highest bidder after the show. Apropos of the foregoing, we learn that Mr. E. B. Greenup has also commenced the cultivation of tobacco. 