Talc in Verse. LOST IN THE BTOMI. 'Walk in, walk right in, you're welcome; When- 1 how the wind whistles about. Take a chair close to the fire, sir ; It's a bad sort of night to bo out. You saw our light through the darkuess, And thought you would come? That's right. Somehow my heart's warmer and softer On cv'ry such blust'rin' night. ' You seem sort o' palo like and nervous, Your walk was too much, I think ; Oomo to look, you're white as a ghost, sir ; Seems to me you'd hotter drink. Wei), well, I won't urge you, but really — What's that you're sayin' — this night, With its storm makes you think ot anothor, And the mem'ry saddens you quite? ' Mayhap if you'd tell me the story, 'Twould ease up your mind a bit. 'TwftB just such a night as this one Taint likely I'll ever forgit^ That our blessing came, and somehow When tho wind and storm are abroad, There's a queer kind o' fcelin' in hero, A sort o' thanksgiving to God. 'What's that you are savin'? Oh, surely I couldn't ha' heard you right. Did you say that your wifo went somewhere, And you dropped in that night? That she went home kind o, early ; But they urged you to stay a spell, And told har you'd bring the baby, And see 'twas bundled up well 7 ' At last the wine you'd bo'n drinkin' Had somehow got into your head ; The wind and tho storm were dreadful When you started for home, you said ? See here, stranger, 'twasn't near Alta, Just five years ago to-night ? Pm thinkin' o' that place always, So I couldn't a heard you right. ' It was ? And the baby you held it And staggered on through tho snow, Your brain growin* drowsy and dizzy ; And tbat is the last you know Of that night and the storm, till some one Found you there crazy and wild, And carried you homo ; but surely How didn't they find the child ? ' Nol — well, I might a known it. From the first somcthin' told me 'twas so. You say some wild beast had got it — There were tracks all about in the snow. Stranger, sec here, if a fellow A poor sort o' fellow, yon see, Found a purse of gold that its owner Thought he had lost in tho sea, ' And then he should meet 'with that owner, Do you think it woald be a sin Just to keep it?— when he who lost it Thought never to see it agin ? You do 7 Well, go on with your story, Your wife? Might a known she went wild, And told you not to oomo nigh her Agin till you brought back her child. ' Five years sad-hearted and lonely, Five years you've be'n wanderin' about. Ah, well I to me they've be'n happy ; Yes, wife, go bring Dolly out. I see my way-clear to duty, When she's tight here on my knee ; Her white arm's dingin' about me, I'm a little faint-hearted you «ee. ' Come here, little Dolly, my baby, Give daddy one more loss and then I'm a better man than without her, I could ever hope to a be'n. Now here is my story — don't cry, wife, It's tough, but it's right, you know : That night, sir, ridtn' Irom Alta, I was cumin' the wind and the snow. 'When my horse -stumbled right ovor something, And when I. got off to see, 'Twos a dead man leastways I thought so. And a child that smiled at me. I unbuttoned my coat and laid it In here away from the storm, And somehow, from that very minnit, My heart's be'n soft- like and warm. ( ' We wcrocomin1 west, so we kept it ; 'Iwan't ours, and we might a known W*'d some day Set punished lor koopin ,. The gold that wasn't our own ; And white yoa were te)!io' your story The Devil kept whisperin' to mo, , ' Don't leu him ; he never will know il : He thinks tho ohud dead, you eee.1 'But I just had to-that baby With her cute ways has charmed mo quite; Once I didn't care a copper, sir, If a thiHR were wrong or right, But now— well, here is your baby ; Her loss cured you of your sin. Lost in the storm, the storm drove you Bight hero to find her agin.' — Jlou Hartwiek Xliorpc. A Dakota schoolmistress sued three young men for breach of promise. Counsel for one of the defendants moved for a nonsuit on the ground that she wa- too promiscuous. Tbe conrt seemed disposed to grant the motion, whereupon the plaintiff asked: 'Judge, did you ever go duck-shooting?' His Honor's eyes lighted up with the pride of a sportsman as he answered : ' Well, I should say so ; and many's the time that I've brought down a dozes at a ahot.' 'I knew it,' eagerly added the fair plaintiff ; ' that's iuBt the case with me, judge. A flock of then .fellows besieged me, alia I winged three of them.' The motion for a nonsuit was denied. 