THE WANDERER. ROUND ABOUT NEW ZEALAND. by "The Vagabond." CAMPING OUT ON TIIE LAKES. Speyburn, at the head of the west arm of Lake Manipori, where we are camped, is not now a very swift running creek. A numlier of little streams trickle across the beach into the lake, all joined in one in the spring time, when the enow melts, and Speyburn, then a mighty torrent, conies dashing into Manipori bringing with it great trees, which are piled up here at its mouth in one great tangled mass—an evidence of the resistless force of the waters. It is rather hard now to find the real mouth of the creek. The foreshore of the delta is remarkably boggy, and 1 am sinking over my ankles in the mud, when a family party of teal comes sailing round the point One 011 the water and one on the wing are slaughtered by the right and left barrels. Mick brings them ashore, and carpes them back to the camp. " Pot hunting" this, 110 doubt I admit it I shall kill but what ducks we want for a change of diet, and a few brace to take to the station, with some other rarer birds for the sake of their skins. Why should I slaughter what I do not require for use, and call it ' sport" ? The pothunter has an excuse, the sportsman none, except that of indulging the passion to kill inherent in all savage races, and which has not yet l)een worked out of the Anglo-Saxon community. The " chase " is very exciting, no doubt, to the huntsmen, hut how about the thing chased? Where should one draw the line? The pursuit of the "noblest animal man " must lie most exciting of all. It is love of the game as well as the pay which makes detectives, moucharda, and informers human bloodhounds, who do not cease their work till their victims are 011 the scaffold. 1 return to the camp and look around. Never have I seen such beauty ! The arm is apparently landlocked, rocky mountain har riers in every direction, 110 landing-place except the little Hat at the entrance of the creek; lieyond this there is faintly de fined in the shadows the gully through which it runs. The beach where we have pitched our tent is hut 20 yards wide. The moun tains are above and around us. There is a splashing and dashing and roaring of a doken waterfalls from the heights above. They stand out sharp and clear—these monarchs of the sky. Leaning Peak opposite, that strange crag which is a landmark to the shepherds fur away 011 theJlManipori Plains; the Cathedral Peaks, faintly suggestive, with their fretted outlines, of the poem in stone" at Milan; and Spire Peak far lieyond. Four to six thousand feet is the altitude of these ; hut there ore scores of unnamed hills. One dividing the two bays in the west arm 1 cluiBten Argus Point. When the moon shines out and gilds the summits of snow, and the shadows fall on the dark water, mirroring everything above, it is Doresque in its weird mixture of light and shade. Our lire shines briskly, casting deep shadows in the birch trees above. A Maori hen attempts to run off With our chops, but is chased away by Mick. Afar off Sb heard the cough-like note of the grebe. Then the kiwi commences. There are two varieties of this bird, the large and small, and they have different notes. Again there is the cry of the kakapo, and other strange noises of which Henry cannot tell me the origin. Mick 'excitedly /plunges into the darkness; and.shortily returns with a imkopoi'aljeautifnlpluihagedbird.largest of $he jJaraht tribe.'' Xt;is' nocturnal,' u fruit .eater, and 4oes nut fly. It isnot bad eating, hut is remarkable in that it„■ crushes and chews its food. - Naturalists tell jib that hints, ih default of teeth with which to mas ticate their food, are provided, with a, "jstrqng muscular BtontacHi*' wmihonjy: called agiz Izard. Into this they takekahdor atones to assistin the'proceas pfdigestton. Ostriches and emus prefer jfc fcw^nces of tenpenny •rtajjs when procurable - The roos in. Ins -day wlhich Mtonld^ tirom ihundiin 4im<v These ^mfahytoiid l ever shekrd of-4t ha»po use »rr- *• r1"-.',, f\ ■ . ■ 4 ,. .jjp for a gizzard. Oh thfetiftdet partof its upper bill there is a horny serrated subatance against which the food is thoroughly crushed and chewed before being swallowed. Henry tells me of this, and opens the craw of the one Mick has just captured, and surely there is nothing there but digested food. Another curiosity of animated nature I am told 1 shall find here, and that is that the beautiful crested grebe digests itg food by the aid of feathers, with which ita gizzard is always lilled, without the slightest trace of sand or stones. I long to see the wingless, hairy bird the kiwi, which liyes in holes, is nocturnal, and is seldom seen alive. All night long the cries of this birdare heard arouna the camp. All night long Mick is in pursuit, hut is baffled in the tangled hush These other strange cries, too? Are they from the mysterious tahia, hut very ,few specimens of which have been obtained, or does the ghost of the moe wail over its old home? An Irish gentleman, who I dare say believes in the banshee, of a family renowned for its hardihood and valour, was here with the party before-mentioned. He tells me that the unearthly nocturnal cries at Speyburn were enough to make one's flesh creep. To me they only recall memories o£ tropical forests, and I pass into dreamland tropical iorests, and 1 pass into dreamland with the noise of the falling waters ringing in my cars, and am young once more. Allt3 years have dropped away, and I stand-on the Terrapin tower overlooking Niagara's flood. I am awakened in the morning by Henry's calling my attention to two long fat eels which he has caught with night lines. They are broad in proportion, and- many pounds in weight. With the exception of a small minnow and a mussel, the eel is the only thing which lives in these waters, unless down in its depths some water monsters, long extinct elsewhere, may yet exist The lake eels grows as large as any conger; they are to be seen cruising about the weeds at the bottom of the water, and are easily " gaffed." If one wants sport, be can have it with the playful and Blippery eel of ManiporL When • you have speared liim, and got Mm into the boat, the fun commences. It is a battle royal for a time; it seems as if the eel had got you. He squirms all about, gives you a slap in the face with his tail which half stuns and nearly knocks you overboard, twists round your leg with a grip like that of an anaconda, and when at last you manage to insert your knife in the spinal cord, and find the vital spot, the blood spurts over you, and, sanguineous and slimy, you feel as if you had slain a mighty lightly enemy. Properly skinned and boned, slightly salted, and dried in the sun, or smoked over a wood lire, the lake eel is a great delicacy, and worth all the trouble afore said. Some people will not eat them, calling them water snakes, which is absurd. New Zealand is like Ireland and Iceland, it possesses no snakes. Tropical New Cale donia likewise is free from these reptiles, as is also Fiji, according to books of travel. But 16aw a fine collection of carpet snakes caught on the mountains of Ovalau. The natives are very frightened of them, hut they are perfectly harmless, and in olden time were considered delicacies, a dish of 100 snakes being indispensable at the installation rai-bose of any great chief. But those were the days when stewed baby was a standing dish, and roast missionary a luxury fondly sighed for, -as in spite of the bloodthirsty character given to the men of Viti, only one missionary was ever killed, and that was by ignorant Namosi savages, who stewed him, elastic-side boots and all, and wondered much at the toughness of the white man s feet. There are no snakes and no mosquitoes here, hut here is a sandfly; and now 1 rejoice in the possession of the veil bought on Dr. Bobertss recommendation. The sandfly of New Zealand is a small black unobtrusive insect. He doesn't make a noise or fues about his work like a mosquito, he doesn't make day and night hideous with the herald ing of his approach, but he proceeds quietly and modestly to business, making him; self felt in due time. He is especially fond of the delicate small veins around the wrists, and makes long cloth gloves or mittens desirable, besides a veil for the pro tection of the face or neck. The sandfly, however, is generally%o intent upon his work that he permits himself. to be killed without any effort, far other than the wily mosquito, who will often defy all your efforts to have his blood in exchange for what lie has taken of yours. The sandfly, too, has another very good point. With toe setting of the sun he ceases his labours; au contratre, he is a v$ry early riser, and he lias, sufficient sense, to sleep in your tent ready for the morning's work. The bite of this insect, however, although annoying, is a trifle compared with that of the mosquito. Life of every kind around the lake is limited; at the head or the west and north arms animals there are none, the rabbits not having scaled toe mountain ranges; as they haven't got here it is a sign theharrier is impassable. But or, birds there is a fair assortment; the thou sands of round holes on toe beach show were the kiwi has beeripeckangforhis mea. of grubsduring the night rtoere is toe trace of the kakapo, and afiother hrrgc some unknown bird. The kaka, the oral nary parrot, is occasionally Seeh, and high up in the mountains Is the' kia, that strange species of the 'parrot which from being vegetarian has become daintily carnivorous, and kills hundreds of sheep through digging holes in their vitals, m search of the loved kidney fat I shall hear more, ot this bird around Wanaka, where he is mos® numerous,and at his worst. At nighta,8^! owl, like tiie Australian " morepork is heard and froin some of toe lagoons there is the cry of uspecies of bittern. By 1 the perpetual twitter and song of the toi ana. the mofco, Answering eafch other. The fonjwt is a small black bird .called, from da white throat,'the parson lnrd; the latter is ofa more delicate green. There is a large woott something like toe wonga, of.a robin, ate all- the forest birds . i were.- under especial chaise taking us, as it were, under t . it perches on our tent, eats bread-crumbs, mutton' fat, und developes a partiality for :eels. In time It will learn to take crumbs Trom one's hand. • l have held out luygun, , and carried one perched) oh the barrel The trustfhl confidence which the robin reposes ni man is never abused.- : But unlike its Eug j iish namesake; there is'nevermore toautsoe | arouiid'ouroampor uiour marches. Should nnothM-appearatis immediately.drivenaway by thefirst comer. ■ '->■/,? ;;l - --■ fly of lasted ears, bronze head, eyes like fire, and , white breast, winch slimes afar ff" ,"heSStorf the tote. The, will t 11 r but at the least alarm dive for hundreds of yards. One must have a ««nd cun to ikill these—a pea nfle, perhaps, Snuld be best It takes some time to get accustomed to shooting on the water as the SSKSSJ ££& ^ *32 Kl '^smHenry. but it falls a \tcttm. Some ifmes we see a few black swans come sailing Sone majestically, turning their necks in BPrnentine curves. They bear down on our fZt wondering what this strange thing lie But their curiosity does not lead Ihem within easy range. They fly when S,er are 60 yards ofl, and although the «nirit of mischief or sport induces me Z give them both barrels, a few; feathers Bettered on the surface of the lake is the ^Xresult I would not have minded killing it but I am sorry to think that the poor bird will have a rheumatic pain in its wing this winter which it will not be able to account for These swans have been imported from Australia; common there, they here justify ♦he old Latin proverb. On the banks of the streams flowing into the lake another curious Lird will lie met with, the- mountain or blue Kncb This does not fly, is reputed to rercli on trees, and otherwise passes its life among the stones of the creeks of which it is the exact colour, and except for its red head, it will easily be passed »,v So much for the fauna. The flora of the Idces is principally composed of birch forest, with pines scattered amongst it There is a dense underscrub; there is ironwood, mapou, crasstree. the oiltree, succulent and nutritious food for cattle, but which the rabbits have destroyed in other parts of the country. There are nameless flowers, shrubs with sweet perfume: the useful manuka in abun dance ; flax, of course, everywhere, and an endless variety of ferns and mosses covering even- fallen trunk and hanging down in great clusters from the trees. There is only one deadly thing, the tutu, which occasionally is found growing on the shores. Many days may be passed on the banks of Manipori, camping in the different arms, exploring the creekB which run into them, with their many rapids and sinuous courses. In low water the easiest travelling is along the l>ed of the streams, for the bush itself is nearly impenetrable. Everywhere there are tangled masses of " windfalls" pile upon pile rotten with age, covered with moss similar to what one finds in the forest of British Columbia. I only miss the giant trees above. One will find traces of the first explorers' camp, and often on the banks of a creek a footprint will astonish yon as much as one did Robinson Crusoe. But in this soft yielding moss tracks will remain for years. Yon may investigate Bome of the waterfalls, deep ravines in the hills, falling in slides of hundreds of feet into deep basins, thence tumbling and tossing hundreds of feet more into gorges below—every rock worn into a different shape, the waters foaming and laughing with life, bounding joy ously into the lake, whence after a term of probation, they will Join the Waiau, and on to the sea. We sail or row on Manipori, some times the surface like glass, every peak and crag, and bush, and shade of colour of cloud, gky, and land reflected therein; sometimes the white waters furious as those of the sea. Life and colour, light and shade, every where, ev idences of the gigantic upheaval in times gone by, evidences in the scarred faces of the mountains of great avalanches which have swept their course through bush and forest hot much level land to. be found, though here and there, in the delta of a creek, are little savannahs where the grass is thigh deep, or sometimes well-defined grassy roads, trades swept through the bush by some torrent; charming avenues which lead no where but to impenetrable scnib. At the end of Monument Ann there is the largest amount of cleared land. The monument itself is a hill, merely 1,500ft. high; but it stands out as a landmark at a distance, and only when you are near it you recognise its insignificance. To those who are fat and scant of breath, like myself, it is a sharp tug to the summit, but .once there a splendid 'view of the islands which dot the surface of the lake is obtained. Gamock Bnrn runs Into this, and there is another small stream, up whicn you sail for 100 yards, and you are in a little lake or lagoon. Neither this nor " the Pirate's Den" is marked on the maps. I christen the former the " Moa's PooL" It Is just the sort of place where that giant bird would take his tiath. supposing he were of cleanly habits, and afterwards he could'have a run on the savannahs, naturally-defined paddocks dose at hand. A few cattle have found their way up Garnock Burn to this retreat, and here they live in a state of .nature, free from all chance of the brand or the butcher. , A few days of such a life as this make one a different pian. There is health and hap piness sailing on the waters ; there is health and happiness tramping on the beach, gun in hand, accompanied by the faithful Mick. Once, however, he proves faithless. I had •walked round the Moa's Pool, mid shot at nothing, greatly to Mick's disgust, so he left one to superintend the erection of the tent, and when I came to retrace ray steps Mick had gone. He would alwara lead one. straight back, or in ' /by the path by whidh yon came I was nearly bushed amongst the great flax dumps, -end had a bad quarter of an hour before I struck the Btream. What a Robinson Crusoe look our camp always bad—the tent, the great fire, the game hung round, eels smoking. blankets luring on oars, the boat on the beach, and the darknill and forest back ground—and 1 shall ever remember this with pleasure. And I shall also remember with astonishment how I appreciated the cookery of Henry, who althongh he is totally ignorant of the uses of cayenne or lemon,yet provides rae toothsome^hnnters' fare. But the sixth day out, on which "young Bob" was to bring 'the horses for me, soon arrives, and bar moon we sail onr boat into Surprise Bay, ana thence into the river. The sail through the bubbling waters nt the entrance ofthe waiau River is rather ©tot ing. The current harries ua along rapidly, but once beneath the high banks the stream Is calm though swift. Now; tire ,'cbme on a -man anfl ^ ghimlnn m ttmv^toV-^icking RdpJessIyi ^ rim tore* - jhwatds^e^tok And peer down htothfewatet^efc the spot where a for n~~" Indignity of bOipg away, wlita we are still more astonished, to see the teal reappear 30 yards on the other aide of I the boat, sorely disabled, bat stall swimming away gamely. It takes the contents of another barrel to finish him, and even then he has several good kicks left as he lies at the : bottom of the boat. It is now 1 o'clock, and the horses should be here to meet us. The waggon is there on the bluff, where it was left six days ago, but there is no resnonse \- * 'l * ,v uiu wo-ee." But the reverberation here, as all around the lake, iB most clear and distinct, and is repeated time after time, dying away far j up the mountain gorges. We boil our billy j on the Bands and nave lunch. Still no reply to our calls. Then Henry suggests we had better unload the boat and carry the cargo up the cliff, saying that he knowB of a nice easy place, where there is " a regular stairs,' mnpli 1u>f+n« +!%-%*•. — \- - ' - v—io a. icguiur Htairs, muchbetter than where we came down, it is cold and damp below, and I put oh my thick ulster and sling my bag round my neck 1 liavea few minutes of as tough climbing as ever fell to my lot, backwards and for wards, fly-like, along the face of the bluff, holding on bytrees and bushes, "the stairs" consisting of jutting stones or roots wet and slimy by constant dripping from above. , ^ several very awkward places in which, if one slipped, a broken neck might not be the consequence, but one would cer tainly be badly hurt. But my foot is as firm as that of a mountaineer; upward I climb. Still, when I reach the top, I am glad to cast off my coat and throw myself panting upon it for a few moments' breathing spell. Then I look down, and am astonished at the steep ness of the hundred and odd feet I have climbed. However, my nerve is go good, I feel I could do it again, but I restrain the im pulse. When I landed in New Zealand I certainly could not have scaled this height without a , considerable amount of that stiffening of the Binews and summoning up of the blood colloquially described as "pulling oneself together," which causes a considerable ex penditure of nerve force. Now, although I am scant of breath, I have come up the bluff , side literally as if it had been a stair. What | a glorious, renovating, health-giving climate this is, even in the present cold season! I feel young once more; my hand is steady, my nerves strong; I can shoot as straight and true with gun or pistol as most men. I can digest mutton and " post and rail" in fusion, when in Melbourne 1 was living on beef-tea and bread and milk And it is not three weeks since I landed .at the Bluff! As I stand here astonished at the change in myself, I long to pro claim to the people of the colonies and ] all the world, Come to New Zealand and j be rejuvenated. Come and sleep under a tent on a manuka bed, whilst the wind howls 1 without. Live in the open air, fare simply, as I do, and accumulate a sufficient stock of health to last you for another 50 years of civilisation, with its spring beds, Chablis and fried oysters, lager beer and skittles." I have come to the conclusion that it is what are known as the comforts of life which kill us ; off young. I vow a vow of rigid abstinence ! from luxury—for the present Mounting a | knoll, I look far over the Manipori Plain for | the horses, whilst Henry brings our cargo up , his "easy stairs." He is net by any means one of the Anakim, but his half dozen journeys, bearing, various burdens, is a task for one of the strongest of men. There is the tent, there our bundles of blankets, two | " tucker " boxes, bags, billies, gun, sticks, and game—red and black teal, blue duck, pigeon, kakapo, and grebe. If any future | tourists should employ Henry, I caution them not believe in his easy paths " By the time we have all our belongings on the Bluff, and | the boat is safely moored, there being no sign of the horses, it becomes evident that I must spend another night camped out This is a beautiful spot, however. The Waiau flows l»eneath, here broad and placid, there swift and tnrbnlent On the other side high banks and birch forest to the water's edge Wood and hill are mirrored on its surface. The variations in the foliage give a charm never met with in Australia. The river itself is most lovely, it is as like an American stream as can be, and I am strongly j reminded of one spot, very, very dear to me, on the Roanoke. Beyond is the lake; the islands which I now know so well; the wooded heights of the Beehive, and the snow tipped Cathedral peaks, behind which the son is setting. On one side are the TakitinioB, stern, rugged, forbidding; before ine the fern-covered plain, bordered in the distance by the high land of Te Anau Downs, and dotted with clumps of birch and manuka. It is my last camp in the open around Lake Manipori, and it will be long, very long, before I hare such a charming resting place , again. The scenery cannot be surpassed, still there are drawbacks at this camp. The ferns and peaty gronnd are wet and damp, and there is no shelter on this upland. 1 light the fire, whilst Henry pitches the tent. He means to tramp to his hat to-night, some four miles off, intending to catch his horse fint thing in the morning and bring it to me to ride in, shonld the other animals not turn np. After a cup of tea he makes up his swag, and tramps ofi through the fern, taking a star for his guide. Previously, however, we arrange that Mick shall be sent back to me first thing with a written message. He has a trial to-night. Henry has been gone perhaps 20 minutes, and I am writing, when at fall speed the dog rushes into the tent witha pieceofpaperinhis mouth. I take it from, and reward him with a slice of mutton. When he has bolted this I gave him another piece of paper, and send him to rejoin his master, ana he disappears in the darkness witha waving tail and swelling crest, his heart evidently full of pride at having performed his mission, and his epigastrom comforted by the mutton. I expect Mick early in the morning. The memory of that mutton will not fade. There is darkness all around, a few stars only are visible, the wind iB howling, a deep loneliness pervades this solitude, f don't expect any callers to-night, as my nearest neighbour'is the shepherd at Monnt York, seven mites away, so I will torn into my blankets and. sleep till morning. 