SHu (Sascitc. Published oh Wednesday and Satuhday Fidet el Justilia. WEDNESDAY. OCTOBER 3,1883. One swallow does not make a summer. The philosophy that generalises from oue particular experience is rot re liable. But sometimes a Bingle item of knowledge comes to our perception with a force sufficient to compel nn ah vno disce omnes and iustantaueous belief. The fact is so' clear, the im pression it makes is so deep, that no further experiment is needed, and we accept as law that, givon at any future time similar circumstances, a similar result must follow. Frequently this journal has called attention to the un wisdom of continuing to bury our dead in a spot around which population is rapidly closing. There is nothing eerie in living near a graveyatd ; ghosts do not trouble oitr material matter of fact •world; "we fear the deal-only for ■ sanitary reasons. After the spirit has gone from the body, modern science warns us that the inanimate clay is , capable of doing unconscious mischief j to surviving " dual existences," and to i free ourselves from these possibilities ] it behoves tib to have our burying 1 places far away from population cen-1 tres. Science canuot be lepndiated. We have Pasteur's wonderful obser vations of parasitical development, and Dr. Koch's no less remarkable investi gations in tubecular bacillus, and to these are now added the work of a South American 6avant, DrDominigos f'rsize, who has discovered in the blood of yellow fever patients a characteristic parasite, or cryptococus, which he has named zanthgenicus. According to the New York Tribune, Dr. Freize has described this parasite's phases of de velopment in an official report, which has been received at the State Depart ment in Washington, and he says it appears as minute points, or " cells with grayish or fringed margins, and bright transparent centres," and oc casionally as " granulations aggre gated in a yellowish matrix." The infection of a gramme of blood charged with these organisms into the veins of a rabbit was followed by death in a quarter of an hour. The blood of the rabbit was thbn found to contaiu the cryptococcus, and the injection of a gramme of it into a guinea-pig was also followed by death. The blood of the pig swarmed with this microscopic parasite, and a second guinea pig when inoculated with it died iri"U short time, its own blood being shown on ex amination to contain tho'sanie charac teristic organisms in profusion. These experiments, if confirmed, will rank in importance with the investigations of Koch and Pasteur in establishing the parasitic nature of diseases. But we learn still moro. As wo find it de scribed in The Medical News, earth was taken by the doctor from the grave of a man who had been buried a year; a guinea-pig was Bhut up in a confined space with this earth; on the fifth day the animal died, and its blood was found to be literally crammed with the cryptococcus in various stages of evolu tion. This result bears a close corres pondence to M. Pasteur's observations respecting splenic fever, for he ascer tained that sheep became infected with the disease when pasturing on giound where sheep which had died of it had been buried. Dr. Freize regards cemeteries in yellow fever countries as the perennial foci of the disease. If this conclusion be well grounded, it will furnish a 6trong argument not only for quarantining cemeteries, but for cremation in general. If the pre sence of a handful of earth from the grave of a yellow fever patient be suf ficient to inoculate a guinea-pig with the characteristic parasiteof the disease and to cause death in a few days, it becomes a serious question whether the burial of the victims of the disease ought not to be prohibited and crema tion be substituted for it. We have assumed that the earth which contained the yellow fever germs was taken from the grave of a victim of that disease. If it was taken at random from any grave, without reference to the specific cause of death, the conclusions in re gard to cemeteries as breeding places of parasitic diseases would be greatly en larged. (To he continued.) Wesleyan.—The services were acci dentally loft out of last Gazette. To-day they appear in full. Meeimuula.—Captain Turner writes briefly:—"Insert P. J. Clinch as agent at Merimbula instead of A. T. Gibson." Tasmania.—This is October 3, and the Tasmanian S. Co's. time table for the month has not yet been received. Bega Spuing Races : to-day. Schu bach at the Gate; Dow in charge of Stand; cards of the race can be boughton the course. Match.—Bixon against Bixon.—Mr. Win. Rixon has matched his horse " Doc tor Donovan " to trot a mile with a horse of Mr. James Bixon's; £20 a side, to-day. ACCIDENT.—One of the triplets, Isaac Backhouse, a little fellow about 9 years old, went magpie nest-exploring on Sun day, fell from the tree and broke one of his arms. More Blood.—Mr. James Hayden has secured for the season what is described as one of the handsomest of Yattendon's stock. Pedigree given in advertisement this day, Pic-nic.—Bega tradesmen and me chanics had a meeting on Saturday to arrange for a pic-nic on November 9, or other suitable day. £12 were handed iu towards expenses, and a meeting is to be held at the Club Hotel on Saturday, when a Committee will be formed, and the affair organised. vLand Office, Eden.—At the land sale on Wednesday, 2Cth instant, 21 acres of land at Panbula on the southern shore of Merimbula Lake, and left bank of Bald Hills Creek, was purchased by Mr. Simon Gordon of Wolumla, at the rate of £7/1/0 per acre.—There was no solections taken up on the 27th instant. Mit. and Mrs. Keightley took their de parture from Moruya for Albury on last Wednesday afternoon, a number of their friends accompanying them in buggies out of town. The Moruya ladies gave Mrs. Koightlojw a bracelet and address, and the gentlemen entertained Mr. H. M. Keightley at a banquet. Tin Work.—Not long ago, Mr. E. Parsons sent away six gross of miners' lamps to Newcastle. By the aid of some ingenious machinery invonted by his bro ther, Mr. Parsons can manufacture these lamps at a remunerative price, and under sell the Newcastle tinsmiths. The lamps were consigned to a wholesale house at Newcastle, "Lands."—Considering the order of intelligence that works in the •' other office," as we do not expect much we are never disappointed. His land sale report had only two orrors. " Lot A., B.. C., ctc," gives no information. The blocks are numbered on the mop, therefore the Gazette gave the numbers of the blocks sold. Our report refors you straight to tho map. Half AsLEEr!—*' I never," wrote a young lady to a fi-iend, " go to church or lecture but I am half asleep, and I never know afterwards what the sermon or lec ture was about" It was a plain ease of nervous lethargy, produced by went of action of the liuer and she writes : "How intelligant and bright oro sermons and lectures now, and how glorious the world we live in i6' Hop Bitters are indeed a( blessing to me." Notico, Bricks is coming out of "his shell. A ■ whole column of Ailightfuily written Police nows on Saturday. Quite o " flash" report.^ j fiiE Sophia Ann.—Yesterday after- j noon about 20 residents wet the Messrs Jennings at the Commercial Hotel to hear 1 about the prffposnl to put the steamer ifito the Tathra trade. Soveral large shlppora were not present, and it w<w agreed to hold another meeting ut Underbill's largo room to-morrow nt 8 p.m. Mr. Jonnings showed that the beat would pay, and that it would bo to the interest of every one to support her. Simons.—-The Profossor has loft a local tempest behind him. Bricks is exercised considerably, and had a lot to say on Saturday, spitefully introducing tho iinines of a couple of gentlemen whom ho thinks thiiH to nnnoy. He was not at the lecture, and all ho knows is from hearsay. Wo are informed that the Be v. Mr. Wooil house publicly dragged the names of the 6amo two gentlemeu into his Sunday morning permon at the Wesloyan Church, and that tho Vicar ma do an assault on the enemy's camp. Monouhe Daniel Conway. — Tho works of this writer arts rather expensive for popular purchase. If they can be had in Sydney the price of " Demonology and Devil-Lore" will be about 30s.; "A! Necklace of Stories" 7s. Gd.; "The Wandering Jew " 7s. 6d.; " Thomas Gai> 1 lyle " 7s. Gd.; " Sacred Anthology " 13a. 6d.; "IDmereon at Home and Abroad" 12s. 6d.; " Travels in South Kensington " I3s. 6d.; " Idols and Ideals " 7s. 6d. Local Work.—On Saturday Messrs. Oommens and McDonald finished a hand some showy-looking coach to tho order of Mr. J. Underhill, who has named the vehicle " Rob Boy," and placed it behind a unicorn team on- the Dega and Tathra passenger line. The new coach is licensed to carry 8; wheels hiokory, under car riage ash; strong yet easy springs; roomy boot; luggage rack behind. The inside passengers are protected by a canopy fitted with first class American cloth curtains, and the seats are cushioned with the sumo sort of material. Cost about £60. W. Neilley.—This person is the re puted owner of a paper called the Ikga Standard. Mr, has been a subscriber to tho Gazette for twenty years. On Sa turday Mr, called to pay his sub scription, and said that Neilley had for a long time been* tormenting him to give up the Gazette and take the Standard, and he thought he would now have to 44 give him a turn." The loss of a subscriber does not vex us, although wo always re gret to erase the name of an old friend from eur subscription list; but we have no language to express our contempt for touting, " side-wind," corkscrew news paper policy. Error. — " Lunacy" nearly describes Gazette editor's state of mind when that usually careful personage read in Satur day's paper, " Mr. E. A. Scarvell, a woll known sailer died, etc." Years ago (he editor first met the late Mr. Scarvell, who was then about 23 years of ago. All who knew him expected he would rise in his profession; his attainments were solid, and he could speak, but ambition for pub lic life never tilled him. Mr. Dalley once spoke o: him as oue whose talents would adorn the Bar and do credit to the Bench Of late Mr. Scarvell was a member of the legal firm of Want, Jobtason and Scarvell. After a long illness he passed over at the early age of 47 years. Miss Caeky Nelson.—At Cooma ou Thursday night last which was to have beon the opening night for Miss Nelson's troupe, soveral townspeople, including the Police Inspector's family, wended their way to the School of Arts/to witness the entertainment. Tho door.® were open ed and 60me of the seats ha<?rbeon occu pied, when the Sorgent sauntered up ask ed if the troupe had a travelling license and on the non-production thereof, smil ingly somewhat after Deacon Skinner's happy stj'le informed McFavden that the " play could not purceed " Mac. protes ted, but Sergeant was obdurate,—still smilhng—and tho money had to bo re turned. The performance how ever came off on Friday night, and will bo repeated ' to-night-.—Express. j, . Eijk.n";—What Liverpool is to Lancas hire, Bristol to Gloucester and Somerset, Plymouth to Devonshire and Cornwall, Southampton to tho sourthern counties. Eden should be to the electorates of Bega and Monaro. A vessel is loading wool at Newcastle, direct for England; why " should not Monaro wool and tons of Be^a ; butter go straight from Eden to the j world's markets ? No roason why not, | except the difficulty caused by the absence of quick and cheap moans of reaching the i P?rt from all parts of this and adjoining I districts. Many sources of wealth await development. Within 40 miles of us we navo limestone, elate, some say coppcr, and perhaps other mineral riches that wili never be worked with advantage until the district is tapped by a .railway that will lead to the natural port, Eden. Tathra is useful, noarly all the year round, for the shipment of heavy goods, but the passen ger traffic is largely developing, and it generally happens that when someone is very anxious to embark at Tathra, an easterly gale comes up, and the steamer cannot call.—Com. 