ANOTHER FREE SELECTORS' CON FERENCE. Mr. John Gale, Chairman of the New South Wales Land-Law Reform Association, has addressed a circular through us to the secretary of the Free-Selectors' Association, Cootamundra, inviting a representative to be sent to a preliminary convention of delegates from associations in the southern districts of the colony to be held in Gunning (not in Sydney) at 10 a.m. on Tuesday, 14th instant (Tuesday week), for the following pur poses : — ' (1) To fix the date and place of holding a General Conference of delegates from all the associations throughout the colony ; (2) to draught an outline of business paper for the conduct and proceedings at the General Conference ; (8) to devise steps for securing a thoroughly representative character for the General Conference ; and (4) to arrange^ ? all matters which may be deemed essential'to the success of the Conference.-'' The Chairman (Mr. Gale^ta^kes this course in lieu of exercising the authority given him at the close of the conference in October, 1882, when a resolution was passed ' that the conference do now adjourn until such time as the chairman shall deem it advisable to call the delegates together.' The matter is of importance ; and, should C '^ the free selectors of the district desire to be represented at the preliminary meeting at ?j Gunning, they have no time to lose, as the ^J notice is short. The local branch of the association, we regret to say, is dormant. But there is no reason why it should not be resuscitated for the purpose of the approach ing conference and the intelligent discussion of the principles of the future land laws of the country. We should be happy to place before them, if re- organised, Messrs. Morris and Ranken's report and all the diagrams* and maps connected therewith, their rejected conclusions, and other information which we have at our command to permit of full and intelligent discussion of the matter. It is to be hoped that the coming con ference will avoid the mistake made by former ones — that of adopting a dictatorial spirit towards public men and the Govern ment. Such conferences might be very * serviceable in suggesting proposals for embodiment in the country's legislation ; but they lose their influence when the delegates go to a minister of the crown or to Parliament or to a candidate for political representation, and say : ' This sort of law ' we want, and must have : it is perfection ; ' and unless you adopt it, we will not support ' you !' In assuming an attitude' of this kind, ? they are setting up for themselves an improper position, and they become dicta torial ; instead of trying to gain considera tion for their platform by the force of .reason. ♦ ? The Hon. W. B. Dalley is reported to have said at Kiama (the scene of his famous ghost speech), 'We,' meaning the Ministry, ^ ' shall strongly discourage that particular ' form of legal speculation which consists ' in bringing actions for libel and receiving ' heavy damages against newspapers when ' they have been simply engaged in pro tc tecting the public.' There is no other man in Parliament better qualified than Mr. Dalley to deal with legislation bearing upon freedom of discussion whether in the Press or on the platform ; and if he will deal with the question of remodelling our laws on Libel, he will earn the lasting gratitude of the country. We suffer not so much from bad judges as from bad laws — laws which ' belong to the dark ages. / a 