(From Our Own Correspondent). August 27. | The vermin Act appears to most Dis- ! ; trict Councils to be incomprehensible, andr | it certainly is not known how the money i is ,to be raised for carrying out the ob | jects of the Act, the ordinary revenue j being cei-tainly not available fur the pur- : . pose ; neither do I think it is really ne- ; cessary that any expense, from whatever ; source, should be incurred here ; tne only 1 vermin we have are a few brushers, and these are so scarce within the limits of the j Council that a man uiay ride throughout ' the district and not see half a dozen ; it j ssetns therefore' only a Waste of public | money to offer a reward for the destruc ; tian of vermin in a district where they are 1 naturally dyiugo u t' o i- >retiri ng furthgr.into j the bush. * A 'sconipaoys.req^itly formed ' here for their destruction in the surrounding country outside the district . has, up to now, not turned ontv a success, : not owing to. the want of game, but rather to inexperience in going about the work ; this, no doubt, a little time will remedy, and I hear that a grand hunt is being : organised for the beginning of September,. j to come off in the neighborhood of Black- - i ford, which being so near to the tewnship j ' (within eight or ten miles), will ensure a 1 goodly number of amateur hunters being present, and I trust will give an upward . . tendency to the shares of the Company. j | Active preparations are now being made j ! by the Kingston Dramatic Club for an . entertainment to take place on Monday 1 ; evening next, in aid of the Institute funds. ' ; Tli& piece selected is "Aggravating Sam," ] in two acts, and I believe from the names ' ! of the performers and the amount of care . ! taken in rehearsals, that something quite ; superior to the usual run will be the I i result, . i For some time past much annoyance ; has been caused by a number of petty j thefts being perpetrated in the neighbor : hood, and 1 notice at the Post- office that i a reward of £10 is offered for such evi dence as will lead to the conviction of the ! offenders, who are pretty well known, but : up to the present time evidence has not I been forthcoming strong enough to s':eet : any charge. Many persons have a curious .idea that it is dishonorable to give evi dence that will convict a thief, and it is » o be hoped that those who profess to kno w. the offenders, but will not come forward i to perform a public duty, may be the next i victims. Ths old dodge of a ghost or two I roaming about the township is bring circulated, and 1 am credibly informsd has the effect of leaving a clear field for the rogues to work in. Verily there is work 1 at Kingston for the schoolmaster besides teaching ratepayers liow to record their"' votes. ? The Day Dawn cleared on Saturday with a cargo of 4,459 bags of wheat, supposed to be for South Africa. Amongst steamer news I hear that the Flinders will take the place of the Emu - in the South-East trade, the former vosa^l having too great a draught of water for those ports ill the summer. " It in also reported that Police-trooper Hayes is about to be removed to the . Mount. He is generally spoken of as an i efficient and able officer, but having been here a few months-long enough to know ! something of the characters of the inhabi- ; tauts-it is, I presume, thought desirable j that he should go on extending his know- I ledge of human character in another neighborhood. 