LOCAL AND GENERAL NEWS. CONDITIONAL PURCHASES. The undermentioned free selections were taken up at the land offices named on Thurs day last : — At Queanbeyan. — R. C. Rowley, 50 acres, parish Goorooyaroo, county Murray ; C. H. McKeachnie, 40 acres, parish Booroomba, county Cowley: George Gale, 40 acres,, parish Majura, county Murray ; Richard Wallace, 40 acres, parish Congwarra, county Cowley ; Saml.' l(aylon ... 40 acres, parish Carwoola, county Murray; Thomas Poorey, 194 acres, parish Canberra, county Murray ; A. W. Cunningham, So acres, parish Gigerline, county Murray. At Gundagai.-— Leah. Howe, 322 acres, Gobarralong. At Tumut. — Francis Joseph llourke, 40 acres, Bogong; William James Piper, 40 acres, Mundonga ; Thoma® Wilkinson, . 40 acres, Yallowin; Rachel McLennan, 415 acres, Killimicat. At Burrowa. — John Balgowan, 50 acres, Hovell ; McBean Bros., 50 acres, Bowning ; R. Balgowan, 40 acres, Nttmby; James Bal gowan, 40 acres, Numby. At Gunning. — James Howard, senior, 60 acres, Bunton; Jas. Clune, 100 acres, Grabbcn Gullen ; Alfred Noble, 60 acres, Cullarin. Mechanics' Institute. — Every time a company visits Yass, complaints are made with reference to the lighting arrangements of the otherwise well appointed hall of our institute. The fault is not found to be in the number, but in the quality ot the lamps from which the light is obtained, and as the hon. treasurer to the committee has a large balance to his credit, it is hoped some alteration will shortly be made, and " more light " diffused through the institution. Land Sale. — On to-morrow (Wednesday) the Crown lands agent will submit the follow ing land for sale by auction : — Sixty-nine acres two roods, county of King, parish of Bango, being a lapsed conditional purchase of John Smith. The improvements on this portion are valued at os. 6d. per acre, and the upset price is £2 5s. Burrowa Court-house. — We are pleased to notice that Mr. John Colls is the successful tenderer for the erection of the coitrt-housc at Burrowa. Sunday Trading. — Why break the Licett sing wy when you can procure a Qua Bottle W Bnglish Ale at Dodds' Hotel mr OnShil.— A'dv. 3 " New Books. — The Committee of the Yass ; Mechanics' Institute have received an addition of 250 volumes to their already valuable and extensive library, fhe new works, which, we understand, will be ready for issue during the present week, have been carefully selected by the book committee, and the announcement that they arc ready for issue will be gladly received by the reading members of the in stitution. Champion Pigeon Match. — New South Wales has secured the distinction of providing the champion pigeon shooters of the colonies in the person of Mr. Owen Friend, who wrested the prize of £ 100 and a trophy of the value of 10 from 4S other competitors at Melbourne on Thursday last. Mr. Friend shot 1 7 birds without missing one, his shoot ing being much admired by thosewho witnessed the match. Messrs Faithfull and Gannon, also New South Welshmen, shot t6 birds each, and Messrs McEvoy, and Murray, Victorians, came next with 10 birds each to their credit. \ Wacga Wagga Pigeon Match. — The com mittee appointed to make arrangements for the pigeon match, which is to be shot at Wagga Wagga, met at the Commercial Hotel last week, when it was decided to offer a prize of 200, with a sweepstake of 3 each, the winner of the match to receive gjioo with 50 per cent of the sweep added ; the date on which the match will be shot is not yet finally fixed. The prize is a most tempting one, and should, secure a large number of nominations, as the fee to know the handicap is only £1. We hope the Wagga Wagga Committee will lie as successful in their undertaking as the Yrass Committee were on the 24 of May last. The Member for Yass Plains. — Mr. T,. E. Heydon is determined that he will not cause any jealousy between the two principal towns in the electorate, and has consequently signified his intention of paying a visit to Gunning on Saturday next. With the view of bringing under the notice of their representative, the local wants of the Gunning portion of the con stituency, a public meeting was held last Thurs day at Lawliss' Inn. Mr. H. Snxby occupied the chair, while Mr. N. T. Collins was ap pointed to keep a record of the proceedings. It was arranged that Messrs. I-I. Saxby, W. R. Reynolds, A. S. Jones, W. Grovenor, W. J. Collins, D. Murray, and N. T. Collins act as a deputation to wait on Mr. Heydon, and bring under his notice the following matters which require attending to, viz. : — 1. The cancelling of such part of Nelango-strcet as runs through the recreation ground, the dedication of that reserve, and obtaining a grant for same. 2. Enlarging the public school 3. Fencing and improving the approaches to th'e post and tele graph offices, and a lamp fixeo. outside the same. 4. Having a quarry and gravel reserve gazetted. 5. Having water-tables l'id in Yass- street. 6. Ve.-.ting the town common in trus tees. 7. Water-supply for the -town! S. Im provement of road, Gunning -to -Grabbcn Gullen. 9. Proclaiming of road from Jerrawa Creek to Gunning, to. Establishing a plat form on the railway between Gunning and Jerrawa. 11. The dedication of a new general cemetery. 12. The dedication of a reserve for a racecourse. 13. Forming a new road from Gunning to the Yass River, via Lawliss' farm near the head of Jerrawa Creek. 14. The erection of a new lockup. The meeting also decided to entertain Mr. Heydon at a dinner on the evening of his visit, and as the tickets are fixed at the exceptionally low price of 7s. 6d. each, and with an influential and energetic committee, in whose hands the arrangements are left, the gathering will no doubt be a most successful one. The Bag Question. — A conference of delegates from the different Farmer's Unions was held in Sydney on Wednesday last, when it was resolved that a charge should be made for all bags and bales containing produce sold. The delegates also determined, on behalf of the Unions, not to sell produce through the auctioneers or agents unless such charges be paid, or the hags returned. The decisions arrived at by the conference were submitted to the agents, who decided not to make any alteration in the present rule, as they arc still of opinion that it is better for both producer and purchaser to sell grain, bags in. The disagreement is as far off solution as ever, and is not likely to be settled until concessions arc made by either one side or the other. Roaix to the Show Ground. — As the improvement committee of the Yass Muni cipal Council will probably report to the next meeting on the various matters referred to them on Tuesday last, the present is, therefore, most opportune for directing their attention to the wretched state of the road leading to the show ground of the Yass Pastoral and Agricultural Association. The road in question was formed some years ago, but the formation stopped about a chain from the entrance gate to the Society's ground, and\instead\of the cutting, which is about two feeUdeep, ueing sloped 'off, it was terminated abruptly making it very Sangerous to persons driving. The association hold their annual show on the 29th of next month ; and, as a large number of rate-payers use the road, the Council should finish the work commenced long ago, and make the road passable. Sale of Stud Sheep in Svdnev. — During the past week a large number of stud sheep, comprising consignments from the whole of the Australian colonies, California, and New Zealand, have been sold in Sydney. Notwith standing the increase in the number of sheep submitted, buyers were equally numerous, all parts of the colony being represented ; and, consequently, high/prices were obtainedA'The first lot submitted were the American' r'atiis, which averaged from 35 guineas to 3S5 guineas, the latter price' being paid ' by Mr. A. Town for the first animal offered. The' sales which commenced on, Saturday, the 14 instant were continued with unabated animation during the week, and among the purchases made the following will in future be located in the Yass and adjoining districts: — One ram at 105 guinea?, to Hon. R. Roberts, of Harden ; one at 23 guineas, to Mr. E. R. Grace, Gininderra, one at 20 guineas, to Mr. 15. R. Grace ; two at 21 guineas, to' Mr. Allen, Young; one at-.jo guineas, to Mr. 15. R. Cracc ; one' at 23,\one at 22, two at 15, one at iS, one at S, two at 2 1 guineas, to Mr F. Cowley ; one at 1 9 and one at 20 guineas, to Mr. Allen Young; one at 2S guineas, to Mr. 15. R. Grace ; two at 9, two at 8, two at 13, two at u, two at 10 guineas, to Mr. F. Cowley; two ht 9 guineas, to Mr. Allen; 4 at 13 guineas, ,to Mr. C. Marina, Moppity;. two at 10 guineas, to Mr. T. Hammond, Junee ; one at 13 guineas, to Mr. C. Marina; - two at 8, and two at ic guineas, to Mr. Hammond, two at 10 guineas and two at 15 guineas to Mr. F. Cowley; two at 11 guineas, to Mr. P. J. O'Donnell, Gundagai ; one at 15 guineas and one at 20 guineas, to Mr. IL Osborne, Bungendore ; one at 41 guineas, to Mr. Horseley, Gundagai ; one at 42 guineas, to Mr. Allen Young; one at 29 guineas, to Mr. Osborne, Bungendore ; one at 22 and 0112 15 guineas, to Mr. D. Robertson, Junee. — Stud Ewes. — two at 9 and four at 8 guineas, two at 9 guineas, to Mr. Drummond, Bookham ; 5 Rams at 6 guineas each, to Mr. O'Donnell, Gundagai ; Stud Ewes — two at 15 and two at 20 guineas, to Mr. Osborne. We hope to see some of the splendid animals enumerated above at the forthcoming show of the Y. P. and A. Association. Free Selectors' Association. — The hon. sec, of the Yass association has not been idle, as will be easily seen from the report in our last issue, of the meeting of the association held on Saturday last, when replies were read from most of the kindred societies in the colony, with reference to circulars issued witli a view of arranging another conference of delegates, prior to the introduction of the new j Land Bill. Mr. Gale, of Que.mbcyan, the-' Chairman of the last Conference, is of" opinion I that the proceedings on that occasion were ' only adjourned, and if such is the case, it only I remains for the honorary secretary of the ' Conference to again summon the delegates to- ' gether. Pending some reliable information a; to the proposals of the new bill, it would be \ useless to hold a Conference, as nr> doubt the ' bill is already framed, hut the Government might,- with very good grace, depart from the I usual course, and make the bill public with j the view of the clauses being calmly considered ! prior to the meeting of Parliament! Up to \ the present, even the stanch supporters of . the Ministry have not received the slightest clue as to the reforms to be provided, while j nearly all the associations have some scheme j which they think would mitigate, if not entirely j cure, the evils and abominations of the present : Act. All are, however, agreed that auction ! sales, improvement purchase;, mineral leases, ' and volunteer land orders should ho entirely , abolished, and some are radical enough to prefer the leasing to the alienating of all Crown lands, j The following is a copy of the 'Tweed River Progress Association; Manife .to : — " Manife : this association on the legislation necessary to check land monopoly and promote settlement. : 1\. Local hoards for the a l.nini -(ration of the ' Crown lands of each digri--.. rueh hoards ; 1 : be composed of five ntemV to he ole -ted by the parliamentary e!e--' refi ling h toe ; district, a clerk and also a s p v;. voi- to h: ;-.p. j pointed by the Govermn. '. s' a -si-: ..aG: board. Candidates for uil-.i'. .whip r.- he' occupiers of not less th m .p actves ,4" land within the district and iv-i L-.u there-. n. The members of the board t > . .t : .-i-.-ii ; to be paid certain fee; !' -r ' . 1 by rotation annually, an i ' eligible for re election ) the boards to a : ; stewar.L " of the publip estates within -Vi- -.q. -tiv. dis tricts on behalf of the G.-.vr -. .s. V. ; 1 h..v. the powerHo apportion rtr - '. n fi-.eo-.J with the rights of the .squatters, and the u-piiri- ments for closer settlement . >< >!'>:'. is; t,-.- of population, agricultural, pa : nil, mining, manufacturing, &c;, ami to pre ;er.t the Go vernment with an annual r; ;.> .-vt of the stale of the district ; to act as a bo.n .l of works and commissioners for immigration fur the district ; the board also to have the -powers of a land court, in which all doubts, complaints, or dis putes arising under or infringements 0/ the land laws shall be adjudicated upon, no appeal from the decision of such, land court to be per mitted, except to his Excellency the Governor. 2\. Leasing, in preference to selling, all Crown lands, other than " town " or " suburban no conditional leasehold (or improvements thereon) to be mortgageable, or be the subject of a bill of sale, or be liable to the satisfaction at law of any creditors' claim, other than the payment of rent, provided the lessee resides permanently thereon. On expiry of leases, the lessee to have the right of renewal on ade quate terms (to be determined by the local board). In the event of said lessee refusing to accept said terms, the incoming tenant to pay for improvements. Provision to be made in a new land law by which freeholders may, by voluntary surrender of their freeholds, become lessees of the same. 3. That all lands held from the Crown be used according to their capabilities, ceasing to be so used (except through casualties) to revert to the Crown with al1 improvements. 4. Security of tenure to present or future squatters over portions of their runs for different periods at adequate rentals.. 5. Survey, before occupation, of all holdings from the Crown. Applications for the leasing of unsurveyed portions of Crown lands (which may lie thereafter measured) may be received by the local boards, to be dealt with according to priority. Football. — A football match was played at Bowning on Saturday last, between the Yass and Bowning teams. The game was played under the Rugby rules, and as both sides were each " forced down" twice, the match was drawn. Some very good play was exhibited by both teams, but the Bowningites were at a disadvantage, as they practice the Victorian Association Rules. The Osborne Heresy Case. — Many of our readers, who have pleasant recollections of the sojourn of the Rev. Mr. Osborne in Yass, during the time he was in charge of the \Vcs- leyaAChurph in this circuit, will be pleased to hear t\pt the so-called charges of heresy pre ferred against him by the Metropolitan Dis trict committee have ended (as we predicted a few issues ago) in a " bottle of smoke." From a "resume" of the evidence given before the committee by some members of the York street Chapel congregation, it appears that what they supposed were heretical doctrines were nothing more or 1-e-ss than tho. teachings of pure Christianity without lite colouring of sectarian prejudice, and consequently '-was mis understood fiy a few fanatics, who interpreted the utterances in their own narrow minded way. At the close of the evidence, the Rev. gentleman, in a powerful and eloquent speech, declared his implicit belief in the Christian doctrines as held by the Methodist Church. The committee then " ate the leek," and passed the following resolutions : — " That after hearing Mr. Osborne's frank declaration of his belief in the Dietv of the Lord Jesus Christ, in His atonement for sin by His death, in. the Deity of the Holy Ghost, in the-qilenaryMn- spiytion-of the Holy Scriptures, , and in\lhe efficacy of prayer; haying, heard also his de claration of sincere attachment to Methodist doctrine generally as embodied in our acknow ledged standards, we cordially accept his statement ,as full and satisfactory. x At- the same time we regret Fiat his method"- of (pre senting the"se truths is" at "times so inexSit rts to produce the impression on the minds of some that he is erroneous in doctrine. 2. In refer ence to the sermon delivered in the York- street Church on Sunday evening, April 22, 1SS3, on Roman Catholicism, we are con- vinced that Mr. Osborne is sound in the doctrines of Protestantism, as held by the Methodist Church. Yet from the evidence we are satisfied that in the former part of his discourse he was so unguarded in his state ment as to appear to advance doctrines not in harmony with our standards. 3. That the president communicate the foregoing resolu tions to Mr. Osborne." Public Meeting. — The meeting of the in habitants of the town and district, convened by the Mayor on requisition, will be held this evening in the Hall ol the Mechanics' Insti tute, and as the subjects to be discussed are of 1 vital importance to the community generally, we hope to see a large attendance. The apathetic spirit displayed by Yassites in matters affecting the welfare of the town and district, is to a great extent the cause of so small a portion of the Government loaves and fishes being expended in this community, while other towns of far lev; imuortu-.c:,- than Yass are fat al. e.ul of u.» in improvements, and we hope a move in the right direction will now be taken and tiiat our leading townsmen will keep agi tating til! we arc connected by tram witli the Great Southern Railway, till a barrel drain is -t»b-- tii:F.-ed for the Government ditch in Coot.; 1 -street, a:.;! other matters of equal importanceaie arxu'mplbhed facts. The Minister mr Works slated at one of the banquets rc- -etit'.y given t-., the ;n:ni-'try in the coal dis tricts that the picmnl Government had a large and comprehensive railway policy to sub mit to parliament during the coming ses sion, and, such, being the case, we may, if we ask fo; it, ..-hortly have a line of light railway from Yass to lite railway station which would cause us to be tiansforined Irom " sleepy holiowites " to a thriving and pro sperous community, but if those who should take a leading part in matters of this kind are convent to run along in the same clogged groove, a.-.d net press their claims on the Goverhmem, w- c.mnu, grumble il \ve are left out in the colli. lyui: lous Riding.— -It would lie well if some of t!\c members of cur police force were to t .pie of seme of the youths who rid!.- r.l a furious pace round the street corners, ;-.s 1. alts; something is done to mitigate the evil, serious consc-queuiccs will ensue. Mr. Mute's lit -.ie daughter va:> L:u...kcJ down by uv; ul th.-ie wi'd tjiurfi'-u yesterday, but escaped without serious injury. A telegram t> the // Ian. yl Wagga, ThuV'-day re-pen.; . -.hi ii: : hut 1 'office to- | day, Y'ihLm Murtb -h r; fir a .s't-leolioii . ; 19'Na-ics. On '.'n. land age:.; putting the ' question, ' i« the land for \ urseif ? " he re- Mmd. V No : " at the -..mo t.n-.c unrh .ning li e umbof the pernon f. ' wh o-.i lie d_..u\d to : take it up. 'The lan-.! agent then took his | money, A.;; 10;., refusing to allow the applica tion until lie had git a reply from headqu irters. j boutl: .'vustraiia:: .eve.v.te i y: yea. ending , j une 30th ii-:- short df that Mr preceding . yetrby .C 14 8.000. f | Another artesian well struck in ;Li:;s j tra'.ia near -Snow-don, depth 162 foe! ; faooo ; gallons an hour. 1 ; \ i 'Tims Dudley of the Illawarrans : — ile\was astonished to hear Lhcni talk of their grievances and their wants. 'They had no grievance, ex cept perhaps loo great an abundance of all the | good things of life, hy which they were com forted, and they could have no want but that of sufficiently healthy appetite. New Zealand sheep who discuss poisoned oats do not die straight off. The jaws swell and their teeth decay. Prize winners at Intercolonial Ploughing Match- at Burrumbeet (Yic.) last week : — Class A, William Ross, single furrows, 90 points ; Class B, double furrows, j. B. Garde, 102; Class C, triple furrows, John Hulme, 92. ,-igv Mdrrison'sTirst New Guinea experience was the sight of the natives attendingdivino service-ail Ptrt Moresby on Monday in. full dress, which Consisted of an apron made of leavbsjjnd gras,s. Fiimm tiii: Old Would. — Amojic: tin Jinny specifics iutrn- ilucetl the public Mr the cure of dyspepsia, indigestion, do- r.iiigomeuts of various kinds, and as a general family medicine, none have met with .such genuine appreciation as. Hop Hitter. Introduced to this country Imt a comparatively sJitjri Wine since, \ to meet tlie great demand for a pure, safe, and parfcQt family j medicine, they have, rapidly increased in favour, ifu without question, the most popular and valuable Siedieiiy; 1 known. Its world-wide renown is not due to the advertising p 1 has reodved; it is famous hy reason of Lt.s inherent virtues. It ' does all that is claimed for it. It discharges lis ourativapi'DVs j without any tho evil effects of othciV bitfWs nr mcNfefiio j being pevfectlytfafojvnd harmless foq thA mosi, frail woman, ! .smallest, child, tlyd \Wakmt invalid to useAi-'eumre the homos ' indciur-vcro thereXdisvuvcry has not ulxcadyXecn hailed us a delnwreYund t\lcotX/ us a- friend. Jfrtfoeswhat others affect « d\\\\. ComjVtanfcf sitnplo materials, it is marvel of delicat® aito%sucees?WiVouihiuiUion. Nothing uLwanting. Kvery itrc\eut goes strapht to the mark at which ires aimed,' and nc\r l\l\' Pleasant) the palate, agreeable to tho stomach\iid\ini'oughly uffecftre us a jmrc. it has won for itseU i tho eonfiuVnco oJall.— The Times, London, Knglaml. Tim i demand f«\this great American remedy in this part of tho ! woild ha hV'ome so great thatthc I lop Hitters Co.. whose head quarters arc at Rochester, Xwv York, Lr. S., A., lmvc been com pelled to upon a laboratory in Melbourne. I t will bo in charge of Mr. M. II. Van l'erg. a gentleman of many years' experience i with this company, and the trade may he assured of receiving goo Is equal to the parent house, ami the most courteous treat ment. Tho II. H. Vo. have establishments tL London. Paris, I Hclgium, Holland and Panada, and their bitters arc the host j known medicine in the world. Confh.m ers of Wolfe's Celebrated Schnapps especially those who take it medicinally, should purUjiascfit only hy tho bottle, and thus ensure obtaining the genuine art'cle, there being a I fraudulent imitation in the market. Large and ) small bottles are obtainable at every respectable hotel in the colonies, and the name of M. Moss and Co. is on the top label of the yellow wrapper. 1 None else is genuine. , The. Human Machinery, unlike inanimate mechanism, possesses a self-repairing and self- renewing power. Health may be surely pre served and life lengthened by keeping this vital attribute in constant activity and full of vigor. Many preparations have been recommended for this purpose, but none have received such emphatic professional sanction, or are comparable in point ol efficacy, to Udolpho Wolfe's Schiedam Aromatic Schnapps. iiolbloway.'s ointment and ptli.s.— Coughs, Influenza. — The soothing properties of these medicaments render them well worthy of trial in all diseases of the respiratory organs. In common cold and influenza the Tills, taken in ternally, and the Ointment rubbed otorthc chest and throat, are exceedingly efficacious. When influenza L epidemic, this treatment is the easiest, safest, and surest. Holloway's Pills purify tho blood, remove all obstacles to its free circulation through the lungs, relieve the over- gorged air tubes, and render respiration free, without reducing the strength, irritating the nerves, or depressing the spirits : such are the ready means of saving suffering when anyone is afflicted with cold, coughs, bronchitis, and other chest complaints, by which so many persons are seriously and permanently afflicted in most countries. Thick .heawsjjicavy stomachs, biHTItlV 'kondi- tions— %\'SV \laV Minnie Pills" — auti-bwous, c.iftharXc.yxd. auATs. Moses .Moss andlCo., Sydney, Verteral age!;. \ it if' til Fih:k 'Juts!— Tho Proprietors of Wolfe's Aromati-.j Schitalim Schnapps to induce the destruction and prevent trie improper use of the wrappers and labels, and thus further pro tect the public against fraud and deception, have cncloccd in the wrappers, or under the labels of the quart bottles, since U& October, lb7S, and continue to enclose in every day's invoking throughout the year, TilUKE iil ORDERS, which are drawn upon the undersigned, and which will be cashed hy them on presentation. To secure these gifts, tho public must bo careful to ask for, .and accept nothing hut the gemiino Udolpho Wolfe's Schnapps, with our name ou the top label. M. Moss and Co. Wyynard-lane, Sydney. Hop Bitters jgive good digestion, actiyclivcr, good arkuimAand buoyant ;sp|ntj/ 