NEWS IXD NOTES THie Petty Sessions Court was nnnanaVy crowded on Thursday in expectation of heari„ €rideoce of « lively character with .1 _ , " . »«««0«e to three or four cases brought 'orward by the police. . The defendan-s, however, upset calculations by pleading guilty and reduced proceedings to the The first^defeoda.t a docile looking yonth. a kind of a tooth-pick good- youcb, who was charged by the police with insu ting behavior in the pablic street at ni?ht aad damaging the front door at the residence on Parkins rue' road, to the great terror of the inmates. As the Tooth's father promise! 10 repair the damage and it being the "first api>ear_ snce"' of 'he utterly good youth in court, ti> was let off with the small fine ot 5s and COStJ." Tbe second defendant was a don't-care, non bashful, middle eged looking female HD occasional visitor to Maldon, who WE* charged wi<h using obscene language tbe pnblic street near Deacy's Whilst not denying being the worse for bad liqior she had do knowledge ot making ns» ot improper Ian«UHge. She complain, d of the annoyance of larrikins of respectable typ •>ot working tnen, and was giving tb< bench her opinions on things id general wW she was told "that will do"—fined LI or imprisonment, The landlord of the Criterion ploaded g 0 '' 1 ? 10 serving iiqnor on Sunday.normng and was fined LI and coats of conrt. Two athlete looking young men from the conntry district were charged by the . police wjth committing a breach of peace -on Sunday «fternoon laat. The pnir hitherto known as indnstrons and well conduced got primed wi-h drink, disagreed an decided xosettlfe their little d.ff-renco in , fisticuff sort of fashion near the mil] way The defendants appeared in Court crest I fallen at having made an exhibition of I themselves. The bench in consideration ot | former good conduce, let e**ch off nominal fines of Ss each w.th lis costs }'between them There were two or three small debt cases heard, in tbe absence of defendants , erdicbj recorded against them. The preaiding Magistrates were Messrs Nicol g 0n p jj, Bnd Jfessr* Davison and Way According to police court law, in respects to small debt cases, plaintiffs cannot re- orer | any item standing longer than 12 months P 1 *" 0 . 08 ,0 da,e of plaint, but shoui. ao y " um be defendant within he time stated, it " f h brings "— the debt ~within L ' the jurisdiction ot the police or Petty Sessions Court. 'A case was heard 00 Thursday where a tradesman sued a miner for goods sold and delivered previous to Joue 1882, in . February of this year defendant paid 10s to plaintiff, of which am 0 nI 9s ? T*® entered to settle a account and the balance fiveiienee P !ace( * to tiie credit of the last account, * nd as the P 1 *' 01^ thought bouaht the last tran84C t j on c,earl y within th e twelvemon h. P reTious TheJ?ohce Magistrate was of opinion the for mer accounts should have been brought forw,r d Th9 \- P ll J ,Iluff had to allow the i, e ™ B OD,Plrle the allotted |>eriod to be struck ^i 0^1" 11 a tim - e verdict * The Warden on Thursday heard the evidence of Messrs Dabb, (for Paull £ Co) Webster and Baxter, in reference to th-ir applications for mining leases at Porcupine Victoria reef and the Mount respectively, ] The application* were passed for reoomj mendation. On Wednesday last a very successful trial of the "Samson" Tree and 8'umu ! Extractor manfactured by Mr Thomas I Grisold the well known fouudryman and I blacksmith of the village of Lbanecoorie | f00k pl» Ce in one ot Mr G- Schmidt's | paddock at Baringhup. As we recently gave a full description of the Extracto-s " tthe Ba in g bn P pl«ngh'"g match it is nonecessary to more fully describe the " 3a,nBO °" mention, this invention ^ IT™}*™ ^ *T1 H"!!.^ 0t «, he rods, "T ,ccl j . es and l ® fee L-,W°1. , at aclied / t ™ ^TnlJ.l', .hf P erf ? ra^ " P' a i e , 0 r J 0 r^ e w ^ tack- T ? nd forwt^- The mal wa, witnessed ,* ^ J 'rfdTfcSl Tell' _;Ti.Jl fl J . w ® r ®, ease up rooted and laid low, the fell 7°- rk - the machme pvmg great ^ m8chme WM Bo1d OUt 10 B ,arme r - The Trinity Church Sunday school «om- | mittee having succeeded at a great «xpense j in making the school rooms coug and comj fortable are anxious for tbe parents ot ] scholars to "come out" and tee ~ what hap I been^one and for the special purpose of |i"gatieting in," teachers invite pa-ents and [ friends to a social tea and entertainment in the school building" on 'Church -Bill on ] Wednesday next. The proceeds of this J gatLering is not (or building pnrposes bat in.aid,- of the library fund, .As a large number of books interesting to old as well aa young ore distributed every Sunday, parent! shonld unhesitatingly attend the social meeting and contribute to the fond. As our readers are aware at ' the halfyearly meeting of that surprisingly flourishing local institition—-the Miners' Association, held early last month, it was decided to hold a demonstration at an early day, and committees were appointed to carry ont the details. From that tine nothing has been publicly kaown of the arrangements in progress, until now everything •omes forth in full bloom. The demonstration is to be worthy of the occasion of the first anniversnry of the Maldon Association, and will include a repetition of an Easter Fair, with a good deal more added in out-door recreation, followed by a concert- arranged by Mr Msuey, (heyday's pleasure winding up with a dance- - Pro— .grammes will be i»sned early next week.. The Rev C. E. - Drought of St Kilds will conduct the services at Trinity Church to-morrow. The interesting childrens service commences at 3 o'clock. The way by the weighbridge isas rongh AS hnlf a dozen, men can make.it, .and Foot -passenners have to take' 'o' the road unless they sre inclined to scale the vast -heap ot rough metal intended to raise'the footpath considerably above . its former level. The prospects at present are anything but smooth -and pleasant. Our Hospital has, in the ^haS& ;oJjnining lingo, droppeliipona reftl '-'.'gSMfen pa'ch." Twenty pounds is a sterling contribution from navvies aod .others on the : railway, - a con ributing iiot often heard tietlt off«^nd speaks well'of'ha bro'h«rly feeling undir a rough exterior, towards those who from age or sickness sre det>arred from taking an active part in eve'y day life. Happi y during the conatruction ol the line, none of the employes have needed the benefits to be derived trom our grand bi-ne*olent institution. It redounds to tbe well-known charitable disposition of Messrs Nichall & Co,, Contractors, thoughtfully inducing tlieir employees to con'ribu e, each .one 1 cord'mj to his means. Si«-i a princely contribution from sturdy working men de-erre acknowledgement in g Idea letters- -'A lover of music with kindly, intent wires'—Now that there nre two rival bands in Middon, and as opinions vary mnch as to their -relative meri's, I would beg m -Ufgest that a friendly copies' take phc j decide the - superiority, and . let tbe pub ic see which is really tbe better. An admission fee to be fixed, the proceedings •o be divided among the Iocs] charities i'his I am sure wilt gi^e us a musical treat -besides augmenting the finaac-H of those audable ins'iutions thet are open to receive our brethren whom the fickle lijidei Ins not kindly smiled opon." Preece's band will not perform in • be Rospi'al re-erve to-morrow Several of the committee, whilst appreciating the kind offer of 'he band's ssrvices, do not deem it advisable to in'eriere with existing state of thiols, or Hospital 8nnday'. The half-yearly noting of the Beehive Co 6 apuointed ior the 27th last at the "Albion." From an a.lvertisemeat elsewhere our readers w 11 observe tlint &Ir; J- B- rho<n«s L Phrenologist of Sandhurst is 'o gi»e unoth^r or his cele^rateil euteriainmea s. i*i th"; Baptist Church on Wednesday 12 h Thepojiple of Maldon should be careful not to lose this opportunity of gi'in^ ibemselves a treat. The pric.; of admissioo is to be one shilling all round. An en'errainmem consisting of 00 choice news of "The Holy Land," an in'eres in picture on phrenology was given in the Masonic Hall, by Mr J. B.Thomas on Wednesday evening last. The attendance was ratber limi'ed, owing as we' b»li.-ve 'o he shortness ol the uorice gi veu The views elerred to were ot a Irish cla-i order, and were e»ch accompanied by a lucid discretion. Some very amus-rig illustra ions of the diffd'ent kinds ot walking and ban t shaking were given ut tbe close. Tli lecturer treated his subjects in a th .rougll ma'terlv manner tlimugliout. For e p 1st few monr! • residents towards the Spring.) have cotnjlained of a ' glioj a moving figure covered by a sheet which has caused grea alarm to the young of th^ neighborhood. It w»s gen»raily >uppos<?d, to be a joke on the part of a young tnane and a sharp look out was ma ie lor thr offender. ^Nothing of any imt>orta>ca was heard of his ghos'-ship until Tuesday niulir when young Grant whilst returning hom'. met a person enveloped in a covering which he unfortunately took lor the ghost. After he person hud passed him, he returned and knocked the supposed ghost down and fu-rher inflicted a severe cha-tiseraent. The person was no o her than Mrs Miller the nurse, who returning borne from I er daughters enveloped her head and shoulders iu a laage shawl, and thus was mis ook for the ghost. The poor woman wh- 'erribly bruised and knew not why she .was cruelly assaulted or the youag man w, « assaul-ed her. The young man tbe n<z morning made no secret of having me: the ghost and administered a severe" punish menc (as he soon di^c-e-ed) most respectable and harmless woman. The young man his 8iuce expressed sorrow and tendered a very humble apology. Tbb SEEDS OF YIXDOW Fen:a.—In repm IOS Itbe disastrotu outbreak of yel'ow fever In fib t ,is summer, Mr Corbett. British Minister in UraZ"! draws att ntioD to the r-markable rosults of the' reseatehea into tbe o, uses of infection, made by Dr one of lie Medical Comnusrtoa appoin ed by the Bran un Goveromenl with the obiecr. Having gath-red from a foot below the mrfuse 0f the cod in the cemeterr some earth from the sra»e ofa personwho had died about a ye ,r pmSmj ofthM terrible diaeue, Br Preire aubjV-cted it tc axaminaOan under a miomoone magnifriug 740 diameters, and discovered "myriads of livhimiorohii exsctl. indeniioal with those found Vomitings the blood, inh other organic liooids ' of persons who hare died of tin ferer." Thl obaervatw s, which are set foith in dstaiL together Willi ofter mteresting erperimenta, in the reports which Mr Corbett torwards, an rerifi»d by three other radical men. *Riej aTiow, aeeordme to Dr Freire, that "the germ, ol yelloir fevCT p«nibtnate themselra id the osmetties, whiflhars likesominy nunezin for the preparatioa of new generations deftmed todeTa.J,te the city."; A rignS^mt fact to which Corbett re!e, i. that fewor no case, have oocmrea amongst the shipping ^^is pm, and that th.s immunity u attributed to the eff~i of a police regulation by which yessels ars o' fBtd' etttos aeawm, to men soma dSstaa* ^ 