fPtft^ttft* THE YOUNG WIDOWER BY INA L. CASSILTS, Author of 'A Strange Advertisement,' &c.; I Published by special arrangemsnt with the author All rights reserved.] Chapter L— Ashton Royal. ' Come, Daisy, we are all ready. We shall be late at the station if you arc not quick,' calleda young man's clear, fresh voice, echoing up the wide staircase of the old-fashioned Deveruhire farmhouse. ' Down in a minute,' replied a sweet treble. ' You're always in a hurry, Wilford.' The response was followed by the sound of ap proaching footsteps, and then Daisy appeared at the head of the stairs pulling on her gloves which were not yet on when she joined her brother and sister. 'You might as well go glovelcss, like Nellie,' said Wilford, a tall, handsome lad of nineteen, bearing a sufficient resemblance to Daisy to proclaim their relationship; 'as . go out in these thread gloves. Una will be horrified.' ' I couldn't find any kids,' replied Daisy, 'and I don't believe Una is a fine lady. Mamma said she wasn't a bit.' 'She's a tom-boy_, I believe,' said Nellie, as they proceeded rapidly through the farmyard, across the cowslip meadow, and reached the cliffs. The sea lay far beneath them, calm and blue in the mellow light of the August evening; the sun was eloping towards the west in a glory of gold and crimson, and the shouts of the children at play on the beach and out on tbe silvery sands, and of thc- fishermen hauling in their boats or mending their nets, came up pleasantly through the 'rosy air.' Away inland stretched wood and bill and dale, with, here and there the roofs of cottages peeping from among the clustering trees, and close by— not a hundred paces from the edge of the cliff, rose tbe grey tower of St. Leonard's, the parish church of Weeping Cross, and in the large churchyard, shady with limes and chestnuts, slept nine genera tions of villagers. The station, nearly nine miles off, be longed properly to Oldminster, for there was no station at Weeping Cross. The way to it lay for the most part along the coast line, striking off inland by the Oldminster- roiH, balf a mile from the town, or a shorter cut was through Vospcr's Wood— as it was called from tbe came of its owner — and a couple of long fields ; and the young people from the Royal Farm of course took the short cut, chattering gaily as they went, and mostly of the expected guest, whom only Wilford and Daisy bad eeen when as a child, twelve years ago, she had been for a fortnight at Ashtoa Boys). Nellie bad been away at the time with her younger brother Laurie, and now she was renewing questions, asked a hundred times before, about Una, on whose beauty and wincing manners Wilford and Daisy were wont to descant with, great enthusiasm. ' I hope she isn't spoilt by the work she does ; it seems such funny work for a girl,' said Nellie, dancing along the field path. ' It seems so ; out why more funny than churning butter, and all that sort of thing?' said Daisy, who was disposed to be philoso phical. ' Women always have done that,' observed Wilford, not very logically. 'That's no reason why they should do netting etc than household work,' said Daisy. 'Ho; only when they get to things that men usually do they are sure to have odd notions, and become masculine. You may be sure that Una cannot hem so much as a toweL' 'Could she work when she was little?' asked Nellie. 'I don't know. I never asked her; but you may depend upon it she can't make her own dresses.' 'V-L . ''She wouldn't have fame/** faid Nellie. ' Fancy ! She works from ten fill's ver eo late in a poky office. How can sh'e live like 'Perhaps yon could if you were obliged to,' remarked Daisy. '; *'I hope I sever shall have, then. I don't believe I «onld lire in London.' 'I.fihoald dearly like to go there,' said Daisy; wouldn't yon, Wilfordf Wilford nodded.. 'Pretty well ; but I prefer our own moors andtheBea.' . 'Wont it be fun to see the fuss Una will make .over everything,' said Nellie. 'She can't remember much after twelve years, and she was only here a fortnight. They had reached the station by this time. It stood a little out from Oldminster, which was called a town because it had one paved street and a single lamp-post. The station was quite picturesque, creepers climbing all over the wooden palings that flanked the platform ; and the station-master's house was like a cottage on the stage, one mass of roses and canararinm. The station-master and the single porter were on the platform having a quiet amoke together— company's rules not withstanding — when the young people came np. Of course they were known, and friendly greetings were exchanged.; ' Expecting any. one, sir ?' said the porter, in a broad Devonshire accent. ' Yes, our cousin from London. The train is due now, isn't it ?' said Wilford. 'Due two minutes ago, but it's a bit late, ?Mr. Arundei. Is your cousin coming for long— it's a young lady, I hope, sir.' 'A young lady— yes,' said Wilford, laugh ing. 'She will stay a month or six weeks, I believe.' 'Didn't know you had one,' observed the station-master. ' Well, shell find this place prettv after .London, won't she ?' 'I should think so,' said Wilford, looking out through the trees to the sea. ' She lives in the heart of London.' . . 'I was there once,' said the porter, knock- . ing the ashes out of his pipe, which he had put down when the young ladies came up, 'and I never wish to be there again. What with the row and dust and bad air— well I was near killed— I was indeed.' ' I should like to go to sec the theatres aud the pantomines,' said Nellie; 'mamma says they are much more beautiful than the theatre at Exeter.' 'Maybe,' said the porter, doubtfully, 'Maybe, misaie, but I can't stand places like that. Here comes the train.' Nellie sprang to the edge of the platform, while the porter lounged easily along, and, pro forma, rang the bell ; there was no one to go by the train, and so he had not troubled himself to ring more than once. ' Suppose, after all, she isn't in the train,' said Wilford, maliciously, as the engine rolled past the platform, and Nellie eagerly scanned thecarriages, ' and you wouldn't kno w her, Nellie.' ' I should guess at her. There she is !' she exclaimed in a breath with Daisy, and both ran up to the second-class carriage, from which there stepped forth a tall, slight, girlish figure dressed in black, and carrying a car pet bag. 'You're our cousin — you're Una Castello,' said Nellie, eagerly. Daisy held out her hand. 'I think I should have known you,' she said. The new comer shook hands frankly with both. 'I should know you anywhere,' she said, with one of those sweet bell-like voices that are so rarely heard, 'and you, too, turning to Wilford; 'how do you do, Wil ford— you are much more changed than Daisy is.' ' Am I ? I hope we shall have as much fun as we had in those days,' said young Arundel. ' Now, I must look after your baggage, Una. What have you?' ' Only a small black trunk ; it has my name on it — but let me ? ' 'No, no ; you mustn't suppose that country people have no manners,' said Wilford, and off he went. Ura smiled. ' I forgot,' she said, halE apologetically, to Daisy. ' I am so used to looking after myself that I begin to do the same instinctively, even when there is a gentleman by.' ' You shouldn't ; men were born to wait on us,' said Daisy, promptly. 'Men don't always think so,' answered Una. ' So this is Nellie,' she added, turning to Nellie, who had been having a good stare at her handsome London cousin; 'she is more like Aunt Jennifred than you, Daisy.' ' Yes ; she and Laurie are alike. They all say I am like Wilford.' ' So you are,' said Una, with a keen glance at Daisy's pretty face ; ' here conies Wilford again. Many thanks, Wilford. We are to walk, are we not?' 'You said you would prefer it, if it was fine, and we are to send the trap for your box when we get home,' put in Daisy. 'Yes, thank you. I am so glad. The walk will be such a treat after the long journey and dirty old London. This air is nectar for the gods — and the sea ! Now, you must ex pect me to go mad ; this is all A B C to you— but not to me.'' Wilford took possession of the carpet- bag, and Daisy and Nellie each appropriated a side at their tall cousin— taller than cither of them. 'So that's the London cousin,' said the porter, locking after the young people as they left the station; 'a beauty, aint she, irate ? That's the prettiest girl I've seen this while.' ' Aye,' said the stationmaster, ' not a bit like her cousins, though they're as handsome young things as you may sec in the country side.'' ' Do you remember any of this way, Una ?' asked Daisy as they went on, choosing the. field path, Una walking with the light, springy, swift step that showed her a pedes trian by habit. 'Yes,' said Una, ' though it is so long since I was hsre I could go straight through Vosper's Wood. I never knew the road route, you know, and along by the cliffs to Ashton Royal ; and I remember the Weeping Cross just outside the churchyard.' 'And the legend of Lady Guinevere?' asked Nellie, eagerly. ' Yes — I cherish it all — you know it is my country after all — this part, isn't it ? And then my father is from Plymouth. Of course I remember Lady Guinevere — andl remember cne of the dairymaids would not pass it at night because she would sec Lady Guinevere weeping by it.' ' Her lover was drowned just below— off the Weeping liock,' said Wilford, 'aud they say, you know, that if you meet your lover by the Weeping Cross there will be sorrow between you. The village girls often go right round, over through the church meadows yonder,' pointing with his arm in the direction signified, 'sooner than pass within sight of the cross.' ' Do you ever pass the Cross at night, Daisy?' asked Una, laughing. 'I'd as lief not,' was the frank answer. 'I don't mind in the daytime. You ought not to pass it at any time on your way home. You know the saying?' 'Yes,' said Una, half gravely, half jest ingly, 'they say if a grief cornea to 'any one that be (or she) lias been home by Weep ing Crose.' ' ' Shall we go round the other way ?' asked Wilford, a little mockingly of his sister. 'No.' 6aid Daisy, scornfully, 'besides,' she added, ' there are so many of use, and if sorrow comes it does not follow that it will be to all of us.' ' Or to any,' said Una, sceptically ; do you know that 1 am walking on air?' This at mosphere is like champagne. I could do any mad thing. What a glorious view !' She paused at the edge Vosper*s Wood, looking out towards the sea, drinking in the beauty of the scene with an intense delight that made her cheeks flush and her eyes shine like stars. Daisy and Wilford watched her in admiring silence ; she had been a lovely child, this young cousin of theirs — she had grown into a very beautiful girl. ' What fun we shall have by the sea :' she said, turning suddenly and walking on. 'Dj you boat?' ' Oh, yes, often. Can you take an oar ?' 'Try me; you country people think cockneys know nothing. Oh ! this delicious wood! Don't laugh at me. I have been boxed up in Fleet-street for many a long month.*' ' We weren't laughing,' said Daisy, linking her arm in that of her cousin; 'how long can youstop, Una?' 'Six weeks, if you do not get tired of me before the time is up. Ah !' Daisy looked up quickly. Una's lips were clcsed firmly, and her cousin thought there were tears in her eyes. Daisy could under stand why ; she had more imagination than Nellie, and the view that burst upon tbe gaze as they left the wood was certainly niaajaid cent — the long stretch of lofty cliff and the vast spread of the blue sea, with the glowing eky above reflecting a golden world in the heaving water. No wonder that Una was startled and touched below the surface of mere admiration. 'I remember aU that,' she said, after a silence of some minutes, ' even that boulder there and the Weeping Bock jutting out iuto the sea.' ' An awful rock in the EquinoxiaU ' said Daisy, shuddering slightly. ' God Bare us from a death like this On the reef of Norman's Woe,' quoted Una, 'Ah! there is the church dear old place. The little boy whu sang cue solo in * O corns, let us worship,' must be a man cow. I often think of him when I hear that anthem in St. Paul's— and the dear old rector.' ' Mr. Chichester isn't old,' said Nellie. 'No — not more than fifty-five or six, per haps; but I thought him quite antediluvian twelve years ago.' They were skirting the churchyard now, and pointing suddenly, Una said — 'There is the Cross behind the great linden.' 'Don't stop near it,' said Daisy, a little hastily, ' it isn't good luck.' Una had halted before the Cross; she looked round now with a half smile. 'Never mind for me, Daisy; good luck and bad luck have nothing to offer me.' A strange speech, as Daisy thought at the time, and often afterwards it puzzled her. Was Uaagoine to be epigrammatic T Writers were odd people. Tradition assigned to this Weeping Cross a very ancient origin. That It was anterior to the village, or more properly, fishing hamlet, would seem likely from the fact that it had given its name to the latter. It was a solid stone structure, nearly six feet high, covered with moss and lichen, and somewhat sunken onone side ; and though in places worn and battered from age and weather, it was on .the whole in wonderful preservation, for it must have been at the least six hun dred years old. In early times it had been regarded with a degree of superstitious reverence, of which more re mained in the present day than many would have supposed possible in the nineteenth century. For miles round stories were re peated of sorrows that had come upon families through going home by Weeping Cross. One couple from London, who had been rash enough to actually make the Cross their trysting place, had been drowned off the Weeping Bock one wild night, and there were not a few who were ready to aver that on moonlightnights they had seen Lady Guinevere kneeling by the Cross, with her long hair sweeping the grass, and weeping bitterly. 'Do you know,' said Wilford, as Una joined them again, for none of them would actually stop near the Cro3s, ' that numbers of the people hereabouts when they pass the Cross bless themselves — sturdy Protestants, not a few, who never cross themselves in church.' '* Formalism, with a vengeance !' said Una ; 'they would say Dii aurUil-e omen just as soon, a&d; have as much idea why thay said it' 'Most of onr own people know pretty well,' observed Wilford ; ' Mr. Chichester has well drilled them, and I verily believe they bless themselves when they pass that Cross with all the fervor of an Italian peasant.' 'You like Mr. Chichester?' said Una. ' Very much,' said Nellie. ' And is Mr. Chichester all alone ?' 'No: there is one assistant — a very nice fellow,' said Wilford ; ' he plays cricket with the chaps, and can take an oar like a brick. He is West country, too— from Exeter.' ' How provincial you are !' said Una, laughing. 'I don't believe you would eat mutton that had not grazed in the west !' *' I wouldn't !' said Nellie, dancing along by Una's side. ' Oh ! Una, you've got such a lot to tell us ! I mean to ask a hundred ques tions about all you do, and where you work, and all the rest of it.' ' Turn yourself into a note of interroga tion, and 111 answer till you're tired,' said Una. ' There is auntie — in the porch.' She set off running fleetly across the lawn, but moderating her pace as Mrs. Arundel, a tall, handsome lady, came out from the porch to meet them. The next moment the slender form 'was clasped in Mrs. Arundel's arms, and she was putting back the rich, soft curls, and kissing the broad forehead, and telling Una how like she was to her mother. ' Only you have a look of your father, too,' she added, ' and his almond-shaped eyes ; you get that from your Spanish descent. Now come in to your uncle Harry ; he docs not know you have arrived.' Chapter IL— Una Costhi.la. A substantial but recherdie meal was spread inqhe large oak dining-room, the profusion of country hospitality being tempered by the refinement belonging to birth and culture; for Mr. Arundel, though he farmed his own hind, and was no dilettanti gentleman farmer, was of aristocratic birth, as his name pro claimed, and had passed three term3 at Oxford in his youth. He sat now at the head of the table — Wilford, five and twenty years older— and when he spoke there was the same tone of voice, deeper and older, but still the same. He placed Una near him, and asked her as many questions as Nellie had promised for herself, while little Laurie, a bright- eyed russet-skinned lad of twelve, sat opposite, and stared at his cousin through the dowers. Una was not like her cousins. She was tall,, and very slightly made, with a kind of supple lithesomeness of movement which showed a highly-strung organisation, and even when her actions were quick they were always graceful. Orer the small, nobly-balanced head a quantity of rich brown hair clustered in curly masses, cut across the forehead a. la Gains borough. The forehead was broad, grave, and thoughtful, the intellectual and imaginative organs being strongly developed, and the large, full, grey eyes shone with a deep, steady lustre, under very prominent brown. Few thiugs passed unnoticed by these eyes. In perfect repose there was a dreamy and profound melancholy in them which was enhanced by the physical con ditions of form and color — the almond sliape — the changing grey, and by the unusual length of the lashes, giving that ragard voile which in itself imparts an expression of sad ness, but the almost sombre gravity which at such times gathered and settled about tbe lines of the mouth seemed to indicate some thing more than the element of melancholy which belongs to the poetic temperament. There was singular force and power in the whole face, a remarkable strength of will about the chiselled chin and ourved lips, and indi cation, too, of strong passions, and perhaps a quick temper about that expressive mouth, ready to smile, yet able, if not to sneer, to curl in irony. If there was a fault in the face it was its pallor; to her fresh-colored cousins Una seemed deadly pale ; but the rich, creamy hue of her complexion would to a painters eye need but a light touch of the peach bloom to render it perfect. She was revelling now in that pleasure, half sensuous, half mental, which such natures feel in harmonious beauty— if, indeed, beauty without harmony can be recognised as such. Her eye was pleased with the blending aud grouping of colors on the table — the flowers and fruit, contrasting with glittering glass and silver ornaments flashing a thousand rays of light, all thrown into strong relief by the dark oak background, while beyond the open window was a world of green boughs and vivid-hced flowers, and blue horizon almost merged in the still warm sky. ' You must make yourself very happy, Una,' said her uncle, patting the delicate, nervous band that rested for a moment oa the table by him. ' Leave all that dirty old city as far from your thoughts as it is from, where you are. You must take back some roses to London when you go.' 'They won't grow on my cheeks, Uncle Harry,' said Una, laughing, 'and if they did they would soon wither under the com bined influences of close air and gaslight.' ?* You work too hard,' said her uucle, a little anxiously. 'Work agrees with me,' returned Una, lightly, ' I am used to it, and I never suffer in health.' 'And what do you do for the paper?' askc-d Mrs. Arundell. ''Editor,' conveys very little * idea to my mind of what you actually do.' 'I am not the editor, Aunt Jennifred. Well, my duties are multifarious. I write some of the leaders, and a great many of the paragraphs, and clip others from other papers ; then 1 am musical and theatrical critic — the last isn't my regular business, but I have done it at times for the regular reporter/' ' We must take in the Cycte,' exclaimed Daisy. 'And is that all, Una?' 'Enough too, I should think,' said Wil ford. 'Not quite all. I translate from the German jmpers — we have a good deal from the German musical papers; and. I have to look through the piles of French papers.' ' You are clever,' said Nellie, admiringly. Una colored. ' If I seem to brag, it is not my fault,' she said, smiling, 'you ask so many questions.' 'Do you know Latin?' asked Laurie, eagerly. He was still in the throes of hie haze hoc. ' Yes,' said the girl, briefly. ' Then you'll help me with those beastly verbs 1' said the bid, with the selfishness of his age and sex. ' Laurie !' said his mother, in stern reproof for the 'beastly.' Wilford interposed, 'Una docs not come here to con Latin verbs, but to rest and be happy, Laurie.' ** I would help willingly,' said Una, gently, as she saw Laurie flush up, 'but Laurie, your Latin and mine wouldn't agree. ' How can they be different?' said the boy, in surprise. ' Because my father learnt it abroad, and he began me with it, and when he died I took lessons of an Italian, for the English Latin seemed barbarous to me ; so how should we get on, Laurie ? We should flounder in the declension, at the very* beginning.' ' Should we? Try some of your Latin,' said Laurie. ' I don't want to pass for a pedant,' said Una, ' I believe you all expect me to wear a coat and a long-faced hat as it is.' But the request was general, so the girl repeated a few lines from Horace. *' I like the sound of it,' said Mr. Arundel, 'but I couldn't fancy my boy learning that pronunciation. Where is it from ?' 'Why, Uncle Harry, you must know it Let me try if I can trip it off Anglice.' But before she had slowly and with difficulty pro nounced a few words, Mr. Arundel inter rupted her — 'Know them! I should think I did. Weren't they whipped into me at school? Dear me, I've forgotten nearly all (my Latin!' 'AU the better, father,' interposed Daisy, who did not care about the conversa tion travelling out of her depth. 'Una, will you come presently and Look over the farm?'1 ' Una must be tired, my dear,' said Mrs, AruEdeL 'You forget she has had along railway journey.' ' k ' But I am not tired indeed, Aunt Jenni frcd,' said Una, ' except of sitting so long in a railway carriage. Is Mustard alive yet, Daisy, and '?the dear old pointer, Jessie— —young pointer he was twelve years ago.' ' What a memory yon have, Una 1 Yes, Jessie's alive still, but rather decrepit: Mustard died a year, ago; he was very old, .yon know— and we've got such a jolly New foundland. He's 'gone with the trap to the station.' ' What an intelligent dog !' said Wilford, gravely. Daisy was rather celebrated for such specimens of accurate English, and her elder brother was very fond of correcting her. ' I forgot,' said the lively young lady, de murely, 'one must be very particular now, in presence of a person connected with the ?Fourth Estate.'' Una laughed. ' You are going to make me more like the lion than the Fayre Una' that rode on him,' she said. ' Supper's over '.' put in Liurie at this juncture. And we want to show Una every thing. Una was nothing loth, and the young people carried their cousin in triumph. They showed her the pretty room which she was to occupy, looking towards the sea, and on the toilette and mantelpiece of which Daisy and Nellie bad arranged bunches of sweet smell ing flowers : and then all through the old fasbioned house, with its oak panelling, and beams across some of the rooms, and little stairs up here and down there, for no particular reason. Una remembered all this; she knew her way about, and found her way to the draw ing-room without any aid. This irregularity had an immense charm for her poetic nature, for the deadly uniformity of London houses is wearisome to a warm imagination; and here, too, there is such charming old fashioned furniture, and in one room a pallet bed in which it was said Charles It., when a fugitive, bad slept. The Aruadels had always been loyal, and Una as a child had gazed in reverence on that pallet bed. She knew the room where it was, and the room that had been her mothers, but she did not go there this evening— that was reserved for a solitary visit. She felt grateful to know that, the room was never used now, but kept as her mother had left it, with even the dried ferns that she used to be so fond of kept under a glass case, and Daisy made it her business to dust it. 'Father was so fond of AuntGinevra, you know,' she said softly to Una, as they entered the drawing-room. ' Youvname is Ginevra, too, isn't it?' 'Yes.' ' Such pretty names they Tire, I think,' said Daisy. ** Was she called after Moyer's Ginevra V 'No; after an Italian girl that grand mother knew at school, and promised, in that romantic way girls do, that she would call her daughter after her, if ever she had one. I was called after 'Fayre Una.' My mother used to sit in the window seat iu the long passage by the dining-room and read the * Faerie Queen.' ' 'Funny how people get names,' said Daisy. 'My name is Margaret properly, but I am always called Daisy. Look, Una, a new piano since you were here ! — of course you play ?' Una had walked straight up to the piano, and opening it, ran her lonpr, white lingers over the keys with a musician's touch. ' I have not as much time for practice as I should like,' she said ; ' but I have a cottage piano at home, and practice in the evenings sometimes, and in warm weather iu the morning.' ' And you sing, don't you?' 'Yes.' ' Then you will have to sing and play this evening,' said Daisy. ' Of couraeyou brought some music with you ?'' ' Yes ; for I know you're musical. This is a beautiful piano, and well placed. Wilford sings tenor, docsnrt he ?' ' Yes, and very well. How jolly : but I wish you could stay longer, Una.' ' You are very kind to say so,' said her cousin, ' but it was an unusual stroke of good luck for me to get so long a holiday as this— six weeks is a chief's not a sub's holiday.' ' How did you get it then?' said Nellie. ' Oh !' said Una, 'I have a great miud not to tell you. It was through my chief — the 'bos,' as be irreverently gets called some times. In the spring he was ill for a month, and then went away for a fortnight to the south coast tc get up his strength, and I had the major share of Ms work — I used often to have to work up till past eleven ; and he re ports for another paper, and I did that for him, too. So when he came back he promised me six weeks in the autumn,' ' Quite proper ! No more than yoa de served !' said Daisy. ' But, Una, it looks suspicious ? ;' ' Very ; especially as he is fortv-five, mar ried, and has six children,' said Una. ' But are you a thorthand writer ?' a^ked Wilford. 'Yes.' ' Why did you not come before ?' asked Nellie. ' I have only had a week every year till this time,' replied Una, moving away from the piano. 'But before you went to work— years ago,' persisted Nellie, ' mamma wanted you to come when you returned from Germany, and you would not.' ' I couldn't very well come, Nellie ; you must allow me now to make up for past de linquencies. Shall we go into the farmyard before the evening falls, Daisy? I want to see the dogs.' They ran down the steps of the verandah, upon which the drawing-room windows opened, and were soon among the fowls and cows. Here Una became the interrogator. She mightily amused her cousins and some of the farm servants by her questions, and no one laughed more merrily than herself when she betrayed her cockney ignorance of f arm* yard matters. They were in the poultry yard, and Wilford was 8hawingUnaa rare breed of fowls, when Mr. Arundel and his wife came slowly from the lawn. ' She is so like Ginevra,' said Mr. Arundel, pausing and looking at the little group ; 'and she has Ginerra's voice. You remember her voice, it was so peculiarly sweet. Una, come here.' Una looked up, and was at his side in a moment. ' .What is it, Uncle Harry ?*' 'I want to show you the Aldcrney cows. I don't suppose you know one when you bcc hcr.:- 'I don't know that I do, Uncle Harry ; ploase enUghten my ignorance.' Hrr uncie carried her off to the barnyard, and Wilford and Daisy and Laurie followed ; Nellie liDpered.behind with her mother. ' 'Isn't she beautiful, mamma?' she said, admirably. 'I can't help looking at her She's very like the picture of Aunt G inevra, too.' *' She is ; and she has her father's intellect. Louis Costcllo was a' very clever man, poor fellow !' 'Why poor fellow, mamma? Won't you tell me about Una ?' 'There is nothing very particular to tell, my dear. I said 'poor fellow,' because he lost his second wife soon after Una's birth, and he never seemed to me a happy man.' 'Was he married twice then, mamma?'' ' Yes. He was a widower when he married your Aunt Ginevra. The Costellos are ot very good family-;-originally descended from one of the Spanish hidalgos who came over with the Armada, and there used to be pro perty in the family; but Louia Costello's grandfather squandered it. Louis Costello was an architect, and he was getting on very fairly when Ginevra died ; he never held up his head after that, and though he only died seven years ago, he wa3 a man broken in health, and he left nothing for Una.' 'Poor Una. And who was his first wife, mamma?' '1 don't know, my dear. He married abroad. We lost sight of them so mucb|when Louis Costcllo went to London that we never knew much of them, and he never spoke of his first wife to any one when he was engaged to G inevra. I supnpse he did to her ; but she did not repeat anything.' ' But then, mamma, does Una live alone ?' 'No, my dear. She lives with a lady, a distant relation of her father's, in_the city somewhere.' ' And are there no young people, mamma ?' 'Yes, two daughters— that is all I know.' Nellie mused a moment. 'Mamma,' said she, following her ova thoughts, 'do you know this evening Una Btocdby the Weeping Cross?' Mrs. Arundel smiled. ' Nellie, you are a very superstitious cMld. You cannot expect Una, who was not brought up in these parts, to have all these idea3. Londoners arc terrible sceptics.' ' But, mamma, it may be true. You know Lilla Dcvenish quarrelled with her lover, and they met by the Weeping Cross.' 'But do I understand ybu, Nellie, that Una has met any Borneo by the Cross ?' ' Oh, no, don't laugh at me, mamma ; but then— well,' said Nellie, in perplexity, 'I wouldn't stand opposite to it' ' Nor meet that charming Benedick near it,' said a clear voice, and Una's hand was laid on Nellie's shoulder. ' Una, where did you spring from V ' That barn door. I was just coming out when I heard what you said, and jumped out upon you. Haven't you forgiven me for courting my fate at the Weeping Cross ?' Nellie colored. *' You see I was born here she said, rather obscurely. ' And I was born in Germany, so I ought to be terribly afraid of all omens. If you don't take care 111 go out to-night and look for Lady Guinevere.' 'Oh, Una!' Nellie's round eyes opened wide. Una laughed. * ' Guinevere and I would be very gooo1 com pany. I don't mind ghosts. I declare you tempt me to seek out a Borneo, for I could make a trysting-place of the Cross. No one in these parts would come that way at night, and if they saw figures in the distance they would be too frightened to approach.' Nellie's round face was grave and clouded. 'You wouldn't really, Una?' she ques tioned, wistfully. ' I have not got a Borneo yet, cousin mine, andam notvery likely to undone in these parts. But I am scandalising you, I know. Come down to the sea with me before it gets quite dark.' ' Yon can't get down to the beach to-night,' said Mrs. ArnndeL 'The tide is in, and washes the base of the cliff. You can get as far as the platform.' 'Where I went with Wilford years ago,' ex claimed Una. 'Oh, let us go, if we may, Aunt Jennifred.' 'Surely, my dear child, only don't stop too late, and be careful, for it is a rocky path ; these children know it welL' ' I can climb like a goat,' said Una, - ' aud Nellie, I mean to go down the path that runs down close to the Weeping Rock; must not I use it — is it 'eerie?' ' No,' said Nellie, wisely, 'because it is near the rock. That is the path Sir Engal barde was coming up by to meet Guinevere when his boat was driven on to the Weeping Bock and he was drowned.' ' As a warning to all other Sir Engelhardes who make trysts with young ladies against their papas' wishes,' said Una, irreverently. 'Wilford, we are going down to the platform. I must have one long look at the sea before we go in.' Down to the platform they went, Una de scending the steep unequal path with a quick ness and readiness that distanced even Wil ford, and showed that, whether used to climb ing or not, she took to it 'a3 to the m inner born.' Once on the broad platform of cliff, Una went straight to the edge, and stood there with the light evening breeze fluttering her short curb, gazing out over the great ex pense of water in rapt silence. She seemed awed and entirely subdued by the melancholy grandeur of the scene before her, and hardly spoke a word till the dusk began to deepen into darkness, and Mr. Aruudel from the cliff above called for them to come up. Una started then, and without a word obeyed her uncle, and was soon by his side. ' Please forgive me,' she said ; 'I quite forgot everything, looking: at the sea.' 'You romantic puss,' said Mr. Arundel, fondly stroking the soft hair, 'but that path is not safe at dusk unless you knew it very well. To-morrow you can have your fill of the sea. Let us go in now and. have some music. I want to hear you play and sing. Your mother had a lovely voice, aud so ought you to have.' Una had some rare music in her portfolio. She played lovely morceaux of Mendelssohn and Schumann, and delighted her nncle, who had not expected to hear her piay so welL Una threw a wonderful depth of feeling into her playing, and her delicacy of touch and breadth of style showed that she had been carefully trained. But 'when she sang, choosing first one of Schubert's beautiful ballads, hardly known in England, Mr. Arundel covered his face, and his thoughts spanned the long years that had passed since Ginevra sat in that same room and sang to him in the evening shadows. Una had her mother's rich mezzo-soprano voice— a won derfully pathetic voice — well suited for the music she had chosen ; but when, in response to a clamorous demand from all present sang a more dramatic song, she flung into it a passion andpower that startled her uncle. ' Child,' he said, laying his hand on her shoulder as she rose from the piano, ' your mother had not that power ; is it from your father?' 'Perhaps,' said Una, smiling a little. Her eyes drooped : she was reserved about herself. ' You could not sin? as you sang to-night unless you had suffered,' said Mr. Arundel, in a low voice. For a moment Una lifted her eyes with a look that puzzled him, and then the ready smile flitted over her lips a?ain. 'Most people have suffered,' she said; 'besides, in music — especially dramatic music— you are carried away, out of your natural self.' ' H:m I' said Mr. Arundel. He released her, but her answer was hardly satisfactory. Had she already learned to employ the volto sriolto to conceal the 'ptnsieri strelii ; if so— in whet school ! ' Bah !' he said to himself that night, as he laid his head on bis pillow. ' She is too young to have suffered much. Una caniiot be more than twenty-two.' 'Suffered !' said Una, as she leaned out of her window, and looked up at the world of glittering stars above her. ' I- wonder why . some people suffer so much? I feel so weary sometimes, oh ! so weary !' She pressed her hands tightly over her forehead and turned back into the room. The moon poured its cold, solemn light full on the crucifix in the niche over the little prayer desk, and instinctively Una foil down on'her knees before it and hid her face, murmuring in passionate pleading — ' Oh ! help me, Jesus, Lord, have mercy on me !' and tlicD, after a pause— a pause of strong mental con test — came the words of trust and resigna tion, often so bard to utter, ' Yet uot my will, but Thine be done.'' Ciiaitkk, III. — The A-ru-KNT near Old.miit.stek. 'I want to see the rector, Mr. Chichester,' said Una, as she stood barefooted on a smooth piece of rock, and exulted in the sun shine, the fresh breeze, and the flying spray. Daisy and Laurie! were with her, and they had all been paddling in the sea to their hearts' content for the last hour, while Nellie busied herself with some household matters about which she and Daisy took turns, and Wilford went to see some new fanning imple ments lately purchased. 'He ought to have been in church this moruing, and then you would have accn him,': said Daisy. ' I dare say he will call to-day, for be knows you are here ; but if he doesn't we will go to the rectory-' ' May we?' said Una ; ' wouldn't he think it cool of me, at any rate ?' ' Of course not ; we do as we like. I love going to the rectory. Do you remember old Martha Riving you some cherries?' ' Yes,'' said Una, dreamily ; ' funny old thing. She must be antediluvian by thi3 time.' ' I don't tliiuk she looks any older — those sort of old women look the same age for thirty years when once they're old.' Una's laughter rang out clear and merry. ' You're right, she said ; 'then I will come with you and see Mr. Chicbestcr, if you're sure be won't think me impudent.' 'You forget how well he knew Aunt Ginevra.' ' No, I don't,' replied Una, grave now, ' but I can't claim indemnity on that account. Ob. Daisy, come and lookatthi* horrid little crab in a pool !:- *' Horrid !' said Daisy, running up, ' dear little crab, you mean ; don't you like them V' ' Not much,' said Una, drawing back. ' I wouldn't lift one up.' 'You Cockney,' said Laurie, skilfully catching the little crab, Daisy looking de lighted and Una a little disgusted. '?I don't like ugly things,' she said, shortly ; ' drop him, Laurie — please do.' Laurie obeyed. 'You'll soon get used to them,' he said, plunging into tiie sea, an example which Una followed, jumping reck lessly from the piece of rock on which she stood, and splashing herself all over, so that when at last she ran upon the beach she Icokcd as if she had been rescued from drowning. A cry of 'some one coming,' put a tem porary stop to the barefooted freedom ot the young ladies, who, as a couple of fisher men approached, donned the appropriate gear which civilisation enforces and which they had discarded, but Laurie, encumbered by no necessity for this propriety, danced about in the sea ' as happy as a king.' 'An awful smash, they say,' one of the men was remarking, as they came near, ' and a good many killed. I hope it isn't so bad as that' 'How did it happen?' asked the other. ' The down express, wasn't it?' 'An accident,' aaid Una, quickly; 'it Djust be lately. There was nothing about it in the Times this morning. Has anything happened on the line ?' she asked the elder of the two fishermen. The man stopped. 'Aye, miss; up a little way above Old minster. Took place this morning about nine o'clock, they say. The down train to Plymouth ran into a goods, and there's been live or six killed and a good many injured.' 'Oh, how awful, how dreadful!' ex claimed Daisy, while Una, more used to such IhiDgs, asked— ' where have they taken the injured ?' 'Mostly to the infirmary at Oldminster,' replied the fisherman. 'It was only just above — about a mile.' 'Were there many injured?' said Daisy, who had grown quite pale. *' A good many, miss.' said the man, with that toue of exaggerating horrors common among the uneducated. 'I've just come from cear Oldminster, and they arc in an awful way about it there.' 'Shan't we go to Oldminster and find out about it ?' cried Daisy, eagerly turning to her cousin, ' isn't it shocking, Una?' ' You forget, Daisy, Uncle Harry has gone to Oldminster, and he is sure to hear all about it. Ten to one it is nothing like as bad as appears at first. One generally has to take a good deal off these first accounts.' ' How can you be so cool, Una. I believe you read about railway accidents till you think nothing of them.*1 ' I can't help getting used to them,7* said Una,' ' perhaps that London life does make one rather callous— in one way — and news paper life makes one very sceptical. ' So many ?awful catastrophes' and 'dreadful catas^ trophcii' dwindle down to very email propor tions. 1 dare say thu will turn out to bo a slight smash, with perhaps one or two killed, and as many injured.' ' But that is very terrible, Una.' 'It is terrible,, said Una, musingly, 'I know it as a fact ; bnt things seems so dif ferent when you read often of them and when you come face to face with them. You re member what Tennyson says in ' Enoch Arden' — ' Things seen are so much' worse than things heard of' ' Your London life must be bad for people,' said Daisy, ' if it makes you indifferent.** The fishermen had gone on, still speaking earnestly. Una did not immediately answer her cousin's hist remark, but looked after the re treating figures with something like a smile on'her lips, but it did not reach her eyes.' 'Those men have got something to talk about fora fortnight — perhaps a month to come,' she said ; ' in London the most dread ful catastrophe is all but forgotten in a week. Indifferent? I don't think you are right there, Daisy. Londoners seem so, but in the actual presence of suffering they do not show themselves less sympathetic than any one clue. After all, half your excitement in the country over accidents is because you have so little to thick about. If one of Uncle Harry's hay ricks was to catch fire, the event would quite divide your attention with the railway accident.' 'You are ironical, Una.' ' Am I? I don't mean to be — notto you in dividually ; but people often claim for sym pathy what belongs to curiosity. And as to railway accidents,' shrugging her shoulders, 'they are too common to arouse any great amount of attention.' ' Well, I suppose you can't help it,' said Daisy, as they turned towards the cliff path by which they had descended, 'but I think for all that that London life must be danger ous.' 'And my life especially, ch?' said Una, smiling. 'I didn't say that.' ' But you meant it : never mind, Daisy, peihaps when you know me better you will not think me as callous as I seem.' 'I don't think you callous, Una.' Daisy had grown very sober. ' I wonder,' she said, after a pause, ' if there are many people hurt. I hope father will be home soon.' ' Perhaps he is at home now,' said Una. 'Shall we go up quick? and, if he is not in, we can go to Oldminster, if you like, and find out all about it.'' ' You are very kind, Una, but I don't want to give you any trouble.' ' It would be no trouble, and if it. were I am used to it, and would go for you willingly.' As they came near the farm they saw Mr. Arundel on his stout cob, riding rapidly into the farmyard, and he had just dismounted when they reached the door. Daisy began at once about the accident, and hearing her eager, excited voice, Mrs. Arundel ran out. Her husband's account was bad enough. The down express to Ply mouth had rushed into a goods which was standing on the line — of course where it had no business to be. The result had been that six passengers had been killed on the spot and nine had been injured, a few of them very ' seriously, two or three not very badly, it was 1 thought. The engine and several of the car- j risges were smashed, and the line was still blocked, though men were working hard to remove the dibris. Daisy was loud in her exclamations of sor row and horror ; and the news soon created great excitement in the farm and through the village. Several of the lads hurried off to Oldminster to find out more particulars, and with the morbid love of the horrible — which is not, unfortunately, confined to tbe uncul tured — to repair to the scene of the accident. Nothing else was talked of all day, and Una grew decidedly weary of the subject, unused to hearing any but topics of all r-ngrossiug interest so much 'harped upon. To her the sights and sounds of the country were of sufficient interest at present ; she did not need to seek extraneous channels of ex citement ; but with her cousins the case was, of course, different, and the fuss made about this accident further confirmed her in a favorite theory, that the country was a bad school for training up young people. ' It makes people so narrow-minded,' she said to herself. 'They flounder about in a puddle, and persuade themselves that the mimic waves are real. They waste their energies on small matters, and have do interest left for events that concern conti nents. A feud between two farmers i3 more talked about than a Franco-German war or a general election.' It was not till the afternoon that Daisy remembered hei promised visit to the rec tory ; but her mother told her it would be no vise. Mr. Cbichester was absent, and -would rot return till the evening. ' You had better go to-morrow morning.' she said ; aud so till to-morrow the visit was deferred. (To be continued.) 