LAST NIGHT'S CONCERT. A GKAKD concert was given last evening, at the Freemasons' Hall, 111 aid of tho building fund of St. John's Church, which proved as great ft success in every respect as any gather ing of a like nature hitherto. To venture so far as to afiirm that it was a greater success would be by ho means an exaggeration, and the hapjiy and successful outcome of the concert is attributable primarily to the Veil, Archdeacon Pownall, who, we be* lievc, conceived of this happy and attractive medium for reducing a somewhat formidable balaiicc on account of the St. John's Church building fund. Yet, while the Archdeacon is to be thanked by all persons who have any regnrd for the church of their forefathers, no alight degree of praise is due to Professor ttroadhurst, organist of St. John's. Pro* feasor Broadhursfc on this occasion repudiated any fee for professional services, being equally interested in common with the con gregation in removing a debt due 011 the sacred edifice, and straightway lie applied himself to.make tho concert of last evening a thorough success. Wc have heard ere this many a chorus rendered, including Rossini's *' Carnovale," but never was it given with greater effect than by the accomplished choir of amateurs who so well applied their vocal efforts on this occasion. The programme opened with "Away t away ! brightly breaks the morning," which was snng with such animation that many present were induced to demand an cncorc. 35ut encores were not frequently indulged in, and very properly too, considering that there were no fewer than twenty-two items 011 the programme. In a concert of this nature wc are precluded from criticism, and as many of tho ladies and gentlemen who participated really exceeded the efforts of many so-called professional people, it is necessary to exercise some, restraint. Suffice it to say that there was quite a galaxy of beauty on the stage, each fair one exercising her dulcet voice with some effect. On the other hand came many noble churchmen, who raised their voices in harmony with tho ladies. No fewer than three banking gentlemen participated, and each acquitted himself faultlessly—the one endowed with a splendid baritone voice; a second, who proved that lie was quite an fait on his bass violincello; and a third, who gave with inspiriting tone of voice " My courage 'now regaining." It is difficult to avoid names, but in a concert of this kind silence must be exercised ou that point. Not only was the programme rendered to perfection, but its preparation appears to have been ..well conceived, being diversified towards the close of the first part of the programme by a recitation, which was de livered by an accomplished elocutionist in a strain that fairly " electrified" thcaudiencc. Ilufc the 2>ieee de resistance, in an instru mental sense, came at the opening of the second portion of tho programme, whore four charming young ladies gave a quartette, manipulating on two instruments, one being a iinc-toned Eeke, kindly lent for the oc casion by Professor Broadhurst, who, in fact, vouchsafed tho use of all tho instru ments that were needed. To glance hur riedly through the remainder of tho pro gramme, 11 Ghost^ipon the Brain" elicited one encore, which was responded to 111 an equally humourous composition, entitled "I am something in the City." A sweet song, " Tho Stepping Stone," also elicited an encore, which was responded to by a repeti tion of the last verse. The chorus, •'Night is Advancing," terminated the programme, which was followed by "God bless the Prinqe of Wales," and the National Anthem. We cheerfully compliment our worthy Arch deacon upon tho success which attended tho conccrt in every respect, for the result must have effected a material reduction on the building fund. It is impossible, however, to close this notice of a plcasaut and highly enjoyable ovening without, in jastico to one gentleman, remarking that two or three weeks hence Mr, Broudhuvst's benefit con cort takes placo, when ho will be assisted by Miss Christian, of Melbourne, and several professionals. Iu all certainty the same patronage as was accorded last evening in behalf of tho Church fund will greet Mr. Broadhurst when his turn transpires. The Archdeacon, in a few well chosen words, nml with some emotion, acknowledged the ser vices of thoso who were gathered round him for tho kind assistance and patronago ac cOL'dcd. CJnKUFKi.L has igrccd " that the proposed Land Bill iB not suitablo for the colony in eoncral, and Gi cnfoll in particular." A rail way would satisfy Ciciifell hotter than ninny land bills. 1'okf.k is said to have almost superseded whist in what might bo called its special domain—the Cavcudisli Club, Stophon b Green, Dublin ; indeed, so popular has tlio Yankeo gamo beepmo that Stephen's Grcou has bseu chviatcucd " Poker Flat." • 