CRUMBS SWEPT UP, {sr old becbheb.] The strong keen winds experienced in England and,Walts during March are estimated to hare directly caused 10,000 deaths. . Why couldn't artificial winds of a like character be induced to blow .on ell Land Leaguers and Fenians P The Chinese nature is largely imitative and is therefore easily raised by constant association with honorable and cultured Australian colonists, and without doubt the children, of the Celestial Empire who are tabernacling in our midst are rapidly .becoming impressed with the superiority of .our religion, our social and commercial cus toms, and our Insolvency laws. In the language of Christopher Wren's monument, if you look for an example, Sir, come, spy, see! "Kum Toon Looy (or as the Register puts it, Eumyoon, Loong, and Co.,) a Chinese merchant in Sydney, h«a called a meeting of his creditors. Liabilities, £29,239! assets, £15,602!! deficiency, £10,737!!!" Is it' not said that imitation is the sincerest form of flattery? One of the numerous Smith family, who boasts: of Hie prefix of Daniel, is engaged in stirring up Colonial interest in the long-buried Tichborne case. He wants money to assist in the release of a Parramatta lunatic, who he asserts is the gen ii-»»« Arthur : Orton, and he has been pleading plaintively with the people of Sydney with that objecC' TKe languishing nobleman- of Dartmoor certainly deserves as much compassion and mone tary assistance as does the Irish Land League, but the " Daniel come to judgment" does not possess;the magnetic influence necessary to draw forth the greed " of the Cornstalks, and he is not likely to fare even as well as those " Great Twin Brethren," the Redmonds. The paid apostle of the Seed Wheat Fund, has underfske&fbe.;'adirocacy of the Wellington route in Ihe-Norfta, aud he is sufficiently wide awake to ensure the appearance of telegraphic reports of all his movements, even although, as a general rale, not snore than half a dosen idlers can be drawn together to listen to him. Venning, how ever, does not represent the whole North, and even the agricultural portion of the community would be sorry to commit their way unto him, and it is really astonishing to see the sudden change, of front which the Advertiser has made on the question, presumably because of the clap trap speeches of a hired orator, whose endeavor is to pose as the- disinterested mouthpiece of the universal-North. If the senior proprietor edited thepapier I could understand its violent conver sion, beeeuse every one knows that his sympathies lie in the direction of Wentworth; but, as he is "careful not to,.interfere with the editorial management of the journal," the mystery is not to be-solved: A writer in the Christian Colonist professes to be astonished because rain has lately fallen in large quantities, although the churohea hare not publicly prayed for it. " Like as a father pitieth Ids children so the Lord pitieth them that fear Him," is good Scripture, and an earthly parent does not require to be expressly asked before con ferring a gift upon those who are either ignorant or careless concerning what is good for them. The lhpitation pf the Divine goodness -wlxich is at tempted-by such men as the writer in question is on all fours with his own straitened intelligence doubtless, but it certainly .is -npt in accordance with the teaching of the Great Book. I have been accused of irreverence with regard to Holy things, but surely there is more injustice done to religion by such statements as that" which I have quoted than by the familiar use of some Scripture passages. Hot many years ago one of the Christian Colonist leaders against the prevalent habit of mnpking wound up with the query "How can the Holy Ghost dwell in a breast that is saturated with tobacco smoke ?" so that its edit^r ^ lsaft shopld :be. the last *o find fault with lesser offenders against reverence and good trttfc.1-;- : ' ' The residents of Temora are indignant because certain Chinamen ■ are anxious to make a living from the tailings of some of the deserted miues. We ape told in the..good old book that even the dogseait the crumbs which fall from their master's tabU^ but apparently there is not en extension of " "'esilipe privilege to the almond-eyed Mongo t, and even ground which has been abandoned ijj.ldwwhites must not be trespassed upon by —, The chairman of the meeting which was ids protest against the influx of the patient long-suffering Celestial was ratber taken sk because some disaffected member of the audience accused him of apprenticing his son to a Qbinese blacksmith, and, sad to say, he had to confess to at least a portion of the delicate im peachment because Ins son's brow was actually wet with honest sweat generated at the Celestial forge. Yet is not the consistency of the president on an equality with that of men who are willing to 'take -all they can get from the custom or labor of Chinamen, but. who begrudge them the means of earning an honest though frugal sustenance ? What a howl there would be throughout Christ endom If- Chine' were to put a poll-tax on Englishmen,and Americans, or if the inhabitants of that flowery land were to boycott them in i thmr.xespective businesses! And yet is there ; not jpstice in the assertion that what is sauce for j the goose is equally sauce for the gander? All -the, Roman Catholic Clergy in New South Wales ate npt as liberal as - their cultured Arch bishop, if-we are to judge from a recent telegram, which^osBerts that^_the prieflts. ^t Wicklmm (a, large subhrb of Newcastle) have refused to accord the rites of Christian burial to the remains of a ' man named Patrick Walsh, because he preferred J to-oducate his children properly at a State School1 instead of consigning! them to tlie didactic mercies ! of the ecclesiastics, Once npona time there was Englishman busied in the process of dying amid"fcke inquisition dogs andthe devildoms of Sprfin" andraprderto terrorize Jam into; suffi> ■ciei t sab mission with their church to leave his private fortune for their manipulation, they threatened, all manner of temporal and eternal evils;' At 'last.the climax was reached by the chief priest saying " If you don't consent -we will neither hury you nor permit you to he buried!" "Then Til stink" replied the stubborn prote6t aut and at once turned up his toes. Unfortunately folk brad under the shrouding wing of the Papacy, eannot look on the matter with so much tang froid, and there is considerable excitement at Wickliam. One thing may be said, and that is, that the New South Wales priests are no inspect ors of persons, for the remains of a prominent and innuential member of Parliament were re cently treated in a like manner for a similar offence. A foreign lawyer who graced the last sitting of the Local Court with his presence gave an amusing example of the difference which the fact of the friendship or adverseness of a witness makes to his character and social standing. " My learned, friend," said he, "has called all the tagrag and bobtail of - the district to support his case," and immediately afterwards added, "I will now call Mr. Blank, a gentleman who has been split ting rails all bis life." If the Premier woodcutter of the world, Mr. W. E. Gladstone, had answered to the call I could have understood the reason of the distinction, hut as it was I was unable to see the difference " 'twixt tweedledum and tweedle dee." If it is a fact that civility costs nothing, why will lawyers be so niggardly regarding it P 