Before the Curtain. Opera House, — " Manteaux Noirs " continues to run (or shall we say flow, as a more limpid expression, considering how the house over/lotos nightly) in a way that must be a managerial joy. Souvenirs of Haydn, Lulli, and other old-world chums figure now and again upon the scene, as ghost-like memories. But everybody knows what Mr. nunmng nas to oner, ana is only too pleased to be made laugh incon tinently, without even thinking about sharps and fiats. But every one behind the foot- lights is sharp enough, for all that ; and there are no flits there. Miss lvanova contrives to get more out of the music than she did at first, and, considering its diaphanous nature, makes it a triumph of diaphonios . Mr. Harry Power seems to become more and more the scapegoat of everybody in general, and the King in particular. His Don Josd is a worthy pendant to his Calabazas. It is of a far higher class, and is a piece of fine comedy that almost reminds one of Ronconi s Leporelio. Mr. Deane Brand has improved what little there was to bear it, and causes no wonder that Miss Chard should evince such evident disapproval of the Byronic senti ment ; — " Love's riotous, but marriage should have quiet, And being consumptive, live on a milk diet." Theatre Royal. — " The Grasshopper" has proved a thorough Success, and those who went simply to laugh, go again and again. It is amply peppered withjpungent localisms, and the artistes engaged deserve praise for their skilful use of the gag which certainly is not amiss in a play like this, where the attraction depends almost wholly mi humorous incident, and not on elaboration of the plot. Mr. Harwood is improving every night, and Miss Jennie Lee has polished her already fine assumption of the name part. Gaiety Theatre. — The two plays adapted from the French of DEnnery, which Herr Bandmann has been giving, have much in common. They are not what is generally understood as " sensa tional," but thoroughly " emotional " — that is "gulpy." The situa tions in both are strong, and the principal characters powerfully drawn ; the rest are puppets. But while " Proof " is pathetic and true to nature in its highest tension, " The Woman of the People " is stagey. The exhibition of vice, of whatever kind, is the lowest pos sible form of Art — a fact that cannot be too strongly insisted on now adays — while its moral effect is best evinced by the fact that those wh0 gi'fs and snivel, and applaud the parsonic platitudes in this play Me the first to patronize the adjacent bar between each act. But here is powerful acting in each piece. Herr Bandmann has gained h torce and ease since Mr. Punch last saw him, and, while retaining is old power of riveting attention, has acquired a greater mastery of the English tongue. J from Tuesday's Herald : "Two gentlemen who know, and are P oceeding to the diamond district of Canterbury, seek pecuniary aid, Mge share will be given. Explicit." A large share of what ? Of 8 pecuniary aid, or the diamond district, or the two gentlemen ? M ad. is not very explicit, but it is certainly condemned cook hpanu consummation devoutodly to be wished : — The restoration to un of the genial Postmaster-General, 