I MX IiAByS PLOT; s . ? OB, THB , ©host of Diavolo Castle. ^ f CHAPTER XLVI. : . Nina's -warm tears, and soft fingers and lips v. ?gainst Mr. . Allingham's hand, -with Norman '?'' Severeaz's broken, vehement outburst of grati L facie, rolled him to the present. { He lo«ed up with a sad smile. | Bofbefore he could speak Rudolph ended the scene. - . . JL TATV fmnhininna irhrAnlr nf t*nlnriT aVin-nnncr through the white paint on his cheeks, and a very '{ ? suspicious hoarseness in his voice, the faithful fellow said hastily, perauasirely : : * Excuse me. Miss Beauckanxp, but you'll tie dead dona if you stay here a minute longer !j Shall I open. the trap fatjaa, Miro ? Itfsnightftj 2k, and — ' i Norman Devereux and ^Tina Jaterposed a quick negative at the same moment. 'Norman Deve leiac harried on. . *I feel a strange approhensiveness at the though o£ your occupying that .chamber to : night 2' he said. 'lieel—k : ??? ± %' So do I !' broke in Sfina, feverishly. ? ? ' And so do I ! ' added Jlr. AUinghani. ^ Rudolph looked from one to the other as if a little doubtful of their mental balance. T But instead of explaining hia singularly em phatic declaration^ Mr. Allingham, hastily ? directing Rudolph to properly secure the stone 'chamber, kd the way back to the gorgeous apartmeniProni which he had been so startingly drawn. * , He seated his anxious guests, and then, taking . a chair near them, abruptly returned to the sub j'-vw 'vjuv OUULV 4.U LUC aU\Ji*V VUOLUllVl-t ' Tour presence in the castle/ he said, addres sing Colonel Devereux, ?* mnst of necessity be a disturbing one f o its master and mistress, and, on that account, I would advise your return to your bedroom the instant we reach some conclu sion in regard to Miss Bean champ's — * ' That may be quickly done,' eagerly inter posed Norman Devereux. ' J53es Beauchainp's mends, Doctor and Mire. Jeffries, with her own faithful maid, are at Preibarg-, hoping and wait ing for tidings of her. To- morrow they can be here to receive her.' He got no further. With a joyous ejaculation Nina repeated his words aa £oon as she could speak. ' * Doctor and Mrs. Jeffries an4 Lucy at Frei burg £ she cried. * Oh, Norman ! Norman! how did it all happen ?' 'In the plainest words and the briefest manner possible Norman Devereux. told her, beginning at the moment of his own surprising appearance at ? ' Portland Place. Questions and answers followed in quick suc cession on both sides, and, in a few minutes, all that could be told had been told. 'The cast of iny head,' said Nina,' in reply to Norman Devereux's inquiry, 'must have been obtained by means of drags/ \- * It was/ declared Mr. Allingham, sadly, again addressing Norman Devereux. ' From the mo ment of Miss Beauchamp's flight to Sudolph's oottage, to the moment that I caught her in my arms from beside the coffined image of herself , I was watching over her. Consequently, by a -Shance, I happened to be behind the curtains the ? night it was done. For a long time I was in doubt as to the nature of the plot, but finally by various means at my command succeeded in gain ing a full knowledge of all it» intricacies. '' Desiring to make the rescue as confusing to me minos 01 my wile ana son as possible, I de ferred it until the hour of the scene just now so graphically described by Mies Beauchamp. But,' he suddenly exclaimed, ' we are forgetting the passing moments. It would prove a serious mis fortune for you to be missed from your chamber/ ? * But there can be no danger of that,' hastily answered Norman Devereux. ' At my own urgent .request I occupy the so-called haunted chamber/ 'So you have already stated/ rejoined Mr. AHingham, ' but neyiftrthfiless I am anxious, JMjp son hates you, and rulelit dare the terrors of the ichamber in order to assure himself that you were ..not suspiciously prowling about the castle. For that reason I never should hav« consented to your spending the night here and transferring the chamber to Miss Beauchamp.! ? Norman Devereux hastily acquiesced, and at once rOTirned to the subject of Nina's removal from the castle. * I propose/ he said, 'to leave here with the iirst streak of dawn. Money will procure a horse and hy hard ridins I shall be able to catch a com paratively early train for- Freiburg. I shall at once return with Mi6s Beauchamp's friends and ier insid, and some time before midnight we may be expected at Rudolph's eoltage/ Mr. Allingham hurriedly shook his head. Nina nfctereji a sorrovef ui cry. Obi Horman, she exclaimed, * that would he ruinous to Rudolph, and also to Mr. Allingham. Doctor Allingham would raze the castle to the ? jjround. Day and night, Norman, his men are on the watch. There is not an hour that I can ? aafely star out for a hreath of fresh air !' ' . Norman Devereux started excitedly to his feet. With a quick firm movement Mr. Allingham stretched out his hand and put him back. ' Sit down/ he said. ' Don't waste precious time. There is a way/ The young officer breathed an inaudible thanks g*ving, and Nina clasped her hands in a speech es joy. 'A very dangerous way/ pursued Mr. Alling ham, with grave, anxious emphasis, *'bnt still a tray, and — the only way. Listen/ For five minutes he spoke in pained, rapid accents. At the end of those five minutes he turned to Nina. - - rIt is for you, my dear, to decide,' he said. * Have you the nerve for the ordeal ?' The girl's face was as pale as death, but her i lovely hazel eyes shone with courageous fire. 4 '1 have/ she said. Norman Devereux's anxious brow relaxed, and in a- passion of ' love and admiration he caught her oold trembling-hand to his lips. \- .' Heaven bless you, my darling !' he cried, im petuously. But Mr. Allingham, solicitously observant of the dead, pallor of the exquisite face, said gently. 'Think, again, my dear. My son will even Inally weary of this vain watch, and until this * iune you have here a safe asylum and a devoted . ?... ^protector.' . .'.;. .\\. \''- '?''''? Nina reiterated her simple answer. ,,.' : ' ? ' But this time \t warn spoken with a look and ' tone that eloquently expretsed her boundless gratitude and deathless affeotion. :--'\^---:~ '?' A few jnore minutes were eonsnmed in making P the necessary arrangements for. the dangerous undertaking ©f the; following nigh*, and then ?Norman Dorareux rose. He folded Nina in a silent, agitated embrace, and grasped Mr.'AHingham'a iand with an emo lion ho vainly strove to control. * Too will some day/ he eaid, brokenly, 'con cent to forsake this sad life, and, with Budolph, make one of oar household. ¥ou«hall be* father to us, and we shall be your devoted children/ ? ' , * F«r a .moment Mr. AJlinghato was incapable of epeech. Nina tearfully joined in her lover's en treaty. .? .' ?' .?? ..??.?-? .-:' ? ????;? r1'; ' ''JDtear, dear Mr. Allingham, say yes V -she ?said. . . - ?'..... .:-:,, ;. ??'-':'? ?.-?,--/? ;.???????- ??-?? ? ??-? Mr. Allingham pointed upward. . , -We ahaU d»reE^toget£er there/ he said hoarsely. VTiUi^t home isxaa^ied*ny place Sg Iiere. I bare vowed -mysfilf 'to the esivattonof my wife and son. BntyouwilliromBtimesIetmehea* *m „? ? ? „ ,- - ^—ii ?lA.JlilJtffcl. 3* ''?!.'? -'? -?'?? --'.^ f ??-»':? -.'?? ''v;' MtpBi. you,.wy yfmnrpn r_. ? ?? ;. ., . , : ? - ? .;?-. '^Ofteii.ofteail' cried Nortnan and :2fina,;.\riai ^emotion. :*^BfA^miinSi always ''.i^oo^cMBtJM^ tersP' .. ..: :??:,..:. ?.- ?'? ,:y-.^.^-~ : ?^?^SU^-Jt'i . : v Igr. ^j ]^ingh|um tnhnttij bowad Ms headj And Late as the hour was, the young officer retired and nlthotigh he did not expect to 4o more than rest his weary limbs, he instantly fell into a deep and refreshing' slumber. ? ? ? , Me awoke with, the- first promise of dawn, the vague sense of misery with which his awakening had so long been burdened hanging over him like a pall. ? ' ? ' But as a recollection of the events of the past night rushed over his mind, he sprang joyously from the bed. ' His first act, as bis last had been on retiring, was to sink upon his knees and thank Him. from whom all mercies Sow. - . That reverent and grateful act performed, he dressed with all' speed, and descended to the rotunda. His hope that he might be fortunate enough to find a servant astir was realised. As he entered the rotunda by one_door, the servant he had favoured the night before appeared at the other. The man touched his forelock with an expres sion of surprise. _ * Ton are not going, sir ?' he exclaimed, glan-, cing at tho knapsack and. staff slung over the young officer's shoulder. ' If you can do me the favour to let me out/ answered Norman Devereux, pleasantly. The two were barely visible to each other in the grey light creeping through the high, sli£ Hke windows, but Norman Devereux fancied there was a momentary hesitation in the man's face and air. Whether he was right or wrong, the fellow yras all polite alacrity the next. In less time than the young officer would have deemed possible he found himself without the castle gates. , Hi.' bestowed a gratuity npon the man, and then charging him with a coldly courteous mes sage for Doctor and Mrs. AllingKam., drew a smotiiered breata of relief, and hurried away. The inafflooked admiringly after the fine, mus cular form a momont., and then hastily re-locked tho gate and dashed to his master's chamber. Entering without ceremony, he made known -nr errand in three ringing words. * Bte'a gone, sir !' he cried. (to bjs coNinruED.) 