WIT UH- HflftfR. An old lady, hearing of the strike of the wire-drawers, exclaimed, ' Wire drawers ! Gracious me! What new-fangled thing will folks be wearing next ? ' ' I am speaking,' eaid a long-winded orator, ' for the benefit of posterity.' 'Yes,' said one of his hearers, 'and if yon keep on much longer yonr audience will he here.' She was a Cleveland lady, and she stood watching a boat loaded with ice. ' What is that boat loaded with !' 'Ice,' was the reply. ' Oh, my ! ' she exclaimed in surprise, ' if the horrid stuff should melt, the water would sink the boat.' Teacher: 'In the sentence, ?Marv love3 John,' what does 'John' agree with?' Bright scholar: 'With Mary.' Teacher : ' With Mary ? How do you make that out ? ' Bright scholar : ' 'Cause Mary wouldn't love him if he didn't agree with her.' Someone says watch a woman's lip if you want to know whether s! e is offended or her feelings are hurt. History and humau experience, and careful observation, all prove that it is much safer to watch her right hand, and see whether it reaches for the mop- handle or not. A plasterer and his boy being employed to whitewash a house by the day were soted'iouE that the owner asked the lad, in his master's absence, when he thought they would have done. The boy bluntly replied, ' Master's looking far another job, and if he finds one we shall make au end this week.' ' Really, my dear,' said poor Mr. Jones to his baiter half, ' you have- sadly disappointed me. I once considered yotta jewel of a woman, but you've turned out a bit of matrimonial paste.' ' Then, love,' was the reply, ' console yourself with the idea that paste is very adhesive, and will stick to you as rong asyouUve.' A lady, who had company to tea, reproved her little son several times, speaking, however, very gently. _ At last, out of patience with him, she 6aid, sharply : 'Jimmy, if you dou't keep still, I'll send you away from the table.' ' Yes, that's what you always do when there is company, and there's not enough cookies to go round,' was the reply of the gifted youth. A Reason for Everything.— First Sub. : ' I say, old chap, you'll be getting into trouble With that dog of yours. He bit one of the men crossing the barrack- square yesterday.' Second Sub.: 'Don't believe it! Or, if he did, the man must have been running, or whistling, or swinging his arms, or blowing his nose, or doing something or another to provoke him.' ' They err who tell as politeness has fled,' says a French paper, and calls to witness the following postcript to a letter Lately received bv the Due de X.. from the steward of one of his estates:— 'I beg that your Grace will excuse me for having taken the liberty of writing this letter in my shirt-sleeves, but the excessive heat has compelled mc to be guilty of this apparent dis respect.' It is said that Dr. Weir Mitchell, returning late from a party in a neighbouring city once, wakened his sister to tell her what he thought was too good to keep till morning. A lady had been introduced to him, and, considering him a scientific man, wished to direct her conversation accordingly. ' Doctor,' said, she, ' don't you think the cause of so much sickness is the want of sozodont in the air ? ' Katie recently said to her mistress, ' I know a girl who has been keeping company three years with a young man, and was married two weeks ago, and last night he was run over by the cars and killed. Ain't that discouraging ? ' This reminds one of the discouragement of the man who, when asked about the health of his wife, replied : ' She may get well, and she may not ; there is danger both ways.' A member of a certain congregation not 100 miles from Tynemoutli, who is by trade a butcher, met a friend, who is in the same line of business, in a hostelry the other day. The latter asked the worthy local senator how he was, and was told in reply that he had a bad face from toothache, and a sore ankle. The other said gravely, to the amusement of the company, ' Confound it, man, you have got the foot-and-mouth disease.' A few nights ago an Austin man was awakened by a burglar opening a shutter. The disturbed proprietor ot the house got out his pistol, remarking to his wife, ' 1 am not quite sure this pistol is loaded. The burglar, however, overheard the remark, and being a readca of the newspapers, and remembering how niuny accidents happen from handling unloaded pistols, fled in wild dismay, leaving his professional instruments behind him. Epitaph on a lombstome in Chautauque County :— Neuralgia worked on Mrs. Smith, Till 'ncath the sod it laid her ; She was a worthy Methodist, And served as a crusader. Friends came delighted at the call, In plenty of good carriages ; Death is the common lot of all, And comes more oft than marriages. ' Several members of the congregation,' remarked the Rev. Esaias Plushpounder, just before giving out the text, 'say that my sermons are entirely too long. Well, brethren, that may be true ; but it is equally true that the collections are always very short, and between the pulpit and the pews we average things about right.' And then the good old man sailed in, and. let them have clear through to 17thly and 12.30 o'clock ; but they rattled him a collection that fairly made the baskets creak. A Mount Ilolyoke girl, who was studying to be a missionary,, wrote the following on the fly-leaf of her text-hook on ' Moral Science,' the name of the author of which is sup- ... pressed on account of the respectability of his family :— ?' If there should he another flood, For refuge hither fly ; Though all the world should be submerged, This book would still be dry.' Oh, Woman! Woman.— Mamma: 'Both Smylhe and. Robson were most attentive to Cclia last night. Papa ! Robson's as good as gold, with the temper of an angel— like herself '.—and Smvthe's a heartless, selfish dissipated Voung fiend 1 I do hope it will he Robson Papa : ' Well, I don't know. If Robsou's really all you say she'll precious soon get tired of him. Whereas, from your description of Smythe, I fancy she would be able to love him faithfully all her life long. Any woman would I' Cotton Statistics. — During the cotton-picking season in Texas a coloured man who had gone into the country to pick cotton returned very much disgusted. ' Didn't you git no offec to pick cotton ? Yes, sich as dev was. A white man offered me one-fouith of what I picked. I' jess took a look at de field, and I saw for mreelf dat when hit was all picked, hit would amount to one-fourth, so I leff for home.' ' You was in luck dat you. didn't get fooled.' ' You bet I was. My 'refmetic was all what saved me. I tells you, send yer chilluns to school.' A tearless grief. — I saw you at the funeral the other dav,'said one lady to another 'yesterday. 'Yes; I saw you. too.' ' How natural the corpse looked.' 'Just like marble.' 'I never heard a more affecting funeral sermon; did you?' 'Never. And iust think of it, when everybody was crying, I reached for mv' handkerchief, and found, to my horror, that it was a red one I had in mv pocket.' ™ Goodness ! What did you do ?' » Why, I didn't cry. How could I, when everyone else iu church was using white ? ' An Exasperating Waiter.— Austin was crowded with, strangers in attendance on Democratic Congressional Convention - Hence the waiters at the hotel were somewhat pushed, and could not wait on the guests as promptly as the latter desired. One o£ the San Antonio delegates, after waiting an hour or so, bawled out, ' Here, I only ordered a cup of coffee, and I've had to wait for nearly an hour.' ' Hit's your own fault, sah,' repliicd the coloured waiter ; ' you could ha' waited for beefsteak, fish, per taters, and almos' everything else, ef you had only ordered 'em. De reason you only waited for coffee am bekase you didn't order nuffinclse.' They Understood each Other. — Old Mosa and. another venerable old darky were Etanding in front of a store ia Austin Avenue, when Jiui Webster happened to pass. ' Dar's moah den forty chicken thieves in Austin, ihcludin' Jim Web ster,' remarked Mose. Webster overheard the remark* and returning, asked for an explanation, with a hos tile air. He also carried a heavy cane. ' Mister Webster, I wouldn't hurt your feeling for a thousand, dollars. I didn't mean to say dar was a dozen chicken thieves in Austin including yourself.' 'What did you mean to say ?' ' Nuffin in de world 'ccptin* dat dar was a dozen chicken, thieves in Austin not includin' yerself.' Jim was very mucli affected, and he replied, in a husky tone of voice, ' Uncle Mosc. when a man 'pologises he jest disarms me right dar. Gimme yer hand. 'Tain't offen anybody flatters me as you have done.' The following story is told of Bensley, the actor. The spirits who alarm Richard HI. in his tent were wont to appear up a trap cn buste. Bensley, having been playing Henry ;VL, was waiting impatiently to display his upper half as his own ghost, and, having been invited to sup with some convivial friends after the performance, had divested himself of half of his costume tOB&we; time. Presently he appeared under the stage, his upper ''' solemnly arrayed in black velvet and bugles, the lower in a tight pair of smart new nankeen pantaloons. He placed himself upon the platform, cautioning the carpenter at the winch not to raise him too high, and, the cue being given, np he went. Close by stood a mischievous low comedian, who had been laughing at Bccsley's odd appearance, and the spirit of fun being too strong for him, he suddenly gave the winch a few rapid turns, tan King Henry up the level of the stage, and jerked him forward fall into the sight of the audience. The roar of laughter which arose was tremendous. Even the conscience-smitten terrified tyrant in the 1 tent at the sight of the old Lancastrian monarch in a costume belonging to two such different periods sat up and roared with the rest. 