THAT BAB BOY AGAIN. ' Well, great JuliuB Caesar's bald-beaded ghost, what's the matter with you ?' said the grocery nun to the bad boy, as he came into the grocery on crutches, with one arm in a sling, one eye blackened and a strip of court plaster across one side of his face. ' Where was the explosion, or have you been, in a fight ? Of has your pa been giving you what you deserve with a dub ? Here, let me help you. There, sit down on that keg of applejack. Well, by the great guns, you look as though you had called somebody a liar. What's the matter t' And tbe grocery man took the crutches and stood them up against the show case. 'Ob, there's not much the matter with me,' said the, boy in a voice that sounded all broken ap, as. he took a big apple off a basket, and began peeling it with bis upper front teeth ' If you think I am a wreck you ought to see the iT-iniirt**r- They had to carry him home in instalments, tbe way they boy sewing machines. X am all right, bat they have got to stop him up with oakum and tar before he will ever bold water again. 1-- ' ' Good gracious, you have not had a fight with the minister, have you ? Well, I have said all tbe time, and I stick to it, that you would commit a crime yet, and go to State prison. What was the fuss about?'1 and the grocery man laid the hatchet out of the boy's reach for fear he would get excited and kill him. 'O, it wan't no fnss. It was in the way of business. Von see the livery man that I was working for promoted me. He let me drive a horse to haul sawdust for bedding first and when he found I was real careful he let me drive an express waggon to haul trunks. Day before yesterday I think it was —(Yes, I was in bed all day yesterday) —day before yesterday there was a funeral, and our stable famished the outfit. It was only a common eleven dollar funeral, so they let me drive the horse for the minister — you know, the buggy that goes ahead of the hearse. They gave me an old horse that is thirty years old, that has not been off a walk since nine years ago, and they told me to give him a loose rein and he would go along all right. It'* theeame old horse thatosed to pace so fast an the avenue, years ago, but I didn't know it. Well, I wasn't to blame. I just let him walk along as though he was hauling saw. dost, aod gave him a loose rein. When we got off of the pavement the fellow that drives the hearse, be was in a hurry, 'cause his folks was going to have ducks for dinner and he wanted to get back, so he kept driving alongside of my baggy, and telling me to ho try up. I wouldn't do it, 'cause the livery man told toe to walk tbe horse. Then the minister he got nervous, and said he didn't know as there was any use of going so slow because he wanted to get back in time to get his lonch and go to a ministers' meeting in the after noon ; bat I told him we would all got to the cemetery soon enough if we took it cool, and as for me I wasn't in no sweat. Then one of the drivers that was driving the mourners, he came np and aaid he had to get hack in time to run a wedding down to tbe ooe o'clock train, and for me to poll out a little. I have Been enough of disobeying orders, and I told him a fooeral in the hand was worth two weddings in the bush ; and, as far as I was concerned, this funeral was going to be conducted in a decorous manner, if we didn't get back till the next day. Well, the minister said in hia regular Sanday -school way, * My little man, let me take hold of tbe lines, ; and like a darn fool I gave them to him. He slapped tbe old horse on the crupper with the tines, and then jerked np ; and the old horse stuck up his off ear; and then the hearse driver told the minister to pall bard and saw an the fait a little, and the old horse would wake up. The hearse-driver n*edto drive the , old pacer on the track, and be knew what he wanted. Tbe minister took off his gloves and put his umbrella down between as. aod pulled bis hat dovn tight on bis head, and began to pull and saw on the bit. Tbe oUl cripple began to move along sort of sideways, like a hog going t-* war, and the minister pulled some more, and the hearse-driver, who was right behind, he said, feo yon could hear him clear to Waukesha, ' We-up,1 and the old horse kept going faster. Then the minister thought the proceseiou was getting too r\uick , and he pulled harder and yelled ' who-a,' and that made the old horse worse, and 1 looked ! through the little window in tbe bu^y top behind, and the hearse was about two blocks behmd, ao-l the driver was laughing, and tbe minister he got pale and said ' May little man j guess you better drire,' aod I eaid 'Not much. Mary Ann, you woniin't let me run this funeral the way 1 wanted to, and now yon can boss it, if yon will let me get out ; but there was a street car ahead, and all of a sadden there was a earthquake, and when 1 come to there was about GOO people pouring water down my neck, and the hearse was hitched to the fence, and tbe hearse-dritvtr was askioi; if my leg* was broke, and a policeman was fanning the minister with a plug hat that looked as though it had been struct by a pile driver, and some poepte were hauling our trying to take the old pacer oat of the window ' of the street-car, and then I guess I fainted away again. O, it was worse than telescoping a train loaded with cattle. ' Well, I swan,' said the grocery man as he pat some esgs in a funnel-shaped brown paper tor a servant girL ?' What did the minister say when he come tot' 'Say! What coold he say? He jost yelled * who-a, ' and kept saving with his hands, as thought he was driving. 1 heard that tbe policeman was going to pall him for fast driving, till he fouud it was m accident. They told me, when they carried me home in a baek, that it was « wonder everybody was cot killed ; and when I got home pa wat going to sass me, until the hearse-driver told him it was the minister that was to blame I want to find out if they got the minister's umbrella btck. The last I see of it, the umbrella was running op hit trouser'e leg, and die point came out by the small of his back. But I am all ricbt--4BlT my «htf eider sprained, aod mv legs tanshftd.andtnyeyehbck- XehallbeaU right and BbaU go to work to-morrow, 'cause tbe livery man says I was the only one in tbe crowd that had any sense. I understand tie minister ie going to take a vacation on account of his liver and nervous prostration. I would if I was him. I never saw a man that had nervous prostration any more frh*n he ^'^ when they fished him ont of tbe barbed-wire fence after we struck the street-car.. Bat that settletbe minister bosineGB with. me,' The next time I drive a mroiBter to a funeral he vriU walk.' 