THE ANGLICAN BISHOP AND THE SUNDAY SCHOOL. UNION. On Friday evening, June 29, a service of a more than usually interesting nature was held at St. Peter's Cathedral, in which a large number of persons took part Dedicated as the cathedral is to St. Fetor as its patron saint, it has always been the custom that special servicesahould be held upon the festival of St. Peter's Day, bat Bishop Keanion h?s tiiia year introduced a new element of excep tional interest, which not only had the effect of rendering the attendance on Friday a very large one, but also gave to the service a peculiarly diocesan character, in the fast that the congregation represented the leading church workers from all the parishes within the boundaries and within easy access of Adelaide. When requested to give a special address to the teachers in Sunday- schools in connection with the union, Bishop Kennion fixed St. Peter's Day as a fitting occasion for such a meeting. It was felt that not only was St. Peter's Day associated with memories near and dear to many who had watched the cathedral rise from the ground, but that as the cathedral church of the diocese nomore'suitable place or day could be found for gathering together and reminding of their common bond of action those who as active workers in the cause of the church which they supported had undertaken the teaching of the children in the Sunday schools of the parishes where they lived. The prayers were said by Canon Green, and the lessons were read by the Rev. F. S. Poole and Canon Andrews. Bishop Kennion took for his text part of 15th verse of St John, 21, "Feed my lambs." He first alluded to the special appropriateness of the day for hold ing such a gathering. The first bishop of the see had been consecrated in the ancient Abbey of Westminster on St Peter's Day, and we had now in our midst our College of St. Peter. He would pray that God would grant to him and to all of them more and more of the spirit of St. Peter. The words "Feed my sheep" had been uttered on a very memorable occasion. Our Lord was restoring St. Peter to the position he was to hold up tie shepherd of the sheep. One of our Lord's own titles was that of the " Good Shepherd,' 9 and He had taken it be cause there was no other title which so aptly described the close union between our Lord and bis followers as the relationship which existed between the eastern shepherd and his sheep. He would ask them to notice first the need that existed of feeding the sheep. It was on account of this need that our Lord gave this as a special charge to His church, and because the church had recognised her duty in this respect, tire old custom of cate chising children had arisen. That now in days when it was difficult to carry this out as fully as had been originally intended, the church hadfound no better or higher task than instruction in the Sunday-school from those who so lovingly worked among the children. He recognised that they had accepted a great responsibility in the work, which in the church's way they were endeavoring to carry out. There were two principles which mast actuate them—first, love to the blessed Lord TTimnrif- It was impossible that they as Sunday-school teachers could do their work if they were not penetrated with love for Him, and so it was that before our Lard commissioned St. Peter, He asked the ques tion, "LovestthouMe?" Would they make answer, "Lord, Thou knowest that I lore Thee. 9 He would not pursue the subject; it was best .learnt on their knees in their secret chamber. Then, secondly, he would have them notice there was something more than repetition in the command. It was. Feed my I^?^ shepherd my sheep, feed my little sheep. Our Lard recognised a distinction. It was not simply dealing out instruction anyhow—there was need of special treatment for each — there was need of tender nourishment — there was need of individual attention: they would learn from this how thoughtfully they must give their tawhing. He would ask them to gather up a few simple principles with regard to their teaching which were all concentrated in the little tword "My." "Feed my sheep"—what were'the prevailing principles of religious feeling which they saw around them? Was it not that in general with a certain knowledge of all that Jesus Christ bad done for them, with a vague hope *<??*? there would come over them some change which would make them worthy of being counted children of God? Many persons had a kind of idea that our blessed Lord had done all that was necessary for them, so that some day all would come right with their souls. All that our religion is and wants is read in that little word "My." That God's dear Son came to earth from heaven to found a kingdom here—in Older to bring that king dom to us that we should belong to Him as members of His kingdom—and He bade His apostles go to open the gates of the kingdom to all the world that they might teach all people that they were to be part and parcel of that kingdom. And He came to found this kingdom that we should recognise the King is with as—He cares for us—He stands at hand to help us; that at baptism we were brought into the kingdom; that then we re ceived His Holy Spirit—proceeding from the Father and the Son —the Spirit which circu lated in the people as die members of His body—as the members of His kingdom. Sow they saw the force of thelittle word "My." They should teach their scholars they already belonged to God; they were now the lambs of Jesus; they wave already bought by His precious blood when brought into the king dom ; andthat the spirit of sonship should burn witJiin tf?^wi f wiiii obedience, and hope t*haiwtfiytTg the i*fa of those they were training. They lost much by not realising this society—die church. The next thought he wished to bring before them wat that of certain of the lessons they should always be inculcating. In the baptismal service the child is to be instructed in "The creed, the Lord's prayer, and the Ten Com mandments." Did they ever +*?foik how much principle was contained in that? First, the creed. The children of the kingdom were to be trained in faith —faith in God the Father, faith in God the Son, faith in God the Holy Ghost The first teaching must be concerned with God the Father—the Father who counted them as His children. This altered the whole aspect of our religion. The child was not to go about hoping; he may rest assured that He is our Father in heaven. And the next great article was—l believe in God tbe Sod, who hath redeemed me and all mankind. I will just remind you of a very wonderful prayer in the confirmation service: —"Almighty and everlivingGod, who hast vouchsafed to regenerate these Thy servants by water and the Holy Ghost and nast given unto them forgiveness of all their sins." And in the epistles we have verses with the smlc meaning—" who hath delivered us and hath translated us iw*?? ??>?? kingdom of His dear Son"—not will, but hath, which made all the difference in the world. And then again— "I believe in the Holy Ghost, who sanctifies me." They were chosen by God that they might realise that the Holy Ghost was given to renew them and to enable them to live by His power. And (2) tt?? children of the kingdom were to be trained in the teaching of hope, for what was prayer but the expression of hope. It was the hope that there was one whom, though we saw Him not, was always near to help us in our time of need. As sailors on some vessel cast her anchor and know that it will grasp a sure foundation, so our prayers pass through beyond our sight right into the heavens. The veryact of prayer rerivesour hope. They might remember they were teaching boys and young men who might fall into sin, ana then go on from worse to worse. Did they ever teach them that they were never to despair? Had they impifw+odi in their tfiachinir not only that faith which can lay hold of God, but even if they had fallen that hope which clings to the belief that the grace of God can bring them back again? That worst of all sins is to despair, and that when once begun a man must go on in a course of sin. And (3) the chfldrden of the kingdom must be trained in the principle of the Ten Command ments, which is love—for love is the fulfilling of the law. They must be taught they can not keep God's will unless they are filled with love to Him. Not without those helps God S* yes through his various means of graoe. By is preventing spirit especially by that means of grace which brings us closest to Him. These three principles they were to press home; they were to teach them how they belonged to Jesus Christ; how they were to be growing in faith, in hope, in love; they were to unfold to them those helps God gives and to love him; He had given His life for ihem, and *Ji?t ir?? ma guiding His flock home to the fold from whence there would be no more straying away. 