The result of the polling on Thursday, considered as a whole, will, we are sure, be regarded as satisfactory by all who desire to see our government restored to the ordinary course, and the business of the country placed on a sound footing. For a considerable time we hare been wandering in devious mazes lost. The departure from the right path made how many years ago was, as all such departures are, fatal to the efficacy and even stability of our institutions, and it cannot be denied that the colony has presented a scene of what may be called political cusseduess, unparalleled in any other British community. This state of affairs may be said to have come prac tically to an end when the O’Loghlen Ministry took office, because- the very fact of its being able to do so was a proof that old things were passing away, and that time and expe rience had .wrought a most marked and salutary change. The old cries had lost their power, the old feuds were for gotten, and there was no longer any alleged tyranny on the part of the Upper House, or of a section of the community, to afford fuel for the fires which agi tators were so fond of lighting up. But, the advent of the O’Loghlen Ministry was but the beginning of the end. It was a stop-gap. It was a temporary expedient. It was a sort of neutral power which was allowed to occupy the position - pending further developments, and which was permitted to carry oh the business of the country as : a locum, ienens. . The fears of the party which called itself Constitutional kept that Ministry in power far. beyond - the term first assigned to it, and endowed it with functions that it was never. meant to fulfil. We need not trace out the little intrigues, the paltry arts, the devices and the craven fears by which this was brought about, but we know that the Ministry degenerated into a mere holder of office, which could not do the most ordinary work, aud was actually unable to get a single item of the Estimates discussed after the lapse of nine months. It was kept together by the Bail way Bilh That measure, be it said to the shame of the majority of the House, in fact practically to the shame of the whole of the House, was sufficient to set all considerations of public utility aside, and the colony had for months to witness a scene of scramble for lines by members who were quite careless as to whether they were useful or practicable, and who only sought to get a seeming advantage for their own districts. The end, which should have come months before, as we so frequently pointed out, came with the failure of the loan, when the Francis party screwed up its courage to do at last what it should have done at the beginning of the session, that-is, resolve to try to end the sorry farce and stop any farther' waste of time. The in evitable result was an appeal to the country, which must have been made no matter when the Ministry saw defeat ahead, and the only, difference is, that we have to-day what we might and ought to have had six months, ago. . This time we must write off in the national ledger. It is time lost. It is the price -paid for the half-hearted, namby-pamby policy of one section of the House, which did not then know its own mind, for . the best of all reasons, that it had no mind to know. Having reached at last’ the point which we might have reached six months £go, we may how judge how far an estimate of the actual situation was ; cbrrect. Hn the - .first place, .the eUctieh is. clearly a'de feat (fftfoe; parties'aUronnd.'; The. Min istry!* sirin'ffith' Us.deader. The at tempts of-; both tUe Argpiaai the Age to. dictate to: Zho electors have been' in '.vain, and .those two papers;, have .had no more influence' on the 'results -than the smallest sheet leaned in the most'obseure township In tho colony. Tbs electors have chosen the : persons : ttey we** posi- lively told not to choose, and rejected' "those who- were thm?t figeh them. Everywhere the Argils sappost sVems.to have been fatal to the candidates, though we see the,persons elected are duly.pa raded as staunch Constitutionalists. On the other hand, the Berryite cause has had a severe shaking. Mr Berry him-’ self has barely secured his aiat, oad hie henchmen have been knockad v aboo& like ninepins. The position of Hr Fidaham on the poll for’ i ßaUara£"Weat is,, in itself, a severe rebuke to the ■ extreme Radicals, if they. deserye so good a name, for ho was doataed by them to annihilation. Mr Beiigmore disappears with aQ his'pbwers for ta.igchi,e/.makiug» and thus another tortiulont disturber of the peace is disposed oh The victory is not, to Radicals or Conservatives, but to a third party, and yre, [need not trouble ourselves about' tho lists in: the industrious Melbourne papers, which appear to have very strong Little Peddlingtoa proclivities. The Catholic party has ' suffered by the loss of Sir John O’Shanassy, and owes much of its unpopularity to the Grattan address, which has never yet been repu diated by one of the persons who signed it. / As the Premier is defeated, the Ministry; will, we presume, resign at once, and we shall net have to wait long. to eee what really is the state of parties. We have no hesitation in affirming that it will be found that the two eld parties are practically dead, and that the imme diate outcome of the situation will be a new, combination. ‘ In fact,' what we have indicated for some- time hasoome to pass. From this date we begin again. Another epoch, well marked, has began, and we hope and believe that it will prove to be very diffesent from the one that has rolled away like a black clond be fore a healthy and strong breeze. If others choose' to quarrel about names, they may, we shall not. If we get the sub stance the others are weleorae to the shadow. ' The dissolution, like a thunderstorm, has eleared the atmosphere/- Political parties already begin to feel a free and wholesome vigour in their veins, and they wonder at the despondency and bad thoughts 'which possessed them so short a time ago. The nauseous fames and dank vapours have been swept away, and people feel once more free to act, and are ready to acf, with goad-will and kindly co- operaticm. 'The preachers of envy, hate and all uncharitableness have been taken by the throat and shaken; until they have begun to per ceive that their- old vindictive tactics will avail them no more,. and that they must return to the ways of prudence and decency. It is said in Geelong that Mr Berry has not been sent away, bat that he has got Boliee.to quit. Cer tainly, the position which he occupies as third on the poll, in a locality where he has beenforyears all-powerful, is very sig nificant, and is what the boys call a “ widdy widdy warning,” of which he and othersi will do well to take notice, and make a careful note of. We are not'going to rush into ectasies, as some persons in Geelong have, and declare that The tyrant is bound and in prison, The Berry is cast in the mire; if for no other reason, then, because the chances are exceedingly grei»t that if he is in prison he is not in the mire. We do not know what sort of prisons they have in Geelong for politicians, but we assume that they are cot full of mire, though mud and some poli ticians would seem to be closely allied. The rebuff of Mr Berry and the fate of several ether more or less violent politicians, however, have a -moral in them, and they are most portentous signs of the times. We; 'preached the funeral sermon of the old parties some time ago, but they did not know that were dead till yesterday. In fact, we can see that many persons, -especially the wise ones on the Mel bourne press, cannot be got to believe it "Tyet, and they are at work with their galvanic batteries and other appliances seeking to get a semblance of life out of the corpses. Bat, it is.ho use; there is not a lack left in them. Nothing re mains' but to bury them as decently as possible; Heaping over their corpses cold Blossoms and leaves instead of mould; so that the festering mass beneath may at least hide its offensivenesa from all eyes for evermore. We moat willingly say farewell to them, and fervently hope that they will rest 'in peace, and that their ghosts will not haunt the glimpses of the moon to bewilder the Sidrophels who presides so wisely over some of our contemporaries. Already we are asked to believe that dire plots have been frustrated, and the search for mates’- nesta has begun in the usual way. The ruling passion is strong in death, and we may excuse the friends of the poor deceased who rail over their graves, and cannot make out why they died. Bat, they need not he long in doubt about this. The. two. ex treme parties have died ■ for the very good reason that they could not live, their end had emnt>, their race was run, they were obsolete, a nuisance and a disgrace. For months they have been shadows. They are gone and peace be with them, for they would not let us have any. We cap preside at their obsequies with a clear conscience and good heart, as we saw that the end had come long ago, for we knew when Berryites, like Falataff, began “to babble of green fields,” that all was over and we could let the curtain fall. 