LECTURE BY THE HO f, JOHN DOUGLAS. ON Monday evening a capital lenturo was given in the Town Hall hy thc Hon. John: Douglas upon tho subject of ''¡Thc Transcon- : tinenta! Hallway and tuc future railway poh'cy. for the colony." There was a large audience, who listened with rapt attention throughout) tho discourse. His Worship the Mayor (Mr. Alderman Turner) presided. Tho HON. JOUN DOUGLAS, who, on rising,! was received with rounds of applause, said ho always took a deep interest in anything con-, nectod with tho progress of the colony. With1 regard to tho construction of railways such as j they had hitherto oonstruotcd, the scheme of the Transcontinental Ballway was, to a great extent accessory. Nothing less than four or five millions would be required for the com- pletion of the local railways. There bad boon a little scare amongst some people at the possi- bility of obtaining more money for thc pur- pose, but he had never participated in those feelings. He believed the credit of the Australian colonies was as good as ever it was, and under proper government their credit would remain as good in the next five years as in the past five years. -He thought there were a growing number of people in this j country who were beginning to see that if they could carry out a systematic plan of railways right through the interior of the1 country. without going to the London Stock Exchange. to borrow tho rooney for the purpose, they would bo conferring- a great benefit on them- j selves aud on many others who would make : thiscountrytheir home. They.could immensely : add to the resources of tho couutry in that way. ' They all -knew that tho Transcontinental Ball- way had not only been long .talked about, hut after long negotiations an agreement had been ; made, and if it suited Parliament to ratify the same it would doubtless be carried out. In fact, so far back as the days of Collier and Co. ' it was talked about, and anticipated that they 1 might make a railway right through to the Gulf ! of Carpentaria! (Tho leoturcr here pointed out I on the map of Queensland tho lino the Trans- continental Railway Co. had agreed uponlately, j showing the alternate blocks of land to be j granted to them on the completion of the line.) He said it must be admitted that a line in that direction had been by common consent ; agreed to as a line which might be considered as the trunk line, the back-bone line passing through the centre of Queensland without any engineering difficulties to over- come. He had watched tho negotiations that had taken place during tho past two years in connection with the Transcontinental Bail way. He had long been an advocate for land grant railways. For the last twelve years ho had been opnvinoed that it was ¡the only way by which they, could sufficiently develop tip resources of their vast interior. He was fortified in that conclusion when ho visited America, and saw how much had been done there by that very same system. Thore they had a country intersected by 100,000 miles of railway at'the'present time', more than thé whole of the mileage of railways in the rest of the world. They, hud chiefly been con- structed on tho land-grant principle. They were often told that there.had been a great deal of "jobbery" in connection with those land grants, but at the same time it had resulted in enormous benefits to the people themselves, and caused immigration and settle- ment of a large population throughout thc length and breadth of the land. (Applause.) Those people, enjoying the democratic form of Government, wonld not be euoh fools as to con- tinue the land grant system unless by doing so they were advancing the interests of their country. (Applause.) They must not there- fore be soared as children were scared some- times by the ghost stories which were told them by their grandmothers. As compared with the whole area of Queensland, and con- sidering the immense advantages to be con- ferred by thé:trùnk line; the alienation of those alternate blocks of land did not . seem to bim to be extravagant. He considered tho agreement now proposed by the Transcon- tinental Ballway Syndicate as infinitely more. . advantageous than those bargains that have been made lately by tho Canadian Govern- ment. He was extremely sorry to see that the 1 Warrego Railway Bill was notcarried. It wonld. at any rate have been a commencement. He differed from Mr. Macrossan as to the difiérenos between the proposals for the Warrego and the Transcontinental Railways. It seemed that the Warrego railway people were anxious or willing to get the railway off their hands as soon as possible. He did not regard that as a satisfactory bargain at all. After showing the advantages of the powora of resumption and other clauses in the Transcontinental Railway agreement, aud tho ultimate settlement of an increased number of freeholders and others on thc land, he remarked that the great American immigration ngcucieB in Kugland and Germany were thc outcome of thc land-grant system. There were claims in tbe'settlcd districts where the population had gathered together, and at the present rate of constructing rail- ways it would take up all their funds for the next ten years to come. They could not, therefore, .go on the London Stock Exchange and ask for six or seven millions more to construct the next trunk line. Re hoped a parliament would bc elected which would carry out that undertaking to thc immense advantage of themselves and posterity.. They must not suffer themselves to be con- taminated by any notions that because, there had been a certain amount of jobbery in America or England that they should bc subjected to thc very eamo process. They would take very good care they wore not. I There might be many difficulties to overcome in a sctictno of euch maguitude, and objections tu answer. ' This great undertaking will do much lo knit together thc great Australian dinnies. (Applause.) They ought to con- struct their great railways in such a way that thu people iulmbitiug the different countries might communicate as freely as possible, and that trade Bhould circulate from end to end of that vast dominion. (Loud and continued applause. ) After a hearty vote of thanks had been accorded to the learned lecturer for his admir- able discourse on so vital a question, followed bv a similar cntmilimcut to tho Mayor for pre I siding, tbs peoplu dispersed. -Condetisid/rom I MaryOorwgh Çhro«KV\ 