Tnrf Talk. By Nemo. A good deal of slow work continues to be done at Rand wick in the mornings, but nothing of importance will take I lace for some titne to come. All the regulars are getting b rough their studies satisfactorily, except Creswiok and Ad Valorem, both of which will require a long holiday, and it may be that Creswick will never race again. The weather was rather chilly at Randwick on Thursday morning, and, as a consequence, the workdid not begin quiteso early as usual. Monaghan's lot were the first to step on to the coursc, which, by the way, is somewhat bumpy in places, and Hypatia, looking as fresh as ever, did a useful twice round. Sardonyx, whose leg shows signs of improvement, and Norman did a couple of turns at a steady pace, and so did Musketeer, a five-year-old, son of Fusileer, while of the youngsters, a very grand brown colt, by Geinmi di Vergy from lone; a bay colt by Gcmmidi Vergy from Miss Peri; Bareface, a brown colt by Malta from Modesty ; and a filly, by Malta from Victorine, were sent for a comfortable canter, and the lone colt is a beauty. Tom Willis sent Albert Victor, Tinderbox, Demon, and Belvidere average work, and he has them in nice condition for beginning sound work. Lamond sent his string nica quiet work. Norma looks hearty and well, and has grown a little since her last appearance in public, and, although Lord Lisgar moved a trifle short he shaped well, with Albury, who during his Bojoutn at the stud has grown and thickened into a very fine horse. Palarcnda, by Goldsbrough from Tho Them, and Lord Mandeville, a speedy-looking brother, to Lord Lisgar, Lord Burghley, &c.;, moved in good form. Tbe rising two-year-olds, Buckingham, by Chandos from Lady Chester; Lady Temple, by Chandos from D. E. D. ; and Alicia, by Roodee from Astarte, cantered, and the test of the trio will be a hard nut to crack in .the Maribyrnong Plate. Tom Brbwn sent Cunnamulla, Saionara, who has furnished well, Stockdale, and Pell Mell fair work, and they all. look stont and hearty. His yearlings, Paraplue, by Julian Avenel from Parachute ; Lord Exeter, by Julian Avenel from Tiara; and the splendid Garfield, 1-y Julian Avenel from Young Gossamer, did a quiet couple of turn*,, and the last named promises to be a great racehorse. Keys haB Zero, a four-year-old by Kelpie from Zara ; Lord of the Lake, Raven, and the constant Balmoral in good order for the time; and Dan Lawson sent First Demon (late Demon), by Gemma di Vergy from Lilian ; and Bristol, by Clifton from Cerito, pretty smartly ; but their stable mates, Manfred and Pricress, were not present. The Hon. James White's horses stripped at the sheds near the tan and did a lot of serviceable work on the course proper. Kaipara and Blue and White did a pretty fast once round ; and Martini- Henry, after cantering once ronnd with Gostwyck, ran away from the chestnut in a fast spin along the back of the course, and he looks and shapes like a racehorse. Aberfoyle, who has grown a deal, and looks big and strong, did a nice easy task ; and Morpeth and Segenhoe, both looking as well and fresh as larks, were treated to a quiet once round, and both are improving every day. Alsopp's string did good work, and amongst them were the rising two-year-olds, Chanticleer j by 'Maribyrnong lrom Starlight, the dam of Twilight ; and King's Own, by t oldsbrough from Princess Alice; Cygnet the jumper, Yately, fclave (a sou of Zetland, the aire of Willeroo), and Jack of Clubs, who, judging from the pace he went, Is intended for the Clarence Kingsdale appears to have ncarly lecovered, and went steadily ; and Morceau, looking fairly well, did a eonple of turns at a little better pae». Tait, wha goes more fre ly than he did a few days ago, and Byron were rattled along at a good solid pace, and it is evident that tLey are to ttv their fortunes at the Clarence meeting n-xt month. Gloucester, Willeroo, Regret (by Reprieve from Bruno's dam), and a few others also worked. If Rosemary be the three year old filly by M iribyrnong from Mar a, whose name appears ip the A. J. C. Forfeit list, ter nomination for the great Metropolitan Stakes will lie void ; and the same may be said of Sir Edward, if he be the three-year-old eon of Gemma di Vergy and Rosemary, v hoBe name also decorates the list. Tbe well-known steeplechase mare, Twilight, died a few days ago ; but aB she has left a fine colt by Columbus her memory will be kept green. The DecSiqain general entry is to close on Monday next tbe 25th, and to-day, Saturday. Attention must be piid to the events of the Sandhurst Trotting Club, which are to be decided on July 4. Mr. J. Abraham?, of Dunedin, has forwarded fire guineas to the editor of The Otago Witness, to be presented to' the sporting writer who may be eo fortunate as to predict the first three horees in the next Melbourne Cup. It is 10,000 to 1 that the money will never be claimed, and if a scribe did name the first three he would be hardly iu need of that 'fiver.' Brunette, who has been in T. L&mo;&d;'s stable for the past season or so, has left the tnrf for the stud, and will visit Darebin. Mr. UnderhiJI, of Bega.has leased Lord Burghley for etud purposes. The new rules of the V. E. C. will come Into force on the let of July. Our Adelaide correspondent telsgr&phs; that Mr. William Filgate has been appointed starter for the South Australian Jockey Club. Our correspondent at Melbourne telegraphs that the Wyndham Handicap, on Saturday, brought into the field 13, Coriolanufl being the first faypurite. Bonny Bee, 6at. 8lbn however, won cleverly by £ little over a length, Corio lanus, 8st. 91b., being second, and Bailey Bree, 6sL 12lb.t third. Young RoBe, who was in the employ of Mr. R. Howie, waa billed at Wyndham last week, owing to Sunshino falling with him at the fence opposite the stand. Sunshine tamed & somersault, and falling upon Bose crushed him to death Instantaneouly. The horse was also killed on the spot. The ead accident cast a complete damper on tbe meeting. The following were the results r — Selling1 Race: Nymph, 9st., 1\. Hurdle Ba oe : Miller, 9s. 71b., 1. Wyndham Handicap : Bonnie Bee, 6st. 91b., I ; Coriolanus, 8st 91b.. 2. Steeple chase: Magic, 10at. 71b., 1; Peter, 9st. 61b., 2; Yerio,9st. 41b., 3. Werribee Handicap : The Ghost, 8st. I2lb. I ; Cblorie, 6st. 101b., 2. Attention is drawn to the programme of the Northern Jockey Club, which is to be played out on the 19 th and 21st of September, and it will receive the full notice it deserves in our next The hudle racer Triplet has been purchased by. Mr. E. Weekes. Anntbftr totalis&tor; yarn (says ' Beacon ' of the Otago Witness ) thia time on Clinkerina*s victory in the Novel Itaoe. A well-known Dunedin hotelkeeper took a survey of the machine a little while before the race, and made mental calculations as to what he should back. Suddenly his elbow Was touched, and a man whom He did not know, said : ' Ycu back Clinkerina for this race.' He replied, ' Why should 1 back her?' The reason was given in the follow ing terse words : *' Because she can go like blazes — I've s£en her.' The pnblican drew his gratuitous adviser out of tho crowd, asked nim to tako a taste of something to keep out the damp, and then said, ' Now tell me what makes you advise me to back Clinkerina ?'* The stranger replied, ?'Because I wont to do you a turn. Years ago I was hard up, end wanted two shillings to pay my fare to Port CMlmers, and I asked you for it. Ton gave it me right off, and yon now take what I give you : back Clinkerina ; there's nothing in it but her. ' Boniface thought to him self, '1 can't remember this man; however, no man's advice should be despised; here go as, for fun!' So he went tod put £2 on Clinkerina, ana as he did so he saw hiB mysterious friend watching him from the crowd, and smile in a satisfied manner as the instrument was registered. The aUrting-bdl shortly rang out, and sure enough Clinkerina went 'like blazes, and won as she liked. The publican who had been given so straight a tip collected £56 over it, and, searching for his friendly adviser, asked, 'If you knew Clinkerina was so good, why did not you back her yourself ? ' ' Ah ! ' was the reply ; ' look at my clothes ; I had no money.' It is satisfactory to kaow that this ail - ment of his was speedily relieved. Late sporting itemB will be found on page 1 192. 