To-Monriow tlio electors of Northern Downs will bo called upon to return a representative to the new Parliament of Queensland. There are two candidates soliciting their suffrages, one in the in- terests of tho Ministry and tue other in the interests of tho Opposition. It is not our intention to say an unkind word against tho gentleman with whoso politi cal opinions wo aro not in accord, Doth of tho candidates nro pretty well known' to tho electors. Wo aro bound, how- dyer, to state that our sympathies are entirely with Mr. Basiiford. He has been a long time in tho colony, and his . v '.interests aro thoroughly identified with ' tho popular classes ; lie is, in fact, ono of tuemsclvcs. "Whatever ho has made in Queensland ho is spending in Queens land and lie has established a home horo for himself and his family. Hois not, therefore, n bird of passage, hero to- day and gone to-morrow, but ono who, if (fleeted, will have both tbo leisure and the menn9 to attend to his legisla tive' duties. Mr. Nelson, the 6Ccond candidate, is at present on a visit to England, bot his political opinions arc pretty woll known. If elected there is no question but what lio will support the present party in power, though in other respects wo have no doubt lie would make a very capable representative. It is, liowevor, a question for tho electors to dccido whether tboy are prepared to ... send an absentee gcntlemnn to repre sent them, whoso sympathies aro in favor of syndicates and all tho concora- mittant cvjls which will follow their es tablishment in Queensland. Tho elec tors onght not to closo their eyes to what \- is going on at tho present time, nud we direct their attention to nnnrtielo, which will bo found below, taken from the Maryborough Chronicle , n journal which for luo last four years has been a consistent supporter of thoM'iiaviiaith Government. It has, however, been compelled to exposo tho working of syn dicates in tho manner described in tho articlo wo havo extracted, and wo com mend it to tho thoughtful consideration of ovory doctor of Northern Downs, and if tboy read, mark, learn, and in wardly digest it we nro sure tlioy will havo no difficulty in deciding how to re cord thoir votes to-morrow. Itisnvery significant fact that in tho Sydney Daily telegraph of August30 tbero nppenred tho following telegram from Brisbnno Brisbane, August 29.—' The money market is tightening, tbo banks are increasing their pressure, and curtailing credit, discount, and advances. It is understood that the present political situation is the chief reason for this action on the part of certain monotnry institutions. Tho Daily Telegraph of tho follow ing day draws attention to this telegram „ in a very pungent londor, in which it points oat that this action on the part of certain institutions in which tlio Prcmior of Queensland is n leading \ spiiit, has undoubtedly a political intention. Tho Sydney journal regards "it as a despcrnto game to bo played in ordor to infiuonce tbo elections now pending, that as tho wholo of the metro politan constituencies havo declared against tbo H'Irwaitii Government, monetary pressure is sought to be brought to bear upon some of the unfortunate holders of stations in the o&tsido; districts, and upon storekeepers, in order to influence tlicir political action, and induce thorn to support candidates who will support tho oon- tinuationoftho M'lLwnAiTii Administra tion. Tho editor of the Daily lclc- graph says ho regards it as a specimen of tho thumb process, tho squeezing of an unfortunnto tradesman or squatter in order to compel liiin to violate his conscienco and destroy any virtue ho may havo for political consistency. When a journalist living in Sydney has tho prccicnco to write in such n strain as this, who can only judge of circum- . stances by tbo light of such a telegram as that sent to him from Brisbane, what ought tho electors of this colony to do, when tboy aro in the immediate arena of of tbeso _ desperate expedients, and when they can sco with their own oyes tho gnmo that is being played. Tho tradesman, tho squatter, and tho working man aro oil interested in tho issuo now before tho country, and it is lamentable to think Hint sotno of our vory monetary institutions, which ought to bo free from political conten- tions of any kind, are becoming more political institutions, and nro being used nB instruments for oppression of tho cruellest description. It is fortunate for Queensland, perhaps, that tbero aro banks beyond tho reach or control of tho present Premier of Quccnslnnd ami his political associates. Were it not so it is really dreadful to contemplate what . tho consequences might be. It is to put a stop to tho oppression of the kind jovcaled in tho telegram wo have quoted that the doctors aro invited, one and all, to vote for candidates who will not sup port an Administration which is com- ' pellcd to rosort to such desperate expe dients as the aboro in order to keep thomselvcs in office. And tho working men — what nro tho lessons to bo learnt by them 7 It has been asserted and not contradicted, that on board a steamer now in Moroton Bay, tbero nro some fifty or sixty arti sans and laborers engaged for stations, in which tho PnEHiEii and his political friends are directly interested, and of which tboy arc tho managing directors. These men havo been engaged under a two years' cngngemont at £40 a year and their rations. It has all along been . contended that tho present Government havo been tho advocates of abundance of employment and high wages, but actions Speak louder than words. At tho pre- sent time artizans aro receiving 10s. and 12 R.pcr diem and laborers 7s. to 8s. per day, and it reads qncerly, to find a wealthy syndicate binding. men down for two years to work for 15s. 4 id per week, and their rations. These are facts tho working men in Northern Downs should think over to morrow beforo they go to the poll, and if they do, wo arc perfectly sure that they will not have much difficulty in coming to the conclusion that it is better for them to vote for Gisorok Basiiford and return him as thoir re presentative, than for a gentleman, who, however estimable lie may be in other respects, will help to increase the syndi cate power in the Legislative Assembly, and by so doing lead to the perpetuation of the evils under which tlio colony has bcon laboring for tbe last five years. We thcreforo strongly advise tho elec tors of Northern Downs to exercise their franchise to-iuorrow only after careful and thoughtful deliberation, and return a gentleman to Parliament who will support the broad policy of Liberal ism enunciated by Mr. Griffith. The following ably written article we take from the Maryborough Chronicle , and we commend it to the careful perusal of overy liberal elector in tho colony One of the stock arguments trotted out by the 1'itEMicu in favor of turning1 over eleven or twelve million acres of Queensland soil ton juncta of foreign adventurers, is, that the bitr syndicate will operate as n check on the numerous smaller lu-soclatlons of the same kind, among which the colony is vittunlly parcelled out. Speakers of limited research, who hare made the prolongation of the gospel according to St. Thomas tho work of their lives, are still in doubt whether we nro being I sucked dry by an ' octopus " ornn "octagon.'' On one point only there is no dispute ; that Is, as lo the fact of our being sacked. This assumption is taken for granted by poli ticians of the most diverse complexion with n charming unnniinily that portends tbo truth. And they arc right. Queensland is, in sober fact, the vile corpus on which the daughter of the horscdocch is for over trying experiment in depiction. 8o thorougldy nnd unresistingly is tlio colony in thraldom to the horse-leech interest, that overy pulsa tion is noted and controlled by the bibulous annelid, or, to use (mother simile, tho web that holds tbe victim is of so complex nnd sensitive a texture, that every struggle, every movement is telegraphed Automati cally to the remotest end of each individunt thread. There is, accordincly, a vast deal of sound common scuso in the terrorist plea for the .big syndicate which is meant to swallow up the lesser onc9, or, at any rate, to promote modesty nnd self-abnegation among them by its own shifting example. When the eagle sails forth after prey, tho kite nnd jer- falcon make themselves scarce. The hiss of the boa-constrictor is the signal for nil smaller reptiles to retreat to their holes. There is, however, in the argument this extraordinary, not to Eny startling fea ture, that it is too complete. Tho impar tiality that pervades it is superhuman. Tho old saying of Satan reproving sin still finds a modern echo here and there, if wo will bat listen attentively. To set up a puppet of straw for tbo purpose of knocking it down again, Is a state trick of dialrtic art ; but to raise a genuine ghost, in order to uso it for a "bogie" is a conception almost sublime in its audacity. It might be worth whilo to contemplate moro closely some of thoso wicked syndicates whose machinations nro as subtle nnd widesprond ns to call for no less a panacea than the Kimber contract. Let us examine them in detail, and see whether it bo not possible to striko tho kcy-noto to their Protean developments. To begin with tlint true " autocrat of the hrcnkfast-tnbtc " the Rank-- ing-Intercst. In the Queensland National Bnnk, with nn unapproachable directory of three, including Sir Autiiur Palmer nnd tho late Poktoiabter- Gexkral, we have nil the elements of a true syndicate. Although professing nominally to be incorporated under the Com|innies Act of 1863, tbe pro portion of shares held by members of the Ministry nnd tlicir friends nnd supporters is so large, and the share-list generally so ill-hahmccd, that the small. fry of share holders can exercise little -or no control on the affairs of the bank, nnd the directory are virtually irresponsible, and do exactly as they plcnsc. Prominent on tlio share- list figures the name of Sir Thomas MIl- wraith, nnd Mr. 15. It. Druiiy, his very particular friend, now In England, occupies the comprehensive post of general manager, a function which does not seem to interfere with his exertions on behalf of tlio Trans- continental syndicate, of which lie is like wise nn active mcmbor. It is rumored that some of. tho founders of tho Dank hold the shnrcs taken up by them on easier terms than cash payment, nnd that their con nection with certain stations owned by the Bank (Puau's Almanac enumerates 22 principal or head stations as belonging to the Q. N. Dank) is to be nccoimted for on similar accommodating principles. In near alliance with tbo National Dank is the Queensland Investment nnd Land Mortgage Company, with Sir Thomas M'Ilwraith, his brother-in-law Sir A. Palmer, and Mr. E. R. Druiiv, on its directory, tbe remain ing director being the Hon. F. H. Hart, who is nlso the third director of tbo Queens land National Bank, lids company owns eleven principal or bead stations in Queens land, and in conjunction with Its alter ego, the National Dank, is able to exercise a preponderant influence on pastoral affairs. Another strong pastoral syndicate, in which tbe Premier is directly interested, is the North Australian Pastoral Company. It owns eight principal or head stations, prin cipally in tho Kennedy District, besides a block of 7000 acres of sugar lands on the Durdekiu Delta. Thcro is also the Western Queensland Pastoral Company, owning Ruremln and Ang.-llala in the Wan-ego. nnd Amby Junction in tbo Mitchell District, with probably others concerning which in- formation is not readily accessible ;vmid the Darling Downs nnd Western Lam! Company, owniug six first-class stations, including Jimbotir near Dalhy. In one or both of these the Premier holds large- interests. He is also directly interested in a recently floated Scottish Mining Company (Mount Perry, Cloncurry, nnd elsewhere) and in tho Queensland Freezing and Export Coinjuiny, Bowen. Indirectly, ho is concerned in the amalgamated firm of Paiuiuby, Lajid, anil Raff, tis well as in tho Torres Straits Mail cervico, which is nominally under contract to tho British India Steam Navigation Com- |«any, but in rcnlity to M'Ilwraith, MlEachnni nnd Co. Tbe true ownership of the contract we here parenthetically observe, has been more than once put to the test by the settle, mcnt of the claims of shippers under threat of legal proceedings, through tho local agents of tho ubiquitous Scotch firm, who in fact have tho wholo of our immigration nnd tbreefoarlhs of our trade with the mother country in tlicir hands. Through Paiuiury, Lamii, nnd Raff, Sir Thomas M'Ilwraith is further connected with the Queensland Steam Shipping Company, nnd the Scottish lino of immigrant vessels, niul in conjunction with other members of his family he privately owns the fine squatting property of Gin Gin, now rendered immensely vain- nblo by railway connection with Dnndaberg. We thus see in all directions the M'Ilwraith interest overshadowing the land. It Is scarcely possible to prick any Queensland interest, without drawing M'Ilwraithian ' blood. Under such circumstances the decla- mation that has been vented against the evils of syndicacy, and the homeopathic method of euro proposed by moaiis of a bigger syndicate than them nil— in which Sir Thomas is said to be indircctty inter ested, are like a grin of mockery at the con fiding simplicity of our population. From the business point of view of an eminently practical age, in which success alone is worshipped, nothing can bo more creditable to the Fresher— as n private individual— than the energy and "push" by means of which ho has contrived to insinuate himself into all the most promising undertakings for the thorough exploitation of the resources of the colony. The objection is tbnt a man so situated should have been enabled by the enjoyment of a protracted lease of power- power most unscrupulously used— to fasten his grip on tbo various, channels of wealth with sucli tightness as to lay a considerable portion of the colony, nnd with it tbo liberty and independence of Us inhabitants, under contribution. Ami when the objection is mot by representing ' such an insult to common-scosc as tho Kimber contract in the light of a panacea for abuses which the pro- noser himself is largely responsible for, it is high timo that a change be effected in tho disposition of tho political chess-board' There is now no longer any difficulty in understanding the reluctance of the PltEMI br to quit office ; but in proportion ns The rensoo9 for auch reluctance multiply, 60 must nil true Quccnslnndcrs long for the day when one who has managed to feather his nest bo well shall yield the reins. of office to less versatile — and less grasping — hands. 