THE INTERCOLONIAL MATCH. BT FELIX. Somewhere or other I bare read that the great feast of Saturn was held in December, when the people decorated their temples with all manner of green things. We hold oar great cricket feast in Decemlter, but we don't mind the decorations. The turf is green enough for us. It serves as oar holly and onr mistletoe bough. We never dream at this festive time of the early Christians and their " righteous branch," norof " the fir-tree, the pine-tree, and the box together," nor of the boy who in old tim^s, With Christmas box in hand. Throughout the town his devbus route pursued, And of his master1* cuvtomuro implored The yearly inite. All we think aboat is the intercolonial crick.t match and who is likclv to win. We talk aboat those who should be in the team and those who should be oat of it, about Mur doch's form, about the trouble little Alick is likely to give us, about the serious Joss Cooper's enforced absence will be to as if the wicket be fast, and we become so engrossed with our subject that even the Christmas carols in commemoration of the song of the angels to the shepherds scarcely gain from us a passing thought. In short* cricket pure ana simple absorbs our whole attention during the festive Christmastide. Many plea Bant matches have been played between the two colonies of Victoria and Ke w South Wales since the initiatory match took place years upon years ago, and each colony in tier tarn ha* sucked an almost equal share of cricket nectar, from the fields. So evenly, indeed, have victories and defeats been allotted be tween the two colonies that of the . 80 con tests which have been foucht Victoria him 1 won 17 and New South tfales IB, leaving a balance of foot in favour of Victoria. This, I eaUmit, i8 a very smaUdifference in to showthatxmvjg whoSetbecricfcetof^the two coloniea nasXagn pretty well on a par; It is tree w»afc ttieK>.juave been occasions rhen' -one polony was a,$0edly strong and L other decidedly weak, the weak, in " ^jpng ran, mew strong, asserting! Er?K>weii mi I tbe )®^k,uiv(L in this way ithafr^g to paw th&piftgj.; aU the nps and dowu, Qt \ nearmw fewL-f intercolonial cilcket ^ colpnyJM ol the other, and n most up very pleas&vttoall; lovers of good cricket \> note sucht»tiBfactoryand en results. luty at the present time is not to itheiipast, not to dwell upon the liygoue time, juor to cour _ Bat deal wit ' revive the doughty deeds of those who Umeht! j fores long ago, ami who in many iBrtancw ' ahs! too many-are under the green turf, nod {will fijthi on earth no mote. My duty is i to say eomethicz tboat die match that will : commence on Wednesday next, the 2Sth, on I the Melbourne ground. At the outset it t* jvery orach to be regretted that our Sydney friends baYe not brought over their best team. JIassie oould not obtain leave; Jones, j too, for some reason or other is an absentee, j and the fickle SpofForth has failed to oome j jost when every body expected that be wooM } be sore to figure in the contest. The demon, [ however, is so tot capricious that, ' notwithstanding his refusal to come, . it is even money be will be here . either before or daring the intercolonial*. ! Everybody knows, of course, that the three \ piayers mentioned cannot be surpassed by [ any other three in New Sooth Wales, and therefore, their absence is a very serious loss 1 indeed to NewSouth Wales, and will caase : the match to be shorn of much of its interest ! I had fondly entertained a hope that the full | strength of both colonies wcmld meet this : r. nie, . and make the match as interesting as : any of the whole Beries; bat I am sadly i afraid that with an equal distribution of good | lock, New Sooth Wales will nowstand bot a j poor chance of gaining a victory. Sorely some I indcential Sydney gentlemen could manage to get Massie, Jones, and the whimsical demon down before Boxing Day, and let as have a | real good match. The Melbourne public have > an opportunity of witnessing these contests : only once each year, and tr.ey will be keenly disappointed if New South Wales be not represented by her best team, and it is not too late yet to have the best team, or nearly the best, if prompt action be taken in the proper quarter in Sydney. The names of those v. ho have come are as follow:-Messrs. Allen, Armstrong, Banner man, Cleeve, Evans, Garrett, Ha!!, Marr, Moses, Murdoch, and Nnnn. Of these. Ban nermnn, Evans, Garrett, and Murdoch are well known to ail of as, and 1 can dismiss them with the remark that as an all-round quartette it would be diiBcult to find their superiors. Armstrong is altogether new to us, and indeed the only one in the Sydney team cho has any bnowlege of him is Mur doch, who anearthed him somewhere in the wilds round abont Cootamnndra. Murdoch thinks highly of him as a bowler, and that is why he is here. As we do not know anything about him jnst now it is little use passing any comment on him. but it mar be observed that he certainlv ; does not look as if be -would set the Yarra on i fire. The Sydney men dragged Evans from j the mountains years ago, and he slaughtered ' us. Let us hope that Armstrong will not do | likewise. Marr is a good bowler and a fair bat, and Cleeve is tiie young player who per formed so creditably here with the leather last Christmas. It is said, however, that bis bowling has deteriorated since that time. Hall is brought solely for his wicket-keeping. He was here once before, and kept wicket fairly well, and made everybody laugh by his peculiar high-stepping action as a batsman. Alien is by no means new to us, and even if we did not know him, his record with the bat stamps him as a very capable and effective performer, lie can also bowl a good fast ball. Moses is a first-rate batsman, who, when well set, scores at a rapid rate, and beseems to have shown very good form this season. Nnnn gets runs now and then, and is a slow bowler, but he cannot be counted as a dangerous man in any department of the game. As to our own men, I think it will be admitted on all sides that Victoria never sent a stronger batting team into the field, and in bowling the only improve ment would be W. IL Cooper, who, on a fast wicket, would be almost sore to render us great assistance. In the field our men are all capital, with the exception, per haps, of Walters, and the only fault to find with him is that lie is somewhat lethania He is a sure catch, and 1 have no doubt that he will take every care in this match to bustle up, and Bhow that when he likes he can be as speedy and as active as the majority of his comrades. Walters, iu my opinion, has fairly won his place, and I think consi derable surprise would have been manifested had Coop?r left him oat To sum up, I believe if Massie, Jones, and Spofforth bad come, the thirty-first intercolonial would be a most interesting contest, and that the dis play of cricket all round would afford modi pleasure to lovers of the game. As matters are at present, however, I cannot see, unless something altogether unforeseen occurs, that New South Wales has anj-thing more than the ghost of a chance of defeating the formidable team that Victoria will send into the field-a team lit in almost every respect to do battle tor Australia against a picked team from the old country. The following table shows that np to the present time 30 intercolonial matches have ?>een played between Victoria and New South. Wales, and that 17 of them have been von by Victoria and 13 by New South Wales,: leaving Victoria four matches to the good. Date. Where M*yed.| Won fey Mar., 1656 Jan., X657 Jan., 16o3 lan., 1850 Feb., I860 Jan.,'1661 Jan., 1802 Feb., 1883 Dec., IKK Melbourne Sydney Melbourne Sydney Melbourne Sydney Melbourne Sydney Melbourne Dec., 1880 Sydney Dec., 1607 Mar., 1*0) Feb., 1870 Mar,, 1871 Mar., 1872 Mar., 187 Dec., 1874 Mar,, 1875 Iteo., 1876 Feb., 1871 Deo., 1877; Feb., 1878 Sydney Nov., 187#j8j Deo., 1870 Sydney Melb elbourno Deo., 1880 Melbourne 6y Feb., 1881 Dee., 1881 Feb., 188! Dec., 1882 Feb., 1888*8, Bydney Melbourne . i]8ydn«y ? Melbourne iydnay N.S.W. b>8 irloketa K.8.W. by 65 ran* Victoria oy 171 runs Victoria by 2 wickeU Victoria by 69 ran* Victoria l>y 21 rani Victoria by 10 wickets N.6. W, by 84 n»n« Victoria by llnninga and 20 runi N.&W.; byl Innings and 18 runs . - ,/ ' ' Victoria by7wfclteto Victoria bj- 78 run» .. , Victoria by Sffiruoa Victoria by 48 roaa Victoria iff 1 to ntogt and 90 runs . Victoria by 24 runt KAW;by«iridcet» N.S.W. by.TTront K.8.W. by l lunlng* and 1 ran -- .. - . N.8. W. byl05run» . N.8.W. by 1 innings and <8 runi n.£w. by 1 wicket and 2 tuns ?>????- . ' N.S.W. bvfiBnnu VlctorUfy 1 Inning* and ? 96nin( . ' ' Victoria by 2 wicketiand 9 nun" ?: VhrtoriabyaOTOii VJctoriafcy 2 WiokeUand 2 9XWM ? r N.8. W. by 1 Inning and 1B8 «dtw -*1* If .aw. by 7 wlolceb and 1 . . ma "?' ;. ?. , Victoria by an Innings and *fl8np»» -V 