BREATHE THROUGH THE NOSE. ftow that, the cold winter season ia ckso upon us, attention to tho advice given in the following extract from a Lcndon paper wil conduce to health In a little pamphlet full of simple common-sense advice, Dr Abbotts recommends us all to breathe, as far as pos sible, through the nostril?, especially in cold, damp, or foggy wostber, instead of taking the cold air straight into the warm lungs through the open lips. He says, The air, passing more gradually to the loops, is elevated in temperature by being brought in con tact with the warm membrane lining tbe various nasal passages, whilo nnmorous small impurities, such as fine particles of dust, or even germs of infectious disease, are detained by the minute, vibrating, hair-like filaments with which tbe membrane is studded," This seems, at any rate, to be a most rational theory, and commends itself by its very sim plicity No doubt many of us, through igoo- . r&nce; or indifference, expose ourselves to the cbancea of fiorejtbroat, deafness or bronchitis, as we go forth from healed rooms into the chilly fog, and neglect to make nee of tho natural filtering and warming apparatus which the nostrils so admirably provide. 1 Tiie Herald will notba published to-mor morrow (Good Friday). Tbe nanal Saturday' editions will bo issued on Saturday, and tho paper will bo published as usual oa Monday, with lull accounts of tbjcricketmatch,SydDBy races, etc. Our cable messages announce the death ol Sir George JosdbI and state that astroog move ment is being est ou foot in Liverpool against, tho employment of Irishmen in any capacity, From a message from tha London correspon dent of tbo Argus, published in that journal ol to day, itoppeara probable that our sympathy with Lady Fiorcnco Dixie has boea misplaced, and that, to uso a mild phrase, the lady ha been posturing, Tbe message referred fco says : — The tone of the Eagliah preai is Eomewha rceptical as to Lady Florence Dixie's accoun of tbe attack which she alljgea was made upon bflr at Windsor 0-4 Saturday last by two men disguised in womon's clothing, In another oo luran we report a perjury cm in tho Hothsin Court to-day, against William j, Wolkinehsw, a water- policeman. It has excited some degree of interest io Williams- town and Hotbam, Tha wholo caso turned on a quibble of Epeech, as to whether thn defendant, wbo had undergone a month in prison ten yo&rs;: ago, for the petty offence of deserting from tbo Cerberas, oa a boy, could deny that ho had beon in trouble iu thoaens3 of going to gaol for a crime, ho having sworn bo had never been ia trouble. Tho bench had no alternative except to oom mit Walkinshaw for trial, In our issuo cf yesterday we quoted a para graph from tbo Sportsman in which Larry FoRy accepted Professor Miller's challenge for a . boxing match. To-day, the Professor replied by wire through the editor of the Sportsman tbat;L200 was the figuro and that he would bo ready in four weeks. From our Sydney telegrams it will be seen (hat tbo Imperial Naval authorities have decided to sell the war eohooners constructed in Sydney some years ago for servico in the Pacific islands. Theao schooners are named the Bandfiy, Beaglo and Roynardj and thoy are of Bcmetbiog like one hundred tons xegUter. They are trim, taut and port looking craft, and although not of Buob fine linos ob racing yacht#, they would probably be found to bo extremely comfortable pleasure cruiee; and having beon specially built for tbeee waters undor tho direotion of admirality officers are no doubt well oonstruotod, find would be in ovory way'oapltal vessels for' use as cruising yachts. It is interesting to know that these sailing vessels are to be replaced by steam gunboats., Very few vossela of this, class have bithorto visited tbo colonies and aa those now abont to be sent ont lire likely to be of the latest description?, they will be inspected with ioter&t;, cspeolally as gunboats have been reoomrreoded by tbe beat author'ties as the mofct reliable moans of dofonoo for noarly all tho Australian port' Tbe intercolonial crioket roatoh batweon lbs South Australian Elovon and an Cloven ol Viotoria will ba played ou tbo E int Mtlbouru ground, tho match commencing on Satuid .y Tho visitors siuce thoir arrival have practised steadily on tho East Melbourne ground uutil yesterday, when the Sjnth4Molbourno ground was placed at thoir disposal owing to the Joli mint turf having boon injured by tho talo. From all that baa been eeon of tho olovon there oan bo but liitlo doubt that it is tho strongest ovoi sent over hero by tho sister cclony.Thoro wa a time whon it was supposed tb/.t any scratch team was equal to tbe bortthat Scuth Amtra lia could eend us. That idea meat now bo dla- oardod, for it ia becoming manifest that tho colony of coppor and wheat can place a very effective team in tho field, and their it will not do to bold that representatives too cheaply. In tho present team thoro ia plonty of balling aud Holding power, but a lack of what may bo regarded as really efliciont bowling. Wheuevor South Australia can supply the defioioncy in this department of the game she will become a formidable opponont, Sj far na tbo present matoh is concerned a good contoat resulting in a w'n for Viotoria may ba ontioipatcd, Wo aro requested to sUto that tho winner o! tbe Shire Handicap at tbe Baochus Marsh races will bare to carry a penalty of fivo pouuds in tho Town Flute. Nominations cloio to day The claims of Mrs Cbarlotto Lawler, a publ can of Emerald Hill, for L3500 damages in oonnootion with tho Hawthcrn railway aeoident, was investigated before Mr Justice Williams and a jury of tvielre to-day. The telegraph operator, Arthur Aibmore, who was arrested yesterday by Detoctivo Lomnx on warrant on a charge of ombozz'.ing tho sum of LS Govornmcut monies, wan brongbt beforo Mr Call to da y, and remanded to Yarra wonga for tbo 2Stb instant. Yosterday afternoon, ns the Blackwall hulk was about to leave for Pow Zealand, ono of tbo Assistant Harbormasters proceeded on board, and found that tbe boats which at the time of the vessel getting dismas&od; wero damaged had not been repaired, and wore unseaworthy. Consequently the sbip has been detnicod pending , some repairs) and (he addition of auotbor boat. The Bhip baa beon purchased by a firm atLyttleton,New Zekatd. Tbe crow which have boon booked are engaged for what is termed the frun,' that ia they get L10 each for the trip round, and their discharge twouty four boura uftcr the obipV arrival in port, Mesare J. Deane and Company received & telegram tbis morning stating that tho new ex cursion steamer Lousdalo had arrived at Batavio, nud loft yoaterday. Tho Young Men's Christian Association, if not,goiDg out into tbo highways or hedges to gather in the naughty ones of tbe olty, aro bidding fair to be called gutter apostles. Last night tboy placed a harmonium iu the kennel way in front of their rooms and a choir outhe the kerb, amusing themselves by siogingbymus ofjthe Mcody and Sankey type such as 'Where ismyBoy to Night.' At the conoluaion an invitation was given &6king thoso whoconl n't stop Icng to the indoor mooting to 'take a back seat, at which an old identity was beard to mutter that he novertock aback seat in all his life, and should not begin now A great English pbilosophor aaye somewbore that the gseateet tragedies over eaactod in this world may be traced to tbo emallest things and iilnstrates his proposition by SbakBpeare s story o! Hamlet, Tbo piny opens with a sol dier on eentry on the bridge at Etainoro say ing that he had seen tho ghost of Hamlet' father, and concludes with tho terrible tragedy which every reader of Shakovpoare know.Somo local philosopher, following up tha same train of thought, may in a similar mannor fiud sufli cient matter for oontemplotion in tha five Williamitown libel aotions, which happily wero settled to-doy The scene opens at Footsjray b&tweon; two women squabbling. There Is o police court case, and shortly after the whole district is in a ferment A newspaper war commence?; libellous letters are printed. Then we have actions against a member of Parliament and a manages of large manuu factoring ettabli&hmenta;, till uo fewer than five libel actions are set down for settlement by a judge and jury. It ia at loustto be;bopod that tbe people of Footecray and Williams- town will have learned a profitable lesson by tbo proceedings. A number of Richmond goolloinsn interested in .rowing some time since asked th« Richmond Council for permission to out away a long narrow strip of land jotting out into the river, just below the rail, ray bridge at Rich mond, which spoiled an otherwise excellent regatta course. It was poiutod out that it this point was removod many of the fir3t-ola3« regattas would bo rowed over this course. The oonncil saw no obj ratios to allowing it to be removed, aud consulted with the Board ol Land and Works, who fell in with the idea and rent an officer fco mark off the part which should be removed. Tho work waa commenced a few days sinoe It is not to cost the counoil or tho State any money, oa the work ia done for the stuff removed. The City Couno'l laet season Bpont some money in planting tress along tho Yarra bank leading to Richmond Rsotntly a new fence has been put up to tho Yarra Park along thb road and continues from Punt-road to the Friendly Societies' gardens, Sa'rgcant Ronnie who has boon in charg- ol theFitzroy police district for fcbo last nine yoara, »od who waa recently promotad to the rank; of sub-inspeotor and is about to proceed to Maryborough, appeared at tbe Fitzroj Court this morning in hi8 new uniform, and was warmly oocgratuLited by the bench aud the legal profession. The ; Mayor, as chief magistrate of the \- city, -8poku ve-y highly of the satisfactory way in which Mr Ronnie had discharged bis dntie?, at d eaid that the same feeling wo? entertained by the inhabitants generally. He congratulated him on bit elevation to tho rank of Bub-inapector. and eaid he had thoroughly deserved hij gtod fortune. Mr Showau and Mr Rowc, the other justices on tho beach made similar remarks, and Mr Lyonc, in con gratulating the newly made sub -in spector, epoko capocially of bis quiet nd gentlemanly behavior, .and of tho meritorious way in which ho bod carried eut tho proviaiona of the Licensed Victuallers' Act. Mr Best followod in a similar strain, Mr Rennie, in reply, thanked both the bencll mdtho profesiion for their cxptosrions of es com, nod p1«o tho mombors of the Fitzroy police force for having so ably ncsiatod him in bo maintenance of low and order Tho Williamstown libs! actions, arising out of the squabbles of two women, came to an abrupt termination yesterday, by being settled out of court, In. the aotions Scott and wife v Campboll and Scott aod wife v Roay verdicts wero entered by concent for tho plaintiffs with L25 damages in each caso. In tbe action of MisB Seay v Mr W. M. Clark, M.L.A, a verdict was ontorod for the plaintiff' for L25, The coBts Jo the Ibroo cases are to bo taxed on the higher scale, The case of Soof.t and wife v Neale was withdrawn. These four actions together with tbe one of Mr W, T, Reay against Mr W. M. Clark, M.L.A , in which' the plaintiff got a verdict for LIOO. making five libel aotions in all, and arising out of a numborof letters which appeared in the Wil- liamstown Chronicle, referring to a squabble between two women, havo oaused some commotion In jfootaeray and WUUamstown, Mr Hodges stated that wiser and batter counsel bad prevailed, and that all partlos badngrsodto bury thohstchot, Counsel for tho different parties asked his frruorlho presiding judge to take a noto to he eOccl that different parties in the gollou havo undertakon not to indulge any mora iu 1 tioation. Whon (ho aunonnoamont of tho settlement was made Mr Justice Holroyds countenance was radiant with smiles, aud ho ap- i cmod to bo oxtrrmely pleased that ho would i o spared tho infliction of trying such casoa. A novel action against a barrister was 0 >m met-Kd in tho Comity Court to-day, Tho plaintiff is Martin Moanoy, of Loiohardt street, vho sues Mr John Fubcr, barriitor-at lawi and late nirmbir for Mandurang, for tbo re covery nf LOO d&m.iggs; for negligonco as plain- tid's barrister oradvoonte in not defending him nt the Court of Potty Sessions; at Mel' bourne, on tho 15th Novcmbor last, when plain titl.\'v as charged with illegally detaining from one James Thatcher a gold watch, obain and locket, Tho plaintiff alleges that he bad ret taiued Mr Fifhor's services to defend him, and paid Mr Fiahor L2 2«, but be never attended. Mr Husband openod tho case, but his Honor Jndge Cope would not bear and determine it himself, and therefore ordered it to bo sont to a jury. S , mo nice point?, it is oxpeclod, will ba argued during the hearing of this oato, whioh involves to n great extent tbo question whotho a barrister is bonnd to appear for a client aftor taking a feo. This has boon a vexed question with aolioitors who give Urge fuss on behalf of their clients to eminent ooun⪙, who only attend at their convenience, In faot it is an every day oompl&intt; against tho seniors at tbe Melt bourne bar, who got briefs io almost overy easy if importance, with fat fooB attaobod,butlt io impossible for thom to be presont in alt tho courts at the eamo time, and yot thoy pocket the ftcs. Of oourso is is difficult to say what My Fisher's dofenco ie, as ho may not havo received tho L2 2a as stated on behalf of the plaintiff. Should, however, tho plaintiff's statement bo oorrect, a jury will havo an opportunity to givo their opinion on tho sub ject of fees paid to b trustors who do not carry out thoir bargain. Tbo oara is tho first of tho kiud brought against a barristor in Victoria, and, thereforo, excites considerable Interest. His Honor Mr Justice Molesworth made ?omo very severe comments in tho Probato Court to-day in a mannor in whioh attorneys prf pr.re affidavits and statements. Hia Honor arid that bo bad noticed of lato great (irrcgu ariiios and imperfect us _ in the prepara n of affidavits co iu ihe hands of b rriator practicing in he Fro. batbCcnr'd so that attorneys w i i j tho habit of late ol making allegations in statai meuto ftblch oould not be sustained. His Honor threw ont hints that tef oxm on thio point wa3 ueoesaniy. The doctors ongoged in cases against the Board of Land and Works, came in for some herd raps in Mr Justice Williams's oou t this morning. Dr Foster was asked by Mf Farvcs whether bo bad not consulted Dr Bemoyaato the symptoms in snob cases He replied that ho bad spoken to Dr Beaney jnat after Mr Purvcs bad. Had a glass of champagne with that gentleman yesterday. The court laughed, but the witness did not. Ho was excessively demure while giving bis evi dence, And wa? leaving tbe box whon be waB called back, and aekod the amount of his fees. 'Ha,' said Mr l\uvei, 'that is tbo firit smile I have seen on yonr features yet,' In cross- examining Dr Malonoy, Mr PurvoB.witk Play- fair's lectures in bis hand, asked 'What is paraphlegia ?' 'Loss Of powor in the lower extremities, answered Dr Moloney. 'Tbati igbt,' said Mr Parve#, amid the laughtar of tb court, and so counsol prooeedod to queition , t -o doctor a9 to bis modiori knowledge, but the doctor was not p'ovod -at fault. The que.'tiou that counsel eonght to prove was that hysteria simulatad almost any disoaso without the patient being conscious o! . it. Ia addressing the jury Mr Purvea com plained bitterly of tbe position in which he was placed. If be did not recall tbe plaintiff (who had boon removed from tbe court ia a fito hysteria) buconldnot got tbe facts he wanlcd; if be did call her bask ho should bo oalled a cold blooded ruffian.' Io Mr Jut!oa Williams Court this morning, when tbe jury roll was called, David Elder, James Faircbild and John Watson did not answer, The firt was fined L2 2s yesterday and tin second L3 3j for non-attoudftuco. Thismorning they were eaoh fined L3 3s in addition, and John Watson was fined LI Is. R;cbotd Crook, a quarrytnnn, who claims Ll252for damages in tbe Hawthorn collision agreed to-day in oourt to take L220 and tbe Government consented. . H.h Honor Mr Justice Moleaworth granted to-day & rulo Absolute for tbo sequestration of the estate of Detllv Julius Mollor,' grain agent at Numurkab, on tba petitionoE Messrs Cramer and Groupie, trading aa Groig and Murray, anctloneeers, A oata of considerable importance to land andeBtate agents was heard at the Fitzroy Police Oourt this morning. It was that of Lnngridge v, Mason'and was brought, in the first icstanoe to recover LD oi, for 'work aud labor, and tnonoya paid.' The summons was amended so that ' work and labor' only wore sued for, Mr Bert Appeared for tho plaintiff, and .Mr Lyons for the defendant, The oircumstauces were as follow Tho de fendant owned a piooo of land in M'Kean street, North Fitzroy, which be wished to dis pose of, and wont to th? plaintiff with a sketch In order that a sale might be effected. Tho defendant subsrqaeaFy saw a plan of tho land prepared In tbe plaintiff's offioe, and approved of it as the plan upon which tho land m<ghr. bo sold, Sometiineeinpaed.and no sale was made, and tho defendant bimailf then answered ad advertisement iu one of tho newspapers and -disposed of his ground, paying commission to another agent, The L5 5s sued for was iu reality for tbe preparation of tha plan, whioh tha defendant swore ho did not order, but ad mitted approving of. Tbo bouob undo an order for L2 2s with 26? coeta. D. Llcyd, J.P., Mr M'Ke&u; and Mr Gaun- .son indulged iu sume histurial rominiBoences from French history at tba HothAtn Court this morning. A wifcnoas named JatneB Ssnion bad beeu called, aud he is master-tat-arms ou board tbs Oerberus. Dr Lloyd wanted to know, if tbia was a descendant of tbe eminent executioner in Franoe, Mr M'Kean remarked that they kept tho buBinooe in the family for generations, and posiibly thlamight be an offshoot, Mr Guunaon added that the Cerberus master-at-arms was wonderfully Hka the Banson portraits, S inson then came up smiling into tho witnoae box, Tho clerk af tho court tried to turn bim in«o ; Sampson aud Ssmson, but bo stuck to Ihe French name. Mr Gaudson, apropos of Samson, dosorlbsd that individual as a 1 Giaut' of soriptare history. After n bout with Mr M'Kcan in the Hotham Oourt to-day, Mr Gauoson good- humoredly wound up by saying that ho and M Roan wero tbe most troublesotuo members of the Lsgifilatlvo Assembly, All ho asked now woe that Mr M'lCoau would not roor as if ho was in training for a Hon and tiger tamer, Whilst the buslnos's at the Prahran Oonrfc was being transacted to-day a postman walkotl into court with a letter for Sub-inBpootor Par- kitieon, and neglected to tako off bis hat. Mr Turner, who was on the bouob, admonished tbo delinquent, and told bim that polioomen were tbe only privileged persons. Tbe woman Annie Skinner, who deserted Jher ohild on Saturday last, rwae charged at the Prahran Oourt to-day and ;dIa;horBoj, on tbo grauodthat having Jolt the baby with a boy, she could not, under the 23rd section ol tbe Criminal taw and Praolioa Siatutoi bo ohargod with having nbaudouod it to the danger of its health. Inoonnooliou with the allegod barah treat, mantel a tenant ol Sir W. J. Oiatbo'a nt Dowling lfereit.oorrospondouoo has boon going on In tho Ballarat papers, whlob tho editor ol tho Star thua sums up— 'The oorroipoudonoa looms to ns to show that Mr Bain has boon treated with muoh mora oonsidoration than lio would havo roooivod Item auy othor landlord or agent.' Wo (Ballarat Star) hoar that n proposal has boen made for Mr Finchom to resign Anu fight tho battle o'er again with Mr 0. E. Jones, rather than inour tbo expense of proso- outing a petition before tho SElootlons and Qualifications Committee. Tho difficulty in tho way is that a third o&udidata; might oomo forward, and thus complicate matters, nnd spoil tbo proposod duol, But for this, It ia probnblo that the proposal would ba ontortalned by both tho oontondiug parties. Mr Fiucham intends to employ oouuaol te sup port his caso, as be doos not think that ho would bo fairly matohed ngaiait Mr Jones who has had sorno oxpononoo na a Parliamen 'ory agent. Tho Ballarat Courier statoa that tho engine from Ballarat, domaged In the lato collision with tho Maryborough train, was agaio plaood on tho lino3 yoalerday. and ran a similar journey though with dissimilar results as on tho day of tho concuesion. Thoongioo was repaired at tbe Western railway station ooglno sheds, tho omployes engaged on the motor, working vory bard, under Mr Se well's snperintenco; to havo it in running trim for tho Euatsc holidays, Tbe cost of repairing amounted to L30. Tho following from tbe London Sportsman will no doubt bo interesting to Pro. Millort — Duncan C, Ross, of Louisviilo, Ky., challenges any man in tho world to contest agaiuBt him for 2000 dole, or ' L100 storliog, aud tho Athletio Ohampiaship of tbe World, at tho following foots, whioh form tho athletio pro- grnmmo iu America and Eacopo — Throwing heavy hammer, putting heavy stone, putting light stono, throwing heavy weight from side, throwing heavy weight for height, toasjag a CAbsr, running high jump standing high jump, run ning long jump, standing high jump, standing long jump, bitch aud kick, running 100 ynrds hardlo race (120 yards,) 220 yards, wrestling (Sootob or orich-ai-catch-can,)3ollAr nnd elbow, ido hold in haruoas. At the nunual meeting of the Lancashire County Crickot Club it was stated that the third Australian elovon netted L20G2 Oa 9d by their two matches nt Old Traffotd, Manches ter. The European Mail observes that the hon Ivo Bligb'u lateit success in tho oolonioi has wonderfully enchanoed the English team la tho ostimation of all Britishers Whon the Eleven went out thero was some outcry against its representative cbaraoter AU that, howover, has been forgotten in its brilliant succoBSOi against tbe teams which have boon placed in opposition. Tho first victory was thougbtjby soms sceptionl crickotersin tho Old Country to be somowhat ol tbo nature of a fluko, but the grand success ovor Murdoch's Eleven, of which cows was telegraphed tho other day, shows that the result was no freak of fortune. With tho exception of Morlsy, the members of the team appear tabs ear passing all expectations, and to be showing against the colonial i form which would have earned for thsm at Lord's the onthuriastio ppplauco cf iho assembled thousands. A few days since we gave full particulars of tbe All Nations Fair t? bo opened ia tbe Town Hall, Melbourne?, on Easter Monday. The fair is In aid of Christ Oburoh, South Yarra, aud no exertions havo boon spared to render it attractive. A vory bandaome book has been published in connection with tbe bazaar An International Fair' is to be oponod on the same day in the Exhibition building. Wo givo some particulars of tbo latter in another column A performance of sacred music will bo given at the Opera House to-morrow ovoning, when Miss Grade Plaiatod, Mr Armoi Beaumont, Miss Reed and Mr Angus will sing selections trom the Messiah and Elijah, Mr Juliu? Hcrz will be the conductor. Last night the whole of tho omployes of Mr J. Eoticott assembled at his warehouse, Little Collins street oast, to bid f&rowell; to Messrs G. Hill and John Smith, who aro leaving bis em ploy to commence bueineas for tbemsolves.Bach of them was presented with agoldiockot, with a suitable Inicription, whioh woe snbicribed for by the employes of the establishment. Mr J. F. Lancashire, one of tbo candidate for the vacauk «ont for tho South Wrd in iho Richmond City Council, Addressed a largo and enthusiastic mooting of the ratepayers ou Wednesday evening at tho Oddfellows Hall, Oburoh street south, and oo tho motion of Mr Montague Miller, seooudod by Mr James B?r- woed, Mr Lancashire waa owardod a uoaui- mouB vote of confidence. Dr Gnbuui oc cupied tbe chair 