TM E D ETE CT I V E' S O AT H ? I ciiaxced to be in the Nciv York Court , of ; General Sessioas, a zood many .-years ago, when two professional thieves were freing tried for- burglary. There was but little doubt of their ?'iiilt:' but tliev had secured excellent ! legal- services, the actual evidence ! agaiust 'them was very slender, and there was every promise or their being acquitted,' 'when the prosecuting attor ney' suddenly!' called, as a witness for the State, : the, name of Patrick Harn den, the mere mention of which caused an abrupt and striklnsr overshadowing of the priminaVs prospect. Tliov. both lost countenance — their cou'nsel locked ?? black : and as the bearer of .the riaine— a powerful, well knit young man, with a pale face, an iron jaw, and astern relentless eye — stopped 'upon 'the stand, and in !i:ml tones* 'and' 'Simple Ian truant;, trave iii-j ovid'eii'ce that secured tlicir coiiviotion beyond a doubt, they tiirm:;! wlnie with.. terror, and t.wnUrd .'is r.lio-i^h oon fronted- with. a ghostly 2\i-i:it'.s!s ni all their crimes, and harkunin^ to the accusing words of. Fate itself : 'These men are professional tliicvo?: they are guilty of this |iarticul:ir i.-liarqo 1.1 tj. vv 1111*11 ut iuy inv ii-'-* 'ii uj.vi; ti^ iii v evidence will prove: and they are the List of the Silver Gang, the members of which I have haunted, tracked, shadowed, and hounded down, one by one, for years.' Such., was the opening sentence oE witness Harnilcn's testimony, which in addition to Hecuring that particular conviction,: displayed throughout a certain sleigh hound tendency and a deiidlincss of purpose on the part of the speaker that was fjuite remark able. After the prisoners had been sen tenced.. to heavy penalties, M'Ardlr, tho veteran detective, who sat at tho reporters' table, whispered in my car, 'I knew it. was all up with those fellows as soon as ITiirnden took the stand. 'Did you notice the crushing effect, of. his more presence, upon them? He is the bate nob', the incubup, the haunting nightmare phantom of their tribe.' ;- ' iWhafc is. he ? A. detective like your self?'/; :':?' :. ...;,.. . ??..;?.. ? 1 Something o£ the sort,- though he has been hunting down this special Silver Gang of thievrs, aboil t tho last of.'whom have jiist. been disposed of, more out of, revengeful hatred than for pay. ;IIe i»not only a thief trans formed/but n thiof. converted into one pursuing Nemesis. 'Some time I will toll 'you. his. stoiy, if you would like to hear .it.'. '_, ; . : , ? ... , , . . : I^expi-essedan ardent desire to that effectj'and;not long thereafter he told mo tlio 'story, very much as follows : — ' Patrick' Harndern. was about finishing nisi, apprenticeship, at brass finishing, and- Vfts-'a -sober, industrious, and promising 'young 'fellow, when he became attached: to!a.nrctty, shonlif ter. . named/, jpimy. Brettle, and. then went 'downward.tiil.ho landed iivhorprcfeH sibriJ j 'I ?''.aaii'iboiHill .'to ' confess tliat they 'agreed; 'well together, arid clung ttf 'eacb'otlicr, through thick and .thin, w'iiili,-(v deyotibn ? that. .1, ' liave '- sold om soen equalled.- '?? -Still,* they 'were - only ' thieves' aftei^ idlj and'f Jenny,' : as', a tlii^f^wifej' wiisi 'nerh^ps^/no^groatly hetiter'ithHpT.^io.'liafl^Kopfl^'^ was1 &ithEul;:i tOiiihimV and that -was i!iCiT|i6ip!-.',.werp ';idehtificcl': with1 the .Silver'' Gang, an,, associate; .bdnd.'of robbers, w ho - wei e ^us). thon' .hecpm ing ?.?infamously , '.. .notorious 'under., the mysterious direction of: Montoith, a cle'vor rascal, who acquired immense influence ' over them ; through the uniform success of his Rcheiiies, and was,Btrango to say, almost as much of a'mystery to Ins criminal subordinates as to the police and those upon whom their dopiedations wero committed. 3jp only communicated with them under various disguises. Not one of them- ati that tirup know who ho was, what, was 'his real uaino, occupation, or even prpbablo ago ; but as ench of tho Silver Gang (au' named from one of its w|iL'cialities of robbing wealthy 'h-luHes of their nilvnr Nurviee-phvti-) was umlern. terrihlp oath not to pry .ia'to things that did not concern him, -iitiij us it was to their interest to keep :tlu» oath, the identity of 'tho ' major,' :he \yas was 'called, remained secure. ;;: JVXV.niiike a long story short, Harn jdeu.iell under the: displeasure of this '.mysterious leader, through a dispute c'|n'ceriiirig tho division of the spoil, ^ and /was marked for a summary :JHih'ishinpnr. The major put up a job 'pn'iiiiin, ???'and then betraying him into .tlio hands of the police, doubtless ??under ,the supposition that he would be ' effectually disposed of by being sent up for a torui of fifteen or twentv years. But the eutrapped man' got only twelve months by plead ing guilty, and then after swearing vengence against the man who be trayed him, bidding an affectionate farewell to his wife and child, and solemnly promising the judge who sentenced him that he. would come out of the prison a reformed and altered man prepared to undergo his punis h inent with philosophical cheerfulness. 'I was present at the last interview with his wife and child, and it was very affecting. ?' : Good-bye and God bless you Jenny,' he exclaimed, kissing her and the babe on her bosom. I'll bravely work out the year's .sentence, and, when 1 come out, I'll do as you've long begged of me — I'll turn honest, and work for vou and the little one with these sriiis like a good man. Keep away from the major and the miserable band you've beeu herding with. Don't let them hunt you down as doubtless they'll try to do, and I'll make it sunnv and crood tor vou when 1 come our.' 'Bless you for these words. Pat.' murmured the poor thin? in reply. : Little Dennis shall grow up an honest man, after ail. Good-by — goody-bv.' 'And. with a weeping embrace, he was off for prison, while she slipped quietly out of the court and disap peared. : Bat the infernal major persued the ?wife as remorselessly as he betrayed the husband. Acting under his secret ordei-s, ihe gang shunned, hounded, and maltreated her, and iiually turned her out of the wretched Five Points rookery which she had occupied with a number of them. ?' She was without money and repu tation, miserably sick, and the weather was snowy and cold. NevertheK*?. she made a hard right for it. occupying auy shelter that she could beg.'dav after day. and night after night, and seeking ceaselessly, persistentlv, to obtain honest employment. ' Hut it was all in vain. She had no character, by way of recommenda tion, to start with, ?n the major and his creatures gave her oue. At every shop, store, factory, or household, that she applied to for work, it was but to find herself forestalled by information, secretly supplied, concerning her criminal antecedents, which effectu ally set to naught her claims and supplications. JV.U lilOL .Tin: Wiin i icftjjiri ilLU, JlOpCrlvSS, without a friend and without a home, i and in this pitiable plight was found ? one evening crouching under ono or' the high stoops in the neighborhood of ' the Central Park by a policeman, who I nruflly ordered her away, and advised i her to seek a night's lodging at the ; nearest station house. j ' Pmt ?he gave no heed to his ad- j vice — perhaps being half-crazed with ? her suffering — but wrapped her baby j still more tightly under her poor j thin shawl, limped away through the ! fast falling snow, and entered the ! park. i ' Out in the snow, under the bare , trees, iu among the leafless, rustling \ schrubs, away up through the hillocks | did she wander in the lifeless, deserted \ park, which then must have seemed a '. wilderness, indeed, but more acceptable, ? more inviting, than the peopled but : heartless streets, from which she fared. I with the hunger in her body and despairing misery in her soul. ' No one couid interfere with her \ there, hunt her down, or bid her to j move on, or laugh at hnr, or taunt her | with her past wickedness and present friendlossness. ? Taster and faster fell the blinding snow, but it seemed to touch the earth softly and tenderly, affording her the covering and shelter that humanity had refused. ' I't was bitter cold, and she tore her shawl into strips to more thoroughly wrap up her child, while rendering her own poor shoulders defenceless to the shivoring winds. j ' Then she huddled closely against a | rock to keep of tho drift, and cuddled up about the child aR near as she could creep. And then, after the storm had slackened, the moon . came out but looked pityingly on the forlorn pair. ; 'The drift whirled faster and faster on Ihera to complete its worh, and then at last poor .Tenny, thn world's lorsaKeu wair, leu asleep lor ever under the, soft white mantle of the snow, which like. Oharity, covers each year'such multitudes ol! sin. 'The parfc^ policeman found her on the following morning, at a spot about two i hundred yards north of the seventh avenue entrance, frozen stiff. Ntf stone'marked hep grave, and a four lino 'paragraph, with side heading, f Unknown-. Woman Ji'ound Dead in Central Park,' was the only notice taken of hor death. 'The , child was still alive and moving on tho pulsclcxH bosom that would nourish it no more, but italwo died on tho third day thereafter from the effects of tho exposure, and that was the last of them. /Scarcely a mitk after this oie'nfc Hnrnden wtin Hot at liberty, and ii. chanced thaf I wan thn first acquaint ance he mnl; upon IiIh return to the' city. I should havo montionol Unit I had known him fivni hia boyhood, had deplored his ovil course, rejoiced in his promised reform, an;l was now anxious that he should not be tempted to go back upon his good resolution, while I dreaded the effect that would be produced upon him by the news of his wife's and baby's pitiful death, of which X was certain he was yet totally ignorant. ' ' My own duties had taken me away from tho city during the greater part of his imprisonment, or I should certainly endeavored to in some measures befriend the poor creature, thes particulars o£ whose miserable fate, as I have just described to you, I had only myself learned a day or two before thus meeting him at the depot upon his return from prison. ' As soon as Harnden stepped from the train and saw me he grasped my hand and dragged me into a uoighbor ing public house where he entered a private room. ' You see me return to the world a changed man, M'Ardie, and I trust with somo years of happiness in store for me,' he said, and I noticed that he was looking capitally, -with a clear manly light in his dark eyes. ' But tell ine quickly — where and how is Jenny. T felt myself growing pale, and could make no immediate answer. ; Speak ! Jenny and the child how are they both, and how they both fared through it all '!' he repeated with growing disturbance. ' -fan alive ! why do you turn your face away ?' ; Have you heard nothing of them V I stammered, stupidlv wishing to delav the shook. ?' How the deuce should I, when I am not two hours out of: the belt and bar? Tell me quicklv ! She is nor ill. is she V ' j ' 2\o, not ill — that's certain. Iv.-.fc j you will probably learn something u£ j 'their fate elsewhere.' j ; Fate !' he echoed in a broken j voiei', and then suddenly grasped me J by the collar .: ?' tell mo all. and this ? instant '.' ha cried hoarsely. ' Do it, j or Til throttle you in your tracks.' ! ?'Try to bear up, Par,' I muttered, holding him off, and trying to soothe him. ' I'd sooner take a' stretch in j gaol myself than br°jk rhe news to you. Both Jeuny aud your child are j dead. Pat.' J ?' Dead !' he yel'.ej — 'dead '. dead ?' ; The two last- words came out in ; horriried. bewildering gasps, and h^ I staggered to his feet, his back against ! the v.all. as white as a ghost. j :Yev I explained hurriedly. :I: was out of the town the whole winter, j and I only learne-I the particulars a ' day or two ago. The gang, in obedi- ' ence to the major's orders, first turned her into the street, and then hunted her from place to place, so that she j eo'ild not procure employment' i ?'And then, while he' stood there1 grasping and glaring at me. I gave ; him the whole and bitter story, much ' as you hid i: but more in detail. | 1 Oh. the flontls ! tho demons ! ' he ' at last moaned, beginning to wring his ? hands, but without a tear upon his j white horror-wrinkled face. j ? And you .V-Axdle — eren you did j not lift a hand to sav« her.' 'By heaven, Harndon ? ' I cried, 'had I been in ihe city and known your wife was in trouble or in want, 1!:1 have lost my arm at the shoulder biado sooner than let her perish, it was no fault of mine ' ' Oh, it nutters not,' cried the poor bereaved fellow, suddenly towering before me, with blazing eyes and cloudy brows, like an aveoger of old. ' At last, I am alone — alone in the world, with every hope, every tender feeling blasted. They have killed my wifo among tliein Mac — my own Jenny, that was all the world to me — and my litfle child, that was as innocent as the angles in heaven. Oh, had they no mercy! Could they- not have spared them and lot me suffer ? Listen to me, Mac, and what I am about to solemnly swear ^eforo high heaven. I'll have life for life, hunting for hunting, sleuth hounding, for sleuth-hounding, so may the God of justice and of vengeance help me in my hour of bitter need! I swear, by all that is sacred, to live but for one object — to tear the mask nf. mystery from the major's face, anil to hunt him ofF the face ot the earth ! And not him alone, but all of them — all, all, all ! Not a villian shall escape, male or female. Every one of tho accursed Silver Gang — every mother's thief of theDi — shall fuel a thief's power, a thief's vonguarico! I constitute, myself their Ncniesi.-j, to hunt and hound them down for ever niore .? ' Harndeh fairly shrieked forth those wild, threatening words, after which lie staggGi'C'l into the chair again,' breathing so hard and looking ho white that I hasteriiid into the adjoining saloon, .to procure .him some rofresh nicutci fearing that he would faint. But when I. returned he had partly recovered, and gontly but firmly re fused the tilass of stimulant I oroffered him, and tho former indulgence in which ,bad not a little to do with his swift descent amid crime and sin. I. may conclude my sketch by Haying that he has.ncvor touched a drop of liquor wnce, mid lie fulfilled the re quirements (jfhw terrible oath, wild1 and fitful '..an they scorned at , the ninrricnt'of their utterance, to tho very letter. ? ,' He turned detaatire, then, and hunted down the member* of tho gang, ono by one?' 'Ych,' br in 'pair* ..or groups,' replied my r narrator.. 'Of course,. it wat) some time, owing to h:s antecedents, before ho could' be entrusted; ?with', tegular 4'$c,! j vd Wfirk. '^ .But , it ' wati not long bofpre,,,he mado.'himhblf equaily ad riiire-i;by tbof'rco and feared by tho thieves in iiri'; Auxiliary 'capacity, and wKeh^hp was'1 regularly commissioned a«j,,a, detecJ4y,G, . tho cold , blooded, |iiiticTHy- rolcntiwH. ;. and. systematic lijtiiir.city a«d po;1. iHiono'witli which he began to hunt down, entrap^ inveigle, , and pick off the mcm'iors of that, gang, ? was a caution.' - : : ' ?. ' Aud the major 1' ? ?? ? : 'Why he was the fourth' or fifth that Harnden disposed | of by a strange aud exciting,' stratagem', an account , of , wnich .would !. make: a capital 'sensational story ,inv itself.1; His arrest, unmasking and exposure was one of the newspaper hits of three years ago. He turned out to' be a big gun named Monteith, who, while plan ning robberies in secret for a long time bad. been living in tho best hotels, which probably afforded ample oppor tunities for concocting the long series of burglaries which he planned for his subordinates to execute. He was sent up for twenty years, chiefly upon Harnden's testimony, and died miser ably in prison of pneumonia, con tracted in the quarries only a short time ago.' ' And the two thieves convicted the other day were, then, the last of these banded criminals.' 'Yes; Harden had only been five years in pursuing the gang, often at the itninineut peril of his life; and numerous and powerful as they were, not one of them remains to-day to curse our community. Either dead, fugitive, or within the prison walls, they have all disappeared, thanks to the piteous event that transformed a thief into an honest man, and brought about the making of the ' Detective's Oath. ' ' 