A SEA QUEEN J . NOW FIRST PUBLISHED. J Br W. CLARK RUSSELL, Author op " Tub Wreck op the Gros- venor," " A Sailor's Sweetheart," " An -Ocean Free Lance," &c.;, &c.; Chapter XII.— Mr Hosband Sails — (Con- ' tinned). .The time passed find brought me to A day which left only another fortnight for Riohard to be away. Hour by hour my little one had expanded, intelligence brightening in bis clear and beautiful eyes, and every day revealing some fifesh, sweet, baby humor to draw him closer to my heart, if that, indeed, were pos sible. - "But in n minute, as I may say, this star of life was eclipsed, and within a fortnight of my husband's return. I had left baby sleeping soundly in his crib, and was at tea with father, when my nurse rnshed into the roofn with a white face to tell me that baby was choking. I ran upstairs, followed by father, and going to the orib, saw my little one in convulsions. Bat I did not then know what was the matter with him. He was black in the luce andrigieUystii 2 to J the nurse to run for the doctor, and, distracted with grief and terror, snatched up my child and held him to my bosom. My father stood by helpless anil heartbroken. We neither of us knew what to do. . It seemed an eternity bhfore the doctor came. When he arrived he Immediately applied himself to recover my poor, child. But it was too late. Indeed, I cannot "dwell upon this passage. Within nn hour from the time that I hail, left my baby sleeping soundly and healthfully in his crib, he lay dead in the same little bed, and I was. silting by his side, stunned, tearless, heart- crushed by the intolerable blow. -I hnd felt my mother's death cruelly, but beside this loss it was as a snowflako /ailing on tlie hand compared to the searing of the flesh by a red-hot iron. One moment, as it might be, my heart was ns glad and sunny ns a spring morning with thoughts of my husband's coming, and of the treasure I should put into his hands — ny, even after I' had hushed ' my baby and laid bim dAivn in his crib in that sleep in which the dreadful hand of death was to strangle him, I had hung over him a full ten minutes, lost in a glowing fancy of his father's delight when he should look upon the canny little face, and trace in it his own, and the features of tho girl whom he loved more than he loved his own life — one moment, I Bay, I was proud and happy beyond words in these musings, and the niixt my child was gone, my heart wa3 bleed- lug, there seemed to be no Jiglit loft in the world, and instead of the old buoyant yearning for my husband's return, I looked forward to his arrival with a kind of dread, as if it were through my fault that our darling hod died, and as if his love would hold me accountable for bringing him to a grave instead of a cradle. My father's grief at the beginning was bitter indeed, but he wa3 too old a man to mourn long ; the death of those he loved or know were only as milestones to remind him that his terminus was not far off ; and this was a con sideration to temper his grief for the dead as though God's voice had spoken to him. On the evening before the funeral he came to me as I stood, looking, more like a Btone figure than a breathing woman, at my beauti ful darling as he lay in his coffin. I had tried to pray but could not. I could only stand and lqok,:. without a tear in my oyes, upon the" restful face softly pillowed, with tile golden hAir1 shining upon' the little head. My father cairie to me,. I say, and took my hand, and stood looking too, but I never moved. " Jessie, dearest child," said he softly, "I would have given my life to save yon bairn. The merciful God whoso light is upon his little face knoWB it. But now that he has gone I would not have iiim back. Ho lies there safe, We know where ho is, Jfessie ; we shall always know while life is with us. Think what he is spared by, leaving this world a child. Sin cannot touch him. Such grief as ye are fool ing, my lass, can never come near him. There wifl'be no thankless toil for him, no disappoint- merits; 'no perils ; no flying years which make men old before they feel they liaVe lived, and which' leave naught astern of them but a; desolate sea, with here and there a bit of the wreck of some cherished hope mournfully tftssing, and ahead of tliem nil, horizon lull of. the darkness of .the. coming, night. Jesaic, call up your heart and think a bit of whatdife raeanB, ahd thtn look at yon bojraje.slcejjet', arid ask yourself, if we would, have him awakened ?" die kissed mil, and his kiss and tenderness set ijie crying ris.if.iriy lieart'.would break, .and he led me avyny, Hj3 words went against the grain of my griefs then ; tlioy fell like ice upon me, who'/was carriitig 'foriay lokt one. .Yet I, haVe lived to, know he spoke the truth, inso much that- tliough'.after twenty years I cannot think of myhllttle ono .without dim eyes,, yct. if-' by " speaking I could bring' him j from .his grave to ' bless and love me, I would not Shy. tho Words, but rather would- give thanks to God for taking lrim to himself in . the dewy; innocent hours of his life, ft lid' fCC! limting him an angel instead of suffering him to be amah. ! Chapter XIII. — Elswick Cksietert, ThiB time Riohard Whs a Week behind the Lfe he lind hoped to. return by. Tho first miugled emotion of dread and eagerness for his arrivnl that possessed me wheft baby died had been replaced, by a passionate longing, to ave. him with mo, that he might share my sorrow and Comfort me. When no letter Came on the day T, .expected '.to' receive .one .1 grew anxious, anil as day after day the post man wont: by without ringing our bell, my anxiety grew insupportable. . But on a Friday — making it six days past the date he named— there Cam'e"a letter from Sunderland, saying he would he with me next night. . "Then again, the old dread, if I. may bo term a sense' I could not clearly define, seized me. Richard could not, know that baby was dead ; naji,: I was not even sure that he had received the letter I .sent him announcing our darling's birth. I - now earnestly hoped that letter had never reached him ; for in that case, what ever his hopes might lead him to suppose, he would have no fixed' idea of there bein<\- a little one at home to greet him, and so the news of baby's death could not -.'grieve and dis appoint him, as it would had he dwelt through out his homeward v'Oyne oh the happiness in store for him. V' Jessie," said father, to me on that Saturday on, which, Kicuard was coming, "d'ye mean to meet your, husband in that crape ?'V " AM-" " Yes, father," T answered, " he'Wotlld not like to see me in any other dress when he heard of our, loss.1' . ... "W?11/. y« .-know best," said, he, with the soothing : tenderness of manner and voice ' he always addressed me with now.' : " But I hope' to live to see the day when those. black clothes '11 go" out of fashion, .Death's made a deal acre cruel tliau it need be by Our custom of dealing with it. if I had my way I'd send all thefmitos in the coiiatfy to seh, and order all those objects called liCarses," with ' their plumes i nodding atop.'iike.scarecrows, meant to frighten respectable people out of the streets, to be con- Verted into Lathing machines. I don't know, I'm 'sure," said he, lying back in his chair' 'arid : looking up at the ceiling, "where we could have got such notioas as xnutc3 and hearses .from. I haven't much acquaintance With the ancient Jews and Greeks, but I'd be willing to bet a pound or two that our hat- I scarfs and gloves, and hired mourning coun- j -Published by special arrangements with tho author. ! Ail rights reserve. tenances, didn't come from thom. If they did | all I can say is, those peoplo deserve to be the forefathers of the folks who now call them selves by their names." , Ho went on talking in this way, whilst I sat near the fire, strainingmy ear at every sound in the street. It was November, bitterly cold even for Newcastle latitudes, and a strong wind was blowing, but this — Richard being ashore and safe — I took no notice of. It was two years and a few days since mother died, nnd getting on for seventeen month! since I was married, and . I could not help feeling with pnin, as I now sat waiting for my husband's coming, how little I had seen of him during those seventeen months, nnd how being a sailor's wife was very nearly as bad as being a widow or a divorced woman. Shortly nfter seven o'clock tho door bell rang, nnd in a minute I was in Richard's arms, weeping with uncontrollable emotion, and unable to speak. Resolved ns I had been to school myself to give liim the welcome he would like, the struggle was of no use. The moment 1 saw him I thought of our baby, and broke down, crying grievously, and speechless, i We stood in tho passage, and he was silent a moment or- two, proving his surprise at my l grief, wml by that surprise bis ignorance of tho , cause of it. "Bring her in, Dick; bring her in," my father called out. " Give lier her way for a spell ; she'll be the better for it." My husband obeyed, still wondering, and, putting his arm into mine, led me into the parlor, too much concerned and surprised even ' to shake hands with father. He seated liim- Belf ou the sofa, holding me close to him. " What is it, Jessie?" said lie. "What bad news bave you lind, my darling ? What friend have you lost ?" apparently noticing my deep mourning for the first time.. ."Did ye getno letter from her at Pensa- cola?" asked my father, in a tremulous, .voice. "One," answered Richard ; " but there was no bad news in it." "Nothing to tell yo that your wife was a mother, Diek ?" continued fattier, "No," replied my husband, quickly, and then stopping sbort and drawing me moro closely to him, as though he now guessed all that could he toltl. I raised my head from his shoulder" and looked at him. "I knew there was a little one to come," said ho. . ' "He's come and he's gone, Dick," ex claimed my father, solemnly. "God loved him too well to let him bide, even for thee, my lad. It's J esBie's grief. But her heart '11 mend now that she lias ye to talk to." And, getting up, he pretended to seek for something, peering first here and then there, and finally left the room, that my husband and. I might be alone. If ever I had dreaded telling Rfehnrd of our Iosb I had now no other sense of that fear, than to reproach myself for having felt it. It soothed me unspeakably to pour out my heart to him ns I Bat nestling at his Bide, earnestly and tenderly watched by liis loving eyes. For, in Bpite of my father's touching, simple, con soling sympathy, I had felt myself alone with my grief. There was only one person in the whole wide world who could truly share it, and he had been away when my anguish was greatest grief. True it is that life draws a circle round hus band and wife, in which the dearest and fondest relative mokes but an intruder. The lawyers may call marriage a civil contract if they like-; but for ray part, though born and bred a Protestant, I hold that Church right which considers it a sacrament, and believe that no woman who has. lost a child, and laid 'her head upon her husband's breast to weep there, but thinks of marriago as ' a covenant as sacred as tho Divine love that appointed it for us. I could not expect that Richard should feel as I did. He had never. seen our darling, never beheld his beauty, nor watched, ns I had, the gradual unfoldiug of the little bud whose bloom nnd promise had been nipped by tlie cold frost of death. Yet there was deep dis appointment in his faco, and sucli a sorrow ns must arise in the heart of a man who could see with his soul's eyo tho love that lind come and vanished in his absence, that had been as real ns life nnd beauty could make it, and yet no moro than a dream to liim cither. However, before my father joined us, I had told liim tho story, had dried my eyes, and was talking to him about himself and his voyage, and smiling as he kissed me and told mo to remember that we were together again. "Yes," said I, " and we will remain togei ther. You must tako me with you next time. I am so lonely now— even with dear father — that it would break my. heart to say good-byo to you again, and to remain ' childless and widowed ns I have been." As I said this my father cdme in. Ilielieve lie overheard the closing sentence, but ho said nothing about it until much later on, when, ' the supper tilings being removed, and we being gathered round the fire, which' father had built up until it not only, looked like a furnace but roared liko one, he said— r "Dick, if ye have a mind to carry Jess with ye to sea, next voyage, she shall go.'" " Well, cajitairi," answered Richard, "you know I have Utile heart to take her from yon, and leave you njonq in the old home. But she is very downspirited. Her health is not as it bright 1)0. . I believe a few months at sea Would make lier hearty again and as for me,, there'll be iio happier mail afloat . when I get her fairly aboard with me." " What do ye say, Jess ?" asked my father. " If yok can do without me, father," I re- plied, ' " I' should like to be with my hris- band."' ' . "Be it so, then," said he. "We'll have no more palaver. The thing's settled. There's no ubs in your stopping at homo if your heart's abroad, and ns Diek says, ye want a change. Besides, the pleasure of being with him '11 be meat and drink to your spirits, . Whore are ye bound next, Dick ?" , . " I shan't know until next week," answered Richard. "I heard this morning that tho Phantasy is promised to Captain' Gardner, and that there's a chance of my getting com mand of a pretty little clipper barque that Was launohed not long ago by Laing, If so, ' my port will bo Sierra Leoue." My father shook his head. ' '' " The white man's grave, Dick." " The climate's bad, I admit, captain, but we're not going to live there," " Why, that's very true," said my father. "And I don't know, when all's said and done, whether it's worse than tlie West Indies, or the parts ye're fresh from. If ye go to Sierra Leouo, JeBs, ye'll have to carry a few dic tionaries with ye. I hear there's nigli three score languages spoken in Freetown alone. What's tlie uaine of the barque, Dick !" "The Aurora." Another fancy name," exclaimed my father, again shaking his head. " Why don't they leave poetry to the navy folk, and stick to the old Susannahs and Mary Anns aud Jemimas of my day ? Aurora ! How's a plain able seaman to answer hail-with such a mouthful as .that behind his teeth ? I suppose she'll be having good cabin accommodation ?" " Sure," answered Richard. " Wood or iron, Dick ?" ' Wood." "That's a good job," said my father, light- ing a pipe and looking pleased. "Wood was meant by Providence to swim, iron to go to the bottom. If ye'd have said iron, I don't know whether that and Sierra Leone put toge ther wouldn't have set me against Jessie's going." "And what will yon do, fathftiif' r-'-'"ij timidly, feeling almost conscious stricken by the gladness bis resolution to let me go 'gave nic. "Do?" he replied. "Well, it'll have to lie a break up. Another shifting job, and the last one, I hope, in this world. I'll go along to Shields, and get ready a homo for yo to set tle down in when Dick and you have had enough of salt water. , He looked slorily round the room, letting his eyes linger, with a wistful expression in them, on the old curiosities which littered the side tables aud sideboard and chimney piece. " It'll be a bit of a wrench," he continued, " but It'll soon be over." " Why do you wish to leave 5" said I. " It would make me happy to feel as we sailed home that we were returning to this old house." "Think a bit, Jess, and the answer '11 como to ye. Hero mother died. Here our little bairn died. Here ye were born, my loss, and here ye've lived all your life. Fancy me coming home and sitting alone in the room, hearing nothing but tlie wind, and the clock ticking, and the ashes dropping out of yon grate ? D'ye think I could bear it, with all tho past standing like a picture be fore me? No, no," said lie, coughing to clear a sudden liuskiness out of his voice, " when yon and Dick go, I go. I'm not a fanciful man, bnt there' d como ghosts to this house after yo were gone that would keep me fretting as no wise heart will ever let itself fret. But U"h't ye mind about that," he ex claimed, with a sudden burst of forced cheer fulness ; " I shall be right enough. You two tako care of yourselves, nnd come back home safe. That's all ye need attend to.". Weil, as you may suppose, it depressed me sadly to Hear him talk like this. But then I also remembered that he had been a good deal away from me, sometimes never seeing me from breakfast till supper-time for days to gether, and that therefore he would tot miss me to the extent he imagined ; also that at Shields he would hnvo plenty of congenial society to keep him interested and amused. Besides, for whom wn3 I going to leave him ? I should little have deserved the name of wife had I hesitated between him and my hus band. Next day being Sunday, wo three went to church, and after serviceRichard and I walked to Elswiek Cemetery to visit our baby 's grave. That spacious burial place is tolerably well filled now ; monumental stones stand thick under the shadows of the trees ; and down tho breezy open slopes — from whose summits you survey the Durham Hills, with the Tyno at bottom winding its silver coil towards Blaydonand Newburn,and tho little village im mortalised in English story ns the birthplace of George Stephenson — the soil heaves in billows with the furrows of innumerable graves. But in those days the cemetery was little more than garden land, with he're aud there a grassy hillock, or the gloam of white stone amid the shady recesses to denote its character. Our darling's resting place wa9 marked by a little cross, with that sweet sentence, " Jesus called a little child unto Him " carved on tho steps. It was a bitter cold day ; the north east wind howled through the valley of the. Tyue, and tlie flying sunshine Hashed and faded upon tho hills as the dark bodies of vapor swept across the sky. When my husband came to the spot where our baby la', lie stood looking awhile without speaking, touched to tho heart by the littleness of the grave and the sight of his and my name upon the cross, and tlie ago of the lost one — " Five months and one week'," He then took off his hat, ,and knelt down ttnd Bald a prayer. It would have moved a heart of flint to see this sailor, with his hair- tossing to tho wind, his hands clasped, liis eyes fixed on the little cross, praying at the resting-place of his child whom he had never seen, whoin ho loved, yet could only think of as a spirit. Never did death appear to me so great a mystery and miracle as at that time. ' Charter XIV.— The Adrora. However, a chaugo was now about to come, and the thoughts of it, coupled with the feel- ing that I should not again be separated from my husband, greatly helped my spirits, The dream of my childhood was to be realised at la3t ; I wns not only the wife of a Bailor, but I was to live with him in a ship, traversq with him that measureless deep which ever since I could remember hail wooed mo with -tho voice of a magician, nnd behold some :of, those shining lands, those glorious blue waters, those rich azure tropical heavens, of which the fancy had haunted me like a dream of things seen in another state of life. My father, having made up his mind to my going, viewed iny departure with more Bpirit and firmness than I had dared . to hope in him. He interested himself to secure Richard's ap pointment to the Aurora, and knowing tile- owners, indeed having Boinu risks with them, he easily and speedily obtained his end, and within a fortnight of my husband's return the command of tlie new barque was given him. The date, of sailing -was fixed for the 1st of February, " a cold month for the North Sea and Channel," said Richard' to me; "but once clear of the Land's End, Jess, every liour will carry us nearer tiio sun ;" so that I had plenty of tune to make ull. necessary pro vision for the voyage, which I learnt was to occupy a longer period than I had supposed, for, after discharging at Sierra Leone, we were to proceed, either with a freight or in ballast— I cannot tell which, for one forgets more im portant tilings than that in twenty years to Capo Town; there to load a cargo of some kind for home. Tlie bustle and business of mnking'ready for a journey helped greatly to draw my thoughts away -from my recent sorrow, and also pre- Vented me from dwelling upon my approaching separation from my father. ' He advised mo in my outfit, made purchases for me, and brought such experience to bear upon my personal Wants as Richard had no notion of. A week before I sailed I went down with him and my husband to where the Aurora was lying to look at her and inspect the cabin. She was alongside a coal-staith, one of the most unpic- turesqne of inventions, and What with that and her grimy surroundings, tlie bittor cold, grey, cheerless day, the streaming turbid river, and the smoke colored atmosphere, which rolled away In folds before tlie wind, my first impres- sion, as we came upon her, and Richard pointed her out, was anything but pleasing. But I was undeceived when I got aboard, for then I had ths whole hull, so to speak, ' before me, and, raising my eyes, could be hold the beautiful, delicate fabric of spars and rigging soaring into tlie leaden hea vens, and re-eohoing in a continuous shrilling noise the voice of the freezing blast as it swept through the complicated tracery. As I have said, She was a brand-new vessel, small indsed, of within 400 tons registered bur den, as nearly as I can remember, but ns pretty a model ns was ever launched, She was painted black, with a narrow tt-hito line running along her sides liko a silver ribbon j her quarters were decorated with gilt scrolls ; the copper ou her bottom, being new, shone lihe dull gold ; her figurehead represented a woman with a star uponherforeliead.tlieriglithandgraspinga torch, but the beauty of the design could only be appreciated by notiug the lovely curve of the cuUater and tho stutely run of the bowsprit and jibbooms shooting far in advance of the marble-like figure, as though some giant were pointing ou- the road with a colossal snear to the torch-bearer, who gazed steadfastly ahead. - We are building nowadays such hideous vessels— drain-pipes, a3 I have heard them called— shapeless metal fabrics, with huge up- and-down bows, small pole masts, funnels close ngainst the taffrail, mid a broadside view ns elegant as the back of a camel, that the mind instinctively recurs to the yacht-like and handsome models of twenty and thirty years j ago. The Aurora was a real specimen of the shipbuilding taste of that age. She was - the work of a firm who havo furnished the mer chant servico with some of the handsomest wooden vessels which ever flew the red ensign. " Come here, Jessie," soid Richard, and lie took me to the wheel now yon see her," said liBi looking at mo to see wlmt I thought. From this point I commanded her fulllengtli. and though the decks were littered with what sailors call raffle, and the yards were braced different ways, whilst the sur roundings, such as the coal-staith, the sullen weather, tho gloomy river, and the perspective of tho Tyneside prospect — never more unlovely than on a dark, wintry, smoke- discolorcd day — were all so many defraudments of beauty, yet even I, bringing but a woman's eyes to her, could behold such points of honest tasteful workmanship, such harmony of proportion, sucli combination of strength and delicacy of bul warks, spars, deck fittings and the like, as filled mo with admiration, and I could not help exclaiming, "Oh, Richard, she is just a little sea homo to dream of ! With ail sail set and under a blue sky, what a lovely sight will sho be ?" My father, who boil not seen her before, was delighted with. her. He peered into things no landsman would dream of noting, and accompanied hi3 inspection with a run ning commentary of appreciative criticism. " Finer sticks I never sow," he exclaimed, looking aloft. " There's nothing liko bright masts for appearance — ay, and for wear. Give mevarnishaforepaint. Faint, I always say, rots; tho toughest fibre can't stand it, and it'll cat into ouk itself like saltwater worms. Ye've got a spread of topsails there, my lad, that should make you fit to tako a comet iu tow on a bowline. Ye'll need to stay the mizen- topmast forward a trillo ; the lean of tho lower mast'll look the better for it. Jacob's ladders, I see. Well, tho hoys should bo grateful. Better them than top-gallant ratlines, though I'm for shinning, and leaving everything light and airy from tho cro3S-trees. I'd never fit those ladders under a thousand ton. I'm glad they've given her the old-fashioned chains. The more spread, the hotter hold, say I. They're losing sight of the sensible notions, and the less beam they allow the further they bring theirdead-eyesinboard. That's why yonowadays hear of so many masts going over the side. A good roll and away they go, like a man's pipe out of his mouth when ho tumbles down. Dick, I like your boats. As Jes3 is goiug along, Bee that ye keep 'em all ready for getting over board. Don't be ashamed of having tackles : ready for the long boat, and if your spare booms won't sit atop of the galley, then lash 'em alongside ; don't build in your long boat. She's meant to save life whea wanted, not to be turned into a forepeak and lazarette in one." Considering the Aurora was to be my homo for I could not tell how many months, it was very reasonable that I should examine lier closely, and follow all that my father said about her with attention. She was flush deck; that, is — for I must remember I am not writing wholly for sailors — her decks were a level sweep fore and aft, which made her look longer than she really was. The little galley just abaft the foremast, the long boat, nnd the lower masts alone obBtruoted tlie view. Some of her deck fittings might have embellished the' deck of -ft' yacht.' "The harness cask, for instance (where ' the salt meat for the orew would bo kept at sea), was girdled with bright brass hoops ; tho belaying-pins for tho mizen rigging were brass j tho wheel was richly carved ; the cabin skylight and companion looked to be of dark polished mahogany ; a sandwhito grating abaft the wheel hid the tiller- chains ; and each cathead was dcoornted with a gilt disc and rays representing the sun. Of course 1 1 should not havo noticed theso points but for my father, who called them out, as if he read from a catalogue, as lie went here nbd there, or hung over tho forecastle rail. Though my kuowledgo of sliip3 was tole-. rably minute for a woman, it would scarcely embrace sucli features as these. But their being pointed out to me made mo the prouder of - my new homo, and as I stood a moment at the companion before descending, and look ing up at the tapering heights which soared overhead, I remember feeling a longing for the time when I should see the whito canvas gleaming silent and full ngainst the ocean heaven, and hear the moan of the foam pouring from tho knife-like stem, and hissing and seething away astern from the leaping and sparkling waters of the glorious deep. - The cabin was a small square compartment containing five berths, one of which was toler ably .large — occupying, indeed, the whole breadth of the vessel , under tlie wheel — whilst it. communicated by means of a door in the bulkhead with a smaller berth on the- star board. or right-hand side. The big. berth was to bo ours, and tlio iittlo one. next it at our disposal to use as. a, box . room or dressing room. .... "There ate two drawbacks," said Richard. " First you'll, feel the pitching here almost ns severely as if you were iu tho forecastle ; and, secondly, you will find the clank of tliu wlieol chnins and the jar of the rndderhead bother some ; but you'll soon get used to the noises, whilst as to the pitching, you're" -too good a. snilbr, Jess, to take notice of any frisking the Aurora may have a mind to favor us with. "Take notice of tho frisking, d'ye say, Dick?" cried my father, .laughing, "Man alive ! if tho lads aren't smart, you'll find her at tlie yardarm showing .'cm how to pasB tlie earrings ! And keep her clear' of niar- linspikes and dangerous tools of that kind, for if there's any1 sogeh'ng done aloft, ye'll have her after the lubber, though lie should be shift ing tlie dog-vane, and your orew 11 not be so numerous that' you can afford to let your wife prick 'em one by one overboard from the mastheads." I smiled as ho shook his head and wagged his forefinger at me, as thougli I were veri tably the terrible aud audneious nautical woman he made me out to be. " ' " Who will sleep there ?" said I to Richard, pointing to the berth next ours on the port side. "The mate, Mr. Roger Heron," he replied. " D'ye carry a second mate, Diek ? " in quired my father. " Second mate and carpenter," he replied. " More carpenter than second mate, captain, I expect ; but, if a good seaman, better than cither. He sleeps abaft the galley. There being no use for these two Spare berths, I've given them to the steward, one to sleep in, and the other for his forks and plates." " And n very good arrangement too, seeing that ye'll have a lady passenger aboard .wlio'll want looking after," said my father, prying obout and examining the interior of our berth minutely, and evidontly quite a.-Viatied with' all he saw. After lingorlnghere some twenty minutes, we returned on deek and went ashore ; but even there my father stood running his eye over tlie vessel, scanning her narrowly aloft, walking to a plnce where he could see her " run," and taking note of every detail, from her bends to tlie roval-mast head, before we could draw liim away. And then, coming over to where we waited, he drew a deep breath, and said — " She'd do. She's proper to look at, and fit I to remember and talk of. Jess, in your j husba'nd's hands she'll make you as safe a home as ever ye found iu the old parlor and bed- ! room. Don't ill use her, Dick ; dou't drive her when she's willing to go. It seems n sin that a hull should be mado a coal hole of ; but ye can show vour romorii by let ting lier have no more to carry than she's fit to lioid. She'll Iook like a summer buHerHy in fine weather on tile wnter. And liacj T tlio 1 pick of a whole year s shipping in this river— i ay, and yo may chuck the Sunderland docks in too — there's ne er a craft among tlio wholo of 'em tlmt I'd choose before the little sea homo ye've given to your wife to tako her first voyage in with ye, Dick. ' 