The House of White Shadows. CHAPTER XXV. PIERRE LAMONT LIES AWAKS. BY B.L. FARJEON. Author of "Blade-o'grass," "Joshua Marvel," "Bread and Cheese and Kisses," "Grif," "London's Heart," &c.; UPON no person had the supposed appearance of a phantom in the grounds of the House of White Shadows produced so profound an impression as upon Arthur Balcombe. This was but natural. Even supposing him not to have been a man of susceptibility, the young lady's terror as she gazed at the shadow which her imagination may have conjured up could not have failed to make an impression upon him. This was the first night of his return after an absence of many years to the house in which he had been born and had passed his unhappy childhood's life; and the origin of the belief in these white shadows which were said to haunt his estate was so closely woven into his personal history as almost to form a part of himself. He had never submitted his mind to a rigid test of belief or disbelief in the signs ; one of the principal aims of his life had been not only to avoid the villa, but to shut out all thought of the tragic events which had led to the death of his parents. He loved them both with an equal love. When he thought of his mother he saw a woman patient in suffering, of a temper exquisitely sweet, whose every word and act towards her child was fraught with tenderness. When he thought of his father he saw a man, high- principled and just, inflexible in matters of right and conscience, patient also in suffering, and bearing in silence, as his mother did, a grief which had poisoned his life and hers. Neither had ever spoken a word against the other; the mystery which kept this tender loving woman and this just high principled man apart was never disclosed to their child. On this subject they entrenched themselves behind a barrier of silence which the child's love and winning ways could not penetrate. Only when his mother's eyes were closed and her lips sealed by death was he privilegod to witness how deeply his father had loved her. Much of what had been dis closed to the Advocate's wife by Mother Denise was absolutely unknown to him. Doubtless he could have learned every par ticular of the circumstances which had led to the private divorce of his parents had his wish lain in that direction, but a delicate instinct whispered to him not to lift the veil, and he would permit no person to approach the sub ject in nia presence. The bright appearance of his sitting- room cheered and refreshed him when he entered it after bidding the Advocate good-night. The care that had been taken to make it pleasant to him was evident, and he was instinctively grateful for it. But this pleasurable sense was not unalloyed. His heart and his conscience were disturbed, and as he took up a handful of rosed which had been thrown loose into a bowl, and inhaled their fragrance, a guilty thrill shot through his veins. With the roses in his hand he stood before the picture of Adelaide which she had hung above his desk. How bright and beautiful was the face, how lovely the smile with which she greeted him! It almost seemed as if Bhe were speaking to him, telling him that she loved him, and asking him to assure her once more that her love was re* turned. With what a tender pressure had she clasped his hand when she parted from him a few minutes since! In her eyes he read what she dared not say in the presence of others, "lam youra—only yours!" He tried to think out the consequences of this fatal infatuation —how it commenced (though that was not in hia power to fix; it was a creation, not a growth, a star-Hash which suddenly revealed to him that his heart, his soul, were the slaves of her beauty), how it progressed, how he had at first yielded to it in ecstasy, then fled from it in horror—and how it would end. The attempt was vain; he could not think; he could not reason. The passion which burned in his heart was a consuming fire, in the fierce light of which the power of reasoning was lost. For a moment the fancy came upon him that Ade laide and he were like two stars, wandering through a dark and dangerous path, and that before them lay death, and worse than death dishonour and irretrievable ruin; and that she, the brighter star, holding him tightly by the hand, was whispering, "' I will guide you safely; only love me, love me, love me !" Had he gone too far to recede '! Well, but he had Btriven to free himself, had wrestled with the fever without success, for all his endeavours had ended in his finding himself once more entangled in love's net. There was one means of escape—death. A coward's refuge, which might not even afford him a release from dis honour, for Adelaide in her despair might let their Becret escape her. Why then should he torture himself unnecessarily ? It was not in his power to avert the inevitable. He had not deliberately chosen his course. Fate had driven him into it. Was it not best after all to do as he had said to the Advocate that night, to submit without a struggle ? Men were not masters, but slaves. "If I drift, I drift," he thought. "The path is strewn with flowers. How many men would envy me, and sacrifice everything to stand in ray place !" When the image of the Advocate, or his friend, presented itseif to him, he thrust it sadly from him. But it came again and again like the ghost of Banquo; conscience refused to be whipped to sleep. Crumbling the roses in his hand, and strewing the floor with the leaves, he turned, and saw gazing wistfully at him the eyes of his mother. The artist who had painted her picture had not chosen to depict her in her most i'oyous mood. In his heart, also, as she flat tefore him, love's fever was burning, and he knew, while his brush was fixing her beauty on the canvas, that his love was returned, though treachery had parted them. He had striven, not unsuccessfully, to portray in her features tfte expression of one who loved and to whom loye was denied. The look in her eyes was wistful rather than hopeless, and conveyed to those who knew her history the idea of one who hoped to find in another world the happi ness she had lost in this. Sweet and tender reminiscences of the years he had lived with his mother in these very rooms stole into Arthur Balcombe's mind, and for the first time in his life he allowed his thoughts to dwell upon the question, Why had she been unhappy? " The sole right of publication in Queensland of " The House of White Shadows" has been pur chased by th« Brisbane Newspaper Company, Limited. She was young, beautiful, amiable, rich; her husband was a man honoured and esteemed, with a character above reproach. What secret would be revealed if the heart of this mystery were laid bare to his sight? If it were in his power to ascertain the truth, would the revela tion cause him additional sorrow? Better, then, to let the matter rest. What good purpose would bo served by raking up the ashes of a melancholy past? His parents were dead. And here occurred a sudden revulsion. His mother was dead—and, but a few short minutes since, her spirit was supposed to have appeared in the grounds of the villa. Almost upon the thought he hurriedly loft the room, and made his way into the gardens. " My neighbour and master of this house," said Pierre Laniont, who was lying wide awake in the adjoining room, "does not Bccm inclined to rest. Something disturbs him!" Pierre Lamont was alone. Fritz the Fool had left him for the night, and the old lawyer himself, in no mood for sleep, was reading and listening to the movements around him. There was little to hear; only an occasional muffled sound, which the listener interpreted as best he could; but Arthur Balcorabe, when he left his room, had to pass Pierre Lamont's door in his passage to the grounds, and it was the clearer sound of his footsteps which led Pierre Lamont to his correct conclusion. "He is going out of the house," continued Pierre Lamont; "for what? To look for his mother's ghost, perhaps I" The old lawyer associated this reflection with a smile of derision. " Ghosts! and fools still live who believe in them! Well, well—but for the world's delusion there would be little work for busy minds to accomplish. As a fantastic piece of imagery, I think I might conjure up an army of men sweeping the world with brooms made of brains, of knavery ? folly, trickery, and delusion. A comprehensive word, this last, with a range so vast that a man might lose himself in the labyrinths What's that? A footstep! Human ? No—too light for any but the feet of a cat!" But here Pierre Lamont was sadly at fault. It was Dionetta who passed his door in the passage without, conveying to Arthur Bal corabe's room the note written by the Advo cate's wife. Before the arrival of her new mistress, Dionetta had always worn thick boots, and the sound of her footsteps was plain to hear; but Adelaide's nerves could not endure the creaking and clattering, and she had supplied her maid with shoes. Besides, Dio netta had naturally a light step. Arthur Balcombe met with nothing in the grounds to disturb him. No airy shadow ap peared to warn him of the danger which threatened him through his love for Adelaide. Were it possible for the spirits of the dead to make themselves seen or heard, assuredly the spirit of his mother would have appeared and implored him to fly from tho house without delay. Happy for him would it have been were he one of the credulous fools Pierre Lamont held in despisal—happy for him could he have found out of the shadows which moved around him a spirit in which he could have believed, and could he have heard, in the sighing of the breeze, a voice which would have impressed him with a true sense of the peril in which he stood. But he heard and saw nothing for which he could not naturally account; and within a few minutes of midnight he re-entered his room. "My neighbour has returned," said Pierre Lamont, " after his nocturnal ramble—or was it an assignation? He has been absent long enough for one. He has been living the gay life of cities, and has learnt much, no doubt. Hark! that sound again!—as of some living thing stopping cautiously on the boards. If I were not a cripple I would satisfy myself whether this villa is tormented by restless cats, as well as haunted by unholy spirits. When will science supply mankind with the means of seeing and hearing what is transpiring on the other side of stono and wooden walls? Ah I that door of his is creaking. It opens—shuts. I hear a murmur of voices, but cannot catch a word. Balcombc's voice, of course—and the Advocate's? No, the other voice and the soft footsteps are in partnership. Not the Advo cate's, nor any man's. Men don't tread like cats. It was a woman who passed ray door, and who has been admitted into that room. If a woman, what woman ? Ah! if Fool Fritz were hero we would ferret it out between us before wo were a quarter-of-an-hour older. Still talking—talking, like the soft murmur of peaceful waves. Ah ! a laugh ! By all that's natural, a woman's laugh ! It is a woman! And I should know that silvery sound. There is a special music in a laugh which cannot be mistaken. It is distinctive, characteristic. Ah ! my lady, my lady! fair face, false heart; but woman, woman all over!" And Pierre Lamont rubbed his hands, and also laughed, but his laugh was like his speech —silent, voiceless. Chapter XXVI. MIDNIGHT VISITORS. Upon Arthur Balcombc's desk lay the enve lope containing the note written by Adelaide. He saw it the moment he entered the room, and he took it up and looked for a name upon it. None was written, and it was scaled. It was clear that some person had been in tho room during his absence. He opened the door of his bedroom ; a lamp was burning there, throwing a soft light around, and the room wag empty. In his sitting-room once more he stood quite still, with the unopened note in his hand, as if he dreaded to learn its contents. Suddenly he thought that it must have been the Advocate who had come to the room, and who, finding him absent, had left the note for him. With a sigh of relief he tore open the envelope, and as he did so a faint perfume floated from it. The feeling of relief he had experienced was instantly replaced by one of uneasiness. "It is from Adelaide," he murmured. " Impru dent ! Imprudent! How often have I warned her !" He read the note :— Dear love.—l cannot sleep until I wish you good night, with no horrid people around us. Come to me immediately, for one minute only. For over and for over yours. Adelaide. Go to her at that hour, within a few minutes of midnight! Impossible ! What madness ! What madness to think of such a thing! " Surely she has not been here," thought Bal combe ; "she would not have risked discovery by such a step. But if she has not been here, another hand must have placed this note upon my desk, and another person must share the secret I hoped would never have bt-en revealed. I must warn her. Imustbcfii. i!': ••. Happily, we are not surrounded .. . ■-. ••• and happily, too, there ia no roor. nature for suspicion !" He blushed \>. at this unworthy thought. Five years ago could he have Been—he who had never in his life stooped to meanness or deceit—the position in whicli lie now stood, ho would have rejected it with burning indignation as a monstrous impossibility. But by what easy .steps liad lie reached it! He looked down at his feet and the scattered rose leaves around them. Ah ! the dangerous hours of the puat, when love was confessed, acknowledged, returned ! Was it a crime then to bo happy ? Was love a sin ? If ao, all nature lied, and all the natural prompt ings of the heart were but so many lures to de- Btruction. " The mistake we clever men have made," he thought, with a bitter smile, "has been to surround ourselves with false doctrines of honour and friendship, which cut into us like sharp steel." His heart seemed to stop beating at the sound of a light footstep without. He went to the door and listened. He heard a soft tapping upon the panel, not with the knuckles, but with finger-tips. He opened the door, and Adelaide stood, smiling, before him. With her finger at her lips she stepped into the room, and with her own hand closed the door behind her. "It would not do for anyone to sec," she whispered ; " I shall not be here a minute. I have only corao to wish you good night. Give mo a chair, or I shall sink to the ground. I am really very, very, frightened, but you will protect me, will you not ? for you are a man, and you love me." She had taken his hand in hew during this speech, and when she finished ahe pressed her soft lips upon it. "Quick, Arthur, quick, bring me a chair, or I shall fall into your arms." He drew a chair towards her, and she sank languidly into it. "As you would not come to me," she said, " I was compelled to corae to you." " Compelled !" he said. They both spoke in a vory low tone, fearful lest their voices should travel beyond the room. " Yes. compelled. lam urged by a spirit to do as I do." His face grew white. " A spirit!" "How you echo me, Arthur! Yes, by a spirit." She looked up into his eyes with the tendercst smile. " The spirit of love." " Adelaide," he said, his heart beating wildly; her tender voice, her tender smile, seemed to wreck his reason ; " your imprudence will ruin us." "Nonsense, nonsense," she said, lightly, " instead of making me bold, you would make me weak. But you cannot alter me, Arthur; nothing can alter me, nothing—nothing but death. As for ruin, who is to know? And, after all, what harm is there in our having a pleasant chati? We arc old friends, are we not '. Now, I will not let you interrupt me. I know what you were going to say. You were going to say, 'Think of the hour !' I decline to think of the hour. I think of nothing bnt you. And instead of lookiug delighted as you should do, as any other man would do, there you stand as serious as an owl. Upon my word, Arthur, I think I ought to have been the man, and you the woman. Conic, bring that stool, and sit at my feet." "You said you were not going to stop a ' minute." " Nor shall I stop longer if you obey me. Bring that stool here immediately, and do as I bid you. That is right. Now answer me, sir: why did you not como to me the moment you read my note ?" " I had but just read it when you tapped at my door." " I forgive you. Wherohavo you been? With the Advocate ?" " No. I have been walking in the grounds." " You saw nothing, Arthur ?" she asked, with a little shiver. " Nothing to alarm or disturb me." "There was a light in the Advocate's study, was there not ?" "Yes." "He will remain up late, and then he will retire to his room. After wishing me good night I never sec him again till the following day. Oj my life is a very bright and beautiful one with him. He is so tender, so graceful in his ways—so fond of pleasure—pays me so much attention, and such compliments—is so light hearted and joyous—sings to me, dances with me! O, you don't know him, you don't, indeed. You know how fond I am of dancing, Arthur. Wo will have a dancing party hore, and I engage myself to you for all the waltzes. Well, would you believe it ? Never, since we have been married, has he danced once with me. As for putting his arm round my waist, I think it has occurred two or three times in the last twelve months. I remember asking him to join in a cotillon; you should have seen the look he gave me." She laughed out loud, and clapped her hand on her mouth to stiHe the sound. " I wonder whether he was ever young like you and me. I don't think —I really don t think—he ever could have been. What a won derful child he must have been —with scientific toys, aud books always under his arm (it would not surprise me to learn that he wore spectacles, to make himself look wise)! Yes, a wonderful, wonderful child, looking, O, with such disdain upon the little girls who wanted to make love to him! What is your opinion of him, Arthur?" "It pains me to hear you speak of him in that way." "It should not; it should please you ; for it proves that you have no rival in ray heart. But men are never satisfied. Well, we will speak of something else." "Adelaide," he said, but she did not allow him to proceed. " Say ' Adelaide, my love!' Say it this instant, ir, or I will jump to my feet and command you in the voice of a tragic queen." He was compelled to olicy, agitated as he \va.s by a terrible conflict of feeling. " Adelaide, my love." "Ah, that is nice of you. You may kiss my hand, but not my lips. lam afraid of you— afraid of myself. Arthur, listen to me. I speak lightly, do I not, but there are moments when I shudder at my fate. Confess, it is not a happy one, is it ?" "It is not," he replied, after a pause, "but if I had not crossed your path life would ho full of joy for you 1" It was not this he intended to say when she interrupted him, but there was such a force even in her light words that his very thoughts seemed to be under her dominion. "There would have been no joy in my life," ahe said, " without you. We will not discuss it. What is. is. Sometimes when I think of things they make my head ache. Then 1 say I will think of them no longer. If everybody did the same, would not this world be a great deal pleasanter than it is . You cannot deny that. O, you must not forget what the Advocate called me to-night in your presence—a philoso pher in petticoats. Don't you sec that he is on my side, though it is against himself. Of course one can't help respecting him. He is a very learned man. He should have married a very learned woman. What a pity it is that lam not learned ! But that is not my fault. I hate learning, I hate science, I hate theories. What is the good of them? Thoy upset us. They say this is not right, that is not right. And all wo poor creatures can do is to look on in a state of bewilderment, and wonder what they mean by it all. If people would only let the world alone, they would find it a very beautiful world. But they will not let it alone ; they will meddle. A tlowcr, now—is it not sweet —is it not enough that Nature sends it us to give us pleasure '! But these disagreeable people say, ' Of what is this flower composed— is it as good as other flowers—has it qualities, and what qualities?' What do I care? I put it in my hair, and I am happy because it becomes me, because it is pretty, because Nature sent it to me to enjoy. There, you see, I have made you smile." " Because there is a great deal of natural wisdom in what you are saying." "Natural wisdom ! There, now, does it not prove that lam right. Thank you, Arthur. It comes to you to say exactly the right thing exactly at the right time. I shall begin to feel proud." "And," continued Balcombe, "if you were only to talk to me like that in the middle of the day instead of the middles of the night" She interrupted him again. "You have undone it all, with your ' ifs.' What does it matter if it is in the middle of the day or the middle of the night? What is right is right, is it not, without thinking of the time? Don't get disagreeable; but indeed I will not allow you to be anything but nice to me. You have made me forget everything I was going to say." " Except one thing," he said gravely, " which you came to say. Good night, Ade laide." " The minute is not gone yet," she said, with' a silvery laugh. "Many minutes, many minutes," he said, helplessly, " and every minute is fraught witli danger." "I will protect you," she said, with supremo assurance. " Love is a powerful angel. Do not fear. I see quite plainly that if there is a dragon to kill I shall have to be the Saint George. Well, lam ready. Danger is sweet when you are with me. Do not shame your manhood by being less bold than I, a poor weak little woman. If there is danger —which there is not, Arthur —wo will share it together, and I will throw my shield over you." He was powerless against her; he resigned himself to his fate. " Who brought your letter to my room?" he asked. " Dionetta. Could Ido it myself ?" "No. Have you confided in her?" " She knows nothing, Arthur, and she is devoted to me. If the simple maid thought of the letter at all—as to what was in it, I mean she thought, of course, that it was something I wanted you te do for me to-morrow, and had forgotten to tell you. But even here I was prudent, although you do not give mo credit for prudence. I made her promise not to tell a soul, not even her grandmother, that queer good old Mother Devise, that aho had taken a letter from me to you. She did more than promise. She swore she would not tell. Have you noticed how pretty she is? but you must not fall in love with her. If you do, I will kill her. You do not know of what lam capable where you are concerned. I bribed her, Arthur; I gave her a pair of ear-rings to-night. You should have witnessed her delight. I would wager—what?—a thousand kisses that she is at this moment no more asleep than I am. She is looking at herself in the glass, shaking her pretty little head to make the diamonds glisten." " Diamonds, Adelaide ! A simple maid like Dionetta with diamond ear-rings ! What will her folks say ?" "O, they all know lam fond of her. And I havo bribed others as well—Fritz the Fool, and old Martin—one with money, the other with smiles. Ah, how happy I am, talking to you, with nobody by. If the world would only stand still! I should be happy to die in your arms" They started to their feet with a simultaneous movement. " Footsteps !" whispered Balcombe. "The Advocate's, said Adelaide, and she glided to the door, and turned tho key as softly as if it were made of velvet. "Ho will see a light in tho room," said Arthur. "Ho has come to talk with me. What shall we do?" She gazed at him with a bright smile on her lips. His face was ashen white with fear ; hers rosy-red with excitement and exultation. " I am St. George," she whispered, "but there is no dragon to kill; we have only to send him to sleep. Of course, you must see him. I will go into the inner room ; you will lock me in and put the key in your pocket, so that I shall be safe. Do not be uneasy about me ; I shall be quite comfortable." Before he closed the door upon her, she drew his face down to hers ; " I love you," she said, and kissed him. Then he turned tho key and opened the door of his sitting-room, and admitted the Advocate. |T0 BE CONTINUED.] 