AMIES' OF TEE DAT. ' Our London messages this morning contain a summary of the despatches which have been exchanged between the Imperial and Queens land Governments in connection with iSev Guinea, A despatch from Lord Derby, the Secretary of State for the Colonies,, to th« Acting-Governor of Queensland, dated tho 11th inst., states that the Imperial Go vernmeut regrets that Queensland should have- acted as it did in regard to the annexa tion of the island, as it thereby exceeded Its powers as a colony, The fears that tho territory would be annexed by some foreign power are characterised as not oniy indefinite but unfounded, and not sufficient justification for the course taken by the Qufcensland Govern- ment. Lord- Derby, however, promises that .the British naval force in New Guinea waters . shall be strengthened on condition that Queens land contributes towards th© expense of stationing deputies of the High Commissioner .of kthe Western Pacific at points on the south- oast coast of the island, thus securing th© gradual establishment of a British protector ate. The cholera, which recently extended to Cairo, is increasing rapidly in hat city, 160 deaths having $aken place up to Friday.- Additional intelligence in regard to the-al leged intention of France to annex the New Hebridesia contained in our Sydney telegrams this morning. Nothing definite ae to th© course which Franc© intends to pursue has transpired, but the movements of th©..lyfcfich war vessels ore such as to indicate that they had instructions to visit the New 'Hebrides and report to the French Government on their suitability for annexation. It appears that the man-of-war Bruat, during her recent visit to Brisbane, sent a telegraphic message to the French Government, and on her departure. left an aide-de-cninp of the Governor to receive the reply. The Dnpleix, another. French war vessel, arrived at Noumea on the 14th inst., the aide-de-camp referred to being on board with, an it is supposed, the reply of the Govern ment to the previous despatch. The nature of the reply has, however, not been mad© public. The P. and 0. s. Cathay arrived at Glenelg at three p.m. on Saturday, and may be ex pected in Hobson's Bay this afternoon. The correspondence she brings ;can be an swered by the Bteuiner Cuzco, of the Orient line, which leaves on Wednesday next. The Orieut steamer Cuzco, en route for Lon don Wd- Adelaide and the Suez Canal, arrived from Sydney last evening at ten minut».s to live o'clock, and will, after taking in t-argo here, resume her voyage, leaving at two ociOwk on Wednesday afternoon. She has not many .passengers at presents but they will be v-on-u- derabiy added to from Melbourne. Her varuO, however, is a very large one, including 200 quarters of b©ef, 434'J carcases of mutton, 2000 cases of preserved meats, 0 boxes of gold coin (£15,000), the remainder being made up of wool, copper, tin, leather, pearl shell and wine. About 1710 bale space has been left for the cargo from this port, and 200 tons space for Adelaide, which will make her a full ship. The Telegraph department here has received a notification from Madras, to the effect that telegrams from North America can only be received at the risk of the sender till further notice,' as th© operators of the Western Uuivu Company have struck. The Government business to be proceeded with in the Assembly to-morrow will be limited to the continuation of tb© debate on th© second reading of the Railway Manage ment Bill. It iVexpectedthat the debate will be finished on Tuesday night, or at th© latest on Wednesday, ami a division taken. The House will only be asked this week to go into committee on the bill -pro formu. After the disposal of the second rending the budget debate, will be resumed. In the Legislative Council tho third reading of the netting Law Amendment Bill will be taken, 'and the Dog Act Amendment Bill is to be further con sidered in committee. . The Grand National Steeplechase Meeting of the Victoria Racing Club was held at Flemington on Saturday afternoon under most favorable conditions, the weather being fine and the course in excellent order. The at tendance was large, and general regret was ex pressed that the occurrence of a fatal accident in tho principal event of the day should have marred the otherwise enjoyable programme. The first event on the card, the Maiden Hurdle Race, was won by The. Joker, with Belle Brandon second and the favorite, Ontario, third. In the Maiden Steeplechase Shamrock was successful, Speculator being second aud Hope third. The Grand National Hurdle Race fell to the light weight, Dizzy, Rhesus finishing second and Basilisk third ; Prospect, the favorite, was nowhere. The Grand National Steeplechase was, after a very eventful race, won by Black thorn, Sailor being second and Black Jacket third; Australian Court, as well as several others, coming to grief over the treble at th© back of the course. The Selling Hurdle Raca was won by Sunlight, but as his rider was short of weight the race was awarded to Wild Harry, who finished second. The Handicap Flat Race, which wound up the pro ceedinge, was won by Virago, Bonnie Be© being second and The Ghost third. The fatal accident already mentioned as happening in tho Grand National Steeplechase occurred at one of the three fences near the abattoirs, and resulted in the death of Archie MTnnes, a well known ctobs country rider, who haB been connected with Mr. H. Chifney'a stable for th© past nine years. He was riding Chrysalis, and, in company with Australian Court, came down heavil% being so crushed that ho died a short time afterwards. He was about 24 years of age, and was an industrious, nnob trufive, steady young man, and generally liked. It is stated that he was the sole sup- port of a widowed mother, for whom Mr, L. I L. Smith started a collection on the course, ! and received upwards of £100, aud will be . glad to accept further subscriptions from all who desire to contribute. Although Saturday last was fixed by tha Victorian Commissioners for the final reception of entvies of exhibits intended for the Cal cutta Bxbibitlon, the list is by no means com plete. A nufnlxv of metropolitan. and country manufacturers, who have intimated their in teution of exhibiting have not yet formally .applied for space, and until tbey do so tbeir names cannot be included in the official cata logue — the copy of which will be placed in tha hau ila of the Government printer riunng tha present week. Amongst the entries «ceivod on Saturday was one by the Victoria Woollen Mills Company, Geeiong, consisting of over twenty samples of tweeds, military ciothos, Ac. Tho disolav of Victorian wines, spirits and I ales will be unprecedentedly largo, entiles having been received from every lending winegrower in the colony, while about twenty samples of spirits will Do exhibited. The collective exhibits of the various Government deportments will bo more extensive and complete than at any previous exhibition held outside ictorin. The Education department will be especially well represented, Mr. T. Bolam, the Inspec tor-General, having entered into the task ot collecting exhibits in the most enthusiastic manner. The Department of Agriculture will contribute over 100 samples of various indi- genous products ; and the .Mining department will bo represented by numerous interesting exhibits, including cores from the diamond drills, models of nuggets, plftus, &c.;, maps of the goldfields, and a special gold trophy, , the latter differing from any trophy yot exhibited. Mr. Guilfoyle, director of tho Melbourne Botanic Gardens, is also co-operating heartily with the commissioners, and his exhibits will bo of an unusually interesting character, a well arranged ferntree gully being amongst the novelties that will he furnished to Indian visitors in the Victorian court, V iu a view of arranging for tho shipments of ex- \- bibits direct to Calcutta, the authorities of New South Wales and South Australia hate been telegraphed to for the purpose of ascer taining whether they will enter into a joint arrangement and what quantity of freight they can severally guarantee, binder no cir cumstances will applications for space be re ceived after Wednesday next. A special handbook, for distribution at the Calcutta Exhibition, is being compiled. Mr. Hayter, the Government statist, has furnished an interrcsting statistical account of the colony, based on that which he contributed to the official catalogue of the Melbourne Inter national Exhibition. It contains the latest in formation on the subject of population, pio- ducts, commerce, &c.; Baron F. Von Mueller, the Government botaniBt, has beenlnvited to contribute a short chapter on our indigenous vegetation : and Mr. Bosisto, the president, will himself be a contributor to the handbook, which will contain a colored map of the colony. A portion of the work is already in the hands of the Government printer. The usual fortnightly meeting of the City Council will be held this afternoon. A call of the wbolo council has been made, in order to reconsider the question as to the council's con tribution towards the erection of the new Prrace's-bridge. The council will also con sider the matter of the amendment of the Public Health Statute. Tho steamers Fleetwing and Victoria yes- ' terday brought to Melbourne a quantity of recovered cargo from the wreck of the George Hoper. The Fleetwing had on board 559 cases of brantty and the latter 177 cases of epirits and S bales and IS cases of soft goods. It ap pears that the weather was particularly fine for working at the wreck yesterday 'morning, and the lighter was accordingly towed from Oaeenscliff by the Victoria and anchored close to the George Roper, when the lumpers refused to work any more, and the lighter had to be towed inside again. Tbe Victoria then loft for Hohson's Bay, and has brought up tho 20 men pho refused to work. The Fleetwing will require somo repairs to her screw beforo proceeding to the Heads again. Tbe Cardcmainf Leader states that it is " the intention of certain young gentlemen of Castlemaine to go upou a commercial and sugar planting enterprise to New Guinea. The projectors of the expedition look upon New Guinea as certain to become a colony eventually, and consider it richer in miuernls and produce than any part of Australasia. Sugar growing is estimated to yield a profit of 75 per cent, in Queensland, and if inud is taken up for that purpose in New Guinea, where labor will be cheaper, it is expected that the profit will be even larger. The Queens- , land Government has been written to respect- I ing the terms and extent of selection of land, and a reply is shortly expected. The idea is to take some European as carpenter and gene ral man, and to obtain a native of New Guinea in 'Queensland who .would act as in terpreter. One of their chief articles of ex port is expected to be sandalwood : and a good .deal of the information thoy have at present has been derived .- from Captain ?»Ioresby's Discoveries in New Hebrides and New Guinea, The party proposd to leave Victoria about the end of August or beginning of September, to make, the necessary purchased in Sydney, aiid then to go on to Brisbane and Cooktown, from which latter place they will start for Port Moresby in New Guinea. They will take letters of introduction to the mission aries." Kirkham, the officer in charge of tho black trackers Moses and Darby, aged 23 and 21 re spectively, who were employed in investigating the circumstances of the murder which was committed at tbe Gorrmn Hut, near Ararat, has drawn up a report, the following summary of which appears in tbe Pleasant Creek N'rwt : — "On Saturday, the trackers examined thu ground inside and outside the hut, where they found different traoks from the liut door. Darby discovered the trail made by tho dead man being dragged from the hut to the creek, a distance of about 100 yards. In this trail are plain and distinct tracks of n man's boot, from the hut door to the precise spot in the creek where the body was found. Tho track led along the trail of tbe dead man, aud the same track returned to the hut door, to be seen as plainly as possible. The same tracks again go down to tbe creek and cross over, about 20 yards from where the bod' was thrown in. The tracks then proceeded to the Ararat road, going in the directiou of Ararat, bat when followed thus far the men were com pelled to give up, owing to the heavy rain, which had obliterated further traces. There was a striking peculiarity about the track which easily distinguished it. The boots were sew, but the two centre rows of nails were out. The left boot near to the toe had a large bulge in it, which left a dent in thu foot print; four noils show only in the centre row towards the toe, and blx show in the centre towards the instep. This was the only descrip tion of track near the trail of the dead man. All the boots on tho station were measured, and those of all the constables who were near the hut, bnt rone had any resemblance to the track except the boots of the prisoner, which fitted exactly." Mrs. Austin, of Barwon Park, who estab lished the Austin Hospital for Incurables, is (according to the Geeiong Advertiser) evi dently determined to place the institution in a thoroughly sound financial position. The endowment fund at present amounts to £1130, and Mrs. Austin has promised that if the public will increase tbe sum to £3000 she will supplement it with a donation of £2000. A lecture is to be delivered by Mr. W. E. Murphy, secretary of the Trades Hall com mittee, on Monday evening next, in the Fitzroy town hall, on behalf of the widow of the late Wilson Gray, the subject being Emblems of the Past and Present. In addi tion there will be musical selections both vocal and instrumental, contributed by Miss Josephine O'Brien, Mr. W. R, Furlong, Mr. James Walsh and Mr. Charles Sykes. A quarter of a century ago Wilson Gray waa one of the leaders of the Liberal party in Victoria, and will be remembered by many old Liberals as the president of the land convention which did so much in the direction of bringing about a reform in the land system of the colony. Mr. Gray brought himself to penury through tbe advocacy of Liberal principles here, but his abilities were recognised in New Zealand, where he was appointed a judge of the Supreme Court, a position he held until the time of his death. Those members of the Trades' Hall committee who were formerly associated with the late Mr. Gray appeal to the public on behalf of his sister, who is advanced in years and unable to any longer supply her own wants. It Is announced that every purchaser of a ticket for the entertain ment will be presented with a photograph of tbe late Mr. Gray. A lecture, entitled The Prince and Professor at the Tomb of Abraham, was delivered at St. Paul's pro- Cathedral last evening by the Rev. W. F. Pearce. The lecturer gave a brief ac count of the tour of the late Dean, then Pro fessor, Stanley and the Prince of Wales through Egypt, and the attempts made by them to penetrate the mysteries of the sacred caves containing the bones of the sacred patriarchs. He also gave a description of tho difficulties encountered by the travellers in obtaining admittance to the Mosque of Hebron, under which reposed the bones of Abraham, Sarah, Isaac and Kebekah. Wlien the party arrived at Jerusalem the Governor was asked to obtain tbe required permission for the party to explore the caves, but being afraid of stirring up the feeling of the Mussel- man populace, be was obliged to refuse. The matter was, however, arranged by General Bruce, and .the party entered, being received by six of the hereditary guardians of the mosque, who groaned aloud when they saw the infidels entering. The party eventually saw the remains of the patriarch Abraham, but were refused permission to see the remains of the other members of the family The lecture was interesting throughout, and listened to with considerable attention. Tbe restbetio opera, Patience, was played tbe Princess Theatre on Saturday, few the last time, before a large audience. This tho Pirates of Penzance will be produced, witn managerial assurances of completeness. The People's Concert, in tho Temperance Hall, Russell-street, was again successful in attracting an overflowing attendance on Satur- dov evening. The Concord Serenader. re-ap- peared in an entirely new programme, which appeared to be thoroughly enjoyed. The second portion of the entertainment waa of a miscellaneous character. The anniversary meeting of the Cllilis-Btreet pendent Church Literary and Debatuifr Society will oo held this evening. Vocal and Instrumental music ana reariinus will be ciren by members and friends. A lecture will be delivered this evening at the Fltz- rov town hall by Mr. C. A. Tracy on the Ancient National Music ot Great Britain. A number 01 national airs will be rendered by' some vocalists. The following is tho state of tho Homeopathic Hos pital for tho week ending 21st July t-n-pauonts . it. inainirg last week, 11 : admitted during week, 0 , died during week. 1 : number remaining. 16. Out- patients: New cases. 32; number remaining. 391. lVe hare received from Messrs. Gllibs, fchallard and Co. Si dney, a few Hist samples of the firm s next sea son's Australian Christmas and New Tear cards. Tho cards ore well got np and the designs are upon in- dieenous flora and fauna There is also a scries il lustrating' our native birds, and several seml-romicaJ designs in which the opossum, kangaroo, and natlvo companions are features. 