MIELBOURNE. From our own Correspondent. As you will have perceived by your metropolitan journals the moribund O'Logslen administration has given up the ghost at last, decently, without calling for a division, heads having been counted, and they finding themselves in a helpless minority. They had, however, twenty four hours more lease of life than they expected in a most unlooked.for and un expected manner. The reformed Upper House having been constituted of forty two members instead of thirty as formerly, the President considered the quorum ought to be fourteen members now, in lieu of ten as before. After waiting the customary half hour and only thirteen. members turning up, he adjourned the House till next day, and so the Supply Bill for £587,500, and the temporay Ad vances Bill for £170,000 which had been rapidly passed through all their stages that day in the Lower House had to wait another day to be clothed with the neces sary Upper House formalities before they could become the law of the land. But the cream of the joke is, that this is an error, as the Reform Act did not alter the number required to make a quorum, namely ten. This was one third of the old House, and the President's mistake, no doubt, arose from the impression that the same proportion of the new House which would be fourteen, was required to make a quorum. The result was that the O'Loghlen Government had to retain office for another day, as "some" 'Minis tar or Miniatocr must.bd present to con duct measurewthrough their lat stages. As the new Cabinet could not be sworn in until the old had left office, Mr. Service and his colleagues were left out in the cold I shades of opposition for just another day. Such are the revenges of the whirligig of time. Mr. Cooper has been re-appointed to the office of Chairman of Committee' in the Legislative Assembly, and Mr. Jenner to the same honorable position in the Legislative Council They were both de nsous of their sad fates. A circumstance of very rare occurrence in this colony, and considering the high and well-known polish of the persons con c rned, cannot be passed over sub silentio.. I refer to the golden- wedding celebration . of the Dean and Deanres of Melbourne, 1 the Rev. Mr. and Mrs. fMacartey of the fiftieth anniversary of their nuptial day. They had a large lere of visitors, personal friends and many dignitaries of the church and State. Cordial congratulations were given, and hopes expressed that life and' happiness would continue to be theirs. Long may they both live say I, and enjoy the company of their hosts and friends. A probate was obtained last week for an affecting will, considering all the cir camstaaces._.oitsaaurroundings. .The _ father of Captain Williams of the ill- fated1 barque Bulwark, which, after lying at the bottom of the seant Sandridge for several months, was about twelre months' ago raised and put in sound sea- going order, was the "applicant. She subsequently foundered while on anwoyage from Puget Sound to.this colony with a cargo of tim ber all the officers and crew with the ex ception of two A.B's being drowned. Amongst the drowned was Captain Wil liams, and his father has now succeeded to his estate in this colony. I hope the land" will be ntore farorable to the father than the sea has been to his son. An instance of the precocity and audac ity of Young: Australians, resulting this time in the death of the juvenile, occured through fracture of the skull, at the prao tice of the Carlton Brewery Fire Brigade last week. They had erected a platform for ladder and hose practice, and had scarcely finished with it ten minutes when the accident occurred. No one had any right to get on the platform,.and the brigade hiad great trouble in keeping the boys off. This one, however, amongst others, got upon the platform, and whilst creeping across a beam, lost his balance and felL Great sympathy is felt for his bereaved parents as to this case. He be longs to the "respectable" class, but who unwisely do not exercise sufficient control over their boys. A curious accident, also relating to fire men, but fortunately in this case, though two have received severe injuries yet no life has been lost, occurred at Sandridge. A fire brigade meeting was being held in upper room of an hotel Underneath the chair of the President was a vessel con taining some spirits of wine, which had been the subject of some discussion im mediately before. The chairman in throwing away a match he had lighted his pipe with, inadvertetly dropped it into the liquid, an explosion took place, the contents of the room were scattered about and the brigaders thrown down. When they recovered from the effects of the shock, they found the President in flames running out of the room. Some followed him, and were set on fire also, one more seriously than the rest. He and his cap tain were carried to the hospital and are now progressing towards recovery. Another illustration of the old saw, that even with brigaders, fire is a very good servant, but a very bad mater. 