St. Andrew's Ciiurcli. The re-opening of St. Andrew1# Preaby- ? terian Church, Narracoorfce, was cele-1 brated by. a tea and public meeting, held in the Institute Hall on Wednesday, Nov. 28\. The tables for the tea were prettily laid out and liberally supplied with flowers. A bouquet of flowers was also put for each guest. The comestibles and the attention to visitors were' excellent. The tables were given by Mesdames E. R. Peaice,-Lambert, Steel, KeIly,_Loutit, John. Thomson, Sprigg, and Miss Mary Macin tosh. These were assisted by/the follow ing ladies:-Airs. D. Campbell, Misses | Mclnnes, Sprigg (3), Annie JKice, C. Mac intosh, McGilrhrist, Wells, Caldwell (3), Cadden (2), McKay (2), Peake, Rudolf, Thomson, A. Melbourne, Butler and Beaton. There was a large attendance at the public meeting, which was presided over by the Rev. J. B. Steel, triio in his. open ing remarks expressed satisfaction at the repairing of the church and at the success of the tea-meeting. He. referred jfco the trouble the accident to the church had given the congregation. At* the time of the accident he was away, and he was heartily thankful when he found that even before he returned active steps had been taken for furnishing the old church so that services could be held in it. The ladies who had carried out the fancy fair with so much determination had been a great encouragement, and through their exertions L200 had been paid into the Bank. As the annual teameeting would have fallen close to the time of the fancy fair it had been postponed to that day. The .attendance _at,it had not been so large as usual because iftatiy"were employed .with shearing; and the harvest which was also coming on would triake the number, less. They had received from every iside much assistance. As a Presbyterian min ister-he" naturally t >oktyrrekt 'interest in the church to-which he belonged! The followers of Christ were very many, -and .were,, j5g.attpr.ed throughout the whole XorlgU ^Jssj^j&d; a great master, "and he hidjnauy^drs^its. IJe'jegarded the; dif ferent" nations,*"churclifes"' and other divis ions as so many servants of the great King. He rejoiced that their master had so many servants. The more he read and thought he.felt that their church had not been without honor, from her .master,;1 who had -made use of it- ^fe;ah effective power in the world. He referred to the intro duction of the: gospel into-England and the early stages of Presbyterianism in Scotland. Presbyterianism would in' time wholly overthrow superstition and in -fidelity. The aim of the Presbyterian church had be?n to' educate the people so., that they might read the Bible, anjd one effect of this action of the Presbyterian church.could. be-seen in. the fact that lay men were "being moreaiid ttwjre employed in the government of all the chutches. Even in the Church of Rome the: same educational influence could be fcraced'In the recent decision of the. Pope to; allow the documents of the "Vatican to .be used by historians. The Presbyterian cihurch was now at peace with all Christian chur ches and had nothing to be afraid of. In introducing _ the next speaker, he said he was Bony to Know Mr. Teague was-going from Narracoorte; as Mr. Teague and his wife bad been the first to; welcome him to Narracoorte, and had always been oi good terms with him. The Rev. H. H. Teatjne {Wesleyan Church) had unfeigned pleasure in ad dressing the meeting. He thoroughly reeipi-ocatel the kindness expressed by the chairman, and one of his most pleas aut, lveollec ioiia of Narracoorte would be associated with tlie name of the Rev. Mr. Steel and his good wife. He.Jiad, been thinking that perhaps the calamity that overtook the Presbyterian, Church, a fa w months ago' was not so ^freat as it" yras then thought, Ho was nut sura whether the result of that would not be to the ad vantage of the church. The casualty had awakened sentiments of liberality and kindness in the district, and the people, had 'responded to the requests for money heartily and cheerfully. The act of giving had very largely benefited the givers. He was pleased to stand upon the same plat form with ministers of the Presbyterian and Anglican communions. From what he could gather from the: outlook generally he thought a very much mora liberal spirit was coming over the various branches of the ode church ; and the old bigotry,, that used, to separate Christ's Church "was wearing ::avray, and he be lieved the time would come when not a single vestige of it wonld remain. But he firmly believed in the utility of the existing denominational arrangements These in some way met the various exist j ing needs of the various members of the Christian community. At present it would be a great pity if they all behmged : to one denomination. They were of one ! Church, regarding Christ as" their head . and foundation, having one faith, one baptism, one hope, but the Christian Church had not yet attained an ideally perfect state. There existed a need for mutual rivalry and stimulus. It would be bad for Narracoorte if it were left al together in the hands of the Anglicans, or the Presbyterians,. or of the Wesleyans, If any Church had it all in their own hands and WAS not stimulated by others .the Chances were they would go to sleep, which they, were not allowed to do now'. Thfe Churches were a sort of police guarding each other and keeping one another on the right track. But he admitted that denomiiiationalisni had been overdone, especially in the vari ous branous of the Methodist Church. At present there was. a tendency to reunite some of these branches, which was discer nible in Canada and England, and the same thing was being thought about in Australia, and would be thoroughly , dis cussed at the Conference in next January, i Personally he thought the union beiug discussed in the newspapers would not be brought about just yet but he felt sure it would come at a not very distant time. It would come about naturally and should not be forced. Mr. Teague proceeded to say that.personally he had infinite faith in the religion of the Lord Jesus Chiist, And unshaken faith in that grand old book, the Bible. He had iuGnite faith in the Chris tian religion and iu the doctrines, of the Bible. In regard to a great deal they had to contend with in the form of scientific skepticism he had very few misgivings. He felt sure the Bible was the word of God and thatNature was God's own handi work ; and these two things having one common author could not clash, or be op posed to each other. When science had arrived at correct conclusions and when - the interpreters of the Bible had arrived at correct conclusions it would be found, there was no disagreement; there would be the most perfect harmony and concorcl. In looking baek upon the past history of the Christian religion there was every reason to believe in its divineness and its power to renovate, upraise, regenerate, ennoble, 1 urify and save the world. The merits of Christianity could be judged of by its fruits. It had caused Europe to pass from the deepest darkness and most fear lul moral gloom to its present state. Irom the progress already made, he looked forward to a bright an! suuny future. The time would come when all' ihe nations <>f the earth would be brought i ndcr the influence of Christianity. hoped they wotild not lose sight of their individual -responsibility in this matter. He concluded by wishing Mr. Steel anil the Presbyterian Church every prosperity.;' (Applause.) The Rev. D. Souter (of the Penola Presbyterian Church), complimented the people here on getting ont of their diffi culties so well, but said woe to them if they got rid. of..their debt altogether, for what would they then have to'do. In that case ho hoped they would " find some other way of touching the pockets. He. .described the. ..doll dead sort of life existing in the church before 1843 when the disruption of the church of Scotland took place ; and repeated some anecdotes , to illustrate the mechanical lifeless eharac ter ofmany of th," ministers at that time. The Free ChurchKadBUCceeded in almost driving snch ministers as th'esfc from the church. How had the Free . Church suc ceeded 1 It started without help from the State and had depended thoroughly upon God and the voluntarycontributions of the people. The foundations of that chucch were laid" in *thorough, earnest prayer. From prayttr the people rose to do "what was wanted for- the church and the miuister. The want now was of a thorough earnest .praying people. Prayer was not everything; work nrast go with it ; but still if they wanted to succeed they must have prayer from the people. (Applause.) The Rev. A. Sells, M.A. (of St. Paul's, Anglican .Church, Narracoorte), who was received with applause, said that this was his first appearance at such a meeting. Hitherta he had refrained from attending similar gatheringB because it had seemed to him that too often when from the same platform Christian .ministers of different denominations delivered addresses one after another, there was a shrewd sus picion that while , th^y had words Bmooth as butter in their mouths they bad war in their hearts. He hoped it was not so that night. He congratulated the Pres byterians on the success attending theie pairing of their church; and he hoped times had «oaltered.-that jtbey were not likely to emulate Jenny'GetkdesancL throw their stools at him because he happened to ? have a prayer, book in his pockety The tendencies in ther colonies were hoi only .for .people to rub off their prejudices, but tq rub away .their principles,,as -Veil; and often pfeoplis'sireltgio^s notions came to be neither fish, ftesh ivor fowiTbut|reverted to a kind of protoplasm, which he hoped the growing of a new ^national life would remedy._ . He could not endorse what~ Mr. Teague hadsaitf about denomina-" tionalism being agood thing, fle believed in one Holy Catholic' Church. It might be asked could; he believe in one Holy Catholic C^iM-chwlrtn there were so many separations -and jealousies. In spite of aU this he* believed in one ehjjrcb, . catholic and hofy, ^He lobked fotwaHl to th&iime; though he might-never ,!fsee it--when the union of Christendom would be an accomplished fact". It np^ht 3qK>t be.Tn the . form he expected and not in onefold, as it was wrongly translated Jin the. Bible, but one flock under one shepherd, . What he meant "by the r^nark in commencing was that ft seemed to be incongruous after speaking from pne platform, for it to be seen that they were not is com munioa, ¥itb. one another. He held that all -»'persons who- , 1euL\ , been baptised ret the name of the Father, Sou .and. Iioly Ghost had been 'brought mtdthemyfeticaLbodyof' Christ. At present, however, there were bro&d; lines of separatum heiw«-e»the Churches. The Presby teriaus in their solemn League. : and Covenant felt obliged to say' they ffould work to extirpate papacy and pre lacy, while thay iu their formularies said it was evident to: all who read the Holy . .ScciptiiresrJand.tho aucie!it"fa.thcrS there . had always been in - Christ's Church , bishops, priests, ana deacons. "With atfch dilferexicieg jthey were scarcely a^letowork together^ |nft..tjiey. Wi.uld all fecho his wish that instead of bating ..there to estab lish the Church of Ej^glaud or theChnrch of Scotland they, were there to build up a National Church of Australia. (Ap plause.) He hoped that 4he -enquiring spirit of to-day, which t»sts everything the light of history, would at hw»t affwd" them s»me approach t<ra .^utifrnnfiix&iiiyl;:. of theijr present vexed questions ^tfcd. difficulties. One of these <juestionswaa : that of church organisation. The mors he studied the matter the more lie was convinced th^t the Church " of England" was perfectly right in the words he .bad quoted, that the institution of episcopacy could be traced back to apostolic direction, and that then* was evidence as good as they could hare short of express statement, that it possessed the power of .divine ap pointment or at least sanction. The i facts were sufficient to make them jealously hold to the form of organisation ' which they had retained. The hurricane had blown down the wall of tho Presby : byterian Church, and the damage had < : been repaired ; but at the time of the Reformation a hurricane . pimtanism audi innovation had broken down a ' good paFt of the -building of : the church wltich had yet to. be restored. A young lady was told she could improve lier complexion by rubbing hsr face with a towel after washing: she applied too much of the remedy and rubbed the skin : off. In like manner hie church and the church of the chairman were still suffering from the abrasions they had received in the application of a remedy. In England anti here there was a desire to find some way in which they could reunite the broken sections of Christendom He did not wish for uniformity but for unity. (Applause.) The Rev. J. B. Steel'said there were plenty <»f people not very religious in t^eir methods of thought and these sometimes had the idea .that ministers of religion > were at variance with one another. That evening showed it was.-uot always > so. The proceedings of the evening were enlivened by several pieces of music. Mrs. Vandrey, Messrs. Attiwill and Mc Gilchrist sang " Breathe soft ye winds" ; Mr. Gardiner sang " Oh, I thoujht the liviug dead" ?. Misses Hunt and Grierson, " Where J" ; Mrs. Yaudrey, Messrs. Yaudrey, Attiwill and McGil^ clirist " How sleep, -the brave" and "-Awake Bolian lyre" i and Mr, Yaudrey " My Rose- Marie," The accomp^aiests were Mrs. Magarey, Miss Heiksley and Mrs. McLoughlia. - . ;» A colleotionand singing the Natkm*I Anthem concluded the meeting. 