GENERAL EXTRACTS. A vounq lady (says tho Sheffield Tele graph) wns recently ndvertised for, at four shillings a week, to give tuition to four children in n genteel neigh bourhood—English, French, Latin, inu3tcj and othor specific subjects being required.. Quito n shoal of : answers, many of thorn "kinder: sarcastioal," Imve beon sent, including one iu which the handwriting, holies the spelling :— " maddara,-—I'vo bin at Burd School and am wanting sitvulion as guvarnis has mother alias wants .mo at.-rannglo, I'dd rather oftor a good edicaiion teech ohildcr but mother sex mangling pays best. So it duz but isn't so ginteel loiko. Four childor will bo a deal of bothor but lot I havo a Cain and I'll qniton uin. Four shillins a week-isn't much to keep ono self on but mother so7. i can make out with manglo at noits and prnps you can make up-with Borao cast off close occasionally.•■ I'm yer man. Address A. S. S. Bord School lie of Sky.—A lady as lives nero here gives me 5 shilling's n. week for cleaning boots and knives & cetera whon she's busy, but-it dirts onoVands and Bord School has taught me botter." The correspondent who forwnrdod ; the above catting writes 1-—"The-ndvor. tisod demand tends to show tb'o dis counted state of the ' education-impart ing' market in tho old couutry,,-whilst in the reply I fancy I see a deep vein of satire, as showing what hurried education—cramming—French ' polish —is likely to produce, in a rising generation. 1'ho reply might bo studied with advantago by not a.-few Australian parents, who appear :-'-to desire above all things for their children clean hands, a straight back, and gentility." ■ • • A jibmpitis telegram to tho Sau Francisco papers,; dated July 22, re lates that- the packet Ida Darragh' reports that tho previous Saturday at Burnett's Landing; 40 miles abovo the mouth of the Arkansas Rivor, a mob' of several hundred on tho bank Sred into the steamer, fatally wounding Alfred Werver, boss of a gang of con victs. A young machinist in tho neigh bourhood of Red Fork was indobted to a Mrs.'Kinij, his landlady, n few dol. lars for board, and, preparing to leave, promised to forward the money ; but the landlady caused his arrest, and the magistrate sentenced him to work in the Geld along with convicls for at tempt to defraud. Tho machinist not working satisfactory, Werner caused three negro convicts to whip the machinist, from the effects of which lie died. The Sheriff of Desha, county arrested Werner and three convicts, and was taking* thorn to Arkansas City, when the mob attacked the steamer. One negro convict jumped into the river, and was brained while swimmiug ashore. Tho mob fired mauy shots and endangered the lives of passengers; The Sheriff, with the wounded Werner and the remaining convicts, escaped by transfer to another steamer. • AVkiti.ng on thc debate relative to extend-'; ing the franchise to .women; the PailMall', Gazette observes : — "The.usual eloquent pictures were drawn of the - purity of the home, the beauty of the female character, the sacrerl duties of the wife and the inother. Words, words, words. Just asif you could metamorphose Immau nature by a . vote $ as if the family and mateniai v instinct were so light and superficial an aftair that-it would vanish from the female breast before the overwhelming delights of the cauvassing hook and the polling-booth. Men arc not always thinking of politics simply because they have political-power. Most men think of politics very little, and a great many men do not think about them at all. It would be the same with women. Why should they sink all their other duties for the sake of active polities, any more thun men . do ? Of course, nothing of the kind would happen. The vote, and the political curiosity 'which: its possession would arouse, .would.paly he an interest the more in lives ; that would be all the better, worth living for . the addition, of responsible interests. Not only would the lives of women • them i solves he better worth living, but, in at least i an equal degree, so too would the lives of the i men who are their companions, and to whom i they are in,a thousaud respects the most i potcut of all surrounding forces. The truth i is.that half of this idealisation of ' woman's life*.is flat hypocrisy. The chief opponents of the proposed reform conceal under their fine words a very hearty contempt for women. •It is they who think no term so contemptu ous as 'womanish', who talk of the proposal as the device of 'womanish men,' though that is hardly the name tliat wo should tliink fit for a good many hundreds of its supporters, from Jeremy Rentham down to Lord Beacons ficldand Ml*. Henley." ' Ox the subject of Mr. W. Redmond's election for NVexford, the SL JamcS-i .Gazette -writes t-rVThe defeat of a Liberal by a Nationalist at au Irish borough election has become too common an incident in the process of the pacification of Ireland to call for any remark. The only thing which' dis tinguishes tlio triumph of Mr. Redmond over the O'Conor Don from similar achieve ments of the I'arnellite party, boyond the somewhat exaggerated form which was taken by the attendant Irish riot, is that occasion was given to Mr. Ilealy to call this a com bination of Whigs and Tories. That the loyal and respectable portion of the electors should for once havo combined against the representative of sedition is so far a matter of congratulation aB that it seems to reveal the budding of a new feeling in Ireland which may by-an»by yield good fruit. The power of Liberalism alone to withstand Par ncllism has been over and over again proved •to be wholly dead. Wo cannot, however, but regard it as unfortunate that Wexford should have been chosen for the experiment of a combination between Liberals and Con servatives. The borough is one of the most purely national and disaffected in Ireland ; and the Conservative vote, loaded as it was with the Gladstone interest and a Gladstone candidate, could never have had the ghost of a chance against the Nationalist/' A mutiny on board the barque Remon strant is reported by the Emu Bay corre spondent of the Launcenton Examiner, who writes on August 29:—"—"A somewhat startling occurrcncc lias taken place on board the fiuo barque Remonstrant, which recently arrived here with a cargo of ruilway iron from Newport, Wales, for the V.D.L. Com*, pany. At midnight yesterday seven of tho crew of the vessel scoured the midshipman on the watch, fastened him under the fore castle hatch, and then absconded, the cir cumstances showing the plot to have been carefully arranged. Tho mutineers took with them one of the ship's boats, which was afterwards discovered fastened to the shore near Emu River to-day. Mr. Hugh Lynch, one of the Y.1XL. Company's line inspectors, telephoned from Hampshire-hills that the men were seen passing through there toward* Mount IMscholi'. Upon this information coming to hand, Constables O'Halloran and Paiee immediately started in pursuit, overtook the deserters, and arrested four of their number." Thk following items of English crickctiug intelligence are from the Enropvxui Mail:— "Pilling, the wicket-keeper, who is still suffering from the sunstroke received in Australia, will not be able, unless a most re markable improvement takes places, to play again this season. Mr. (>. 15. Studd has quickly given proof that his Australian tour has not robbed him of his batting powers, his 74 against Notts being proof positive in that direction. The statement to tho effect that the Hon. Ivo Bligh had suflertul a relapse fortunately was ill-founded, and the famous man of Kent has already done good work for his shire. 