ENTERTAINMENTS. ACADEMY OF MUSIC. A change was mads at this popular place of amusement last evening, when the great tragedy of "Hamlet" was played being the first Shakspearian production of this season. • The T diidteace waSa largoone,.showing that “‘ShikßpBareVl' r -playa/':V ; produced' l byl \- good '' olbround' -company, ’■ of '’'whose' ? menti» the-^public l have -knowledge! can"be speculation frotn a manager's, point o! vieftv/ r Tbo piece was well plaeed upon the stage/ the‘scenery and other effects' being' generally good; the first time in Ballarat undertook-the rOUs of Hamlet, 1 succeeded in thoroughly-pleasing the audience,' atliiug that - fewnctoM- who have 1 attempted l to play Hamlet in the past have been successful ■ in doing. : At the end of almost every act be was! successful in obtaining a-recall, and'his reception. throughout was 1 generally flittering. There is one"thing. which : stands; very prbmi-' nently forward in. connection with Mr Hollo* way V Hamlet, as in other characters of leaser not?, that be undertakes, and that is the .‘amount of study which has evidently been bestowed upon its- preparation. This, of itself, ’is a. great element of success; *An audience will soon tire of ah actor that makes a partial study of any character. Faults 'are to be found with almost every gentleman' .who undertakes the'part of the 'melancholy Dan°, and Mr Holloway is not exempt. Still,, the character was very successfully assumed,' and played from fiist to' last In a most even and ' painstaking ; manner.- 7 He was ■perhaps most,.effective in the closet scene with the Queen'; aud -tbe graveyard scene;; whilst the various soliloquies were delivered with a‘ .great amount of clearness/ and elocution.' Briefly Mr HollowayV conception of Hamlet may. be summed up as good, and he sue* ceeded in the very difficult task of. satisfying the groat proportion of bis audience, a matter which few actors who have played Hamlet' in Ballarat have succeeded: in 'doing,' much /as they would like 'so to do. In the character of Ophelia Miss Essie Jenyiis had abundant scope for a display of the abilities, that judging from tho past, she possesses. For one so young she assumes the part with .considerable confidence, and played it last night with an amount of tenderness and grace that quite won upon thehudienc*.' She was really good in the mad scone, 'and also in many of those previous to that most piteous picture,’and was thoroughly deserving of the warm 1 and flittering reception accorded her. The Queen Gertrude of Miss Carry George was a stately and. acceptable psrformance, the character, as might be expected, being Assumed with dignity, Claudius, King of Danmark, in Mr H. A. Douglas 1 hands, was a rather weak performance, Mr Jewett’s Ghost was de> cidedly very peculiar, and the audience was apparently of the opinion ' that there existed much room for improvement here. Mr Oily . Deeting os Polonius and the first gravedigger, said what' he had to well, and formed no unimportant factor in the play. Mr Appleton's Laertes, whilst being quiet and was not quite equal , to what was expected from that'gentleman.' Horatio and' Rosencrantz bad fair representatives in Messrs Neil O’Brien and J. W. Tyrrell.' The other characters were all well taken, the remainder of. the cast being as follows;—Guildenstern, .Mr J.‘ A. ‘ Patterson; Marcellußi, Mr'E. R. Neville; Bernado, Mr Bartlett; Francisco, Mr Alfred Rolfe; Second Gravedigger, Mr Paterson, .First Actor, Mr Hugh Power; Second Actor, Mr Marshall; Miss Ada 'Lawrence; Priest, Mr. Lerry; Osric, Misi Fanny Rogers; Actress, Miss Nelly. Edwards; Pages, Misses Lawrie nod Clayton; Ladles in Waiting,) Misses Herbert© and. Hill. Hamlet will again he placed bn the stage this* evening, and is. de serving of another good house. On Monday night “ Humanity ” will be played*. 