MR. DOUGLAS ON THE TRANSCONTINENTAL RAILWAY. ADDRESS AT MAR.YBOR.OUG II. [FROM OUR OWN conncsi«o>TDi:xr.l MARYBOROUGH, February 6. The Hon J Douglas, who has been paying us a visit, delivered a lecture in the Town Hall last evening the subject of "The Ti ans continental Railway and the Future Railway Policy for the Colon) " Although given upon short notice there were between McKie and GOO persons present and the address was listened to with great attention Thomson presided. Mr. Douglas, who was well received said when he had under taken to say something on this subject, a subject that was considered of the greatest importance b) even one in the country, he had felt sure that they would be prepared to hear his views, because he was not now, or likely to be connected with any political jim ty in the country. He was here to speak from his heart, irrespective of an) feel ing of friends of his own on the subject the condition of this country was that of a pro giessivocoininunit) He was aware that some people thought that it was as had to go too much ahead as to be boland, but he knew that he could congratulate this community upon the possession of a desire to be fully abreast of the times In the discussion of this great question there was considerable difference of opinion , he was prepared to deal with it in a spirit of honest lively) one There was a matter in connection with the past milway) policy of the country that he first desired to refer to He had observed that Mr Macrossan had made a statement a few days ago at Townsville which he must say had both startled and amused him the Minister for War! is, in his address in that town, had claimed that whilst the present Government had opened 4lb miles, of railways and had now an addition of 250 miles in progress, the previous Administration had only const acted some 150 miles that for ever) mile opened by his predecessors he had opened a',' miles 1 his statement was no doubt internal) cancer, and upon the fulness of the computation Mr Macrossan sought to crow over his pi processor s The impression that would be produced in the country from this statement was, that Mr. Macrossan find initiated carried out, and completed this huge length of railways, and indeed the Minister for Works charged, on the strength of his figures, a laifjCr liberals) for his party than that shown by the party with which he (Mr Douglas) had been connected He objected to this What were the real facts' has com- munity knew how hard they had worked together to obt no Parliaments) sanctum for their portion of these constructions He was glad to know that during the termed the present Administration these 4lb miles had been opened that in 157'), 79 miles, in 1880 15 miles, in 1861, lWi miles and in 1882 'I i miles in all, a total of 466 miles of i nihill), were made available for the public, but it was a fact that, with but very trivial exceptions, these railways were con served by the party with which he had been connected He felt sure he must confess, at Mr Macrossan's statement He by no means castigated that "i nth man's shine in the eau v ing out of this "lent work, yet he claimed on behalf of humor If, and those with whom he had been connected 1, the initiation of these men w is He finds this correction with no desire to (kerosene from Mr Macrossan's in many respects adherent railway constructions A few words might also be said on the present condition of our railways and in viewing this he looked back with satisfaction to the time when, as remescntntno of Maryborough four PIUS ago, he had meditated the policy which Mr M'Hw until had since carried out The Premier's action in borrowing money and in transferring the railway reserve fund had been predicted by him four years ago. He did not join those who condemned Mr M'Ilwraith for his action with respect to the reserve funds On the whole that was necessary) , school) admitted it was the best thing to do. The creation of that fund was intended to meet the circumstances of the time it was imperative to adopt that policy, NO as to im at the v e w s of the Liberal party, and as a system of temporary application it was amply justified. He would now look at our anticipations as to the district There was the fact that we had a wide and scattered country, very sparsely) populated In proportion to our minds as, we had done much in railway construction, but we might do more than ever yet had been done, There were the actual obligations for a system of coast railways, claims were pressed upon us, indicating what our need would be for the next four or five years So large was the work in connection with these coastal lines that the scheme of the Transcontinental must be viewed independent of the coast system The people of this district expected an extension of the railway , it was now conceded that the men who projected the Mary borough and Gympie line were wise in their generation Last session funds was provided for extension Dan nuts Uso came from the Bur nett from Mutiny Bowen, and Port Douglas and other «listnets-these lines must be multi taken It was clear that all moneys borrow ed on LI edit must be devoted to the coast in system The I uni grant system could not be applied on the coast as the land was too valuable It should be our policy to go on with these lines, 111 proportion is money can be obtained Was it not justifiable to expect that from four to five millions would be required to meet the claims on the coast' That was a little scare just now as to borrow ing, but really the a credit of the country was as good now as ever it was We must therefore be prepared to anticipate the carrying out of a large extent of coast lines on borrowed capital, and everything being fan this would be done One could Linda st and some conditions occurring, such as an abnormal labour cost, which might hinder, still, we might of in 1; anticipate the cor lying out of this policy and any party that might be in power would have to face these under takings But now the question mises, Is it desirable to lost satisfied with that' He thought not Possibly he was in advance of the times, but if we could build 1 always without going to the Stock Exchange, why not' Some of his old friends he observed, was saying, "We have done so well, let us keep on the old lines" Had these people duly considered the extent of our tcmtoij-had they an adequate conception of the enormous territory that we possess ' On coast line alone being able to support millions of people Surely we ought to be gaining inform action of the extent of our country The schoolmaster was teaching sins that we had an area of land twelve times the size of England and Wales, 01 six times larger than the United Kingdom of Great Britain This was all more or less good land, it was now proved to be the finest grazing country 111 the world Why not utilise it It could not be done by the present means of communication has necessity of making our grand nita 101 available for settlement was acknowledged by all parties III the construction of three lateral fine , but the question (of use, were these lines to go f earths AVtst, 01 were we to area tam the idea of a great To mscontineiitnl a mile line The thought was not new by any means It had long been talked, about, since the days of Colba and Co., and it was certainly the ambition of our leading statesmen to carry it out. Nature ck are) indicated the great line as the desideratum of the country Coming now to the agreement made by the Government on behalf of the country, this fact must be admitted, that by common consent the direction of the line was a good one. It would be a back bone line. It was marked out in the centre of a great pastoral country, and through country in which few engineering difficulties were presentcd It was our great ambition to possess an 111te1colon1.il tin trunk line, and, whilst there might be differences of opinion as to the manner of its construction both parties were agreed, after all the talking and writing on the subject, that the election chosen would meet all requirements Well, then, are we not ready to enter upon this great ruler taking 'the big country of ours ought to give us big ideas It was big enough to make big men of the whole of us the fact that hundreds of thousands of new colonists might be planted 111 on interior ought to na vc us to a due consciousness of the te sponsibility 1 eating upon us, and arm the people of this country with a determined resolution to give effect to this grand policy He must confess he had watched closely the negotiations that had been going on during the past two years They knew that he was a land grant advocate, for the last twelve years he had been convinced that by this method alone would the v 11st nita 101 of this country be opened up How is son to see that his old friends with whom he had been acting could not see as he did If they had been fortified as he had been during his visit to America with a sense of the great advantages of the land grant system, they would see differently He was son j they had such small nations, jet perhaps they ought not to be be used, as they had not hutt un oppor hunty of pi ac of the acquaintance with the Area ie in system Look at what had been done in the American States 1 There they had a territory intersected by 100,000 miles of 1 nihill) Iliad was 111010 sales of lines in the United States than in the whole of the rest of the world has great resulted been chiefly brought about by the land go but system Take the figures presented! of the liberality of that Government in dona hug land for works of national import tance We find that for 1 now iv 3 1<IS,000,000 of acres had been alienated, 111 addition to which there w ci 0 60,000 000 for common schools, 10 000 000 for universities and grammar schools, and 4,500,000 for L mais In all, 272,500 000 acres of land were pitted with from the national estate for the put pose of providing for great public works He did not pretend to say there had been no jobbery in connection with this system It was only natural to expect this life pic sense of evil in the world made escape from jobbery impossible It was certain that some cases of jouba j had transpired, jet, on the whole, a great good had been effected It must be admitted that the Area is 111 people were no novices They were the most ena getic people on the face of the country and it was not to be supposed that these people allowed themselves to be fooled into making grants, unless they were well satisfied that in so doing they were advancing the interests of the country We must not be misled by these ghost stories Jobbay was unavoid- able Was then 0 not now jobbery 111 can say stan of aliens in" our Go on 11 lands ' Indeed he might venture to say there was nothing in Ainu is equal to the evils of dancing ing which had been cleaned out in Australia These things would exist whilst the evil principle remained in men We did our best to prevent them, as eg a good man tried to check the evil within him Were we to stop our progress because of the evil devices of man We were quite competent as to pi ox ide against these cv us as we were to provide against the evils, for instance, of the South Sea Island labour in article Hutt traffic had to be watched carefully, but they w a c not deter 1 ed from pin suing the ti attic because evils existed Coming now to the area of the blocks which the provisional agreement proposed to give in exchange for therailway, he did not consider them extravagant They must look at the immense advantages the line would confer the great linda taking of the syndicate, and the vast area of the colony. The balsam, he consulted, was infinitely more advantageous than some lately made with the Cumuli 111 Govciniiiait They were all aware that the War case Bill had not been carried out He confessed he w as not surprised at this, though he should have liked to see it adopted as a commencement Probably the Transcontinental scheme would not be gained by the present Parliament, yet so great were the advantages that this would not deter them from pressing its consult lution upon the country Mr Macrossan had said that the terms of the transcontinental line were not so favourable as the Van ego proposed arrangement He differed from him His view was this-the Warrego syndicate by then offer showed a desire to get the railway off their hands as soon as possible that was on undesirable expectation the Transcontinental syndicate, on the other hand, were shewing their bond fide intention to hold the 1 alway and make the best out of it they could He differed from Mr Griffith, who lamented that the rail way would not belong to soften it was constructed that would be a positive adv mine The country should not want to possess it, because for many years it could not be expected to pay itself With the exception of some two or little hues, our railways were, none of them, paying interest on their cost, The country sought that point which was derived from opening up new territory and Humiliating new industries he rejoiced in the prospect the time coming when rail wojH would be built by private enterprise When that have arrived there would be an expansion of construction hitherto unknown It was a no there were certain disadvantages connected with the agreement We had to anticipate the possibility of buying back the line, still be thought we were perfectly safe, and, besides in view of the possibility of despotic control of the line, it was a valuable safe guinea He thought therefore we ought to enter into a fun 111 ning mint with the south coast, with the data munition to give them full play) in working out the great scheme Re faring again to the point of the railway being managed by private enterprise, he would refer them to the Victorian s stout, in which the scramble for places 111 the Railway Depot tmont became a serious embarrassment to succeeding Governments If we could introduce private railways this great trouble would be molded. the objection as to the magnitude of the land grants, and the probable manipulation of those by the syndicate, was a false alarm. It was a popular ' error that the syndicate would, sell their land in large blocks to the owners, of neighbouring runs.. He did not believe this would he done. We now viewed with dread the enormous areas of land held by a few people holdings of one, two, or three million acres in the hands of either single individuals or a banking company, having no residential interest. The whole back country was parcelled out into a few holdings. He hold that the Railway Syndicate would initiate a process of sales of fairly sized runs, by which the present huge run system would be gradually destroyed, and our immense back territory brought again into the hands of the country. He had been twitted by some of the extreme Liberal papers, notably by the Toowoomba Chronicle, with having advocated the alienation of large blocks in the interior. He did not do so ; nor did he advocate the advisability of selling small blocks. He thought that areas of from 5000 to 50,0110 acres should be alienated us the best means of producing freeholders. It would be better to have some thousands of such men, than the few hundreds now in possession of the land. He was not antagonistic to squatting pursuits. Much advantage had been derived from those pioneers, but we must not now be content to perpetuate the system of huge holdings. Mr. Douglas here quoted from an article in the " Sydney University Review," which pointed out as the policy for the management of the vast Australian interior, that there should be created grazing freeholds of 10,000 acres, so as to provide openings for young and enterprising spirits. He was certain that such a company as the Transcontinental Syndicate must secure a large population along the line of railway; and the whole tendency of the American system was to secure a larger settlement than if the railway was in the hands of the Government. He had now, so far, alluded to only a few of the objections made. He seemed to believe that we could not take the necessary steps to prevent cheating. These men composing the syndicate ought to be dealt with as honourable men; men who were willing to come out and help us to open up the country. He had shown his hearers that the position now was not an alternative between land grants and borrowed money. They had seen that the claims along the coast; would give them all they could do by the latter method for the next ten years. He hoped, therefore, the people of this country would elect a Parliament to carry out this great project. Let them not be dominated by any set of men who would attempt to thrust down their throats the idea that the American job bery must of necessity be perpetuated here. If it were necessary to be told of this, by all means they would hear it, and would take due precautions. He had observed that his old friends, Messrs. Griffith and Dickson, had been travelling out west, and ranking discoveries. They had made two great dis- coveries first, that we have a magnificent territory out there; and, secondly, that the squatters, storekeepers, and bullock-drivers in the western country don't require the Transcontinental Railway. He could quite understand that. Had it ever been known that a bullock-driver wanted a railway ? Another objection that amused him very much was made by Mr. Rutledge it Cooktown. The establishment of a new port at Point Parker would destroy the ports on the eastern coast. Why, they ought surely to take exception to the existence of the Gulf of Carpentaria It must be a mistake of Providence that the Gulf and Point Parker exist at all ! Suppose that the whole traffic of the interior went to Point Parker, what harm? If such a trade were created, the whole country would be enriched. One more port would not ruin us. But if it did compete with the other ports, would it not aid in peopling the country, and thus secure the general good ? Other persons thought that our trade might go across the border into New South Wales. By all means let our people go over the border, and the people over the border come to us. Why not trade with them? Then the talk of the tariff being unfavourable for us. We were bound to get our own trade, and and everything to gain by intercommunication. Before the great railway was launched, there would be many difficulties, and many objections to answer, but he hoped and believed that when accomplished there would be a knitting together of the different colonies, and, whilst we need not abandon our own interests, in laying this railway there would be provided a means for the communication of peoples, and the circulation of trade from end to end of this island continent. These were hopes they were justified in entertaining. Objections ought to be fully stated, but they should not be dis- couraged; let them forgot the men whoever they be that attempt this. They must keep steadily in view the great object grasp its greatness ; fight battles- royal over it the cause would be won. It was said there was plenty of time. It was not too soon to take preliminary steps. Great preparations must be made by any company undertaking the work, and ten years would probably elapse before completion. Though we were only a small people, we should not be content to put off this matter. We find the land to give, and plenty of it, and the sooner the better. These times of peace and prosperity might not last. Any your a European war might hinder the progress of the world. Now was the time to make provision for the future, to make good use of our wonderful resources, and equally wonderful credit. The hon. gentleman concluded, amidst much cheering, an animated discourse, which occupied an hour and a-half in delivery. The usual votes of thanks were enthusiast! ally carried. 