POLITIC ALGaOSSIP. , * I By Free Lance. A move is at last being made in the Warrego. The Cbarieyille people are,bring ing out Mr.-IS. Bulltnore, aaold and much respected resident,' who supports the Min isterial programme barriiig thii laud grant system, which is its main feature. The electorate is a big one, and there are two important townships wide apart—one at 6acb end of it, iu fact, and the Thargomindah people want their local man elected in the person of Mr. Donaldson, of Mount Mar garet. The complexion of his po itics is not stated, hut it won't be guarantee railways or division of runs - at ail events western ..runs— tor small.sqnatta^es. It is to be re gretted the interests clush. Eveu Cunua inulla w<iol<l like to have a member all to itself, but will, it is believed, support the Chavleville candidate. The Warrego should either be derided or return two members The Charleville residents have heavily han dicapped themselves through neglectiug to put their names on the roll, aud unless Cunnauuilla supports them rigorously Mr. Donaldson may get iu. . Down Baloune way there is likely to be an interesting tight. Jacob Low means "to try again, and on the Ministerial ticket, while Payne, a publican, means that there shall not be a walk over, aud the latter tnay get re turned if the Ministerial vote be split by G. M. .Kirk,-who is to be requisitioned. Keep Payne out of it and a good race may be got up between Jacob Low and Kirk. Both are good men, particularly Jacob, and his rejec tion by the Balonne' would come in the nature of a surprise. It is said Ebenezer Thorne has bought the Stauthorpe paper, and will run as a candi date for Carnarvon. If the people that way know Ebenezer so well as he is known in Brisbaue he will not stand a ghost of a chance. It does not matter to him on what J ticket he gets in. He will promiseanything to the electors,, but the only fellow he will look after is ".No. I." Pat Devlin would be a better man ia every way. H. M. Nelson is to be' opposed by Patrick Landy, for A'orthern Downs. Nelson won't be there, Landy will, but money must be spent by the successful man on Northern Downs, and neither candidate is given-that way. In Au'"igny there are lively times, and I should not be surprised to see Perkins de feated. Not that he makes a bad represen tative ; by no iueaus, but " hogwash" aud a few other indiscreet expressions have been revived, and they will have the effect on the Germans about similar to disparaging re marks had at the last Logan election when W. H. Walsh was ignominiously defeated. The German does not appreciate fuu of that kind, aud is is as " dense" as a Scotchman when a joke is around. As to the Logan itself M 'Lean will have a tight run to . win, Stevens is pushing him very hard, and will take all the Southport and most of the Ncrang country from theG. T. chieftain. That's bad for the Griffith Min istry, for Peter was expected to develop iuto a tower of strength for the new Government, and having had one taste of office and £1000 a year lie very naturally won't like the ingra titude of the Logans. ° For Warwick Jacob Horwitz is the only oue yet in the field, although I hear of C. II. Chauvel, the prize cattle breeder, as about to be asked to come forward. Why not ask a local man, there are plenty of them auxious and willing, so it is reported, which incident may be taken as an indica tion that they have been prospering duritior the term of the preseut Government- better than ever they did before. Miles and Kates arc out for Darling Downs. One will get ia, and I don't think it will be Kates. There was once a Clark in the House. Wont he come forward a«ain ? Toowooinba has only two candidates in tlie lield yet Gioom and Aland. "Groom will continue to represent this electorate until he has had a trial as a Minister in the Griffith Government. He has so persistently condemned the acts of every Minister for Lands—M'Lean dou'fc count, who was iu office only about a month—during the last twenty years that I should like to see the mess he wi l make of it. Then Toowoomba will reject him, aud not before. There is to be a lively time in Ipswich. Macfarlane and George Bashford are the candidates now in the tield, aud people are looking around for others. Chubb senior has been mentioned for the Ministerial interest, bat he makes no show yet. There will be no walk, over, however. I gather from a contemporary that 317 electors signed the requisition for Bashford, who comes forward on the Liberal ticket. George it is said, " got his portrait and a laudatory sketch of his career inserted in the Sydney Bulletin, and, it is said, has distributed some thousands of the paper containing these ! | through the electorate. To get your phizo'* iuto the Bulletin costs £23, aud as copies of the paper cost £25 per 1000, it is plain that Bashford is paymg f..r the privilege of becoming a candidate. The strangest part of the business is that the Liberals of Ipswich repudiate George, averring that he is a wolf iu sheep's clothing." Mulgrave is going to have a contest. A storekeeper named Walker is ccuiiii* out to oppose the redoubtable Sir Thomas, and some people think the contest will he a tough oue. I dou't believe it will. Bunda berg is bigger than it was at last election and there , is now a strong section of Ministerialists there. It ia not worth while to split the Liberal vote this time bv bringing out the local butcher. M'II wraith ought to be sare as a church down that way Douglas may defeat Brookes for North Brooked alm"st anybody ou-ht to defeat tour candidates for Maryborough, and nobody knows ho-v the election will »/<>. l{ B- hhendan is first favorite, with Kin? or J aimer for second place. Ivinir would not say whether he would support the Mi iistrv now.that they had abandoned their Trans continental policy, but would finally decide when the politics of both parties were definitely put forward. As to our local election, I hear that all the meu who can't travel up aud down the line aie going to vote for Hunter. They hold Lalor and the Government responsible for all evils under the suu almost, but the stoppage of passages up and down the line has clinched the whole affair. Even the contractors have been requested not to give anybody a lift, a[ld there is discontent throughout the land. The Mayor is a -reat admirer of Griflith, and at" the council meeting on Monday tried to raise up political prejudices over the refusal to build a new court house and about the dam. The aldermen were not " or," however, and the climax was reached when Alderman Trwin 6quclched his worship by chucking at his head a bis; flat stone from Bungoworgorai Creek twii-e the size of the council ta")c. Ilia worship collapsed, aud well Ue uujiht. After thai Hatstone feat theeou uciladjourued. I may say more about the Mar.mna election after I U»ve Ue.ml the candidates say some thing for themselves. Mr. Justice Fawcett sirs that the best plea for a in.-wspapei- in a acuon is tliat nf •' Nut Guilty," as mi a pie;iof justification the newspaper pmprietors have to prove the truth of the H'>el and that it i« for th * <<0'id of the public tlvit it should |.ublished. Mr. IWley, Q.C., cordially agreed with him. \V)E understand that after " Response," the v inner of the Turf Club Vlate, had achieved a second win by carrying off the Novel race, overtures were made to the owner for purchase. During the afternoon tije mare was disposed off for one hundred and one guineas. Kesponse, although very successful was not iu her usual form yester day, and the owner will have plenty of op portunities to bring her into a more pronii ucat position before long. - D. D. Gazette. 