CHTPS AND CHOPS. » CBY TOMAHAWK ] We were all pleased to see and hear the Bi«hon on Saturday last, and we,fall in, generally with the remarks he made. They wore wood, kind and wise. We are not. accustomed to hear Bishops, and we had an id.»a they could not talk without a book before them, or a pulnit, ffown on. but that is not, so, so far as Bishop Kenni<»n is concerned. We wish him all success in his work. The Bishop in his remirks on the whole confined himself to or^neral thing",. For a few minutes he spoke of the me'ho-lisfs nnd the church. And because John Wesley was a chu-c^-uan, he clai ned to "have a sort, of right to sneaV to ns Methodises don't, all-.w the « , ri«/ht.'' We hone to see and hear the "Bishop in the shop a tain, but, we concede no right in the matter. Mr. Biokford has just, as much ri<rht to claim the aHenfion rf the church, as the church has to cliim attention of the methodists. The a'l'lress nf \Tr Tti^kford whi'st, not „ ( , (1f b:t.npies«- for the oecWon, ha-1 ;„ f, r,. ,,„ >»«»»»»•' »o «>*» 1 »-he rin? of « t-ir^y metho on-confo -ni' vA^lth-r P,"a s ..p I'-n-a-n '-I'll induce lu>n. -v;i <s'ich a mo-nen'-, on a Bi«- s pl-iff.,:-:) -to "1 iv i'l^o the h old of ''th > ch'iveh " TVe address manifested n«ither unreasonable antipa'hv 1 to the Ktii-eopalians nor a fawnin« lin worship of Billions, and Prayer Boo''. Well done noble ol 1 man W saving just what von kjmvtr the stanch Methodism of this neighborhood would say were it to raise its voice. Yon h-'ve hit the haooy medium hv Bhnkinff hands with Episcopacy in the name of the !\T e thodi*t.s, and saving. " IVTav von have success, Cod bl< 81 the Bishop and aM hi^ fa-nilv, but we are not on your side of the hed^e." Th is generally thought that Mr. Wavland'e wish aboiit the joining together of t.i,r» Wml van and Eniscopalians is just a little prema'u-e People want, to know liow long lie has been of that, opinion. D .os he want the Wesleyans to j in the church or the church to join H lft We.oleyens '( Does Mr. Wavland know that if a Wesleyan Minister seeks t.o be admitted into the ranks of Episcopalian ministers, he must be r«-or<lained ns he himself lias been onlv a few weeks agoT Tt, is not, many months a»o, since Hr. W. believed the ordination of Wesleyans. or even Primitives and Bible Christians to be just as Scriptural and valid for all religious purposes as »re the "orders" of the Church of England. D'>es ho believe so now 1 what, has happened to change his views 1 Wei! might neople hang down their heads when Mr. W. began t,o hope that the other churches were verging towards Episcopacy. And well might that met.hodist say. " I would sooner think we were all verging towards the moon." Can anvbody inform "Tomahawk" what is the meaning of the rite of Confirmation ? Is it a scriptural institution or merely a rite and usage of a church.? .Ve noticed pavtic darly on Sunday night last, that, the Bishop did not in any distinct, way claim scriptural authority for it. The only reference to scripture was the act of the Apostles in laying hands on some of their converts that they might recei ve the Holy Ghost. But this so far as our ideas of confirmation go is against the practice, for experience teaches that the Holy Ghost is not. given at mere laying on of the hands of the Bishop. The poor Methodists are suffering rather severely just, now —what with the " Church" on one hand and the " Army" on the other. Sunday afternoon's ring meeting was a splendid success. Did'nt the churches get it hot and heavy ! A Primitive Methodist local preacher, rather Green, gave out that if so be you want to see the fashions, gay dresses, feathers, flounces, ribbons, rings, and all manner of pride you must go to the churches Now this old man is a dunce of a preacher, and nobody goe3 to hear him, so he sets himself up as an old Soldier. Tomahawk's advice to him is—go to your hi g .rlripel at F-ist Woonta, with iU heavy irv to fill it,; work there as you ought to and get on with the work in your ... .cuiijj inature you go to help others D > this, and you'll have no titue for. grumbling. [We are afraid our correspondent is a little rough this week, we have struck out part of his letter, as it would give needless offence. — iio ] 