THE FIRST PRAYER-BOOK' OF KING EDWARD ? ????VI. A itEPKiNT, in a very commodious form, of the First Prayer book of King Edward VI., under the editorship of the Rev. Henry Baskerville Walton, has appeared since the beginning of the present year, and has brought once more into popular notice that incomparable work. It will be remembered that at one of the numerous Church Congresses held last year, in the old country, a proposal was made by the Hon. C. Wood, President of the Church Union, that leave should be granted to use the Communion Office contained in King Edward's First Prayer-book, instead of, or alternately with, our present service, in places where the minister and the congregation were in favour of its adoption. This proposal was, however, violently opposed by other members of the congress, on the ground that any sanction or approval given to King Edward's first Communion Office would certainly lead to the adop tion, sooner or later of the Romish Mass. This is a matter, of course, admitting of most serious question; and if the testimony of the best authorities on this subject is to be listened to, our present office contains already most, if not all, of the peculiarities objected to in the office of 1549, only not placed so prominently in view as was the case at that early period. Afc present we desire to regard King Edward's First Prayer-book, not from a doctrinal point of view, but simply as a manual of public devotion, and when it is so regarded we do not hesitate to affirm that it is by far the best of the series of English Prayer-books that have been sanctioned by authority since the time of the Reformation. In order to show this superiority the book of 1549 should be compared with its immediate successor, that of 1552, since all the succeeding revisions of our public services have tended towards a restoration of those portions of the first book, which, in the second were indiscriminately effaced. Such a comparison is instituted in the introduction prefixed to the new edition of King Edward's First Book, of which we have lately spoken. This introduction is drawn up by the Rev. Peter Goldsmith Medd, well known as an authority on matters of Ritual, and part author of a Latin translation of our present Prayer book. Before pointing out the differences between the Book of 1549 and 1552, in detail, Mr. Medd desires us to notice that the former of those works was the outcome of many years of study and labour on the part of the best scholars and divines who were then to be found in. England ; and that when their labours terminated in the publication of the First English Prayer-book in 1859, that work was received with acclama tion by the whole realm of England — the Parliament, \- which sanctioned its use, declaring that this ' rite and fashion of Common and Open Prayer and Administration of the ?Sacraments has been, by the aid of the Holy Ghost, with one uniform agreement, concluded by them' — i.e., by the Arch bishop of Canterbury, and certain of the most learned and discreet Bishops and other learned men of this realm. Con trast the regular and long-sustained labour — extending most probably, to little short of ten years — which was deemed necessary for the production of this great work with the petulant haste, and flippant self-sufficiency of the commibtee, who, after an incubation of but a few months, hatched forth the Second Book of King Edward, and procured the order for its use after an interval of hardly more than three years from the publication of its predecessor ! We cannot be sur prised that the Second Act of Uniformity speaks almost in terms of regret of the excellences of the First Book, and acknowledges that the only reason for the publication of the Second was, that ' in the use and exercise of the aforesaid Common Service in the Church, heretofore set forth, divers doubts for the fashion and manner of the ministration of the same had arisen, rather by the curiosity of the minister and mistakers than of any other worbhy cause.' ;=., We are sure that an impartial comparison of the two Prayer-books of King Edward VI. 's reign will show that the \ words above quoted are amply justified, and that it will be ; acknowledged that in too many instances (there are of; course some alterations for the better) the rule by which the Second Committee worked was, ' change wherever change is possible, and do not stop to consider whether change may not be for the worse, and not for the better.' As an instance of this wanton spirit of alteration, mutilation, and destruc tion, we cannot do better than adduce the services for Easter Day, and the following Monday and Tuesday. In the First Book we have, under the heading Easter Day, the follow ing rubric: — ' In the morning afore Matins, the people being assembled in the church, these anthems shall be first solemnly sung or said.' Then follow the words which in our Prayer book are appointed to be distributed for ' Venite' on Easter Day. When the anthems are over, the Priest begins (in the Book of 1549) — ?..; i. Show forth to all the nations the glory of God. Answer. — And among all the people his wondrous works. ' ?:: Let us pray. : O God, who for our redemption didst give Thine only begotten Son to the death of the cross; and by His glorious resurrection hast delivered us from the power of our enemy. Grant us so to die daily ; from sin, that we may evermore live with Him in the joy of His resur rection ; through the same Christ our Lord. Amen. ? It would be, we think, very difficult to give a reason, doctrinal, ritualistic, or prudential, for the suppression of the greater part of this short office, and the transfer of the rest to another part of Morning prayer. Then the First Book provided for two communions to be held on Easter Day. The collect for the first is the same as that now in use, with its corresponding Epistle and Gospel. The second collect is that which we say on the first Sunday nci-~~ *rn ? j ? mi ? tti.~; ? li „ i~. i /~i ? n n mi,,, /^««.,«i Dl iUliBl' .EjllBlt)!'. JHW .EjpiSUfc) IS X U;O1 . V. O ? V. lilt) UrUHjJtU, IOL Mark xvi. 1 — 9. Now, as in these days nothing is more frequent than a two- fold celebration of the Communion on great festivals, what law, human or divine, can be adduced to show the impropriety of using a two-fold form on Easter Day, and so avoiding ' useless repetitions ?' Lastly — whereas in our Prayer-book, and, indeed, since 1552, the Easter collect is appointed for the Monday and Tuesday in Easter week, as well as for the Sunday, variety was sought for by the compilers of the Book of 1549, who prescribe the first of their two Easter collects for use on Monday, but the second for Easter Tuesday. And mark once more, — upon what principle of common sense or expediency was that harmless custom forbidden by the tyrants of 1552? Ah uno disce omnes. Had we time and space we could easily show innumerable instances in which the 'old order' has been made to 'give place to the new,' upon no other ascer tainable grounds than a wanton disregard for the opinions of older and wiser men. But the specimen above given is, we think, amply sufficient to justify all that we have said in depreciation of the Prayer-book of 1552, as compared with, its predecessor. ' W, A. B. 