®l« J5tim>tdtcr. THE HERMIT OF THE ROCK: A Tale of Landlordism in Tipperary. BY MRS. J. SADLIER, AUTHOR Off “NEW LICHTS,” “ BLARES AND ffLANAgANS,” “ WILLIE IiURKE,” “RED HAND Off ULSTER,” ETC. CHAPTER IX. UXCI.B HARRY 1IAS AN ARYKNTUKI' At the Chapel-door in Cashel, on the follow ing Sunday, there was a crowd gathered, after last Mass, discussing, of course, the murder of young Mr. Esmond. There generally is a crowd after Mass, I am forced to confess, at every Church and Chapel-door, discussing all manner of topics, but on the day in question the crowd -was even greater than usual, and there was no diversity in the subjects under discussion. All were chattering away for dear life on the one engrossing theme of the murder—all the more engrossing f^r being horrible, and moreover, mysterious. Many were the wild and strange rumours already afloat in relation to the murder and its pro bable causes, for j eople will have causes for everything, and where they arc none on hand, they will make them to order-. Some would have it that Pierce had an old spite against Master Harry since one day long ago he was out following the hunt as a game- boy, and the young master said or did something to him that was rankling in his mind ever since, till he got the chance of being revenged. Others always knew, they said, that there was something very bad in that Jerry Pierce, whilst others went farther still, ami said, with a sagacious wink, or a shake of the head, that there was “ a bad drop in them Pierces altogether.” This capped the climax, the more so as it was something entirely new, for the Pierces, though poor cottiers from father to son, had always been in good repute with their neigh bours, and this was the first actual blemish on their fair name. Put there are always peo ple ready, on such occasions, “ to help the lame dug over the stile,” as they say in Ire land, which means, in plain English, to speed an ill story on its wa)r, “ When a man's down, down with him,” is the common order of things, and that in more countries than our dear Celtic Ireland. Then1 are lame ilng.i in every country, and charitable people in abundan ;e to “ help them over the stile.” Put to our story. The [ >‘-an himself had spoken for a full hour al'P-r Mass on the awful crime just com mitted in their midst, the disgrace of which fell, he said, on the whole community, until such time, at least, as the murderer was brought to justice. He had warned tin; people against aiding or assisting in concealing him from tin* ollicers of the law, saying that Ins crime was of the most revolting character, without one extenuating circumstance to lessen its onormiiy in the sight; of God or man. He had paid an affectionate tribute to the virtues of the deceased gentleman, and spoke, even with tears, of the loss he was to the whole country l>'.fh as a landlord and a magistrate. “ When young Harry Esmond,'’ said ho, “ was on the l><”ch, the poor man always knew he had a friend that would see justice done, him ; and, as a landlord,” said he, “where will you iind his e.jmd V Which of you, his tenants, ever wool from his office-door with anything hut a blessing on your lips ? Well ! he is gone—tiii.s upright magistrate—tin's kind, easy landlord—this honourable, noble-hearted gentleman, is gone; from amongst us—cut down in tin; pride' of his mar.bood, in the bloom of his youth, like a young tree light ning-blasted, And alas! alas! that I should have to sav it!—cut down by the hand of violence—the red hand of murder! Oh, horrible, most horrible it is to think of, for if people slay their friends and benefactors, what can ho sain in their favour? Nothing, no thing ; tie v close the lips of their friends, and make their name odious to those who know them not. Murder is always abominable in the .sight of God,and on no account justifiable. There are times, however, when people will pretend to make excuses, and soften down the horror of the crime by alleged provocation of one kind or another ; hut here, as you all know, then; is, or can bo, no palliation of a deed which stands out. in tin; calendar of crime as a black and brutal murder. As for the perpet rator of the diced, may God convert him, and bring him to a sense of his wickedness before justice overtakes him, as it surely will, even in this world, if there be a just God in heaven ! And mark well my words ; the man or woman that has act or part in concealing that unhappy man from the officers of justice, will be ac countable for it before God and the laws cf his country ! ” This discourse, as may well be supposed, had made a deep impression on the minds of all, and, in fact, closed every heart against the murderer. And so, as T said before, every tongue was loud in condemnation of the crime, whilst showing cause for its commission. All at once, a little old woman in a red cloak, with the hood drawn over her face, stumped out from the midst of the crowd, and stood on the open green with both hands resting on her stick, regarding the different speakers with a strange expression of scorn on the only part of her face that was visible beneath the hood. After listening a few moments longer, she broke out into a shrill, derisive laugh that immediately drew all eyes to her strange figure, and stranger attitude, and it so happened that the clatter of voices ceased at once, and a hush fell on the so-lately noisy crowd. “Ha! ha! ha!” laughed the hag again, “ much you all know about it!—just as much as the crows that are makin’ game of you up yondher in the trees ! Ugh ! ugh ! ugh ! go home about your business, I advise you, an’ let the poor hoy alone that never done you any harm ! Ugh ! ugh ! ugh ! isn’t it funny to hear people talking of what they know nothing about? But I tell yon again”—and she raised her stick and pointed it at the crowd—“ let Jerry Pierre alone or ye’ll not be thankful to yourselves !” Away she hobbled, leaving her hearers be wildered and confused, for a whisper had run through the crowd while she spoke—“ It’s the fairy-woman of the hill ! Christ between us an’ harm !” A heavy shower of rain could not have dis persed the crowd more quickly than the sound of that woman’s voice, but as they scattered in all directions through the town and the ad joining country, groups might be seen here and there with their heads together, and in low, cautious tones might also he heard as the parting salutation—“ So it’s best take care anyhow, an’ not anger her." In the course of that Sunday afternoon Mr. and Mrs. Esmond of Rose Lodge paid a visit to their widowed niece, with whom Aunt Winifred had been staying ever since the fatal night that had quenched in blood the light of Esmond Hall. Mary ifennossy and Bella Le Poor were also there, to Mrs. Esmond’s greater consolation, for their tender and judicious kindness was halm to her bruised and broken heart. No visitors were as yet admitted, save only the nearest relatives, and the house, late so full of life and anima tion, was gloomy as a funeral vault. The very servants, as they glided around in their deep mourning costume, were grave and stul as mutes at a funeral, and the merry voices of the children were hushed and silent. As for the fair mistress of the mansion, no smile had yet crossed her visage, and but few words escaped her bloodless lips, as she lay from day to day in her high-backed chair, a pale drooping llower, fading slowly away in the sight of the two devoted friends who watched her with more than sistei’s love. As on that iirst dreary night, the presence of Uncle Harry seemed somehow to discompose her, though she evidently strove to hide her disquiet, fearing, doubtless, to give him pain. But her tell-tale features refused to keep the secret, and the old man’s keen eye speedily detected the emotion she vainly sought to repress. Declining .Mrs. Esmond’s faint invi tation to remain for dinner, he rose abruptly, saying to his wife : “ Come, Martha, it will be night before we get home.” He glanced at the timepiece over the mantel. “ Why, how is that, Hen rietta--yonr clock is not going ?” “ No,” said .Mrs. Esmond, with more energy than she had of late manifested ; “it stopped, I suppose, when Harry's heart did, and it shall never <jo ayain—at least, while I am its owner.” “ What! do you mean to say it stopped at that hoar, on that night ?” anil he pointed to the hands. “ My eyes saw it.” “ Great God ! it was about the very moment"—and the old man leaned on the hack of a chair for support, his eyes still fixed on the timepiece. “ You think ho uncle ? ” “ There is not a doubt of it,” said Aunt Martha, her face pale as ashes. “ It was about 8 o’clock when ho left our door, and half an hour would likely have brought him to—to—the fatal spot.” “True!—most true!” murmured Uncle Harry, as if to himself. “ But tell me, uncle,” said Mrs. Esmond, with a spasmodic effort, “ how it happened that it was your horse my poor fellow rode at the time, instead of the roan mare he took from here ? ” “ Oh ! that, my dear, is easily explained,” Uncle Harry carelessly replied. “The roan got lame with him on the way, and when my groom came to examine how it was, he found that a nail in one of the fore-shoes had pierced the hoof, and the animal was in downright pain, so we had to send directly for the blacksmith to take off the shoe, and a hard job it was to get it off. Of course Harry had nothing for it, but to leave her behind, and take one of my horses.” “ Dear me ! ” groaned Aunt Winifred, “it was most unfortunate.” “ What was ? ” said her brother, snap pishly. “ Why, the change of horses, brother! You know there is such a thing as luck after all, and I do think that grey of ours was unlucky to poor Harry! I shall never go out with her again—never—never! But, mercy on us! you needn’t look so cross ; ono would think you meant to bite my nose off ! ” “No danger of that, Winny! ” said her brother maliciously ; “ my chance of getting you off my hands is small enough now with out taking so unnatural a means of spoiling your beauty! Good-bye, llenny, my poor child, try and keep up your heart as well as you can.” “ I will, sir,” was the dreamy, listless answer, as the mourner received and returned Aunt Martha’s kind farewell greeting. As for Miss Esmond, she stiffened herself to the rigidity of a colossal poker, and, not deigning to notice her brother’s parting nod, extended the long fingers of her right hand to her sister-in-law saying as she did so : “Well, Martha, my dear ! though he’s my brother, I must say that you have got the greatest bear of a husband in all Tipperary. You have, indeed ! ” At another time this little manifestation of temper on the part of Aunt Winifred would have given much amusement, but there was none to notice it then, and in grave silence the party separated. The early night was already close at hand, when Mr. Esmond stepped into the gig where his wife was already seated. As he took the reins from Mulligan he placed a half-crown in his hand, which Mulligan acknowledged by a very low bow, and a “ Long life to your honour, an’ safe home, sir ! ” Then, lowering his voice, he added—“ I’d make the bay step out, your honour, if 1 was you—there do be ghosts an’ things abroad after dusk, an’ you’ve a lonesome bit of a road before you ! Safe home, sir! ” he said aloud, and making a sign to Mr. Esmond to say nothing, he hurried off to open the gates, then bowed again as the gig rolled out on the high road,, and distinctly uttered the words—“ Take care ! ! ” “What did Mulligan say, my dear?” asked Mrs. Esmond, when they were fairly started. “ Ho said to-morrow would be a fine day ! ” replied her husband, with characteristic gruff ness, as he leaned forward to apply the whip to the shining flanks of Ids horse, though the animal needed no such hint to make haste home. Mrs. Esmond made no further attempt at conversation, and the ill-matched pair were whirled along for a mile and better through the chilly air of the winter evening, without again exchanging words. Both were wrapt apparently in their own thoughts, and gloomy thoughts they were, too, for neither could forget that about the same hour less than a week ago, one near and dear to them left his home in happy unconsciousness that he was to see it never more. As the evening shades fell colder and darker on the wintry landscape, the sense of loneliness began to press on the stout heart of Mr. Esmond, and he was glad to break the silence that he now felt oppressive. IIo addressed some trifling observation to his wife, but had not yet received an answer when the horse, shying at some object on the road-side, pricked up his ears, tossed his bead,, and began to prance in a backward direction that was anything but safe, seeing, that a gravel pit full of yellow muddy water, bounded the road at that particular spot. Mrs. Esmond’s scream of terror frightened the animal still more. Back—back he went, notwithstanding the efforts of the strong arm that was urging him forward. Back, back he reared, till the wheels of the gig were within a foot of the water edge. Mrs. Esmond, crying, “ Holy .Mary! Mother of (tod! pray for us !” was about to throw herself out of the gig, at all hazards, when a tall man appeared at the. horse’s head, laid hold of: the bridle, and with one. jerk, and a soothing “Wo ! wo !” drew the frightened animal out on the road, the gig lumbering heavily at. his heels. The fervent thanksgiving that escaped from Mrs. Esmond’s ashy lips was for once echoed by her husband with a hearty acknow ledgment. of the. limely assistance that had saved them both from an awful death. “ You have saved our lives this night,” said hr. “ Cndlirr (!od, sir, undher Bod,” put in the tall man, stooping to pick up a hag he had thrown from his shoulder. “(111! of enurse--of course—t hat’s under stood. But who and what an' you V tell me that before you go, for if l live I’ll reward you well.” “ I’m not goin’ yit,” was the answer ; “ I’ll walk a little ways farther with you, for fear the beast, might, shy again, or something.” “ l»ut who arc you V what is your name V” Well ! my name isn’t worth your honour's knowin’, but I’m the poor man that asked charity from you there hack o’ the hill, an’ didn't, get it.” “ My (bid !” murmured Mrs. Esmond in an audible whisper, and she pressed close to her husband aslbe tall beggar-man appeared at her side of the vehicle. “Bon’t. be. afeard, ma'am!” said be, in a voice, (hat sounded as if it came from a barrel. “ any company’s better than none, sometimes ! —especially on a lonesome road of a dark night.” Mrs. Esmond said no more, and the sturdy beggarnian trudged along, stall in hand, by her side, keeping pace with the horse even at a brisk trot. The few belated stragglers who passed along one. way or the other, exchang ing a brief salutation with the sel I-appointed guide, passed cheerily mi, most of them wdialling solin' lively air. as it to counteract the sombre influence of the hour. (to nr: continitkii.j 