OurHoihdy iiewoust Wa.; "X-- :.-.· ~- :." .--4- =---- nlr,1 tcG at- Mount Victeriat36,oo feet above the ;ea level-' The first' iring is the bath, which tastes frosty and sends-athrill through !the eins as if a sudden dip into polar seas had beer indulged in. .Then we have-time to scan ,the ienery, which to our dismay is covered up in a mantle of mist ithirli.8'rents uiis r' seeing dtJ.e ther side of theiroadt-"l 'V'riieetaitbreak fastiburothcr.,Yictorian, tourists, and over the, cheeiful fire in the bieak'iast roomduus. the. o, and ishal. sitlvU e dip, - :ice tls9eciespf. the hour There is itIounitLltblingtop closeat hand,butseiled in ,vacor for rthepresent: . A some miles disance are the woondiroas1 fla (rts, scarcr ylessssoaderfrlt tan the eels taCnstgd,.,esItof, Elephants ; muchtless knowni hre a;st e .gid;lt without -?ay| penep4;ate oe milr. intotire intersetmof ofth sanirarm, and see eopcatheaJea *fteandohsr,of'?sturies ,t cn'fhb8oi;;esti sy?rk ree?ats itsbe'tteti of tactttelamiite) 'tlatgmtte pilars, aislesandhor nnim eteged tit couIntlessuniiibgirtand iribn~rniniiabl mant ficen'cein eindless;ser5; ·I?' IJ?!?nna u ,yelbath exploredLthe hleptlIs orilegths of,thespcavens, in the interiorqns;astrea fuiin al that the I ,etsang..,t r i .rWhere Alph th'e: sacrdl river raen! a }Through caverns, measurelessby;hni ii'- t b DoXwni to a"siif lfss"sca? :?i =--w linger, over eour coffee,t thegenial host ssures, us there willbe fine'weather ii an, hour orwo, ,and brings to tlte dood ris c6diirfor able caall into'ewhich we.pak ,ourselves,. en roily or. Gs vet: s Leap, une;of 5thclnatural. wondecqof the locality.. , I:.. . Il ouTr igno?dnce we had laughed the p~ev ious day,.when ouri;Ameriani parther; with .a fohd yememli-mrice oFhis:bleak -NoviaScotian', mbuntain air;ihsisted 'upon carrying :vithl him,i .fromn the swelteringheat of:Sydney his heavy overcoat,;but nosm we gave him ; creditlfor;-his foresight; for, the atmosphere was chilly.enough,, and damp enough as well, to bear out the Scottish saying thatir 'A Scotch mist'; wets: an Englishman to the skin.:.;! ~ .I ; ,, \- Tlhefeiv hbisessie passert loomled like ghosts or shaddo\isthe topiof the tfees' ssere invisible air, sitiil? each' braickeni knd leaflet "kepped' it?s:ih 'dri-i?" '' de ""r!'an showered `it:down plent:ously' ipo" ' isf ? as we'drove alodna5'At itimes our'fi Jehi;dfdi not driie' furioudsly,. but; stopped his prancing steeds ahd' alloed uis 'to' get oitthiii tdok'ivhere, closetbo the hriddifirst on oiesid'aiid'thch:oi. th thdother; we :c'uld in a fev7ards reachi th& edge of atsen of' cloid fillin* :ipt'lsfih'i nflf6ues"ialley thaelij of wLich n'e itn od lon"~'here 'silngle leap-would ati'e takenh us over tie gddypomiiif into the uii:. seen asi'dfinkn6ivit'beyondi " '^'?- h,...'' s \tti a swee tscent of cigars and the to'i" homely pipe,,,le,w at ,length drive througllan ivenuhe of, n-iatural foiest, richwvith gleaming foweisc" fereis ?nd shrub Spr'ngingii?up 'through':tihe cleariiig of ith'reIoadere scores . of plants ?thich"i iou'ild be deem edort'ih-temts 'in the gieenhiouse of a' noblemain'ait hbme: 'The itt -ivaselearinig when ye polled, ip ata wood shanty; erected on 'tl;e 'visit or the, Duke :'of itdinburgh to this spot, andonosy utiln edIby less titled isttoriS ;, ,, ,... : A few stepse,and ,we reach. the margin, of what hppears a slioreless seas of misti, nd peer into :itwiths visionjall:,,to dim, to:explore. iftTength or depth or, breadth.:" Ar mysterious sense of- grandeur fills ouconls, e se seeioth ing, save the white clouds rolling in grandl battalionstbeneathour feet;..yet .wecan-'hear, faintly nad f-ar:beneath,tthe hun of,:-waterfa-lls, the moan of sweeping:trees, and feel, far beyond. all that tongue can tell,the prisencrbefore usof the ast-- the,.wonderful-tthg grand .}i-ltun seen mighty, majesty! of lgture, :,ll the more, ulysterious because veiled from sour sight...r :: I The wattcher id'the templ!eof;Isis,far inathe depths of the pyramids; in the blacknes sf the. darkness saw some faint streaks and gleams of tight, rI''selyi-noi'ow 'loit', which ronly'iave stightest' glimps?es'of the:glo}i behid 'the' veil.i We,i in'!"full' idayliglit siththe 'gldowinrg :suri ppuring its'rasr'nbove sir, stood 6n the edge'bf ani bj-yhintowihlch its-rayhs could! hut- slowly if'traieila eeth?ihi s Vianovtig` watvigTsirging ocean[ of -apbl* 'hich' for a'mdm-intjopiened likel a( ifcroll' and ' el"a" a glimipse of a'totler asorldljafsp iently fr benliath-?iso far .'that ' tall witliid iwas lnspifed'into' n6thingness before us... IAndithe 'instiiant%'6nii tt;?i'thoi ollii'g cliuds hai?'so ?iied sii the'leece ,gaiis'aif hid the vieivsin'shiftin vpors7':"rAr'dn '.like, some vast chrtaint it' i??ttoiriiaside 'andagictlehasi w'all stas mianlfestd, down whichdthe sight but teavelledsltunty, otrgelfdrrlfrfcleekedwtitti colouis;'ridiiantl briglt'hiies' thwall faie - ite depth h~lnig besrid vithl'"crcedis, feiir and' istreamer wild that .isril' dvith'evry~s biith;6f wind. 'Doivi"frontdia 'liporit- tliherde'rainsiif waterfa11;t 'hose ilver thieail 'siiri: hito thlrois ands then t 'ihetsm p'iafdl,ifaid, fisginged -ith" all ~the'iairinbow' iis, uotir l,.c.:irn' sbriflfif,' -aa meiiient ind etristh-it: i''',iiitdrei"'hn the' :"4 I tI t " '- , ,-' , ' :r' --: ,. cloul w below, through, hiFgl atittc rvals ,down deep ttiacfoliagefpfsome simighty,{r'ees wcre, seen e hoste"iit.sohegind l'rtil - .seemed .io stand!wvth'Edgar. on , thcliff anl d peering, downi coaild:t Sjty,. Stand stil.,;l Hosw fearIa is ie placel annd dizzy'tis. tol cast ones 'eyes belo, .The crows and chohglhs that wing .the whiali;i ,' ibiSi s??ae'is larg? ?ticetlts half-jvay dowv!r.?ltf T >The niisrmnringstream, that on,the unnuimberedirocks chafes idly, can not be: heaid sqi high. .I'll 10ok. no ore ! Lest{my berjin dtorn and t'e deficient sight topples me'do?wn heiidl6og , dt' h lig1t bJrecze'a hses and 16 : the mi?nity cutmiidtofthl im is`:tpr!s?esfolil uft?oni'fold and ;litnssrthe.l3 leewardl'flclif~;: u nrolling.' adh: it l ift andi ecavi1 toquc :viewl the grandest : Tlhe,vs~ itsnlicasirable aby.ssr ,i .", Outrugeois as gasesstern, ditlrly wild.P 1 '"'A vast hailow?resit,il fi ift some Jten milti square ofithis;?the auusmit: of;ilhe mountain ;chat Hall4a ?ddnly..an",doi<,n i eptlh .of. two thoudsad ?feet leain ;; it, ba'ivls'Bf cliff 'ais a'wful esldenc of sli't it ooae hacd Ien?;' F?r down the iehmih the girittrees' lBin grown;, :and tiiighty ferns all nndistinguishblile inritheir: littlene~s from where icwe;stpodn ;And thus the wide'.cxjsonsefopened up and "glesied .under. the morniingslnn till cye si nitnidwere satei with its'! hidjeslyaidtl gra'ndeur arid we iongeds to sedrch itslepthsanl touch the vast be",onid Butt a'l .,in. van, so,.far1aswe ,coild learn no. humdin fot had trd it iverdant gliiles, no a? hadil ring oi:its trees,-on hhid, hd marked its clifswith nahies ot liaring.' Weli c?illd but slstand ant?i lolok?beneaith. andi wondersiat. the sight: I '"A small, steep.track, 'ed: down the cliff perhaps' t?oIndred feetiand.ended on aledge of cock6nii which we h 'ying l do?yn'chuld sede the sheierj dfith binhiih. h Tlierck ov&hailg;:igsnid' 'a stone dropped.ifroml thence' fell;,aboutilifty feef fronm thd foot walM of the gliff;!ll, ' l round ih:sdene swas ?iilar, y.et not "thei ne,.c ndless friet? 'hynl 'ew'ihrilere tlie.s ine unatpronaich 'sble and imninvestgiteli" r'irtod'ei f 1'fdc?'fir BIlod. No descent-intonthe valleylhas been made; but more than one attempt to reach, the pof ly following up the River Groge, fdrined hby th' little streams poured in- from- waterfalls on all sides of the vsast depression=all have failed. The misses ofd geat rocks that bar the moiith to the salley are tunsirmouinitible The depthl to the' bottom of the hollow h'as been: asccrtained to beover too thous'iid'feet: ,, Dry figures only.tellus facts.conveying slight impressions to:the mind, but: the grand viewl itself the vast profound sofar excels all:power of description that nothing less than, the;.sight of itsiwonders can bring to the.soul that ,sense of mortal ,nothingness, and. in i the'esameriew tthe gieatness of creation's God, who made, the world, the sea hnd all the host of heaven, and ,while'humhled into thedlustwe yet feel::within paithit image of, God wqi were created in, which ex??lts in sucht evidences. of. a Father's, power stil lajesty, and, soaring far: above all, these wonders; exclaims--!Lot these are but a small part of, His, whys;,:.who':is lfrom everlasting. Who taketh tip the isles as a: very little-:thing; n?d the mountains before Him are.as the small dust of the.balance.'.'w? ,i .: : :The vst ildeprdsioni lay before tus in shiai like a gigantic horse'shoe, the opening .iito the valley of the Grose Ieing bldcked tli with ld'rgb masses of rock fconnile'ely 'i. ji'saU 'to sur mount, iiiderwhich'the river forces its riiged waIy. t . .. = ",: ":,:: t... ; As mnight.be expected this was the home of the 'echoes.., A sharpiicry wvas, reeatedfiitdt a'ter iiie.froi tide toside till :it dlied a?,a iin 'dllishanc? e dimbered down:to the prob jecting point before ireferred to, 'nd lyin;dqswn peerel qsivci aihd sai far' belo? giaiit fern, tree oily ecognisable 'is ucli at that. 'iimmense d lpth; the lilght green hih of the foliage so diteni t f'rom the darker' colors of the other denizens of the for . .co . ; : We' could not induce our "felbo?urne lawyer riendkto rIsk his life iq scrambling down-th slippei'ysteep, wherea aalsestep would precipii late thestumbler into the abyss. It may have bven .that .he thought. there vwas more danger to' i limbn of the law than to honest men. - ,A l gend of the origin of the' name Govett' Leap sas told is by the? ide.' ito the- effect that' aconvict kntown'as Gbv'ott having made his, escaieand bein'gpursuedi; ratiherithsn return" tot.ca?tvity; gallopetlis hiorse to' the shedr odgi df: the'prerspice antid leiall iit6 the arms of. deathi:' Of thei trui tl of 'thbe 'stry.I can: not.iotioch not lhaing been: there'i t: the tim e, . ", '. :,"' i" , p ? irt " · i rlit ,.[ pink: and yellow b]qssoms; and uniidti, then-' sheltei crow? togI et heTer sof the mobst deliate reiery, some of thei fin'eas hiiiar, dtheir' with, palere'en fronds almost trainprent in their Sniall trickling rills.of erystsl .waterrhatisg cut for themselsei channels in..the ,hare rock,. soil i:!seqlL pool just on thec,dge of the preci luce is nlta with: itadpoles, ':ving 'in happy inconstLousenss;of. the. desth within six inches of. thi litle.woblin g tils.:,.; o h LE couoimus19Jr ,,." 