BBOADBRIM'S NEW YORK LETTER. While the three factions, Tammany Hall, Ir ving Tfn.11, and the County Democracy are fighting to see which one shall- get this im perial city by the throat, our streets and parks, which the thieves of the Tweed ring left in the best possible condition, have become an unsightly ruin. Central Park a few years ago was our pride. Its beautiful avenues and shady nooks were a constant delight to those who frequented it, but it is so no longer. It is now the paradise of tramps and blackmailers, who watch of an evening for ladies and gentlemen enjoying a quiet stroll and suddenly rushing out from their retreats accuse them of all sorts of infamous offenoes, and then by threats of exposure extort money from them as the price of their silence. This would be bad enough, if the thieves and blackmailers were not aided by the police. We have two seta of police in this city — the regular police, governed by the police commission, and the park police, ruled by a park commission. In stead of acting together, and aiding each other in furthering the ends of justioe, they endeavor to outwit and thwart eaoh other, | and throw every obstacle in the way of each other's success. Only last week a gentleman was taking a walk with his wife. While in a lonely place a policeman rushed out of the bushes, and with a violent oath, at the same time flourishing his club, declared that he had caught them and would take them in. The geptleman naturally felt outraged and stood up in defence of his wife, only to be brutally clubbed, dragged to the police station, and thrown into a cell. Next morning when he was taken before a magistrate, and the true inwardness of the affair became known, the gentleman was discharged and the atten tion of the park commission called to the outrage, and we expect to hear in the course of a few weeks that the policeman was per haps over zealous in his duty, and they will politely request him not to do it again. This is but one of the many instances where the publio have been subjected to outrage, and where all satisfaction has been denied. Broadway, onr great thoroughfare, is in a wretched condition. . The pavement which,the Tweed ring laid in 1868 has never been re paired, and it is full of holes and gullies from the Battery to Union Square. The street commissioner has no time to look after it. He is busy looking up die frauds of his sub ordinates, for it now looks as if every public department was honeycombed with fraud. Thefts of the public funds have been going on for years, and nobody but the robbers appear to know anything about it. We have had an overhauling of the city's musty ledger, and it is not pleasant reading for the taxpayers of New York. We are asking ourselves who paid the $50,000 that'Ht took to carry the political heelers to Buffalo and back. They all word clothes in the latest style, nobby hate, and shiney boots; gold chains big enough for an ox cart were by no means rare, and the display of diamonds would have delighted the heart of a Chatham - street or Bowexy Jew, who felt that in the ordinary course of human events they would eventually find their way into his window. They were a hard looking lot. Just such a crowd as you meet at rat pits and dog fights and slugging matches in the prize ring. Looking at the crowd I could not help asking myself, who pays for all this; who paid for the whiskey, champagne, brandy, and cigars that these ruffians consumed ? This is getting to be a serious consideration. Offices are made to pay so that an army of politicial heelers can be maintained. Barry Biglen, the baggage smasher of Castle Garden, makes a larger salary than the President of the United States, and the sheriff of the county of New York receives over $100,000 a year. In one way and another we use up in our city and county government nearly thirty millions of dollars, and in a few years they have piled on us a debt of one hundred millions of dollars. The grand jury has been trying to indict somebody for the frauds, and now we are met with the appaling fact that we have no prison large enough, to hold the criminals if we in dict all the swindlers and thieves in New York. To give you an idea of how things are done, or certainly were done up to a very little while ago, the sheriff framed out for a consideration various departments under his control. Ludlow-street jail was one of the most valuable bonanzas, and was let out, in round numbers, for $25,000 per year. The next question was how to get this money back, for of course it had to be wrung out of the poor wretches who were under control of the deputy-sheriff in charge. De faulters, swindlers awaiting trial, criminals about to be extradited to foreign countries, were all remanded to this jail. The keeper bad a boarding house where board could be obtained at from fifteen to fifty dollars per week. He also had a bar where all sorts of drinks could be procured, and strict watch was kept to see that no contraband whiskey was admitted to the jail. If a prisoner wanted to pass the night outside the prison walls he could do so, no matter what his offence, for $190 to the keeper and $25 to the deputy who accompanied him. In this way a Bank of England forger, who was awaiting extradition, spent over $3,000. Tweed spent a little fortune there, and other well-known criminals have spent quite as much. It has been estimated that under favorable circum stances that Ludlow-street jail was good for $1,000 per week, leaving a clean $25,000profit for the lucky holder of the berth. The ques tion iB how to reform it. I can only think of two ways. Either sink the island or blow it np. Either way has certain difficulties which I cannot at present overcome. If we sink it how can we fill up the hole, and if we blow it up what can we do with the debris. Brooklyn is in a blaze of excitement again t-liia week over another scandal, which has pVinlpwi it to its centre. For many years there has resided there a physician who has with his family enjoyed the highest social considera tion. He has children grown up and daughters married, and a wife who is honored and re spected by all who knew her. The doctor himself is a fine looking man on the shady pi^R of fifty. He was fond of music, and occasionally led in the choir. He was power ful on Moody and Sankey's hymns, he could "Hold the Fort" against a battalion, and his " Ninety-and-Nine" was almost equal to Sankey's. He was heavy at exhortation, and j had a special gift of prayer. But a shadow eame over his home, for his wife noticed that he was taking an undue interest in a young SBint, who was also a pillar of the ohurch. He went off with her to excursions and picnics, and some months ago he went off on a picnic with his little angel and he did not oome back. Last week the heart- broken wife learned that he had married the girl at Roches ter, and was figuring there as a bright and shining member of the church. He has hrought ruin and disgrace on himself, an the girl, and on his family, but this week and the will go to the oouris when we shall be regaled with the history of another ruined home. I could not help remarking the other day, notwithstanding the fact that the big bridge endB in Chatham-street, it is the only street in New York in which there is little or no change, the buildings exaetly as they looked fifty years ago. It is the great artery which connects down town with the tremendous human hives that crowd the east side. The street is narrow aud dirty, and the houses have a decayed sort of air which tells of a former age. The Jew clothier, once so famous, I has only a feeble hold there. He has moved his stock to other and pleasanter pastures. Even the pawnbrokers have fled. Simpson has moved up town, having only a email office at his former stand, and the Harts, once ao famous, have abandoned the business. One brother is dead, and the other owns stocks and bonds estimated at millionsj how many nobody knows. By the way, there is quite a romance about the Harts, the inside history of which has never been written. Bight in the middle of the block on the south side of Chatham street is a vacant lot belonging to the Harts. The fence is covered with, posters and the inside is covered with a pile of ruined moss-grown brick. Over forty years ago there stood on that lot a clothing store, and above it was a lodging house where cheap lodgings were let to passing travellers. One night it was burned to the ground, and several of the sleeping lodgers perished in the flames. Hart got his insurance, but from that day to this he has never built upon the lot. The properly is worth thousands of dollars. Its value many times over has been paid in taxes, yet there it lays year after year, and the owner refuses to build on it himself or lease to those who would. Some say that at midnight, when it is stormy, the ghosts of those who perished in the flames can be seen dancing among the ruins. This may be so, but I have never seen them. The recent deoision of the Court of Appeals in the Western Union oases, allowing them to issue a stock dividend which had been before declared unlawful, has created some constern tion, for it now looks as if Gould had captured the courts as well as the railroads and telegraphs. The weather fortunately is cool, almost wintry, so that, although our mad is up, we do not actually explode. Business is booming, the theaters are crammed nightly, and the performances exceptionally good j stocks still uncertain, and likely to continue so. 