DONALD GRANT.' BY GEORGE MACDONALD. Author of " Alec Forbes," " Malcolm," Ac, Ac. CHAPTER XIII. (Continued.) " WELL," Mr. Graeme said, as he drew near, "I am glad to see you getting on so well together." "How do you know we have been getting on well, Hector?" asked his sister, with something of the contradictory tone which both in jest and earnest is too common between near relations. " Because you have been talking incessantly ever since you met." " But we have been only contradicting each other all the time." I could tell that too by the sound of your voices at my dressing-room window, but I took it for a good sign." " I fear mine was almost the only voice you heard," said Board. It is a fault of mine to talk, and I fear I have learned it in a way that makes it difficult to be cured." t " What way was that V" asked Mr. Graeme. " By having nobody to talk to. I learned it on the hillside with my sheep, and in the meadows with my cattle. At college I thought I was nearly cured of it; but now, in my comparative solitude at the castle, it has come back upon me." " You come here then," said Mr. Graeme, "when you find it getting too much for you. You will find my sister quite equal to the task of your deliverance. Slmilla seditious, as the homoeopaths say." " She has shown no sign of such a power yet, I am sorry to say," remarked Donal, as Miss Graeme, in a somewhat hoydenish yet not ungraceful fashion, made an attempt to box the year of her slanderous brother-a proceed- ing he had anticipated, and so was able to frustrate. " You wait till she knows you better," he said, "and you will find my sister Kate any man's match for volubility." i " Even if I wore," she answered, " I must know something about the thing in hand ; Mr. Grant has been talking so as quite to bewilder me. He has been actually trying to persuade me" " I beg your pardon, Miss Graeme, but I have been trying to persuade you of nothing." "What! not to believe in ghosts and more manly and witchcraft and the evil eye and ghouls and vampires, and I don't know what all of the things we used to hear from nurses and read in old annuals?' . , "I give you my word, Mr. Graeme," answered Donal, laughing, "I have not been persuading your sister of any of these I am certain she could be persuaded to nothing of which I had not first shown her the common sense. What I did dwell upon, and that without a doubt that she would accept it, was the evident fact that writing and printing have done more to bring us into personal relations with the great ones of our race-and that by no figure of speech, but in absolute fact than necromancy could over have done, even granting the magician all the power he claimed. The nearest, I say, that we can come to absolute contact with the being of a man is when we learn from himself the way he thinks about the things he loves best to think about, hearing him, as it were, in his own way, and, without thought of our presence, pour forth his thoughts into the ear of the universe. And in such a position does the book of a great man place us. That was what I meant to convey to your sister. "And," said Mr. Graeme, she is not such a goose as to have failed to understand you, though she has chosen to pretend stupidity." " I am sure," persisted the lady, " Mr. Grant talked so as to make me think he believed in necromancy and all that sort of thing." " That may be," said Donal, " but I did not try to persuade you to believe in it." " Oh, if you are going to hold me to the letter !" said Miss Graeme, colouring a little. It would be impossible to get on with such a man, she thought, who not only preached when you had not the pulpit to protect you from him, but stuck so to his text that there was no amusement to be got out of the business. He was so long-winded I She did not know that if she could have met him on his own ground, and broken the flow of his thoughts with fitting opposition, his answers would have come short and sharp as the flashes of waves on rocks, instead of in the slow roll of the ocean tide "I should think," said Mr. Graeme, "if Mr. Grant believes in such things, he must find himself at home in the terrible old castle up there, every room of which might well be the haunt of some weary ghost." "Excuse me, Mr. Graeme," said Donal "but I think you are wrong in supposing that any work of man's hands, however awful because of crime done in it, he may leave behind him could have an influence on those that come after to make them believe in the marvellous, in the least degree comparable to the still presence of life thinking Nature herself. I never saw an old castle before-at least not to make any close acquaintance with it but there is not a portion of an aspect of the grim old survival up there, interesting as it all is, that moves me at all as the mere thought of a hillside, with the veil of the twilight coming down over it, slow revealing it-for some years are for unveiling as the last step of a state for the descending foot of the Lord." "Surely, Mr. Grant, you do not expect such a personal assent !" said Miss Graeme. " I should not like to say what I do or don't expect," said Donal-and he held his peace, for he saw that this mode of uttering himself was a stumbling-block to his listeners). Then the silence grew so awkward that Mr. Grueiuo felt his good breeding required him to say something from the side of the man who he supposed felt himself at last snubbed by his sister. a " If you are fond of the marvellous, Mr. Grant, he said, "there are a good many old stories about the castle that would interest you. In my childhood I was in the way of hearing not a few, and liked listening to them so much -all the more for certain sensations about the roots of my hair-that it now seems to me strange how entirely they have passed from me. I can remember how I felt, but not the cause of my so feeling. One of them indeed was brought to my mind the other day in town. It is strange how superstition seems to have its ebbs and flows ! A story or legend will go to sleep for a time, and then revive with quite a fresh interest, no one knows why." "Probably," said Donal, "it is when the tale falls upon some fresh Boil suited to its reception. They are now in many counties trying to get together and preserve the remnants of such tales ยก perhaps some wind of such inquiry may have set the old people rousing and searching their memories and the young ones inventing that would account for a good deal, would it not!" " Yes, but not for all, I think. There have been no such inquiries made anywhere near us, so far as I am aware, I was at the Morven Arms last night to meet a tenant, and there the tradesmen were talking over their today about various doings at the castle, and their frightful conson voices, in one case at least. I should have thought it had all been forgotten by this time. The ratio of forgetting increases." " I should like to hear it I" said Donal. "Do tell him. Hector, said Miss Graeme, "and I will watch his hair." "That will yield you no gratification, returned Donal, for it is the hair of those who mock at such things that is in danger of a breach of manners : when their imagination is excited in that direction it affects their nerves more than the belief of the others affects theirs," "Now I have you!" cried Miss Graeme. " What you have just said shows quite plainly that you are a believer in those things." "That is too general a conclusion to come to. You might as well say that because I believe the Bible I believe everything the man in the pulpit says In regard to every utterance we have a right, sometimes a duty, of trying it whether it be of the truth or not. Some tales I should reject with a contempt that would satisfy over Miss Graeme ; of others I might say These scorn as if they might be true: and of still others, ' These ought to be true, I think.' But do tell me the story." " It is not," replied Mr. Graeme, a very peculiar one certainly not peculiar to our castle ; a similar legend belongs to several in Scotland, and, I fancy, in other countries as well. There is one not far from hero, round k [The sole right of publication In Queensland of "Donal Grant" has been purchased by the Brisbane Newspaper Company, Limited whose'dark'basements'- or heavy battlements -who shall < say which floats a similar story. If is of hidden - toora, whose position or entrance nobody. tasks, and connected with which are various vague' and broken rumours." "It is," said Douar, -"a species of report very likely to arise by a king I cryptogamic generation. The common people ". seeing from without the huge proportions of the place, and themselves accustomed to the narrowest dwellings, and perhaps upon occasion admitte.d to a succession of rooms and passages, to these as intricate and confused as a rabbit warren, in which they find it impossible to retrace even a few steps from the door, must be very ready, I should think, to imagine the existence of places within unknown even to the inhabitants themselves of the pile I beg your pardon. Do tell us the story of it?" " Mr. Grant, said Kate, you perplex me. I begin to doubt if you have any principles. One moment you take one side and the next the other !" ; "No, no; I only love my own side too well to let any traitors into its ranks. I would have nothing to do with lies." " Oh, it is all lies together." ' "Then I want to hear this one, said Douai merrily, and Mr. Graeme began. .'" Whether it belongs to this castle by right I cannot tell, but as I have heard it attributed to another I daresay it is widespread and you have heard it before. It is this e, During the earldom of a certain recklessly wicked man, who not only expressed his poor neighbours by robbing them, and even playing them when his wrath was kindled, but actually went so far as to break the Sabbath, and behave as wickedly on that as on any other day of the week, a company was seated late one Saturday night playing cards, and drinking, and talking as such would talk. And all the time Sunday was drawing nearer and nearer, and nobody needed. At length one of them, seeing the hands of the clock at a quarter to 12, made the remark that it was time to stop. He did not mention the sacred day, but all knew what he meant. Thereupon the earl laughed, and told him that, if he was afraid of the kirk session, he might go, and another would take his hand. But the man sat still, and said no more till the clock gave the warning to the hour. Then he spoke again, and said it was almost the Sabbath Day, and they ought not to go on playing. As he said, in his mouth was pulled all on one side. But the cart struck his fist on the table, and swore a great oath that if any man rose he would run him through, i "'What, carp for the Sabbath 1' he said. 'I gave'you'your chance to go," he added, turning to the man who had spoken was dressed in black like a minister mind you would not take it; now you shall sit where you are.'. He glared' fiercely at the man, and the man returned his gaze with an equally fiery stars. And, now the company first began to discover what perhaps through the fumes of the whisky and the smoke of the pine torches they had not observed before, that none of them knew the man ; not one of them all over seen him before. And they looked at him and could not turn their eyes from him, and a cold terror began to creep through their vitals. But the stranger kept his fierce scornful look fixed on the earl, and spoke. 'And I have given you your chance, he said, and you would not take it now you shall sit still where you are, and no Sabbath shall you ever sea' That moment the, clock began to strike, and the man's mouth came straight again. But when the hammer had struck six times, it struck no more, and the clock stopped. This day twelvemonth,' said the man, ' just shall see me again, and once the same time every year till your time in up-and I hope you will enjoy your game!' The earl would have sprung to his feet, but could not, and the man was nowhere to be seen. He had vanished, taking with him both door and windows of the room -not as Samson carried off the gates of Gaza, however, for he left not the least sign of where they had been. And from that day to this no one has been able to find the room and there the wicked earl and his companions to this day sit playing with the same pack of cards and waiting their doom. Some have said that on that same day of the year only', unfortunately, testimony differs as to the day-shouts of drunken laughter may be heard issuing from somewhere in the Castle, but, as to whence they come, none can over agree as to the direction even from which they come. That is the story." " And a very good one too !" said Donul. " I wonder what the ground of it is small enough foundation is wanted for such It must have had its beginning as well as every true story !" "Then you believe it?" said Miss Gracie " of course you do !" "Not quite," he replied. "For one thing a certain experience I have had up there is rather against it." "What you have seen something!" cried Miss Graeme, her big eyes growing bigger, and revealing that she was quite ready to listen to a tale of wonder of her own time. " No, I have seen nothing," answered Donal, " only heard something I cannot account for. -One night, the first I was there indeed, waking up suddenly', I heard the sound of a far-off musical instrument, faint and sweet, but such as nearer might have been a powerful sound." The brother and sister changed looks. Donul went on. " I got up and felt my way down the winding stairs sleep at the bottom of Babul's tower but at the bottom lost myself, and had to sit down and wait for the light. Then I heard it again, but scorned no nearer to it than before, and I have never heard it since. I have never mentioned the thing before, but I presume speaking of it to you can do no harm. You at least will not raise any fresh rumours to injure the respectability of the castle. I cannot discover any instrument in the castle from which such a sound might have proceeded. Lady Arctura is no musician, I am told, and certainly was not likely to be at her piano in the middle of the night, " It is difficult to say how far sound may travel in the stillness of the night, when there are no other sound waves to cross and break it." "That is all very well, Hector," said his sister; "but you know that Mr Grant is neither the first nor the second who has heard that sound-and in the night too." " One thing is pretty clear," said her brother, "it can have nothing to do with the revolvers at their cards. The sounds reported are of a different kind from any that could come from there I" "That," said Donal, is why I said my experience was against the tale But are you sure none of them had a violin with him He might be glad enough to take to one if he had, and the sound might have been that of a ghostly or ghastly violin." " What horrible words you use, Mr. Grant !' said Miss Graeme, with a shudder sufficient to reveal to Donal that it was from no lack of imagination that she insisted on a common place view of things mysterious. "The sound," pursued Donal, though like that of a stringed instrument, was so different from anything I had over heard before except perhaps certain equally inexplicable sounds occasionally heard among the hills-that a word of corio terror seems fittest to use with it." TlniH they went on talking for a while, as up and down the sunny garden they walked, the sun hot above their heads, and the grass cool under their feet. "It is enough," said Miss Graeme, with a laugh a little forced to make one glad that the case does not go with the title" " Why so ?" asked Donal. "Because," she answered, though we are but distantly related to the family, were anything to happen to the boys up there, Hector would come in to the title." " Then you would only have the music to the bargain," said Donal. "I cannot say I am of my sister's mind," said Mr. Graeme. " A tale with nothing to keep it up I should count a simple misfortune.' I certainly should not take out the patent, of what do you call it? No wise man would never lay claim to a title except he had the means to make it respected." " Have we come to that," exclaimed Donal, that even the old titles of the country must be buttressed into respectability by the money alongside of them We away in quiet places reading old history books are accustomed to think differently. What better are they than that of Earl of Arundel would be if a millionaire money lender wore to buy the old keep?" " I believe that is the dangerous condition of that title," said Mr. Graeme, perhaps willing to give the subject the ship only Donal would not let him. "If I were the inheritor of a title," he persisted, " I would, were I as poor as Lazarus, take it and use it, if only to give a lesson to Dires upstairs. I seem to think that honour should wait on the heels of wealth. You may think it is because I am, have been, and always shall be a poor man, but if I know myself it is not so. At the same time it is but a trifle, mad if you had said you would not use it for any other reason than in bondage to Mammon I should have had nothing to say." " For my part," said Miss Greene, "I have no quarrel with riches, except that they do not come my way. I should know how to make good use of them," Donal made no other reply than lay in turning a look of dis mely stupid surprise and pity upon the face of the young woman He knew it was of no use to say anything Argument was so little to the point that, were it absolutely triumphant, Mammon would sit just where he was) before In leading the New Testament leading it, that is, as if the Master actually must something, and that the best thing, equally when he spoke and when he was silent he had marked the great indifference of the Lord as to the ions racing of the understanding when they know the thing itself, then they would understand its relations and its reasons -cert uni) not before If truth belonged to the human soul, then that soul was able to sic l' and know it if it did the truth, it took the Gin the best possible and almost the list necessary, step towards understanding it Miss Graeme c night his look, and must have understood its expression if not the cause of it, for her face became of a more than its) ice!, and the consolation gress a habit It was a half hold it and Board stayed to tea with him and after it stout on the fin of buildings with Mr G Tonic, in tilling such a pi net real knowledge of all that it us going on time that his entertainer soon saw he must be cut him as one whose opinion was worth something, it bethel his faults tun or not And so began an requiring ince which, in the absence of others which might have been more later case on either sale, ripened into an inn dates, and time into a friendship which it as a great comfort to Doing, for, however capable of being done in was the real ty as a) man to finish first in "every human atmospheres He that loseth not his brother w horn lie with him, how shall lit lost God whom he li it is not seen [TO lil COMlMIl D ] 