CBICEBT CKATTEB. BT "BTOIQS." With rae 80 op without any disaster, Scott and . Robertson resumed the defence of the Joiimont pickets on Saturday last, the attackers bring Petberick and Minchln of South Melbourne. The first named bowler soon had Robertson caught by Major for one additional run, and the supporters of the red and white woe sanguine that the succeeding East Kelbourtdtes would each and all receive their" ticket ofleave" before the South'# total of 206 was reached. Trapp and Scott were, however, vapidly «n«jn»iiinp tnu Utopian idea, and put together 90 in Considerably less than an hour. When Scott's 'perquisites were 69 be unfortunately bit on to Major, and retired amidst loud applause. Scarcely a point ; behind Scott's perform sues, as far as excellence I of cricket is concerned, was Trapp'® 39, and he too, strange to say, was disposed of in exactly the same way as his predecessor. Major likewise claimed a third victim from a miss hit in Gordon, who had only put 3 to his credit. Musgrcve, 22, made matters particularly lively during his short stay, and His departure was brought about by a magnificent catch on the part of Freeman. Hie treat of the innings was, however, yet in store- for the spectators— of which unfortunately there were but too few— as when Hastings and Groube were together they defied all tbe efforts of certainly a weak attack to dislodge them, and took out their bats for 61 and 91 respectively. A chance or two can certainly be urged against each, but their batting oo the whole was really excellent At time, tbe board exhibited 5—32—333, thus announcing the defeat of the Southerners by 5 wickets and 127 runs. Of the bowlers, Major proved tbe best of a bad lot, and hie 3 wickets were obtained through extraordinary flukes. Cooper bowled far loo long, and did not give Rosser, who dis placed latent talent in tikis department, a sufficient show. An extraordinary strong team of the M.C.C. entertained the Castiemaine cricketers on Satur day last to such an extent that I dare say every one of the visitors have sufficient acquaintance with nearly every spot of the fielding ground en closed hy the formidable iroD and picket fence in Richmond paddock to be able to recognise it almost anywhere, and at any time, however re mote. Tbe " harmony " commenced by Alex- auder and Barton stepping forth to defend the attack of Dawes end Matthews. £arlv in the game Burton was done with, but Ale'xander's succeeding partner, Percy 31'DoDHeJl, was soon iu Jiis element, and before ho was run out put together 33. Tobin helped Alexander to stud round the numbers at an alarming rate, but just a« Ik (Alexander) was well in Matthews got one past, ami ' Alec n retired for 59. Kelly next as sisted Tobiu, and the pair hod a lively time. After the last-named had put on 70 lie returned one to the bowler, which was retained. A. Lougbnan exhibited a dash of his old form in the compilation of hi 60 ; and Dwkson also helped materially in enabling Kelly to get over the cen tury. McDonnell 18, and sundries 21, together witli Goldsmith 13, were the lesser stars in the firmament, all of uhieh were outshone iu bril liancy by Kvliv V little figutea of 123, oMaioed in fine form, and without a " ghost of a rhauco" being urged against him. The total of 448 was a sticker to the visitors, who opened with Matthews and Co«telIo. Both, however, soou made way for FlyviD and Fick, tbe former of whom played iu pood form for 16, not out, which was just on half of the 38 realised for the loss of two wickets, when timecompdled the umpires to draw the stumps. FoKTCNATiiLY for cricket and cricketers, fatal accident? during the procres- of the game iiro of rare «jcctirrence. It is, however, wr , painful duty to record the death of a promising player named Charles Clay, who was struck by the hall near the region of the heart while batting on Saturday last at Shepparton. The bowicr, I understand, lost his footing and ooC'iuent lo.'uuand over the ball, which " pitched full'' onto poor Clay's chest. The uuh'i lunate affair wa», of course, purely iicci- d-.uu1.. and cu-l a gloom over the whole dis trict. The deceased gentleman was well and fjyi'.urjililv known in connection with the St. Kilda and Hotham Clubs, uud he leaves a large circle of sorrowing friends. 'I be match between Kew C.C. and the Kew Asylum was played ou the Asylum Grouud. The latter being first deputed to bat ran up 100, of which M'BIiclinel got 38 (uot out), H. Tiumhlc 16, W. Trumble 11, and Roberts 10. Tbe Kew players were within 3 runs of their opponents, when, for some unaccountable reasou, the Aeyiumite® not only drew tbe stomps but walked off the ground, having by tbe umpires' decision five minutes to play ana 7 wickets to fall. This, to say tbe least of it, is a very shady manner of saTing defeat. Kew there fore claim tbe match, and were, I imagine, quite justified in doing so. Foot played a fine inuinge for SI, as also did Henty 27 (not out). Power 3 for 9, and Foot 4 for 39, howled well for Kew. Tsa St. Kilda secured a very easy win against the Hotham Club on Saturday last, owing to the excellent bowling of Benjafield, who captured 7 wickets for very few runs. O'Brien 25, and Fulton 11, were the only bats men to make any headway against their opponents, the lot being dismissed for a total of 71 runs. St. Kilda in their turn lost three wickets for 106 runs. Crook played in capital stole for 50, Little 18 (not out), Benjafield 18, W. O'Hanlan 12, also batted well. The match being only arranged for one day left the " Sea- siders" victorious by seven wickets and 35 runs. The Richmond, with 7 wickets down for 205 runs, resumed their innings against Sandridge, end were not dismissed until tbe recistt-r ex hibited 232. R. Fitzgerald 59, Stokes 45, J. Lougbnan 37, A. Bowman, 3(3, doing the lion's share of the run getting. Sandridge in their first trial were disposed of for 66 runs, and hav ing to follow on, were coon sent back to tbe pavilion, lamenting a miserable total of 17 runs, including 7 sundrie. Judging f«oro tile scores of the players, a great " funk " must have e«-t in, as no possible excuse could be made on the 6C0rc of the wicket, as it plAyed splendidly throughout, and tiie weather was all that could be desired. The "yellow and black " thus won the match by 1 innings and 149 runs. Hide's bowling deserves special mention, having delivered 126 balls, 10 maiden, 13 wirkrt«, and 29 ruus; Stokes al-o bowled in good form, and ' banged" 5 for 11 runs. The Fitzroy and WilJiamsfown clubs com menced a two days' match on the gioitnd of tbe forratr. The "fishing villagers," being the first to handle the willow, hy careful batting put together a total of 139, to which A. Grubb con tributed:)! (not out), Jucke 30, M'Alister 20, Lament So, and C. Grubb 13, all batting well for tlirir scores. Fitzroy. when tbe stumps were drawn, hwl Jost 2 wickets for 44 iun$; .Smart played a useful 20 (not out.) Sbee and O'Hara d.vided the bowling honours for Fitzroy. 1 HE return mat- h between the Capulet club team and Northcote for the Armfield Cup was commenced on Saturday. At the present time tbe CapuleU have decidedly the beat of the game. The matches for Messrs. Boyle and Scott's cup oo Saturday were largely attended. The contest between the Capulet® and Queensberry o far is all in favour of the former, the scores beiotr Capulet 68, Queen«berry 40. The South Melbourne Imperial scored 45 against the Vic toria United, who have lost 8 wickets for 3d reus. F. Moblet, the famous truodler of the Hon. Ivo Bligh'e team, it is feared, will be unable to play any more in Australia. He has broken one of bis ribs, and is bring attended to by Dr. Beaney. Moriey'a absence from the ranks of the Englishmen against Australia will, I am sure, be deeply regretted. g, fjtzosmu), who has acquired a great reputation in the ranks of the juniors, and is now associated with the Richmond, is main taining hid name amongst tbe 6emors. Since his connection with the yellow and black be hmf proved a valuable addition, both with tbe bat and ball and in the field. TBEcombiued team.aftera desperate struggle, notched a victory from the Hon. Ivo Bugh and bis colleagues with four wickets to spare. The match was splendidly contested from start to finish, and drew together a tremendous attendance. No match perhaps excited eo much interest as before 10 Australia. Tbe England Eleven, thanks to a grandly played not out innings of 135 by Steel, and a capital 48 by C T. Studd, amassed the good score of tei Tbe best bowling for Australia was done bv Boyfe and Midwinter. The Australians by the aid of Dounor'sS:, which is described as the luckiest inning, oo record, a finely hit 6, hy Blackball!, B»$ W fPluable 2? through Giffeti, put together 363. Hie England team batted cm a bad wicket in their eeoond innings, nevertheless they compiled the fair total of 195. Australia required 197 to win.and had'aepleodid wicket to bat on. A dashing 63 by Bannarman. awrii-pUved58<not«ut) by BUekhara, saved the match'for Australia, end Giffen's 32 was a great help. The -victory of the Australians caused great rejoicing to all lovers of Australian cricket. A final match will be played on the Melbourne ground on 9th March and following days, to decide the supremacy. THE ordinary monthly meeting of the Victorian Association was held last night at Young aud Jackson's Hotel; F. G. Smith, Esq., in ihe chair. Mr. C. fl. Lender, tbe secretaiy of tbe Fmith Australian Association, wrote expreing his regret at the match Victoria v. Adelaide befog fixed to take place on the East Melbourne ground and not oo the M.C.C. ground. The .South Australian match la fixed for '26th March and following days. The Adelaide men will arrive is about a fortnight. Messrs. Scott, Richardson, Budd Donovan, and M'Laughlin were appointed a reception com mittee to receive tins viators. On the motion of Mr. Cooper, tbe earn of ten guineas was voted for a trophy to present to Blackhim for his fine batting in the late Intercolonial match. Palmer and Boyle, for their grand bowling in the same match, are to receive a trophy of the value of five guineas. Cooper likewise for his excellent fielding in. the same match Beta a wmili- prise. A communica tion was reoeived from the Melbourne Club the Association for their patronage in the forthcoming and final International match which was agreed to, the Association, however, regretted that the Victorian match, -which was never permanently arranged, was off, and trusted that the Mel bourne Club would eee their way dear to have a match agalu6t ao eleven of Victoria before the Hon. Ivo Bligh and his comrades leave the colony. It was announced at tbe meeting that no less than five playera who were certain to be chosen In any Victorian team will not play in the International match unless the Victorian match be played next Friday. Mr. Cooper informed the meeting, in answer to a letter signed "Fair Play," which appeared in a contemporary, accusing Blackhem and Palmer with putting on their coats and refusing to play in the feet Intercolonial match, that Palmer did not take his coat off, but Blackhem did. The gentleman who threw oat the chal lenge was not present. 7MB match England v. Victoria is off, and the great International match for supremacy submtuted instead, to be played on the M.C.C. Ground, 9th March and following days. 