Noiv that the .Gommiesibneir ' of Rail ways, Mr. Gillies; is preparing his new Railway Construction Bill, 1 we think it only right to "remind AVocaites and' all persons residing between this township aDd Ararat of the great necessity which exists for goading the memory of Air. Gillies with regard to the Avoca and Ararat Railway. For many years this line has been talked about, and it has also been included in numerous railway measures, yet all has gone to no purpose. As we are aware, Mr. Bent included it iu his ' bill, and, owing to the stand taken by Air. Langdon, one of our re presentatives in -the Assembly, it passed the Lower House, but through a politi cal crisis occurring before the Legisla tive Council gave its sanction to it, the whole bill was not worth the paper on which it was written. Of course we hear people say " that it is ;the intention of Air. Gillies to almost bring in the" same lines as where agreed to laist ses sion, but, on the other hand, statements of this 'kind must not be relied ifpon, for the Minister may "commence the whole proceedings rioyo, when probably Avoca would be discovered to be left out in thecbld, without anything to cheer it. Thus it will be shen that action, which should be taken at once, "is" abso lutely indispensable ; we must ' not trust to a rotten' stick ; if we do, it is easy to guess the consequences. Opportunities for benefiting'" not 'only ourselves) but people on the Western railways,' should be grasped, ' and held firmly until that which1 we require is conceded. Evhi'y- body has been fightitig. for this line for a long time past; which has notbeen done from a selfish motive, but from a desire to do good to hundreds of the "popula tion on both sides of the colony. If this line be constructed, "there will be a con necting -link between" Sandhurst and Echuca, on"the',one hahd, and Hamil ton, " Portland, Ballariit and Horsham and the whole of the WjuiDiQra district on the other hand. Thus it must be very - obvious that lew 'districts- havh' greater claims than those which we can adduce in favour of that which we want. Certainly there are other parts of the colony that need railways more 'than we do, but it is questionable that if they were constructed in '-those portions of the colony, " if they would prove so re munerative as the Avoca- and Ararat line. It is asserted that railways are merely"' " commercial speculations." Well, if so, Tails should only be laid down where a good -hmount of com pensation will be returned to . the Go vernment for the oullay. We do not al together believe in 'deputationising Ali- nisters upon every little-"1 ocal grievance that may exist, for we have representa tives who should attend to ourA wants. Butw'e maintain that the subject under discussion is of such vital importance as to warrant1 another influential deputa tion interviewing Air Gillies, without delay, andputting the wRole matter be fore him. : Other districts are doing the same thing, and' we1 should be alive to our own necessities, Temembering that unless we push forward the interests which concern us, nobody will be found generous enough to come and volunteer their services. Mr. Gillies" hoped to see this line made when last in- "power— during the short-lived Service Ministry ia 1880, but this fact is not 'sufficient to justii'y us in vesting upon our oars. For if we do not manifest feeling 'in.- the affair, the Commissioner is naturally boucd to draw the inference that we are not over- anxious that the Avoca ; to Ararat line should be included in his measure. We are conversant with what procrastination has done; for us in days gono by. ' It was through it, combined with the laxity displayed by Mr Grant, that Avoca was not made the starting point for St. Arnaud, therefore past ex perience teaches us to be up and doing. The support which has been accorded the railway by people 'living betwixt here and Ararat .will undoubtedly be U'. - u- - given again, and with as much fervour .as heretofore. It is to be hoped that this l.ine will not only- he considered and placed in the next railway bill, but that before long, in order to recompense all' thpse persons who have evincedA"any interest in the construction of -it; it will' be un fait accompli. " ' 1 " > ; We are sure that' the 'news contained in; our jast "issue relative to the good yield of-- (.gold obtained by the No I Golden Stream: -tributers was heralded hv Avonaitfis- with much satisfaction and pleasure. , A short time since we heard' that "these1 tributers had bottomed, and "that from; a trial' dish they had got an encouraging ; prospect. They commenced to wash; their first machine of dirt, eight loads, i "early in the previous week, 'but, owing i to 'stoppages, the' task was" 'not cbui-; plated uhtil Wednesday last, When 'the! cheering Teturn' of 17oz. :18dwts; yras; procured. The precious metal' is of 'the .usual kind, very coarse, that has" been 'extracted frOm' this lead.'" When ""we mention that the' hbove 17oz. 6f 'g'oldv is ; . iVio' iocn It n t o' 1roor /Iq'tto onfiiol IqIvatjh , UUU wuuiit VA. Awr uujvj iwwuui j it vyill appear gratifying. But this is hot, I all"; for" there seems to' be a' great deal oft prosperity for us looming rh the future, i and Sudh' as ahbvild' make" us :a's a towrt- ; ship rejoice."' It 'is asserted ' that the next washing will'.turn out to be richer than its predecessor. ' This is one more jinstance. of 1 the good quality of 'the ground in' the IJ'ew 'Holland paddock,, from which hundreds of ounces of gold were 'takeli 'in the 'olden- days. The? miners employed at the" ether three tri butes have not yet bottomed, but it is . not thought that these tributes will be so lucrative as' No. 1." Whilst' upon this subject, we may, withoiit digression, " al- liide to other - mines which portbhd to give 'something that will pay shafe-;' iholdefa for their trouble and' anxiety 'in working them. 'For "months past! changes of a palpable character have . been in course of" being effected at the Golden Stream ; powerful plun gers ' in order to cope with the quantity of water in the shaft have been put down, and puddling' machines have been erected. Driving "was1 finished some, weeks- since, and at present the inen ai'b engaged in cutting a jump-up to where" the gold is expected to be dis covered/ The idea' is'- entertained that in a' short' period the Golden Stream will be ranked amohgst the claims that are paying well. ' To 'shoyv that Specu lative' persons have faith in it, 'we need only state' "that ahares "are not' obtain able at "30s/' - This fact alone is re-assur ing in the extreme,' and should un doubtedly have a tendency to make us feel that-ere long a reversion to the good old days, butcertainly orfa smaller scdle, so far as Avoca is concerned, is about to occur." Then hopeful' accounts have of late been received in reference to the Vale's Reef."" The milling manager re ports that a wide reef has been struck, which he thinks is the forerunner to pay able' quartz being come upon. The 'shares' in the Reef have, within the past fortnight, risen to double the value at which they were quoted for the previous month or two. Taking all things into consideration, we imagine that a turn in the tide of Avoca is about to 'happen, and we say that in forming this opinion we are "sanguine of r.its fulfilment), for nobody could Well' form a "'contrary view after thestimulating things which have recently been" iheutioned with re gard td" the district mines. However, it' is wished that the mining' revival, upon which we are apparently verging, will take place before another quarter of the year has' passed by! The township of Avoca is noted for its honesty, hs no robbery of any moment has been committed for some time, but a mean and petty -theft, which was perpetrated on Sunday evening last, has reached our ears. Itf- appears thafc-a well-known resident has for' the past week or two been engaged in getting in his'1 winter stock of wood, and which task he finished on Saturday, when he congratulated himself upon his ' fine jutack that would be sufficient to go through' ;the wet months. But, however, it was hot allowed to remain so evenly for a great period, for on the night mentioned all the inmates, with the exception 'of one who was unwell and had retired :to rest, s of the house had gone to church, and whilst they were absent at their weekly -devotions, some paltry persons broke several'of the palings off the .fence- aud helped -themselves1 very bountifully to the wood. We 'believe ' the matter lias been put into the hands of the police. This step has not been taken in consequence of" the value pf' the article stolen; but in-order to put down such out rageous meanu'ess. .: - Another chauge in the weather has been experienced within" t-lle "last few days: "On Sunday'-nighfe heavy rain, which continued almost-incessantly the 'whole - of yesterday, commenced' to fall- This morning broke fine. ' ' - On Sunday last a petition against opening the Melbourne - Library and- Museum on Sunday was numerously signed after each service at- the loc'al. Wesleyan Cburcli. ' From advertisement elsewhere it will be seen that Friday, 1st June, is the- last day for the issue of electors' rights. 5 V On Monday next Mr J. F-. Paten will submit to public auction at the1" railway station, Avoca, 28,700 feet of 6 x half-mch sawn timber, the lengths of "'which are 12, 14, 13 and 18 feet." ' :- v Tenders will shortly be invited for the purchase of the lease;' goodwill, furniture, horses, buggies, goods, chattels, -and stock- in-trade, 'of the Bull and - Mouth Hotel, Maryborough. « - V; -. At-the local police court yesterday Mr. Cai'r, P.AlV, xagain alluded to the granting of the license of1 an hotel at Homebush to John Anthony.- His Worship stated that the reports in the local press made it appear that he was- very severe upon the police in the matter for not 'furnishing the necessary information to Mr. Akehurst, P.M., who was relieving him; but -he had no'-intoutiou of chastising Sergeant Shanklin, who had made an omission in this iustance. He then dwelt upon the fact that no magistrate should combine the work of' a constable with his judicial duties, that is, if he wished to be held in respect by the public/ Mr. Carr hoped that the press would take note of what he had stated,- for it would not do for one officer to find fault with' the deci sions of his brother officers. The action for £2000 damages, Farns- worth v. the Avoca Shire Council, will be commenced in tbe Supreme Court, Mel bourne, to-day. Mr. J. L. Purves, instructed by Mr. Matthews, will appear for the de fendants, whilst Messrs. Worsley and McDerinott, iustruote'd b'y Mr. Warton, have been retained for tho plaintiff. The witnesses in the case loft Avoca by the afteruoou train yesterday, 1 ' x We have received from tho publishers, Messrs Boyle and 'Scott, -Melbourne, "a list of football matches to be played during the coming season, also the revised rules ... of, tiie gamo . The publication will be found liaudyand useful to all persons who mani fest any interesHn the game. About 1 two' years sinco, Air. Hector Munro, the manager of a branch bank at Aloe, inGippsland, displayed great biavery in.frustrating the attempt of a burglar to enter the bank, und' the Government recog nised the act by placing £50 on the esti- , mates to be paid'-' to ' Mr. Alunro. This gentleman, however, intimated that lie would prefer to receive something in. the form'of' a piece 'of plate or a watch, and ac cordingly a ' chronometer 'Vas purchased, and suitably 'engraved. - On Tuesday next, immediately after the m'efefcing of the Exe cutive Council, the Governor will make the presentation' to Air. Alunro in tho Treasury- building.' ' ' - ' ' ' ' ' ' . "A' somewhat serious case of burning' (writes" the Maryborough Standard) hap pened on Tuesday night ' to' a 'middle- aged ffidn named Samuel Evans.' From informa tion "We have gleaned, it'appears that Evans was employed as a labourer on Mr Perkins' farm about ' three' mi'leS from Homebush, ana on Tuesday secured a cneque ror x/o us wages. He went into Homebush, cashed the cheque, and indulged- .too freely in intoxicating liquors; JEn' ,the evening he started for Rome, taking with' him -'a- bottle of 'gin.' "The' next' mornin'g he was .dis covered lying insensible near a burninglog on the road to the farm. Constable Whyte", of Homebush, had tho unfortunate man conveyed to -the 1 'Maryborough hospital, where, on examination, it was found- that his legs, from the feet !to "the knees, were severely 'burnt. His injuries' w£re attended Iq, and he is now progressing favourably, Put it will be three or four weeks before 'he will" be able to leave- tho institution. Evans remembered nothing <jf the occurrence uh- til -he' was: brought to1 the hospital: lHe believes1 that"he":drank a bottle of gin, and sat b'own by the log, which he does1 not1 re- 'member if he set fire to or not, and feeling cold drew his knees up to the fire, but he "was so sfupified that he did riot feel the burns."" " 1 - i;i ' j ' ' 1 ' A stroke of luck has fallen, to a , priest in Gloucester. It appears ' that'a few months ago a cabinetmaker in Gloucester attended the sale of furniture of a deceased inhabi tant of the city, at which, he "purchased a very 61d:and disgracefully dirty1 oil paint ing for a small Sum. -Recently it was 'sold !tb a Roman Cathblic priest for £7: ' " This "gentleman had the picture" carefully cleaned ; and restored; and'"it was then submitted - to the inspection of an espert, who declared it to be" a portrait of;. " St. Jerome;'.' by Botticelli. It was then sent to London, arid has beeu purchased by a ' well-knwn dealer for £700. s- Calcraft clung to the dismal occupation of hangman asdong' as" he " could, because, 'as be said, he hoped some driy to liarig a . reporter. ' The cheerful wish5'- was! doomed to remain ungratified. - Can it have been because reporters- as a class are exempt from human failings? That seems -to be the inference that one must deduce from a recent incident at a meeting of the Salva tion Army. One of the "Hallelujah lasses," anxious about lost souls, bent down over a young man, Whose attitude betokened penitence/ " Are you saved; my brother ?" she enquired. " " Why," was - the hurried reply, i' I'm a reporter." The clergyman, who was asked for the manuscript' of'-" his prayer certainly 'had the best of it with an other gentleman of the same profession. " I'uevor write my prayers," he said. "But I uever heard a word of what you said, sir." "My friend, I wasn't praying " to you." ' . , ' . ' " The Druggist's Circular gives the fol lowing re'cipe.'-for the'" dry shampoo," and considerably used ' by barbers, now gene-, rally known as sea foam": — Alcohol) 8 ounces ; water, 16'- ounces ammonia, 1 ounce ; Cologne, one ounce. " ; It is1 rubbed on the h'8ad until" ' .the liquid evapo rates. v No subsequent rinsing as necess'sry. A distinguished physician, who had spent much time in quarantine, 'said that 'a per son . whose; had was'- thoroughly ri-ashed every -day rarely took contagious diseases but where the hair was allowed to become dirty and' matted' it "was hardly possible to escape " infection. " ' Alany "'persons find speedy relief from nervous headache by washing the hair thoroughly in weak soda water. I have known several cases almost wholly cured in-ten minutes by this simple remedy.""1 A friend finds it the" greatest " re lief in cases pf -"rare cold," the cold symptoms "entirely leaving the eyes and nose after one thorough washing of the hair! The head should be thoroughly dried after wards, and riot "exposed1 to drapghts of air for a -little while.- " . " What' am gooder dan goodness?" asked Brother Gardner as ' he' opened the meeting. " It am riot only more "'comfortable to be good, but dar" am mo" 'money ' in it in de eand. When a cashier "robbs 'a bank of 30,000 dollars it looks as if hb jvar getting ahead powerful fast ; but such 'am riot de case-. De first detective' who coteheS 'him gets 5000 for not obertakin' him. 'Den he loses 2000 dollars in playin' 'keerds Vid a Chicago gambler. Den he am " robbed" of 3i)0' dollars -'in a Omaha; boardin' house". Den Fe invests l(j;000 dolfars-in mines aroun' Denver; an' am scooped outer ebery shillin'. s Long 'bout that time he am 'rested by de -bank,' and what de lawyers do'an' "get will be returned to the vaults. What has that cashier gained? It's de same wid a gambler. He may win '500 dollars "to night arid lose 7U0"to-morrow night.- One day' lid may sport' a gold' watch : wid two chains, de next day- he may have to porn his coat to get a brandy smash. 'I has figured' it up a dozen times ober, and It a?llus comes out de "same way. De bad man may make SO per cent. ori his- capital for a few short y'ars, but de first thing he knows .de skeleton ban' of bankruptcy clutches him by de froar.an' what am he? Be good. Be good," eben if you 'doan' make ober fo' per cent, at it: \Outside' of all de' money considerashun dar am a feelin down under devest dat'beats a 'diamond ring- all to piocet.- —Detroit Bree Press: Five youngsters, Charles and Henry Sparke, Earnest Jones, Fraucis Ward,- and Bertram Arnold, were charged ' at the Hotham Police Court yesterday morning" with the. larceny 'of a number of scarves from the cart of- John Hewton, a hawker.' The case \yas very 'clear against them all; except the elder Starke; who said he had got two of the articles, -which he was weur- ing at the time of his arrest, from one of the other prisoners." "With the exception of this boy and Ward, the fathers of the lads gave them all a bad character, and some of them were well known to the police. Jones and Arnold were se'rit to the Reformatory for throe years, the- youngfcr Sparke for twelve months, and the others were dis- charged onljpayment of 7s 3d each. It seems that some time back a' number of residents in Hotham found auger-holes bored iu the doors, and the police were "on the alert for what they expected to be a dangerous gang of burglars, but it was eventually discovered that a namber of yquugsters, of which some of the prisoners formed part, were the daring depredators: Malarial Irveu,— Malarial fovcrs toi-piihty of the liver ami kidneys, general ilebiiitv nervousness and neuralgic ailments yieuVreadilv to us great disease eonqueror, Hop Bitters, it repairs ki r, s?3.0 4lseilse by converting tiie food into rich i Siric'i8""15 :ma > SS33 Yesterday was a beautiful day iu Sydney, for the glove c'ontest, and both tlie men en gaged are satisfied with their condition. Foley," accompanied by his trainer, Jaok, Thompson, arrived in Sydney at 10 a.m., looking the picture of health. . His friends are laying five to four oil him in iiuudreds. Foley will most probably .box at lOst. olb., whilst the Victorian will scale about 14, ofnna AfJllfii-'s 'fiTtfa weight," will, .1 think, land him tire' victory. —World.' ' ' 'A romantic case of elopement and robbery: ha's been brought nnder the notice of the South Australian police. A man named. Corrican eloped from London with a mar-, ried woman, respectably" circumstanced,, narned" Mai-V Mullins; arriving in the colony , 'by the steamer John Elder. 1 The lady Pal" the steamer's fare for'tllemselvos and Lor-' rigau'sf son, who accompanied them: ' S.nice their arrival they hare resided together in Adelaide, as man and wife. While they both'vrore drihking in an hotel on Saturday Corrigan snatched the ehange placed on the eouiiter and hurried away," promising to re turn 'in a few minutes, i' Not returning, 'Mullins went home, " and discovered Cor- rigan had absconded with his little boy? all her clothes, jewellery, and personal belong- 1 11 era' and cash amounting to £150. The police Were communicated with, and Cor rigan was arrested on tho 1 mail -coach to Mount Barker. The money is unrecovered. Corrigan was yesterday committed for trial on a charge of larceny frdUa 'a dwelling. World ; " ' " '" On Sunday Dr. Welo, the representative of ;an Insurance Company, attempted to cut his throat at W arf nambool. Whilst suffering from delirium tremens he inflicted four wounds with1 a po'eket knife, but they "proved not to be serious. He is- now in cus tody and under surveillance. Dr. Welo is said to be a riewarrival in the colony. ' He will be brought to" the police office on Tues day, and formally remanded. - There is some excitement still in Tas mania regarding "the Epping murders. Ogdien'8 brother threatens revenge, and fire arms are "carried by travellers and the' farm labourers are armed while at work. '"Big Ben," the great Vfestminster bell, hung in the clock tower of the Houses of the Imperial Parliament — cracked though he Be-1 — is heard all over London and known all oyer Europe: He can scarcely be' in debted for celebrity to his size alone. Com pared with the great bell at AEoscow — which was never hung, and is now used as a chapel — he weighs "but 30,000lbs. to the ether's 433,0001b's; AIoscow also boasts the "second1 largest bell in the world, St. Ivan, il27,000lbs., but this fell in 1855. Pekin comes next with a bell of 112;000lbs; then, at a huge interval, Paris with 38,000 — the weight of "the Notre Dame bell — ."'Big Ben," of "Westriiinster being fifth, with his ' 30,000lbs. After him the new "Raiser Klocke," 25,000lbs, cast for Co logne' Cathedral ; then " Great Tom,"- of Oxford, weighing 17,000lbs., v.-hich is a trifle heavier than the biggest of the Pope's bells at St. Peter's. The great bell of St. Paul's, tolled only on the death of mem bers of the Royal Family, is much smaller, weighing only 8,000ibs. The oldest bell is St. Patrick's, now preserved at Belfast, which is certainly 800, and may be 1600 years old. This is only six inches high. There is a large " bell called " The Holy Ghost," in the spire of Strasburg Cathe dral, only rung when two fires are espied in the city by the watchman at the same time. The other day some Wisconsin people were astonished to find their dog come into the house with a piece of paper tied to his tail. They paid no farther attention to it, except to laugh at his comical appearance, until he began going around to 'different members of the family, almost tail first, and sticking it at thorn. ' This ludicrous action at last made them see that there was writing on the paper, which proved to be as 'fol lows " My legs are broken'. Please help me." - They carefully 'examined his legs, but found theinall right, "when somebody recognised ,the writing of a woman who lived lialLa-mile away-. They went to her bouse, and found - her helpless from a fall which brbke her legs.- She could not stir, nor attract' anybody's attention, and "she might have starved or frozen to death", but luckily the' dog came in, and, crawling to a table, she managed to write the note" and fasten it' to his- tail. ' It ' would effect many persons un pleasantly" to learn that there is every probability of the cockroach becoming an active agent in medicine. " ' Yet it is used almost universally in" Russians a diuretic in certain' diseases, and-itis also frequently used in 'European medical practice as a cure for Bright's disease." The Professor of Materia Medica in Jefferson's College recently stated that cockroaches are not en tirely unknown in ' the medical prac tice in Philadelphia, though phj- sicians do not care to known that they prescribe so unpopular an insect in their practice, and few druggists will acknowledge that they keep them in stock." " The professor says that' cockroach tea "may be used with good effect in "certain cases. Its medicinal pro perties resemble those of cantharides, and when prescribed it is in the shape of a pill made with the powder of the dried insect. The cockroach is no more offeusive than the cantharides, both being of The same class <5f insect, and' the smell is not so objec tionable : as ' that of the " Spanish fly. A reporter ' of the Philadelphia Record ('Ptlblic Opinion remarks) has visited the 'lCading 'drug stores of That city, in quiring whether powdered cockroaches were kept iri stock, when he was informed that they did not sell them, but that a prescrip tion containing the active principal Could easily be prepared by drying half a dozen of the insects andpowdering them so as to make a pill j or a sdlrition could be prepared by soaking- fat cockroaches in whiskey. Several American' physicians affirm that it is only a inatter'of time when cockroaches) or the activd principle, will be in a3 com mon use in that country ag ' they are in Russia or Central Asia. Advice to Mothers ! — Are you broken in your rest by a sick ehild suffering with the pain of cutting teeth ? Go at ouce" to :a chemist and get a- bottle of Mrs Wixslow's Soothixu Syrup. It will relieve the poor sufferer immediately. It is perfectly harmless and pleasant to ' -taste, it produces natural, quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain, and the little cherub awakes ' as bright as a button." It soothes the child, it softens the gums, allays all pain, relievos wind, regulates tbe bowels, and- is tbe best known remedy for dysentery and' diarrbcBa, whether arising from teething 'or other causes. Mrs "\YiuS- low's Soothing Syrup is sold by Medicine dealers everywhere at Is ld per bottle- 