EXAMINER. P'UBLISJIIED DAILY. I'EDNESDA Y, JULY 25; L883. PAILIAMENT is once more in session, and. the Governor's speech at its opening differs little from the ordinary model, in fact is if anything rather more indefniti than usual. It contains little that was not expected, whilst it is deficient or altogether silent on some points which it was thought would have received pro idinnceo. Of course congratulatory pamans are sung over the increasing " elasticity of the revenue," which shows a steady advance for the first half of this as well as for the whole of last year, and after meeting the increased expenditure for the ,public service, and various incidental charges, there still remains a surplus -" which may properly justify a. sub stantial remission of the heavy Customs duties at present levied on some articles of general consumption." There can be no doubt that if we desire to attrisct a permanent increase of population we must reduce the cost of living, which is at present far too high. A judicious remis sion of taxation upon the necessaries of life might be advantageously made, and foremost stands the abolition of the meat tax. As we anticipated the question of railway extension will form a prominent feature in the Ministerial proposals, and the Speech would indicate that several branch lines are to be proposed. It is stated that the engineering surveys are nearly complete, and it is sincerely to be hoped some reliable information upon this .important question will be laid beforo'Parliament. The report of the Board of Enquiry certainly cannot be relied upon, and it has met with general condemnation. Contrary to our expecta tion it is stated that proposals will.be submitted this session in connection with the recent reports of Royal Commissions on'penal discipline, lunatic asylums, and education. The increased attention direc ted to this colony of late in England is stated to be solely due to the more liberal provision made by Parliament last year for assisting immigration; but there is not even a kindly word in recognition of the efforts of our agents in London. It is stated that there is "abundant and remunerative employment" for all who may come, but this of course depends a good deal upon what class they belong to. We mentioned" some months ago that the Colonial Office objected to a colony like Tasmania, possessing re sponsible government, utilising the ser vices of the Crown Agents while all other colonies similarly situated had their own Agents-General, and this matter will be brought under, the consideration of Par liament. The question of annexation in thbe South Pacific and the desirablednea of joining the other colonies in united action to induce the Imperial authorities to pre vent any foreign power being beforehand in annexation will also be brought forward, but it is not likely that the views already expressed by the IPremier in his communications with the Victorian Government on this sub ject will meet with disfavour from Parliament. The ratificatioh of the arrangements made by our Postmaster General at the recent Intercolonial Con" ference at Sydney will provoke discussigon, especially the imposition of a penny postage on newspaipers to Europe, but this is likely to prove the only..debatable point. The necessity for increased accom modation in the matter of public buildings at Hobart, Launceaton, and several of the country districts is referred to, and we trust that the Ministerial proposals will indicate a proper amount of foresight and liberality, and that the members for Launceston will do their duty and by facts and figures show the disgraceful state of affairs at Launceston for want of absolutely roqui site accommodation, and the apathy and neglect shown by the Government hitherto in dealing with the matter. lt is stated that " a desire has been generally expressed" for more liberal provision to encourage settlement on Crown lands, and that a measure will be submitted' giving effect to this desire; but this is a matter that needs very carS- a fully lookitig into. We have heard f of no general representations, but have read of suggestions being made from localities where population a and settlement are decaying that the land should be practically given away to induce settlement. In tllo more progressive portions of the island, however, it is not c the.price asked for the laud'that'is com pla'ined of, but the absenco of good roado and bridges, and whore these are supplied settlement progresses rapidly. We have 1 not such ample reserves of good Crown I land left that weo' can afford to be too lavish with it, for the benefit lof individ. uals'at the expense of thei colony at largo, andthe measure promised by Ministers will, therefore; need very careful copsideration. The .bills mentioned in the seventeenth paragralh of the Speech relate to matters in which there is room for amendment, and we may 'conclude by hoping that the a .promise of the Government to keep both 'louses employed upon business from the outset will be faithfully carried out. That will be the beat preventive of bickerings and discord between the. two Chambers, which are no, less mischievous than they are undignified. Tise telegraphic summary of the corres ponsdtncewehich'has passed between the Imperial and Queensland Governments will go 'fat to allay the anxety felt throughout all the Australiane colonies on the subject of New Guinea. Lord Derby's last despatch feasseres us on'th8e point of the supposed indifference of the' Glad stone Ministry to the interests of.the colonies. It appears that the Govern ment,while not prepared at once to annex the island, are ready to take such steps as shall secure Australia from foreign intrusionm They cannot allow, Queens-c land to usurp imperial functions, and politely.romind her that she cannot claim to speak or act for the empire, and, moreover, that she has perhaps scarcely counted the cost of efficiently governing some millions of "savage and unknown people-a task which, Lord Derby suggests, might prove one of greater difficulty than our sister colony in her youthfel self-confidence has quite appre cdated. Well, we imagine that there are not many Australians who are par ticularly anxious for the instant annexa tion of New Guinea. The island, with all the responsibilities of administration, would be rather a white elephant to any colony, no matter how ambitious of extended dominion. Australians are ready to let annexation wait, so long as what we may call the pre-emptive.right is secured to them. If England commits herself by taking the preliminary steps towards establishing a protectorate in the Western Pacific, we can leave time and the pushing spirit of enterprising colonists and traders. to gradually establish such extensive interest in New Guinea that theoprotectorate -will gradually ibet inevitably develop itself into an organised government to adminia. ter -the colonies which will rapidly grow up on its shores, and to regulate the relations of these European communi ties with the neighbouring native races. The hold of Britain on these islands will be all the firmer and more beneficial for a gradual, cautious, and natural growth, not anticipating but following settlement and the actual necessities of the case. The appointment of an English High Commissioner in the Western Pacific will be a practical and visible declaration to other nations that England will consider their interference so unfriendly, that any power who chooses to disregard the hint must be ready to try conclusions with lier fleet. The deputies posted on various points of the New " Guinea coast will form centres round which colonisa tion may concentrate itself. ' We may now look uipon New Guinea as practically bespoken by Great Britain, .provided Queensland and the other colonies are sufficiently in the matter to make a sub stantial contribution towards the cost of the High Commissioner and his deputies, and the .increased naval force which will make them not a mere. name, but an effective power charged with the office of keeping order in these lawless regions. There remains the question of the New Hebrides and the other Western "Panific Islands. In accrediting H. Waddington as ambassador to London, the French Government has given the strongest assur ance of its desire to maintain cordial and amicable relations with Great Britain. M. Waddington's strong English sympathies are so well known that there is little fear but that in his hands a friendly and satisfactory solution will be found for the rival claims of the two powers iri the Western Pacific. TAnwANIAN AGRIOCLTURAL AND PAs TonAL AssooATION.-We are pleased, to be able to state that Mr. W. l. Webster, acting-secretary for the Tasmanian Agri cultural and Pastoral Association, has re ceived the consent of the Governor-in Council for a portion of the Western Swamp to be reserved for the use of the Society so long as it continues to hold exhibitions. We hope that the whole of the uneienard land ie that vicinity will be placed at the disposal of the Associa tion or the lMunicipal Council for public purposes, so as to prevent the possibility of anothler foot being sold for humace habitations. Nicely terfed and planted with trees it would mikho a delightful summer recrention ground, be an orna meont to the town, and promote the health of the inlhabitnts. As soon as the pre Sliminaries are settled it should not take long to re-erect che fences and pens, so that in all probability the ground will be ready in ample time for the annual horse parade in September. THE SANDUILo TnAFFIe.- A very narrow escape from acollision occurred on the Wellington-road on Monday after noon owing to a specimen of the negli gence and carelessness displayed by wood carters when returning home with their empty drays. A gentleman who was driving along the Sandhill only averted a collision by the aid of a powerful brake on his conveyance, through one of this fraternity allowing his horse and cart to wend its way up the hill on the wiong side of the road, the driver sitting with his back to the horse coolly smoking his pipe, and with not the slightest command over his horse by means of reins or other wise. Besides complaints of this negli gent system we have also had representa I tions made of the annoyance and obatruc tion of traffic caused about the All-tho SYear- Round Hotel, where there are frequently to bh seen eight or ton carts I standing about without lights or anyone In charge. These are extremnely dangerous Sfor anyone driving in the dark, as it is often impossible to see the carts until close upon them. EAuLsieAWK h?hsTRaLsn.-The Eagle hawk Minstrels will give a performance this evening in ti.e Longford Asseambly I Room, A M3ALldoous Aor.-Our correspondent at Han'ilton-on.Forth communicates the D1 following malicious act which was pur petratod on Tuesday night last. Mr. t John Ryan, who has a contract on the w Wilmot.road, has several men at work tl about a mile from the township. On a Tuesday evening they left their tools as b usual after the day's work, but on Wed- is iesday morning these could not be found. p After searching for some time, the body r of one dobbin was found in the middle of a the river, fast amongst some timber : the wheels being taken off, when it had been a capsized over the bank. The other tools, t such as picks, shovels, and crowbars, had fi boon thrown in the river also, and were past recovery. Information was given to the police, who it is hoped will bring the guilty parties to justice. Groat sympathy d is'expressed for Ryan, Iwho is suffering c from a sad family 'bereavement at the r present time. h A HOTEL ROBBERY.-Yesterday Mr. 0 W. Harvey, who lives at tthe junction of 1 George and Frankland streets, found a 1 packet of sample fishhooks and other ( articles lying outside his premises, and a sent them to the Police Station. Shortly v after Sergeant Peters brought in a tin C box, which Miss li. Stewart, of French-' street, found near her fence, and which e was found to contain knives, scissors, F padlocks, etc. The police soon ascer- v tasned'that the box belonged to a commer- s cial traveller, Mr. Findlay, from Mel bourne, and that it had been stolen from E the passage of the Launceston Hotel on v the previous evening. The only articles missing are a few cards of besat pen knives, and some other little things. As a yetno clue has been obtained to the thief, r whlo certainly has not made much by his f larceny. I GAs ExPLOStoON.-On Sunday morning Z Mr. Slade, who lives at Mr. M. Bruce's t residence in High-street, received severe v .injuries from an explosion of gas. From f what we can learn, he was bending over I a gas stove, when the gas suddenly ex- 1 ploded in his face, scorching it badly and t singeing his eyelashes, eyebrows, and the front part of his hair, his eyes also being very: much inflamed. Dr. Murphy was called in, and the patient, who has been ] confined to a dark room since the acci. ] dent, is progressing favourably, and the t doctor thinks there is every prospect of I the sight being saved from permanent f injury. ALLEGED FORGEsRY.-Upon an informa tion sworn to by Mr. Jas. Rose, of Corra Linn, a warrant was issued a few days ago for the arrest of Robert Clarke, a respectable farmer in the Carrick district, on a charge of forging the name of Mr. ] W.. Howard, of Cressy, as acceptor on a' promissory, note at three months for £122 ( given for a stack of hay purchased from, .( MIr. Rose. It appears that Mr. Roses declined to take Clarke's acceptance with. ] out a good backer, and it was then given' him with Mr. Ivoward's name attached, t but on presentation at the bank for dis count this was alleged to be a forgery. t Clarke was arrested at Hobart on Mon day,' and brought up by the ordinary 'train last evening in charge of Sub- t Inspector Waller of thoTerrltorial Police, and lodged in the Launceston watch. house. He will be brought before the Police Court to-morrow. o0UNvTRY ACCIDENTS. - A man was hrought to town from Ringarooma yester day for medical treatment, suffering from a broken leg, and was taken to;the f Terminus Hotel. The man Jones, who lihad both legs brokenatPort Lempriore on Monday, was brought to the Hospital yesterday, and upon enquiry last evening we learn that he is progressing favourably. f A few days ago a very painful accident happened to a son of Mr. J. 0. Greig, of Braemar, Invermay. He was attending to a chaff-cutting machine, driven by horse-power, when his left arm became entangled in the machinery, sustaining a severe laceration near the elbow joint of all the tissues down the bone, and sever ing both arteries, the wound extending three inches in length, but fortunately none of the bones were broken. The lad is doing remarkably well, but Dr. Murphy, under whose treatment he is, fears there may be some loss of power.in the arm owing to the muscles of the arm being so severely turn. OHARGE OF HERESY AGAINST TIIE REV. r J. Osenonx.-A telegram in the Age of Saturday from Sydney ;states that the t special general district meeting of the Wesleyan Church, convened for the pur r pose of considering the heresy case pre s ferred against the Rev. John Osborne, of t York-street Church, agreed to the follow ing finding :-1. After hearing Mir. Osborne's frank declaration of his belief in the Deity of the Lord Jesus Christ, in His atonement for sin by' His death, in I the Deity, of the Holy Ghost, in the plenary inspiration of Holy Scriptures, and an efficacy of prayer ; having hoard also his sincere attachment to the f Methodist doctrines generally em bodied in our acknowledged standards, we cordially accept his statements as full and satisfactory; at the same time we regret that his method of presenting f these truths is at timer so inexact, as to produce the impression on the minds of some that he is erroneous in doctrine. 2\. In reference to his sermon delivered in C York-street IOhurch on Sunday evening, a 22nd April, on Roman Catholicism, we are convinced that Mr. Osborne is sound in the doctrines of Protestantism as held by the Methodist Church, yet from the evidence we are satisfied that in the former part of his discourse he was so s unguarded in his statements as to appear I to advance doctrines not in harmony with our standards. 3. That the President communicate the foregoing resolutions to SMr. Osborne. S A DIAoNn .DRILLa INJURED. - B A dastardly outrage was perpetrated at the Rock Shaft claim, Loefroy, on Sunday night, whereby the "bit" of the'Govern ment diamond drill working on that Company's land was partially destroyed. During the night time some miscreant dropped a file down the bore-hole, the result beins that when the drill was started again to work the diamonds were stripped from the " bit," rendering it 1 useless. The drill was stopped as soon as the mischief was detected, and must be allowed to lie idle until another " bit" is procured. It is to be hoped that the Government will take steps at once for tile discovery of the offender, the reason for whose action it is somewhat diflicult 'to conceive. 1 BonToN COLLEZEO.-It will be seen on Sreference to our advertising columns that Swork will be resumed at Heortorrn College on Monday next. We are informed that Simportant changes are being made in the teaching staff. Mr. C. H. W. Johns, B.A., after three years of successful ser vice as 'second master, has returned to England. He will be succeeded by ~Mr. S. Patterson, B. A., who sailed from London on the 9th ult. and is expected to arrive this week. Mr. Patterson has had a brilliant educational career. He was graduate in honours at the Queen's College, Galway, Mathematical Scholar, Peel prizeman, etc. His testimonials are Sof a very high order. Mr. Aylwin, e Melbourne University, will succeed Mr. s Scott as junior master. The servicesof SProfessor LI. Lockstmdt, graduate of g Friedrick's University, Brestan, have i been secured as teacher of modern 'languages and advanced music. This I gentleman hasthe reputation of being a Sperfect master in these branches of edu Scation, and has the advantage of having h. ad many years' experience. . THE SEAiON.- Notwitlstanding the \- rather severe frosts of the last three or a four mornings, the season is unusually :a advanced. This is shown by the shrubs to and trees in the gardens in and around Is the town, many of which are on the point is of bursting into flower. Yesterday we i received from MIr. J. Forguson, of Elphin road, a couple of sprays of almond-tree s- bearing several fully developed blossoms. so The wattle is already assuming the golden ly tint that presages the glory and perfume so dear to Tasmanians. . Connsema.-By the steamer yesterday Mr. Ernest Gatenby was a passenger. Mr. Gatonby seems to have got through p that crucial test of a coursing judge's r work-a Waterloo Cup meeting, giving t the greatest possible satisfaction. There n are no complaints whatever in the Mel- s bourne papers; and considering the s influences that were at work in the early I part of the season, and the dissatisfied s, race greyhound owners are, this is no b small feather in Mr. btatunby's cap. d When we hoard that Mr. Gatenby had r accepted the appointment, we thought a that he would succeed in giving satis-.I faction. A thorough enthusiast in coursing matters he united every quali fioation to make a good coursing judge, I while his gentlemanly and unassuming n demeanour render him popular with all classes. Mr. Gatonby has only a brief respite from his judicial duties, ',as he will e have to leave again early next week to officiate at the Victorian Coursing Club meeting, which commences on August 4. The Argus, speaking of the Waterloo Cup, says::-' The deciding cotirao was one of lhe finest we over witnessed for the wind-up of a Waterloo Cup, Shrewd Girl having ample time to turn the tables a on Rhodanthe, had she been equal to the occasion. As it was, Rhodanthe never put the issue in doubt, and her gallant I victory makes her out one of the best- I some judges will no doubt say the very best-greyhound in the whole ofAustralia. c She has run altogether 23 courses, out of which two defeats have to be deducted. The party have won a fair stake by the success of Rhodanthe, although the arrangement that the bitch was to fill the c nomination of Mr. Crosbie was not com pleted till last week. Tihe runner-up to Rhodanthe was a rank outsider, and had Mr. Scott's fast bitch turned the tables on the favourite, the joy of the bookmakers would have known no bounds. As it is, they are well hit all round, the pub lic also having put down the dollarsf briskly when. they know Mr. Crobio as I the nominator of Rhodanthe." CoEnt or B?.KnU-crTOv.-In Chambers yesterday morning, before his Honor Mr. Commissioner, Whitefoord, Mr. R. J. Parker, of the firm of Ritohie and Parker, presenting petitions on behalf of the manager of the Commercial Bank, Mr. C. J. Barclay, praying that the following gold mining companies might be wound up under the Mining Oum panies' Limited Liability: Act in default of ' payment of certain sums set down as duoe by them :-Who Can Tell, South Royal Standard, Blue Tier,' West. Tasmania, Specimen Bill, West Royal Tasman,' Tasmania Extended,Wel come, . Star of the South Amalgamated, Great Extended West Chum, East Golden Era, Grand Flanour, Mount Wilson, Victoria, and South Mint. His Honor decided that the managers of the various companies should have an oppor tunity of appearing before him to answer to the petitions, and adjourned the cases till 11 a.m. on Monday next. AN AWKWARD KNOCK.-On Monday, while a lad named Tracey was bringing a trolly out of the Custom House shed he got his right hand jammed between tihe trolly and the wall, bruising his hand very severely, and completely denuding the skin from two of the fingers. SMAsosnIo.-At the regular meeting of the Lodge of Perfect Unanimity, No. 000, S.O., held on Monday evening, the R:W.M., on behalf of the officers of the lodge, presented Bro. A. J. Easther with a handsome M.M. jewel wrought in siloer and suitably inscribed, as a token of their appreciation of,the services rendered by him to the lodge in the capacity of Tyler. The ceremony of consecrating and open ing the new South Esk Lodge, 800,E.C., will take place at Evandale this evening, when a largd number of Masons will be present. The D.C. Master, the Roy. R. D. Poulett-Harris is prevented by other engagements from coming ip .from Hobart, and the ceremony will, there fore, be conductedi by the Deputy D.G. Master, assisted by officers of the D.G. Lodge. The warrant under which this Lodge is being opened was originally obtained in October, 1859, for t the Derwent Lodge, tobe opened at New Norfolk, but circumstances prevented it being ever used, and the name of the Lodge has now been altered by dispensa tion to the South Esk, the number being unalterable.-The regular meeting of the Pembroke Lodge, 1517 E.C., Lefroy, will he held to-morrow evening, at 7'30. Visiting brethren are invited. TIE REDMOND MISSION.-Tho Mel bourno correspondent of the .Ararat Adeertiser writes :-" Telegrams are pour ing in from all quarters congratulating SMr. William Redmond on his election to the House of Commons by so largo a majority over such an adversary as the O'Connor Don. The latter is a very popular man among the Catholic Irish, and claims direct descent from the Irish kings-no slight recommendation in the Emerald Isle. 'Mr. William Redmond is now the youngest member but one of the Commons. He is 22 years old, while Mr. IKenny is but 21. Thie lder Redmond is 26\. Since their stay in the colonies they have sent home £8000, in two months, £1000 of which went on July 10, ShMile a like amount will be forwarded by next mail. Shortly they go' to New Zealand, but will return for the confer ence of Land League delegates to be hold next month." THu LATi AccIDENT.--In reference to the collision that occurred on the Well ington-road on Monday night, we have been assured by Mr. Fletcher tileat he was as close on the left-hbind aide of thl road as he.could get, a woodcart being between him'and the lierb. We regret to say that the poor lad who was in the chaise cart with Mr. Morrinor was partially uncon scious yesterday evening, and Dr. Murphy fears there is some injury to the upper part of the spine. SUPPOSED VALUEaTLB INVeNTIo- .-An offer has been made to the Victorian SGovernment by a French inventor to sell ' for £2000 the patent of a gas, intended Sfor the destruction of rabbits, the reward Sto be paid to him on the complete aennihilation of tIe pest. The inventor Sproposes to keep his patent a secret under Sthe protection of the Australian Govern a ments, as he claims that it might be used with terrible effect on a body of men in war or in case of revolution. TI ?E MeTBOROLOoIOA.L OBsERVATORY. -The Government meteorological ob Sserver, Captain' J. Shortt, has, we learn t from the iercrturJ, taken possession of Sthe premises in the Barracks selected by t the Government for that purpose long since, hbut which have only recently been available. The building in which Capt. Shortt has now taken up his quarters is the large house, adjoining the Fises Court, which many years Sao,'' wben the Imperial troops Swere quartered here, did duty as a " can teen." After thewithdrawal of the troops Sthe houne was converted into a private resi Sdence, which purpose it has served over since. Thie house, with one or two altera tio'satthe rear, willafford every provision foirobservatory purposes. Acommodious room nas been set apart as a private oaice, I a]nd'whichis placed intelephloniccomumunl Scation with the Telograph-ofiiceforthe ro e cejtian of weather reports from the out a stations and Melbourne, as well as for a the despatchl of reports from the observa a tory for the Hobart and Launceston . Telegraph offices, and also for transmission g to Mr. Ellory, of the itelbourno Observa tory. Barometers and thermometers have yet to be furnished to the stations Sat Launceston, Circular Head, West SCoast, Falmouth, and Oatlands. n Tne ToweN PARn McrENAOERIE.-- W d learn that a very large-sized badger has t been presented to the collection in the e Town Park by Mr. R. J. Sadler, of St. . John-street. o CHInBERen OP nCoo?MEtRe.-The monthly . meeting of the Chamber will take place in n the Committee-room of the Mechanics' se Instituto to-morrow afternoon athalf.past 4 o'tlock, .. . TAS? ANIAr SEErE SALEs --Several of r our Morino sheep-breeders, who had been present at .the Sydney sheep sales, returned by the steamer yesterday. On the whole the sales have been a success, notwithstanding the prevalent opinion seems to be that all those breeders whose. sheep were submitted on the third and last day of the Tasmanian sales were sacrificed, and that if the sheep had only been submitted on either of the previous re days, much higher prices would have been s realised. The total amount realised by sales was about £20,000.. Mr: George n l'arramore obtained the highest average ci for 12 rams-£100 Gs 5d ; butt Messrs. W.Gibson and Son's averageof £56 17s, for. 59 rams, perhaps is entitled to most pro minence, as the numberiwas considerablyin excess of that sent by any other brooder. Mr. David Taylor carries off the honours in t owes with the fine average of £69 12s. tl Mr. James Gibson, with Dense-woolled a Tom, 300gs, purchased by Messrs. Gatenby and Harrison ; and Mr. Thomas Gibson, with the 300gs ram, purchased by a AMr. James Cox, were the highest priced i of the Tasmanian sheep. Dense-wooled a Tom is of the Sir Thomas line of blood, and is described by the Sydney Mail as " a faultless sheep." The ram purchased by Mr. James Cox would have realised a higher price but for an idea that he was a being bought in. As it was his purchaser refused the sum of £50 and half the-pro duce of 100 pure bred owes, which offer was made by a New South Wales breeder. The ram. is described by the journal previously quoted as "a splendid ram, that will evidently do his own colony n credit." Mr. Thos. Gibson ought to be t proud of breediig such a sheep, more especially as he is only a young Merino t breeder. The ram, like most of Mr. Thos. Gibson's sheep, was by grand ram pur chased at a high figure by. Mr. Chas. c Field from Mr: David Taylor last year, and running back to Mr. James Gibson's famous Merino sire,. Old Sir Thomea?. Last year : Mr. Field refused the a sum of £500 for a ram of his own breed ing, MIonarch, by Sir David. The offer was. made, as stated in our report of Longford Show, by one of our most celebrated Tasmanian breeders. With two such sires as Monarch and the ramepreviously alluded to, the Woodfield Merino flock ought to have a very promis- t ing future. The highest priced sheep-of the week was the ram bred by Messrs, G. 0\. Clarke and Co., of Queensland, and I purchased by Mir. W. A. Kermode for £405, and is descended direct from a lona Vale ram and a St. Johnstone ewe, so Tasmania can claim some of the honour. AquATrro.-A telegram in Monday's Argus states that a sculling match took place on Saturday between Edward tlanlan, of Toronto, the champion sculler of the world,-and Wallace Ross. It re sulted in an easy victory for Hunlan, who won by 20 lengths. Mu. Jone PACKERe.-WO understand that Mr. John Packer, Ministerial clerk in the Treasury Department, has, through illness, been prevented from attending to his duties during the past few days. This illness of Mir. Packer, following so I closely on the ill-health of the Treasurer, and occurring at a period when so much time has to be spent by the head of the f department in preparation of the annual financial statement, is unfortunate. .EDUoATIONAL.-Thts examination for Sthe vacant Newcastle scholarship at the High School commenced on Monday be fore the Rector (the Rev. R. D. Poulett Harris). The scholorship is valued at £12 per year for two years, tenable at the High School, and is open to students Sunder 12 years of age from any school in the colony. Ten candidates have pre sented themselves for examination. Only one of the candidates, says the Mercury, is from an outside school, and among the others are three Board of Education exhi a bitioners, who entered at the High School at the beginning of the present term. The result of the examination will be known athis afternoon. The Governor has been pleased to approve of the appointment of the members of the Council of Education r and the secretary to the Council as sub v examiners of candidates for the Gilchrist t Scholarship. THE POLICE MAGISTRATE OF HOBART. The' Mcrcury statesn that the leave of ag bsence granted to Mr. Tarleton, Police e Magistrate, has been extended to the 1st 1 Docember next. TENDERy s are called by the Loyal Olarendon Lodge, I.O.O.F., Evandleo, for the services of a hRnd of not less than 10 performers. S TNDEnaS are called by tMr. W. Hickling, Collins-street, Hobart, up till the 8th prox., g for the purchase of Mr. O. E. Knight's fruit o and jam business. TEnDEas are invited by the trustees in the estate of Thomas Dunoanson, of iaratath, SIstorekeeper, up to tile 30th inst., for the pur e chaso of tilhe freehold properties in the estate. THE members of the Launceston Bicycle Club are requested to meet at 2'15 p.m. to-day at the corner of Charles and Elizabeth streets. THE half-yearly general meeting of the share a holders of the Tasmanian Steam Navigation e Company will be hold on Wednesday, the 11th day of Aeugst next, at noon, at the offices of the Oompany, Franklin Wharf, Hobsrt. A MEIETNGs of contractors will be heold at East's Hotel, Leven, on Friday, August 3rd, at 2 p.m., to discuss the new Government sys teom of payingeontraetors. y A PIGEON MATeI will take places at the College Farm on Saturday hext. BRONZED HAT UMBRtELLA SANDS.--Just Sopened. - FANK HABRT, Brisbane-street. - Advt.) ,MloU 's CHAMPAGNE, quarts and pints, dry o or sweet, specially recommended to invalids, to be had from all wine nod spirit merbchants and hotels. Dalgety, Moore, nnd Co., agents - (AnvT.) . THE antipathy of physicians to recommend d anything to their patients that is not within Sthe range of their own formulas and preserip t ions, argues a lack of sonfidence in the spo it eieos that are compounded to meet the reqoiai tions of diverse diseasees. When, therefore, the profession go beyond their legitimate pales, y and advise the use of preparations already in the merlet, it Is equally eonuluesi, evidence thut they attauh ossoderablo value to them. Tills, they have universally done in the usse of SUdolpho Yolfe'u Sehioedam Aromatic Iohnapps, itself a lofty tribute to Its virtues.--(A.) S IP.you don't believe it, ask any German, and he will convince youthat St. Jacob's 011 is the d moast wonderful remedy that hBss ever been brought before the tublio. Rhoumatism of manyyears' standing has yielded immediately r to itsalmost magical inf uence. As many have expressed it, its action is electrlcl, seeming to drive the pain before it until all discomfort leaves the body and the warm glow of health and comfortremains. It is a certain cur ofor neuralgia, giving immediate relief upon the first applictioe, rind curing, in a short time, the most inveterats casee.-Sold by all Chemists price half-a-orown. Wholesale by HATON ADw LAwS. Chemists, Launceston.--Advt.) f TnoAT A~ F rorIoNS AND HoAnsENEs--All suifering from irritation of thethroeatand hoarse y nesa will be agreeably surprised at the almout 0 immediate rrlief atforded by thu usuof "'rewn's 5 Bronchial Troches." These famous lozenges are now sold by most respectablo chemists, st Is ld lier boa. I'eople troubled with a "hackins cough," "a light cold," or bronchial affections, cannot try them too soon, as similar troubles, if allowed to progress, result in serious pul. 5 monary and Rathmatie affection. See that the Swords " Brown's Bronchli Troches" are on the s Government stamp around each box.- -Preptred , by JonN I. BnoWN & SoNes. Boaton, U.S Eur opea depot removed to 33, Farringdon SADVIUsB n lorTHEIn l-Are you broken in your rest by a sick child suffering with the pain Is o cutting teeth? Ge at oncuto a chemtst,asd get a bottle of Sins WINaLow's SoonTINe SSenuP. It will relieve the poor sufferer imme diately. ItH is rfeootly harmless and pleasant ato tste, it prodnees natural, quiet sleep, by re t- tootving the ohild from pain, and the little cherub r awakes " as bright as hbutton." It soothes the h. ohild, it softens the gums, olhsye all pain, re. n eoves wind, regulates the bowels, asni is the Sbest Imknown remauody for dysentery and diarrhea " whether arising from teotting or other cusees. M- Irs Winslow's Soothing Syrup is sold by medl. rs uine dealers everywhere at Is lid per bottle, s O PoI INE-F o in TTEErn AND BREATH. t A few drops of the liquid Floriline sprinkled on a wet tooth brush lroducesa pleasantlther e which thoroughly cleanses the teeth from all Spararites or impurities, hardensetimgumC s, pro. vents terter, steps decay, gives to the tietb 1 eculir pearly whiteness, nd a delightful t. frgr, e to the breath. It removes all sin. pleaosant odour arising from decayed teeth or lytobacco smokeu. "The Fragrant Floriline" en ein ctmcoied to part of honey and sweet herbs is deleious to the taste, and the groatest S toilet discovery of the age. Prico s of all at obhemists and perfumers. Wholesale depot re. moved to 33. Farriogdon.road, London,--Advt 