SPORTING INTELLIGENGE. VICTORIA RACING CLUB. CHAMPION MEETING. V lth every pio.poct of cool pleasant w iitlier the raco meeting to be held on the 1 lemington course thia afternoon Bhould ptovo the most succeBSlul New -uara Dvy cuthering that the A letona Racing Club have j it held The nttendauc. will probably be very numerous, thoi t,u uot swelling to such lujge figures as on .up day As tho accommo el tu ion on the cour io is on a moa^ extensive .rule the visitors numerous though ti ) n i ) be can depend in witnossing the racing in comfort There ate Bevon «venta m the I icgrumme for the a ternoon a sport, and in order to f,et througl the racing in time to I er nut tlio visitors to return to Melbourno by an early hour ne lust race will bo started at 1 ilf p_8tl2oclock The opening event is the Ilurfle Race, for which the »cratchings havo as yet been \ery few Lad) Hampden who will have the advantago of being ridden by _ Corrigan will receive a deal of publia eup port 1 G and Gambier are likely to attract attention Iho next event is the Normanby fctukea in which tho (meat two) ear olds of the season will meet The scritclnngs in thia race have been very heavy tho number Btill left in being only 11 A still further reduction may be expected before the start ing bell ringa M ith such animals as Nain a St Lawrence and Middlemarch engaged an interesting race may be fairly anticipated Warwick is looked upon as too light, Atchie Off Colour and the Rose d Amour colt have each received some sup port from tbo public Narina did a splendid gallop on Satutday morning and her backers aro so pleased with her performance thoy look upon the race as over T he Y irravillo S .kee aid Midsummer Handicap have ex cited scarce!) any attention ob yet Tho Champion Stakes which comes next in the order of running has all tho elements of a mont interesting contest lhe field is now reduced to ei^ht horses all of which will pro bably start unless Darebin Bhould be scratched at the hist moment Commotion, who ia believed to ho the finest four year old we over had m Victoria baa shown all the 1 igh qualities that might be oxpectod from his breeding He has gone through his train mg to the satisfaction of the Btablo and lus admirers anticipate for him the easiest of victories Darebin has pone off greatly since he arrived in Melboun e and Ins chanco ib regarded as a very remoto one indeed Caima ib a good colt but he is lookod upon as being held safe by Commotion Sweet \\\ llham bus been selected as the second representativa of the 1 errara stable Jessie has not been much in favour with the public Navigator tho host colt of his jear, has very pro) orly held the pride of place at the head of the betting for tina race, though of late he ha. been ruu .ery cloBe by Commotion A really high class three year old must alwaja bo vory dan geroua in the Champion Stakes and Navi gator has proved himself a colt of the ver) lit-heat class 1 rom past running Segenhoo should finiBh behind Navigator GueaBwork has done a rare preparation and has made such time on the traimug ground that the public have backed him to a considerable amount, notwithstanding previous diaap po ntm_n(s That ho has brilliant pace and tan Btav there is no doubt, but he has an uufcirti pate knack of shommp these qualities in private and not m public On paper * avigator Bhould win and if there is any ihing m the field to lower his colours it is Commol on Since Champion racea were i tinten in the Australasian colonies m l8,).) i i t ma out of the 20 races run havo been mci by four year olds One was won by Ladybird in S New Zealand in ISfS another by Barwon at Ballarat in 1Sl>3 and the other by Strop in lasmania in 18G6 lhe quality of the horses that havo competed m the Champion races has improved greatly of lato years The followers of Commotion bolievo that this jear a four year old will beat the best three) ear old of his sear in the Cham pion SlalieB and that Commotion will be re turned the victor of tho great weight for oge race of tho »ear Tho Three sear old Hindi cop and the Criterion Handicap will bring the day a racing to a closo Trama will leave the Spencer street station at 10 30 a m , and at intervals aa may bo re quired till 2pm A return train will leave tho racecourse immediately after the Cham pion Race ib over The Melbourne Tramway and Omnibus Company will run a line of their vehicles from the Bourke street depot commencing at 10 a m 1 or the accommoda tion of the public railway and race tickets can be obtained from Messrs Thos Cook and Son at tbo Exchange from 10 a m till 1 pm Hampers left at M Culloch s parcels delivery office Collins street west boforo 12 o clock will bo conveyed io the lawn und afterwards delivered in the Buburba if re quired 1 or those ladies who prefer to make their own ofternoon tea boiling water will be Bupphed in the carnago paddock free of charge Milk and cream may be obtained from the Melbourne Milk Supply Company a carts The Australian Military Band under the direction of Signor /elman, will play a choice selection of music on the lawn during the afternoon THE BÜITINO Owing to the cricket match and the racing at DlBte,nwick, there was not much specula tion on the principal events of the V It C l\ew Years Day Meeting on Saturday Narina ib still first favourite for the Nor m&nby; Stnkes, but there has been a deal of money put on the others in small suras As uBual, the prices are shortening as the day drawB near, and the field becomes moro select I or the Champion Stakes, Commo tion ib almost aB firm ob Navigator at 7 to i Guesswork has received considerable support on account of his brilliant doings on the training ground The following aro the prices - NOnjfANBY STAKES 7 to 4 ogst Karloa (tk) 5 - 1 -- St Lawrenco 0 - 1-Mlddlttnarch 8 - 1-War« lok 10 - 1-Arcillo 10 - 1 -- 00 Colour 10 - 1-Itoeo d Armour colt CUAMPIOK STAKES 7 to 4 regst Navigator (tk and off) 7 - 4-Commotion (un") (2 to 1 tk) 7 - 1-Guesswork (ti: and tu) 12 - 1-Scgonhoo (off> 14 - 1-Caima (ntl) 15 - 1-Jessie (off) SO - 1-Darebin (off) 'J ho following ib the programme for to day a racing - nCEDLH haob To Btnrt at bait past 12 o'clock A handicap BwcopeUkos ul 7 >ovs each 8 It, with 150 added About two rnilca and a half Bt lb Mr n Fisher s b g Handy Andy, onad 12 0 Mr T Naglitr-n a b e, Miokub agod -. 11 0 Mr D a Wallaces b| 1)1 urrii gllo eyra 11 0 Mr E Weeks s ch gil d Hot or, Oy-o _ 11 3 Mr 8 0 Cooks b g liaslllsl. aged _ 10 0 Mr 8 Grimwood s b g P O Gjra 10 7 Mr W P Jonen 8 li li Matador, 0 yrs, by Tim Wlilfflor(lmp)-Mlgnonotto " 10 0 Mr T Coffey a oh g KroB nsed _ 10 6 Mr T Wilson a li m Lady Ilampdon S yrs - 10 4 Mr M Hardiman s h or br ti Gambier, &yra; 10 .1 Mr O S Wallara b1) |Z Discount, OR«! _ 10 2 Mr P Glenister s b g iracksman, aged 0 7 Mr A 8e!rnan abb Dunstan, 4 yrs 03 Mi A T f Jil' a á b g Songstor, 5 yro "00 lilh NOHSIANBT. BTAK3J A sweepstakes ol 20 bovp each, 5 It, with 200 added tor tno tears old-colts Bat 101b , miles, 8st 71b Tho Bccond lioreo to recolvo CO bovs, and ibo third 25 BOVB out ot tho Btako Tlio winner of tho Marl byrnong Plato to carry 71b oxtra , of any otliorraco (not being a handicap) ot tho valuo ot 100 Bovs or up» ardo 4lt>*-. ra Fli o furlongs (108 BttbB ) Mr J nalmofi br c Archie, by Itapldlty-Eugcano Mr S G Cooks b c Tlchbourno, by Countryman Bridal» rcath Messrs Robertson and Wagner's b o St Lawronco, bj Glorious-Porfoellon Mr W Branch s h c Off Colour (lato Procloua Stono) by hing Colo-Iho Gem lion J WbltoaborbroMIddlomarch, by Marlbyr nong-Housemaid Mr A I Smarts h c Warwick, by Maribyrnong Fuwti Mr It do Metros b c -, Ly PIscator-Roso d Amo i Mr n, de HcLtii- she-, by Placator-Night llfht Mr M Jacobs eli c Statesman, by Wllbortorco Britannia lion p K Co» a bil Narina, by Yattendon-Atlio Uno Mr M C T«cob& s cb o LapUndor, by Tho English man-TlnOndor TUE TABnAVILLB STAKES A sweepstakes of o bovs oacb, 2 ft wlih 100 added For J j l8 r*' 1 and upwardB Wolirlit for ago Tho \ehrer o' e y r&co; (not bolng a haidtcap) ot tlio \iilu of 100 ot or upwards to carry 71b oxtra, of two eui ri Buc i rufes, 101b oxtra Ono milo Mr M «ranch she Little Jack, 3 yra Mr E Ila Mtalr t br I Solltudo, 8 yra Mr J Whlttln(,bani s b h Larpent, C yra Mr J WulUlnghcwabroPronioUicUB,8yr8 Mr 8 Minor's bro Boolka, Sjrs Mr J Ltek u be Colstoun, Si rs Mr J Simson sbl o Sinking Fund, 8 yra Mr D FlBhort br o Bobcrt tho Devil, 3 >rs Mr S G Cook s b c Anplosoy, 8 yrs Mr L L Smith s b li Liberator, 4 yrs MIDSUMMER HANDICAP A sweepstakes of 10 boys each, h ft, with SOO adilod Tho Bccond horso to receive 95 bovs , and tho third 10 sois out of the stako For three years old and upwards The winner of any handicap raco of the valuo of 100 bovs after tho declaration ot tho weights to curry 51b oxtra Ono milo aad thrco quarters , . Bt lb Mr K do Mostró» br li Swoot William, i yra- 8 10 Mr It K Maitland s br h Corlolanus, 4 jra . 8 0 Mr E do McBtro 8 br h Gudarz 4 yra _ 8 5 Mr II G Talbots br li Sunsot (lato Baroona), aged - -.80 Mr E Weekes b h Polllo 6 yrs . _ 7 12 Mr O Wilson ne eh li Odd Trick agod_ .. 7 11 Mr W T Millara li g Brltlahor, 1 yrj, by John Bull-Favourlto , _ ..7 0 Mr E. do Mostró g b h Paul, i y« " -70 Vr. J Lcek'a b li Z.niboBi, axed.7 5 Vr W Drnncli'abo Mistaken, a jr» - ..7 3 * r J Pcdfearu's br o Tlio Pim gor, 8 yrs "78 Vr. VI Bra__h'_bo-elmon-, 8)rs .. -.7 8 J r O II. T Hart's br li Koh I noor, 4 yra _ 0 IS tr TI loend'sbr li U-lthazir, fiyra .. .. Bil -1 r W. Bailey a b h Kriel honous, 4 ) ra.. .. 0 IO l'on W Foaison's b m Tapor, 4 yrs, by Lamp llglitrr-Dolnna - _ _. ..0 8 Mr ti Mnl,mi's bri l.cnbl-, 8 yra .. ..0 6 Air F Fvauh'a hr li Lnjistono, 4 yrs, by Inilillst-Coquotlo . . _ .. 0 0 _Ir J u Iltld'a eh h Tamworth, 4)ra _ ..0 0 THE C1IAMI.ON STAKES, Of SO eov s cadi, 10 It, with 1,000 added For 3 yrs old hi d upwards Weight for Biro Second hirao to receive-DO eov s and tho third 100 aova. iui ol tho fiiakc .hrto miles Horses foaled nt'th of the Uno allow ed 71b -.Baba. at lb. lion \V Pcnrson'fl b h Commotion, 4 yrs ..0 0 Mr 1. duMe.tro.br h Sweet William, 4 yra 0 0 lion 1. Iv Cox. or li Darebin, 4 yrs ..0 0 Mr D 8 \\. ulla, c's ti e Calm-, 3 yre, by Yatton don-London Prlilo . . I I liol J V\ hito b b or hr c Segenhoe, 8 yra, by llurlbyrnone-Tlio Fawn .7 8 Mr _. do -Icstro's bl e Nav Igator, 8 yrs .. 7 8 iilrT Hilero cb o Quceswork, 3 yra, hy Q»og 1 orwim! (imp )-Poradvonturo (Imp ) .-7 8 Mr I> J M'AllBlerabf Jeasio, Byra, byKolpio -P.racliuio .. .. _. _ ..7 5 TnrtKE -KAU OLD nANDIOAP. A swell .lakes ol 10 nova oach, h ft, with 200 addod. Ono milo and a half. nUb Mr J Viblttlncliam'8broPromettions "89 Mr P J M'illstersbfJesslo .. _ "87 Mr li O Ol.siiord's eli c Allander .. -.8 0 Mr F do M< aire-bri Solitude.B4 Sir! . Idcr'a b c Dnnoclo .. _. "82 Mr I. Week.'a b cTran.fcrred _ .. .-8 0 Mr F do McBtro's boSjIvauus.. .. -.7 13 Mr W Brunell s b c Llttlo Jaok_ .. _ 7 li Mr J Bcdfcarn's br c Tlio Plunger .. _' 7 li Mr J A Lane's ch c King ofthoValo ..7 9 Mr II Cennolly's br o Toorak, by Panie Ud)blrd . " .7 B Mr S O Cook's b c Anglesey.7 0 lion \V Pearaon'a bl f OontoBslua .. -, 7 3 Mr J Leek's b o Colttoun .7 3 Den W Pearson's br o Magnol, by Vagabond (imp)-Mnglo Lantern .. ._ .. ..7 0 Mr. P Mahon, br I Lesbia .. " _. 0 <. Mr W llronch's brcKeaox .. " .. 0 10 Mr. S Mabon's oh c Colowort .. .. -07 THE CRITERION STAKES A handicap BwcrpsUkes of ôaovs. o.cb, 2 ft, wlvli 15 added For two j cars old. Threo quartora of milo at lb Mr D S Wallara', g f Duenna .. -.9 7 Mr T -sn^htoii- b f Lad) Jervois .. ..9 4 Mr W. Branch, bo Off Colour .. .. 8 12 Mr E doMrstri'abcIlio .. .. "BIO Mr LI ducob.'a eli o Statesman _ .. "87 Sir T Elder's ch f Monsoon " .. '..83 Mr E do Mcstro's ch f Diana .. .. . 1 I Mr W Branch's e o Lo Beau .. _ ,.8 0 Mr A 1' Brad.haw'a eli c Yollovv Hammor _. 8 0 Mr W Branch's bfLiitloSlstor" .. _. f 12 Sir T Elder s b f Fcdalma . .. _ "ill Mr O O n-ldockabc Wahgunyah .. _ 7 li Mr J Wlilulnelmm'Blir Illouera .. .. 7 11 Mr L L Smith's b f Merry Kenella _ _ 7 8 Mr L L Smith's b f Amoila Victoria _ -78 Mr W Branch-bro SlRnor .. .. _ T 8 Mr J Mitchell's br f Maudlo _ .. ..7 0 Mr S Miller s b c Anncram .7 0 Mr. S O Cook's b c Tlohborno.7 6 Mr J A Lang'B b f Agatha .7 ! Mr. S Miller's ch c Hopetown .. .. . ! I lion W Pcaraon'sbrc Tripod _ .. -8 12 Mr. II Fisher's h c Miles. "07 Mr T Chirt-ldo-chtMoujong.. _ "07 VICTORIAN TROTTING CLUB MEETING. The mixed race meeting held by the Vic- torian Trotting Club on the Elsternwick course on Saturday afternoon waB not very numerously attended, the cricket match on the Melbourne ground proving a Bupenor attraction to holiday makers. The racing opened with the Maiden Trot, which waB won easily by Dick, who led all the way. Aus- tralia, a peculiar-looking little nondescript, scrambled over the ground at a rare pace, and managed to get second place Had he been ridden in a leas slovenly manner, ho would have tried the winner at tho finish. The winner ib a largo white colt, only two years old, though lie hag all the appear ance of a live )ear old. To race such a young colt two miles savourB of cruelty to animals. 'Hie next event waa the Trotting Match fo. the 2 15 clase, for which there were only throe starteis. Brown Dawk, tho only colonial representativo, won the first heat through Len Rose breaking badly near the finish. The other three heats were won by Len Rose. A etent deal of time was wasted in starting the healB for thiB match, owing to the drivers of Gtnnncr and Brown Hawk not bringing up their horns properly, for whifh they we fined by the Btewards. The wiiner l8 a bnndBome grey horse,* bred in AmSfica, willi very taking action. Only two )ouiigsterB started for the Elwood Sea' ?>» which was won very easily I Niii Clifden She was put np for sui. > i boupht in for £31, of which tho club (rets ,i, Ei^ht horses started for the Borou-th Handi cap, in which The Ghost proved the victoi, after an interesting race. The St. Kilda Hurdle Raco brought out eight starters, Mount 1 abor and Napoleon being the moBt fancied. Nigger cut out the runniug, ni d held Ina place m front for about a milo and three quarters Mount Tabor fell near tho half milo post in the second round, Monitor fell coming down the bill from the far turn and broke his neck Ho rollod over on Kilby, and lay on him for some time, but tboui.li a great deal shaken, the jockey soon rccotercd sufficiently to walk back to the Btand Premier aleo fell at the same hurdle though Iluht got a bad fall, immediately he got on his legB he ran to the assistance of Kilby, and tried to free him from the dying horec As thero was no one near the spot, i was some time before this waB accomplished 1 he race was won easily by Songster A band of musicians on the ground helped to render the afternoon n pleasant one Iho following aro the particulars of the racing - MAIDEN TROT A Bwccp&lakcs; of 1 sov each with a jiureo of 25 sots addod Mr J Pitman a g g Dick, 2 yrs, by Young Aua trallan (Mlleorn) _ 1 Mr W D DunBtaii a bl g Australia, aged (Dunalan) 2 Mr V J ltoddj ns Uaj | y Jock aged (Rodd}) _ 1 Mr J Konoseh gSnlklrk, aged (Uovvo) 0 Mr J A RobertBa b m Tho Jewess, Of,od (Muí holland) _ - 0 Mr W Bland arm Wasp aged (Allough) _ 0 Betting -2 to 1 »gat Happy Jack, 8 to 1 agst Aua tralla 5 to 1 agst mi y other Soon altor gettlnj. away Dick wont to tho front and by tho time tboy had gono half a milo tin hnd a load of fully 00 jarda, Australia Wasp, and nappy Jack wero next in that order tbo others wore a tong way bebb d Dick held lila placo In tho front for tho rcBt t>f tho dlBtance and won by about half a dozon linKths Australia was Bccond, Happy Jack waa a bad third, Wasp was noxt TI mo, Cm Sjs rmtsr op 10 sovs lor 2 40 class with a sweepstakes of 3 got g each Milo bents Best thrco In five Mr J A Roberts a rt li Len Kobo (Imp ), C yra, by A W Ulchmoud (Mull olland) 9 1,1 1 Mr J Bobbins br g Brown Hawk, aged (Rob bins) 12 3 . .2 Mr G O Hall ab g Orangor (Imp) ni,cd (Shop pard) 3,8 2 _ _ _ 3 Dotting -After tho second heat, any odda on Lon Rose Hret Heat -After a weariEomo delay, caused by tho drhors not I ringing up their borées toc.etlior, a fair start was effected, Len Bobo, on tbo InBldo being stlghtlj In advanco Boat dtog tho first turn Grantor went to the front, Brown Hawk taking second placo LwiRoso wbobroku was abont 20 yards behind As the} ncared ti o half milo poet Brown Hawk went by Granger, anil Lon Roso was Improving lila poBltlon Hounding tho far turo Brown Hawk broko but did not loio 1ho lead, and Boon alter Grangor broko and was paesr-d bj Leu Rose, who mado a fino raco up the ßtintfjit, but broko badly near the post, and wasboaton by 20 jardo Timo, 2m 43{a Si coud Heat-Iho horBCB wont away fairly to getlior Grangor leading round tho tura, whcio Brown Hawk and Len Robo broko the latter loslug a doal of ground At tho quarter of a milo poat Len Bobo put on a Uno spurt and wont up to first place At the half milo poat Lon Rose lind a load of fullv 60 yards wl leh was lncreasod to 00 jarda at tho tliroo quortei u Ho i oat Len ItoEo carno in an easy winner by 2r jatds having, 1 roleen as Ho ontcrcd tho straight Brown Hawk waa second, and Granger till id Timo 2m 30JB Th'idHoat - Grangcrgotthobcatof tlioatart Brown Hawkbioko badly mid 1 Btadcalnfgroundasthoy wont dud) Rounding tlio Hut turn I on lioso wont to th fiont, and at the I alf milo ho had a load of fully 60 jnids Gtaneor wau next and Brown Hawk waB following after a cop of 25 jards Len Robo hold bin place all iho way home, and won by 00 yards, Giangor Bccoid u thort neck In front of Brown Hawk Timo ¿m 40J8 Irurth Heat-Grangor led away Brown Hawk broke Imino Iiatcly otter starting, and waa Bomo time (.cttlnc, fairly Into his Btrtdo again Rounding the first lum Li n Robo went to ti o front, and holding lil» \ lace all tho way, won comfortably by 25 yards Brown Hawk and Grangor Qnlabod In that or lor, ti o earno dl&tanco; separating thom Timo 2m 4 Ile TEH ELWOOD STAKES, Of m sots A soiling race for two yoar olds FiT furlongs Captain Halmeea eli I Miss Clifden, by Proto Mart] r-Lady Clifden, £20 (Bandore) 1 Mr M Grlflln's b c Milparinka £00 (Road) _ 2 Tho pair wont away togothor, but very soon Mita Cllfdoii drew to tho front and making ovory poat a winnini, post won hard held by about 00yards. Timo, Im Bia THE BOKOUuH HANDICAP, Of 60 sovs Tliroo quarters of a milo Mr K WcckB ro h Tho Ghost, 6 yrs, Sat 121b., by Tregeagle- Ada (Musgrave) _ _ _ 1 Mr W Langloy s ur o Stationer, 4 yrs, Get. 81b (Brown) ____.. _ Î Mr 8 Miller a br f Cooroona, 4 yr«, 8st (Burton)- » lion L L Smith a b m Haidee of tbo Hiliu, 6 j re, 8bt lib (Tattoreal) _ - 0 Mr It JohnBton ob bl Queen Mary, 4yrs,7et 121b (Bandore) _ _ _ 0 Mr It J Heywood s b m Rebecca, 0 yra, 7Bt. 01b (Heywood) « - . - 0 Mr A Saqula b g Drumstick, 3 yrs, Oat 121b (Cracknell) _ - .0 Mr W Simmons na bl g Towong, C yra, Ost 121b (Cope) _ - 0 Dotting -7 to a aest Drumatkik, i to 1 agst S ta tloncr, 6 to 1 each agst Tho Ghost and Coroona Corcona, on tho InBldo, fioomod to havo tho host ot tho start, Queen Mary and Towong got away vory badly Bcloro going far Btatloner rusbed to tho front, Drumstick bolng second, with Cooroona at tbo head of. tho otbers next tho ralla Tlio horses ran In tho earoo order till they carno down tho hill at tho far turn, whero Ghost wont np to Stationer Tho pair cloarod out from iho o'bers In the straight, and at tho finish Ghost carno away and won by a littlo ovor a, oouplo of cnetta; Cooreen» was third, six longthjion, Quoon . sr) and Ifnldro ' f iho Ullis were next, Towong waa last. Time, lm 25s ST KILDA HANDICAP HURDLE RACE, Ol 1)0 aova Til o miles aud a distance Mr F Sullivan's b g Song-tor, by Glorious Son.Elrcs., 5 yrs , 9-t 41b (A M'lnnes) - - 1 Mr T Coffey- b g Napoleon, 0 ira, O.t 01b (Crea) _ " _ 2 Mr K « coks, ch g Rod Itovor, fl yra, ll.t 101b (rioyd) .. . "3 Mr T Jones ah g Monitor Ovia list (Kilo)) 0 Mr G Ci I in* a b g Mount Taboau, _)ra, Oil 121b (Batt)) _ . . 0 Mr II Batty s 11 g Stormbird, aged Ost Olli (Wall) 0 Mr J Duht i 8 ch h Picmlor, 0 v re, 9jt (Hum) O Mr M (Milln's bl g Nlegcr, agod Oat (Heady) _, 0 Bolting-0 to 2 oach agat Mount Taboau and Napo lo-n 6 to 1 ae,Bt Red Rover, 0 to 1 agBt Songster 21 ofield wont aw ay well togothor, Stormbird holng tho first to ehow in tho lead, Mount Tal eau ami Mgger being next Aller piBslng tho stnnd Nigger wtnt to ti o front, and soon had a strong lo&il; St rni bird, Songster Napoloon, and Mount Tahran vv ro next lu that order and close together Red llover wv* last. Nigger hold his lead alonjr Iho hack strotcll and down tho far hill At tho stand _<iiici,or had \ lead of about three lengths Napoleon M mut Taboau and Monitor vvcro next and nearly lovel, Storm-lr 1 had fallen back to lost place Nigger Iel round tlio turn, Moultor, Napoleon and Mount T-baiu were next snd very closo up At the hnlf milo post Mount Tabtau fell Hounding tbo far turn Songster went to tlio front, with Monitor, Napoleon, and Rod Rover clofoup Thopaconovvliccvnio vor) fast At tho next hurdle Monitor fell and broko lila neck, mid Premier fell at tho samo ilaco In li o straight Songster carno away, »nd won easily by fivo leiigtlia Napoleon was second, and lied Rover third Time, 4m 17_s TRAINING NOIES AT TLEMINGTON The work performed by tho Normanby Stakes' and Champion horses on Saturday was of an interesting description Commo- tion did a strong1 gallop twice round the ground in a Btyle which loft a very fuvour able impression with the onlookers Darebin was on iho truck, but he dut not appear to be able to bound along in his usual Btylo Jeasio did some fair work '1 ho gallop of the morning waa done li) Guesswork who strode his CrBt lime round m 2m 32., and the .econd one in 2m 33s, running over two mileB and a quarter of ground in lm 8a ThlB is a rattling performance Segenhoe and Middleniarch had mild exercise, the pair ha- niR done a good gallop on tho 1 nday afternoon, the colt running five furlongs in a fairl) satisfactory manner and the Champion horse Blrodo over two milos of ground at a good gallop Narina also stretched out at her nest pace over five furlongs, but she did not seem to pleaso some of the onlookers, though the filly looks in the pink of condition Warwick was treated to centering wotk Tichborne strode over five fnrlonga, dis plBjing good form The following horses arrived during tho afternoon from St Albans -Off Colour, Mia taken, Belmont, Little Jack, Llttlo Sister, and Signor Mr T WilBon brought from Bal larat Odd Trick and Bntishor, and Mr Howie Koh i noor P Heywood brought on the ground Caima, St Lawrence, Duenna, Dhur nunile, and Chuckster Yesterday morning, äffet doing a cantor, Morrison sent Commotion a brisk gallop once round the tan, the big horse moving with freedom Phil Heywood cantered Caima ronnd the sand, when Chuckster joined the Champion horse, the pair doing a good vork. mg gallop once round the track, the son of Yattendon going uncommonly well Ile is a very much improved animal since the spring carnival Mr W Dakin Bent Guesswork for a canter, and the colt afterwards went a round on the sand, going well Jessie did mild exercise St Lawrence and Duenna did nice pace exercise m company, whilst Dhurringile did a good working gallop on the sand for a couple of rounds Odd Trick, looking bright, waa doing cantering exercise Britisher, uorking with Lady Hampden, did fair exercise twice round the sand 'Ihe St Albans string cantered in company twice round the ground, the lot looking %ery well Warwick was doing only mild work Segenhoe, Middlemarcb, Dare bin, and Narina wero walking Mr 1 Cooks colt Iichbome was treated to a sharp canter Lesbia, Colowort BasBanio I idalma, Monsoon, Lepor, ContesBina Magnet, Angle- sey, Lapstone, Croiolanus, Dunstan Cracks man, Gambier, Basilisk, and set eral othor horses engaged in to day s racos were having some sharp eierciso 'Ihe Williams town string of horses arrived jeaterdaj.in eluding Sweet William, Navigator Solitude Koeo d Amour) colt, Nightlight colt, btates man, Plunger, Sylvanua, aud Gudnr? aud thej aro located at the Racecourse Ilotcl I TITL aUUI IN 1ASMANIA I We ! ,irn from our Hobart correspondent I 'iPf'l .t-i is a good deal of interest taken by n sp itvii.7 fraternity in the Campania i I ( .e, which is to bo run for on Now Year's I Day. The Assyrian heads the list with list. 121h . and then comes Sheet Anchor with 8st (iib. A close race is anticipated between tie io two, and the knowing one's seem to vhinlc '! .it tho Melbourno Cup winnor will have ah his work to beat Sheet Anchor. At he Carrick KaceB ou Boxing Day, Shoot Anchor with Ost up beat Hobart (7st. Dib ) eaBily for the Carrick Plate, wiuning bj about three lengths. The distance was two tínica and a distance, and the tuna Im. Ib. Now, as The Assyrian will have to give Sheet Anchor 1st. Gib. on New Year's Day, thero aro many who think the hitter's chanco a very good one." 