ECHOES OF.; ELIOURt'E, [BYTunEsHO)T.) [Y Tl oo.]' 6Oct. 3. : If ihe business of the country is pusoed on during the next'few sittings of 'both branches of the Legislaturo as rapidly as during the pist weolk,theroie some chance of the sresion closing in the middle of November. The Ministry are desirous that the labours of the session should torminate as soon after the first of next mnonth ase possible. But it is doubtful whether they will be able to sail into the desired haven of recess as soon. as they wish. However, if they succeed in passing the Railways Msanagement and tlie Civil Service Bills, and placing thie Post-ofice Amendment Bill on the Statute-book, the Government will have earned their holiday. This last-named ineasure is really dne in which the public ar more directly interested than in either of tihe two others, which are, according to choice, the wagtns opus of the session, for even the small boon of being able to use the same class of stamp for cheques, receipts and letters will of itself be a great advantage to the community. The Assembly has been engaged on the Civil Service Bill, which during the week has monopolised the' attention of hen. memnbers to the exclusion' of all other public business.' Private business has, however, made good progress, tand the Literary Association Bill, thoi Matrimonial Causes Bill, the Courts of Conciliation Bill, and the Employer's Liability Bill, ihave all beet advanced a stage, some of them passing through the final ordeal ofa third reading. The lion's share of tihe legislative work has, however, been performed by the Conncil, who, after slaughtering Mr. Coppin's Homestead Bill byrejecting it on. the second reading by 10 votes to 14, passed the Harboui Trust Bill, the Literary Associations Incorpora tion Bill, and the Railway Loan Bill. They have, moreover, aifter a short debate, insisted upon their amendment in the Railways Management Bill. But of this, as the novelists say, "more anon." The result of the Emerald Hill election is looked upon as a foregone conclusion. M1r. Vsle is to head the poll. Were wager ing'permiasible on elections the odds qould be ten to.one in his favour. " The Cabinet' has tempered justico with mercy in the case of Mr. Bolamn. "1ecg. nising thie truth of the averment that "who drives fat oxon should himself be fat," the Government has decided that to retain the Inspector-Genoral in a position where he i is virtually, in regard to the male and I female teachers of the department, a| censor morum, would be somewhat of an i anomaly ; so he is to be provided for else. where, or permitted to retire and receive the ordinary compensation. Itis not every I insuccesisful litigant that is as fortunate ] as Mr. Bolam. • ,Can it be that the iminnoulate Coalition I Ministry meditates the perpetration of a i little patronage job ? It almost looks like it from a "feeler" in the shape of an ( 'inspired " paragraph that has appeared I 'ih the Molbdstirno papers, setting forth that in all probability the Government will not select the two additional police magistrates, for whom provision is to be I made on the supplementary estimates, from the senior clerks of the Bench, but I confer thie appointments on some of the t oficers whosoe services will be dispensed sith under the provisions of the new Civil Service Act. The antipathy of the Sec rotary of the Law Department to some of E the gentlemen occupying the position of I clerks of the Bench is well known, and it is equally a matter of notoriety that Mr. s Harriman "bosses" Mr. Kerford, even I in a larger degree than he " bossed " for- f ther'AttoeneoysGeueral. It remains to s lie seen, however, whether the Ifinistry, I as a whole, will be made the tools of the astute Law Secretary. The followers of Zoroaster have installed "Ahriman" as I the genius of evil. The coincidence in the name of the dark personage with that.' of the permanent head of the Law Department is worth noting. The example of some leading members of Parliament, in dropping the letter 3, has t only to be followed, to render tie I appositeness of the name completo. The c position occupied by the Mr. Ahriman I in the Persian demonology, and Mr. Har riman in regard to the ollicers under his t control, renders the coincidence even 1 more remarkable than it otherwise would t be: Will some iron. member of an en quiring turn of mind elicit the intentions of the Government in regard to the s rumnoured appointments ? Happy, thrice happy, the people whose hliquor is unadulterated, and whose Hen- I nessy and Martcll and-JDKZ are not I rmanufactured etnder 'the shadow of I classical Warrenheip, or in the " pur loins" of prsnaic .Prahran I Lot New i South Wales rejoice exceedingly over her 1 .pure grog.' Whilst in Victoria, during the past twelve months, there hare' been I no fewer than 133 convictions for selling liquor from bottles that had been fraudu. I lently roe-filled or falsely labelled, and costs and fines to the amount of £1300 beon inflioted on peccant publicans, there has not. been even one solitary offender haled to the New South Wales Police Courts ! Either the police, across the border are not such expertjudges of "PB" and whisky as our own force, or those who conduct the liquor trafic are infinitely more honest. At any rate the matter is I oise that deserves chronicling. If the public have nIot during the week boon enabled to "sup full of horrors," they have at least been able to indulge in I alargeo amount of the sensational at their "afternoon tea." There hlas been the I murder at Morrison's, where a half- ] witted woman battered her drunken husband to death with al adezo; an attemspted murder at Emerald Hill, where I a lady in endeavourlng to administer the quietus to lhorliege lord and master with a pistol, lodged the bullet in the body of another individual, and the sensational attempt at suicide in the Uank of Vio- 1 toria. All these episodes occurred so as to I enable the metropolitan evening papers to I be the first to publish the nosbs;and it gooes without saying, they "improvoed" the occasion." - Apparently the good people of Haw; thorn and'Fitzroy are not much': troubled ! in mind in respect to the annoexatiohl 'question or the danger likely to follow an influx of French convicts into the New ;Hebridos. Meotings convened ' by the mayors of their respective localities have had to be adjourned for a week, owing to the paucity of attendance. By the teo theo. conference meets at the close, of November, the' iron, which the proverb alleges ought to be struck while hot, will have cooled considerably. Even now the questions are hardly in the category of "burning" ones. There is no improvement to note in regard to the attendance at the various theatres. People are avidently reserving their spare cash for Cup week, which is generally the chief harvest time for the purveyors of public amusements. "Jo" has held the boards at the Royal, but is to give place to "The Grasshopper" to night, when "CIamille" is to replace " The Living Statue" at the Bijou. The Montague-Turner Company, on Monday, give place to a now troupe, comprising those old favourites Annette Ivanora, Appleby, Kelly, Knight, Anton, Jose phine Deakin, and Verdi, and Miss Emolio Melvillo is still treating the public to the highly spectacular opora, "Prince -etlhusalom." Mr. Moncuro Conway's clover and intellectual lectures have been largely attended, the elite of Melbourne evidently considering it "the "correct thing" to grace them by their pereence. It' is a good sign, and evi ddnces robust mental health in a corn munity when gentlemen of the undoubted mental calibre of Mr. Conway are pro. perly appreciated. 