IEAL AMERICAN" GHOST S T © R Y . inn County. r,f the State of Iowa, there oce a well-to-do farmer, whom we i Mr. 1 . He was a PenDEylvanian b. bat had married aad reared a Urge in Ohio, and when he emizrated' to re only child remaining at home was a er bjm to the farmer and his wife liffe. a.ni3 Tnpi pnterrr-r' her trnwi r- "jvea to wbzt was then culled the "est v A t the time of the occurrence Mat to reUte. this daughter, who was crmat, was about eighteen rears of jse eveaiur in early eg mm er. the men ddz had ratherea to milk the cows. mer eto&d; near by feeding tbe pigs. £ daughter was helping the maids, ry to the geszI enftom the cows had u enreu i sm their yard, bat stood aud sear the public road, which was werer. in these early times much fre- i. It was a peaceful pastoral scene hich the declining egg threw his last the mild eyed cows chewing their cud y. while red-cheeked Phyllis and t Corydwa relieved them of thor reaeure. Bat suddenly a nciae. as of ' waggon furiously driven, broke upon Lness. coming nearer and nearer, qntfl terisg of the horses1 hoofs and the cf the wheels could be distinctly Mr. G called out to the nrilkera had better get out of the road ; I » runaway if coming and with that hdrew to the ride, though as yet \- wss zo be see a. Bat there was "no d of the noise which approached with ag velocity, and was by this time ibresst of the startled hearers. And i dumb creatures bgan to show Eigne stakab'e terror ; tbe cows fiang their high, aud, with piteous bellowing c5f ioto the eurrounding woods whBe i tore aro-od their enclosure sqcealing on distracted manner. Oaly the creatures eio-jd their ground with eye which saw no hing and blanch- sks wbi?h told their fear of this in- presenee. Having arrived at that the road opposite :he fence, the noise nassec through a stake-aud rideri' srery rail of which seemed to fall, tot'e horrible confarion. though to ifall remained seenre, traversed the d. Ftruck against the fence which :ted the pig-pen. passiDg in so doing a few fe-t of Mr. G- , who stag- tck and fell to the ground. Nnd then, mi&eion; was accomplished, it turned ptly, ran through another fence, and. r into an cnosed woodroad, gradually '"ay. Meantime, attracted by the : rs. G came out of the bncap, call- hat i the matter? whose team is : away t" When someone answered .ad teen n-#.hing she grew pale :1 aimed "Which one of as does 1 V Iz was her known belief that her alwaye received some warning of :hing death, though neither hasbuid igbter shared in the superstition. As ahe 'earned that the manifestation directed especially against Mr. G— — jDce made up be r mind that it was he juid be ca-Ies :or. Xor did her fears i her as m ten days from that time the who was arsis irg in diggioc a well nlaoe. was ovcrwLe'med by the earth in and falling up.n him. He died afterwards from the iojaries re- 