Jjnraraieni Coptta! TEE COMING GREAT BA.TTLB. SIR STAFFORD NORTH- COTE, in the Interests of the Conservative party, it paying a of Ireland, and if we may believe the cable messages reporting hit progress, he is everywhere well reoeived. As one of the leaders of the outs, he would, of course, be dismally oraoular. He would improve the oppor tanlty by condemning the Liberals and all their works, and having thus prepared MB ground and bis audience for a still more important deliverance, he would naturally predict the worst passible consequences from the disastrous policy of the present Government. As a matter of oourse all this would occur, and equally as a matter of course he would connect the coming evils with the fortunes of those he was addressing. It would be his policy to excite their fears, and then win their confidence by pledging his party to nndo, as far as possible, the mischief done by the Gladstone Ministry, A cable message in the Argus of Wednesday enlightens us as to how this coming man proceeded with his work. There was a villainous paragraph in the Times lately, in which it was said of the Monagban election that the National League won with its agricultural trump, but that there wt re other oards hidden in its hand which it would play later on, with the object of driving " the stranger" out of Ireland, and restoring his possessions to their original Celtic owners. We may be sure that Sir Stafford Northcote worked on the fears and passions such a suggestion would be most likely to arouse. He is much too astute to do this clumsily and brutally, after the manner of the Times, when its object is to arouse the bigotry of the North by using language congenial to its character. Sir Stafford's method would differ from that, and so he applied the torch by telling them that, in his opinion, "England was on the eve of a great battle to maintain the union of Ireland with the rest of the United Kingdom." Had the political prophet been leBS ambiguous bis prediction would be more satisfactory. But the oall to arms would be less effective if the alarmist were more expliolt in his language. If he meant that the battle would be to dissolve, on one side, and maintain, on the other, the legislative union between Ireland and Great Britain, he was in that sense oorrect. If he meant anything more he was raising a false alarm ; and if he gave his hearers to understand that the battle would be fought with military weapons, hiB prediction was still more falBe and reprehensible. A battle for Ireland's rights iB already proceeding, but on the side of Ireland it is conducted by striotly legal and constitutional means, and the Irish National League is neither so criminal nor so foolish as to meditate a resort to other weapons. Every intelligent observer of the course of events must see that the moral power of the Irish people is growing every day, and that it is certain to become irresistible. It may seem to Sir Stafford Northcote that it will become necessary to resist it by force, and that he was preparing the Orangemen of the North for snch an eventuality. The government of Ireland through the British Parliament is a conspicuous and disastrous failure, but, rather than honestly confess a truth that is so obvious, and consent to a change that would benefit Ireland without weakening the empire, Sir Stafford Northcote would put the constitution aside, trample on the liberties of the Irish people, and resist their legitimate demands with horse, foot, and artillery. This, if we mistake not, waB the Conservative message which he delivered to the Orangemen of the North. But, as his hand is npt yet in, it is not yet certain that, even if he were a party to the game, he would find it quite so easy as he supposes to move exactly as he contemplates. ANYTHING moresbocbing SECULAR in secular literatute than .LITERATURE, a sentence which appeared in tho Age of the 9th inst. we have never met with. In a,leading article on Mr. N. Fitzgerald's evidence before the'Education Commission, that journal says, alluding to the Education Aot :— It takes no note of the religions divisions of the population, but simply regards every boy and girl as an animal capable'of being made to understand that two and-two make fciur, and that the knowledge of writing and reading has a praotical bearing upon this earthly life. This is no more than an open, unreserved confession of the ttuth, but the fact admitted is of a ^character to appal every man who is a Christian In deed, and not merely one in name. The Education Act merely regards children as animals 1 Its higheBt duty to them is to teach them that two and two make four. It has nothing to do with them as creatures of God, who possess souls on whioh His image 1B impressed. It has nothing to do with their moral responsibility or with training them to avoid evil and do good. It is under no obligation to cultivate their higher or spiritual faculties, and that being so the teachers under the Act have no concern with such matters. It is only required of them that they shall develop the mental capacity of the children for purposes somewhat similar, and not higher, than those for which horse and dog trainers work. The children are to be taught that two and two make four, but not their responsibility to their parents, to society, or to their God. They are to be compelled to learn their arithmetic, but the teacher is under no obligation to look after their morals. He is to regard them as mere animals, and they may grow up with their animal instincts under no selfcontrol whatever. The bitterest enemy of the secular system has not pronounced a condemnation of it more terrible than is contained in the admission of the Age. No one has prophesied of it greater evils than the Age's conception of it indicates as inevitable. No one has given the Act so blaok a character as that with which that journal has stamped it, and no one has heretofore revealed its horrible ungodliness and ugliness in terms so brief or more alarming. A BRIEF reference to " OBSERVER" the correspondence AND THE from the Argus, given " ARGUS." elsewhere, will not be amiss. For one thing, it will be seen from it that an alleged discrepancy in the evidence on the Catholic side, given before the Education Commission, is cleared up. There is complete concordance in the theological opinions as to the position of contumacious Catholics who persist in sending their children to the State schools, and we may remark that it would be a revival of one of the earliest errors con demned by the Church to maintain that a person, by grievously Binring, put himself outside its commuijiou. The Venerable Archdeacon Slattery, in his own trenchant style, most effectively deals with "Observer" on the question of doctrine, which is evidently one that is far above the reach of a writer so shallow and flippant. And Mr. Forbes, the secretary of the Catholic Education Committee, next does good service in proving to demonstration that there could be no foundation for " Observer's " charge that the burial circular was issued to swell the attendance of children at Catholic schools. Mr. Forbes is kind to the Argus in this matter. He indulgently omits to mention that the facts which refute " Observer's " statements apply with equal force to tbe repetition of them on which that journal rashly ventured with malice prepense. The facts which confound "Observer" cannot be less embarrassing to the journal which, in endorsing his misstatements, bore false witness against tbe venerable head of the Catholic Church in this colony. " Observer " and the Argus were in the one boat, and one is as much a sufferer as the other from its collapse. Il sometimes THE " AGE" AND THE occurs to US IRISH NATIONAL that we are LEAGUE. insensible to obligations under which the Age occasionally places Irishmen. But the nature of these occasions blunts our sense of gratitude. Only when the Age has occasion to exalt Liberalism at the expense of any other politioalor religions ism whatever does it make the least confession of truth on the Irish question. When its own hobby is not concerned, then it reviles Irishmen and their cause with all the bitterness it is capable of concentrating on such subjects, and we can hardly be ;blau»ed,. under these circumstances if we evince no gratitude for favourable acknowledgments. If these -were not made solely for the/purpose of stiffening the rickety supports of its own hobby, and - were not merely assaults on Conservatism in which Irish interests receive not the slightest 1 consideration, then we shoiild/be in some degree grateful; bnt knowing, we do, that in inch cases Irah quesfctnas are merely used as bullets, with, jwbich to Wound or slay enemies, , thereIB no reason why we should be thankful; for tbe service thus rendered. ; In firing at the Conservatives on ;Wednesday, the Age thus wrote:— ; Letus admit that ie is not responsible for the chaos to which Conservative misrule had reduced that unhappy island. Let us admit also that he is .not altogether to blame if his policy has failed signally, if the Land League still flourishes, if Mr. Parnell is stronger than ever, if sot a constituency will retnro a member who is not pledged to repeal the Union. We have only to test Dir. Gladstone's Irish policy by its inherent qualities. What we see about it is that it has had to be carried out by ooeroion, that the Land Bill is complicated and uneven, and requires to be interpreted by several thousand law suits; and that the uneettlement of tenure whioh it has created has produced a formidable agita tion in England and Sootland. The island is kept in order by soldiers and spies; the landlords are cruelly wronged; and the people are neither satisfied nor awed. Deduct all that is due to Irish turbulenoe, and there remains a heavy balance against the legislator. In this short extract almost everything the Irish National League insists upon is acknowledged. Something also is alleged which that body denies, bnt it would be going a little too far for the Age to subscribe to the Irish National programme without any qualification or' reservation whatever. As its history proves, that journal is quite capable of wholly reversing its policy on a Victorian question, but in such a community as this it has to be a little more cautious in dealing with Irish subjects. It would be rash on its part to advocate at any one time all and every reform for which the Irish party are agitating, but at one time or another it has pronounced in favour of almoBt every one of them. That is a safe course to pursue. It thus avoids shocking the prejudices of its English readers, and it manages to keep them on good terms by now and then launching out in a virulent attack on IriBh politicians and Catholicity, the inconsistency or hypocrisy of the proceeding not being in the slightest degree embarrassing to a journal quite capable of spinning round a circle in the short space of twenty-four hours. However, it may prove to be of some slight advantage that the Age, from any motive whatever, so unequivocally acknowledges the misgovernment of Ireland as it has done in this instance. IT has actually occurred AST that Orangemen have INDIGNITY. praised the Pope ! It IB reported :— The Rev. Dr. Craig, a noted Orange divine, addressing lately an exclusively Orange audience in the Rotunda, spoke of the Pope, not in the customary Orange figure of speech as " Anti-Christ," or the " Scarlet Lady," but aB the "Pontiff of the Seven Hills, from whom there had lately come to Ireland a message of conciliation and restraint, for whioh they should thank him !" Though the tiara may be compared to a crown of thorns, and the venerable head of the Church has to suffer many insults and humiliations, it never entered our mind that his Holiness would have to endure an indignity so great as this. What evil spirit could have prompted the faction to omit the chartered toast of "To h—II with the Pope," and induced them to patiently hear a brother praise the Holy Father ? Profanity from Buch a source would not shock us nearly so much, for it would be natural. An utterance of an opposite character causes that nasty creeping sensation which isBUggestive of danger, and instinctively we say, God keep us and ours from all harm. As the relations of France FRANCE generally with foreign AND powers become more pre- ENGLAND. carious, so will rise the menacing tones of each particular foe she has. The estrangement of Spain gives confidence to Germany, and the enmity of both these powers has a very perceptible effect on a swaggering section of the English press. Spain, that would be meekness itself to tbe Republic if Bismarck were not its enemy, is quite brave in demanding a larger measure of reparation from the French Government for an insult in which that Government had no hand. And now that Spain, under such encouragement, has bristled. up, English journalists are also putting cock's ^feathers in their hats, and are beginning to crow very loudly. With Spain, Germany and Austria supplying the land forces, England oould, with her navy alone, play the only part required of her, and that under present circumstances would be exceedingly convenient. We could have no great love for France as she is to-day, for we are disillusionised as to her condition. We have rejected the idea that her people are good though their Government is bad, and therefore should not grieve at her defeat if her humiliation brought her to her senses. At the same time, the braggart ways of some of her enemies, who would sing small were they singly opposed (o ner, is very amusing, Theirs is the bold- ness of the paok, not the courage of acknowledged that the pack ccu?d M complwh what the mastiff would not U so foolish as to attempt, and it is there fore not improbable that the barking chorus may come to a united attack ™ unhappy F la nce. Alluding to the siC toon, so far as England is concerned t£ Pans correspondent of the Age says During the incubation of these resmH. France devoted herself to alienating a Zj natural ally-one, at all events, that never backed out of what she promised, and never hesitated to speak out, and in time, regarding what she disapproved of. The unseemly^! gratuitously insulting attacks on England Z if she were a fifth-rate power, bare for ever laid the possibility of a future alliance between the two countries. England will hence, forth be independent, and if not German in her tendencies, will be, at least, indifferent She may be said to have " cut" France It required no ghost to predict what " has arrived. ' England had not certainly promised tohelp France when Germany was, as she believed, strangling her, but did England on that oooasion play the part of a " verv natural ally 1" At whose side firstWM there conduct calculated to weaken the alliance, and who received the first cause for alienation ? If ahe disapproved of what Germany did in wresting two provinces from her " very natural ally," and in imposing a war indemnity that was intended to permanently impoverish and weaken France, how did England speak out on that occasion ? Is her " very: natural ally" very much indebted toherfor herfriendlyofficeBin tbatextremity? That was a crisis in which France might have reasonably expected that her "very natural ally" would express her disapproval, and, as she did not " speak out," it was not unreasonable on tbe part of France to infer that she did not disapprove. The alienation did not begin with Madagascar, the Congo, Tonquin, or the Ne w Hebrides. It dates from the capitulation of Paris, and from several causes it has since become an estrangement that leaves no hope of a renewal of friendship for many years to come. 