THE HOSPITAL RESIDENT SUR GE0N. Mb Ingram is certainly making a bold attempt io cut the Gordian knot, in which the internal affairs of the Ovens District Hospital have become so miser- ably entangled. He has given notice " That I will move at the next meeting of the committee, that inasmuch as wo believe that the resident-surgeon does not command the confidence of the sub scribers to the institution, he be re quested to tender his resignRiion on or before the 24th July next." In this we recognise Mr Ingram's courage ; but we doubt his descretion or good judgment. It seems to us, that the motion cannot ' by any possibility or in any event mend -matters, while at the same time it places the question in a position of new diffi culty. , For, supposing it to be carried, the resident-surgeon will be called upon to resign in the avowed absence, so far, of any evidence that would justify such n demand. Under spnlj circumstances he vrould probably stand upon bis rights and refuse to comply, when the com mittee wonld be forced, in defence of their position, to proceed to his dismis gal. He would then in all human pro bability take the case into conrt, cn the ground tLat he was entitled to hold office, "daring competency and good behaviour," and it wonld be very q»es Uonable whether the committee would then be allowed , to produce evidence, even if they conld, which should h&w-; been forthcoming previous to their hav ing demanded his resignation. Ihere must be! sotpg solid ground for so extreme a coursy. t Has Mr Ingram such ground to go opoo--It is not sufficient, indeed, it is premature and rather pre sumptuous for Ml to attempt-to make the-eommittee du£l& that, " The Rerident' doe-mmand the l i_ n fill ni)Tji"i iiTVrii rnhivwIfrT"' i as th6 subscribers' have not yet had an oppor tunity of expressing any opinion on the subject, although Mr -Warren's Binivjd- ment., postponing farther considsrotion, until after the annual meeting won., g.v- them that opportunity. _ It wonld | quite open to the committee to declare that they themselveB no longer have con fidence in Dr Dobbyn, bm i> i- « hPonnsB impossible for them to say that the subscribers have not, or even that "they believe they h-»v 'f hey proceed to act on that supposition as if it were an ascertained fact. If Mr Ingram be allowed to amend his motion, which iB scarcely likely, as in any event, it must embarrass the committee, the chanceB are that the committee wonld not take it upon themselveB to condemn the Resident Surgeon, without an investiga tion, oven though they may feel very strongly with regard to the truth of the rumors. But, as we have said, even if they did carry an amended motion, the Resident Surgeon can, by taking no notice of the resolution, compel them to adopt the further extreme step, which would give him his remedy. It is no donbt a humiliating position for the com mittee to be placed in, hut they hesitated when a definite decision might have been arrived at, and some of them are now pursuing it apparently under a sense o. having been robbed of their prey. The committee are, in fact, now virtually powerless until they obtain the opinion and mandate of the subscribers as to any futHre action. In our last reference to this at un fortunate complication, we said if the matter were still proceeded with we would recommend a certain course which we then indicated. The affair is being fol lowed up, and we see only one way of arriving at some decision, which will be explicit, defiuite and conclusive. Mr Ingram's motion cannot by «'>v possi bility be carried in i s preset shape : In any other, it would i>- ti-ulfy inef fectual, unless the Resident Surgeon con sented to resign, which he is not m ttoe least likely to do under a stigma which he repudiates and which is nnproven, We would, therefore, with great respect, suggest to the subscribers that, at the next annual meeting, they might recom mend the in-coming committee to ask for an independent board to be appointed by the Govemor-in-Conncil, with power to summon and examine witnesses on oath, in respect to the charges against the Resident Surgeon as formulated by the sub-committee. This, and nothing less, will satisfy the public ; as an im- oression is gaining ground that Dr Dobbyn is bein unduly favored by one section of the committee and unfairly pressed by another. The committee ccnld act npon the finding of such a board without the slightest apprehension of ulterior consequences. It would also relieve them from a very unpleasant duty , which they could not by any possibility perform in a thoroughly satisfactory manner. As ii is quite evident the mat ter is not to be allowed io rest, let it, at all events, be placed in the hands of a nroper tribunal, concerning whose ver dict there can be no suspicion and no cavil. The interests of the institution now imperatively demand an authorita tive decision. Y icissitvDes or an Old Colonist. A correspondent informs us ("Pastoral Times"') of the death, in the Wagga dis trict, of a Sirs Brown, at an advanced age. The deceased lady had passed through many -vieiiMtiides during her long fife ; and iu the early days oE Doi.nhwofth, Vic toria, when the great May Day Hill rush was at the zenith of its glory, she must have been a witness of a remarkable event, which is likely to iive in the history of that well-known gold field. At the time referred to, her husband, familiarly known as " Tinker" Brown, was the proprietor of a circus which was performing in Beech- wortli, when the first election for the Ovens electorate was held, and when the diggers idol, Mr Daniel Cameron, was a candidate. According to the qualification for that position at those times, the mem ber had to swear that he was worth either £2000 or £2500 ; and as Cameron, who had formerly been a superintendent of police in Anderston, a suburb of Glasgow, at a very moderate salary, and as "poor as a crow," the amount had to be, and was, raised and presented to him. The election took place, and Cameron was re turned against a local chemist, of the name of Lyon. The wildest excitement prevailed, and amongst the follies perpe trated, was the hiring of one of the showiest of "Tinker" Brown's horses, with all the gorgeous circus trappings, upon which to mount the new member. Not content with thus mounting him, the Wuolshed " bosses," &s; they were called— Johnstone, Chandler, Lennie and Strick land — and the minor iiglits decided upon having a set of golden shoes fitted upon the animal. The shoes were actually made, and the horse 3hod with them, and Cameron made his triumphal debut before tlio delighted miners on a steed whose understanding was never before or since equalled. After the excitement, (subsided the shoes were removed, and they became the property of the circus propriotor, who presented them for years as a memento of tin period. After the death of Mr Brown thev became the property of -is widow. It has been stated by those who were in timate with the family that the golden hoops were treasured up in their original condition until six or seven years ago, when they were converted into coin of the realm. Mrs Brown has left considerable wealth, for division amongst the remaining living members of her family. Gold in Pennsylvania. — The present craze for discovering new gotdfields lias infected Pennsylvania where a seam of gold-bearing quartz is said to have been discovered last month at Myerstown, a small villiage on the Lebanon branch of the Reading Railway. The v fin has beeu discovered on the farm of Dr Swoitzer, a resident of Philadelphia, and no expense has been spared to fully test the quartz taken from the mine. A furnace for smelling ore is to be erectedand machinery to crush the quartz has already been put up, which in connection with experiments made, has involved an expense of £1000. The excavation made has reached a deptn of thirty feet, and "the deeper we got," as "the chemist remarked,- " the richer is the ere." The excavation- made for the furnace is about fifty by thirty feet. A crucible furnace will also be constructed for trial, and the one that proves the I niost effective will be used in smelting the mineral rock. The operations are carried on by the Clerk Mining and Manufactur ing Company, who are employing seven ; men in quarrying the stones. A number j of bottles are shown which contain pre cious metaln of different kinds that have . bsen, as stated, obtained by smelting the j rock. Among these are gold, platinum, ! mercury, ana iridium. Yackandandah Atheneum.— The monthly meeting of the committee of the above institution was held on Monday , ' evening. Present : Mr Smart (president) in the chair, and Messrs Haig, Michel- sen, Cole, Jessop, Flood, Slausen, Ram- say, Graham and the secretary. The minutes of last ordinary and extraordinary meetings were read and confirmed. The treasurer presented the following ac counts : — Curator, £2 18s 4d ; Haig, £1 12s 6d ; John Gra ntand' Son, books, £2 1» ; binding, £3 6s 6s'; Sti:es, £1 193 6d; Younger, 9s; Cole, 3s. Mr Haig moved, and Mr Michelseu seconded, that the annual meeting of the members of the athenaeum be held on the night of 9 th July next.— Carried. Mr Micbelsen moved, and Mr Haig seconded, that Messrs Molyneux and Hattersley audit the books for year to July 1st, 1883. — Carried. Mr Michelson m«ved, and Mr FTnig seconded, that the thanks of the committee are due to Mr Smart for the able manner he has conducted the business of the athenajum during hi3 term as president.— Carried unanimously. A letter was received from Mr Stiles complaining of the harsh treatment he had received, by having the subscriptions to the newspapers removed from him, and saying that although lie always had the interest of the athenaeum at heart, he must do his duty ; instancing donations, and contributions, &c; ; and blaming the president for- starting a false report to the effect that he (Mr Stiles; was the cause of " The Gvens and Murray Advertiser" being withdrawn from the athenaeum. The president stated that Mr Warren, jun., told him in the presence of witnesses that Mr Stiles was the cause of the paper being stopped, Mr Haig moved, and Mr Graham seconded, thai the letter lie on the table. Carried. Mr Jessop informed the committee that when he was in Melbourne lie saw Mi- Kenny, who told him that he had seut the birds, &c.;, per carrier, and thought they had reached Yackandandah. To his (the speaker's) intense astonishment and cha grin, however, he found out that tliey had keen delayed and left in a damp place, being thereby utterly ruined. Mr Cole said, with reference to a proposal to sub stitute the " Boy's Own" and " Girl s Own" papers for the " \ ictorian Review, that it would be better to let the matter stand over until the annual meeting, when the new committee conld deal with the matter. The meeting then adjourned. Accident. —Mr George French en Wednesday last met with an accident. While engaged in loading a dray with firewood on his land at Wooragee, the load capsized, and some of the logs of wood falling upon Mr French broke his leg. The sufferer wa3 taken to his home, where his leg was set, and lie is now progressing satisfactorily. Ovens District Hosittal. — The list of subscriptions to the above institution during the past month, amounting to £179 2s Id, appears elsewhere. The list is the longest one, for a month, that has ever appeared in our columns. It includes subscriptions from men engaged in the three principal mining claims at Chiltern — the Chiltern Valley, the Federal Standard and the Star— comprising 239 names. A Closed Treasury. — During the past two days complaints, numerous anil loud, have been made respecting the action of the receiver and paymaster (Mr Brett) at Beecliworth, ia having on Wednesday afternoon left for Melbourne without mak ing provision for the payment of public accounts at the sub-treasury in his absence. Serious inconvenience has been in niany instances caused, as besides bringing several persons residing at a distance — from Stanley, El Dorado and other locali ties — into Beecliworth on a fruitless er rand, to-day (S -.turday) i3 the date of the half-yearly balance at the banks, and thoso persons for whom money was lying at the treasury were desirous of placing the amounts to their credit, but, as above stated, have been prevented from so do ing. We are not aware whether Mr Brett, was called away on public or on private business, but we must say that lie has treated persons having accounts with the Government in a verj' cavalier manner, which, naturally, they warmly resent, and we believe that the matter will not be al lowed te rest where it is. During the time of the holding of the district Courts of Assize when he. as sheriff, was on cir cuit, Mr Veitch, The senior clerk in the office, was appointed acting receiver and paymaster, and iu the performance of the duties of that position gave every satisfac tion ; and why, in the present instance, we would ask, was not a similar course pursued? Mr Veitch telegraphed to the department on TVursday, asking whether he could sign the cheques on behalf of tlio receiver and paymaster, and received an emphatic reply in the negative-. This, we must say, is the first case .brought under our notice in Beecliworth of a public ser vant thus deigning to treat the public as though they were his servants, and an ex planation of his conduct is demanded from. Mr Brett. Subscriptions to the Ho.sriXAL.--Mr West, the collector, desires to acknowledge the receipt of a cheque for £20 from Messrs Law & Co., the contractors lor the Evcrton ts Myrtleford railway line, sub scribed by men in their employ towards the funds of the Ovens District Hospital : and also of the sum of £7 4s 6d, from Mr Williamson, of Running Creek. Coronation Day. — Thursday was forty- fifth anniversary of the coronation of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, and it was ob served in the customary manner. The Diamond Drills. — All interested in the developement of reefs wi'i ; - pleased to learn that the amended diamond drill regulations, which the Government have had under consideration for some time, will be gazetted shortly, and it is understood that they will provide for the management ®f the drills being practi cally handed over to the companies using them, the Government to bear half the working expenses. Now is the time for the people of these districts to make appli cation for the use of a drill to test io a depth some of the grand reefing country known to exist in many parts. .Municipal Rolls. — It is else when- notified that the voters' lists for the Shires of Beecliworth, North Ovens and Yac- kai.ii.mdub am! the Borough of Kut- herglen may be inspected at the Council c-h mtbte s. Firs. — A fire occurred at Mulwala near Yarrawonga on Wednesday evening. A cottage lately held by James k Main, and owned by Mr Sandrnl, of Cor >wa, was burned to the ground. It is believed to have been insured. Sunbury Lunatic Asylum. — The Sunbury Asylum Board held another sitting on Weduesday, and considered the evidence taken up to the present. It was decided to prepare a progress report for presentation to the Chi. f Secretary, in order that he might deal with Dr Watkins and other officers of the institution who have been relieved from duty pending the inquiry into the charges mado against them, and which the board has now com pleted, says tha-V Arguo." ' Masonic.— The installation of the! Worshipful Master -of the Lodge of St.' lohn, No. 728, English Constitution, was hel l at the Masonic Hall, Beechworth, at high-noon on St. John's Day, June 24th, when Bro.- Past Master Dr W. A. Dobbyn, Past District Grand Warden and P.Z . was duly installed Worshipful Master. The ceremony was solemnly and impressively performed by Bro. Past Master D. Fiddes, Past District Grand R' gistar. The immediate Past Master, Bee. Joseph Wertheim, was then invested by the W.M. Bro. Past Master H. A. Crawford, according to ancient usage, duly invested the officers of the lodge, viz. : — Bro. Schultz, senior warden ; Bro. J. Goldsworthy, junior warden ; Bro. Past Master the Rev. Canon Howard, chaplain ; Bro. Past Master Tho3. Tanswell, treasurer; Bro. John Wilson, honorary secretary ; Bro. Richard Warren, senior deacon ; Bro. Thos. Sandham, junior deacon ; Bro. J. E. Bishop, inner guard ; Bro. Past Master H. A. Crawford, organist ; Bros. J. Duncan and F. Naumann, stewards ; Bro. Andrew Finnigan, outer guard. At the usual monthly meeting, held on June 21st, it was unanimously resolved by the members of the Lodge of St. John, No. 728, E.C., that the formation of a Grand Lodge for Victoria was uncalled for, and that it would be prejudicial to the inte rests of the craft — and, further, that the members of the Lodge of St. John, No. 728, E.C., desire to place on record their loyal adherence to the Grand Lodge of England. It was decided that a copy of the above resolution be forwarded to the Grand Lodge of England and to the District Grand Lodge of Victoria. Sale of the Late Mr John Turner's Proterty. — The auction sale by Messrs J. H. Gray and Co. of the residence and household furniture and effects of the late Mr John Turner, at Beechworth, took place on Thursday and Friday. The attendance was the largest seen at a sale in Beechworth for many years, there being over three hundred poisons present at one time ; in fact, it was found necessary to sell the furniture in ilio .'0011 air. The house, with 49 acres of land adjoining, was purchased by Mr Wm. tlyem for £325, and Mr A. A, Billson became the pur chaser of a quarter-acre allotment, unim proved, in William-street, for the sum of £11. The furniture and other articles submitted realised very satisfactory prices. Mr Archibald Forbes at Albury. — Mr Archibald Forbes, the celebrated war correspondent, gave an account of his experience in that capacity, at the Ex change Theatre, Albury, on Thursday evening, reports our correspondent. The lecture was listened to with great interest by the many persons present, and the item that the public seemed to appreciate most was the touching ana graphic de scription of M'Galian, the lecturer's colleague. Mr Forbes illustrated scenes from his fife in the Franco-German war, the Bulgarian e impaign and the Russian- Turco war, and liis interview with the late Emperor of the Russians, and finished up with the Zulu war, in which he had taken a most active part, and the death of the Prince Imperial of France. Mr Forbes stated that it was a curious coinci dence that he should have been present at what the Emperor Napoleon said was the Prince's baptism of fire, and be one of the first to find his dead body pierced by the assegais of the Zulu3. As a war correspondent, ;no doubt, Mr Forbes is at the top of the tree ; but as a lecturer his oratory suffers greatly in comparison with the brain powers neGessary to have made a hero of him as a war correspondent. It was expected that out of the abundance of his heart and mind his tongue would speak ; but nothing of the sort. Mr Forbes is provided with a reading-desk, from which he reads his exploits on the battle-field. The principal attraction is that the man, the hero of hair-breadth escapes on the battle-fields, is amongst us, and making money out of us. Take the man away, and we have a matter of history that can be read in a book. But certain persons — perhaps I am one — have been led away to that extent by the opinions of the press, as to believe that they would meet a man second only to Sir Garnet Wolaaley as a strategist, or to Gladstone as an orator. The disappointment seems to bo that Mr Forbes is not an extempore lec turer. I remember in 1S55-6, when the troops returned from the Crimea, it used to be my pleasure to walk round the camp and listen to the 3tories told by the soldiers, in fighting their battles over again, on Woolwich Common. It was there you heard the rhetoric and oratory of the bronzed warriors of Inkermann, Alma, and Sebastopol, giving tongue to the exploits of their comrades, living and dead. But in the relation of these ex ploits it was always " We did it" — not " I did it." Mr Forbes stopped once in his reading. It appears that the services of Dr Kennedy wra required, and the cour teous door-keeper (Mr Brougham) was j informing the doctor of the fact, when Mr Forbes, in stentorian tones, which re- j minded one more of the eommander-in- j chief than the private soldier, ordered Mr Brougham to sit down, and not to he j running about. He did not hear " Our .Tim's" repartee, or he wonld not have felt flattered. Dr Kennedy then retired from the hall. Mining Accident at Beechworth. — TvTr Martin May, the mining manager of the Rocky Mountain Extended Gold Sluicing Company, Spring Creek, Beech worth, met with an accident, although happily not of a serious character, on Fri day morning. Between half-past eleven and twelve o'clock, when working in a narrow gutter at the foot of a high bank 011 the company's claim, a quantity oi earth and rock fell : and n-ticing it com ing. Mr May moved back, being unable to >r t out , ,f the gutter, but was not fortu nate enough to rd together escape the fal ling ma3s, a quantity of which caught his legs, «ne or which - was much bruised, and, it is feared, the small bone broken. He was taken to his residence, on the Alhert-road, where Dr Skinner attended to his injuries, and ho is now doing as well as can be expected. Morning Train to Wodonoa. — On shd after Monday next a train will leave Albury for Wodonga at 6.10 a.m., arriv ing in time to catch the first train, for Melbourne. A One-wheeled Locomotive. — A Bal- larat mechanic is making a one-wheeled machine for locomotion, and is goiag to apply for a patent. Suicide. — A man employed as a laborer, i;s ihe service of Mr Gregson, of Gerogerv, near Albury, was found dead in his feed 011 Thursday, - with his throat cut from ear to ear. Au inquest was held on Friday. Lusus Natuile. — A correspondent of the " Albury Banner," at Yerong Creek, writes: — "On Sunday last I. saw a lamb with six legs, the two supplementary limbs hanging over on the right Bide of the animal." Linen Gloss, 8tir Brand (Rkqibthbed). — By using this valuable preparation linen and all fabrics may be jot as stiff as desired, and with a beautiful gloss. Linen Gloss, Star Brand (Registered), makes the linen clear nnd glossy, and prevents the iron from sticking. Sold By all Grocers. Packets threepence and boxes sizpeuoe. M. -Kennedv. agent, 93 Toarak-road, South Yarra. Mel. bonrne wholesale -agents — Gonnell, Watson j and Hogarth, and James Servioa and Co. I The English Mail. — The outgoing mail will close at 'the Beechworth Post office as follows, viz : — For foreign money orders 3 p.m., and for registered letters 6 p m. to-day, (Saturday) : for ordinary letters and newspapers, 10 p.m. on Sun day. Salts of Freehold Property. — Messrs Orr, Muggridge and Co. , 73 Queen street, Melbourne (in conjunction with Mr Alexander Tone, Wangaratta), report having sold on, account of Mr Robert Summers, Melbourne, the Killawarra pre emptive section, comprising 640 acres, commanding a frontage to the Ovens River, 11 mile3 from Wangaratta, to Mr William Glassenfeury. for the sum of £1400. Also, 501 acres situated in the parish of Greta, for the Union Bank of Australia, limited, at a satisfactory price. Concert at El Dorado. — A committee has been appointed, comprising teachers and other residents at Carragarmungee and El Dorado, to arrange for the holding of a concort at the latter place dnring July, for the purpose of raising funds for the purchase of prizes for the schools in the above-mentioned localities. The matter has been taken up with great earnestness, and all available talent will be levied npon. We are hopeful of success attend ing the movement. School Board of Advice. — A meet ing of the School Board of Advice for the Central Riding of the Shire of North Ovens was held on Saturday afternoon. Present : Messrs Newton (chairman), Fealy, Horroeks, Walker and Ward. A letter was received from the Education Department, with reference to the survey ui h st'uuyi sue av xiuuLueramoo, scaling that Mr Nixon had been instructed 10 attend to same. The correspondent stat d that the surveyor had been on the ground. »Y communication was received frour.Ylr W. Hall. M.P, stating that a school buildi'.'g at Moutherarr.bo would be erected on the .site selected as soon as possible after survc v. A11 application from resioeuts o( Spring- l-.urfit, tor the use of the schoolroom, for holding a concert, was granted, 00 tile j tnotiauof Mr Horroeks, seconded hv.Yfr Ward. The correspondent was requested | to call the attention of the department to j a promise not keut that the Sprioghurst | school site should be fenced in, and a-dring j that the work be carried out without j further delay. Mr Walker movrd .bar. > the attention of the Minister be called to j the fact that the inspector had n.t yet! visited the El Dorado school, re iinp.ovt- J merits absolutely necessary, urging th -.. i mutter be attended to. The motion was seconded !>y Mr Ward, and carried- Mr Ward moved, a .a Mr Walker seconded, that the chairman be appointed repre sentative of the board at the conference io Melbourne on the 17th July ; cu' rieil The various items on the busiue.-s p .n of the conference were carefully cmisiderc by the board. Two clauses were thought to be specially desirable: one beiug ih-t the fines should go towards the purchase of rewards for the children, instead of going into the consolidated revenue, and the second that it should be imperative upon parents to send written notice to the teachers in case of children kept from school. The other clauses were agreed to, with two or three exceptions. The meet ing theu closed. M.U.I.O.O.F. — The usual quarterly meetiug of the Loyal Beechworth Lodge was held iu the Oddfellows' Hall, Loch- stroot, on Wednesday evening, 27th inst. , thoro being between 70 or 80 members present; the Grand Master of the district, Bro. R. Warren, occupying the chair. The principal business af the evening was the reading and adoption of the auditors' report and balance- sheet, both of which were considered very satisfactory. After a considerable amount of other business was disposed of, a vote of thanks to the chairman brought the meeting to a close. The Mitta Mixta Company. — In a paragraph in our last issue, containing an extract from a letter received from Mr J. Mitchelson, of Beechworth, from Mr W. H. Green, of the Mitta Mitta Junctiou, respecting the above company, the words "showing gold" were omitted from the sentence stating that the reef had been struck on the 21st June. Tree- planting. — Duriug last week the Ilntherglen Board of Advice obtained some ornamental and umbrageous trees from the State nursery, and the boys' were busily engaged in planting them in the school play ground. The scene presented a very animated appearance ; as the boys, with picks and shovels, vied with each other in their eagerness for the work. To give additional interest to the occasion, the teachers and children took the oppor tunity of naming the trees after themselves, which fact will no doubt tend to make the day remembered :is a red-letter 0110 in the annals of the school. The result of all ihe exertion put forth, ia now apparent in ihe grounds being cleared of all stnmps, and in being enhanced by a double row of valuable trees, which, as they continue to increase in size, will be highly ornamental to the borough. A Literary Lady. — Mrs Cecilia Hamilton Hill, a lady who holds a high position iu the literary world, is at present 011 a visit to these districts, with the ob ject of ohtaining information respecting As resources; for a book of travel 0:1 which Mi.-, is e.rgji-ied, to be entitled " The Old World :ir<j the New," and to be published by a leading firm in Edinburgh. Mrs Hill speaks very highly of the courtesy shown lier by the Governors, leading citizens and squatters of the adjoining colonies aud Gippsland, and of their kind ness in supplying her with useful informa tion for her work, which will be illus trated. We trust that the talented lady will have occasion to speak in 'similar terras respecting her visit to thi3 part of the colony. Mining at Stoky Creek. — Messrs Ot.rrey Bros., who for some years past have been alluvial mining at Stony Creek, twelve miles from Beechworth, on Wednesday last made a discovery which is likely to prove very valuable, having come across a well- defined reef three feet wide, ninety feet in the alhivial. The existence of the- reef has been known for some time ; but it was looked upon as the wall of the gi.ittev, aud not considered te. bo gold- hi-aving. Some of the stone was knocked down oh Wednesday, and from it prospects of from a pennyweight and several specimens, upwards, to the dish werfc. obtained ; and it is estimated that the, reef will go between two and three ounces to the ton. The discovery has caused considerable excitement in the locality, and during the past three days claims have beeu pegged out to tho top of the range, for a distance of about two miles. Shocking Accident. — A shocking gun accident occurred at Bungendore, Now- New South Wales, ou Monday night. A young man named Crowley was examining a loaded gun, intending to go opossum shooting, aud not being aware it was charged, he commenced blowing down the barrel, the nipple being at the time close beside a, lighted candle. The powder, through his blowing it iuto the Same, be came ignited, and Crowley recemd tho full charge in the month. Death was. instantaneous, Mr Bromby at Wangaratta: — The Hon. C. H. Bromby lectured on " The English in Ireland" in St. Patrick's Hall, Wangaratta, on Thursday evening, to a good audience. The lecture was similar to that delivered in Melbourne and else where, ihough the language was more moderate than 011 those occasions. The Rev. J. Donnks —We regret to learn that the Rev. J. Donnes, of Yack andandah, who is suffering from an attack of pleurisy, is still in a low state. Dr Mueller, who is attending him, has ordered complete rest for his patient until the spring. Lecture. — The Rev. Father Beeciiinor delivered an elequent . lecture, entitled " A Man of Peaco and A Man of War," j in the Oddfellows' Hall, Beechworth, 011 Friday evening; to a fair, but apprecia tive, audience. A report appears else where. A Haunted House. — London " May- fair" in a recent issue, thus recurs to the " Mystery of Berkeley Square." The mys tery of Berkeley Square still remains- a mystery. We wt-re iu hopes that during the last fortnight a full, final aud satis factory answer would he given to our question, but we have been disappointed. The story of the haunted house in tho heart of Mayfair is so far acquiesced in by the silence of these who know tho whole truth, and whose interest- ir. is the whole truth should be known. The story can be recapitulated in a row words. The ho oho in Berkeley Square contains at least one room of which the ai oo.spliore is snperna- turally fatal to body .oid mind. A girl saw, heard, or felt, snch horror iu it that slm went mr.d, and lu v.u- recovered sanity enough to iell borv i- :-al -viiv. A gentle man, a I ievor in ghosts, daied to sloop in i:., ,usd was fomid a corpse in the middle of :ho re 1.0, after frantically ringing for help in Rumor suggests other caves of th-- s.-tmo kind, all ending in death, mr.dij-.'ss, or both, as tho result of sleeping, or '.vying to sin-, p in that room. The -.-ery party walis of the house when touched aro found saturated with electric horror. It is munhrhifed, save by an elderly viv-.fi and -.rom;- ,vko act as care takers, but oven these kr.ee. r.u access to the romii. 'ihk is kept ihe key being in the- IiaRde of s mysu-ri o 3 ;nd seemingly uainclo'as person, who o.- n.-s to the house omn every art months, locks up the elderly cettple in bAsenv;i.'fc, and then unlocks the r.'osn, and occup:-;;-. hbu-nh" h: i; for hours. Fiii -.ll .-, sko house — fch.iegh. in Berkeley Squ-\;:o -- is neither to he ht or sold. 1-3 mere outside shows it te 00 given o;> to decry. Shksf Trjat , — .Y crrnpetitlvesheeD dog tv.'.'l is o do held ::: 'Melbourne oa the 2?»th July. The r: ; ;t sili b- '"-ortho best all round workiiy? dog of .-.titer sex, ard Uw priz.-s v.-: ' bo — Fire;, £20 ; second, £5 ; third. Uu. fourth, £1. Enr.rie.-3 olos.i 7 :. M.V , :0:d the eu'ry free has been 5 .1 be. Extraordinary G..s.t or .Bigaivx. — A remarkable- oas o; nic-u.-'y heard at the Not. town IMic.- Ore- - on W: -hi.-sdiiy. reooris >"Ny. 1 ne-- ;-y -s-jg.y -, o: rim " Al-gus " ! ts a '.Ire ;!. '.:>stnoMil .D:tv, was e'r'rw wr!l =U: .vying £i iibuvi- io Kim' red, -.vi-n.-: brcugb: um, in the ship La '-logiii-. Hre tO-.-v.-ards named Emi 7 H j.rr'-re ii ' dae.h'-.re of pubheav ho ping Ore Bre -ny vr;ere 'Lotoi. on N over:1. <er 14. Obi "When 1 to. ret with th-- s :re-rei-.:re ' -,y dc-.i-.. ,uid tl,. i il.-at K z: ?f.;r)s- u was t'.-Mrri.-d to >i: B.u-Vnv, N -r « >:reesis. M>s Jai me wrote- to M ? g'f! M sou's father in JSugiftv! -: )< re-reive.: - reply enclosing a core-- >.' : .he ceriii-.: -to f marriage he- iwec-re D;.y and !rs are: r.:v . jr. Day still repn-ure.--; 0-o m.vr-iwv .-.1 declared that the t -o ehiidren re vs' ire in his name wore n -f ins. but v- re ; ureti red ihu at Barlow's rrque-o . M : s Dry, on cross- examnuioon, admit' ! ill .' she was the wifeof-T-an Barlow, lirii'vr.reher, having been m-n-ried to him at Boulogne, in 1873. Her husband was now in New Caledonia, aud as she euld not come to Australia with him, nor as a single girl emigrant, sin- had agreed with Day to come out as his wife, her husband having consented to the arrangement. She had lived in Sydney with her husband (Barlow), and intended tojoiu him in New Caledonia. She was sever married to Day, but had children by him. The Bench, notwithstanding this extraordinary evidence, committed the defendant for trial at the Quarter Sessions. . The Kelly Country. — Reminiscences of the Kelly business cropped up at the Lands D -p irtinent 011 Thursday, ill con- ncctin.'i with au application made to the Minister by the Shire Council of Yackan dandah. A deputation from that body, introduced by Mr P. B. IValh-.ce, M.P. , asked that a farmer named Banmgarten, at Barna-.vartha, one of two brothers own ing some 600 aere3 of freehold land at that place, might be allowed to select a small block of 30 acres adjoining his estate, this being the condition upon which Banmgar ten had consented to allow the shire coun cil to earrj' a road, which was most urgently required through his property. It was stated by the deputation that it would be of 110 use for Baumgarfen to select and peg out the area in question, as in consequence of certain allegations as to his having had relations with the Kelly gang the police would always raise certaiu objections at the local land board, although seeing that he and his brother were holders of freehold property, the possession of a fow acres of selected land in addition- could not isake him better or worse ; be sides which it was considered that the- ; "Kelly nonsense" had now passed away reports the " Herald." Mr Tucker, hew- ever, said there was a prinoiple involved in the case, that he did not like to infringe upon the rale laid down, that persons sup posed to have been mixed up with the outlaws would not be allowed to select. If they were allowed to- take up 30 aares there would be no valid ground for refus ing them permission to take up the full area allowed by the- Act. He would therefore recommend the council to have the land put np for sale. They would then bo able to purchase it at auction. The deputation agreed to adopt the sugges tion. The same deputation also asked for, and obtained, a ssaall piece of land at Yackandandah as a site for a new shire hall. A Lunatic Asylums Commission. — The Chief Secretary has, we learn from the " Age" under consideration the desira bility of appointing a commission to inquire generally into the management and condition of the lunatic asylums of the colony. The unsatisfactory state of affairs existing at the Sunbury asylum has already received Mr Berry's attention, and a hoard is now investigating sundry matters affecting the internal mananement of this institution. In connection with other asylums, some matters not im portant enough to be submitted to a special board require looking into ; and Mr Berry also thinks that there is room for effecting improvement generally upon the system now in vogue, and that these, together with other points, present a fair, field for general inquiry, from which im portant results may h» feoked.; for?-' No definite action will, however, bo taken in | this direction until tbe Sunbury board haa j concluded its inquiry. 