WINNING WAYS. [já Story in a Few' Chapters.'] CHAPTER VII.—(Contd.) MRS. BEX ON THE SUl'IÎRNATl'RAJ.. "Perhaps it was bis fiddlestick !" answered Mrs. Box, in a tone of sup reme contempt . " What's his ghost doing hanging round outside the ' Gun and A.nehor 'P What did Iiis ghost want to go cutting away as if the perlice was after it ? And what call have ghostes after they have gone—wherever they go—to cut off their mustacliers and whiskers? No youwou't get me to believe that the fust thing a ghost does is to get shaved, and WTap a coloured hand kerchief round hiß chin, bo as to come back to the world unbeknownst. It isn't likely." " No more it ain't—the old 'oman's rieht !" said Sam Bex, with the air of one who definitely settled a dis puted question. " But why, if Mr. Eric Kuightely is saved, isn't it in all the papers ? and why isn't everybody talking^, about it ? and why '' " You're always a-whying about the young lieutenant," said Jack Ewell in an aggrieved voice : " let him be." " Stand by ! cried Sam Bex, with a comprehensive wave of his pipe. " I've heard tell, and Jack Ewell here's heard tell, of them what the earth won't keep down, and the séa won't hold ; and that young fellow he was a wild one, he was. And ir.nybe, Jennie, these ain't so far wrong, aud there's summat on his conscience as has brought him back, mid they'll have to get theparsou to 'lay him—that's what they'll have to do." " Ay ay, that's about it," chimed in Jack Ewell. " Lay a broomstick about his back !': cried Mrs. Bex, with unwon ted Teh em en ce ; " as if a respectable woman wouldn't know a ghost when >ho paw one. I tell you Sam, and 1 tell you too Mr Jack Ewell (what's so ready to talk about what you don't 'änderst rax!), that young Eric Knightley is here in Portsmouth town this very evening, and and I'll tell you something more—he's after no good." " Perhaps he's after the young lady." " And is it Miss Haye P well, then, I hope she knows better what's due to her sex than to go taking up with a dead man what's come to life again," answered'Mrs. Bex, fanning her face with the end of her white apron. " Quite right, missis," said Sam ; " what I says, and what Jack Ewell says, only he won't speak, in just this : make up yonr mind, we says, make up your mind whether you're alive or dead, and stick to it.'' " That's the p'int," said Jack, ap provingly ; whilo, to protect Jennie from any possible unpleasantness, such as a visit from a denizen of an other world might occasion, he put ihis arm round her waist, with an assuring whisper. " My belief's just this," said Mrs. Bex: " the young lieutenant he's done something he's ashamed of—" "A many things," interposed Mrs. Bex. "And when he learnt as how everybody thought him drownded, he says to himself, says he, Let 'em think it,' he says, ' and I'll get a ■clear start with a new name, and no one be any the wiser." " Maybe you'ie right missis, may be you've hit it off. Sure enough if he hadn't been drowned he'd a-been court-martiallod for losing the Cen tipede, and been dismissed the service, so he don't lose nothing that way by being dead ; but if he don't want to be seen and recognized, what in the name of fortune brings him to Ports mouth, where everybodyknowsliim P that's what licks me." " Perhaps ho loves somebody very much," suggested Jennie, blushing ; " and when anybody loves somebody very much, anybody will do any thing." And then she coloured and made a feeble aud ineffectual protest against Jack's arm. " Perlito sooiety'8 all dodger mai-no," said Mr. Bex, sententiously ; " it aiu't nature. When any respect able able seaman, as might be me, has been a-keeping company with a young person, as might be her," and lie waved his pipe-stem in the direc tion of the wife of his bosom, " what «loes he do ? He walks out to the farm where she's to bo met with, the tbesameasldid,andhesays, ' Susan,' eays he—or maybe it's Mary or Jane —anyways ho says, straight above board aud manly he says, ' let's get spliced ;' aud shé says, if she's half a right sort, she say slap out, ' I'm willing ;' and then there's a hearty hug, and the thing's settled. That's the way with us." " And a very good way too," in terposed Jack Ewell. (To Is continued.) The Bulletin fathers this story, as a set-off to tlio Younir wedding cuff. In Victoria, Father Tom Barrett married a couple. The groom was bashful, and after the coremony stood looking at hie bride like a sou* hdown outsido a turnip field. Father Tom's ire rose, and on the impulse of the moment he shouted: " Why ! you omadhawn 1 why can't you i kiss your wifeP" Ba-ba thus adjurod, timidly osculated, as if ho feared the now jnissus would hite, and,the couple then ßlowly loft the'church, At tho great fire at Bourke on Friday night, 16,000 worth of property was des troyed. Kivkpatriok's storo, tne London Chartered Bank premises, and those of Mr. Novillo a solicitor, of Messrs. French and Go., and two ompty shops. Build ings valued at £5,000 ; stock destroyed £11,000. 111 con diary suspected. Mrs. Murray, wife of Kirkpatrick's manager, prostrated by nervous excitement. A little Pompeii in tho centre of France has been unearthed in tho neigh bourhood of Poictiers. It contains a temple 114 yards in length by 70 yards in breodth, baths occupying five acres, a theatre of which tho stago alone measures 00 yards on its longest sides, streets, houses and other buildings, covering a space of more than 17 acres. The exca vations of this Soman Gallic town, which are being continued, have brought to light more cdifices, sculpture in the very best style and in good preservation, dating, it is thought, from the second century, and a quantity of iron, bronze, and earthorn ameles. Valuable Discovert ron] inn Haiti—If your hair is turning grey or white or falling off, use the ' Mexican Hair Benewer,' for it ti'ill <ioisc!ess!;/ restore in every case griy or white hair to its original colour, without leav ng the disagreeable smoll of most ' Restor fcs.' It is as well for promoting the growth ri the hair on bald epots where the glauds are oot decayed. A sk your chemist for The Mexi can Hair Henewer,' sold by Chemists and Perfumers everywhere at 3s. 6d per bottle. Wholesale depot removed to 33 ïarringdon Road, London. Advice to Mothers.—Aro yon broken in your rest by a sick child suffering with the pain of cutting its teeth? Go at once to the Chemist's and get a bottle of M rs. Wiulow's Soothing Syrup. It will relieve the poor suf ferer immediately It is perfectly harmle ss and pleasant to tn6te, it produces natural quiet sleep by relieving the child from pain and the little cherub wakes as bright as a button. It soothes the child, it softens the gums, allays all pain, relieves tho wind, regulates the bowels, and is the best known remedy for djsentery and diarrhoea whether rising from teething or other causes, Mrs. Winlow's Soothing Syrup is sold by medicine dealers everywhere at Is ljd per bottle. Flomune !—For the teeth and Breath. A few drops of liquid Floriline sprinkled on a tooth-brush produce a pleasant lather, which thoroughly cleanses the teeth from all parasite or impurities, hardens the gums, prevents tartar stops decay gives to the teeth a particu lar pearly whiteness and a delightful fragrance to the breath. It removes all unpleasant odour arising from dccayed teeth or tobacc smoke, ' The Fragrant Floriline,' beiug com posed in part of honey and swoet herbs is de licious to the taste and the greatest toilet dis covery of the age. Price 3s 6d, of all Chemists and Perfumers. Wholesale depot removed to 33. Fariingdon Road, London. Throat Affection and Hoarseness.—All suffering from irritation of the throat and hoarseness will be agrectbly surprised at the almost immediate relief afforded by the use of 'Brown's Bronchial Troches.' These famous lozenges are now sold by most respectable chemists in this country at Is 6d per box. People troubled with a hacking cough, ' a slight cold,' or bronchial affection cannot try them too soon as similar troubles, it allowed to progress, result in serions Pul monary and Asthmatic affections. See that the words " Brown's Bronchial Troches " are on the Government Stamp around each box. Prepared by John I. BROwn & Sins, Boston U.8. European depot removed to 33, Far ringdcnUoad, London. 