YOUNO MEN'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIA- TION'S < NEW BUILDING. . I -_a , O The fotindation-stone of the now building for the Young Men's Christian Association, whioh io to bo erected at the cornor of Pitt and Bathurst stroets, wnH laid on ¡saturday nftemoon by Mrs. Margaret Hamppon, the woll- knowñ ladv evangelist. Tho cvont was marked with a great deai of enthusiasm, nnd vrus attended by between 4000 and Í00O persons. 'I ho oxcavutions for tho fottndattona of th« sow building hud been mado to a depth of »bout 10 foot, mid in tho lingo pit thua formed had been orooted n sloping platform, capablo ot accommo- dating warly lflOO pen-mis. Tbero was nlso a very lofty platform orootid for tho speakers, ministers of roligion, tha oholr, and oilier* taking an activo iutetcst in the proceeding». Around the boundaries of the Innd had been erected hand-rails and poles, which were docked with evergreens. A number of flags and banner« were also dis- played. Tho roads in tho neighbourhood of tho ground were thronged by a large concourse of persons. A body of police, under Inspector Andel son, was stationed at intervals along the boundaries to nrovent an undno crush. Tbo land for tho now building was purchased at j. coat of £13,000, and the estimated cost of the building itself is £20,000, lind tho nmbntit subscribed towards the two suma (irrospeotivo of tho sums laid on tbo stone on Saturday; is £11,330. '1 he dimensions of the land mo as follows:-60 feet froutngo to P'tt and 111 to Bathurst streets. The ground floor of tho now building will bo devoted to shop«, eight in number-two in Pitt-street ant six in Bathur6t street. Every precaution will bo taken to maleo the shops thoroughly fireproof. Tho first lloor is approached by a epaoious entrance, with a' flight of stairs lesdiug to the landing, off which is entered Hie lecturo hall (66.0 x 40.6 x 29 high) and reading-room (.39 x 21.6 x 16 high) ; nl«o tbo refreshment-room, secretary's office, and parlours. Al the end of tho large reading-room is tho honorary secretan 's room and libT y. At tho western ond of the lecture ball is u choir gsllery and platform ; nt rho eastern end will bo a gallery. Tho lecture linll is lotty, well ventilated, viith acoustic prop rttes wellstudiod ino interior of this kas been elfeetivelj trei led, wuk coved and panelled collings broken into bnjs 1 rom the pnncipal I mding, bj a bold flight ot stairs is re tchod the second floor, upou vi Inch oro the ii b«-rooms three m mimi or, also tho dining rooms, vntb pateut litt horn a kitchen from nbove. Bv a pa«stge from the -.ninn landing the gallery of the lerture bul! is entered Tho lecture i hall with gil'erv, will ucoinmoduto b°tween tight and ten ' hundred ndult* 1 ke floor nbovo wbiok is tho third on", is appronthed m siniihr m inner Upon thi» ilocr will bo the gvmnnsium, to consiitt ted m o provo co unnovance to the rooms below. Upon this Hoc I at tbo eastern »nd, is the large loftv amusement loom, ils i bedrooms nnd lavatories, ?md from this 1 m Inn is enuird the cn todum's room nnd living loom and bu brooms lu tin north-west cornir the lit/ bonis situated, with prouaion lor lilt, ki. 1 rom the western end of thi building, in B-Uhurnt slrecf, thireuill boafineontrnnco to platform nnd other piirtsot tliahulldim? lho exterior has recoived t ireful studi, so ns to produce one of tin* mbloit features of architecture m lho citj. And beSrmg this out ike otvle adopted lim b eu a free treatment of Gothio fronts to Pitt und hnthurst stre ots, vi ill bo built of brick with stone 1 ka p-mtipul intráneo vyill le from Pitt street, marled bv it bolo, miponng doorvvuj, vvitk Getkicnrck, biinpoiied or inil>«ll shea utk angln columns, with moulded buso and ennehed tnrved Pips lho arch ot thodoor is marked nn 1 niadj verv eieetivn by bold label and onrichtd »panania ' On nth side ot thu door iremobsive .D ois, with angle coltimnp with minted cups nnd moulded hases Ihn contra tit each pier íh marred bv double band mruld vntb cintro part filled in with quitro foil On each side of grand entianro is n bliop with uinspive plato-gln«B front, vntb upper poilion of anah fill d ni with ornamental ¡.lass m lind tiunnip "Hi- B ithnrst-i-trcot Bhopa are similar in treatment. The Pitt-sliect corners or boundaries are treated in the.samo bold manner, with massive and well designed pier«, forming bays, und prcdueing an attractive central featine. Ihn shops In both atreots are orowmed with a bold and well-designed dontalled entablature. Tbo ehtranca froni Batkuist-streot bar- b?ca treated with the aame offfct as the front eutrnnco. The first floor of fach frontage has been beautifully treated, breaking up the front into bays ; and over each «hop in Pitt-street, and tho return end iii Bathurst-street, there aro triplet windows, treated with mullions and minnies, with rich foliated caps; moulded bases, with central bands to shalts of columns supporting the Gothic-headed windows, crowned with Bently designed In hele with foliated bosses, resting on ah abacus band, with necking under the samo, continuing along tho front and sido in Bathurst-street The buys in Bathurst-street front, over each shop, are couplot windowf, treated in tho same effective manner ti« those in Pitt-street. The piers aro lesa niasaivo, but possessing the samo archi- tectural and pleasing effect ns the larger ones, with ehafrlets on the anglo*, with small caps and bases, and terminating with Gothio gabletf, with carved fmial. The second floor is treated in the came manner, the floor being marked by a bold and effectively designed string, with, ball "flowers inserted in the cavetto portion of mould. The whole of tho floors, in both streets, are surmounted or it-owned with a well-designed entablature, supported by rich foliated blockings, the spaco botwoen each block being relieved by a richly-designed patera. Above the entablature, the parapet is oontinued^ with small mould crowning saine. Tho entablature and parapet aro broken by the niasaivo piers of Pitt-stroet being carried above, and also in Bathurst-street with small piers. These aro formed into Gothio. gablet», and moulded with anglo columns with crocketted pinnacles, the apex being finished with richly foliated finials. Tho fronts of gablet portion of largo piers are filled in with Gothio panels, with ousped nrch. The central feature of iront ontrance is woll marked by a pediment with flowing band, with nama of society ineertod on same. The side ontrance is also well and êffoctivolv treated, this being crownod by a very imposing Gothic diaperred gable, with finial. Both fronts aro broken by tho piers, producing an agrcoablo play of light and shade. Iho Pitt-street front being tho principal, tho roof on each sido of entrance is carried up. forming stoop mausard roof, breaking the sky lino, nnd producin/r n grand appearance for the main front. These roots are enriched with oresting of ornamental iron. From the top of the flats a magnificent view of tho city and its surroundings will bo obtained. The sido roof in Bathurst-street is a low mansard, broken up by effectively treated dormers and «torm lights. Mr. Thomas Rowe, of Vickery's-chanibcrs, Pitt-street, is the architect. Tho con- fiador for the masons' work, in Mr. R. Simo. Tho con- tractor for carpenters', joiners', and finishing trades ia Mr. W. Coleman. Clerk of works, Mr. P. Rowe. The proceedings in coiiuection with tho laying of (bo stone wore commenced nt half-past 3 "'clock, undor the pro bidoncy^f Mr. W. J. Poster. Amongst the other gontlo men who occupied scats on tho platfom- were the Vicnr Generul (Very Rev. Dean Cowper), Rev. A. G. Fry (chair- man of the Congregational Union), Rev. Dr. Stool, Rev. Janies Jeffcris, LL.B., Rov. J. Cosh, M.A., andthoRovs. A. W. Murray, W. Clare, Savage, J. Vaughan, G. G. Howden, T. B. Treas, J. Hargrave, W. G. Taylor, J. D. Langley, G. Martin, S. Wilkinson, J. Oram, G. Middle- ton, Bowes, R. Collin, A. M. Jarvie, D. P. M. Hulbert, J". H. Fletcher, O. W. Pain, G. Ö Macqutrk, Colin Stewart, S. Bryant, P. B. Boyce, and J. A. Nolan, the lions. J. V. Abbott (Minister for Mines), J. Frazer, M.L.C.; Major Bird, Dr. Craig Dixson, Dr. G. J. Sly, Messrs. W: G. Murray, J. H. Goodlet, John Kent, Wilkin- son (Government Geologist). E. Vickory', Alderman Dean, and G. Durham and David Walker (Secretary of the Asso- ciation1). ' . . " Some hymns having been sung, a portion of Scripture rend, and praj or offaied, Mr. John Kent rend a statement to tho effect that the {ftiowing papeiH nero encloaed in a seulod bottle, placed beilînth the foundation-stone :-Copies of S. M. Mcrald, Daily 'Iiiujraph, Australian Churchman, Church of England Record, Presbyterian Witness, II' ecldy Adonraù, y. S. IF. Indepcndtnf, Vanner of Truth, Y. M. ('. A. Monthly jVoif-, annual report of N. S. W. Y. M. C. A. for 1832, and a copy of the following stutemont : "This founduticn-stono of premises for the New South NVales Young Men's Christian Association was laid by Mrs. Margaret Hampsou, lady evangelist from Liverpool, England, ou the 27th day of Ootobor, a.ia. 1SS3, being the -i6tk jear of tho roigu of ker Most Gracious Majesty, Ylctotia, Queen of Great Britain and the Britten Colonies and Kmpros-t of India, the Right Hondurablo Lord Augut-tus William Frederick Spencer Loftus, Knight of the Grand Crots of the Most Honourable Order of the Bath, a Member of her Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council, being Communder-in-Chief of Now South Wales and its Dependencies. Premier and Colonial Socrofary : tho Hon. Alexander Stuart, M.L.A. Maj'orot Svduoy : John Harris, Enq , M.L.A. Priniato of tun Church' of England and Irolaud in Australia and 'Tasmania and Bishop of Sydney : The Right Rev. Alfred Barry, D.D. Moderator of the Presbytérien An-cmbly: The Rev. T. A. Gordon. Preâldontof tho WesloViin Conference : lho Rev, William Mooro. Chairman of theCongiegational Uniem: Tholîov. A. G. Fry. Chairman of tho Bapti«t Union : Rev. A. Fenwick. Prenident of the Young 'Mon'- Ohrlstiaá Association : William J. Foster, Esq.- Vice-brosidonta : Rev. W. M. Co»-rr>sr, M.A., Doon of Sjdney; Rev. Robert Steel, M.D..D.D., Presbyterian Church,Phillip-street ; Rev. J. G. Fraser, M.A., President Congregational Collego, New- town: Rev. Nv'illiiim Kelyniiolc, D.D., Willium-fitroot Church ; Rev. J. Kinrobfl, B.A., Piincipal St. Andrew's Presbv terian Collego '; Hon. John Fruiter, M.L.C. ; Sir G. W. Allen, lint. ; James R. Fairfax, Esq. ; H. E. A. Allan, Esq. ; Hugh Diiifou,lísq. Honorary 'Treasurers: Ebene- zer Vickery, Esq. ; John li. Goodlet, Eeq. Honorary Architect : Thomas Howe, Enq. Honoiaiy Secretary : Mr. John, i Pepper. ' Gonoriil SCorotary : Mr, David Walker. Contractor" tor Maaonrv aud Brickwork : Mr. Robort Sime. Contractor for Contractor's Work and Finishing 'Irados: Mr. William Coleman. The Now South Wides Young Mon'B Christian Association avus formed in B) dnoy in the year 1853, and for some years had a numerous roll of members, its objects boing pursued with considerable vigour And sntccess. Then carno a t-enson of loss aotivity, huiI tho association yyas almost dormant until, in tha year 1871, Mr. D. W. Murphy wnp electee^ gonoral senre'tiiry, una promues vvoio rented in King-street, and lubssquontly in Geonre-stiiot. Under this gentlo xanu's mAnagement the toll of memborB nnd subscribers Inrgoly luoieasod. Knofgelio and clloetivo efforts were made for the fooial, moral, robgious, and intellectual violfaro of joung mon. In 1877, tho Rev. Dr. feonltnorvillo, of Glas- gow, after a sorle» of evangelietlo services in Sydney, oxorted himsolf to «trenirthpn tho position of tho association, and place It on a more parmoneut baBÍs. Tho result waa that a number of Christian ministers and laymen framed » cn:if*,l!nti.)n anti dor trir.is'. Im«'«, for iho association, v/hioh will 'ne fonad 'u ih» aiiuuaî mport^noliised herewith. 1'hia constitution'w«ii'«ílo.pt<'d »t *i g-merul nieetihg'of. thó ruitmbtis, a,t)d tate building hi bo wec-tcd over this stone is to^ JJJpyjjetuLty for the jueof an ttîsi)0)atiûn carpihcoa jtaj operations under this constitution. At the mino time n -lumber of minUtors of different-Christian denominations, and about 330 laymen, petitioned tWboaid of management of the n.sscd ation to appoint Mr." David Walker general secretary. This was done, and forthwith tbero was a large addition to tho* members'. artd subscribers, public confidence and sympathy gradually increased,, the Christian churebes munifested their interest in nnd appreci- ation of tim efforts and co-operation of fho association, vvoalthj' laymen and mercantile firms gave libeial (¡nuiielul support, young mon attached tkomcelves to tko institution, nnd much useful work was accomplished. The offieos wem removed to the moro commodious rooms now occupied at the corner of Pitt nnd Park streets. Those vvcro soon found inconvenient and too small. The necessity for moro »uitablo pn-nuV-s being apparent to wealthy citizens uitoieated in tko welfare and okuructer of our young men, and wko realised Ike val mi of the work of lho Young Men's Christian Afsociatiou, several of them practically manifested their sympathy by largo, donations townrds a building nt once adapted to the requirement« of the association and ornamental to the city. Ikeir example »va« liborally followed by o,hers. A site was sooured at a cost of £13,000. Further donations towards tho building fund mado tho total subicriptions £11,331-as will bo seen by list of contributors contained in a copy of tho Sydney Morning Herald enclosed. herewjth. Tho board of management accepted teodars for the erection of the building, the cost- of which, with furniture, will* be about £20,000. At the suggestion of tho lion. J. Frazor, M.L.C., the largest contributor to tho building, Mrs. Margaret Hampoon was invited to lay the foundation at tho conclucion yf a scries of highly euccesslul evangelistic services in the city." - " 'I ho trowel presented to. and used bv", Mrs. H empson was of puro silver, gilt, the gliding boitig ongravol and showing in furnished silver tho lines of tracery in relief ntrninst the dead -gold ground. Tho handle was ot ivory, carved so as to leave a rai-ed work of leaves uni flovvets. The whole was enclosed in a morocco leather ea?o, lined with violet- colnuro'i silk, and the bindo of tho trowel bore the following inscripta nr-" Jesus'only." " Presented to Mrs. Margaret Hampfon on tho occasion of her lay iug tbo foundation-stono of the building for th« Young Mon'a Christian Association of Now- fcouth Wales, Sydney, 27th October, 1883." This very beautiful pieco of the gold and silver smiths' work was fiom the establishment of Messrs. Hardy Brothersi HitntPi-streot. - ? The Hon. John Fhazkii, M.L C, presented lo Mrs. Hempson the trowel and mnllot with which to lay the .foundation-rtono. 'In doing >-o he said: I havo tho honour to bo deputed to present vou willi tho trowel and mallet 'o bo used ' by you in laying the foundation-Btono of the building of tho Young Men'sChristian Association of thiscity, upon thesiteon which wo aro now ar- semblod, find should you bo pormitled to nguiu visit those shores, 1 enrnestlylhopo that upon.tho fc-tono which j'ou will hy will have been elected a noble structure to the gluiy of God,and that it will prove a grnit blessing in many yuiya to Ihn young men of New ¡South Wales. Mrs.' TlASirsoN, having loft the platform and taken np a pnsition bpforo tbo foundation-stone, ea'd that in her own dear country-England-she had always held back from lay ing the foundatieh-stone of anv building biciuso it bad involved what she did not think php loiild successfully accomplish, nnd that was tho milking of a speech, and her friends tit home had always refused to read tho speech for her; also it necnicd to bo somowhat of a masculino duty, and to Bo associated with the "blue stocking." But in Sydney thej- had power to make her do what they those, and sho felt whon abo thought of tbo efforts of the noble man who had laid down upon that stone no bounteous nn offering to God that sho could not refuse this wish. 'I ho speeoh-making appeared to boa littlo matter in their minda, aud thoy told her that she could oasily say nil that was necessary on Mich an oc- casion. Just at that time, when hho was bo tired in brain and nerve and bodv, s_e had nppnarcd to be deprived of tho power of cousecutive thought, but at hist she» thought of tbo great opportunity that lay beforo her to speak kiudly words on behalf of tho young men of the city, to a'd them to become what young mon should be. but what, nins, they wero so often far frira being. It was ono of the grandest things on earth to bo a yoting man walkiug in the light and glory of tho Christian's belief. What bho hnd to talk about was how noble a thing it was to bo a manly j-oung Christian, to go out and atand shoulder to shoulder in tho front of life's battle, and show sceptics and unbelievers how oxcellent n thing God hid created in the life of a yount? man i who feared and «dored lue Creator and loved his neighbour. I It lay with tho Sydney "t'nung Men's Christian Association to show what union meant in its fulloi-t and noblest s' nso. How many thing« came Out. of'such a banding together. One Christian yoting man might foil at a loss and, might fall into depression and trouble, and co metter how devout he might be, ïo would, perhaps, moditato madany, "I cannot make ntiy headway ; " but when associated with others who helped him to iiiako his influence felt, and who enabled him to advance the c.iu«a of his God, how different, how hopeful, how full of new-born energy his life bocame. Then he could go out mid saj", '. I have one gift and vou havo another, and we will bo to- gether and form a band of workers." In England thoy thought it ought to bo eonio ono worthy who should lay tho foundation- stono of suoh n building an this ; ono who, after the stone had been laid, could spread it with a cement of gold, »o that the peoplo might seo what sort of hearts thero wero that boat above thestono; but'he pooplo of Svdnoj' had that doy chosen to fill tho oflice ono who was witheiut nuoh wealth, and whose only olToring was the .' widow's mito" that she had brought. But clio remembered that when they called upon ker to lay the stone thej" knew that aha was poor in this world's goods, and could only Hy her little on the stono, nnd that thej- intenacd to supplement that littlo till the mito became abundance, und in hor heart of heurta she knew that tbey would do so, and would lay before God their offering, not" only in sympathy and love, but as a portion out of their share of lho riches of tho world. Thej- know that sympathy must bo cn stnlli*ed into gold, hard and heavy if ir were to curry out Ihis project of the grand and noble men before them that daj". Every ono of them must manifest his sympathy not onlj' by the expression of his hoirtfelt wishes, but a contribution from his store'of riohos, und tell upon that stono his value of God's love. Tho Young Men's Chrktiun Association hud special claims on them, because it brought j oung Christian hoartB together. Many of tho elder men present remembered tho timo when such ass' elation and Biich sympathy would havn hik'htened their lives and brought them wondrous happiness, and thoy would know the value of such an association as this to tho young men mound thntdnj', and would help to give to thom tko blessing which had been denied their fathers in'this voung country. They must roinember that this was rather hilo in the d ij for her to praiso tho Young Men's Christian Associations. She caine Irom a city in old England where thoro was such an iiesoeition long establi.-hcd, and sho could inform thom that such associations wero tho gloij" ot Euglnud and America, and sho believed would bo "tko glory of the'o colonies too, because tbey hid hold of the youths of these countrif s and saved them from the vortex that met them ut even-point. It was a grand thing that men should meet togethor for tho elevation of each other's minds, and that thej' might bo saved from deterioration by contact with evil communications that must corrupt good manners. When strangers came here thore ought to bo such an association na this to teach them what such an edifice as tho one proposed to bo orectod could do, and what an amount of work could go forth from it. Thov wero tho parent colony hore, and they had thousands ot young mnn coming to thebo shores ; and what would Christians else- where think if thoro waa no hand to take hold of them if they did not send to every' bhip, as was done in England, and say to the stranger, " Como with us und wo will do you good ; wo have a room wherein you may ret, and we have ulevating books which you ninj" read. Wo will prevent j'Our wasting the littlo money your friends havo toiled for ior, that yon might set up for yourself in the colony." These wore words which sho felt should bo addressed to everj* strangor, nay, to ovorv young man, in tho colony. She would never forget the time her son loft her to travel 16,000 milos to New Zealand.. It seomed to her that she would rather bavo seen hjra in his coffin thnn that ho should go where much temptation might dwell. Fortu- nately sha had two great joys in the matter, ono being that her darling was a Christian, nnd tho other that ho was going to a land in which there waa a Young Men's Chrietian Association. He boro with him his credentials a« a member of tho Liverpiol Aasooiation, nnd'sho knew ho would be recoived as a friend and a brother, just as if ho had lived in Auckland for 20 ve ira, and in fact his first letter to her stnted that but for parting with her ho felt that ho waa at home. Hore thoy were going to oroctsucha building na thora waa not in the wholo of tho oolonies, and hero she prayed that thoy would not oulj* build it, but endow ir, so that their young mon might not want that which was necessary to carry oh tho woik it struok them they ought to do. 'I hat timo was past when the Churches turned a cold shouldor' to Buch associations as these. They knew batter now. Thej- know that the associations wore not enemies but frionds of the Churches, and that they held out n hand of nt-sistnnco and worked shouldor to shoulder with them in the good work of 'nira- tion. Especially on this ground did sho feel joy in plead- ing the causo of thonoblo institution they were about to roar. This institution would bo the lofitim ii" centre ot evangelio iviirk. it embraced all tbo Chin.! o . and boro tha ministers could gather together to fond loi evangelists ; lor if God nssistod tho«o in America and England, why should ¡hey wait' hero until ho dropped nn evangelist nt their door ? Thov Bhould havo funds that thoy might Bend for pvuhgollbta, and bring them into ihn centres of their effie'?, that thoy mightdotho works which ouly Christians could do by their meeting together. And now" she wanted them to give iib God hid given them. Some of the men present had fallon into temptation, .because thero waa no association to Have? them, and thoy know what it was to siu. Let them give largely that day that others might bo saved. Some of thom when they caine hore had not two shillings to rub ngalnst ouch othci ; but now thoy vicio vieulthv men. and I'roitdotici' had blessed them. Lot these then give a li mil: ullaring to Cod for the ble«s!ng hu had extended to thwu Avhoti bo had smiled upon thdm. As they had oppoitunity- call it opportunity-let them give, and God would honour'winit thoy /¡ave, would put it m his treasury-aas-bn was the witness-vVoulel give them com- pound intei est inr it. They wimbi bo la) mg up atotos in the world beyond, and when they went thither their reward should be: "Well done, thou good and faithful servant." She ventured to say that, if all their offerings which were to accompany the widow's mite, bore any just proportion to their wealth to that borne by her contribution to her wealth there would be no more trouble about the erection of the building or tho «ndovmrnt of it By the eirction ol Hint j building iii y would show that the Cbiistiana c>f Sa ¿ney , could stand o'ut boldly to tho fiout, and ju the teeth of meii | n'nd UoAils pioclmm lo the universe'that Christlnit men and I Christian women and associations of Christiana'united ,w, ra the, grand loveij which God. yyaa.usiui. just gow to liât humanity out of the wreck, tho ruin, atid too t'unblc curse that stn had brought, and w hile Chi isti ins held tim cioss, the glor ous insuma of the world s lcdemplion in their heart the/ would raisohumanitv, am] Gol would be glorified and thousands of men and w omeo would bt bli-.«id Sbo vas glad to burn that unco she accepted the invitation to ]aj' the atone a sum ot 4G7S 1'is had been receivod to be placed us offerings upon tho stone (Applause ) Another kvmu hiving been sung, the stone-which wns ornamented with ivy and laurel-whs lowered to a spot alongside of thnt which it was to oet upv permanentlj. Mrs Ihimpsnn tnm direenhd the steps and the vessel continuing various documcuU having been denosited in the cavitv m the ito io prnj t r w m ofi red lue stono was then triinsfimd to the pliLe pieparnl lor it, und Mis llampson then, in tho n inn» of the 1 ether and ot tho Son and or tbo Ilolj Ghost, dee'nred rho stono to be well nnd truli 1 ntl A collection having bi-Ln t ikcn <af contributions towards the coat of the building, amounting to £139 (making tue total «mount collet ted in t out ection w nh thi lav mr of the stono £1117), chen-, wao "inn tor th i Quoen, for Mrs. Hempson nnd for tho Young Men's Christian AMGtiation 1 ho proceedings wero concluded by the singing of the Do\ologj. 