THE STORY-TELLER. A TRUE GHOST STORY. fBr Peripatetic. 1 While it is remarkable that the ghosts moat frequently observed by the noble army of veracious historians are those of 'deceased persons, it oomes within the province of belief of believers in the supernatural—if it be not indeed one of the articles of their creed—that the giant hand of death is not at all times necessary to effect a separation between the soul and its fleshly environment. The sepa ration, it is argued, can be effected in living beings. Though not so numerous, we have nevertheless hundreds, if not thousauds, of reliable testimonies in support ot this belief. Wilkie Collins has detailed many weird illus trations in its favour. In " Two Destinies" he has the following account of an apparition which appeared on board a ship at sea. The ship in question was bound from Liverpool to Brunswick, and was six weeks out of port when the event occurred. One day at noon the captain and chief mate, having taken the usual observations of the sun, were busy below in their cabins working out the lati tude and longitude. The mate, looking across into the opposite cabin, was horrified at beholding a stranger seated at the desk writing on the captain's elate. He imme diately rushed on deck, and told the captain there was a stranger below at hie desk wilting. The cabin was searched, but not a trace of the stianger could be discovered. The mate persisted in his statement; and the captain taking up the slate found written on it these wordsSteer to the nor'-west!" The narrative continues thus " Well, steer ing to the north-west, you will understand, was out of the captain's conrss. Nevertheless, finding no solution of the mystery on board - the ship, and the'weather at the time being fine, the captain determined while the day light lasted to alter bis course, and see what came of it. Towards 3 o'clock in the after noon an iceberg came of-it, with a wrecked ship stove in and frozen fast to the ice, and the passengers and crew nigh to death with cold and exhauBtion. Wonderful enough, you will say, but more remains behind. As the mate was helping one of the rescued passengers up the side of the barque who should he turn out to be but the very man whose ghostly appearance Bruce (the mate) had seen in the captain's cabin writing on the captain's elate. And more than that ... the passenger recognized the barque as the very vessel which he had seen in a dream at noon that day. He had even spoken of it to one of the officers on board the wrecked ship when he woke. ' We shall be rescued to day,' he had said, and had exactly described the rig of the barque hours and hours before the vessel herself nove in view." ThiB story, remarks Mr. Collins in a footnote, is to be found related in full detail, and authenti cated by names and dates in Robert Dale Owen's work called " Footfalls on the Boun dary of Another World." I wa§ a youngster of seventeen or eighteen at the time of the events I am about to relate, but the circumstances are impressed as vividly on my memory as if they had happened but yesterday. In one of the prettiest parts of the West of England, amid moBt enchanting scenery, stand the Vallis Rocks. They are within easy walking distance of the town of Frome, and are frequently visited by picnic parties, tourists, and other lovers of the -picturesque. The rocks extend for some miles—winding zigzag fashion across country. At some points they form merely a steep incline; at others rearing their heads heavenward straight as a wall. ^ egetation is abundant; shrubs, ferns, and wild flowers growing in rich luxuriance everywhere. In the vale beneath—for, be it understood, the rocks are but as a'' deep Assure in the ground, caused orobably at some remote period by one of Nature's con vulsive throbs—bubbles a noisy brook. Clear as crvstal is the water, and many are the speckled trout that dart therein. Here and there lie scattered ruins of limekilns; and in some of the cosiest corners under the trees tempting seats invite the visitor to halt i awhile and admire at hi8 ^leisure. In the ' stilly night sweet - vqijied, nightingales wimble forth their songs., of thankful ness and praise; and poachers snare the gentle rabbit. At different points of vatitage fine echoes reward strong-lunged vocalists, and awav down in the valley is a shooting range, whereat patriotic volunteers blaze and pot. On Saturday afternoons and other half holidays venturesome schoolboys from the neighbouring town play at "hare and hounds," clambering here and there among the rocks like so many chamois, and making the hills resound with their merry laughter. On Bank holidays and other festivals no place in the country round is more extensively patronized. Local public opinion declares in favour of Vallis Vale in preference even to Longleat, Lord Bath's magnificent estate, four miles distant. In the cool of a summer's evening many are the couples with arms entwined and hearts beating in harmonious unison to be seen wendiDg their thoughtful way by the side of the murmuring brook. Along the watercourse are built at intervals watermills, and boating is to be had in the hjjllponds —altogether one of the loveliest apots in pas toralJEngkr.cL . \- In its steepest parts the valley is entered by cuttings, giving the toes plenty of exercise in descending.. Near one of the most dangerous of these are the Egford Stocks, the finest and largest of the whole range. Stone to repaid the county roads is drawn from these rocks; and men are constantly at work on them, boring, blasting, and carting away.' In the. fields above, the legends of the place have it that the fairies hold their nightly revels. At the extreme verge of the precipice-grow a few stunted trees, behind which - railings ire erected as a guard. Viewing the valley from these rocks a very pretty bird's-eye picture is obtained. A pebble thrown with utmost exertion falls into the brook: tossed over, you can hear it fall with a dull thud on the stones below. At the time of which I write my father had taken one of the mills above- mentioned, and I," engaged in business in the town," pre ferred the mile and a half walk to ana from my work daily to taking sp a permanent residence among the tiles and chimney stacks.' My (two years') elder brother, Caleb, was, assisting my father in the working id o of his factorv, an<t on dark evenings would, accompanied by his dog, often come to meet me. , Sometimes, however, I had to work, late, and it would be ten o'clock before I started for Vallis. Young, bold, fearless, afraid neither of ghosts or men, I used fre quently on clear, starlit nights to prolong my walks by making a wide detour, and then, striking through the woods, and entering the valley amile or so further down, indulge in tianquil and placid reflection as I walked homewards. Often the far distant church clocks would be striking One as I was search ing for my latch-key. One beautiful moonlight night—one conld see.to read a newspaper walking "slowly—I had taken a five-mile constitutional, and, reaching the valley about eleven oclock, thought, as it was such a splendid night, I would linger longer than usual. The nightingales were discoursing sweetest music—in the distance conld be distinguished the faint lowing of the kine—" Men may come and men may go, but I go on for ever" was babbling the brook ■ With slow' steps and bated breath I moved along. ' Na ture's bus; hum was hushed—the calm stillness that reigned around held me like a charm. I threw myself on the dewy grass, and locking my bands together under my head fell into a deep reverie. By-and-bye I became conscious that the' grass was wet, and feeling chilly I got.up and shook myself vigorously and took a biisk run to restore suspended circulation. Having by viitneof these measures convinced myself that I was really an inhabitant of this mortal sphere, and not a denizen of the stars, 1 began to wlristle the " Ode to Spring," from Balil and Bijou. The owl must have pricked up biB ears in sleepy astonishment at the melody, so brisk ana joyons a tone did I im part to it. (My reflections had been some what melancholy; I was hut following out' the universal law of Reaction.) Walking along, I suddenly perceived ahead of me a most singular phenomenon, which made me stop and almost .turn pale. A kind of box it seemed to be, about two feet' square. The extraordinary thing' about .it, though, was that it hung stationary in mid-air. I stopped my whistle with a jerk—perplexed uevond measure. The ■ vale just here was densely wooded, and ,the water deep. Water deep! that reminded me that one or two unhappy people had' recently drowned themselves in it. And, whispered Memory, only a few yards off is the spot where a lunatic escaping from his Keeper threw himself from the rocks, and was dashed to pieces. What in the name of all tbafs wonderful can that box be? I asked myself. Screwing my courage to the stick ing point, I advanced ten strides — twenty—thirty—ah! the box had a support. Reassured, I went on with confidence, and getting to the other side of the thing, read, in the light of the moon, " Beware 1 shooting to-day at Vallis." Bang! went my clenched fist. Down,." dead as a hammer, went the placard. "I should have felt better had that bang been directed at the head of the gallant volunteer who left that board stick ing there to frighten people," I softly solilo quised as I recommenced, allegro con spirilo, " Spring, spring, beautiful spring I" As I emerged from the shaded hollow into the open space at the foot of the Kgford rocks I exclaimed involuntarily, "How beautiful!" Not a cloud obscured the sky— the moon was at its full, and shining glo riously. I stood idly watching the rippling of the water in its rays for a few moments : then turned to glance upward at the rocks. Never before had 1 seen them so clearly outlined. The parts in shade made the jutting por tions stand out with added distinctness, and the contrast formed a study for an artist. I could almost distinguish the shape of the leaves of the trees growing on the summit. At this moment, and as I was gazing upward, a most unaccountable Bensation darted like a magnetic shock through my vitals, leaving me cold as ice, and trembling as if I had been attacked by ague, after. What was it? From whence came it? What could it mean ? I asked myself these ques tions in a dreamy and listless way : for, truth to say, I seemed suddenly deprived of the use of my faculties—something had, as it were, leapt into me, trampled under foot my senses, my reason, and was now peering witn fierce and fearful intensity out of my eyes at One particular spot on the top of those rocks. What the demon was that possessed me I cannot tell. Ego was too dazed, benumbed, stupified, to tbiuk oae thought, Meanwhile, my heart was beating as if it would burst—I earnestly pray I may never experience that feeling agaiD. Gradually my heart began to pulsate more legnlarly—consciousness to make feeble and flickering efforts to return, the intolerable burden that crushed and bore down my faculties to grow lighter. But I could not remove my eyes from that one spot. ' On that my organs of vision re mained glued, rivetted, spellbound. As I looked I saw a figure approach the railings, holt for a moment, and look around with white and blanched countenance, place its hands upon the topmost rail, and lightly vault over to the inner side. 0 God! how I quaked with fear. Zt was Caleb, my brother. There he stood, bead bare, nightdress fluttering around him, now taking a pace for ward, now retreating, the movements of a man vividly conscious of supreme danger, yet,unable to escape it. 1 shouted to him, thinking he was walkiug in his sleep, to get back. He neither heard nor heeded me. "Pray, heaven, save him," 1 groaned in my extremity of horror. Too late. With a deliberate stride forward I saw the pcor fellow advance to the verge, look over, grow giddy, throw his hands up, and with a sort of stifled shriek tumble head - ovei heels forward. And now a strange thing happened. No sooner did I see Caleb fall than I felt (a peculiar, buoyant feeling of relief. Yes, relief — a weight seemed lifted from my shoulders, and after a great sigh I found I could breathe freely, and was in full com mand of mvself again. For, half-way in his fall, my brother vanished into am—melted from my sight as if he had never been. I saw him distinctly half the distance—then, like a star that shoots and is seen no more, he was gone—lost. I proceeded directly to the foot of the rocks without the slightest vestige of fear. I searched every nook and cranny and found, as I expected to find, nothing. I looked up at the rocks. All was silent as the tomb. Then I -walked on. I was home in three minutes and a half. My watch pointed to half-past twelve as I lit a lamp. I went straight to Caleb's room. He was lying in bed safe and sound, bat wide awake, and with his eyes unnaturally distended. The look he gave me as I entered will haunt me to the grave—bo glaringly watchful (to coin a phrase) was it. He gently chid me for staying out so late, but was glaa I had visited him before I went to bed. " I've had such a frightful dream," he said abruptly a moment after—" an awfnl dream. It's frightened—downright cowed me. Sit down und I'll tell you about it." I sat down, knowing better than he could tell me perhaps what was coming. " I dreamt I was. on the top of the Egford Rocks," he began, "close by that stunted tree in the centre. Something, I know not what, impelled me irresistibly there. I know not how 1 came to be there, memory only ' recalls what happened from then. This mysterious power seemed to drag my whole nature after it—it made me vault the rails, it drew me in its mighty arms to the edge of the precipice, and, oh! my head reels to think of it now, plunged me headlong over. ... As I fell the strain must have been too great—a mighty rushing and roaring sound flooded my whole beiug, and I awoke to find myself in bed—ten thousand lights dancing before my eyes, and ren-, •. tittering on its throne." When I recounted what I had seen, Caleb was surprised but not in the least incredu lous. He listened to me attentively to the end, and when I had finished gave a long, deep sigh of profound thought. I asked him presently what he was think ing about. He replied "Nothing." After another long, long pause he said— " Go to bed now, Hal, there's a good lad. We'll get up early to-morrow morning, and go down to Vallis and examine those rocks. We arose at six and ryalked down to the rocks. We found. the exact place where Caleb had been in fancy the night before. How were we startled to find the ground disturbed? In the layer of mould and dirt, plain as plain could be, was the imprint of his naked foot as he had alighted from vault ing the railings. He pulled off his Bhoe and placed his stockinged foot in it: it fitted per fectly. We kept the secret, if secret it may be called, solemnly to ourselves, and never breathed as much as a word to a living soul. Shortly after I left Somerset for the Metro polisj and my brother travelled north. I am now m Adelaide; he is in Leeds. I have no wish to upsot any old theory or to establish any new one. I have simply related facts, and am prepared to affix my dying signature to this strange story. " There are more things in heaven and earth than are dreamt of in oar philosophy" —u-ho shall find them out. 