Mrs. Hampson's Mission. THE LORD'S CALL AND THE SOUL'S ANSWER. On Thursday evening, J lily 26, in spite of the downpour of rain, the Town Hall was densely filled witli an audience composed largely of men. Mrs. Hampson read the 15th chapter of Luke, with appropriate comments, and afterwards preached from the text—" When Thou saidst, seek ye My face, my heart said unto Thee, Thy face, Lord, will I seek." Ps. xxvii. 8. She said there had been on previous evenings so large a number of enquirers who had not obtained clear views of salvation —who understood the matter from the Divine side but not from the human, that she proposed that night to look at the matter from both sides. In order to salvation, it was necessary to understand that God had done what He could to save the soul, and that man must now act in order to avail himself of what God had done. Some time ago, in the old country, a gentleman had met her in the street and had asked for direction in hi: anxiety about his soul. His brother who had been a prodigal and who had brought shame and sorrow to his parents and friends had become a changed character, and in his new-found joy had spoken to his moral, church-going brother about salvation, and had awakened within him a conviction of sin and a consciousness that though a believer in the Bible and a member of a Christian church he had never passed through the process of conversion. The gentleman accompanied her to her house and 011 their knees together they found the passage which formed her text that evening. He was enabled by God's grace to see the simple truth, and went away rejoicing in salvation. She trusted that that might be the case with many there that evening. Some might say, was she not quoting the case of one whose life had been outwardly pure and moral, but could the worst and most degraded be saved by a simple act of faith ? Yes! Take the case of David—the author of this Psalm —There was not a worse man than David. His hands were red with blood; his heart was black with diabolic sin. Yet David was saved—gained a high spiritual experience—lived a holy life—died a happy death—went to dwell for ever with God. Where did David find salvation ? It was by conversion. The text gave the answer, " When Thou saidst, seek ye My face, my heart said unto Thee, Thy face, Lord, will I seek." God calls. Here is the foundation of all religion—it begins with God. The first kindling of repentance—the first desire after holiness—the first disposition to return to God comes from Him. It was in the garden of Eden —upon the very scene of man's rebellion—at the very time—where the creature had trodden 011 the heartstrings of the Great Father, and trampled upon the majesty of His law. It was then and there that God spoke words of mercy and of love. With loving hands He clothed their naked bodies with those coats which typified the righteousness of Christ. With His own lips He preached the first Gospel sermon, " The seed of the woman shall bruise the head of the serpent." Since that time God had never left Himself without a witness. He had uttered His voice in the history of nations, of cities, of families. He had met each individual heart, and had made His voice heard—His power felt. Had they not heard Him?—From Sinia with its thunders, from Calvary with its still, small voice. The devil sought to stop men's ears, and to keep them from hearing God's voice. She had gone once into a cotton factory, and the foreman had endeavored to explain to her the different processes through which the rough cotton passed till it came out the beautiful white calico ; but so great was the noise of wheel and pulley and darting shuttle, that it was impossible for her to hear. But she had learned a lesson. She had seen that this world is a great workshop, full of revolving wheels and noisy machinery. Ah ! how often the wheels of business—of pleasure—of family care kept men from hearing the tones of that loving voice which sought to save them. But God took care that sooner or later His voice should be heard. Reverses were 6ent—men were laid upon a sick bed—hopes were blighted and disappointed, that men might have leisure and opportunity and quiet to hear God speak. They heard Him speak that night. None would be able when they stood in God's presence to say that they had never heard His call. Soon they must, hear it, whether they would or not. Death would come; the wheels of earth's machinery would stand still; there would be a great hush, and out of the solemn silence God would say, " Because I have called and ye refused. I have stretched out my hand and ye did not regard it. I also will laugh at your calamity and mock when your fear conieth." Might God save all present from so terrible a fate. God spoke to them that night. He said, " Seek ye My face." Jesus said, " Come unto Me." What did this mean ? That they were at a distance from God, and that He would have them return ; that their backs were to God, who would have them turn their faces to Him. God had a face; He wanted us to see it. The reason why we did not was because our backs were turned to Ilim. Some might say, Was not God everywhere ? did they need to turn round to see Him? There was one place where God declared Ho was not, and that was in the thoughts of the wicked. Was God in their thought s ? Were their hearts nigh to God or far off ? God desired men to return to Him with all the heart. He sought not the mere shell or husk of outward conformity. What he asked was the full trust and confidence of the soul. Would they that night respond to God's call ? Their sins need not be a difficulty ; God had put sin away in Christ . He was able to save to the uttermost. However great the sin might be, they would find in Jesus a Saviour still greater. God called ; man must respond. Though God had done miich He would not thrust salvation upon the unwilling soul. David responded, " When Thou saidst, seek ye My face, my heart said unto Thee, Thy face, Lord, will I seek." If they were not saved, it was because they had not responded. God called ; they must answer; the response must be personal. My heart said, " Thy face, Lord, will I seek." Salvation was secured by a personal response to a personal call. The heart must say " I will." When that response was made the position was sealed; the matter was settled for ever. She had stood by the marriage altar with the man who was to become her husband, and had heard him say, " I will take this woman to be my wife," but this did not seal the marriage ; it was not until the response came from her, " I will take this man to be my husband," that the contract was sealed, and the bond was irrevocable. From that moment she became his wife; from that time she was taken to his home ; all that her husband had was hers. She had stood beneath the Cross of Jesus ; she had heard the Holy Ghost say, " Wilt thou go with this man ?" Jesus said, " I will give thee rest." She had looked up into His face and said, " I will be Thine," and from that, moment the deed of partnership was signed. Whatever Christ had became hers. Wherever He henceforth might go, there she had a right lobe—nothing could henceforth separate her from His love. Had they said " I will ?" If not, that was the reason they were not saved. Only say "I will," from the heart, and the work would be done. She did not ask them 1.0 sign the pledge—or to join the church—or to sit. down ut the Lord's table—or to give of their substance to God's cause. Why ? Not because she did not approve of these things. Not because she did not think that the position of an abstainer and a church member was not one iif the noblest on earth, but because she would not have them put anything in the place of Chiist. God did not direct men to go anywhere else, or to do any special thing to be saved, but to seek His face—to come to His feet and settle the matter with Him. When that was done, every other duty would follow easily and naturally. She pleaded with them to go to Jesus, and to go that moment. However great their sin might be, it would be their passport—their claim to be received. She was accustomed to visit the Liverpool Hospitals, but before she .lould be admitted, she had to knock and show her credentials. But let some poor fellow be knocked down in one of the busy streets of the city and crushed and mangled, would he need to knock to secure admission ? No ; the watchman in the tower would see the approaching crowd—the bell would ring—tiie gates would be thrown wide open —the doctors and the nurses would assemble; the man's blood would be his passport; his crushed body, his hanging limbs, his credentials—his claim. So it was with the sinner. His helplessness, his misery, his sin, would be his recommendation to that. Saviour who came not to call the righteous but sinners to repentance. After the service, which was deeply solemn and interesting throughout, an enquiry meeting was held, to which many remained. 