THE BANK OF VICTORIA. The sixty-first half yearly meeting of the shareholders of the .Bank of Victoria was held at the bank, Collins street, Melbourne, on Tuesday. The Hon. Henry Miller oc cupied the chair, and there was a fair a'» tandance of shareholders. The repoit showsd that the net profits for the past half-year were £29,249 12s Sd, which, with the balance of £12.243 Ss Sd from last joar, left £37,460 Is 4d available fo distribution. This w=>s apportioned as follows: — To a dividend of 10 per cent, £25,000. and balance carried forward, £1 490 Is 4d. During the past half-year the branch at Wahgunyah and the agencies at Numurkah have been withdrawn. The retiring directors were Messrs Freyer. Edward Miller and Nicholson, each of whom offered himself for re-election. On the motion of Mr MON AMAIN, se conded by Dr KELLY, the report and bal ance- sheet were adopted. Tt wus figrcod. on the motion of Mr CARSON. seconded by Mr HALL, that the retiring officers be re-elected. Messrs H. R. Hall and S. A, Rich ardson were elected auditors. In responding to the usual voteof thanks, the CHAIRMAN stated that the affairs of the bank were most saisfactory, and the little difficulties which had occurred in the financial world had been met, so far as the bank was concerned, with very little trouble. Looking forward, the directors saw no reason why the prosperity which attended the past year's operations would not be continued, and he hoped, when they had the pleasure of meeting the stiarelioiaers aain, to have the means of distributing a dividend, if, at least, the rate of the one just declared. The meeting then closed. Eucalyptus ©il for Egypt. —Wednes day's " Argus" states that an offer has been made by Mr Bosisto to place a hundred-weight of eucalyptus oil in the hands of theGovernment for transmission to Egypt, with a view to its being used in the treatment of the cholera patients. In the " Lancet" of June 2 particulars are "iven of the experiments made by a medical committee at Lyons as to the possibility of treating the bacterial poison of xymotic diseases. The committee find, , it seems, that " thymol" and oil of eucalyptus are capable of attenuating the virus in 4S hours, and the "Lancet" re marks that this discovery is of importance, as it has hitherto been supposed that the power of destroying bacteria by attenua tion or annihilation was " beyond our ken." Mr Bosisto was anxious that the oil should be tried on a large scale in con nection with the cholera virus. Mr Service accepted the offer, but on com municating with the Peninsular and: Oriental Company he was informed that under present circumstances cargo cannot be landed in Egypt. ! Accidents. — Mr McVean, hotel pro prietor, of Corryong, has sustained such J injuries to his skull, by accidentally fall-- ing down, that his life is despaired of. A man named Robert Croker was working on the scaffold at the railway-bridge, Albury, on Friday, when the scaffold gave way, and he was precipitated a considerable distance, and fell on the iron- work' of the "mon key," inflicting a lengthy wound.the entire length of the arm. Dr Andrews was soon in attendance, and found that besides the cufc, Croker:was a 'good deal bruised. The doctor had to put eleven stitches in the wound, and ordered the man's removal to the hospital. j Grant Approved, — Wiljiam Pendergast 20a, Hinnomunjie. ; 'Inspectors ' of " Explosives. — Messrs Henry Davidson, R. Arrowsmith and A. W. Craven, inspectors cf mines within the Beech worth mining district, have been appointed to act, temporarily, as inspectors of explosives, Special Licensing Area.— The town ship of Tallangatta and the Dark River Goldfield have been proclaimed a district where publicans' licenses may be specially granted. Chiltern Warden's Court, — At this court on Friday, before Mr Warden Foster, a lease on Attrey's line of reef was recommended to Messrs Nickles and Campbell, there being no opposition. Crossings at Wahgunyah. — 109 bales of wool, Tathong ; 340 sheep, McGeoch Bros. , for Beech worth ; GOOD feet of Mur ray pine, from L. West. Death by Burning. — A little girl, a daughter of Mr William Lowden, of Cudgewa, met with a fatal accident a few days since. The child was in a paddock keeping the birds away from the crops, when she incautiously approached too near a fire which had been lighted. Her dress caught fire, and before any assistance could he rendered, the child was so severely burnt that she died soon afterwards. The Irish Invinciblus. — Monday's "Argus" states:— The Irish informers who arrived by the Pathan have been kept under strict surveillance by tlie detectives, who have no doubt that the three mew whom they have forbidden to land are Kavanngh, Smith, and Hanlon. The Pathan leaves to-day for Sydney, at two o'clock. Theuce she will go to Newcastle. With regard to the action likely to be taken at Sydney, several telegrams have been received by Mr Service from Mr Stuart, the Premier of New South Wales. The tone of Mr Stuart's telegrams indi cates that the landing of the informers at Sydney will bo resisted, and that if they do land they will require police protection. Mr Service has also received a report that the suspects have stated that they wore put on board the Pathan by the English Government, that their passages were paid for them, and drafts for various sums given to them, and that fictitious names were in vented for them by the London detective force. The Premier has asked the chief commissioner of police to look up reports of the Phoenix-park murder- trials aud as certain what part the men now on board tho Pathan took in connection with the murder and the trials. The Premier will decide what further action is to be taken this morning. It is regarded as certain, however, that the three men will be com pelled to remain on board the steamer. Mr Service has considered the expediency of placing tliem on board the Nelson until they can be sent away, but this course is deemed impracticable. Our cable message states that Smith is understood to be going to Queensland. The " Morning Post," has commentetl upon the sending out of the informers a3 a deadly insult to the Australian colonies, which they are justi fied in resenting by the exclusion of the men. Sad Fatal Accident. — The infant daughter of Mr A. T. Glark, M.L.A. for Williamstown, named Annette Isabel, aged one year and eighteen months, was unfortunately drowned in a tub of water, in the garden of her father's residence at Williamstown, about 2 o'clock on Satur day afternoon, relates the " Telegraph." Mr McGregor, the child's grandfather, was watering some flowers in the garden at the time of the fatal occurrence, and he had seen the little girl on one of the walks a few minutes before her dead body was discovered in the tub of water. Tintaldra Mem. — The "Argus" corres pondent telegraphs: — The weather lias been very fine, and nights being cold, and the middle of the day hot. Stock Pass ings, July 28. — Twenty mixed cattle and oue calf from Khancolan, New South Wales, Mr Fred. Scammell owner for Melbourne. The total crossings for ,the month of July were 700 head of cattle, fat and stores, and one calf. A great deal of snow has fallen lately on the surrounding mountains. There has, been no rise in the Murray. Wesleyax Home Missions. — The Rev. Spencer Williams, general secretary of the Victorian Wesleyan Home Missions, will visit the North-Eastcru District during the next fortnight, and will advocate the claims of the Home Missionary Society in most of the leading townships. Mr Wil liams is an ex -president of the conference, and succeeds the Rev. John Watsford in tho office he now holds. His father was an exceedingly popular minister in the principality of Wales, and he has himself, from the beginning, taken a distinguished position in the ranks of the Australian ministry. Mr Williams, we understand, will preach at Bright and Wandiligoug next Sabbath, and at Beechworth on Sabbath-week, August 19th. Since the abolition of State aid to religion, the Wesleyan Home Missionary Society has been re-organised, and is making vigorous efforts to supply the ordinances of religion to the scattered population in the out lying districts of the colony, and to main- tain feeble churches in declining townships. An agent of the society lias just been ap pointed to the Upper Murray, and will, we are informed, commence liis duties next Sabbath. Mr Briggs, who has been ap pointed to this work, is spoken of as being highly qualified for this arduous but im portant post. The Late Intercolonial Ploughing Match. — It will be remembered that at the recent intercolonial ploughing match a protest was entered against the first prize in class C, for triple furrow ploughs, being awarded to Jno. Hulme, on the "round that he had not finished lii3 land at the appointed time. The protest was si"ned by several of the successful compe- titors m the same class, wno nan drawn their own money prior to entering it. The protest was considered at a meeting of the Ballarat, Agricultural Committee, held on Saturday, and was disallowed, says an " Age" telegram. It was decided to award the "prizes according to the judges' de cision. Hulme will therefore receive the prize. Maintenance Case.— At the Albury Police Court on Saturday, before Messrs McLennan and Affleck, J.P.'s, Patrick O'Sullivan was proceeded against by his , wife's sister, Louisa' Schrilder, for the maintenance of hi3 illegitimate child. The evidence, which disclosed great im morality, was conclusive. The defendant was last week charged with not maintain ing his wife, and was ordered to pay J5s per week. . On the present occasion he did not deny the paternity, and was ordered fo pay 7s 6d for six months. . The Phcenix Park Murders. — The following are the rewards which have been made in connection with the Phcenix Park murders and the successful investi gation of the case: — RabertFarrell, £1000; Alice Carroll, £500; Kavanagh, £500 and pardon; Lamie, £250; Smith, £250; Hux ley, £250; Emma Jones, £100; Mossley, £250 and passage paid; Hand and wife, £300; Joe Hanlon, £50; Treynor, £20; Noud, £10; McKeown and McEnerey, each £60 and passage paid; Gndden, £250; Superintendent Mallon, £1000, Bnd four members of his staff £100 each. s Wahgunyah Free- Library. — The annual meeting of this library was held in the reading-room of the institution on Friday, 3rd inst., to receive the balance- sheet and elect office-bearers for the en suing year. Mr Fraser occupied the chair. The hon. secretary (Mr Heales) read the balance-sheet and report, which were adopted. A vote of thanks to the late committee was passed, on the motion of Mr J. Smith, seconded by Mr G. H. Brown. Mr Scott stated that the late committee had done so well in the past it was only reasonable to suppose that they would do equally well in the future. Ho begged to move that they be elected as a whole. The motion was secouded by Mr D. Smith, and carried. A special vote of thanks to the hon. secretary and treasurer was moved by Mr Cams, and seconded by Mr Scott, for their untiring energy in for warding the interests of tho institution. The proposition was carried with acclama tion. A vote of thanks to the chairman concluded the business of the evening. The following is the annual report: — "To the Subscribers, — Your committee have now great pleasure in presenting to you the treasurer's statement of accounts for the year ending 31st Jul', 1SS3. We are pleased to be able to state that during the year we have purchased 204 volumes, at a cost of £41 3s 3d, works which wo hope have met with the general approval of the subscribers. We have, as you are fully aware, suffered a little through the re moval, notably in the ranks of our com mittee, having lost Messrs Canty and F. W. Browne, both of whom were, presi dents of tho institute respectively; but, notwithstanding, our total subscribers show a decrease of one only. As will be seen by the balance-sheet, we have han dled during the year the sum of £60, £41 expended in hooks, £11 for rent, aud am in a position to hand over to our succes sors a balance of £5 03 5d ; the remaining £3 ha3 been expended in printing and incidental expenses. We are sorry to have to inform yon that we find that no less than 50 works have been abstracted from the institute, hence the fact of our adopting the locking-up system, as we came to tho conclusion that other than subscribers wero using tho bosks. In handing over to you the affairs of the in stitute, we express a wish that tho future may be at least equal to that of the past. You will now be good enough, in terms of clause 71 of the rules, to elect a president, vice-president, treasurer, secretary, and a committee of three to manage the affairs "of the institute. — F. G. Heales." Mr Porter was elected president, Mr Haig vice-president; Messrs J. Foord, T. Ford, J. Cams, members of committee ; Mr F. G. Heales, secretary, and Mr A. C. Worth- ington, treasurer. Licenses Refused. — Daniel Mullan, 20a, Wodonga ; Daniel McCormack, 20a Wodonga; Edward Walsh, 20a, Wodonga- Matthew Parnaby, 20a, Wodonga ; John McCormack, 20n, Wodonga; John Flower, 20a, Wodonga; Win. H. Martin, 20a, El Dorado. Licenses Approved.— Archibald Lob- ban, 99a, Talgarno; John Bird, 79a, Tal- garno ; Henry Aulil, 102a, Wodonga ; Phillip 'kCook, 93a, Baranduda ; George Awburn, jun., S5a, Belvoir West ; James Draper, 120a, Wodonga; James Cleland, 119a, Baranduda; Alex. Cleland, 32a, Bar anduda; Elizabeth A. Sanderson, 76a, Balmatium; Robert Menzies, 320a, Killa- warraj; Ellen Carey, 45a, Laceby; Wm. Ambrose, 65a, Pcechelba ; Peter Egan, lGS-t. Boweya ; Wm. Myers, 51a, Glen- rowan; John Taggart, 47a, Laceby; Bryan Canny, 140a, Wangaratta South ; Mary J. Thomas, 224a, Wagra ; John Morrison, 150a, Everton; Henry Smith, ISa, Ber- ringa ; Kale Shelley, 20a, Wodonga ; Joseph Dobinson, 20a, Cudgewa ; Peter Walker, 20a, Myrtleford. Licenses Cancelled. — Thomas Atkin son, 150a, Everton. Lease Approved. — John Murphy, 109a 3r ISp, Hinnomunjie. New Licenses Issued. — John Arthur, 19a lr 32, Myrtleford : Henry Schlue,10a, Lilliput ; W. H. McNeill, 10a 2r 19p, Barnawartha; George Ablett, 20a, Myrtle ford ; John F. F. Blumner, 17a or 15p, Bright ; Hendry Boyd, 12a, Barwidgee ; John Patrick Brogan, truisferree of William Cherry, 20a, Bright ; Charles Connolly, If a Or 2p, Beechworth ; Geortre Croft, 2a, Bright ; George Chambers, Pfa, Berringa ; George Castle, 20a, Chiltern West ; William J. Cornish, 20a, Chiltern West ; John Cornish, 20a, Chiltern West; Julian Constantine, 20a, Myrtleford ; George Delaney, 20, Byawatha ; John Davis, 8a, Harrietville ; James Dundas, 20a, Eurandelong ; James Eaton, jnn., 19a, Lilliput ; Patrick Feely, 10a 3r 30p, Murmungee ; Thomas C. Farmer, 20a, Wodonga ; William Green, 16a lr 4p, Harrietville ; James Goldsworthy, 11a Carlyle ; J. Gow, 20a, Harrietville ; John Hourigan, 20a, Carraragarmungee ; John Howard, 19a 3r 32 p, Carlyle ; W. Huston, Sa, Carlyle ; Carl Harms, 20a, Murmungee; James Jillett, 20a, Carlyle ; Benjamin Ker shaw, 20a, Eurandelong; Daniel King, 20a, Norong; Charles King, 20a, Murmungee ; James Kee, 9a, Porepunkah ; William Meehan, 19a 3r 39d, Lillinut : Gordon Murray, 20a, Barwidgee ; Thomas Mac- quire, 20a, Norong ; Solomon Morris, 11a lr 16p, Harrietville ; Abraham Milne, 20a, Myrtleford ; John McMaster, 20a, Murmungee ; Henry Nott, 20a, Norong ; Charles Owen, 20a, Chiltern West; John 0'R.ourke, 7a lr 24p, Harrietville; Walter Perkins, 20a, Talgarno ; John Quirk, 16a, Tangambalanga ; Alexander Ritchie, 5a 3r 12p, Bnckiand ; M. Rossi, 10a, Yack- andandah ; Thomas Sangster, 19a 3r 20p, Bright; Richard Sammon, 18a Oi 31p, Carraragarmungpe ; Bridget Stapleton, 20a, Murmungee'; Thomas Trevyln, 20a, Chiltern ; Joseph Trevyln, 20a, Chiltern ; John Waldcn, 17a Or 3p, Freeburgh ; John A. Wallace, 17a 3r 30p, Blight; Michael Bourke, 18a, Bingo-munjie ; Joseph Fitzmayer, 9a, Cobungra ; Maria Gill, 19a, Hinnomunjie ; Lewis Gill; 20a, Hinnomunjie ; John G. Hodgson, 8a, Cobungra ; Joseph Richard Rawson, 11a, Bingo-munjie ; Joseph Sandy, 20a, Tongio-munjie West ; James White, 20a, Hinno-niunjie ; John White, 20a, Hinno munjie ; Samuel H. Young, 20a, .Hinno munjie ; Henry Foster, 14a, Cobungra ; Robert Hunt, 5a, Wangaratta ; Henry Hunt, 5a, Wangaratta; William R. Jarvis, 5a, North Wangaratta ; Michael O'Neill, 5a, North Wangaratta, Libel Action. — Mr Gilbert G. Smith, of Tooran, near Warrnambool, . has in-, structed his solicitor to issue a writ against the proprietors of: the Meihourne " World," claiming. £1000 damages for libel, alleged to have appeared in the issue of that journal of the 2nd inst., in con-" nection with the, action taken by him in reference to tho importation of coolie labor. : '"y<' .itm<ATIoyl..QF_ ju'g iNSPECIelt , uF Charities. — MrH. F. Neal, ihspectoFbf charities, has resigned his position on account of ill-health. He is' at present liv ing atKy neton, but his serious indisposi lion forbids the hope that he will' ever be able: to return to his duties. He is an old. : and valued Civil servant. In his office as in spector of public charities, Mr Neal ren dered signal service, and his reports upon nearly every charitable institution : in the country are (states the " Argus,") avail able in the Treasury for use when the Government decides to deal with the basis upon which these establishments re3t. Mr Service has accepted Mr Neal's resignation, and he will retire with com pensation provided for in the Civil Service Act. A Missing Rate Book. — -At the ordinary monthly meeting of the Yarra- wonga Shire Council, the new secretary brought under the council's notice that a certain rate-book was missing. In answer to Cc Bott, Rate-collector Bourke said ho had compiled his report from it in the month of March last, and he had not seen it since, reports the "Age" correspondent. In answer to Cr Patrick, Mr B >n: ko said that John Patrick Byrne was ;>.; i >g secretary at the time. Mr Byrne, in answer to the council, said that iie knew nothing about it. The loss of this book will be a serious obstacle to the auditors. ABlacxsmiths' Strike. — A little excite ment was visible on Monday morning when the news became general that the apprentices at the blacksmith's shops at Chiltern had struck for a reduction of the hours of labor, reports the "Standard." It appears that ten hours' work has been done by them. They demand a reduction be made to eight hours. Summonses to the police court have been served on the recalcitrant apprentices. Since writing the above it appears the matter has been so far settled that the apprentices have gone to work as ususal, and that no fur ther action will be taken. A Ghostly Adventure. — ThoGippsland " Mercury" has the following :— It is not often that members of the Fourth Estate are troubled with ghosts (unless it be the " blue-devils"); but tlie sensation was experienced by three of the brotherhood who, early on Tuesday morning, were wending their weary way up Foster-street-, armed with a bull's-eye lantern. They had proceeded as far as .Mr Bo wen'.-, when one of them exclaimed nervously, " Wh-wliat's th- that ?" and on the others looking round, a white anil ghost-like figure was seen gliding noiselessly dow n the centre of tho street. To say that the apparition froze the blood in their veins but feebly describes the feelings of the trio. The man with the lantern, whose lni: was in a perpendicular position, focii3sed the light on the object, causing it to make towards them, when a female voice came through the fog with the supplication, " Will no kind Christian give me shelter for the night ?" The men were themselves again ; but had there been only one, there is no knowing what might have been the consequences of this appeal ; but as there were three, a closer examination revealed the fact that the ghost was neither more nor less than a distressed female airily attired in her " robe-de- chambre" and a pair of stockings. A consultation was held, and at the request &f; the lady, the eldest and most paternal of the party escorted her, with the aid of the lantern aforesaid, to a friend's abode ; and the ghost scare ended, like Don Juan's ghostly adventure, in a woman. From subsequent inquiries it appears that the distressed one had been lodging with a female ac. quaintance, who had suddenly arisen in the night and threatened to deal death and destruction with a carving knife, or some other deadly weapon ; and hence the wandering of the fair (more or less) one, in her "deshabille.'.' BlfSHRANGING IN NEW SOUTH WALES. A - Sydney telegram to tho " Age" on Sunday states On Friday night two townsmen belonging to Glen Innes re ported that tliey had been stuck up and robbed about dusk by five mounted men between Glen Inne3 and Yarroficld Hotel, a wayside inn 6 miles from Glen Innes. Sergeant Wells and two troopers in plain clothes started immediately, but returned at two o'clock yesterday morning without having obtained any clue. Tliey have again gone out to the district. 