mmm. victoria coursing club. WATERLOO CUP MEETING- (By Wiuk,— (From our Sfkoial Rhi'ortkr,) THE OVAL, DIGGER'S REST.This Day. Tlio morning of Uio second day of tho Water loo Cup Mcoting wiiH ushorod ill with cold raw mint, which gave place to bright suiwhino beforo tho Oval wah roached. JLuoattondauco was good, but uot so largo ns that of yostorday, Tho hotting was iu favor of Hhodnntho, although Itonb Chargo and Capri wero well sustained Tho stewards havo docidod tlmt tlio byo in tho first round of tho Waterloo purso which resulted through Maid of OHborno boing withdrawn from tho Cup shall bo run by Lady Maryborough. Thin docision has mot with marked disapproval from tho majority of old courting 111011 as Maid of Oboruo being drawn from tho Cup, could uot bo in tho I'urse, which is thoroby reduced to 31 dogs, of which the last on tholist is, in ac cordance with recognised rules, entitled to tho byo. Shortly after II o'clock Gossoon and Reseda woro Blippod to a dodging barn, nud tho dog novor gavo ltescda a chance till nt least 12 points lmd boon scored. After that ok. cliangCH resulted, but tho work dono by ( ,ns soon, in which ho showed lots of quality, landed him winnor without reckoning tho kill. Legerdemain had the host of the next course etidiiigTom King and ropoatedty slowing hi:n self. Towards the ond of the cotir.10 Tom Kim got busy and killed, but tho othor was left tho victor, Capri, lod Crahtroo by threo longths driving well, and, wrenching freely, got tlio fiwt turn, nftor which Crah troo scored briefly. Then tho votoran camo again took tho noxt six, and turnod tho Imro to Crabtroe, who killed. Khodantho lo:l Queen Bcu by several longths, and got tho first turn, although tho cross business iudulgod iu by Air Fannlng's hitch is dangorou tog hor chances. Tho Boo did p lot of closo work, hut turning tin Imro to Khodantho (lie latter compliantly killed. Sorupisled Albs Rosy by I longths, and flecking in tho run up got tho turn ua- aided, and only once let il-isy in by favor soon nftor which Puss got to cover. Thrift led Rout Charge, who kopt well 011 tho lino of his luu-j, but ho showed signs of lobbing. When pant tlio troo Thrift wotked cleverly, and repeatedly snatched chances from the bl-ck, who ut cover side did good work. Giiuihln load I'husbo Marks by four longths, mul after tho turn rushod onto hor gnmo, rolling over with puss, held aloft in hcijmouth. Thus Phmho laid not a ghost of a show, Shrewd Girl lod I'irato II, and scored nil but two points in a clovorly run trial. The following nro the results WATERLOO CUP, For (34 all ages, at £25 oaoh. Winnor, £500 and a silver collar presented by tho club'; ruunor up, £200 ; two d«»gs, £50 onr-h ; four dogs, £30 each ; eight dogs, £20 ouoh ; six teen dogs, £10 each. III. Gossoon bent Reseda J.ogordoinnin beat Tom King. Capri bent Crabtrco Hhodnntho bent Quoea Bto Sorapis beat Miss U> ay Tlirilt beat Rent Cluuvo (iinilda bent Fhmbo Marks Shrowd Girl beat Pirate II. THE WATERLOO PURSE- For 32 dogs beaten in tho first round of tho Cup Winner, £75 ; secoud, £30; third and fourth £l5oach ; four dogs, £10 ooch, oight dogs, £5 cacb. I. Chanticleer ran a byo (Toviotdale drawn) . Sam beat Promotheus No Aloro beat Ballurat Judgo Afangana beat Royal Tar Traveller bout Alaino Cowslip II. boat Mail Boy Lady Maryborough ran a byo Master Robin beat Savanna ( iirotla 1 1, ran a byo (Coburg Boy drawn) Kunico beat Alornington Captivity beat Stranger Western Duchess bout Fact Golden Arrow boat Pntionco Loo boat Kow Worribeo Shadow beat Dutch Oron THE WATERLOO PLATE. For 1(3 dogs beaten in tho first tios of tho Cup, Winnor, £75 ; second, £30 ; third and fourth, £10 each ;four dogs, £5 each. I'.ullarat Judgo ran a bye (Kingfisher drawn) II oiling wortli ran a byo (Melfort drawn) Gooroc beat West Thorn Prosiierino boat Hauteur Guocn of Hearts brat Nutlad IV. Real Grit beat Pilot 1.1. jiob Audlc-y beat Lancastrian tlus beat The Secret 