A SO-CALLED ' " LINK "' BETWEEN MAN AND i THE AVE. Mu BOOK, In hi« recent expedition, has not boon uiilo to got hold of a humiui hoing with iv tail, but ho hun capturad und brought to this country a curious spooimon of tho human spcolci), whoso exhibition will most likoly give riso again to discussion on tho Dar- winian thoory. This representativo of tho "hairy peoplo " ia of tho lómalo sox, between six and sovon years of ugo, and is called " Krao." Jt is assorted that she is ono of a family capturad in thc jungle of Laos, the father having died of cholera in captivity, while tho chief of tho district in willoh tho capturo took place rcftiBcd to allow tho mothor to loavo tho country. In addition to hor hairy eovoring, tho pe- culiarities that distinguish " Krao " from nn ordinary human being aro a double set of teeth in the upper jaw, thu assorted presence in a rudimentary state of tho gorilla tusk, tho absenco of certain muscles in tho arm, mid of tho uppor ourtilago in tho car. Tho presumed oxistoneo of an extra rib and nu additional joint lu tho vertebra) aro also hold to indioato tho possibility of tho dovelopmont of a rudimentary tail. Tho expression ol' tho fen tu res ls pleasant, the face is round, somewhat flat, oyes largo, of a liquid brown colour, and vory expressive. Tho nose and cheeks aro somowhat bulbous, and Mr Fermi says that Inside the checks aro potiohliko cavities Bindiar to those in tile monkey tribo. Tho toes ns well us tho fingers uro prohcnsibla, and tho joints of both, as well as the solos of the font, omi bo bont backwards to a right anglo. " Krao '' is very good natured, is intelligent, and possessed of s> good memory. Sho repeats in English after Mr Fnrini sovornl fibrosos distinctly, dourly, und in rn tb or a musical voice. TlIK HOILNV HANDKD ON IMMIGRATION.-If til or O is one subject moro than another upon which tho working olassesaro Hablo to beguiled by long-winded agitators, it is immigration. Thoy novor attempt to reason out tho assortion that to bring inoroosed popu- lation to tho colony would decrease tho supply of work for those already hero, and so when tbcro is any movoment on foot to upposo immigration thoy roll up, cheer thospenkers, support the resolutions, and then adjourn to thu nearest tnvorn to drink to their mutual congratulations. Of course wo speak of only a section of the working classes. Tho better class of working mon may or may not approve of assisted immigra- tion ; but, as a rule, thoy hold themselves aloof from thoso demonstrations, organised by self Interested agitators. Out of tho 1000 men who nssomblod nt tho Circular Quay on Monday, probably one-half was miulo up of spectators who lind Btoppcd out of curiosity, and wharf loafors who would attend and cheer or howl at any mooting. Tho other half included a considerable number of apparently respect- able working mon, and it was only their presonco which entitles tho resolutions to thc slightest respect. -Jivho. Itoforring to the late contest between Bush and Laycock, " Charon," lu tho .Villi, writes:-Dcfonted scullers generally have nt tho shortest notlco most satisfactory excusos, at least as far as thoy themselves nro concerned, which fully accounts for thoir want of success. Rush has not followed tho examplo of tho majority ; ho has acknowledged in a fair and manly way his defeat, and has not made any attempt to temper it by any explanation of want of condition or any other disadvantage. Ho openly stated that at tho sturt ho was woll enough to win tho race. Lay cock's victory was so deoisivp and complota thnt I do not think it would bo in any way detracting from tho merita of his success to say that in tho opinion of many Rush did not appear at tho post in tho pink of condition. Fast experience hns proved mid Iiis last raco forms one moro instance that Rush cannot train himself, and that to arrivo at tho correct pitch of training ho only requires tho sorvicos of a competent and sovcre trainor, but ho requires to bo away from tho worry nnd cares of business. Tho Miohaol Rush winner of thc Funoh contest'is not tho man, if flt and well, to lot Laycock lend him by SO ynrds in two miles and a-hnlf. A most extraordinary soeno occurred in Dunvegan Look on 22nd January. Tho oroftors hoing under tho impression that somo fifty policemen woro on board tho Dunant Castlo on their way to Glendale, had assembled to tho number of more than a thou- sand, armed with staves, to provont tho constables from landing. At Colbost a boat was sent out to tho steamer, but tho intclligcnoo that no policoinan were on board wns rccolved with doubt. As tho stenmer passed on to Dunvegun tho uroivd of crofters fol- lowed on land, shouting and blowing trumpets. Tile policomcu in Dunvegan thought it prudent to leave beforo tho crofters arrived. Tho crofters marched up to tho hotel, and after a loud cheor returned ns they had como. No illegal act was committed by tho crofters while, in Dunvegan, and it ht «aid that tho recent assaults on tho police havo been greatly exaggerated. Tho " Hnrlom ghost mystery," which lins not boon of tho kind calculated to make tho occupants of the Ant happy, nor to cause thom to look on tho cheerful side of everything, hos at last been solved. Upon making an investigation lt wss found that tho gas pipe between tho ceiling nnd tho floor had becomo loosened, and that upon thc charging of tho gasomotors at tho gasworks daily tho pulsations caused tho gas-pipe to vibrate against the beam and plastering with snob great force as to cause tho peculiar manifestations. Similar pulsations through pipes aro used in Farts to move olocks in various parts of that city. Atmospheric pumps force air at Intervals of a second from a central station, and tho pressure, acting upon tho clocks simultaneously, furnishes correct time.--AC Y. Ti ibiinr. Consolations consolo only those who are willing to bo consoled. . "The art that conceals art," na tho thiof romnrkod when he slid an expensive oil painting under .his coat. ri 