SWEARING BY TELEPHONE ' 1 An interesting Buit has, been decided by the District Court of Cincinnati— that of A. H. Pugh against the City and Suburban Telephone Company. The question at issue was whether the word 'damn' is a profarie; word. The case came up on error to, reverse the judg ment of the Superior. Court. The peti tion recited' that ori April 1,1882, the plaintiff, wishing to communicate with a certain person on business, went to. the telephone in his, (the plaintiffs) office and: gave tho customary Blgnal. -The. operator at the exchange called ,ap the wrong , person, whereupon the plaintiff remarked . through the telephone, 'If you can't get the party . I want,' you may shut up your damn telephone,' and it was shut up and afterwards removed by the telephone company ; on the. ground that, profane language had been used through it, which is against the company's rules. The suit was brought to compel ? the company to restore., and maintain, a telephone in the plaintiffs office. The Court was. divided, Judges' Moore and Johnson giving an opinion favourable to the plaintiff. The majority of the Court was of opinion that the rule forbidding , the use of profane language through' the company's telephones was reasonable, and that the word 'damn,' whether it was to be regarded as a profane , or improper , ex pression, was in violation of the contrast and objectionable. It was scarcely neces sary to inquire whether the word 'damn' Is profarie or 'improper. The character of the exprossion is too plain to admit of argument.' Although not obscene or in violation 7of the Btatute, it is coarse, un becoming, and profane, or if not profane, is an improper word, aod the manner and iOccasion, of its use was low.and insulting. In ' his ., dissenting opinion, Judge Smith said 'that, admitting that the company may prohibit, the. uBe of certain language and adopt reasonable regulations, yet in the case of. a doubtful or uncertain expression it seemed to him that it should be 'distinctly pointed out as one of the forbidden. expressions. 'It is said the word 'damn'/ is , a profane expression. Napr, what is profanity ? . If we take the Decalogue, it says taking the name of ' God in vain. If we look at our statute, it is cursing or swearing, or using ^irreye- . rantly the name of God, Jesiis Christ, or the Holy Ghost. Profanity is nn irreve 'rerit expression towards God. If wo look for]a definition of the word ,' damn' in, a dictionary, wo; dp not find it among the terms of profane expressions. Tho ques tion is whether in a business .communica-. tion, where a party is somewhat ;,exoited, , having failed to got a proper communica tion, and uses the words 'Damn your ' telephone,' that is a sufficient ground for cutting off permanently the , use ? of the telephone for which'he had paid and de priying him of a vested right.' It seemed to him that- the judgment of the court below was wrong, and that the judgment of this court was wrong. 