Hin _3>_ïini_. astounding Australia. THURSDAY, M ARCH 5, 1883. -? ? In the Legislative Council, yesterday, Mr. DALLEY moved the third reading of the indemnity Bill. The motion was agreed to, and the bill was read the third time, and returned to the Legislative Assembly. I The Inscribed Stock Bill No. 2 and Rotton'. Estate Bill, were received from the Legislative Assembly, On the motion of Mr. DALLEY, the Inscribed Stock Bill was read the first time, and so much of the standing orders as would preclude the passing of the hill through all its stages in one day were suspended. On the motion of Mr. SMITH, Rotton's Estate Bill was read the first time. Mr. DALLEY moved the second reading of the Inscribed Stock Bill, and after some debate the motion was agreed to, and the bill was read the second time, and afterwards passed through committee without amendment, and returned to the Legislative As- sembly. The House adjourned at five minutes to 6 until 4 5 o'clock p.m. on Wednesday. j In the Legislative Assembly, yesterday, Ministers replied to question was respecting the Railway service, the classification of Orange Railway Station, the new stations at Spring-hill and Spring Grove, the footbridge for passengers facing Kite- street, Orange, the draftsmen on the permanent staff of the Colonial Architect's Department, the claim of John Larkin the fireman for injuries suffered by him at Emu Plains in January 1878, the £1000 on the Estimates for tom- | porary nBglatnnoo In the Survey Department, and the ' sewer from Prince Alfred Hospital. The Holey Estate Bill, and the Redhead Railway Bill, were referred to select committees for inquiry and report. Leave was given to Mr. O.iMunoN to bring in the Port's Dock Company Streets and Roads Bill, and the she was brought up and read a first time. A return of correspondence in relation to the conditional purchase of Mr. George Dougherty, at Gunnedah, was ordered, on the motion of Mr. GOULD. Petitions were presented, by Sir Wigram Allen, from Mr. Ambrose Thornley, praying leave for the introduction of a bill in reference to the estate of the late Mr. Ono Earnshaw and 2, by Mr. Burns, from Messrs. Salter and Barker, as attorneys for Mr. !.. 0. Morowothor, praying permission to be heard by counsel in support of certain proposed amendments in the Redhead Railway Bill. Mr. Di was laid on the table a further return in the case of the Austral, and it was ordered that it be printed. A message was received from the Legislative Council is returning the Indemnity Bill without amendment. The House then went into committee further to consider the postponed clauses and proposed amendments in the Rabbit Nuisance Abatement Bill. Clause 23, enacting that the Governor might, by proclamation in the (ViiupinmeiU Gazette, remit the 10 gistration fee for dogs in any district named in the proclamation, was negatived. Clause 55 was again moved and debated at great length, The CIBUBO enacted that any person who should set loose or knowingly permit any rabbit to be set loose in any part of the colony, or have a rabbit in his possession except in a cage, should on conviction forfeit and pay for such offence a sum not exceeding £100. Numerous amendments were moved, most of which were negatived. The amendments agreed to was to the effect that any person who should have in his possession a live rabbit, or who should introduce any rabbit Bcalpato the colony, should on conviction forfeit and pay for each offence a sum not exceeding 100, or in default of pay in one be liable to any term of imprisonment not exceeding six months. The remaining amendments made in the bill were not material. The bill was then again reported with amendments. The Inscribed Stock Bill was received from the Legislative Council without amendment. The House then again went into Committee of Supply, and the estimates for the services under the Secretary for Mines were brought forward. The estimate of £5 2,010 for the Department of Mines was reduced by the sum of £6110, being £000 the salary of the Chief Mining Surveyor, and an abate- ment of £50 in the equipment allowance of the Survey branch. The estimates of £0107 for minor roads, £13.675 for the occupation of IIUIHB, £15.58 for the Prevention of scab in sheep. 3750 for imported stock, tallow I for registration of brand-, £'.'3,027 for public tanks and wells, £500 for the management of pounds, and £13,0 for miscellaneous st races, were all agreed to. Credit was given in the Estimate for £15,583, which amount it was estimated was payable out of the Sheep Account Trust Fund. I The committee then proceeded to consider the city matCH which had been postponed from previous sittings. The estimate of £500 for the expense of the formation, and for the instruction of the Volunteer Naval Artillery, was debated, and agreed to without division. The postponed estimate of £7<K>0 to meet the probable expense of the maintenance of the Wolverine, pending future art Angerami., was next moved. It was opposed at some length by Mr. Trickett, but before a division had been arrived at progress was reported, and leave was given to sit again to-day. The House adjourned at 12 minutes to 2 a.m., to 4 p.m. this day, Thursday. In one respect it is very much to be regretted that the anti REDMOND meeting was so disorderly, that with one exception it was the most- disorderly meeting over held in Sydney, for such a fact taken by itself would seem to intimate that we. are not progressing socially and politically, ¡self-voatraiiit is of the very i essence of liberty, and where people do not govern themselves individually) they cannot be well self- governed as a community. It would be a bad sign if we were forced to the conclusion that our political freedom is not training our population to a rational self-control. It would be an injustice, however, to the people of this community if the disorder on Tuesday evening wore taken as typical, and if it were chargeable against the people generally. It was due to the action of a small number of persons who are not worthy of the liberty they enjoy, who are morally and intellectually below the level of their fellow-citizens, who at a signal can roar themselves hoarse about liberty, but who evidently do not know what it means. The liberal suffrage which pre- vail- here entitles them to show up at a citizens' meeting, but if they know their own terrible deficiencies their modesty would lead them either to remain away or to remain silent. But if, in one respect, the disorder was regrettable it given another side some satisfaction, It is a good thing that we should know the facts, and understand what Air. RICHMOND'S sympathisers, are like what "sort of people they are, and what sort of liberty they would let other folks have if they had the upper hand. We are a long way off from Ireland-so far, says Mr. REDMOND, that we are profoundly ignorant of its people and their long-suffering patience. We have, however, a little bit of Ireland here, and Mr. 11I.I>__ONI-'S clients have given as a slight taste of the stuff they are made of Out here they have not a grievance, or the ghost of a grievance. 1903 can be their own landlords to-morrow if they like, and they have more Home Rule than they know how to use wisely, and yet they set their faces against free speech, against law and order, and try to become a persecuting and tyrannical class, and threaten with personal violence a statesman whom they dislike. Mr. REDMOND assures us that in Ireland they are so law-abiding and peaceable that Mr. GLADSTONE'S Coercion Act was an unendurable insult. The proceedings of his friends on Tuesday evening form a rather unfortunate comment on this assurance. They let us understand a little what are the terrible difficulties in governing Ireland that Mr. GLADSTONE has had to contend with. The l.ednionditos out here are a small minority. They had against them, in their disorderly procedure, not only the police, but the immense majority of the peace- able population, and yet in spite of that they broke out into violence. We shall be wanting a Coercion Act here soon if this sort of thing is to grow. And let us imagine oratory ten times worse than what Mr. I.JSDMOND'S politic caution has allowed him to indulge in I here, inflaming Ireland from one end to the I other-cannot we understand how difficult it must have been for Mr, GLADSTONE to preserve I order, and yet do as little injury as possible to liberty ? If Mr. REDMOND'S followers had wanted to make us understand how necessary a Coercion Act which was nominally as well as really a Protection Act was in Ireland, they could hardly have given UB of more convincing illustration. "We cannot pay that we expect very much from the "scheme which the PREMIER has given us for the benefit of the aborigines. "While approving of the appointment of a Protector, Mr. STUART is of opinion that that functionary should he assisted by- a board " composed partly of officials and partly of gentlemen who have taken an interest in the Mucka, have made themselves acqainted with their habits, and are animated by a desire to assist in mis- into them from their present degraded con- dition." The board, which, we suppose, will be appointed by the Government, will be under the control of the COLONIAL SECRETARY and will be expected to render to him an annual report The board may have the power to establish Government stations in the interest of the aborigines, but in this way nothing very considerable seems to be contemplated. Nor is the PREMIER of opinion that the establishment, of Government stations should be encouraged. " While," he says, " I would not altogether shut out the idea of purely Government stations where necessary, I cannot say that I am favourable to them.'' From this it will appear that it is no part of the intention of the Government to start some national movement for the improvement of the condition of the blacks. What is specially contemplated is the rendering of assistance to voluntary movements, and this we have been doing, or have been supposed to be going up to the present. The only now idea in the scheme of the Government is that of the board. With all the rust the public will be familiar, indeed, Sir. STUART supports his own views by a reference to the views of Sir John llonicitTHON. " This view," he says, " was taken by Sir JOHN IJOJIEJITSON when acting for my predecessor, and he then promised to supple- ment the voluntary of forts of the society and the IIIÍHPÍOUS which are befriended by it." It is well known that in the matter of these aboriginal stations the late Government promised more than it performed, and it may be that Sir JOHN -UoivmnsoN promised more than he would be disported to promise again. However that may be, it is as well that the public should know exactly what the present Government propose to do, and from the minute which has been prepared by the COLONIAL SECRETARY, and approved by the Cabinet, it may be gathered that while there is to be a slight alteration in the machinery by which we have sought to give aid to the blacks, there is to be little or nothing beyond this, for the most part, we are still to content ourselves with giving assistance to voluntary organisations, " which,'' says the PREMIER, " should he aided on some recognised scale as well as by gautrot' land where necessary on which to locate the blacks." SUCH is the idea of the Government as to what is best to be alone for the aborigines. Til H general opinion will probably be not only that this scheme promises little, but that the little it does promise is not free from objections. Our conviction is that any movement initiated by the Uo vern meet in the interest of the aboriginal should be a national movement. We have not deemed that grant-in-aid systems are sufferers in the matter of the education of the whites, and there are special reasons for not contenting ourselves with those in deal- ing with the blacks. The lands which were once owned and occupied by these people are now in the hands of the public at large and on that account, if on no other what is done in the direction indicated should be by the public generally. This is surely a sphere in which philanthropy is the special obligation of the State. The aborigines ought not to be left to the tender mercies of either churches or societies. It would be easy to show that if anything worth talking about is to be done for the aborigines the State will have to undertake it. It is well known that at present we have little more to show for our labours in the past than the establishments at Warangesda and Maloga. Both of those establishments are missions rather than training establishments. The Maloga Mission is, we believe, a private enterprise ; the Warangesda Mission belongs to the Church of England. Some time ago it was maintained that the establishment at Waran- goods was a purely undenominational affair. That can be maintained no longer. At the meeting of the Church Society last week the secretary stated that a small amount of the funds of the society had been contributed to the Waran goods Mission to the Aborigines in connection with the Diocese of Goulburn s and at the same meeting the Bishop of GOULBURN " expressed his gratitude to the Church Society for the grant of £50 which they had made M that very admirable mission Warangesda.' The fact that the Diocese of Goulburn had taken the responsibilities of the Warangesda Mission is a hopeful one. Other dioceses and other Churches might take a hint from such an attempt to widen the range of denominational action. But there is nothing at Warangesda which any of the large denominations ought not to be able to manage alone. Nor is it any use hiding the fact that a scheme for making grants of money and land to the conductors of denomi- national missions, even for the aborigines, will certainly create mischief. Any promises made to either of the existing stations ought to be kept, but we confess to some disappointment at finding that after the inquiries and reports we have had nearly all that the Government propose to do is to subsidise voluntary agencies. The lessons which other people have gathered from some of the inves- tigations of the past are not exactly those which Mr. STUART says he has drawn from the two reports of the Protector. ' If the Government had turned to the report of the Commission which a few months ago inspected the stations at Warangesda and Maloga they might have questioned whether the proposals they now submit were likely to meet the necessities of the case. The Commission told us that what was being done at -*la*°S*| and Warangesda was better than nothing, he that was about all it was able to say. TIM result of the examination of the children as a not satisfactory, and the classification of the . inmates generally was defective. Little industrial teaching of any description was given, and the only apparent aim was t**u,t.J7 supplying some moral training along was the rudiments of knowledge. The condition of these establishments twelve months ago may not be their condition to-day, but what guarantee has the public that it is not? What is done for the aborigines should M well done, and with a view to this the work that is undertaken under the auspices of a. statue should be by State agency. There will be room enough for voluntary associations When the Government has done its utmost, and this is a branch of philanthropy in which the State had better do its work separately, ¡ leaving the Churches to do the same. We have a sufficient number of partnerships in other branches of philanthropy. No one would say that the grant-in-aid system has worked well in many of our charities, and it is a grant-in-aid system chiefly that is recommended in the Government minute. For some purposes a board is to be preferred to a pro Bidinar officer, but we do not feel sure that in dealing with the aborigines' management by committee will turn out to be better than Individual management. The chief recommendations of the committee of last year were the substitution of the boarding-out system for the herding system at present followed, and the establishment of aboriginal stations by the Government. These recommendations, although eminently reasonable, do not seem to have commended themselves to the present Administration. The late rainfall in the interior should bring us some immediate profit and much practical knowledge. It has rained, and in earnest, upon those areas which are very seldom blessed with more than a passing the wer. We hear of rivers miles wide in the heart of the continent, of tanks and dams full, and a creek backed up for a mile and three-quarters on the Albert Goldfield ; of opportunity, in short, for thoroughly testing those diggings about which so much has been heard, but from which so little has been received. The rain at Mount Browne, at Milparinka, and at Tibbooburra, will enable the diggers to work, and will also enable the people of the colony to form an estimate of the value of the field by the results that under more favourable circumstances might possibly be obtained. Hitherto the miners have been compelled to wash their dirt in puddles, or to extract the gold by a laborious and wasteful and half effective dry-blowing process. Now they can go to work with cradles and tubs, and on the Evelyn Creek a little careful sluicing may and probably will be attempted. The heat of the summer is also broken, and a fair day's work will be possible and there is no good reason why three months hence we should not have as much reliable knowledge of the reefs and leads about Mount Browne as of those which made any other of the digging townships in more accessible localities. But whatever maybe the effects of the rain upon those) far back digging-", and whatever may be shown of their future possibilities, it is certain that in other ways immediate opportunities are offered which should not be neglected or lost. There is scarcely a claypan or waterhole or billybong in all the interior country of New South Wales which does not just now hold a certain supply of water not enough to render the country about it available as permanent pasturage, but enough to afford supplies to men constructing reservoirs or boring wells to store the lains of the future, squatters fighting the wilderness country between the lower Darling and the Murrumbidgee frequently send out men with, tanks of water to Construct small supply tanks, which, being filled, afford a supply for larger efforts, and moving step by step in this fashion, three or four tanks are made before it is possible to send out ploughs and scoops and begin the larger work which will enable a paddock to be stocked, The late rains have rendered work of that sort unnecessary in all the North Darling country, and will our Government take advantage of the opportunity nature has afforded There are scores of likely places in the great stock routes where diamond drills might now be set to work. Would it not be advisable, then, to lift the drills from their pleasant and possibly profitable work about the coastal towns and to send them out to country accessible but through a few brief months, till the waterholes give out and the herbage burns up P And what-will the squatters do? What can they afford what may they venture to do P The finest season the colony has known for the past ten years must have wonderfully increased their credit, if it has not yet augmented their funds. Promise dawns ahead of them in whatever way they turn. Good markets for wool and mutton and a grass crop that guarantees surplus for both. There should be no lack of resources if there were a certain hope of an equitable law and there should be such a hope. The abolition of auction sales is an earnest of the good intent tion of the Government. It must at least set some means free, but will it be safe to utilise those means The law of conditional purchase still holds, and the most enterprising squatter in the land knows that while that law holds he has but a seven days' lease of his run, and thus the full claypans and the fresh growth of herbage on the sand hills afford water and food to but some few wandering sheep, or, perhaps, are left purposely to the kangaroos and the wallabies, while the station stock is crowded on to the frontages to hide the true fertility of the soil, or to be used as weapons in the old war. It is a matter of infinite regret that so great a blessing as the recent almost universal rainfall should be wasted or lost through the influence of senile moribund, it may be-but still elec- tive, though condemned, laws. Mr. M'ELHONE and Mr. TAYLOR have both been to their constituencies, and have both been sent back again. It might have done them both good if for a time the electors had relegated them to private life. The older man has done some good service, though he has done it in so bad a way as to deserve a reprimand from a virtuous constituency. The younger one is a man of promise, but as yet of no performance, and might with advantage have been left to mature. The constituencies appealed to, however, have not thought proper to alter the constitution of the House, and the same sort of personal quarrelling may go on again, though we trust not with the same foolish and ineffective result. To do Mr. TAYLOR justice, the older man was the aggressor. Mr. M'ELHONE has become more than Usually autocratic and domineering since the last . East Sydney election, and If he wishes to retain ' his seat, it is fortunate for him that he did not have to appeal to East Sydney to justify his onslaught on Mr. TAYLOR. He would have found that it was neither himself nor the elegance of his style that bewitched the metropolitan constituency, Even as it is he returns to the House humbled. J He has only just snatched a victory at the Upper Hunter, and he has been heavily defeated at I Mudgoo. Popular as Mr. TAYLOR has shown himself to be among his neighbours, he has not by his speeches improved his position in the country. Ula substitution of a wholesale accusation against other members for an apology for his own mis- ; conduct is not the way to raise himself in public I estimation. He must level up and not lower down a ne is to command sympathy and respect. he can have no political prospects on more defama- tion. Di SnTATrvrAVs resignation of his position is resident medical officer of the Sydney Hospital was the proper thing under the very peculiar cir- circumstances which have grown up around him, and will doubtless be a relief to the committee as a cause of satisfaction to the public Not that Dr. SHEARMAN stands convicted of professional income parents, or of my open offence in mist hospital dis cipher or customs, but because he has displayed a petulance and irascibility, and an absence of that the necessary to fit him for the particulars a position in which he was placed Dr Í-JIIJ-AKWVN may be a most excellent surgeon or physician, but he has been a most unfortunate administrator But a larger matter than that of the resignation of a house surgeon was discussed at the latest monthly meeting of the hospital directors, in the recommendation of the house committee that a general super in tendent of the hospital should be appointed The board could not agree upon this business, and agreed to postpone it for a month, but I will they be found more in accord a month hence ' than now, and it in accord will they be able to agree upon the man they may deem it desirable to appoint 3 The question is surrounded with much difficulty. A superintendent is wanted at the hospital-a man to control the internal arrangement, supreme in authority over all nurses, doctors, and patients, but himself responsible to the Hospital Committee it is not necessary that such a man should be a doctor, but he must be a man of brohad uniform ition and special knowledge, land possessed of a good administrative faculty, These qualifications being insured, if he is a doctor I so much the better , but, induce them, all the I degrees of the schools should not help him one a step towards the position. The committee, having made up their minds to the want will probably move with all leisure to supply it, but if they are successful in their choice, they may be pardoned their leisurely method of procedure, in consideration of the advantages that would certainly follow a judicious appointment 