Two tilings have been demonstrated in an unmistakable manner by the appeal to the country, namely, that a vast majority of the electors throughout the whole colony will not have land nrsmt railwavs at unv nrice : nor will they sanction the introduction of coolies from British-India. ~\Ve do not pretend to be able to see further iuto a millstone than our neighbours, but, as journalists, it is our business to discern the signs of the times, and for several years past nothing has been clearer to those who paid attention to these signs than that public opinion was decidedly against both land grant railways and coolies. The Telegraph has consistently and persistently maintained that if once the populous constituencies .were afforded a fair opportunity of pro nouncing on either one or other of these projects, the verdict would be condem natory. The result has proved the cor rectness of our conclusions, and has shown that all the passionate denuncia tion of our ignorance, stupidity, and local prejudice which our contem poraries on the Ministerial side have so freely indulged in, has recoiled on their own heads. They are obliged now to tatb back, with as good a grace as they can, the accusations which their own want of foresight had led them into making. They must now acknowledge to them selves, if they do not admit it openly, that they allowed party political zeal to so utterly mislead them respecting the general drift of public opinion, that what they took to be popular senti ments are so unpopular as to be held only by a small minority, and that minority is composed for the most part of persons who are actuated by motives of self-interest in supporting such proposals, and their friends and de pendents who cannot or dare not form an independent opinion and give effect to it at the ballot bos. Even in the less populous con stituencies, where independent opinion has been able to assert itself and secure articulate expression, the system of land grant railways, which the Premier is pledged to establish in this colony or die iu the attempt, has met with but scant favour, while hip proposal to make provision by which the sugar planters could substitute coolie for European labour on their plantations has met with more strenuous opposition even than his land grant railway scheme. _ No matter how thebalance of the elec tions may terminate, we may safely con clude now that the colony is saved, for some years to come at all events, from tho overwhelming danger which threa torial journals will now have to find fresh ground, of accusation against us, and the Ministry which they still cling to so desperately will have to change front once more if it determines to meet Parliament, and try the effect' of a new bid for support. by enunciating a bran new policy in the Vice-regal Speech at the opening of the forthcoming session. After having created so many precedents for them selves in defiance of all constitutional rule and practice as laid down by the highest authorities, and accepted as binding in every other part of the Brit ish Dominions whore representative gov ernment exists, it will be a very easy matter for the M'Ilweaith Ministry to add one more precedent to tho list, and make another vigorous effort to retain power if only a majority of the new members can be won over to their side by a new policy that does not include land grant railways, either in the ab stract or tho concrete, and is dead against coolies from British-India in sufficient numbers to enable tho sugar planters to dispenso with European labour. Wo do not think tho now bid for power, if made, will bo accepted': but to stand any chance of success it must be a bold ono. In the first place, the Premier will have to eat his own words about the credit of the colony in tho London money market being well-nigh ex hausted. He has certainly tried his best to exhaust it during the four years ho has been in office. He has borrowed seven millions during that time, and has nothing to show for it in tho coast districts except about 150 miles of branch lines of railway, some river improvements at Brisbane, some attempts at river improvements in the Mary and Fitzroy, and some trifling har bour improvements at Townsville, Port Douglas, Cooktown, and possibly one or two other places. Such lavish borrow ing is enough to seriously strain the credit of any young colony, and the Premier has been up and down the colony during the Parliamentary recess, from Dan even unto Beersheba, pro claiming that railways in the interior must bo made, and if they are made with borrowed money railways on the coast are out of the question. Now the man who is Premier during tho next four years in this colony will have to make some railways on the coast, whether the trunk lines are further extended into the interior or not ; and it will have to bo done with borrowed money. During the past four years the people in the coast districts have been played with, and fooled, and humbugged, with sur veys and fresh surveys, and pretended doubts as to which were the best routes, and open barefaced bidding for poli tical support before any route for a branch railway was decided upon, aud after all the lines were never made, only promised. Deducting from the list* that wretched political swindle, the Bundaberc and Mount Perrv line, for which the previous Ministry was respon sible, and the Maryborough and G-ympie line, to which the colony was committed when the M'Ilwea.ith Ministry took office, their branch railways in the coast districts amount to thirteen miles, from Brisbane to Sandgate; sixteen miles, from Maryborough to Burrum; and eighteen miles, of a wretched line towards Passifern. Several contracts have' been let during the last two or three months for short lengths of line in other directions on the coast, ated are all the Ministry have to show in the way of coast lines during their term of office. The Premier has stated orer and over again that he does not believe in railways in the coast districts except as ' political railways,' -which must mean bribes for political support without reference to the prospect of such lines becoming remunera tive in any reasonable time after completion, or the contrary. He voted for the Sandgate line, while affirming that it would not pay for the grease used on the wheels of -the rolling stock, and he and his late Minister for Works fooled the public m the coast districts to the top of their bent with surveys, without any real intention of constructing railways, except Jittle bits here and there when the demand for them became irresistible. There is no reason to suppose that the Premier has changed his mind in the slightest degree on the subject of branch railways in the coast districts during the last six months, but he will have to act as though he had if he remains in power. Then again, with regard to the rent of runs benefited by the extension of the trunk lines of railway into the interior he will have to reverse his policy. Almost the last speech he made in. Parliament contained an emphatic avowal that the pastoral tenants of the Crown could not afford to pay higher rents than they were now paying. The Premier who holds office during the nest four years will have to get moro for a con siderable portion of the pastoral land of the interior in some shape or other ; the only question left to decide being the particular way in which it can best be done. And a third reversal of policy will have to take place in respect to providing for the settlement of a larger population on a portion of the most accessible pastoral land of the interior by making -it possible for men of small capital to occupy their ten or twelve square miles of country at a fair rent on a secure tenure. This has been a thing that the Premier has been as bitterly opposed to hitherto as even Mr. Moke head, Mr. Stevenson, or other ultra squatters. It would be easy enough to mention other things which will have to be taken in hand by the Ministry which holds office in the new Parlia ment — taken in hand, too, in an earnest hearty manner, not in the perfunctory shuffling make-believe style in which the M'Ilwkaitii Ministry have been dealing with the subject of branch railways in the coast districts during the past four years. Will Sir Thomas be able to inspire sufficient confidence in the new Parliament to be trusted to undertake this work ? A Ixhs. — We regret to learn that tho vrifo of tho Eev. Henry Wiles, Wesloyan Minister, Fortitude Valloy, died of typhoid fever at the parsonago yesterday. Wo understand that two or three of the children have suffered from the same disease, but tho only fatal caso in tho family is that of the wifo and mother. 8mallpox.— We regret to state that two moro cases of smallpox woro discovered on board tho Bteamer Duke of Westminster, the patients being Miss Boid, a socond cabin pas senger, and tho chief officor. Both have been rfmoved to Bird Island, and tho remaioinR pasaengora on board will bo removed to Peel Island. Dk. Simms. — last ovoning Dr. SimmB* lec ture on love, courtship, and marriage, drew a crowded audience' to the Town Hall. Ho cn tortainod his hourors with, a most tolling leoturo whioh brought forth ropeatcd cheoring and laughter, and nil socmed to onjoy it. By request ho has consontcd to repoat tho lecture this evening, which will bo his last leoturo in Brisbano. EtRB at Townsvimb.— Tho Commissioner of Police has received a tolegram from Towns villo fltatingr tlmfc tho clock tower of the Town Uall at that place caught (ire on Sunday ovon ing, in consequence of a gaB jot, used for illu minating the clock face, boing too near tho woodwork. The polico and tho firo brigade were on tho spot within four minutes of tho alarm being given, and 1 ho firo was quickly Bub duod. The damage done wub vory alight. Frarann Railway Accommodation.— Tho Highllolds brano'i of tho t'outhorn andWestorn Railway will bo oponed on tho 17th instant. Iho Clorinont Bailway will bo oponod to Nobo is soon as tho timo tiblo has boon arranged, ffhich i'. will bo immediately. Life Boat Band of Horn. — A correspon dent writes : — 'A soiree was hold in tho Freo Methodist Church, Ann-street, on Friday last, to celebrate tho annivorsary of tho abovo Band of Hopo. Tho Bov. Osborno Lilloy occupied tho chair. There was a good number of peoplo prcsont, who seomed to onjoy tho long pro grammo provided. Tho principal fouturo in tho programme seemed to bo a round whioh was given by tho Misses Kobinson. Tho Drum and Fifo Bacd played somo selections during tho ovoning, which helped to onliven tho pro ceedings. Tho piano which was uaod was kindly lent by Messrs. Boole and Co During tho evening tho officers wero elected for tho ensuing yoar.' Young Women's Institdtb.— By advor tisoment it will bo seen that a concert is to bo givon to-morroiv evening in the Concert Boom, over Messrs. Bcalo imd Co 's piano warehouse, (Jueon-atrcet, in aid of tho funds of tho Young Womon's Institute. An excellent programme is announced to bo rendered by somo of tho leading amateurs of Brisbano. Tho instituto has been furnished by subscription with tho object of providing a temporary homo for governesses and young ladies seokiug situations; and it has already been found very useful by this class. It is quilo unsecturian, as will bo Boon by tho namoB of tho ladies' committee, which appears in our advertising columns to day. An Important Sooieiy. — We have received the twenty-third annual of the Amalgamated fociety of carpenters and joiners for tho yeur ending last December. And a vory impor.'ant socioty itis. Its total worth at tho ond of 1882 wa9 £52,112, or £2 10s. old por member. Tho roport stutes that tho building trade in tho TJnitod Kingdom was much moro prosperous than in the four preceding years, tho ship joinering branch having had an activity almost without parallel. And the general eocretary looks for a continuance of this satisfactory state of things. The net income for tho year was £59,363, an increaso of £4,649 on the previous year; -while tho expenditure was £43,934, or £1,428 less than in 1881. This benefit society has branches in all parts of tho world, includ ing, of course, Australia and Now Zealand — in all 376. A House Killed — A. collision between two carts, resulting in the death of a horse, oc ourred in Stanley-street, South Brisbano, last evening. A young man named John Cook was driving along tho street in a baker's cart, belonging to Sir. Wuersohing, when ho was met by a cart in which were a man named Charles Williams and liis wifo. He endeavoured to pull out of tho way, but could not do so, nnd a collision followed. Fortunately none of tho occupants of tho cartB wero hurt, but one of tho shafts of Williams' cart ran into Wuersching's horse and injured it so severely that tho poor animal died a few minutes afterwards. Wil liams was brought up at tho polico court, this morning, and fined £2, with tho alternative of forty-eight hours' imprisonment, for being drunk while in charge of a horso and cart. Tiieatbe Boyal. — Seldom have Brisbane playgoers witnessed a bettor representation of ?'Hainlor.' than that givon last night at the Theatre Eoyal by tho Holloway managoment. Mr. Holloway, in forming hia company, has displayed great judgment. Ho has succeeded in getting together actors and actresses who are well at home in whatever line of the drama they are called upon to adopt for the timo boing. From the 'Lights o' London' to 'Hainlot' is a long step, but it was fully justified last night. It is true the company is not a large one, but -as somo of the leading members of it do not object to ' double' parts tho company is, practically, as satisfactory as though tho treasury wero weekly called upon to pay salaries to a much more numerous body ' of players. Tho public ovi dently had faith in the company as regards their power of rendering Shakespeare's master piece, for they mustered in strong force, especially in tho Btalls and pit, which were filled to inconvenience. Although the play was only put on for one night, nothing was on that account left undone, either by the manage ment or by the company, which would tend to its fitting representation. The scenery, eomo of it quilo new, and the costumos, woro ex cellent-, and the dialogue ran .without a stumble on the part of any of the characters. Mr. W. 3. Holloway — a Shakespearian to his finger nails, as the French say — undertook the part of SamUt, and we greatly regret that we cannot give a detailed criticism of the performance, which wag a inoBt artistio ono at all points. Ho give all tho great Bpeeches most effectively. Nor waB his a mere hackneyed rendering of old precedents. In several cases he struck out a new lino for himself. His ' make up' was vory satisfac tory. Mr. Jevrett took tho parts of Laertes and the First Player, in both of which he acted with considerable power. Mr. Charles Hollo way's ghost was a very moritoriousporformance, and Mr. Oily Deeriug is to be greatly compli mented on his Poloniiu. As tho grave-digger, too, he was quito at home. Mr. Douglas took the ungrateful part of The King, and played it like the conscientious actor he is. Mr. H. tftoneham was an excellent Horatio, and Rosencrantz and Guildenslern found good representations in Messrs. Noil O'Brien and A. Kolfe. Much interest was excited as to tho manner in which Miss Essie Jenyns would play tho very trying character of Ophelia. She camo out of the ordeal bravely. In tho earlier portion of the play aho played with nice womanly feeling, and in her mad eceneB Bhowed herself a genuine artist. Her little Bnatches of song wero capital, and tho mingled uppcaranco of vacancy and grief admirably pourtrayed. ThiB young actress is ono of thoeo who, happily, has the sense to know that there is always something more to ccquireontheetage, and so shoisalways learning. Miss Carry George, aB we have before had occasion to say, iB a treasure to any company, her versatility being endless. Last night sho took the part of the Queen with admirable dignity, which, after the lecture from hor Bon, gave way to most natural grief and mortifica tion. She was most regally costumed. Miss Conatanco Dcorwyn looked and played the part of the sauoy page Osric to tho evidont satisfac tion of the audionce. The applause was loud and continuous throughout the piece, and there were recalls at the end of ovory act. To' night Tom Taylor's best comedy, ' Still Watrrs run Deep,' will bo performed with Mr. AV. J. Hol loway as John Mildmay, followed by the come diotta 'A Silent Woman.' 