CHILDREN'S CORNER Was it a Dream? [WRITTEN FOR THE QUEENSLANDER.] BY MRS. W.B. GRIFFITHS. "AUNT, do you believe in fairies?" asked little Maudie, in a solemn voice. Little Maudie was evidently in a reflective mood this morning. It was drawing towards schooltime, but she took no heed of the fact; something elae seemed to occupy her thoughts, and though she appeared to be watching the frolics of a couple of young kittens I doubt if she even saw them. Maudie was a thoughtful child. Only eight summers and winters had passed over her curly head, and, as she sat there on the kitchen door step, with the warm sunshine flushing her rosy cheek and playing bo-peep through her wealth of fair hair, she did not make a bad picture of a fairy herself. Aunt Bessie paused in her task of making the well- kneaded dough into loaves and rolls: for aunt was a notable housekeeper, and would have scorned to buy bread while her own busy hands were capable of making it. "Fairios, indeed! I think, Maudie. your own hands are the only fairies that will ever help you; and if you only put them to good use you will never need any other." "Yes, aunt; but I mean real fairies—little men and women only so high—have you ever seen any?" "No, child; and people here at Charters Towel's do not believe in such things. You must go to tho old country for such nonsense. But what makes you think of such stuff ?" and aunt made a vigorous attack on an unfinished loaf. "Because I saw some of them last night, and they took me away out in the bush such a long way, and there was such a lot of them— hundreds, I think; and they brought a nice seat—just big enough for me to sit .on. It was covered with the skin of a kangaroo, fringed with feathers fastened with real gold; the fairies said they had plenty of it, and some times they put it in claims that are paying badly, just to encourage the miners. I asked them to put some in ray father's; do you think they will ?" " I am afraid, Maudie, if God has not put the gold there ages ago, that the fairies have very Ettletodowithit." " But, don't you think, Aunt, that God him- Belf employs them to do his work ? You tell me sometimes of good spirits that are watching over us—and they are such dear little creatures. I wanted to go with them, so they put two long poles under the seat, and they all lifted it up; you can't think how strong they are." " And where did they take you ?" inquired Auntie, willing to humour her little niece. "Right along the railway line; it was easier to carry me along the rails than going through the bush ; and they took me right up to that big cave, you know; only instead of the place being covered with rocks it was all nuggets of gold?' " Why didn't you bring home some ?" inquired Aunt, slyly; then you coultt go to the show next week, and we could buy a great many useful things besides." " The show can't be as wonderful as what I saw in the cave; and then you know, Aunt, the gold was not mine to take; and though the little people were very kind they did not offer me any for my own, and I did not like to ask for it. I saw them packing up the small bits, and they carried them away to put in some poor claim to make the crushing good." Auntie smiled. "Why, Maudie, they are useful as well as pretty! I shall become a firm believer in them; and what else did you see ?" " Oh, you remember those queer nests stuck on the roof? Some of the ladies said the swallows had made them of mud ; they are nothing of the sort, but little beds for the baby fairies ; they are lined with the skins of bats, as soft as velvet, and the outsides are diamonds and pearls, only we can't sec them with our mortal eyes—the little people told me that; and they shifted a large stone at the back of the cave, and showed me a big cake of gold. It was queer, but somehow I knew it was the missing Day Dawn gold. I asked them what they were going to do with it, and they said the share holders had plenty, so they would cut that up and divide it among poor people. Do you think that that was right ?' f "No, Maudie, I do not? and if you rcmora bered your Sunday- school teaching you would tell your little friends that they should never do evil that good may come of it." "Well, they put the stone down again over the gold, and then they led me through a narrow passage in the rock. It was such fun ! In some places I had to squeeze myself up so small that it made them laugh, and that sounded liko silver bells ringing. Presently we came to a big strong door. I was curious to know what was inside, so they opened it with a big key it took four of them to carry the key—and tho door made a noise like loud thunder as it rolled back; then I saw a big cave—l couldn't see tho end of it —and it was full of b^ack men and gins and little picaninnies, all as silent as the grave ; it made me tremble when the fairies said these were the ghosts of all the blacks that used to live about the Towers before the white men ever saw it, and that they would have to stop here till the Day of Judgment. I was so frightened! they looked at me with such cold stony eyes." "I should think you were, my dear; and I will take care you don't have a mince-pie again when you arc going to bed." "Why, Auntie, what has a mince-pie to do with the things I saw? and if it hadn't open for tho black people I should have enjoyed my trip. But that was my own fault; they would not have opened the door, only I asked them to; so it was a punishment for my curiosity." " Well, cliild, let it be si lesson to you not to be too imiuisitive. Rut, how did you net home?" " I can t ivinembcr t-Imt : I have tried all the morning, but iv is no use. 1 think I must have walked i);,ck, 1 . .ausu m!icii i woke My f«'<*t were as cold as ice, and u\y hcdgnwn f('l>- quite damp—with tin1 dew, 1 suppose." "Dew- • fiddlestick 1" Aunt I'essie, grimly. " V"M kicked oft' the bed-cover, and got cold ; and as to the damp, little Tom is accountable for that. It was nothing but a dream, child, the result of our lnte picnic ; and as to the gold, I hope your father will tell ua he has struck a good reef when he comes home. Now tie on your hat, and run to school, or you will be late, and then the teacher will frighten you as much as the black ghosts did." Little Maudie obeyed, but she was sorely troubled; and three bad marks were put against her name for inattention, because nor mind was fully occupied with the question: "Was it a Dream?" 