HALLOWE’EN. Lᴇᴛ me lift up my voice in praise of Hallowe’en, when young faces are beaming full mirth and joy, and old ones are bright with the remembrance of happy bygone times. This is the nicht of Hallowe’en, When a’ the witchess may be seen; Some black and some green. Lech hou! for Hallowe’en. Lads are devising schemes of pleasure innumerable, and casting an eye to the hailyards doomed to suffer through some ferny. . Lasses are wondering what sort of stock they will geot, straight and comely or bowed and crooked, sad whether they will born some one nameless by nut proxy ; and the little ones too are exca vating away with gully knives at their turnip lanterns, and advising with their seniors what-' . kind of face to make on it that will be most fearsome. Brave old Hallowe'en! But oh ! what a miserable relic of olden times, a mere shadow of the Hallowe'en of the past, is ounr elegant festival ; insensibly the mind reverts to those dim hoary periods in the world's history when tradition tells us of it's origin. Antiquaries trace it, they say, from the Roman Ferralia, at which prayers and ob lations were offered to the unquiet Mene?s of tlw departed, and in its downward progress through the mystic ceremonies of Druidism and the equally unhallowed rites of Papery, till it descends an unmeaning name to modern days. Oh, the Scottish Hallowe'en of years ago ! how bonfires gleamed on every hill, and cast a lurid glare up into the sky ; bow spirits loosened from bondage exorcised a short- lived power, and the earth teemed with unearthly beings of every kind that fancy could devise, or tradition tell of. But if there were grim fearsome things without, there were none with* in doors- All there was life and love— a time Of unalloyed festivity. . ' When hearts were fresh and young, When freely gush all feelings forth, un syllabled— unsung." How the youngsters gathered round the blazing ingle and cracked their jokes and nuts; how many sly illusions were made when an unruly nut "Startit off wi sauey pride. And jumped oot awres the chimney." f Memorv can tell, too, of some who taught to dip into the mysteries of futurity by means of the blue clue, bemp seed, and the shirt dipped in the stream where three lairds' lanis met, and how afrer all their pains and gratuitous flights, they came awav not a bit the wiser ? for the maiden for whose ardent curiosity had led her to the kiln, bad not been gratified with the Bound of aught else than the falling of plaster or rattling of loose stones. He who bad sowed bemp seed had cast his seed on unfruitful soil, and the shirt-washer's dream had been undisturbed by the vision of anything of the masculine gender. There was, more over, a glorious supper, rude but abundanti, auu made excellent by hungry appetites. Toddy for tbe seniors succeeded tubs of water and lots of floating apples for tbe juniors to4,dook.' with saucers of clean, dirty, and no water at all. Then, when tired of all this, the fiddler scraped away right manfully ; reels, strathspeys, and dances long obsolete, in quick succession fol lowed, and the who'e woand up with 44Babbi tie Bawster,' a game which now a days has no parallel thus ended the hallowe'en of longapo. , r T-;~U — f,{rt lnrp tcne; r,1H Rnl. lowe'en lightly tripped the tiny elves amon^ grass under tbe shad of the spreading oaks, to the music of oaten pipe and bog reed ; and he who wished to have a sight of the good people could not choose a better night ; it needed but a courage fortified by mountain dew, and then a cautious stroll in the pale moonlight to their haunts, and there, unobserved behind the trunk of some aged tree, yon could watch till yonr heart was satiated, their merry fantastic gambol?, and listen to the ravishing music, such as mortals nevtr played. Burns alludes to this— 'Upon tbat nigh*, when fairies light On Casile's dowans dance j Or o'er the lays, in splm-iid b hz?, On splendid coursers prance. Tbe fairies had many privileges on such a night as thi«, and they labored, too, under many dangers. On Hallowe'en the victim of their their could be rest ore 1 to humanity by a certain process if any one had bravery e-'Ough to attempt it. 'You remember tbe ballad of Tamtan, in which tbe hero, carri-.-d bodily a^ay by the elves, finds means to inform his mis may be redeemed. ' This night is Hallowe'en, Janet, The morn i6 hallow day, An' gin you dare your true love win, You ha'c nee time to 6tay. This night it is good Hallowe'en, When fairy folks will ride, And they that wad tbeir true love win, At Millis Cross they maun bide. Then follows tbe fearful trial of Janet's faith and love on the long dark Iaureay and dreary Stay by Miles' Cross : but About the dead hour of night, She heard the bridle ring, And Janet was as glad of that As any earthly thing By and by they came in sight with their band in full play. Will o' the Wisp before them went, Sent forth a twinkling light, And soon she saw the fairy band All riding in her sight. And first gaedly the black steed, And then gaed by the braun ; But fast she gripet the milk-white steed, And pried the rider down. She puled him frae the milk-white steed, And lost the bridle far, Then up there raise an eldritch cry, 'He's won among us a,' " Real love is triumphant, but the fairies were not tbe only race of eemi-humor being abroad on Hallowe'en. Witches possessed an extra ordinary malignant power and influence ; imps and demons, warlocks and bogles, all exercised an unwonted freedom in afflicting the human family. But, alas ! all those have passed away and live but in traditionary lore. You may ' wander through the s rtcts of any Scottish 1 town or village, and not but little difference on Hallowe'en, save the robbery of a few kail yards, and the consumption of an extra quan tity of nuts and apples, and the children shout ing— ' Hallowe'en a nicht e'en, I beard an nn^o squeaking, Doleful Dumps has gotten a wife — They ca' her Jenny Aiken,' No distinctive features mark the night now ; but tbe rhyme just quoted seems to insinuate tbat something uncommon should be afoot. All Hallowe'cve, or the vigil of All Saint's Day, is the time of all other times when super natural inflticneee prevail, when there is a uni versal walking abroad of spirits — a night of sure divination in Scotland. This is especially the belief of the rustic mind. Jiurns says, ' It is thought to be a night when witch#, devils, and other mischief-making beings arc all abroad on tbeir michnight errands.11 In the north of England it is called 'Nutreack night;" and at llipon, i a Yorkshire, on this occasion, 11 tbe good woman makes a cake for every one of tbe family.' A similar custom is practised in Warwickshire, the flinging of nuts into the fire to propitiate tbe goddess of matrimony is com- mon. As Burns says — "Some merry friendly countra folks together did convene, To burn tboir nuts and pu their stocks, And baud their Hallowe'en, Fir' blytbe tbat nicbt,' But, doubtless, the reader is conversant with the poem. Another sport is to dive for apples and to catch at them when bung upon the end of a stick, crossed by another with a lighted candle at the ends, and witch the mouth only, the bands of tbe catchers being tied behind their backs. There are, or were, other di?ina tioLifi on All Hallows Eve— Buch as eating tbe apple at the glass, running round the stack three times, bonfires, ringing of hclis, -and feasting iu tbe North Wales. 'J'hcrc are similar customs in former times, the celebration closed tbe festivities of tbe harvest , and was the last Joyful feast uf the ecclesiastical year. 11 It is the evening,' writes Cutbbert Bede '' for spiiits to appear, aud for ghosts to wan der, and the child who is bom on that night is be ievcdjto possess the power of seeing super natural objects— a superstition tbat xvas turned to account by Sir Walter Scott iu ' The Monas tory,' Spirits are iuvoked by sowing hemp seed and winnowing three wieh'S of nothing, Tlie witches wore warded oft the com at Ilal Uwe'cn, both in Seot'aui aud in England, by the waving of a lighted brand or s r.uv and similarly lighted candles, were n?od to drive from Malkin Tower, in the forest of Pendlc, L-ncasbir.1, i' Wales, Bon li es were kin-lied on Hallowe'en and white stones rastdnto the nshes. and, if any stone was i.ot visible on the noxt morning it was con sidered that the pcrsou who throw it iu would not live to see another nnniveis-ry of the day. Tbe same prac'iee »nd belief exists iu the Scottish Highlands. Whoever has s;cn Maclise's large picturefof ' Suap Apple night, or All Hallow's L've ' will be nw:ir» ih :t in lrelnnd ihe rustic ccl» br.stion of the last night in October is attended with sporis in which apples have a prominent place, and hence give to that I e* cuing mo name or 'cn.ip ?awe I The apples are put in a tuh of w.tter whence they must betaken by the mouths only, the bead being duckcd in a way th-t ci'cs rise to much merriment. Another use of the apple of this night is for an unmarried girl to eat it before a looking gla;s in which she will see the reflec tion of her future husuand peering over her shoulder. There was also tbe three luggies or dishes, one of jvhich was empty and tlvi two others filled respectively with pure aud foul water: the lads and lasses were led blin.ifolded to these bssins, into one of which they dipped tlieir hi nis; a dip in the pure water signified marriage to a maiden ; a dip in the foul water, marriage to a widow or widower : and a dip iato the empty b-.sia showed that, the person would die a spinster or a bachelor. In Corn wa 1 Hallowe'en is called Allan Day or Allan Night. Apples a*0 purchased at the Al an markets for children to eat and also to hide one apple beneath th- ir pillowB to b ir-£ them pood luck for the m»st twelve mo :ih. In the Isle of Man the word has been corrupted to Hollatia— tide Eve, and bonfires wer-? liehted to drive away tbe evil spirit : not only w re the apples used at Hdiowe'eu for amusement and divina tion but their pips were bmugbt into requisi tion for a efmilar pnfpofie. Tbe poet Gray describes a girl placing n pip on each of her cheeks, one for Lubberkin and the other for Booby Clo f, and s'er g which pip will drop first to the gro.ind : Booby Clo i's t ip falls first, thereby showing that his love is unsound. ' While lubberkin sticks fi:mly to the root, Oh, were his lips but joined to mine so fast,' Another Hallowe'en custom in Scotland is to go into the Kailyard blindfold, and then puli a stock of Kail; if it be long, short, or crooked, so will be tbe shape of the future wife I or husbaad. and if much or any earth s'ick to I tbe root so will be the amount of tbe dowry. 1 Ano^ner method of performing this divination is to pull tbree stalks of oats, Tbe use of nuts for divination in love affairs is well known and widely spread ; in Scotland it is especially on Hallowe'en that this is prac tised. With miny other curious spoils, Burns thus refers to the custom — "The auld guid-wife's weel hoarded nirs Are round and round divided : And motjy lads and lasses fates Are on that night decided Some kindle couihie, side by side, And burn thegither trimly : Some stirt awa' wi1 saucy pride And jump oot ower tbe chimlie, Fh high that night.' To understand tbis passage it must be re membered tbat tbis custom was to place two nuts together in the fire, one representing the iaa ana tne otber tbe lass ; if they burn quickly together the result of tbe courtship will be favourable, but if they start away from one an* other an unsatisfactory termination may be expected. The custom is English as well as Scutch, and is describe ! by Gray who says— ' Two hazel nuts I threw into the flame, And to each nut I gave a sweetnearts1 oame, This with the loudest bounce me sore amazed, That in a flame of brightest colour blazed ; As blazed the nut so may thy passion grow, For 'twas thy nut that did so brightly glow.' In Ireland the same custom is observed in a Fomewhat different shape. Brand says that " when the young woman would know if their lovers were faithful they put three nuts upmn the bar of the grate, naming the nuts after the lovers ; if a nut cracks or jumps the lover will prove unfaithful, if it begins to blaze or burn he has a regard for the person making the trial ; if the nuts named after the girl and her lover turn together they will be married.' Many strange things were foretold from the ashes of nut shells burnt on Hallowe'en. Goldsmith, in the ' Vicar of Wakefield ' says, that the farmers of that neighbourhood among other observances. ' religiously cracked nuts upon Michaelmas Eve,' but this does not appear to have been at all general, and possibly All Saints Eve may have been meant. The Bohemians have a different mode of divination and practice it at a dijfferent date, namely, Christmas Eve, The girls crack a parcel of nuts, and fox coloured wax lights, each represents a suitor, and, the wicks being lighted they are set to float in water, the first to arrive at the girl will be her future husband, and by judicious management on the part of the damsel whose fortunes are at stake, the race is usually won by the favourite. Should any light go out during the ordeal it betokens the death of him whom it represents. In Wales the throwing of nuts into the fire has a somewhat different signification from that which it obtains in he rest of Great Britain, those than born brightly betoken prosperity to the owners during the following year, but those that crackle and burn black indicate misfortune. In Charles I reign All Hallow was considered as the beginning of the Christmas season, and in the ' Memoirs of Bulstrode Whitelock ' a very graphic account is given of the way in which the barristers of the Middle Temple observed Hallowe'en in the year 1629 with gay proceedings, then called revels, in which favourite dances, such as galliards, carantos and brawls were performed and when even "The grave lord keeper led the brawls." Old rites and customs are fast vanishing, yet, while we drop a tear of regret over them one would not wish to fiee triem recalled, the ephemeral is giving place to the real, while much of the good and true vanishes with it. Doubttess such superstitions contributed to keep man from immorality, but it was a slavish obedience they yielded to invisible and unreal power— not a true worship of the Supreme. The present is the age of facts, of things palp able ; the past, of a blind belief. The twilight of crude faith is gone and the fuller dawn of its earnest unfettered simplicity arising. Man is moving onwards, the lethargic past has succumbed before the struggling present; the straightaway truth of the former cannot be recalled. SAW DUST. Woman's Sphere— There are few men now so benighted as to belicvethat woman's mission can be eummed up in Shakespeare's words : ' To suckle fools and chronicle small beer.' Yet a woman is none tbo worse for knowing bow to bake bread or make a custard, and in both these little art& she is greatJy assisted by Messrs. Borwick U Sons, who, for her conveni ence, have produced their celebrated ' Baking Powder' and Gold Medal 4t Custard Powder.' With the former article the most palatablo bread, cakes, aud pastry can be produced speedily, and with marvellously little trouble; whilst, with the latter, 6hc i6 independent of the domestic hen, and can make tbe most delicious custards, blanc-manges, &c.;, at half the usua; time, 'May Good Digestion wait on AfPetite, says Bhakefipearc, but ' good digestion ' will never wait upon bad bread, and it is therefore of the greatest impprtancc tbat in making bread , one should use only those leavening agents ! 1 which have acquired a high reputation through | ; long use in households throughout the world , J Foremost amongst these must be reckoned [ I M Borwiek's Gold Medal Baking Powder,' which | has stood the test in every climate of the world | Get it, use it, and add your testimony to that ; of the millions who praise 1*. 