aty LADY'S PLOT ; OB, IffB . ©kost of Diavolo Castle. CHAPTEE X3H.— (Contiktod.) ? r I'ri{aill be far from Jjaxly Beauc'aamp by this jfcune^ to-morrow pight!' ejie thought, swiftly. .* I oan. 6afely gratify bin !' ^Doctor Jeffries received the desired answer 'with. 3^ ejaculation of the profouudest relief, and .then, in 'the same breath made another demand. * Irnmediately 06 leading here,' he said, ?irariedly, ' 1 shall send you some medicine which you. must take strictly according to directions the instant it ia received.' . He 1 patiBed there, looking at Nina as if some ^wliAxlouttful of her obedience, Ctrtiectly interpreting the look the girl «ww««4ft. X-ooold Haver be bo ungrateful as to refuse/ P*»«aM, earnestly. The doctor at last removed bis hand, and 'tawt&ga; eigh. of satisfaction, fell comfortably iMBokrim his ohait. * And now/ ehe said, 'let us leave this dis 't'eecing subjects' adding anxiously the next ?ooment t * Of course. Doctor, you will regard my impetuous confidence as sacred ?' The soul of truth and honour, Doctor Jeffries 'met tiie dear gaze of the soft hagel eyes with a miserable sense of wickedness and criminality. But some sort of answer was absolutely requi .ejte, and, under^epur of the necessity j he made a ijronvpt comprowse with his conscience. rlfl^ dear, dear child/ he flustered, his rosy ifaoe rosier than ever- ' to whom on earth do you ?fehini: I would feel like mentioning the subject ? jlEest easy, child, and let me tell you how pleased, ?we are to have your company to Baden.' Guileless as a dove, Nina was perfectly satisfied. ;Her answer, however, was not Just -what the odootor expected. With tiie loathing phiver with which she often ; looked, , at her step-mother, she cast a quickly averted glance in Lady Beauchamp's direction, CByiiig hastily, involuntarily 1 ;. 'But you d6 no* believe my statement, Not wishing to commit himself to a direct Jyee or no, the doctor hesitated. , Before he could utter the safe response he w$s meditating, Nina went on : . , ' No !' she said, half in agitated soliloquy, K&nother; shivering glanoe turned upon my lady. !-rNo, you do not ! And, as 1 before said, who !«ould P who could t* She fastened her gaze upon the doctor, and proceeded with increasing- agita tion. 'Doctor/ she said, 'papa has kindly 'promised me carte blanchd in time and money; land I.Bhall remain on the Continent till—-' : She paused, a soft flushing rising to her cheeks ©ndaBoft light to her eyes. 'Till -5olonel Devereux returns/ she resumed. f j. am not only fond of art, but possess, I am told, (Bonie talent which can be cultivated by a rraaldenca— ' : A slight etir, heralding the departure of the iguesta -who had preceded Doctor Jeffries and his Wife, interrupted her at that point. She hastily arose. 'I cannot- remain! I dannot/ she said, taervously. ' I ant .too much agitated. Let me slip away unnoticed. Pray make my apologies to lira. Jeffries, and +-ia.Ti- her for her1 kindness. Say I am not well:' Speaking those hurried words she glided un observed behind the silken hangings separating the great drawing-rooms from a, smaller one be ? Indeed, thanks to iny lady's guileful wiles- and 1 'equally guileful attentions, the departing guests ''wholly forgot her. , She went straight to her boudoir. She found |it already well stripped of the various trifles she had directed Lucy to pack. She glanced sadly : around and then proceeded to her dressing-room. The maid was there making swift and steady progress with1 the labours which had so unex jwctedlyfallen upon her. .; But secretly Lucy was in any but a sunny iemper. ? ' A little while before, Dolores had presented Jhersslf in the dressing-room with an oily proffer )»f her really valuable services. ; In somewhat acrid tone Lucy etated the fact to ! JTina, though carefully abstaining from any hint »f t&e; woman's previous intrusion. She had (determined not to trouble her young1 mistress 'with an account of that piece of impertinence. i Till that moment Nina had forgotten all about pLady Beauchamp's offer, and her first exclama hfcion was One of dismay. ? Lucy quickly re-assured her. terim smile showing itself about her mouth. 'I [Bent her off (begging yonr pardon, for using the ftsxpression) with & flea in her ear 1' i '^OH* Lu6yl LucyJ You have not 6ffended rSterf' . Nina's voice as ehe put that question was so jfull of terror, that Lttcy .hastily rose frdin her Jccees in front of one of the hoses and looked at [Jier in startled alarm. . 'Are you afraid of her, Hxsa Nina V sh4 aske^d, !in hushed tones. : As she spoke the words her glance hastily Jmrept tho room in a sudden dread that the Span ish woman's little black eyes might be peering at them from 6ome remote corner. Nina paled to the lips and sank weakly into a 't^jhaif* \ Lucy's question ? had called up a vision of iJJolores as ehe had Been her at luncheon time, tand, for a moment, the same paralysing fear [Vhicih bad overcome her then overcame her teeain. Lucy flew to her in a wild alarm. ! * Good hea,v«ns ! Miss Nina/ she tried, * what j&Btiie; matter f Ate you frightened of Dolores, ?or are you fiiok, dearie P . Alack-a-day ! whatever idid Sir Robert marry for P Tm sure you've been Ibreaking your heart ever since my lady came ?into the house ! That pale, and faintly, and jnervous you've got, JCbs Nina !' Either the words of the burst of tears which aollowedthe words recalled Nina to herself. ' Oh, it is nothing ! It is nothing, my good J3-ucy!* she exclaimed^ soothingly, the ghastly jtoallor of her face changing to a more natural ,hne. ' I am hot very strong, and a trifle startles' jpje. t X should not lite you to make an enemy of , Dolores, and the thought that you might have j-Jone so was a momently shock/ ? '? TbAtcuj^t explanation had ite intended effeot. T Lucy dried her eyes and hurried back to her jtask with a relieved mind, .jjrqgttiien she was !l«o heavihr weighted with , prening duties to iexerdse 'her native shrewdness, else Nina's fworda Jnight have proved less eatisfaefcory. Below stairs at that moment Sir Eobert and |Iiady-Beauchamp were Beating themselves with {Doctor and Mrs. Jeffries in the smaller drawing ;room. At my lady's suggestion they had retired there Immediately on the departure of the other quests. ? ? V Sir Eobert was the first to speak. Lady iBeauohamp, apparently, was culpable of but tone act— *!^aKe of anxious inquiry directed to tthe doctor's rubicund countenance. ? Trembling from head to foot,' the baronet ' In Heaven's name, what of her V he faltered,, hoarsely. That question asked, his voice failed him. Mute and breathless, he sat waiting with a aniserable blending of dull hopes and sickening '?apprehensions for the doctor's verdict. : The doctor was compassionately prompt and wmpMuonately brief* dHAPTER XlV; , Dooba JeffriBB Tendered iai verdict in a Itwath. : : * A monomaniac^ heeaid. . - j* Having4iadlyand«mphati(JsliydeUvered him feeif of titat opinion le looked from Sir Eoberfs {hlanobed faoe to my lady's Inniinoaa eyean ; 8b Sober! idald n-jf ripeak j lay lady .wonM ? Dr. J«ffrtoflprod«tid6d. ' 'But/ he Baidi '% hapi- evdryihin^ for lev tn«^,090aition.frdmh«rMddeaoe abroad.' :: ? Therewasa tuwitstcess on 4hoee two wordfl. ^mental condition? , Beth '«ir Bobert and Lady ?gewoTitnip aottoe4 %- and hath jnaairingly «oliN4 ':*he'jw6ra»--tor'la^'':-iB«hBBB|j' enough, ?BrftJhaan'^ftn rt»ffl ^f-f^nyro. ? '? ' ? ' ?.? ? ?? ': Dofffew JefBrie* «BiWae^- 1-- ? ..-',' ; ' ' .' ;; ' J ?'?'' ? ' ? ! ? '»li 'Ifind/ he said, oracularly, 'that Klna i8 suffering from a serious heart difficulty, which, if not materially relieved in a short time, must terminate her life before the lapse of many — yeawr-' He suddenly checked himself there, and suddenly cried out the next moment ; 'No ! no! let me be honest! My dear friend/ leaning over to Sir Eobert and laying his hand gently on the baronet's, 'tvay dear f riend- before the lapse of many months !' A silence followed those words—a silence in which Sir Bobertfs chin dropped sadly to his breast, and my lady cried softly behind her hand* kerchief in emulation of the honest tears pouring ovec good Mrs. JeSries'p oheejfe. After a moment Doctor Jeffries resumed. ' Understand/ he. said, earnestly, ' I am not without hope. A bright, -placid life with your friends, the Allinghams, may prove as restorative to her physically aa mentally. Nevertheless it is my duty to prepare you for the .worst. She may* my dear Sir Bobert, die very suddenly and very much sooner than I anticipate !' v ' Lady Beauchamp dropped her handkerchief and showed her flushed, tearful face. * And this terrible condition is entirely the result of her insane delusion, is it not, Dov*or f she asked, mournfully. 'I am forced by her own confessions to admit it, my lady/ replied the doctor, ' or to admit it to a great extent. There may have been an unsuspected weakness of the organ ; but the probability ia that she would have passed through life without serious trouble — ' Sir Eobert raised his bowed head end trem ulously interposed. ' By her own confessions ?' he repeated in quii-uigly. 'With certain qualms of conscience, and yet a fixed belief that his deceptive course was more than justified by the circumstances. Doctor Jef fries related all that had passed between himself and Nina. An earnest discussion followed, in which Lady Beauchamp breathed some effective sighs and shed some effective tears. She then suggested, with much emotion, that Dr. Jeffries should instantly despatch one of the servants for the medicine he proposed adminis tering. As the suggestion was manifestly an excellent one, the doctor promptly acquiesced, and Lady Beauchamp summoned the footman with her own hand. The necessary instructions received, the man departed. The interval between his departure and his return was passed by Lady Beauchamp in a fever of secret anxiety and impatience. She had her own nefarious purpose to accom plish, and was not without certain natural fears as to the final issue. She remained, however, complete mistress of herself. ? On the footman's return ehe 'happened} by a neat device, to be near the door. She took the bottle, and h&stUy; dismissed the man with a word. That done she crossed the room with a soft sinuous grace, all her own; and approached the doctor. ' I thought,* ehe said, a tender anxiety shining upon him from beneath her long curling lashes — ' I thought that it would b» better for you to see that it is quite right before sending it up to Nina.' As Bhe spoke the words she tore off the wrapper, twisted it rudely, tossed it on a table, and handed the bottle to the doctor. The doctor rose as he received it, and, with a smile of admiring regard for the beautiful young speaker, carried it to one of the sconces. '?It is euro to be right/ ha said ; ' but,_ in con sideration of your affectionate anxiety, Lady Beauchamp, I will examine it/ He held it up to the light, shook it, took out the cork, and critically smelt the liquid, and then as critically tasted it, just touching his finger to the wet cork and that to his tongue. He re-closed the bottle, and handed it back to Lady Beauchamp, with the smiling assurance that there was nothing to fear, and a polite offer to ring for the footman. My lady gracefully declined the offer, begging him to return to Sir Robert and Mrs. Jeffries. ' Let me do all that I can for the dear girl while the opportunity lasts/ ehe concluded, with swimming eyes. She turned, hastily away and moved to the bell-» pull, Dr. Jeffries resuming his seat in a glow of fresh admiration. ' She is one in a thousand !* he said, enthu siastically, to Sir Eobert and Mrs. Jeffries, as he sat bown. One in ten thousand thousand, Jeffries/ cor rected Sir Eobert, in broken tones. ' But for her sustaining love and wonderful discretion I might have been tempted to cut my throat under this terrible calamity.' Amiable Mrs. Jeffries chimed in, admiringly, ' A being as good and wise as she is transcend* ently beautiful !' she exclaimed. At the moment that she uttered that feeling eulogy Lady Beauchamp, her back toward the group, and her soft, gliding steps directed to ward the bell-pull, hastily drew the cork from the bottle. 'While the murmured assent was still on the lips of her husband and bis old friend, she dropped into the liquid one of the deadly pellets weighed by Dolores a few hours before. Aa softly and deftly as she had removed the cork she replaced it. 'Without a pause ehe moved forward, her eyes glittering balefully, her lips curling mockingly. She reached the bell-pulL She stretched out her hand to grasp it ; but suddenly she drew it back again. As if by magic the evil light faded from her eyes, and the evil smile from her lips. The next instant, with a swift, impetuous movement, she ?wheeled around and hurried breathlessly back to Doctor Jeffries* CHAPTEfi XV. IitTCT'S BATH. Lady Beauchamp went close $b Doctor* Jeffries and held up the bottle. ' ' Doctor ! Doctor ! ' she exclaimed, * it will never do for me to send this up to Nina ! She would not take a drop of it 1' The doctor bounced hastily & his feet and seized the bottle. ' Tou are worth a dozen old numskull Jeffries, Lady Beauchamp 1' he cried, with admiring em phasis. 'Of course, the servant must receive it from my hands, particularly as the -wrapper has been removed.' .The footman was summoned; and iij a minute or two the deadly mixture, with a suitable mes sage from Doctor Jeffries, was on its way to Nina. . Nina justified Lady Beauchamp's opinion. . Lucy being fully engaged, she answered the footman's tap at the boudoir door in person. . Her glance instantly fell upon the bottle. Bhe uttered a suppressed ejaculation, and before the man could speak, asked quickly : ' ' Prom whom did you receive this, Uvari f And how is it that the wrapper has been removed?' 'From Dr. Jeffries, Miss,' answered the man; in reply to the first question. He then repeated the doctor's explanatory message, and directly retired, wondering not a little at the unusual severity of his young mis tress's tone. . : ? Nina carried the bottle to the light, and ex amined it with a etrangfi sense of uneasiness. ' I half wish J had not promised/ she said to herself, as she at hist set it down. ' Certainly there is nothing to fear, and yet—* She broke off there, resuming quickly the next moment: . ? .' Nonsense; I will not be so foolish. Whenl know that all is right, why should I hesitate f Ah, 1 am growing sadly nervous and fnncifnli Thank Heaven, I shall be due of this dreadful house in less than 34 hours J * Bpeaking those sorrowful words, she went to a little hand satchel Lucy had' just packed; and took from it a small medicine glass. In another 'minute she haf poured and await lowed the prescribed dose. , '' Asehewaa re--»rkingth4 bottle, ehd happened maid, and, the' bottle stOlinher hand/stopped into the dressing-room. She was Jeayinjj the TOKHn/^wbten she suddenly turned Ijack again, ana went to a cabinet in one corner. ? ' ?'' :* .?'*;«!/- 1- ^rtc^ j fflee, JMoy; -she rtfid, ' l^ptmusiibla medicine into the empty catfUefc 'viDoc$or.Jef- take the next dose on awaUaf ro^n^rxow toaoi^ ing. Don't forget to jjringjt to u^ wh«u you come to my room.* As she spoke the wards, -she locked the cabinet and handed the key to Lucy. The woman took it- looking at 3wr in surprise. 'But why do you lock it, Mjss Nina P' she asked respectfully, but with the familiarity of a petted servant. '' . . _ Nina flushed slightly) and then eai*, with as sumed indifference j 'B is always well to be careful of .medicines. J£ the housemaid should take » fancy to a spoon ful it might do her great harm, you know, as the doctor has prescribed it for undue action bf my heart. And now, Luxgrj* *she went o» rather ner vously, ' I am going to be-I---No, no/ she hur riedly added, as the woman dropped the dress she was folding, ' you have already too much to do, - Lucy. Go on with your packing. I will wait upon myself to-night/ She turned with the words and moved off to ward the bedroom. _ Lucy stood looking after her, an odd expres sion of inquiry and acuteness ia her eyes. As the slight form disappeared, ehe nodded her iron-grey head sagely; though with a measure of ' Tes, my lady !' she muttered. ' She's found out her little ladyship like* to peek around these rooms ! That's it ! But why should she lock the j medicine from her ? My_ lady would never put j any nasty stuff like medicine in her pretty mouth, if she could help it !' Lucy stood for a moment revolving the tough problem, and then hastily returned to her work. * I've no time to bother my head over it now/ she muttered. ' And then, whaf s the use ? Time j will make manifest.' Nina reappearing at that moment, her thought ' broke off there, and she rather anxiously ad dressed her young mistress : ' Let me do your hair for you. Miss Nina/ she she said. * You look dead tired, and it won't ] take me long.' j But Nina again refused. j ' Get through with your work, and try to se- ! cure a little rest, Lucy/ she said kindly. * I am quite equal to helping myself, and only want you to hurry through and go to bed. With your ut most efforts it will be quite too Lite by the time you are able to do bo.' It was lato, and Lucy, thoroughly tired, fell at once into a placid sleep. ' '' The next morning the sunshine, pouring in upon Nina's face, awoke her from the heavy slumber which had followed the more fitful rest of the early part of the night. Por a little' she lay, quietly looking out through the partially uncurtained window facing her. The» ens wearily raised herself and sat up in bed. ' I feel no better/ ehe thought, pushing the curling tendrils of her lovely toronze red hair back from her pure white brow. ' No better at all.' That thought suddenly reminded her her of Dr. Jeffries's medicine. She turned and touched the bell-pull commu nicating with Lucy's chamber. . In the interval of waiting for the woman's ap-. pearance she threw herself back among', her pillowB again. : Occupied with her anxious thoughts, ife was some minutes before she noticed how much time had elapsed since the ringing of the belL When she did it was with the natural belief that the maid, had overslept herself and was taking a late breakfast. &he; waited some twenty minutes, and then gently rang the bell in the servants' hall. Still Lucy did not appear, and still Nina felt no surprwe. 'She has left the hall and gone back to her room/ she thought. With that thought in her mind she again touched the other bell, and again waited. Five minutes passed by — ten minutes. With a sudden vague sense of alarm she sprang from the bed. Wailing only to thrust her feet into the slippers ready at the bedside, she caught up her dressing gown and, wrapping it about her as she went, flew from the room. Her alarm increasing -with, each passing moment, she made her way to the narrow hall leading to Lucy's chamber. There she encountered one of the housemaids, buoket in hand, coming from the servants3 offices. Startled at Nina's wild, terrified appearance the girl lot her bucket fall with a clatter; at the same time gasping feebly i ' Heaven help us I Miss Beauchamp, what's happened ?' The noise and the girl's evident fright had the effect of somewhat composing Nina. She stopped, asking quickly, sharply : 'Js Lucy down stairs; Martha?' At 'that question the girl's countenance brightened; changing to a sudden curiosity. 'No, Miss/ she answered, ' nor she aint- showed herself this whole morning, though it's nigh on to—' Nina waited to hear no more. Leaving the housemaid to complete her sen* tence or not, as she saw fifc, she again started wildlv In thn (iiretniif\n nt-T.Mnr^n Tw^m In a minute she had reached the doorj Mar=. tha, half curious, half frighte.ned, close be hind. Sis' eelred tha knoU ghS fUm*' open the door. The next instant her voice rang out in a long, oud, wailing cry, shrilly echoed by Martha's harsh toneB. The next the sound of hurrying feet came rudely from the servants' stairway, and in a moment more a crowd of frightened womenj headed by the housekeeper nwhed upon the ap palling scene. ^ ? fro B5( coNTnnrsD.) * 