SUPERNATURALISM. Supernatural occurrences, or what are so termed, have for a long time ceased to excite any very active interest in scientific circles, or at least speculation on the sub ject has not given rise lately to any very violent controversy. With the exception of those professionally interested in keep ing the subject well in view, people have generally found it convenient to retire from a study which can have no practical bearing on every-day life and interests. Most people have come to tlie conclusion that discussion on the subject at its pre sent stage is futile, but the report of a society wluch lias recently been established in England, and which has acquired an extensive fame, is worthy of notice if only on account of the historical associations which it involves. The object of the society, that has been established under the auspices of very eminent persons, is to " thoroughly investigate and report on all supernatural manifestations, un accountable appearances, and events which can be vouched for ' by living persons.' As a rule, people are apt to regard such organisations with some degree of suspicion, and to treat their re sults with indifference, but the promoters of the Society for Psychical Research come before the world with exception ally good credentials for their fit ness for the task they have under taken. They number among them such men as r Mr. Walter Coffin, Mr. Balfour Stuart,' F.R.S., Mr. W. F. Barrett, F.R.S.E., Mr. Frank Podmore ; and Mr. Henry Sidgwick, 'the distinguished writer on ethical philosophy, is presi dent. It is impossible to speak lightly of the views of men of such acknowledged ability and probity, but their first report, wluch has just been published, it must be admitted does not go far to remove the doubts of those who cannot be convinced on any but personal experience. ' This may be partly due to the plan adopted by the society, which is to publish a heterogeneous and confusing mass of 'first hand evidence bearing on unex plained disturbances in places supposed to be haunted, apparitions at the moment of death or otherwise, and of other abnor mal events hard' to classify at present.' This want of classification will be the greatest deterrent to the acceptation of the report by those who, apart from what it contains, favor the idea of having one thing discussed at a time. The divisions of psychical research as at present understood by the society are first to examine the ' nature and extent of the influence which one mind may exert on another, apart from any recognised mode of perception.' This branch is termed " thought-reading' — a phrase about which everybody is by this time familiar, and the first publication of the society is mainly devoted to evidence bearing on tliis point. And the society may justly claim, so far at least as the enumeration of cases is con cerned, that the evidence in favor of thought-reading is very strong. Few, however, will agree that objectors ' must either look on the phenomena as inex plicable, or accuse the investigators either of lying or cheating, or of a blindness or forgetfulness incompatible with any intel lectual condition except idiocy.' Persons who are unconvinced reasonably assign room for coincidence or collusion, and do not deem enquirers idiots if they fail to accurately follow every step of an investigation. The second branch of tlie society's studies is 'hypnotism, clair voyance, and other allied phenomena,' Then follow investigations of table turn ing, unaccountable appearances, haunted houses. &c.; The first thing which will strike one, apart from the magnitude of the under taking involved in a thorough and ex haustive psychical enquiry is the question how the society can admit "world-wide evidence' consistently with the resolu tion of admitting evidence only at first hand. For it is noticeable that incidents which occurred at a place aa. remote from ' the scene of enquiry as Australia are ad mitted, and among them the famous Fisher's ghost story. America, however, furnishes but few cases, which is ac- counted for by the severe restrictions tacitly placed on the admission of evi- deuce from a land where the manufacture of spiritual manifestation is pursued with such vigor. The society, indeed, espe- cially recognises the amazing amount ' of imposture practised by professional mediums.' The case of Dr. Slade will readily occur, and the cases of a good many other profes- sionals who have acquired notoriety . by fraudulent practices. One of the principal rules of the society is never to have dealings with a person once dis- credited ; but as there are many motives for trickery apart from fraud, some indeed quite innocent in conception, it would be unwise to place implicit con- fidence in phenomena even where 'no oidinary motives to fraud, at any rate no pecuniary motives, can come.' A diseased state of the nerves might supply the ex- ; planation of much of the so-called phenomena, while even where we cannot find out the ordinary causes of strange sounds or appearances it must be remem bered that any appearance testified to by only one person might simply prove . nothing beyond the fact that the brain of the seer conjured up tlie vision. When subsequently the same apparition ap peared to a second, third, or fourth person, it might still be regarded as 'subjective' — that is, existing only in the mind's eye of each observer, infected by the accounts he has heard. As to visions appearing at dead . of night to mothers, wives, or sisters, tliat is certainly not an unaccountable phe- nomenon. To dream of those who are in - special peril or far away is so common as to excite 110 remark : and when such noc- tunial experiences are reckoned by the million, and unexpected deaths are counted by the thousand, the fact that sometimes there should be a coincidence of date is .hardly surprising. Many of the cases re- corded in the present report might fairly be explained on this ground. The process by which the investigators purpose to separate any scientific truth of importance lurking at the bottom of the so-called spiritual phenomena from the humbug with which it must always be en- cumbered, is not yet explained. At present it seems as if they have no alter- native but simply to record the phe nomenon, and this has been done times out of number by the spiritualists. For this reason, as the Times remarks, 'the -, society of which Mr. Sidgwick is president ' may do a great deal of mischief, but seems destined beforehand to be impotent for good.' Yet honeycombed as modern spiritualism is with such impos ture, there are men eminent in literature' and science who, after long and careful in vestigation, have, declared that there is a new force unknown to science behind some of the manifestations. Mr. Alfred Russell Wallace is not only a great ex- plorer and a brilliant writer, but as a scientific investigator holds the foremost place since Darwin's decease. Mr. Crookes and Professor Zollner are men of science withhigh reputations. Without mentioning others, these three had everything to lose and nothing to gain by expressing their belief in any reality behind modern spiritualism, and in doing so they confronted a vast mass of scientific prepossession and social incredulity. Had. they declared that after years of investigation they had discovered that all was false their testi- mony would have been accepted by the world as conclusive. That such men should have been '* perverted' to even a partial belief in what the majority regard as simple imposture is in itself a curious phenomenon of the day. It may be that sooner or later science will unveil these mysteries dealing with the mind of man, and lay bare the origin of all such im- pressions and beliefs. Whether the re- searches of the Psychical Society will advance any step in this direction is un- certain, but it cannot be doubted that the records of such investigations have in themselves a distinctive social aud historical interest. 