ECHOES OF MELBOURNE. (From our own correspondent.) March 24. ? Anthony Trollopo was undoubtedly right whon ho asserted thnpo was a groat tendency to ' blow' about Victorians. Thia colonial failing has been made abundantly plaiu during tho last fortnight. Whon first the formation of the coalition was announced both Liberals and Constitutionalists resolved that tho new Ministers wore to bo opposed in their re election. They wero, bo it wero said, to bo shown that the country did not approve of tho ' unholy alliance' botwoon Mossrs Ser vice and Berry. Beyond indulging in a con siderable quantity of tall talk tho Liberal and Constitutional opponents of the Govern ment have dono nothing, All tho Ministers with the exception of Mr Deakin, tho Presi dent of the Board of Land and Works, and Mr Langridge, the Commissioner of Customs, have boon returned unopposed, and in tho two cases named tho candidature of Sir Bryan O'Loghlen is looked upon as hopoless, and that of Mr McKoan viewed so much in the light of a farce, that after a couple of unsuc cessful meotings it dawned upon tho lato ex-membor for North Gippsland ho had not tbo ghost of a chance, and ho threw up the sponge. After all it would appear as if tho head of tho late Government in giving up his seat for Clare in tho British Houso of Commons had followed the example of that constantly quoted dog in iEsop's fablo, and abandoned tho substanco for tho shadow. Truo, ho has onjoyed twenty months of office with the pay, privileges, and patronage attaching to the position of Premier. But who knows what ho might not have achieved in the old country, whore there is no pestilent Offioials in Parliament act to interfere with placo-holdors, and where a not too rigid back bone in a Homo Eul«r and Land Leaguor would no doubt have ere long been appre ciatod and rewarded ? Mr Berry, on Monday, returned thanks to the electors of Goelong for tho somewhat unexpected honour of a walk-over which had ;been accorded him. His. tone throughout was mild and apologetic, very different, ?indeed, from what it was in days of yoro when he led ' a fierce democracy.' But as he ioleclared to tho meeting he was now trans jformed into '? a good conservative' and was '' now entering on a peacoful career' it is evident that he has politi«»lly tamed over a now leaf. Unkind pooplo nay that ' t\irnin:j his coat' would bo a tnoro fitting metaphor nnd moro aptly describe the change in tho lion, gonlloinan's principles. Although enough was known of Mr Bout's ' goings on' at tlio railway dopurt mout to propai-o people in s-omo ologroo to hear that his managmento of tho State lines had boon a disastrous failure, tho public wore undoubtedly much surprised Qt tho revelation of Mr Gillies in regard to tho reckless and extravagant manner in which ho had dealt with tho Kailway Loan by anticipation, only loaviug a little over half a million for the construction of eight hundred miles of railways scheduled in his bill. If iho state ment of Mr Gillios is borne out, and Mr Gillies comes from too far north of tho Tweed to make oithor rash or reckless assertions. — Tho ox-Minister will have been proved guilty of deliberately, for a number of months, fooling Parliament, by occupying tho time of both branches of tho Legislature in discuss ing linos for tho construction of which no funds were available. Had tho statement of Mr Gillios been made before Mr Bent sought re-election, it is more than probablo that Brighton would havo forgotten its now sta tion, its post-office, its school, and all the other blessings showoroi so profusely upon tho favoured spots by its member, and ro fused '.o continue its confidence in him. People as a rule object to boing made fools of. Tho fact that tho railways tiro managed under a system under which such things aro possible, will havo tho effect of hastening the contemplated chango in their administration. Although, according to their own account, tho permanent official heads of departments knew exactly whither Mr Bent's eccentrici ties were loading him, thoy wore afraid either to thwart his will or let tho public know what was going on. Mr Bent would, had thoy dono so, undoubtedly — to borrow a phrase from his own elegant vocabulary — have 'sacked' them. They havo had their revenge now. But would it not have been more to their credit had they done their duty by tho public and risked tho consequences? Oaptuin Standish is dead. On Monday afternoon, in the Melbourne Club, where ho has resided for nigh upon twenty years, ho hosucenmbedto a multitude of ailments, tho chief of which was heart disease. Alns ! poor ' Fwed,' I knew him well. I recollect him at Woolwich as a dashing horse-artillery officer; havo seen him in ' the castlo'1 as aide-do-camp to two successive Lords Lieu tenant; ruffling it among the greatest in tho land, and remember the sensation caused by his disappearance after tho Chester Cup of 1851, and his retirement from tho Queen's service by being gazetted as 'absent with out have.' I have seen him in the mud stained habiliments of a digger at thoM'Ivor rush in 1852 (where ho was known to his mates as Fred Solwyn), and remember whon ho donned the gold-banded cap of an assis tant gold commissioner, to bo subsequently made Chinese protector, nnd thetice to slop into tho ofGcoot tho Chief Commissioner of Polico ns successor to Oaptiiin M'Muhon. Of him it may truly be said that in his lifo he ' played many parts.' Although tho head of the Masonic body under tho English con stitution, his funeral took place at his owii request without the honours duo to him by tho brethren of the mystic tie. . Ho. was buried on Tuesday in tho Roman Catholic por tion of; the new cemetorv. A mystery has just been elucidated. It has often puzzled peoplo to discover why those who profess the principals of tcetotal ism, so often show a partiality for ginger wino ovor other '? soft drinks.' The riddlo has just been solved by a polico court prosecution. A St. Kilda grocer having disposed of a bottle of ginger wine, was summoned for Bell ing, liquor without a licensor ; ? On analysis tho teetotal boverago'wasvfound., to contain 23 percent, of proof spirit,^ or rather, more than iho' average of 'alcohol contained in colonial wine !.'.; A firio ''of £25 and costs has made him resolvo.in futuro t j bewaro. of tee totaler's ' soft tack.' ' ?''.;.''?'??, /' In the theatrical' world there is nothing to. note except that tho last has not ? been hoard of the assault, case of Moiilp'! v Mooro. It will bo remembered that whon Mr Moore was boforo the police court ho made through his counsel a most humble apology, offered to pay all costs in conrioctioii' with the case, and if called upon to give an amount by way of sub scription to the charities; Had ho not dono this it was the intention of tho Bench to com mit him to gaol; Nowi'howovor, he refusos to carry out his agreeniont in i'ogard to costs, and Motile intends bringing tlio matter before tho County Court in order to compel Mr Moore to keep his promise. ' ? - 