THE RECENT PERFOT1MAXCE OF "HAM LET." (Br A "LOVEE OF SHAKESPEARE."} The announcement of a new *• Hamlet to the students of Shakespeare has always been a source of excitement, curiosity, aad interest. There is always something to be learned, and, however pedantic he may be, he can afford to appreciate ncit' readings aud good acting. The Hamlet of Sir Holloway may cot be equal to some of the stars we hax-e seen, but it is in itself an intellectual treat which compares favorably with the sensational character which hits the popular taste ; and ths management should be encouraged in the produetion of Shakesperian plays for the future by all genuine lovers of the legitimate drama. Shakespearian actSrs are uot too numerous. Those in Victoria may be con cited on the fingers. A few of them arc now to be foilnd in Ballarat. Mr Holloway is always good, because he givea a scholarly and intelligent representation of all the characters lie performs Mr Appletou is noted for his scholarly reading, and excellent performances in Sliakesperiati characters. He is considered by most critics to be the best Malvolio of the day. Mr Neil O'Brien is also a painstaking actor. He has evidently studied the part of Horatio, and to very excellent purpose. His description of the apparition to Hamlet was delivered impressively, and with admirable emphasis. Mr Jewett is a stranger to a Ballarat audi ence, but bis able performance of the Ghost proves him to be a Shakesperian actor of no mean order, and it will bear eompai-ison with the best representation seen in Ballarat. It reflects credit upon the management, and shows that Mr Holloway is quick at discerningbudding talent, when heentrusted such an important character in the hands of so young an actor. Mr Jewett has a See commanding presence, a deep, sonorous voice, and possesses the rare merit of distinct articulation. Miss Essie Jenyns is fast becoming a favorite in Ballarat, aad it is pleasant to find she has made her greatest hit in a Shakesperian character. Ophelia has rarely been better represented on the stage in Ballarat. In the mad scene she was particularly good. Mrs Lawrence performed the character of the Queen in her usual graceful style. There are other characters which deserve more than passing praise. To the lovers of legitimate acting the recent performance iB like an oasis in the desert, and it is to be hoped that other similar treats are in store for us before Mr Holloway's season is brought to a close. 