! VICTORIAN OLUB RAOE MEETING; ' Br Mercury. The annual pice meeting of the Victorian Betting Club takes place this afternoon at Flem- ' ington, and a splendid bill of f&ro; has been pro- r vided, consisting of six events, the first race to start v>at one o'clock. Tho liberal scale on which tbo added money has been lavished secured for the club splendid entries, and although large num bers have since seceded from tbe Victorian Gold Cup and Bookmakers' Purse, - the various' events are very open, too . much eo, indeed, for tho unhappy tipster, who is supposed to be infalliblo; but a splendid afternoon's sport is a certainty for those who visit Flemington. The usual railway arrange ments h.ave beon made, and the cour&o; is in magnificent order. Having hud an opportunity of witnessing the early morning trials of most of the competitors, it becomes my duty to give the readors of The Age the result of my observations', and with tho sincore hope that the advice given may result profitably to those who follow it, I hazard the following opinion;-. The field for the Hurdle' Race ba3 been reduced to seven, and of theso Game is booked a moral by his supporters, but the often disappointing Ballarat champion docs not possess my . confidence, und I expect to seo Duns tun win, with Dhuriingile in closo atten dance. The Two-year-old Stakes is a very hard race to deal with, owing to the little that is publicly known of some of tbe candidates, and I confess that a tip is somewhat of a leap in the dark. However, if the King's Son starts I fancy he will win, and next to him I liko Honora and Tichborne. The Victorian Club Cup of a milo and a half has nineteen left in, and some rare good cattlo in tho list. Gudsrz will carry Mr. Do Mcstre's black jackot, and his friends say that it is all over, but several others have been strongly supported, aud of the lot I liko Magnet best, with Odd Trick aud Anglesey next. In the Selling Race nothing looks so good as Queen Mary, but if she does not 6tart tbe Ghost ought to glide in first. The field -for the Steeplechase has been reduced to eight, and tho friends of Kanaka say that ho can fall down and win it, but, notwithstanding this, I fancy Coomete will just beat him. The Bookmakers' Purso, a handicap, one mile, will bring out tho largest field of the day, aud of the twenty-two remaining in I fancy ono to beat tho favorites, and that is Petrel, next to whom I esteem Bassanio. Latest Betting. Friday, 10 p.m The only alterations that have taken placo in the betting market during the evening havo boon respecting WilJeroo and Lady Mary lor tho Vic torian Cup. The former is much firmer, and almost an equal favorite with GudurZ, and the little bay mare came into tbe market and was bucked up . to 10 to 1. In other respects prices remain unchanged from yesterday. 