&£Y [LADY'S PliOT; Ghost of Diavolo Gastle. CHAPTEJK yriTT, DIABIiKEIH. . The words whioh Doctor Allingham had spoken, tend which had so powerfully affected Norman DevereTiXj were these *? ' Tou mistake, mother/ he cried, swiftly, npon ifcbat first harsh, answering' laugh. ' It is not the ghostly terrors of Diavolo Castle. It is the un 3ai.own.fate of Nina Beauchamp that is killing Zne. l£fiKfal*a 4-/\ ma tn-rr lr%«4-. 1/vn-A anil +TlA -rlinR+. nf Buy dead father may dog -me to the gates of (Hades/ Bat even as he uttered these defiant words the breathless listener at the door noted the shad jdering fall and the tremor of the deep-toned W-ioe. i ' Oh hush, hush, Berthold,' cried Mrs. AHyng jbam. ' Sleeping or waking, I see but one thing, jl hear but one thing — your father's ghostly face ; jyour father's ghastly accents. Night and day hia terrible words are ringing in my ears — those ter jrible words ♦ ' Beware ! Beware ! Turn ye 1 Eepent ye I They seem—* : ' Do you hush, mother ! ' hoarsely interoosea young Allingham. * It is not enough that the «asfcle should nightly be turned into a pandemo jnium without your — * He suddenly broke off jwitb a gesture of horror and disgust, and cud tie'nly, passionately, exclaimed : i ' Where is she, mother ? Dream of that ! Think bf thaVl Tell me that! The well door stood Jopen^ but she did not fall into that strange, feeetjdung, bubbling current below P Was she Quaked into its mysterious depths, or — or — or What ? Do I not know that -She never escaped from the castle ? Do I not know she is not ?within it ? Oh, mother, it is this that is killing me. 9?he doubt, the uncertainty are frightful. And, \- -and sometimes I ask myself whether she has not, after all, esca — ' ' And to whom, pray, would she escape ? ' inter posed Mrs. Allingnam, in a tone that too plainly (expressed her own secret fears. cSir .Robert would put her in a madhouse, or send her back Ifco us. Lady Beauchamp would — But why speak of that ? Sir Bobertf s munificence, with my Jady's secret payments, has already enriched us, ?and it was for riches, Berthold, that we under took to play our part in Lady Beauchamp's plot, let the worst come to the worst, my eon, we have the money. Sir Eoberfc is too proud to expose his wife by an effort to reclaim it, and even (Colo'nel Devereux would consider the family Ibauonr, and — ' ' The hound ! ' burst in Dr. Allingham, fiercely, Exclaiming bitterly the next moment ; ' But what ?do I care for the infernal riches we have won P It is Nina that I want — the beautiful, peerless jgurl I had chosen for my wif#. The money I can Jnake for myself.' 'Yes/ retorted Mrs. Allingham, half sadly, ?fcalf angrily, ' you can make it for yourself by imperilling life and reputation aa the lordly cap tain of a band of cutthroats and robbers who would — ' 'Who would lay down iiheir lives for me, another — every man of them. Don** Bay a, word. *£he wild lawlessness of the life suits mt. I would iiot exchange it for a crown.' Doctor AHi-nghn.ni interjected those impetuous word with flashing eyes and proudly erect head. : But before be could say more, or Mrs. Alling iiam answer, a sound they both recognized only 'too well broke upon their ears like a knell of doom. It was a cry — a loud, prolonged, wailing cry — Hood-curdling in its unearth! in ess and intensity, Each, moment it echoed louder and louder from the distant corridors. Each moment it drew Blearer and nearer. ? Even Norman Devereux was thrilled with (horror. He sprang to his feet, instinctively seized the jewer and candle, and thenstood helplessly rooted to the spot. At the first sound Mrs. Allingham had started Vildly from her chair, pointing a shaking finger ?toward the clock. 'An hour earlier to-night 1' she screamed. 'Only 111\. Oh, why have we linered here? Cornel Come! (Berthold, come to my room 1' Speaking those frantic words she seized Dr. \\-j main force; from his seat. At that his eyes, which had been roving from Moor to door in a hushed, expectant doubt, turned (upon her face like the eyes of an automaton. Hit ashy lips parted. He spoke. ' Too late 1' he eaid, his voice elow and hollow, tend his features set in a rigid pallor. ? Better here (than to meet it in the dark corridor.' 1 It was too late. Almost as the words left his lips the crash of a falling lamp Bounded from the corridor, and the next instant a solemn voice breke above the wailing cry still echoing weirdly in the far and near distance. ; ' Beware I Beware I Turn ye ! Bepent ye !' cried jfche solemn voice. ; The door fell noiselessly open. ThB hangings jfell noiselessly apart. There It stood, with pointed finger, and cold, glassy eyes, the tall sheeted ghost bf Diavolo Castle. A wild shriek burst shrilly from Mrs. Alling fcani's livid lips, and with it mingled the ghostly accents that had just echoed bo solemnly without Ifche door. 'Beware! Beware I Turn ye! Eepeni yei* Iterated the unearthly voice. Till that moment Norman Devereaux had stood (Chained to the wall in a dazed horror and amaze jnent impossible to control. , In the twinkling of an eye the ghastly form {cad appeared in the corridor. In the twinkling {of an eye the lamp hafl fallen and his Own light been extinguished. In the twinkling of an eye the dread thing had swept past him, a strange rush of biting wind and tnose blood curdling ao cents ohining him to the very souL But at the sound of Mrs. Allingham's voice, and the Bight of the Blender lance of light striking between the parted hangings, his be numbed faculties started into life again. Whatever the frightful scene meant, it flashed across him that he should not be discovered there as -a witness of its horrors by either hia boat or his hostess. No sooner had that thought presented itself than lie ran from the Corridor. As quickly as th« Cimmerian darkness would allow he hurried on. ? pin lightly-slippered, feet made' no sound that could 'be heard, above the wild din of demoniao laughter and demoniac howls that had all at once burst out, and were echoing and re-echoing from every direction. empty ewer, he made his way by a sort of in jstdnct qm'ng the baffling corridors. ? On the upper floor his progress was rendered (easier. The pale moonbeams, pouring in long (shafts through the high mullion windows, af forded him all the light that he needed, and he reached his apartment without encountering any thing but the infernal reverberation still ringing hideously on every side. He closed the door, and flung himself into a chair. * A ghastly scene/ he thought, taking out hiB handkerchief and wiping, bis beaded brow. 'A scene to make the guilty quake and the wicked sceptic f ear I ' l He started to his feet. ? 'Oh/ he groaned aloud, 'can she, jay poor, {persecuted darling, have been subjected to these tlemoniao scenes ? ?.'..- ' . ' I Lighted by the moonbeams streaming whitely fthrougn the southern windows, he began to pace jthe room, his quick, nervous strides becoming snicker and quicker with each torturing though*. r Heedless of the unearthly sobs* and yells, and (howls that rent the air, now afar, now near, ibis ngonised mind went back to the astounding dis jcoveries made at the reception room door. . \- He reviewed the conversation with, ©onflicfcinjf feelings of joy and anguish. One jnoniwit fcft was elate wifli Jihe asauranoe *hat Ulna 3tv*4 The next he was plunged into the deepest de I ! ^Oh/ he cried at last, 'if I could only wrert ? fehe tenth, and *Ji» whole truth, from thexr lyinjtr I ^c«teJ But on* thing is certain, they kn6w bo1 I know iihan I whether she is living «r dead I , Oh, ? pny dating I mydarlingi where are you V m Am that *rjrbuMt. from Ms tcrto^iKWiing ? rtweatt. J» flung himself upon hia Jmeea at the 1 !Jdd.«iu«ud7 . -,-..-; :?_.:., ?:-.,:?.. The impetuous movement brought about him the partially loosened drapery in sweeping folds that shrouded him from head to foot. Within that simple oratory, his voice choked by a sudden passion of sobs and tears, he poured out his soul in a fervent entreaty for help to Him whose ears are ever open to the afflicted. After a little his tempestuous emotions sub sided, and he knelt there with a strange, ecstatic sense of peace and hope creeping over his per-, turbed spirit. He gradually passed from that state, and all at' once noticed that the hideous uproar of the night; had ceased. Half startled by the great silence lie rose to his feet. Seizing the drapery, he was about to sweep aside its folds and step forth when his band was suddenly checked, and his breath suddenly sus pended by a sight which chained Tiim panic stricken to the spot. His grasp had slightly parted the curtains, and through the interstice thus formed, Tifa eye hap pened to rest upon the corridor door. It was slowly and noiselessly swinging open. And there, full in the pale, streaming moonlight, appeared, once more, the ghastly visage and ?grave clad form of Diayolo's ghost. No thought penetrating his mind of all that was to directly follow the awful sight, Norman. Devereux stared out upon it in a palsied, breath less silence. And, step by step, the only sound a faint, soft I rustle, the ghastly, gliding thing drew nearer and nearer ! nrr A btwd vtttt * ? i i r* ? -l-u.u- ' ?'??'- PENETEATHTG THE MTSTEEY. Norman Devereux never stirred, never uttered a sound. Motionless and silent as an image of stone he gazed out from his involuntary conceal ment. The ghastly form reached the estrade, mounted it, moved on to the hangings covering the time stained frescoing, and disappeared. At the very spot at which it had disappeared on the night of Nina's arrival, it again dis appeared on this night. But before Norman Devereux could collect himself, or even remove his gaze from the quiver ing tapestry, he was startled by a sound taat in stantly drew his ej-es to the corridor door. As he looked his emotions underwent a com plete and sudden change. Just within the room stood another form — a form appareled in ghostly habiliments — but en jgaged m the very material occupation of closing and locking the door ! That act satisfactorily accomplished, the jrhost like being again proved its earthly proclivities by a careful examination of the locks of the ante room door. Finding them secure, he next trudged actively io the windows. As his eyes fell on the latter he came to a sud den reflective pause. 'Hah!' he cried the next moment, in most human accents, and most admirable German — 'Hah! somebody has venture i here. Somebody has opened the windows. They were left on the crack this morning, I am sure. Yes, I know they were/ he added, seizing, and partially closing one sash after the other. 'Didn 1 1 set them on the crack with my own hands ? But this won't do. It won't do to have them meddling hare. We must make things more awful still, and stop it right off.' Speaking these concluding words, he turned, and with quick, swinging step approached the estrade. He mounted it. But he had scarcely advanced three feet towards that mysterious por tion of the wall when he was suddenly and vio lently brought to a pause. With one swift, impetuous movement Norman Devereux had dashed from behind the bed dra pery, and hurled himself upon the unsuspecting trickster. The act was so quick, and its object so dex trously accomplished, that no outcry occurred. A single, choking ejaculation burst across the man's lips as Norman Devereux'B hand fastened itself upon his throat. Then all was still, save the muffled sound of their struggles as they reeled to and fro in their efforts for the' advan- tage. The question of victory was soon decided, and in favour of Norman Devereux. The man offered a bold and even furious re sistance; but, encumbered as ho was by his grave-clothes, he quickly yielded to the superior strength and skill of his determined antagonist. ' I mean you no harm,' panted Norman Deve reux, in cautiously lowered tones, as the trick ster lay prostrate beneath his knee } ' but, as Heaven hears me ! I mean one of two things — either to deliver you up to the unscrupulous Blaster of Diavolo Castle, or penetrate the secret Chambers from which you have made your egress \ If the way is open, you will attend me to those chambers peaceably or by main force ! If it is closed, you will open it, or taste of the tender mercies of Doctor Allingham !* An involuntary quiver attested the man's ap preciation of these mercies. Accepting it as a favouroble omen, Norman J-ever«ux relaxed somewhat the stifling grasp he still kept upon his captive's throat, and asked plainly what he would do. The captive as plainly answered. Under Norman'Devereux's» hand his voice was smothered to the lowest and softest tones, but his ' The way is open/ he growled, ? and I can't help myself j 6o lug me, if you like, for I'll never take a step with you of my own free will. And if I could break your neck on the way down, with out breaking my own, depend I'd. do it, cures you/ Believing the speaker, Norman Devererx took instant measures to reduce him to a desirable state of harmlessness. With the aid pf his handkerchief and a ball of stout twine which he habitually carried in his pocket, the work was quickly and thoroughly done. He then raised him in his arms and bore him to the spot at which the first Intruder had vanished. On lifting the long, sweeping hang ings he discovered an opening in the inlaid floor just large enough for the passage of an ordinary sized man. Within the opening a long, narrow flight of stone steps were dimly visible by a duN., flicker ing light placed on the floor below. . Norman Devereux paused a moment, debating whether he should leave Ms captive behind and descend alone. ?- But he quickly decided in the negative. The doors were locked, and it seemed in every way safe to leave him. But how could he be cer tain that no untoward event would happen in Ms absence, and the secret just made Ms beoome Doctor Allingham's also. With that unanswered question In his mind, and Ms lieart throhbimr with a- thonEand wild hopes, he began the descent. . His captive was short in stature, but by no means light in weight, and it was not without difficuUy that He succeeded in getting him safely down the first few steps. That finally accomplished, the young officer turned his attention to the replacement of the. trap-door. It proved an easier task than, he had imagined. In feeling about for something by which to guide bis movements, his fingers struck the secret spring. The door slipped into place as noise lessly as if it had been a cushion of velvet. But at the same instant a prolong&dharouH; nious t*TifeM«g ct balle from sotne distant chamber showed that it was nefrwithrot its alarm. Norman Devereux, however, had short time to dwell upon that fact. No sooner had the trap-s, door fallen safely over Mb head than the weighty little German started a series bf groans intended to »erre the double purpose of a warning and an, outlet to bis own impotent .wrath. Knowing of ,oo means short of murder by which to «leriot him, Norman Devereux settled him re£h«t roughly on t&e; steps, and after, tatting tta gagand bandi, -ffc him to fcU oocnpatloa, ? fJuW't ' -:*ff ^t'* ftrrt aofc on TtaoblQfl Hm fooVot IfiemalrB 'wai^tb taks * honied surrey jof Hsforronndings. ? -. ' He found tiiajk lie was in s- smaDjsquare stone chamber. 4«*«tairs, as he had already observed in;«naUng his hasty descent, ware Bet dose agalnBtthew&llononeeide.;* On the other three were massive iron doors. , ? T^of ihese 4opra were shnt. The third, to ihe south, and the eight as lie descended, was wideoy^aTiddiwi^i^h^-arJH^yjiy^ long, narrow entry, at the end of which showed a thread-like streak of light. He seized the flaring candle and glanced up at the groaning German.. By slow, labourldus efforts the man was effecting hia descent, at the imminent risk of hi* own neck. Without a word Norman Devereux strode to the open door and hastily examined its fasten ings. To his profound satisfaction he found it fur nished with both lock and bar. The key was on the entry side ready for use. He quickly and softly closed the door, and the next moment the lock had noiselessly done its work. 'One danger less 1' he breathed, as he with ?drew the massive key, and dropped it into his pocket. As he did so, a despairing groan, faintly reach ing Ms ears from the stone chamber, proved that the unhappy German was realising the fact with Very different feelings. Had his stakes been less tremendous, Norman -Devereux must have involuntarily smiled. ' As it was, however, with every nerve strung to its utmost tension, and every feeling wrought to the highest pitch of excitement, his whole mind was absorbed in the one thought of the mysteries upon which he was about to obtrude. Should he, or should he not, discover something bearing vitally upon the fate of Nina Beauchamp ? With that unanswered question torturing his mind, and with his pulses throbbing almost audi bly in his ears, he hastened along the low, nar row passage into which he had locked himself. It was some eighty feet in length, and ended at a heavy iron door, the exact counterpart of that he had just passed. The door was ajar, and, as he neared it. he dis covered that the faint streak of light he had ob served at the other extremity Of the passage came from a brilliantly illuminated apartment or ^«H beyond. His slippered feet bore him noiselessly over the stone floor to the aperture. A glance showed him a lofty and spacious pas sage, richly carpeted, and lighted bv a large chandelier suspended from the centre of the deli cately-tinted ceiling. The walls were beautifully wainscoted and adorned with some grand works by Bembrandt, Eeubens, and othere. Perceiving that the passage was empty, Nor man Devereux gently pushed back the door and entered. But as he did so the same harmonius tinkling of bells, which he had awhile before faintly heard in the distance, rang out a loud, peremptory warning of his approach. \- Half daunted by the unexpected sound, he paused. But quickly recovering himself, he pushed to the door, and again stood daunted by a second silvery olaBh. It was only for a, moment. Anxious to discover the occupant, or occupants, of iklB luxurious sub terranean dwelling before he should himself be discovered, he once mors hastily advanced. There was but one other door, and to that he instantly directed his steps. It faced him, and, like that by which he had just entered, was slightly ajar. He reached it, stretched out his hand to the knob, and then suddenly let it fall again. The room beyond was occupied. A voice had all at once reached Ms ears. Now, on the very verge of the most stupendous discoveries-, he paused. But as before, it was only a momentary pause. Again he seized the knob. He opened the door. CHAPTER XLTV. THB BECIATSE AKD THB VEILED LADY. The apartment into which Norman Devereux had so unceremoniously intruded was a superb one in every particular. Spacious in size and brilliantly illuminated, it presented a startlingly magnificent appearance. Its high vaulted ceiling was a grand work of art. Its walls glittered with gold-wrought tapes' try, and innumerable mirrore. Its huge chande lier blazed with coruscant light. But it was not this splendour which enchained the young officer's eye. It was the tall form and noble face of a white* haired, white-bearded man who confronted him almost on the threshold. He had evidently moved to the door in anxious haste, his advancing footsteps wholly lost in the moss-like pile of the priceless carpet. For one brief instant he stood before the young officer in an appalled, and absolutely breathless silence. The next, his face underwent a change as qniok as it was terrible. In that instant the veins started ont upon his broad, grand brow, Kke thick cords, and his black, sunken eyes blaaed with a fierce, burning indignation that would fain have consumed the daring intruder on the spot.' The angry words rushed as quickly over Mb lips as the angry terrors had flashed to his eyes. ' Shameless spy 3' he cried in harsh, scathing tones, * how dare you pry Into my secrets, and obtrude yourself upon my chosen seolusion t Have you no honour ? Hsre you no sense of propriety, that you thus steal like a thief, with out word or sound, into these private chambers ? Who are you t Whanee do you come t What is your business ? Answer me, sir ! — and answer quiokly, lest I f srget myself, and treat you like the serpent you are {' As that hot tide of mingled invective and in quiry poured over his white, twitching lips, a soft stir became audible at a little distance. Breathlessly occupied with each other, neither of the men noticed it. The sound came from behind a costly, leaved screen standing midway down the length 6f the room. All at once a woman's delicate, trembling hand had become momentarily visible in the act of gathering a stray fold of her dress out of sight. But it was a needless precaution. Norman Devereux's one flashing glanoe of breathless inquiry about the apartment had been effectually intercepted in that direetton by the tall, majestic form confronting him. And now, instead of answering the biting words poured with such headlong rapidity into his ears, he stood just as he had stood at the moment his eyes had fallen upon the recluse. For the time he was lost in one thought — the absorbing thought of who this man could be. He had recognised the noble features, the white, flnwino ViHir n.Tirl -iAarfi. Knd £faa rntintl,. frill irnimt that had so lately spoken ia sueh hollow, chilling tones at the reoaption-roo» door. Asking himself that Question, he remained silent and motionless. His fingers still unoonsoiously grasped the candlestick he had Vrongh* fans the little square chamber, and hiB euatosn black eyes were immov ably fixed upon the susksfl black eyes fl»»n-irig into his own. Hia face was pale, Ms closely- clustering looks of tawny hair rumpled and disordered, while his handsome tourist's suit bore ample testimony to the struggle by wfcieh he had made his way to this mysterious underground abode. nevertheless there was a frank nobility in the handsome, swarthy face that was not without its eecrat effect upon the master of the abode $ and it might, perhaps, have pleaded successfully for the offender. _ But jutt in that moment's pause the silvery toned balls clashed out another warning. It was a quick, violent, continuous peal that sounded an alarm in every cadence. Even Norman Devereux was startled, and turned his head sharply in th» Aireotion of the long, stone passage. The effect upon the reoltue was electrical. His eyes flamed a new and more dangerous fire, and, with one bound, he had pinioned the daring in truder, and. hurled him 1»aek into. Che first apart ment. Ak ike same moment a smothered, terrified cry broke from behind the leaved screen. It caught the eara of the reoloe*. *dlo»e the door! alip the fastenings!' he cheated, adfoessfaag ibe unseen person within the warn. - -?? ??'?:'?' Itherf was an ip*tantf§ paxae, inwhiohhehote Ida) breathless ptkronar steactdp backward to' the stone passage: The next, a .prctoroaturafrr tall foTT?,* Tjbiled .'from' head to foot 3n eonm sflfBry fabriotiia* flaihftd amd eparkl«4witti every move ment, appeared from beh^d fee Boreen, Noiseli^sl^asasummerbTeeTO it floated swiftly tbwardthe door. But it had advanced leas than eix steps when Norman Derereux recovered hio jge^andbOTat-tttpa^,ngly4 ; One moment, sir. Give me one moment. Let me explain my pree — ' 'Explain 1' echoed thereduse.breaklHgln upon Mm scornfully, as he hurried him wiw £t££«fifcible force backward. : But at the sound of those expoefcalsSorr words the veiled, figure all at once stopped, and then with swift, breathless movement, swept on to the door and across the threshold. There it again paused, and there a low, vibrating voice broke from behind the concealing veil. 'Oh, merciful, merciful Heaven!' sobbed the low voice. The strange, fainting tones caught the ears of the contestants at the same instant. The sound half maddened both. 'Eelease me/ panted Norman Devereux, mak ing a -vain irat lieroulean effort to free himself. * Back, back 1 for heaven's sake back !' shouted the recluse, Tmif turning to the motionless form. But before the command could be obeyed Nor man Devereux had wrenched himself free from' the restraining hands that held him, and, with one great cry, had leaped the intervening space and caught the form ia his strong grasp. At his rude touch the veiling disguise fell away as . if by magic, and Nina, matchlessly lovely in her sweet young beauty and speechless joy, stood revealed to him. Half -frightened, half -perplexed, the recluse started forward to interfere. . Norman Devereaux*s broken, reverent voice, and hastily extended arms arrested him. I ' Oh, merciful Father, I thank Thee ! I thank 1 Thee !' breathed the young officer ; ' alive, and not dead ! alive, and not dead !' Speaking those words, he gathered the half fainting girl to his heart. Eor a little not a sound broke the rapturous silence in which they stood locked in that never .to-be-forgotten embrace. Nina was the first to speak. Lifting her head, and gazins at him ?with eyes of ineffable tenderness, she took his worn, swarthy face between her white little hands. ' Norman ! dear Norman V she murmured, tremulously, * how ill you look !' At that the strong man gave way. He burst into an irrepressible passion of tears. ' Great heavens, my darling !' he cried, bowing the face against the lovely bronze head he lovea so well, 'may you heart never be wrung with such anguish as I have known since the day they told me you were dead.' Quickly recovering him3elf he raised his head and dashed aside his tears. Pressing a kiss upon her own dim eyes, he said fondly, hopefully : 'But we will not depend upon that, dearest. and we shall never be parted again ! I am here to rescue you, and that, if need ba, at the sacri fice of my own life I Nina stopped him with shuddering haste. 'Hush, Norman, hush I' she cried, seizing his hands and looking at him with dark, impassioned eyes of mingled terror and love. 'Don't speak of sacrificing your life ! What i« my life to me without yours ?' Norman Devereux drow her within his arms. 'My darling/ he said, softly, reverently — 'my darling, since heaven has, as by a miracle, united us again, believe me, heaven will lead us in safety through whatever perils may yet environ UB.' Again the girl shuddered. ' But that subtle, wicked man, Norman !' she cried, 'you do not know him, nor do you know his subtle, -wicked mother 1' ? At those words Norman Devereux's brow darkened, and his hand involuntarily clenched Itself as the thought of all he did know flashed lightning-like across his mind. But, before he could utter the reply springing indignantly to his lips, a sudden and startling interruption occurred. (TO BE COM TUN U ED.) 