< "Rip Van Winkle," L Comic opera, in three acts,;by Henri ) 'Meilhac, Phillippe 'Gille and H. B. \ Fa'rnie ; music by Robert Planquette, ( had its first presentation to the world J at the Comedy Theatre, London, on \ the 14th of October, 1882, and it may r be noted as somewhat . singular that ) though written by a foreigner, it had' \ its initial performance in the " Me- ( tropolis of the' ! World " ere its pro- ) duction in any other part of the world, V The work possesses, all the elements r of a theatrical success. The story by J Washington Irving, first appayed C his Sketch Book in 1819. Ther'e'haVe ( been many dramatic versions" of the ) play. Notably to Australians, is the ( one presented by Mr. Joseph J efferson / at the Princess Theatre, Melbourne, \ on the 31st of March, 1862, and since C then at divers timeB by Mr. J. L. ? Hall, the late Stuart O'Brien and last, S but not least, Mr. J. C. Williamson. ( The play, was first dramatised and / produced in America — the most \ famous versions being tho3e presented C by the late J. H. Hackett, one by a ) Mr. Kerr, and the other by the well- \ known dramatist, Bayle Bernard. ( Then came the version by Charles ) Burke, which was brought out in 1849 \ at the Arch-street Theatre, Philadel- r phia — Burke himself playing .Rij) with ) Jefferson as the inn-keeper. This \ adaption was afterwards used for a / long time by Jefferson, but was, at ) last, re-written and re-constructed by ( Dion Boucieault, and produced by ( Jefferson in. Australia as above, and j subsequently at the London Adelphi ' C Theatre on Sept. . 4, ; 1865. Jefferson's / performance is, no doubt, well re- \ memhered, and unquestionably meri- ( ted the enconium passed upon it by / America's poet-critic as having " ri- \ pened into unquestionable, unassail- f able, auspicious and beneficent perma- / nence." Intheopeningactofthe opera, S we find Rip's wife, Gretchen, anxious- f ly waiting her husband's return from ) his unknown trip. When the light- ) hearted fellow arrives, he is joyously ( welcomed by Gfretchen, but ultimately ) he leaves for the mountains to escape ) arrest on a charge of treason brought f by his enemy and his wife's former lover, Derrick Von Slow . He also j an object in visiting the hills to f discover the treasure said to have ) been hidden by Oapt, Hendi ik Hudson I and his crew. So ends the first act, In the second, the male villagers, I. with Nick Vedder, the inn-keeper, . and the Burgomaster, follow Dip for the apparent purpose of arresting him I but really to help towards his escape. . With the object of aiding him, Kalrina, . . Vedder' s : daughter, and I Gretchen , Dip's wife, accompanied by . the girlsj . 'of the Sleepy Hollow, ' also go ' after. him. , JGralchen meets ) and tries" ' to J persuades ' him " to ' . .accompany her ; " but Derrick ap- ' proacliing, Rip Hides, and Gretchen, ) fearing for her husband's life", pretends . to make love to the rascally lawyer, ' and thus gets him away.. Rip is now ) left alone and begins his ; experience . with tlie ghosts, of Hudson's crew. ' This act is the strongest in the piece. ) He is surrounded by the goblin crew . of Hendrik Hudson, and the drink ' which sends him off into his Bleep of ) twenty years is given him by a fay. . The scenery in 'this act — on the ' production of the opera at the Mel- ) bourne Opera House — from the pencil and brush of Mr. Harry Grist, will be ' something marvellous. When, in the l third act, Rip awakens, the village has increased to an important town 1 and all things have'ehanged. Gretchen ' : is dead, but in her place is her 1 daughter, , A lice, now grown into a I handsome woman. Sip is dazed and amazed, and the pathetic recognition between father and daughter is ef- i fected through Sip singing an old song which he had taught his baby child Iand which serves to prove his identity, \- and brings the opera, : one of the very best of its class,, to a.satisfactory. and happy conclusion. : Onjits ;productionr in London,, the principal parts — there are over forty filled in its perfor-' mance — were. thqs sustained :— '/Sip Van '. Winkle, Mr. Fred. Leslie ; Derrick , -:7on ' Slots, Miv W. S. Petitley ; Peter Von ' Dunk, Mr.Louia KelleUer ; Dicdrich Knicker- , ' ;boeker., Mri- B. Witlriiore ; Nick Vedder, Mr. ' Lionel Brongh ; ffrilcftea/Miss Vio'ot Camei- i -oh \'-Katrina; Miss SafiiaMartlnot ; Jnra.Miss I Clara cGraham ; Jnciuthfi, Miss Constance ' Lewis ;' Little D ardcase, MiBs MaclBO .Milton ; Dans, Miss, Effle Mason ; Little Alice, Miss Alice Vlcat ; Tom Tit, Miss Rose Moncriegg. 'RSoon aftei the firstpresentation of th'e 'work' at - the'; Comfe% Theatre, London, Miss Martinot' seCeded and was succeeded in the r61e.of Katrina ' by :Mdlle. Camille Dubois who made ; her initial appearance in Australia, at .the Opera 'House, : Melbourne, under ; the management of : the late W. S. . Lyster, as Adele, in .the opera, " Die ' Fladermaus," . Feb. 5, 1878. The ' , lady was then on her honeymoon trip ', -with her husband, . the heir presump-. rive to the 'Earldom, of Hardwieke. ' Shortly after their return , to Europe, 1 he obtained a divorce from his wife,: | and she once more returned to the " stage.. To return to the .promised;1 presentation of " Rip Van Winkle on the Melbourne stage, the music is very excellent, the melodies are often original but always bright and spark-. , ling and well fitted to the situation, - and aB in the composer's former workV (" Les Cloches de Corneville,") tune-, ( ful and ear-tingling. ' The orchestra tion, which is an essential feature, is .i exceedingly effective. From the man- ner and style it is intended, to produce -it at the Opera House i here,- a secured success may almost be voted a " moral " certainty. W.H.W. i 