f?0£tv» aud irtftes. 'THE OLD HOUSE AT HOME.' The dear old house, T remember it wen, Clotw bordrrinp on the ttea — Whose loud wild roar, as it beat oo the shore, Was mask onto me. f did not ken of hypocrisy then. And the world and it* eril w»tb ; For all *-as bncbt. in a glorious light. In the spring time of my days. An anpel wa.* there, in who--e loving care I Mt safe, both night and dav— My mutht-r'-who -jpoke of the Fatber above, And Bhe said I had need to pray. I knelt at her side, and her heart swelTd with pride A» I li-p'd my first prayer in feu- ;— Anil tbe Father on bipli beard my mother and I— Fur I f^lt that be was max. To oatdd «a.cb ntiier thev vroold vie. And in their actions woold belie Ah : tbe dear old house, it is Ions ago. Ami in tbe »trift- --f tlii- stracglinp life 1 hare passed throoch many a s&jrm.; Bm. this I can Ray, at this very day, Whatever has been my lot. The motta-r that tau£bt me then to pray. And tbe prayer 1 never f oitrot. AtheLstine Range, 7tb November, Iss3. Said Bkown — * Smith won't have so soft * thini; as be has bad.' 'I don't know,' replied Robinson ; ' bell bare a soft thing as lung as he dosen't lose hie head.' Mk. Ramseottom says that her cousin, who has long held the dignified position of reporter in his native town, has recently been made * debenture of tbe Inner Temple. 'I sctpose you have heard of oar dudes. Miss Clarava V observed a New York swell to a Jacksonville girt *'Oh, yea,' she answered, *' they are becoming rery popular in Florida. We use them for alligator bait' Squire—' Where are ye goin' wid tie pig, Pat?' Pat— 'Ah! that's jast what I can't tell, yer honner.' Sqaire— ?? Why not V Pat — ' Sore the baste 'nd hear me '. It's harrd work gittin' him along anyhow.' When' are you goinc tn make me tbat p'r of new boots I ordered T asked Gas de timith of bis shoemaker. ' When yon pay for the last pair I made for you.' ' Whew \ I cant wait &o; long as that '.' The latest norelty among society damsels in New York is ' complexion dogs.' No girl will now appear on the street with a dog that does not match her complexion. This *-Tpl*«-m why yeUort- dogs are so fashionable. At the Bank.— Cashier— ' Ereuse me, drawn.' Mrs. Maltravera (whose husband is off on business, and has left her a cheque bo jk)— ' Oh, Mr. Cashier! that cant be possible. I've got lots of cbeques left y«t,' A pretevded ghost made its appearance dently ran against a bull-dog. The result of the encounter established beyond all doubt that there was nothing superstitious about: the dog. ** There is nothing like settling down,' said the retired merchant conodently to a neigh boar. When I gave up bnsioess, 1 settled I had. settled up I should not have had » farthing. ?? What many your deceased wife's sister* On general priaoiplee one of a family is about most alnays happens that your deceased wife's sister marries before your deceased wife Mrs. HaM-shoitov likes the entertainment at the Fisheries. She eays the Foreign Thingummyjigiao Band plays beautifully. ' I like to see them,' said Mrs. R-,*' in full IVut- aod wear a re^aUr German Pickletub helmet.'' Isuimsast Cabby (who has got his bare £ire) — ???„« am T to keep a wife and family od pay like this *' li'md Fare— ?? My pood (Exit Cabby, usiu- blessing.)— Lou-ion Fun. The Ojid-jou Man. — ' I want you to mend the leg oi this kitchen ta\\-le. Smithsoo. Do you ft-el equal to tbu job?' ' Equal to the built the 'ale uV the New Law Court, M'uu' Two prisoners were lately acquitted of a theu. Tbe magistrates told them not to fortunate. 'ue -if the prisoners said — 'No, should not have come novr if we had not been brought. What agonies mast the poet have endured, who, writtDg of his love, asserted that he ' Li*£eJ her under the silent stars,' and found that the compositor had made him declare that be ' kicked ber aoder the cellar stairs.' peniteniary, under the escort of the super intendent, they came to a r«*»m in which three women were seu io^. ' iJear me.' one of the* visitors whispered, *' what vicious-looking creatures ! Pray what are they here for V ' Because they have no other home— this is daujjbttne,' blandly answered the &uper-; A fYCLnr.£bU agent, while canvassing the suburbs of Boston lately, dovoted fifteen minutes' persuasion to an old gentleman, onlv to be rewarded with a shake of the bead, and, in a decive tone, this reply : — 'No, 1 don't want none of them in my house. My brother boy, he got one, and before he'd had it two weeks he broke his ankle a-trying to ride out here one Sunday afternoon.' 