The Storyteller. Donal Grant.* CHAPTER XIII. BY GEORGE MACDONALD. Author of "Alec Forbes," "Malcolm," &c.;, &c.; THE old avenue of beech-trees, leading immediately nowhither any more, but closed at one end by a built-up gate, and at the other by a high wall, between which two points it stretched quite a mile, was a favourite resort of Donal's, partly for its beauty, partly for its aolitude. The arms of the great old trees meeting and crossing from the opposite sides made of it a long aisle, its roof a broken vault of leaves, upheld by irregular pointed arches, which worked on one's imagination like an ever-shifting dream of architectural suggestion; and, having ceased to be a way, it was now all but entirely deserted. There was not a little of eeriness in the vanishing vista that showed nothing beyond; and when the wind of the twilight was sighing in gusts through its moanful crowds of fluttered leaves; or when the wind of the winter was tormenting the ancient haggard boughs, and the trees looked as if they were weary of the world, and longing after the garden of God in the kingdom of the tree of lite; yet more when the snow lay heavy upon all their branches, and sorely tried their aged strength to bear up against its oppression, giving the onlooker a vague sense of what the world would be if God were gone from it—then the old avenue was a place from which anyone with more imagination than courage would be ready to haste away, and seek the abodes of the live souls which alone make the world habitable to each other. But Donal, though he dearly loved his neighbour, and that in the fullest concrete sense, was capable of loving the lone liest places because he was never alone. His soul was peaceably in company with the soul of the universe even all the time he was not thinking of that soul, or consciously conscious of his presence either in the world around him or the world which was himself. It was altogether a neglected place. Long grass grew all over its floor from end to end, cut now and then for hay, or to feed such animals as had grass in their stalls, but often quite untended. Along one border, on the outside of the trees, went a footpath, but so little used that, although not quite invaded by the turf, the long grass met over the top of it, and thus it was often hid almost entirely. Though Donal had once met Lady Arctura in it, the place was no favourite haunt of hers, and she was never there for any love of the place itself. So, finding it so utterly lonely, Donal was growing more and more fond of using it as his outdoor study and proseuclie, for was it not a little aisle of the great temple? Very seldom indeed was his reading or medi tation interrupted by even the sight of human being. It was about a month after he had taken up his abode at the castle, when, as on a day he was lying in the grass with a book-companion, under the shade of one of the largest of its beeches, he felt ere he heard the sounds of the feet of an approaching horse. When they had come almost close ho raised his head to see. The movement startled a spirited horse, whose rider nearly lost his seat, and did lose his temper. Recovering the former, and pulling up the excited animal, fain to be off at full speed, he urged him towards the cause of his * Tho solo right of publication in Queensland of " Donul Grant" has boon purchased by the BriB« bano Nowspapor Company, Limited. terror. In his wrath ho took Donal for a tramp, waiting for the night and its fitnesses. At the moment Donal was rising—deliberately, that he might not further alarm the horse; he was hardly on his feet when the animal came almost straight at him, its rider with his whip raised, just as Donal took off his bonnet to make his apologies. He stepped a little aside, and stood erect and uncovered. His bearing and countenance calmed the horseman's rage, for there was something in them no gentleman could fail to rocoguise, while the steady com posure which rarely forsook him tended in itself to calm any agitation in another. The rider was a gentlemanlike man—plainly one who had more to do with affairs bucolic than those of cities or courts, but withal a man of conscious dignity, socially afloat, and able to hold his own. " What the devil "he cried—for nothing is so irritating to a horseman as to come near losing his seat, except, perhaps, to lose it alto gether, and indignation against the cause of any untoward accident is generally a mortal's first feeling, for, however foolishly, he'feels himself injured. But there, having better taken in Donal's look, he checked himself, and thereupon Donal spoke. "I beg your pardon, air," he said; "it was. foolish of me to rise so hastily; I might have thought it would startle many a horse. But one can't always have one's wits about one, especially when one's thoughts are absorbed." Donal was apt to be a little long-winded for the busier part of the age into which he was born, but the fault seldom did any harm, and not unfrequently did good, for it gained time, which, with people both reasonable and un reasonable, is a great gain, especially when there is wrath in the wind. He had been in such a place born, and was so educated, that he was old-fashioned, and belonging to a time when everything moved more slowly; when sermons wero very long, and conversation deliberate; whon people thought more, spoke less, and took time to say what they were thinking. The gentleman lifted his hat. ! "I beg your pardon for being so hasty," ho returned with a smile, which cleared every cloud from his face. " I imagine, from what I have heard of him, you must be the tutor at the castle, with as good a right to be here as I have myself." " You are right, sir," returned Donal. " Pardon mo that I forget your name." " My name is Donal Grant," replied Donal, with an accent on the my intending a desire to know in return that of the speaker, for he on his part was attracted by the bearing and behaviour of the man. "lama Graeme," answered the other, "one of the clan, and factor to the earl. Come and see where I live. My sister will be glad to make your acquaintance. We lead rather a' lonely life here, and don't see too many agree able people." "You call this lonely, do you?" said Donal. " It's a grand place, anyhow." " You are right—as you see it now. But wait till the winter comes! Then perhaps you will change your feeling about it a little." " I have seen a few winters, and know some thing of what they can be," returned DonaL "Pardon mo if I doubt whether you know winter so well as I do. This east coast is by all accounts a bitter place, but I fancy it is only upon a great hill side that you can know the heart and soul of a snow blast. One who has been a shepherd off and on ought to know something about it." "I give in,"returned Mr. Graeme. "Itis bitter enough here though, and a mercy we can manage to keep warm indoors." " Which is often more than we shepherd folk can do," said Donal. As they had talked Donal had picked up a book or two from his lair, and they were now walking along together. Mr. Graeme used to say afterwards he was never so immediately taken with a man. It was one of the charms of Donal's habit of being, that he never spoke as if he belonged to any other than the social position in which he had been born and brought up. This came partly from pride in his father and mother, partly from inborn dignity, and partly from religion. To him the story of our Lord was the reality it is in itself—so much a reality that ho delighted to think he was born so nearly on the same level of earthly position as the Master of his life and aspiration. For if ever man had an ambition—l give the evil name of the world's kind to the passion I mean—it was Donal's ambition to be made free with the freedom which is our natural inheritance, and shall be gained by those who obey the words of the Master. To gain this freedom of absolute being was to Donal the one thing worth seeking; and from this fled every kind of pretence as from the face of the light flies the darkness. Hence he was entirely , and thoroughly a gentleman, and that not only in the one worthy sense of the word, but in the world's sense as well—at least so far as regarded even the world's essentials. What if his clothes were sometimes far from being of even the next to the newest cut ? What if anyone could see at once that he had not been used to London society ? He did not trouble himself about such things; he was far above them. If he might but attain to the manners of the court of the "high countries," manners which appear on the out side because they go all through the man, he did not mind what he seemed in the eyes of men. Courteous, ready to help, considerate, always seeking first how far he could honestly agree with any speaker, opposing never except sweetly and apologetically, save indeed when some utterance of flagrant injustice was in his ears, there was no man of true breeding either in or out of "society" who would not at least have yielded the point that Donal, so far as manners went, was fit company for any man or woman. Mr. Graeme's eye glanced from the back of his horse over the tall square-ihouldered form, a little stooping from lack of drill and much meditation, but instantly straightening itself upon any inward stir; and he said to himself, " This is no common man! There must be something in him, and probably not a little to be got out of him." They were walking along the avenue, Donal by the rider's knee, talking away as those not unlikely soon to know each other well. " You don't s.eem to make much use of this road," said Donal. "No; its use is an old story now. The castle was for a time deserted, and the family, then poorer than it is now, lived in the house you are going to honour with a visit —to my mind much the more comfortable of the two, though considerably too large for us." " What an old house it must be if these trees 1 were planted for an approach to it!" " They were never planted for that; they are much too old. Either there must have been a wood here at the time, and the rest were cut down and these left, or there was a house here before much older than the present. The look of the garden indeed, aud of Home of the out houses, would bear out the idea." " I have never seen the house," said Donal. " I cannot think where it can be." "You can't then havo been going much about," said Mr. Oraemo. "That is true. I have been so taken up with ray pupil, and so delighted with my nearer surroundings, that I have not cared to stir much beyond them —except, indeed, to go and see Andrew Coruin the Cobbler." "You know him, do you? I have heard him spoken of as a quite remarkable man. There was a clergyman here from Glasgow—l forget his name—so struck with him as to seem actually to take him for a prophet. I remember he said he belonged to the old mystics—not that it conveyed much to me, or served to recommend him to me. I have no turn for extravagances of any ■ sort—least of all religious." "But," said Donal, in the tone of one merely suggesting a possibility, " a thing that from the outside may seem an extravagance may look quite different when you get inside " The more reason for keeping out of it! If it be so bewitching that acquaintance with it must make you in love with it, the more air between you and it the better !" "Would not that keep you from ever forming a true acquaintance with anything? Nothing can be known from merely hearing what people say.'\ "True; but there are things which are so plainly nonsense 1" "Yes.; but there are other things that seem to a man noasense because he thinks he knows what they are when he does not. Who would know anything of the shape of a chair who took his notion of it from its shadow on the floor ? What idea could a man have of religion who knew nothing of it except from what goes on in churches? Mr. Graeme was not fond of going to church, yet did go, and was the more pleased to hear the unfavourable remark. This and other reasons caused him to make no reply, and the subject dropped. As they approached the end, the avenue seemed to Donal to stop dead against a high wall, hut when they reached it he saw that the road turned at right angles, and skirted the wall for some distance, then turned again with it. The wall was a somewhat dreary one—of gray stone, with mortar as gray—not like the rich-coloured wall of old red brick one would expect in such a place in England. But its roof-like coping was crowned with tufts of wall plants, and a few lichens did something to relieve the grayness. Having taken its second turn, the road soon brought them to a farm yard—that of the home-farm at which the factor lived. Mr. Graeme left his horse at the stable, and led the way to the house. They entered it by a back door with a porch overgrown with ivy, and going through some low passages came to the other side of the house, where Mr. Graeme showed Donal into a large low-ceiled drawing-room, with old-fashioned furniture, smelling of ancient rose leaves, whose odour seemed rather that of sad hearts than of withered flowers. There he left him while he went to find his sister. Glancing around him Donal saw a window open to the ground, and went to it. Beyond it lay what seemed to him the most fairy-like garden he had ever beheld. He had in books come on descriptions of such a garden; and, though he had never looked on one such before, he seemed to know it well from times of old. It was all laid out in straight lines, with soft walks of old turf between the plots, and in the plots •grew all kinds of straight things, whose ambi tion seemed to get up, not to spread abroad. He stepped out of the window, drawn as if by the signt of a long-retreated almost-forgotten country of his childhood's dreams. Down a broad walk, on which his foot sank deep in velvety grass, he went wandering, and the love liness of the dream did not fade. Hollyhocks, so gloriously impatient of development that then1 flowers could not wait to reach the top ere they burst into the flame of life, making splendid blots of colour along their ascending stalks, received him like stately dames of enchantment, and enticed him, ever to see more and more of them, down the long walk between the two rows of them, deep red and creamy white, primrose and yellow; and all the while below the present pleasure lay the dim assurance that they were leading to some wonderful place, some nest of lovely dreams, if not more lovely visions. The walk itself led to a bower of roses—a bed surrounded with a trellis, on which they climbed, and made a huge bonfire—incense altar, rather—of red and white flame. To Donal it seemed more glorious than his brain could conceive. Herein seeing was hardly believing, but believing was more than seeing, and would ripen into a higher sight. Donal well understood that, though nothing can be too good to be true, there is nothing that is not too good to be grasped. Poor mis believing birds of God, we hover about a whole wood of the trees of life, venturing here and there a peck, as if their fruit might bo poison, and the design of our creation was our ruin: we shake our wise owl-feathered heads and declare they cannot be the trees of life, because that is too good to be true. Ten times more con sistent are they who deny there is a God at all than they who fancy they believe in a middling kind of God, in whom they place indeed a fitting faith. Feelings such as these moving gently in his full heart, among flowers that came from the dark earth like the exhaled spirits of its hidden jewels which themselves could not reach the eye of the sun; over grass which fondled his feet like the lap of an old nurse, he walked slowly once round the bed of the roses, to return again towards the house. But when he reached the bottom of the walk, there, half way between him and the house, was the lady of the garden descending to meet him—not ancient she like the garden, but young like its flowers, light-footed, strong, and full of life. Prepared by her brother to be friendly with the stranger, she met him with a pleasant smile, and he saw that the web of light which shone out of her dark eyes had in it a woof of laughter. She had a complexion dark and sweet; as I have said, a merry eye; a good large forehead; a nose by no means after any recognised generation of noses, yet a pleasant nose to meet; a mouth not insignificant— larger indeed tlian to human judgment might have seemed necessary for the purposes gene rally regarded as those of the mouth—although those purposes surely may well be imagined to go beyond eating and drinking, talking and smiling, and kissing. Large indeed, it was, yet a right pleasant mouth to look upon, and, the two rows of lovely teeth it was furnished with not looking at all dangerous, Donal saw its approach without dismay. Ho was indeed no more shy with women than with men ; whilst his feeling towards them partook not a little of the reverence of the ideal knight-errant of the old time. He felt uo more fearful in the presence of the most distinguished of them he ever met than he would have been in the presence of an angel of God ; for all his courage came of his truth, and clothed in the dignity of his reverence he could look in the face of the lovely without shame. He Mould never have sought like Adam to hide from Him whose voice was in the garden, hut would have hastened to Him to cast himself ut His feet. Bonnet in hand, he advanced to meet her. She came up to him, holdingout a well-shaped good-sized hand, strong and not ignorant of work—capable indeed upon occasion of milking a cow to tho animal's entire satisfaction. Then he saw, too, that her chin was strong, and her dark hair not too tidy. She was rather tall, and slenderly conceived though plumply carried out. Her light approach pleased Donal much. He fancied her foot pressed the grass as if it loved it; if Donal was ready to love anything in the green world, it was neither roses nor hollyhocks, nor even sweet peas, but the grass that is trodden under foot, that springs in all waste places, and is glad of the dews of heaven to heal the hot cut of the scythe. Long had he abjured the notion that there is anything in the whole vegetable kingdom without some feeling of life and its enjoyment. He never liked to pluck a flower except to carry to some one who would be made happier by the sight of it; he was all but cer tain the flower felt the chang«. He took her hand in his, and felt it an honest one—a safe comfortable hand. " My brother told me he had brought you," she said. " I am glad to see you." " You are good to me," said Donal. " I should not have thought either of you had known of ray existence. I confess till a few minutes ago I was not aware of yours." Was it a rude speech ? He was silent for a moment with the silence that premises speech, then added : "Has it ever struck you how many born friends there are in the world who never meet —people who would love each other at first sight, but who never in this world gain that first sight?" , ■ " No," returned Miss Graeme with a laugh, in which humour predominated. " I certainly never had such a thought. I take those that come, and do not think of the rest. But of course you are right; it must be so." " It is like having a great many brothers and sisters you do not know," said Donal. " My mother once told me," she rejoined, "of a man whose father had had so many wives and children that he positively did not know allhw brothers and sisters." " I suspect," said Donal, "we have to know our brothers and sisters." " I do not understand." "We have even got to feel a man is our brother the first moment we meet him," pur« sued Donal, enhancing his former remark. " That sounds rather alarming !" said Mias Graeme, with another laugh, in which again humour not merriment predominated. ' My poor little heart feels scarcely large enough to receive so many." " The worst of it is," continued Donal, who once started was not ready to draw rein: the things he thought much about he was ready to talk much of; out of the abundance of his heart his mouth spoke—" the plague is that those who have mostly advocated tho extension of the family bonds have generally begun by loving their own immediate relations less than they ought to love everybody. Extension with them has meant slackening—as if any one could learn to love more by loving less, and go on to do better without doing well! That which is in tensest at the core must of course alone be able to spread furthest. He who loves his own little will not love others much, if at all." " But how can we love those who are nothing to us?" said Miss Graeme. "That would be impossible. The family re lations are there to develop the love which is founded on a far deeper though less recognised relation. They can only enable us to love what is lovable. But pardon me, Miss Graeme. Meet ing you for the first time, I immediately mono polise the conversation, as if I were your tutor as well as little Davy's !" "lam very glad to listen,"returned Misa Graeme. " I cannot say I am prepared to agree with you; but it is something in this out-of the-way corner to hear even talk from which you must differ." " Ah, you can have that here if you will as well as anywhere!" . , , .» " Indeed ! lam sure it is not in the pulpit." "For my part I hear little else from tho pulpit. I spoke of talk from which you would differ, but with which I think you ought to agree. There is an old man in the town who can talk better than ever I heard man speak before, but as he is a poor wise man. with a despised handicraft, almost none heed him—as is natural to this world. But almost no com munity recognises its great men till they are gone. The strongest influences are from their very nature of the most hidden working. They are deep out of sight. " Where is the use then of being great?" sug gested Miss Graeme. " That depends on what the use of greatness is. The desire to be known of men is destructive to all true greatness ; nor is there any honour worth calling honour but what comes from an unseen source. To be great is to seem small in the eyes of man." Miss Graeme made no answer. She was not much accustomed to consider things seriously. A good girl in a certain true sense, she had never seen that she had to set herself to be better, or indeed to be anything. But she was able to feel that Donal was in earnest, though she was far from understanding him, and that was much. To recognise that a man means something, reveals, as things are, no despicable amount of personal development. " What a lovely old garden this is !" Baid Donal after the sequent pause. " I have never seen anything like it before." "It is very old- fashioned, she answered. " Don't you find it very stiff and formal ?" " Stately and precise, I should say rather. "I do not mean I can help liking it in a way. "Who could help liking it that had not taken up notions from people, and not from the garden itself? We should always hear the thing itself—not what is said about it." # " You cannot say this is like nature ! " Yes, it is ; it is like human nature. Man ought to learn of nature, but not in his work imitate nature. His work" is, through the forms that Nature gives him^ to express the idea or feeling that is in him. That, it seems to me, is far more likely to produce things in harmony with nature than the attempt to imitate nature upon the small human scale." " You are too much of a philosopher for me !" laid Miss Graeme, with a smile ia which was no shadow of contempt. " I daresay you aro right, but I have never read anything about art, and cannot follow you." " You have probably read as much as I have. I am only talking out of what the necessity for understanding things has made roe think. One must get things together in one's thoughts, if it be only to be able to go on thinking." This too was beyond Miss Graeme. The silence again fell, and Donal let it lie, waiting for her to break it this time. But again ho Was the first. They had turned and gone a good way down the long garden, and had again turned towards the house, which Donal was contemplating across the well-ordered wilder ness. "It makes me feel as I never felt before," he said. " There is such a sense of vanished life about the place, I seem to be in a story book. The whole garden seems dreaming about things of long ago—when troops of ladies, .now banished into pictures, wandered About the place, full of their own thoughts and fancies of life, as we are now—looking at everything with waya of thinking as old faahioned as their garments, but not therefore further -from nature than our ways. I could not be in this garden after nightfall without feeling as if every walk were being walked by unseen feet, as if every bush might be hiding behind it some fair shape returning to dream over old memories." "But where is the good of fancying what ia not true ? I don't care a straw for what I know to be nonsense!" Miss Graeme was probably glad to find a •pot where she could put down the foot of con tradiction. She came of a family known for what the neighbours called common sense, and long in the habit of casting contempt upon everything it thought fit to characterise as superstition. The educated lowlanders are as much set against everything that appeals to the imagination, chiefly because they nave so little, as the highlanders are ready to attribute reality to any imagination powerful or beauti ful enough to impress them. She had now, she felt, something to say for herself. " How do you know that ?' said Donal, look ing round in her face with a bright smile. " Why imagine what you do not see ?" " Because I can only imagine what I do not see. Nobody ever saw such creatures as you suppose in any garden. Why fancy the dead so uncomfortable, or so ill looked after, that they must come back to plague us ?" "Plainly they have never plagued you much!" said Donal laughing. "But Just let me ask you how often you have walked up and down these walks in the dead of the night ?" " Never once," answered Miss Graeme, not without a spark of indignation. " I never was so absurd." "Then there may be a whole night-world you know nothing about. You cannot tell that the place may not be thronged with ghosts, whom you have never given a chance of appear ing to you. I don't say it is so, for I know nothing, or, at least, little, about such things. I have nad myself no experience of the sort any more than you—and I have often been out whole nights on the mountains when I was a shepherd helping my father." "Why then should you care to trouble your fancy about them ?" " Perhaps just for that reason." " I do not understand you." "I mean that, just because I can come into no communication with such a world as may or might be about me, I, therefore, imagine it. I should think that if, whenever I walked Abroad at night, I was in the way of meeting and holding converse, sweet or other as the case might l>e, with the disembodied, I should use my imagination little on their affairs, and chiefly take note of the facts I observed. But now that what seems might be makes no show of itself, what can be more natural than that Just thereupon I should occasionally employ my imagination ? What, otherwise, is the imagina tion therefor?" "I am sure Ido not know. I have always been in the way of thinking that the less one fas to do with that faculty the better." " Then I should think the thing, whatever It be, should not be called a faculty, which means a power of doing something or other, but a weakness or an impediment to doing." " Just so. I would grant that." "But, unfortunately for your idea, and happily for mine, the history of the world ■hows that it could never have made any pro gress without suggestions upon which to ground experiments resulting in knowledge; and whence could these suggestions come but from this something or other we call imagination?" Again there was silence. Miss Graeme began to doubt whether there was any possi bility of holding rational converse with a man Who was always off into some high-flying region of which she knew nothing, and for which she cared as little. Besides, he was always taking the upper hand with her, and wanting either to teach or contradict her, she thought. But nothing could have been further from Donald's drift, not to say conscious intent. His unconscious desire was to meet her upon some common plane of thought, and instinctively he talked of whatever came up that interested him. He always wanted to meet his fellow, and hence that occasional abundance of speech which, however poetic might be the things he said, some did not fail to call prosiness. Had he been a man of acknowledged fame he might have said ten times as much and been heard as an oracle— yea, what was worth little have been taken for much. Those only who arc of the truth themselves will take the truth from whatever mouth. But it was now Miss Graeme's turn to resume. "I should have thought," she said, "if you Wanted to set your imagination to work you Would have found that easier at the castle than here. This is a very simple and modern place compared to that." " It is a poor imagination," returned Donal, "that requires either age or any other mere accessory to rouse it. The very absence of everything external, the bareness of the mere humanity involved, may in itself be an ex citement greater than any accompaniment of the antique or the picturesque. But in this old-fashioned garden, in the midst of these old-fashioned flowers, and with so many of the gentlenesses of ancient life suggested by the surroundings, it is easier to call back the people than where al^is so cold, hard, severe—so much on the defensive—as in that huge sullen pile on the hill-top." " I am afraid you find it dull up there!" ■aid Miss Graeme, with a look of playful iympathy. i* Not at all," returned Donal. " Even if I had not such an interesting pupil, one who has been used to spend day after day alone, with only clouds and heather and sheep and dogs for his companions, does not depend much on the house he may be in to provide him with pastime. Give me a chair and table, enough rire to keep me from shivering, what books I have with me, and writing materials, and I am comfortable; whereas at the castle I have a fine library—useless, to be sure, for the pur poses of any modern study, but full of precious old books. Company!" continued Donal, warming to his thome, "I can there at any moment be in the very best of company ! There is greater wonder in an old library than any magic can work !" " I do not quito understand you," said the lady; but she would have spoken nearer the truth if she had said she had not a glimmer of what he meant. "Then let me explain," said Donal; "what could necromancy do for you at th^best?" "Well!" exclaimed Miss Graeme—"bat I suppose if you believe in ghosts you may as well believe in raising them too." "I did not mean to start any question about belief; I only wanted you to suppose necro mancy for the moment a fact, ana put it at its best. I mean—suppose the magician could do for you all he professed, how much would it amount to ? Would it not be only this—to bring before your eyes a shadowy resemblance of the form of flesh and blood, itself but a passing shadow, in which the roan moved on the earth, and was known to his fellowmen ? Perhaps also he might succeed in drawing from him some obscure utterance concerning your future, far more likely to destroy your courage than enable you to face it; so that you would depart from your peep into the unknown less able to meet the duties of life than before." " If any one has a desire after such investiga tions he must be very differently constituted from me 1" said Miss Graeme. " Are you sure of that ? Did you never make yourself unhappy about what might be going to come to you ? Did you never wish you could know beforehand something to guide you in ordering your way ?" "I should have to think a little before answering that question." " Tell me, then, what does the art of writing, common as that is nowadays, and its expan sion, or development rather, in printing, do for a man who longs after personal communi cation with any great man who has lived before him? Instead of mocking you with an airy semblance of his bodily form, and the sound of a few doubtful words from his lips, it places in your hands the means of making yourself possessed of his inmost thoughts—and the best of those thoughts—the best at least that he had yet .become able to communicate —for no man's thoughts are of much value who has not better behind that he cannot utter. You may be inclined to object that this v not personal communication, but I say it is far more truly personal than the other. A man's personality does not consist in the clothes he wears, though it may appear in them; no more does it consist in his body, but in himself who wears it." As he spoke, and he did not cease just there, Miss Graeme kept looking him gravely in the face, revealing, however, more respect than interest. She had been accustomecTto a very different tone in young men of her" standing. In their intercourse with girls, to be amusing was their main ambition; to talk such sense as had reference to other uses than the immediate ones of this world was a strange out-of-the way thing, little practised anywhere—certainly not in the pulpit, where the things spoken of had to do neither with this world nor with any other that ever God made, except indeed it were by a long process of transposition and interpretation. Ido not say that Miss Graeme appreciated what sense lay in Donal's talk, but she perceived that he was in earnest, and that she was happily so far able to appreciate as to respect a deep pond more than a shallow one. Her thought was—what a strange new specimen of humanity was here brought within her ken; but her brother appearing put a stop to both his talk and her thinking in their respective directions. [to be continued.] 