FUNNIMENTS. A TUB STOEr. By Biddt. j Hew tuba, i9 Well, Mr. Carpenter,'no doubt they'll be a dale nater than the ould>» ones, but they'll never be the same'to rae. - • Am 1 attached to the ould tubs?-Why,• »ure. if you'll believe it,I've the best of reascn# forb in* attached to them, for they saved my * loife. indade they did, as I'm a living sinner. : Mas1 er and Missus, as you must know, are well off people, with lashings of s lver and the loike of that, and at the time I m spaking of they kept them came in the house. - ; " They had no more fear of being robbed then T have at this minute, and they just turned a. bit of a pantrykey .-..on them at-night, < and thought of no danger at all, at aU. And no more did I, until the day ctme whin there was a grand party at my missus' daugh ter's, and she and he west off to it together. ' We mightn't be home to-night, Biddy,'.says, she; 'but you'd not feel afraid of staying in the ; house along with Nora ? ' ; . •And vhy should I, ina'ara?' says I. lord help us, how little we know of what's comin'! ' Why should I, ma'am says I. ' There's no ghosts in it, Tin sartin.* . And off they! went together, hiui ar.d her, and Master Alfred; and about nineso'clock, Nora and ine fastened tlic doora, and went to. bed. Now, I've a corn that hurts me .wonderful!?< because it's on the joint of my big toe, and nothing aisea it but soaking it in sxlawatcr. - So, after. I'd. been in bed an hour or more, that corn began to burn and smart to that degray I.was wild; and I thought .to myself I'd go down into.the kitchen, and soak my feet well, and pray the saints to bettor it. So, not to wake Nora, T slipped out- as soft as silk, and down the stairs, and never lighting a light, ;for it was us bright as day with the moon. . I just let the water in the tubs, and stepp'rg on a chair, sat on the wan of 'em wid me, feet in the other, and let the warm water run, and I was getting a dale of comfort, When, all in a sudden, I heard a noise that made iho blood in my reins run cowld. ; .. *It was steps and the jingling of silver in the diniug room, and somebody coming through the passage way to the kitchen. I'm a little woman, by the grace of hcaveu, and can slip in almost any where, and it came into lue mind that, thin was tho time to slip, and down I went into the tub, lettiug the cover down over we, with-just my finger in the crack to get a peep, aud sure if 1 didn't see enough to satisfy mo i . Two men—bad luck to thciu!—wid crape over their faces, and pistols in their hands. * I told yon there was no ono here, Jim,' says one. And T know his voice, and the hands of liiiu, with a crooked finger on oue—a uian that had been pretending to want work of the master. ' I heard something,' says he, ' and I'll look about me.' Then bo poked around, paping over and into everything. \ 1 xbe family is ou',' said lie, ' but that divil of a Bridget might be here, or tho other' girl, Nora.' , ' They're safe asleep lip-stairs,' says'tbe first. 'They'd better stay there,' says the other, ' for I'd think nothing of silencing the .' tyro. This is a good haul, Jack—solid stuff.' ! I'd as soon put a bullet through a sereechibg woman as not,'said tho ether. .'See here— here's a pockctbook.' It was mine, with jist ten shillings in it, but I didn't mind me money at that minute. ,"; . They,took it out and counted it and di Tidedit,and they seemed in no hurry to go, tho villains. ' The silver is in the bags,' I heard them say. ' Maybe there's clothes in the tub,' says the one; and ho lifted the lid of the one next me. Ify heart gave a great flop, and I gave, up myself for gone. ' You'd be an idiot to take wet clothes along with 3 ou,'said the other. ! ' Here, while we're waiting for the chance to go, let's hare a bite. Here's a good leg of mutton and some bread.' The impudence of the tliaves ! But shure the next minute I'd just lifted me head 10 pape again, when crack came the lid on it, and I knew the craythers were sitting' en the tubs, taking their supper. . . V..." I was nearly dead with.the blow, and I'd. haTe smothered but for the ho'e.in the lid that was there, glory to heaven. And I Ivy still, doubled up like" a frog,"and heard them chew. . And whether itjvas the fright or tlie. close ness, I don't know, but I fainted away dead that minute. Whin it, was daylight, Nora waked and misled me, and dressed and, came dawn. / The minute she eaw whet ,had happened, she rushed out into the street shieking for help, an i in came the police and neighbours, and sure they said I,was in the robbery, and had let the thaTes in, and me lying uhknownst in the' tub useless. , . . ..' . ... They sent Nora for master and "missus, and nobody, bad the sense, to look for. me,.until missus, heaven bless her, says, saya she: , , 'I'd, trust Biddy with, uritould gold.. ,Sure. they've killed her. look the house through And then she turned so faint that master run to the tub for water, and lifting'the lid, sure there was.I, with a broken head, and/no know ledge in it ; And the wonder is I didn't get carried to'the' dead-house and identified for somebody "else, the way it happened to my consin, Samiiel.tbat came back from a bit of a journey to find them ' waking' him, being took for hi3 own ghe'st. _ They took me out, and sure' getting .'me. straight was a hard job, Nora said, I'd been doubled-up-that long, but-X.clmetoiatjast;. and it was owin* to iny. seem' them, and being able to swear; yrho wan; pf' thim vrvs, that master and missus got back the silver, and tbe thaves. were sent to gaol. ' T /. 'X wish you'd poked.your ugly Head out of that tab, Mi's Bridget,'; says one cf them in thecoort . ■ 'But, bless the tubs, I.didn't,';says I, ' and here I am to confound ye.' Yrs, Mr. C •rpenter; now you've. got the whole'story, and: make the new tubs if . you like; but give me a bit of the ould ones to remimber them by,' 'av ye plaze. 