: sporting; news. ? ;_-':j', The: Victoria Amateur '\ Turf CIub.;heldl a most ? successful meeting at Oaulfield on. 30th June, the attendance being good and the weather .delightful. ;Hi3, Excellency- the Governor and. suite were present, and. re mained, until aftor the' Steeplechase was run. Castaway won the Soiling Race, with Nymph second and Halifax third. The Hurdle Race fell to the top weight, Buzza, who was ridden by his owner, Mr. J. O. Inglis, with Triplet and Miller in immediate attendance. The Victoria Gold Cup, for gentlemen' riders, was won by Black Jacket, Abdallah second and Yerlo third. The Ladies': Trophy was con tested by. 42 horses, tho largest field that has ever been known in Australia, and only once exceeded in England. The .much coveted trophy, was won by The Ghost, the fortunate; nominator being Mrs.: Sanderson ; Liddington '? was second and Transferred third. General Jackson won the Open Steeplechase, with the favorite, Vaulter, ? next, . and Napoleon third.' Arrangements .liad been made by which the last race was started; at four o'clock, and on all hands it,.waa agreed that at this season of. the year. the, idea was an excellent ons. : ' During the : last fortnight tlie Ballarat Derby.- and Oaks stakes- were run- for. The;' Derby, for 30 puppies at 5 guineas each;: waa won by Mr. ? J; . Hoctor's bk w.Lord Ormond, by Ploughboy — Middy ; and the Oaks, for 25 bitch puppies at 4 guineas each, was carried off by the f w Queen Bee, by Whiatling. Dick— Shy Girl, The event of the month in aquatic circles, has been the Krus; Champagne Trophy, the final heat- of. whioh was rowed, at Sydney on the 16th June, ? The contest . lay ? between Gaden, Walker, Bret); and Middle ton, and it resulted in a win for the last named, much to the surprise of the sporting fraternity, Gaden was the first to getaway, and he was followed at a short f distance by Brett, who. gradually., gained on Gaden till he came abreast of him, when a spirited race took plaoo between them for some lengths. Middleton was. last to . get way on his boar, but he soon overtook Walker. and after a short contest passed him and got close : behind. Gaden,,. who was- rowing a length behind Brett at the mile point. Shortly after passing this point Middleton shot ahead of Gaden and came; nearly, abreast of Brett, who was rowing . strongly. At Putney, Middleton put on a splendid spirt, which was responded to by Brett, but in spite of the efforts of the latter. Middloton passed him. At Gladesville, Middleton was two clear lengths -ahead,- and ho maintained tho lead to, the end of the race, which he won by three quarters of, a length. . ./?:?: ' - ' -, . . TheCarltonand Geelbng football clubs played., a match- qa the 23rd ult. on the Melbourne cricket ground' in the presence of about 12,000 spectators. The game.. was 'won by . Carlton, who scored 4 goals to their opponents' 