MISSION SCHOOL CHURCH, NORTH ADELAIDE. For some time past religious services have been held in the Mission School Church, Melbourne-street. North Adelaide, a branch mission from Christchurch—and the large regular attendance has proved now much a church was needed in toe locality. ?f>n Fri day evening, April 13, the Mission Church was formally opened by His Lordship the Bishop, the building on tbe occasion being crowded. The house of Mr. Tuckey was used as a vestry for the nonce, and there the Bishop, Archdeacon Marryat, the Bev. T. Field, and two lay-readers in surplices formed in procession, and preceded by a banner walked to the church. Evensong was read by Archdeacon Marryat and the Bev. T. Field, the lay readers taking the lessons, after which an eloquent sermon was preached by the Bishop. His lordship took for his text Hebrews, xiiL, 20, 21, and after speaking of the all-important and all pervading name of Jesus he referred to the Mission Church. It wa?, he said, a credit to the district to have supplied this much- felt Deed, and he urged that they should all assist the Great Shepherd of the sheep in gathering lambs into, his fold. In passing through the catacombs of Borne he had been much struck by the frequent representations of Christ aa the Shepherd of His sheep, and if their Shepherd were to ask each individual What have jou done for Me ? what answer could they give? In this mission church thrre was a new sphere for their work, and his lordship earnestly hoped they would make good use of it bcth for themselves and also in leading others to their Saviour. The singing was good, thanks to the ladies, who took much trouble in training the boys for the choir, end to the gentlemen who assisted. The collection amounted to £3 lls. 3d. It is a matter fcr regret that the building is not larger, but it must be remembered that there is a debt of £121 remaining on the church, and it is hoped that friends of the church and residents in Lower North Adelaide will speedily clear off this liability and enlarge the building on Sunday morning. His Lor i ehip the Bishop preached a acrmon at Christ church, Korth Adelaide, in aid of the build ing fund of the mission church. There was a crowded congregation, the church being com pletely filled. His lordship took for his text the three concluding verses of the 23th chapter of St Matthew's gospel. From this text the preacher delivered an earnest and impressive discourse, and was attentively listened to throughout He remarked that the words of his text were spoken by Jesus to his disciples just before this ascension to heaven. On that occasion Jesus spoke to the whole world through His disciples in the words—"AD power is given unto me in heaven and in earth. Go ye, therefore, and teach all nation*, baptising them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." From these words they might learn that Jesus wished the good teach ing which he had begun on earth to be con tinned not only by His disciples but by all Christians in tbe future. He concluded by exhorting the people to further the good work which they had commenced in their parish by every means in their power, not that men might see their good works but that they might feel that they were carrying out the messsge which Jesus left them on His ascen sion to heaven. I Few Irishmen (remarks the St. Jamsit | Gazette) will miss the force of the distinction which Carey indignantly drew between his | position and that of an "informer." A dis ingenuous or ignorant nse has lately been made of censures passed years asp by a very sagacious Encluh observer on the employ ment by the Irish Government of men of that claw. The informer of those days was a person in Government pay, who became a confederate in conspiracies in order to give ! information, and very often entaapped I the hesitating into desperate courses in order to win blood-money. But pos sibly neither Fartell nor r-aro^ jmd eel . i tainly neither Kavanagb nor Carey, is an ! icformcr in this sense. They gave no infor : tLaiicn of the crime until they were con ' fronted with what seemed to them damning I proof ot their own guilt They did not, in i fine, inform; they turned Queen's evidence to ? cave their necks; and, as Carey puts it, to prevent the conviction of "innocent per sons;'* by which delicate phrase we must probably understand persons in whom they feel a deep interest. The mere fact that men of so vile a stamp withstood for so long the temptations of reward and the fear of dis covery is an evidence of the terrible nature of the forces which lie behind this wretched cluster of Dublin cutthroats. One hears, combined with well-earned praise, occasional : expressions of wonder that the police have delayed proceedings so long. Bat the truth is that while every incident of this enquiry : shows with what intelligence the police ' acted, it is the enquiry i?eelf that has been ; their great weapon in securing evidence. The ! affray between conspirators and police in Abbey-street and the attempt to murder Judge Lawscn put them on the track, not so much of the conspiracy as of the available evidence. Once enough proof was in hand to justify a format- enquiry the way was clear. Ksva?agji bring recognised in connection with the? Jftela ease gave evidence which .aeemedta'^omplete the proof against Carey. ? Carey, in^^rn, decided to complete the case ?gainst Us quondam friends. We de not know how many of the men who assume dock have made desperate efforts to secure their admission as witnesses. ' Delaney, we learn from the Dublin papers, has given the frankest account of his share in *he Bog ?eriei of crimes. ' 