THE REV. G. W. PATCHELL, M.A. THE FUNERAL. The funeral of this rev. gentleman, who died suddenly from theeflects of an apoplectic seizure, which occurred during the proceed ings of the Wesleyau Conference on Friday, took place on Saturday afternoon. At 3 o'clock a large number of persons assembled in the Pirie-street Church, where a short service was conducted prior to the body being removed to the cemetery. The proceedings were commenced with the hymn, •' Come, let us join our friends that have attained the prize," after which part of the First Epistle to the Corinthians, chap, xv., was read by the Rev. 11. tS. Casely. The Rev. S. Knight then, without takiDg any words as a text, delivered the following address:—"Brethren —I feel to-day as if Ave ought to exclaim, ' Howl ye iirtree, for the cedar has fallen,' for we stand in the presence of an immediate act of Cod. I heard a friend of our deceased brother, when walking up and down the Lecture Hall yesterday, exclaim ' What does this mean? Why is this done—why is this man taken—why'has not one less cultivated and less needed been cut olf from our midst ?' ; My answer to this is that there can be no laws of probability or no laws of average in relation to individual death, aud for the peace of the world I think it better that there should be indiscriminatiA'cuess as to the time of Death's approach. There must lie no known time for this outting-ofF, othei-Avise there can be no happiness. In spite of the Avants of an undermanned Church and an immature family, there must he blessing in this visitation; there must be something greater than our brother's life, greater than our brother's ministry, and greater than the suffering of his family, or he Avould be Avith us still. _ If Ave are sobered, if our liA'es are hallowed, if A\'e are led to do Avbat our hands find to do more fully Avith our might, it is worth his life or the life of any of us. Iu face of the suffering of Cbrist ana the blood of the martyrs shed for millennia of years, it is evident that God makes nothing of the cost to save and to sanctify. God makes no more of temporal sacrifice than we make of the desolation of the forests out of which we build our beautiful cities, or the herds Avhich were ravaged to build these temples of the Holy Ghost. There is 110 other way—no alter native. This tragi life and A'ain world is only the Avay to seriousness and life. If God can but begin His work of grace in the hearts of men ail this is justified. Sot justified to the tiiflingortothe frivolous, or to those who make everything of comfort in this life: but justified to the wise and to the holy. Death is no mistake, or cruelty, or fate; but it is Christ's choice and electioii You need not die, I need not die, he need uot die, for Christ has redeemed us from all legal and natural obligation. There is no better way than that common to all the world. A Christian dies not under the penalty of the law, he dies beneficently, and 111 obedience to Christ's living behest, and so our brother has bowed his head to it for the peace of the world. It is the Avill of God that as far as the exit from this world is con cerned men should share aud share alike. It has been remarked that this death was sudden; hut it must he remembered that it is not God's design that avc should make special prepaiationforaeath. Some say, 'I would not like to be taken in the same way;' but you Avill be taken in this way—in undress, in workaday attire, and as you are, for most men haA'e to die with about the average state ~t compels pre rcadiuess,and whether a man could choose a bptter moment than after rising from that chair Avlicre he had been advocating the cause on which his heart was set, then sinking gently on his knees, AA-ithout pain or consciousness, die softly like a summer wavelet rippling to the shore. With his last word on a subject which had iuspired so many generous and noble impulses in his heart, he ceases at once to work and live. Could you choose anything better than this ? I have felt as if I baa nothing to do Avith his life to-day—nothing to say of his youth, although it was godly aud healthful. I am not to speak of him, although I might tell you of him as a preacher of righteousness at nine teen, when many of us Avereromps. lam not to speak of him in the holy consecration of his early manhood to the noblest of all fmrsuits and callings. I will not dwell upon lis coming to this land in 1866, nor will I refer to his career at Wallaroo, at Bromptoa, at Pirie-atreet,at Port Adelaide, at Kooringa, at Willunga, or Goolwa, where he has laboured, and laboured faithfully and well, according to his gifts—laboured evidently to the top of his strength, labonred so as to hasten the eud that he has reached. Nor will I speak of him in his capacity as first master of Prince Alfred College, nor as editor of our organ, nor as examiner of our Srobationers—a work which in my opinion he id better than it was crer done before, and in which he took the greatest delight—nor as our agent or letter-writer, nor of the honour he received from the American University in the degree that he more and more worthily merited. I am to speak to-day a few words, as I have done, of his death, and I know that it has already borne good fruit. I have heard one manly brother say, ' I shall love my brethren better from this hour,' and if that be true it is a blessed result. I heard another—a man who wields a wide influence in this town—say that this death has shown him that he has borne the present too much in mind, and I felt with him in those reflec tions. My heart longs for the grave lessons bought at such a cost. 1 said,' Am I to lose them, purchased at the expense of that weeping widow and of tbose orphan children? Must it be wasted, and am 1 to pass away uninfluenced, or am I to be permanently blessed?' I know that on tfce night when Jesus was betrayed He gave thanks thatif by the cross He should make an appeal which would be deeper and more potent than wordB he had uttered. He gave tbanks if he could then speak to the world, as he could not speak with his lips. If 1 may speak for my brothers, then, if I may speak for those dumb lips which shall never say words again, may I not say that he gives thanks ? May I speak for that weeping widow, who by her submission to God, by her resignation to His will, and by her patience teaches us that there is one who is husband to the widow, that sbe too gives thanks -t and may I not speak for those orphaned children, who shall teach you and I that there is a Providence that is constant in its tenderness and kind ness, and say that they too give thanks ? We need the lesson of this death—I need it— and if it be tbat by this means God is speak ing to these trembling hearts of ours to teach them to be still, we must give thanks too. God has his mysteries of grace—ways which we caunot tell. He hides them deep like the secret sleep of him ho loved so well." At the conclusion of the service the funeral procession formed outside the door of the Church. At the head of the cortege were the clerical members of the Conference in order of seniority, following them were the lay members of that body, the office-bearers of the Churches belonging to the denomination, and ministers of other religious bodies. Then came the hearse, attendedby the pall-hearers the Revs. D. S. Wylic, J. Haslam, J. Nichol son, C. T. Newman, B. G. Edwards, W. T. Carter, and the Rev. T. Hillman, Bible Chris tian. Next the hearso were three mourn ing coaches, in the first of which were Mrs. and Miss Patchell, Mr. R. N. Gault, and Miss Scott; in the seco-.d coach were Rev. J. Bickford (President of the Con ference), Rev. R. S. Casely (ex- President), Mr. McKirdy, Mrs. Gault: ana in the third. Rev. T. Raston, and Mr. T. Goode, of Goolwa. The procession moved towards the cemetery by way of West- terrace, and en route was joined by a large number of private vehicles and cabs, and which, ere the entrance to the burial ground was reached, formed an imposiog though solemn sight. The ground chosen for the deceased gentleman's last resting place was near the centre of the ceme tery, and adjacent to it were the graves of the Jate Revs. William Dawson, Jabez Bunt ing Portray.Matthew Wilson, and Chas. Col well—all Wesleyan ministers. The services at the grave were conducted by the President (Rev. J. Bickford) ana the Secretary (Rev. R. M. Hunter), the prayer being offered by the Rev. T. 0. Laurance. Among the clerical members of the Conference who were present at the grave we noticed: —The President (Rev. J. Bickford), the Revs. R. S. Casely, T. Raston, C. Lane, T. C. Laurance, T. Lloyd, S. Knight, IL T. Burgess, C. H. Goldsmith, J. Allen, T. Edmeades, J. B. Stephenson, A. Stubbs, D. S. Wylie, R, M. Hunter, C. T. Newman, J. Y. Simpson, J. Haslam, J. Nicholson, B. G. Edwards, I). O'Donnell, J. Read, P. C. Thomas, R. W. Campbell, W. B. Mather, J. H. Trevorrow, A. J. Bogle, W. H. Rofe, T. M. Rowe, W. T. Carter, R. Kelly, J. D. Langsford, S. F. Prior, W. A. Langsford, T. E. Thomas, M.A., W. H. Hauton, J. Watts, J. N. Mills, S. S. Moncrieff.I. Perry, J. Blight, G. E. Rowe, W. A. Bainger, J. H, Goss, J. H. Hadley, and J. P. Chapman. The following gentlemen also attended'The Rev. T. Hillman, Hon. A. Catt (Commissioner of Crown Lands, Hon. G. W. Cotton, M.L.C., Messrs. T. Rhodes, W. Rhodes, Joel Roberts, T. S. Carey, Parsons, James Hill, J. D. Hill, John Hill, James Scott, J.P., C. Prowett, S. Churchward, R. Nicholson, R. G. Wilkinson, J. L. Bouython, E. Lipsett, M. H. Madge, Dr. Rees. W. B. Chinner, W. G. Coombs, Joseph Lloyd, A. Scott, J. D. Bone, Jameson, James Pappin, J. S. Greer (Mayor of Unley), J. A. Northmore, E. C. Longson, J. Jarvis (City Missionary), F. Leake (Town Mis sionary forPirie-street Church ),C. S. Sanders, T. Stephens, W. Pengelly, W. H. Barry, S. Allen, James Robin, D. Nock, J. Langsford, and R. Langman. Of the deceased's family were present—Mrs. Patchell, accompanied by Mr. and Mrs. Gault, Mr. J. McKirdy, ana Mr. Thomas Goode, J.P., of Goolwa: Miss Patchell and Miss Emma Patchell, ac companied by Miss (fault and Miss Scott. The funeral arrangements were carried out by Mr. Peugelley in a very effec tive manner. The coffin was of kauri pino, covered with the best black clotli, adorned with black furniture, on which was inscribed "G. W. Patchell, died January SGth, 1883; aged 50 years." The lid was adorned with wreaths containing passion flowers, North Australian climbers, and swazoma, made by members of the Pirie street congregation. 