PRESENTATION TO MR. J. J. OAL LAGHAN AT MAITLAND. Mb. J. J. (Mlagkanj do long and ao favourably known in connection with fcho Oatholic Donomi nafcional ochool, Imo left l.hc oeone of hia auccess ful labours, and the dopcr.fcuro of fcho popular teechoj' from West Mainland -.7:13 marked by a oifcumofcanco oC a very ploaain'g character. A number o£ gentlemen desirous of giving becoming expression to the reopecfc and esfcaem they entertained for Mi:. Gallaghan, and £0 acknowledge, on the evo of liio departure for Sydney, his many aefco of public usefulnoGo during his reoidonco in Maitland, met in Sb. JohnVj ochoolroom, Weofc Maitland, fcowifc neas fcho prooentaliion of a. toafciraonial. It wao a representative and enthusiastic gathering. Hio Lordship 'oho Eight Bey. Dr. Murray, Biohop or Maifcland, preoidod ; near him oak the Itev. Fafchern Shoohy and Darcy, and Mr. Oallaghan, and among the company were a number of in fluential gentlemen of all ci'eedu. His Lordchip oaid he oonoidered it So. honour to preoide on ouch an occaoion, and he was very glad to Gee 00 many present — not only Catholics but non-Cfltholico alao — (cheers) — who had come to join in giving evidence of the respect enter tained for Mr. Oallaghan. Of course he need not tell them that all his oympathieo wore with fceachero as .a rule. (Cheers.) There wore circum Bfcancea connected with the buoineoo of that meet ing that prompted him in giving an anower in the affirmative. They wore separating themselves from Mr. Cdlaghr.n. He was no longer the teacher of the Oatholic School in West Maitland. He had no i'aulfc to find with Mr. Oallaghan for entering into the employ of the Government act a Public School teacher. The Ohur ch so far had never forbidden any Oatholic to become a teacher or inopeefcor of such schools. Therefore Oatholic teachers in the Public Schools and Catholic in spoefcoro 01 these schools were not at all such in opposition to it. For that reason he had come fchere cheerfully to add his testimony of the deep respeet ho entertained for Mr. Callaghan. (Oheers.) Ho wao suro that all regretted that circumstances had occurred to cause him to sever himEoli from them. Mr. Oallaghan had been a great support — a great help to them. In fact, during the time he had been in charge of the sehool fchoy had had no trouble : he did all the work himself. Indeed all the priest had to do was to visit tho school occasionally to applaud what Mr. Oallaghdn had done. (Cheers.) Ho regrptiad the oeparation that had taken place in vSgard to the school system. ETofc only wei-e the Oatholic touchers taken away from the Caiiholio schools, not only did tho people receive no pay for their fieachero, but when he asked fchsst an inspector ohould be allowed to come to tb'e Gchools, fjhio wao denied them. He called lumself on tho Iato Minister for Public Instruction, Mr. Sutfcor, and told him tho great advantage it would be to Oatholic schools if ho would allow an mapsctor to come and inspect them. Hie request wos nofc acceded to. Ho called again — this timo on the present Minister, the Eon. Mr. Eoid, but that gontloman told him it could not be done. On hiB v/ay from Mel bourno he called on Dr. Lanigan, Bishop of ©oulburn, and Dr. Lanigan showed him the cor respondence that had taken place between him and the Hon. Mr. Reid, v/itli reference to this matter. It was to tho offoet that it would be a great eervioe to fcho Oatholic schools if he would allow an inspector to visit them ; but an answer wao given in the negative. A few weeks back a very able article appeared in She Freeman's Jotjunal, .which pointed out that gireator confidence would Be given it1 tho Govern raent inspector visited tho schools than if clerical inopeotionB wavo made. That was a vory solid and uensiblo article (cheers) and one with which lie thoroughly agrood. (Applause.) It was a jpifcy that tho Government would not grunt this. It entailed little expense or trouble for an in spector to be allowed to come into the schools and declare upon examination whether the (Oatholic Echools wore worse or equal'or superior to the other schools. (Oheers.) Mr. Oallaghan while in Maitland co- operated most earnestly, and most energetically, with tho church authori ties. No one deserved greater respect or greater acknowledgment than a zealous teacher who reared up children to be good citizens and prepared them by ex ample to bo fitted for the next life. (Oheoi'B.) Mr. Oallaghan was one of those teachers. There fore ho ao his Biohop was there — Father Shoohy and Father Darcy wore there, and the Vory Rev. Father Hand would have been there, but he had nofc boon woll lately and on his advice wont to Newcastle for a change of air, but was present that evening in spirit— they wore thero to show their eofceom for Mr. Oallaghan. He aaid again tfoat ho was delighted to bo there to show bin roBpecfc for Mr. Oallaghan, and to wiah him and hio wife and family ovory happinoas. (Ohoors.) Mr. E1. Menkens, after reading an apology for non-attendanco from tho Very Rev. P. Hand, presented an addreca on behalf of tho citizeno of Maitland, in which complimentary roforencea were made to Mr. Oallaghan's ability as a teacher, and to hia distinguished cervices to tho School of Arts, and » hopo expressed that health, hap piness, and prosperity would attend him and hio family. Mr. Menkono, after reading the address. opoke in terms of eulogy of Mr. Oallaghan'o greab energy and usefulness, his ability ao a speaker, and hio worth ao a citizen. Mr. Robert Hyndos, Mr. Lovi, Mr. W. H'. Mullon, Mr. J. Bnrighfc, Mr. J. W. Fender, Mr. Bv/yor, Mr. JP. Bourko, Mr. M. Murray, and UTofchora Shoohy and Darcy briofly addrooaod tho mooting, and in tho remarks of all tho epoakoi'D tho merits and accbmpliohmonto of Mr. Oallaghan woro aljudod to in very gracoful and flattering terms. BLio Lordship having expressed hio admiration of tho beautiful addreosoo dolivorod by fcho variouo Bpeakoro, said ho had much pleasuro, in the name of fcho people of Maifcland, nofc only ©fttholico, but other denominations aleo, in presenting Mr. Oallaghan with tho address and a purse of sovereigns. (Oheora.) Mr. Callaghan, who, on rising to reply, was received with loud applause, oaid he need hardly assure them that he accepted their very flitter ing address, and the magnificent gift by which 1! W113 accompanied, with very great pleasure. Ho accepted it because ho was assured, and had ' reason to bo corfcain of tho fact, that it wr;3 Lhc j gift of genuine sincere friends. He was indeed ! proud of tho position ho occupied that evening, and ho would continue to be proud of. it as long as he lived. They had referred to hio success as the teacher of the school in which they were then as- I semblod. Ho had been bo encouraged by the zeal and assistance ho received from tho Very Rev. F. Hand, and tho Cathedral clorgy, and by tho kind- | n'oBo of tho parents and the good disposition of tho children, that apart altogether from the im- j pulse of conscience, which impelled him to dis- I charge hio duties ao beofc ho could, he could now j honestly oay lio believed he had done woll. | (Applause.) Ee had sought nofc only to instruct, 1 but to educate, and he felt that in years to come lie would be gratefully romotnbered by hiapupila. (Applause.) It wao quite true he had associated himself with other mufctero, but there in the proQonce of those who could attest it,c truth ho mudc bold to cay that ho had never during 2A- yearo given five minutes of tho time that, honestly belonged to bio pupils to any other duties than theirs. His efforts in connec tion with the School of Arts had been a pleaaanfc form of relaxation. He felt that ouch an institution could bo made a great public benefit, but that to succeed its manage ment should be worthy of support. He would not refer to .. other mattero in which lie had taken part, but everything ho had been associated with was alwaya a ouccesa. (Sear, hear.) He felt that he had inadequately thanked them, but he was unable to do more. If a good name and a legion of friends were a passport to advancement, lie had secured these in Maitland. (Cheers.) They had expressed their good wishes for the future prosperity and happinens of himself and hio family. Ho asked them to allow him to reciprocate — to express tho hope that fchoir good wishes in his and his family's behalf might be carried out, alao in theirs, and that fcho city of Maitland might aa years rolled by become more prosperous snd more wealthy. He hoped, too, that its cifcizena might live liannoniocixly together — not by any ono betraying his principles or being afraid to avow them, but by each one holding firmly to that which he believed to be true, while at; the same lime ho w:ia tolerant of the principles, nay, even of the prejudices of others — while all could combine wherever the general interest was to bo served. (Loud and continued applauoe.) Signok Paladini will sing at Benediction in St. Benedict's Church on Sunday evening next. Ovee 40,000 people hove attended St. Patrick's Fair in fcho Melbourne Exhibition. The lists of the Archbiohop's presentation close on tho 15th instant. H13 Grace the Arohbishop, vre understand intends appointing an inspector of the Catholic Gchools oi! tho Archdiocese. Mr. F. Campbem, late of St. Charles' R. O. School, Waverley, has been appointed to take charge of tho now school at Bondi which Mr. J. T. Macmahon, of the Q-onerul Post Office, v/as instrumental in getting for that Biiburb. On account of the recent illnooa of hio Lord ship Bishop Luck, of Auckland, N.Z., bin modifiil adviser and attendant, Dr. Leo, has ordered a change of air. Tho Waikafco district hag boen recommended, and his Lordship has gone to that place. On Sunday, 15th instant, the Archbishop will perform two vory important corcmoniofl at Bal main. Tho first will bo that of blessing mid open ing tho new Church and Oonvont of St. Joseph, in Balmain West, at 11 a.m. ; and tho second, that of laying tho foundation-stone of a now school for tho Mariot Brother?, in Thames-street, Balmain, at 4 o'olock, p.m. It is expected that thero will bo large attendances afc both ceremonies. Clerical Changes. — 'the Eev. J. Fleming, of St. Mary's Cathedral, has been appointed to Bombala, and hio place at St. Mary's will, we understand, bo filled by Father Ryan, a recent, arrival. Father Hayes, of Bombula, will take chargo of tho Wollongong Mission, and Father P. Oarroll is, wo beliove, to bo assistant priest in the diatrict. Wo understand that other changes will bo lnado before the Archbishop's departure for Europo. On Tuesday last hia Grraco fcho Archbishop ad miniotered fcho Sacrament of Confirmation at tho Church of St. Mary 'Star of tho Soa,' St. Leonardo, to about seventy children who had boon propared and instructed by Fathers Kelly and Brennan, S. J., and the Siofcors of Morcy. Last week hio Greco confirmed a large number of tho children attending tho Mount Carmel Oatholic schools. He also administered the holy rito to a number of tho prisonoro in Darlinghurot gaol. OtTTt ITewcaatlo correspondent writes : — Tho great ovont of last week wao tho marriage of E. Byrno, teacher, Christ Church school, to Miss MiiBGoy, of Darby -street, Newcastle. The intorcofc ing ceremony took placo at St. Mary's early on Tueaday, and v/as witnessed by a largo number of friends and admirers. Tho Rev. V. Bwyor, West Maitland, performed tho marriage cere mony, after which the wedding party were enter tained at the residence of tho bride's father. We understand that hio Q-raco the Archbishop will leave Sydney on hio tour to Europo on tho 19th inntanfc, by fcho Oifcy of Now York. On tho Tuesday evening beforo that dato the postponed annual mooting will be hold at Sfc. Mary'o Cathedral, whon a statement of accounts in con nection with tho erection and finishing of tho now cathedral will bo presented. At the same fcimo tho addresses from fcho clergy and luifcy to the Archbishop on tho occaoion of hio departure will bo prooonted, as also tho testimonial sub acribod amongst tho Oatholico of fcho archdioeoso of Sydney. His Lordship fcho Bishop of Goulburn ad ministered the Sacrament of Confirmation in St. Miry's Church, Young, on Sunday last. His Grace the Arehbichop, accompanied by the Vory Rev. Dean Flanagan, will leave Sydnoj to -day (Friday), for the purpose of visiting Brisbane Water. Hia Grace will, we understand, return at the end of next week. A gkakd concert in aid of the choir and organ fund oil 01,. Francis' Church will be given in the MiGonic Hall on Monday, April 22. Tickets may be obtained from members of the choir. Mr. F. A. Ilcrlihy, late teacher of St. Augus tine's school, Balmain, has been promotod by fcho minister to a higher grade (l.A)r, having been successful at the examination of teachers held in laofc December. The Rev. R. J. Oarr v/ill pay hio first official visit to Yiiss us inspector of tho Roman Oatholic schools in the diocese of Goulburn next week. A public examination of the boys attending St. Augustine's School will take place on the 10th instant;. Mr. Ulick M'Eviiy, B./L, who lately obtained his depiee at ihe University, hay arrived at Goulburn to fcakj his position as Professor of Higher Glassies and History in St. Patrick's College. Young. — Tho Eight Eev. Dr. iianiguu, Bishop of Goulburn, having started on his visitation tour through the diocese, arrived in town on last Friday, and lias since been staying at; 0fc. Mary's presbytery, Young. His Lordship spent Satur day in examining a number of candidates for Con firmation, and on Sunday, assisted by Fathers M'Grafchand O'Connell, confirmed nearly 100 of the ouccosoful ones. Both before rind after this rxiO3t imposing ani solemn ceremony, the Bishop addressed the candidates appropriately to the oc caaion, and concluded by giving, in accordance with his custom,' the newly-confirmed until they shall have attained to the ago of 21 yearo a pledge against intoxicating drinlfs, making an ex ception in favour ef the wines of the country. Afc fcho eleven o'clock Mass on Sunday the sermon v/as preached by Dr. Lanigan to one of the largest; congregations ever Been at St. Peary's. The church was crowded rn i very part. Besides there was a large number of persons (some of whom had travelled about 40 miles) who wero obliged to remain outc-ide the doors, having failed to obtain admission to I ho church. Ilia Lordship having read the Go .1 pel of the day, preached a most impressive discourse from these v/orda of same, ' Receive ye the Holy Ghost.' &c.; Bhaidytood. — Since the destruction of fcho old convent; oi' this town by fire (writes our corres pondent) an annual tea meeting and ball has boen hold on UJaster Monday evening, the proceeds of which are placed in the hands of the Sisters to liquidate tho debt sti'l due on fcho present insti tution. This year the Catholic ladies of Braid wood (who are always astir when their services in a good cause are required) made ample provi sion for the ' indisperisablee,' and an active com mittee soon spfc the arrangements in apple pie o.rder. The hall wan densely crowded, and a most enjoyable evening wan spent, and the amount of receipts was considered highly satisfactory. — The sad message of death has again been amongst, uo, and hns this time summoned to her final resting place the beloved daughter of Mr. Jamos M'Q-rath. Only a few months ago this young lady's name appeared amongst ilio Ii6fc of candidates who lately successfully pnssod their examination for the office of teaehor from Mr. Morrisaoy's school, and to-day it ie my painful duty to chronicle her sad demise (after a few daye' illneso), which took placo at Mr. Allon'o Hotel, on Monday Ia3t. For gonfclo demeanour, urbanity, of manner and thorough intelligence, Mies M'Grath was much ondeared nofc only amongofc her schoolmates but to all her acquaintances. Tho funerul fcook place on Werlnoseay, and was ono of the largest corteges ever seen in Brnidwood. Tho funeral service v/ns read by tho Her. M. D'/ircy. Mr. Edward Byan, of Jombaicumbene, has also ' gone the v,ray of all the earth.' Church ov thk Assumption.— Some eight months since the first; otone of the building at tho corner of Miaaonden Road, near St. John's College, boarinji the fcil.le of fche School-Church of thii Aosumption, ? na'laid. On Sunday morn ing hial; the ceremony of opening the edifice v/as performed by his Grace tho Archbishop of Sydney. Tho building is not quite finished, and when everything io in proper order it will be used ao a day-shool and ao a church. A woll built reaidence, of six rooms, for fcho sisters of Sb. Joseph, who are fco have chargo of fche school, adjoins the main building. Tho total coot has boen £2500, of which sum something like £700 has been collected. At present tho sisters carry on the ochool in the old building, and tho average attendanco ia over 100. On Sunday last High Mass was sung by tho Rev. H. B. Callachor, pastor of St. .lames', Forest Lodge, with the Rev. A. T. O'Dwyor as deacon, and tho Rev. Father Muldoon an tho aub-doacon of the mas3. His G-race the Archbiohop presided, and tho ceremonies of the day wero carried out under the direction of tho Hev. J. P. Fitspatriok, pastor of St. Joseph's, Newtown. Tho Archbiohop preached on the occasion. Hio (3-riice after read ing the gospel of tho day proceeded to show tho Divine origin of tho Holy Catholic Church, and fche moot, reverend preacher discoursed with fino eloquence on fcho unity and vitality of fcho Ohnrch, on its history and trials?, its marvellous expansion, itu p'oefc and bonolicial influence on fcho world, oonc:ludii,(; with an earnest, exhorta tion. Tho offertory amounted to £120 ; tho Archbiohop giving i\ donation or ten guineaa. Mr. Fred. Croft, fche organist of !-t. Joseph's, Nowtown, nnd a really able and gifted musician, arranged fcho musical norvico of fcho day, which v/as surprisingly good. All fcho music we a ez eellenfcly rendered, and fche soloist?, Mrs. J. J. Ilyan, Miss Golvin, Mr. Fitzgerald, and Mr. M'Conville, as woll as tho so who assisted, in cluding Mr. Bowler, Mrs. O'tickson, and M103 Ohrietio, desorvo a line of uofcico for thoir earnest and successful oiiorta. It io oxpoefced that the now buildings v/ill bo quifco ready in fcv/Q or three weeks. An examination for the O'Gonnell scholarship will bo held in St. John's College, on Monday, April 16. at at,. Patrick'c Cathedral, Melbourne, on Sun j day laafc, Plumpton'o Mass in G- was oung, with I i'lioo; Alice Reos, Mrs. Enmcden, and Mr. Sfcaker as soloists. Afc tho offertory Ilioo Alien Rees ; oang Plumpfcon'o ' Avc Maria.' : . 