WIT AND HUMOR. REMENTI says :—" Genius is the power a man has to kindle his own fire." Nonsense. It is genius that enables a man to lie in bed while somo one else kindles his fire for him. " INDEPENDENT of his title, ho is a great and good man," said Mrs. Ramsbotham. " As the poet says, ' The rank is but a penny stamp, tho man's the gold for a' that.' "—Punch. " WHO was it that said it was not good for man to be alone J" asked a Sundayschool teacher of the members of his class. A boy answered " Daniel, sir, when in the lion's den." " SPEED THE PARTING GOEST."—(Things one would have rather left unsaid).— " We've had such a pleasant evening, Mr. Jones ! May I beg of you to ask one of your servants to call a hansom ?" " With pleasure, Mrs. Smith!"—Punch. A SWELL New-Yorker has a curious finger-ring with the Ten Commandments engraved on it in such small characters that they can only be read with the aid of a microscope, and people who know him well are of the opinion that he has lost tho microscope. THE MAIDEN'S POINT OP VIEW.— Mamma (to Maud, who has been with her brother to the play, and is full of it)— " But was there no love in the piece, then!" Maud—" Love 1 O dear no, mamma. How could there be ? The principal characters were husband and wife, you know !"•—Punch. " HAS yer got any chilluns in dis heah house?" asked Matilda Snowball of an Austin lady to whom sbe wanted to hire herself as a cook wash lady. " I have only one child, a little baby." " Den I ain't gwine ter hire myself to no family whar dar am no chilluns, or whar de chilluns am so small dat all de breakin' ob de dishes am put off on me." STRANGE.—Malcolm (to the colonel who had been narrating his fishing adventures all over the globe): "Yemustha'ehadgran' sport among the black men, Sir! Hed they ony releegion ?" " Colonel: All kinds, Malcolm. Some worshipped idols, some the sun, some the moon, some the water—" Malcolm: "Thewater?" (Musing.) "Aweel Sir, I couldno' bring mysel' to care for that!" DR. GUTHRIE once remarked in advanced life, " They say I am growing old, because my hair is silvered and there are crow's-feet on my forehead, and my step is not so firm and elastic as of yore. But tbey are mistaken. That is not I. The brow is wrinkled, but the brow is not L This is the house in which I live. But I am young—younger than ever I was before." ' AN old gentleman who had provoked the hostility of a fashionable lady whom he had known in boyhood was asked by his wife what he had done to incur tbe lady's displeasure. " Nothing at all," replied the innocent old man; " on the contrary I was most cordial with her, and spoke of the time when we used to play together on our way to school, nearly half a century ago!" His wife threw up her hands and murmured, " How stupid men are!" I'rtntcd and Published by the Proprietor, GEOBO; ASAHB, it tbe office of the AXBDET BUIKEE WODOWOA CXPBUB. Dean-Street, Albnzr. in the 1 Colony of Scv Sooth Wale*. oiflered mind. ' MeTsblatibri "to whicliTief . mother condemned her.. was -the: surest method of deadening mind and memory." He would havo given much had he been . free to summon Justina to Borcel, and test the power of a daughter's lore upon Muriel's brain. . But to bring Justina away from London would be to imperil the prosperity of the Albert Theatre, and doubtless to incur onerous legal penalties. Nor did he wish to draw Justina into -the business till his chain of evidence was too complete . for the possibility of failure in the estab- . lishment of her rights. " No," he told himself, " for some time to come I must act without JuBtina. 1 Martin could talk of nothing but his newly discovered niece, and was full of impatience to see her. It was only by promising to take him to London in a few days, and introduce him to Justina, that Maurice succeded in keeping this young man quiet during his first day at Borcel End. And thus the day wore itself out, and night, with the full autumn moonlight, descended upon the old farmhouse. CHAPTER XLIX. " stapb'd through the heart's affections TO THE HEART." It was a clear autumn night, still and cloudless. The mists of the evening had rolled away from moorland and meadow,— from the dark; brown fields where the plough had been busy, and the long line of rippling water. The moon was as bright and full as on that first night of Maurice Clissold's sojourn at Borcel. He had been told that on such nights as thiB Muriel was wont to be restless. "Now if that poor ghostof days departed will but haunt my room to-night, I may gather some shred of information from her disjointed talk," he said to himself. But the night wore away while he lay awake and watchful, and there was no sound of slippered footfall in the corridor, • no opening of tho creaking old door. Mr. Clissold fell asleep at last, when the moon had vanished, and did not wake till ever so long after the Borcel End breakfast-hour. This was disappointing, but ho waited another day, and watched another night, with the same result. " If she doesn't come to-night I give it up," he said to himself. " After all, there can be but little for me to gather from her •rambling self-communion." He slept for an hour or two on the third afternoon, and thus on the third night of his watch was more wakeful than before. Tho nights were moonlight still, but the moon rose later. He lay awake for three hours on this' particular.^ight, and hepudinota sound, save the occasional seufilings, patterings, and squealing' of mice behind tho wainscot, But a few. minutes after the eight-day clock in the hall had struck two, the watcher heard the sound that had startled him at his first coming—the slipshod footfall— the slow, ghost-like tread on the uncarpeted floor of tho corridor. Muriel was approaching. She eintered slowly,—quietly—as before, and went straight ,to the window, which she opened.noiselessly, taking infinite pains to avoid all sound. Then, kneeling on the window-seat, she put her head out of the window, and looked downward, as if she were watching some one below." , " Be careful, love," she exclaimed, in a whisper just loud enough to reach Maurice's attentive . ear,' that root of ivy is loose. I'm afraid your foot will'slip. Be carefulI". For some time she remained thus, holding imaginary communion with some one below: 1 Then all at once she awoke to ai ,Benso of her solitude, and knew that she: had been talking to a phantom. She drew back into the room, and began to walk up anddown Tapidly, with a distracted' air, her hands'clasped upon her head, as if by that pressure upon her-temples she would have: stilled the trouble within her brauh • "They tolddhefhe^was dead," she said to herself; murdered, barbarously murdered. Sut there was no truth in it.' They have told me'-' iotKerilies as -well as that. They are all false, all cruel. My -mother has;made them so. She has taken away my husband. ; She has taken, away my child.,- Site has left me nothing but memory.' -:Why, did she., not; take that away! ',, I should be happy—yes, quite happy, sitting, by, the -fire .and singing all day long, ^ro^naing,about the hazel bushes, and thoqld applfrtrees (n the wilderness, if I.did not,remember, Jiutllook down at jay. empty :a£ms,.and; remember that my blessed child ought ,to;be .lying, in -them, and_t]ien._I_hatfi. Jier.._JEes,..I..;hate„:the mqther that bore me." All-this was said in -disjointed gushes of quick, eager speech, divided by intervals of silence. Suddenly she burst into a shrill laugh. " Who says he is dead !" she cried. " Don't I see him every moonlight night when I can come here ! Tho shnt me up mostly, lock all their doors, and keep me prisoner. Cruel—cruel—cruel. But he is standing under the window all the same, whenever the moon shines. He is there, waiting for me to open my window, like Borneo. Yes, that's what he said ' like Borneo/ " \- Then, with an entire change of tone, a change of deepest tenderness, mingled with a remorseful tear, she went on, as if speaking to her lover. " Love, it was very wrong of us to break our promise. I fear that harm will come of it. My mind is full of fear." After this came a long silence. She went back to the window, knelt upon the broad wooden seat, laid her head upon the sill, and remained motionless, specchle Maurice fancied she was weeping. This continued for nearly an hour; then with a sudden movement—all her movements were sudden—she started up and looked about the room, as if in quest of Maurice had left his extinguished candle on the dressing table, with a box of matches in the candlestick. Quick as thought, Muriel seized the box, struck a match, and lighted the candle, and then hurried from the room. The watcher sprang from the bed where he had been lying hidden by the shadow of the curtains, and followed that retiring figure, full of apprehension. A confirmed lunatic rushing about an old timber house with a lighted 'candle was not the safest of people, and Maurice held himself responsible for any harm that might happen in consequence of Muriel's liberty. When he came out of his room the corridor was empty, but the gleam of the candle in tho distance guided his hurried At the end of the corridor there was a winding stair—a stair which he had never ascended—but which he understood to lead to certain disused garrets in the roof. It was from this narrow stair that the light came,, and hither Maurice hastened. He was just in time to see the edge of Muriel's white drapery flutter for an instant on the .topmost stair before it vanished, and the light with it. He rushed up the stairs, knocking his head against a heavy cross-beam in the course, of his swift ascent, and almost stunning himself; but even, that blow did not make him pause. He staggered on to the last stepj and fpuud himself in akind of cavern, which in the'diiii light of the waning moon looked to him like the hold of a ship turned upside down. Ponderous beams crossed each other in every direction —the faint moonshine streamed through a broken skylight—cobwebs and dust, hung all around, and in, one, corner of this deserted loft, a few articles of furniture were crowded together, shrouded from the dust by an old patchwork coverlet. Even this loft had doubtless been kept in good order so long as that vigilant housewife, Bridget Trevanard, had been able to attend to her domestic duties. Muriel_ Was kneeling near this shrouded heap of discardedfurniture—kneelin" by an old-fashioned basket-work cradle. She held the candlestick in one hand, and seemed to be searching for something in the cradle with the other hand. Her head was bent, her brow contracted, and she was mutterin" to herself as she gropeid among the tumbled blankets and discolored linen which had once made the warm nest of some idolized infant. Her own nest, most likely, Maurice stopped short. To startle her in such a moment might be dangerous. Better for him to hold his peace, and keep a watch upon her movements, ready to rush to the rescue, should there be peril. , Presently she seemed to have found what she wanted,. It .was a letter in a sealed envelope, which she looked at and kissed but made'.no attempt to:open. ..She replaced, this presently! in the cradle, and took out more; letters, two or three together, open, and those she kissed, looking long and-fixedly, at the lines, as if she were trying to read them,' hut could not. "My love, my love,"- she murmured. " Your own true words—nothing but death could'part us. Death has parted us. Yes, death ! They told -me you were dead. And yet-that can't he true. The dead are spirits. Ifyou were deiad you would hover near me. I should see yonr blessed shade. I should " Her eyes, wandering slowly from the letter, penetrated that dusky corner where —gave one loug, ^To'her'excitedimagination '' ia 5 silent form seemed the ghost of her dead lover. sue had thrown th< P^^Tker,claspedhermlnsaims and trampled on the of the loose coverings from the furniture, and rolled her in it tightly, firmly, ert n- guishing the flames in his vigorous grasp. The peril, the horror, had been bu »om*- tary, vet he feared the shock might bo fatal. The frail form shivered in his arms, me tender flesh had been scorched. Even in that moment of terror she still believed him to be her lover. "Not a spirit!" she murmured. .Not tho shadow of the dead, but living, and returned to me, to rescue, to cherish 1 Oh, George, is it really you!" rt was the firet time he had heard her utter George Penwyn's name. '• It is one who will protect and cherish yon," Maurice said tenderly. " One whom you may trust and cling to in all confidence, one who will restore your daughter to yon." My daughter, my baby girl!" she cried. " No! you can never do that on earth; in heaven we shall meet again, perhaps, and know each other, but never in this life. She was taken away from me, and they murdered her." "No; she was given into safe hands, she was loved and cared for. Years have ed since then, and she has grown up into a beautiful young woman. You shall see her again, live with lier, and she will love and honor you." I don't want her, I want my lovely r, the little child they took away from The baby that lay in my arms, and clung to my breast for one short hour before it was taken away." She shuddered, and a faint moan broke from her lips. You are in pain," said Maurice. Yes, tho fire is burning still. It scorches me to the heart." He took her up in his arms with infinite aderness, and carried her across tho loft, and down tbe narrow stair, making his way amidst those massive cross-beams, and by those steep steps with extreme caution, moon. Once at the bottom of the stairs, and in the broad corridor, his way was easy enough. He carried his light burden through the silent house, across tho empty hall, to old Mrs. Trevanard's room. Here he laid her gently on the sofa before awaking the blind grandmother. He found a candle on the table, and a match-box on the mantelpiece, and was soou provided with a light. His first look was at Muriel. She had fainted, and lay motionless where he had placed her—white and death- like. He wont to Mrs. Trevanard's bedside, and woke her gently. "Dear Mrs. Trevanard, there has been an accident. Your granddaughter is hurt • not seriously, I trust, but the shock has' made her insensible. Will you give her some kind of restorative, while I go and call the servants!" left the room for this purpose, hurried to the end of the house where he had been told the servants slept, in a room over tho kitchen, knocked at the door of this room and told one of the girls to get up and dress herself as fast as she could, and come to , Trevanard's room without a moment's loss of time. This done, he hastened back to Muriel, and found.the blind grandmother administering to her- holding a glass contaimng some cordial of her own concoction to the white hps of the sufferer. " W h r did you persuade me'to leave mv door open!" exclaimed Mrs. Trevanard, reproachfuUy. "See what harm has cirne Th'ZwT h i There has been a shook, } but I a hope Providence. no real " ™ a t it! Did she fall!" No, it was worse than a fall " He told how the flame had caught Muand ride over to fetch him, however fa?* lt may be," said Maurice. " '' J ou r j de •" cned Mrs. Trevanard con temptuously, "and how are vou to fl™," yourwayftomhereto"- - y? fiud - break!" "Iam not afraid. I have driven the road often with Martin/" . ' - >< Let Martin go. He has known the way from childhood." . _ •. This seemed a reasonable suggestion, and Maurice hurried off to wake Martin, just as phosbe the housemaid arrived on the scene, 6leepy, hut sympathetic. She had expected to find old Mis. Trevanard ill; in fact had made up her mind that the old • lady had had "a stroke," and was at her last gasp. She was therefore surprised to find the blind woman keen and active, only needing the aid of some one with eyes, to carry out her instructions. Maurice was not sorry to remain on the 6pot while Martin went for the doctor, feeling that coolness and nerve might be Martin was up and dressed in the briefest possible space of time, and ran out to the stables to saddle the useful hack which was kept for the dog-cart. Day was beginning to show faint and pale in the east as he galloped away by the road that led to Seacomb, the same road by which Matthew Elgood and his wife had gone in the chill March morning, twenty yeare before, with Muriel's child in their custody. Maurice walked up and down the hall, listening for any sound from that inner room, and in half an hour had the satisfaction of hearing that Muriel was sleeping tranquilly, aud that she had been very little Imrned. " Thank God 1" he ejaculated fervently. " If this accident had been fatal I should have deemed myself her murderer." At seven o'clock Dr. Mitchell arrived, an old man with a wise, kind face. He had assisted at Mnriel's birth, and had been in some measure familiar with the various stages of her life, though never entrusted with the fatal family secret. He made light of the accident. " A shock to the system, undoubtedly," he said, " hut I trust not involving any danger. Indeed, I am not without hope that it may have a beneficial effect in subduing that restlessness' which Mis. Trevanard tells me is the worst feature of tho case. Anything which would induco repose would be favorable, and, by-and-by, perhaps, change of air and scene—a total change of surroundings—might do good in weaning the mind from old impressions, introducing, if I may say so, a new color into the patient's life. I have often suggested this to our worthy friend the lato Mrs. Trevanard, but without effect. • She had her prejudices, good soul, and she thought her daughter could only be properly cared for at home." " And do you think your patient might soon bo moved!" asked Maurice, who had a scheme for bringing mother and daughter together. "Well, not immediately. Under present circumstances rest is most to be desired, hut when strength returns I feel assured that change would be advan- When he had heard all tho doctor had to say and eaten a hasty breakfast, Maurice went quietly upstairs, and having assured himself that there was nobody a"bout to watch his movements, ascended that upper staircase leading to the loft. {To be continued.) 