LECTURE ON SPIRITUALISM. —Yours, truly, R BAKER." Mr Richard Baker, whose mind is active although his body and limbs are tem porarily disabled, proposes that Mr C. E. Jones shall deliver a lecture on “Spiritism," as it is seen to day in the United States, tracing, that system of telegraphy with the unseen world, beyond the celebrated “ Rochester knocking,” and the equally remarkable phenomena of the 11 Cock lane ghost,” and challenging the whole body of spiritists in these colonies, to ebow that any of the singular sounds and appearances, to which they invite attention,' result from the intervention of “ departed spirits.’/ Mr Jones was engaged in a similar debate, while resident in Jameaville,. Wisconsin,. TJ.SA., with Mr C. T. Stewart, one of th& eminent advocates of spiritist philoaopy in that home of the system, and the debate, with sub* sequent lectures, summarising results, occu pied niue nights, and engrossed attention in all circles, classical as well as secular. Mr Jones is quite willing to enter on the course suggested, provided that Mr Baker , will under take the management, and if that can be arranged, it is probable that the Academy of Music will be engaged for the occasion of the preliminary lecture, on an early date, The interest attaching to such a discussion may render. it necessary to occupy the Alfred- Hall subsequently, to accommodate such audiences as are anticipated, and we are informed that million prices for admis sion will be charged to allow of all clasaes attending. The business now waits the* dictum of Mr Baker.” The foregoing pnra< graph appeared iu an evening contemporary on Saturday, and seeing the interest which must attach to such n discussion, with Con spicuous ability on both sides, we have very great pleasure in reprinting .what is virtually a challenge to tbe'most'eminent "spiritists in? these colonies from a “foeman worthy of their steel/’ Mr R. baker, M.L.A., on being inter viewed' by one of our staff, wrote the sub joined memorandum;— 4 *Dear Sir,—l feel that, as matters stand, there is no option as to my acceptance of the management, which Mr Jones makes a condition precedent to acting on my suggestion, and knowing how numerous have been Mr Jones* opportunities for study" ing spiritism in the land of its birth, 1 am very desirous to see that gentleman pitted against an intellectual antagonist of like powers for the discussion of the great question as to spirit interference in matters mundane. Many of my best friends are thoroughly imbued with spiritist 'philosophy and perfectly in earnest in their belief, as I think for want of light, which I hope nod believe may come to them out of the pending lecture and subse* quent discussion; The injuries which I have sustained will not permit me to superintend all the details of this movement, but if my spiritist friends will communicate to me their purposes .and intentions in this matter, or will nominate one of their number to settle the preliminaries of the forthcoming debate, I will meet them in tho generous and manly spirit which should actuate all persona in pursuit of truth. The' preliminary lecture shall be an* nouoced as soon as I can ascertain the wishes of the other side and the dates on which the Academy of Music will be available. 