'SMU AMERICAN GIRL OP TEE PERIOD - pall wall budget, 23rd marcti. Skobcleff onco told an Irish lady that ha Was in sympathy neither with English con- etitntioDalisin nor American democracy, bat "he admired the quiet daring of the Ameri cans, and loved thorn in their reverence for Women. lie thought tho olu American laay a ; more agreeable bvng to contemplate than the j young." Skohrivff' estimate of the compare- ; live agreeableuoss of the American woraxu in ; age and youth is not generally shared by Europeans; hut it justice is emphatically en dorsed by . tho Rev. Dr. Morgan Dix, who ' has been delivering some fcruciott Lenten lecturer at Trinity Cliapei, New York, concerning the shocking depravity ©f tho American girl. As the result of the follies ami sins by which the women of .America have 44 brought contempt upon their nnme and cast a blight on their condition," the ; reverence for women which Skobrietf regarded as one of the best features of the American character is disappearing. According to Dr. Dix the position of women bw distinctly , changed for the wurse. " The deference paid ! j her is less, homage has turned to mere civility, 1 the pnblio invade her privacy, the newspapers j print her name in full, she is treated with no 1 more ceremony than if she were a man." This 5 'is alarming news if true, and, as Dr. Dix Rays | none can donbt that it is, it may not bo amiss j to glance at his diagnosis of the wickedness of tho American woman. It has provoked a I Btorra of indignation among the fair sex on tho Other side of the Atlantic, but in somo parti- i cnlars it may be found nst without application ! nearer home. Dr. Dix, in his fourth Lenten lecture, i limits himself solely to tho consideration of j one class of sins, which, however, most people will regard as tolerably comprehensive. This class of mns ho splits up into five groups, as ; follows | 1. Tho lack of sorion3 viqwb of life, and tho habit of turning the thoughts exclusively to en joyment. 2\. Tlio degradation of the Idea of matrimony, j 19 shown by entering into that estate for low ami unworthy motives. 3\. Tho deliberate determination of some Inar- I ried women to dofeit tho objects for which inar- 1 riaga was instituted ; to have no real homo ; to avoid first tbo pains and next the cares and duties of maternity. 4\. The habit, where a homo exists, of ticglect- ! ing it by spending most of the timo away frotn it, k running up nnd down in pursuit of excitement j and turning tliuir children over to the care of 1 servants. j 5\. The growing indifference to tho chief of all j social abominations, divorce, and tho toleration j of lax notions. These, it may bo paid at once, are no specially American sins. They bavo characterised some j portions of the sox over ninco the world began, 1 I and they have afforded themes for satirists and : I preachers in all ago9 ; and a good deal of what I Dr. Dix has to nay has been said lone ago in j | ©very country under tho broad sky. His special lament is that 44 rent women" are dying out, « j and that tbo 44 ideal of an earnest, modest, j simple womanhood" is being superseded by a j ! poor substitute, made of 4.4 vulgarity, heartless- ( . nes, froth and ohaff." Tho girl of the period j 1 ia New York, it Beam?, picks up the slang of < ; her brothers, jeste at tho world and all things j j therein, cultivates a cynical indifference, and i combines with nil those vices a mysterious j something, described by Dr. Dix as tho ' "worship of pedantic bookiness," au offence of which the Knclish fast girl has never been accused. Worst of all, aha : marries not "to sacrifice herself to one I .individual, but rather to have free run of all \ avenues which lead to the enjoyment of the j world." To tho wife are permitted liberties j , denied to tho maid ; marriage is to lior not ser- 1 vitudo but emancipation. Fast girl hasten to convert themselves into faster wives, aud, j according to Dr. Dix, thoy take good care to | escape tho domestic duties which ia better days were regarded as the natural sequel of matrimony. They have either small families or uone at all, and although Dr. Dix indulges in some outrageously tall talk concerning the " growth of Nihilism and the organisation of fiends whose woapon b dynamite," as the re- 1 j siTts of thi& 44 great, growing, almost national ! ' crimo," his account of the condition of the I i children of these household is such as | to make it a cause of thankfulness j ' that there are so few of thein. For he says : | 14 All about us we sec the wrecks of homes, the . shadows of ghosts of homes, the parodies of homes. Slowly are dying out the home life, the home influence, the home training, the /home religion." The father throw off his j duties ou his wife and goes, hi way. The ! mother's first thought is how to keep the ! little ones out of the way, and, ia order to be ' free for her pleasures, hands thcui over to hire- : lings. If such is tho fate of the few children who have the misfortune to bo born, their j ' number, not their paucity, ought , to be o matter of regret. | That there aro many girls in New York— j as in London, Pari and every other centre of j wealth und luxury— as despicable .03 those : . whom Dr. Dix describes is true enough, and pity 'tis tis true. But that thb picture of tho ; j American girl applies to auy more ttmu the ; i mere fringe of tlic sex \yc altogether refuse to 1 believe. The worst of, it is that I)r. Dix ; himself and men of that way of thinking are ' partly answerable for tht abnormal develop ment of female folly. Dr. Dix has just been ! difitinguLhing himself by heading the opposi- I tion— which has unfortunately been successful ; — to tho admission of woinou to Columbia : College. Notwithstanding the success of i : Newohain and Girtpn, and of the V/oman's j j Annex at Harvard, it has pleased Dr. Dix and , others to denounce 'the higher education of i women us if it were certain to result in the I ruin of the sex. Women, in Id's opinion, I ought to regard the love, admiration and hap- I pitieB of man as tfie chief end of their being, j nnd a well educated woman, he seems to believe, j judging perhaps from hia own feelings, would bo i much less attractive to mankind than her more ; I ignorant sister. It is that kind of teaching which ' i leads directly to the 44 immolation of the child j in society" which Dr. Dix so bitterly laments. ! He would shut them out trom all but socuu , ambitions, and an exaggerated devotion to ; society is the natural result. Almost all the abuses which he assails are due to the luck of the higher and wider education which he re- I j sohitely denies, It is in vain for any ono to. j i preach that either mau or woman exist solely : , for tlie benefit of somo one else. Each indi- I vidua! exists also for him or for her self, and marriage ought no more to be the sacrifice of | the woman to the man, as Dr. Dix maintains, > than the sacrifice of the man to the woman. | It is idle to deplore sordid views of marriage i when declaiming against the opening of other : : means of livelihood to woman, It is a some \ 1 what odd notion that if women are ns well j educated as men thoy will be less likely to live ! happily together in married life, "incom- i patibility of temper is recognised in some ; States a a legitimate ground for divorce ; but j it is left lo Dr. Dix and men of that school to re- gard equality in education a a fatal bar to happy marriages. ' ! 