MAGNETIC DREAMS. sr. james's noDcrr. Educated men havo generally found some difficnltyiu believing that it is possiblo to give serious attention to the question whether there nro such things ns apparitions and such powers as those of second sight. Tho Socioty for Psychical Research aro making strenuous efforts to ovcrcomo this incredulous Bpirit ; but they arc by no means the first " re searchers" who bavo professed to deal with tho snbject by scientific methods. Many eccentric philosophers havo been dis posed to think tbat there is something to be said for tho popular faith in ghosts ; and among these philosophers per haps tlio foremost placo is due to Schopen hauer, who took such high rank among the original thinkers of his ago that he earned tho right to bo heard about nny matter regard ing which ho chose to express decided opinions. As a rule ho was by no means easily duped ; but when he approached tlio subject of " visions" he seemed almost to lose tlio faculty of testing evidence. Hardly nny btory relating to tho borderland between the natural and tlio supernatural, whetlior recorded by ancient or by modern writers, wa3 condemned by him as extravagant ; and in ono of bis essays lie rebuked Englishmen (whom in other respecte lio considered to bo far ahead of Germans and Frenchmen) for their scepticism as to tho mysterious affinities and capacities of tlio human mind. Curiously enough, ho attri buted our backwardness in this department of philosophical inquiry to the malign influence of tlur clorgy of tho National Church, who ho thought denounced animal magnetism and all other " isms " of a Bimilar tendency because they, perceived tho perils to which theao sciences would expose tbeir superstitious reli gious beliefs. Ono of tho fundamental doctrines of Sclio- penhnuer's pliilisophy is tbat tiio world as wo know it has not nn independent existence. Lilco Borkely, he held that it is merely an "appearance." Tho only real existence, lie maintained, is "tho tiling in itself and " tbo tiling in itself," ho iden tified with the will. In ordinary circumstances wo know tho will only ns it manifests itself tinder tlio forms of space, timo nnd casualty ; bntlio contended that there are Btntes of the brain in which wo penetrate behind these forms, and como in contact with tho will as it is in its own nature. At such times wo escape from the system of intellectual illusions which it is tho business of science to investigate ; we aro in tho realm of absolute truth, which con stitutes tlio proper domain of philosophy. Even members of the Society for Psychical Research are not likely to tako up higher ground than this ; and tlioy will certainly not Burpas3 Schopenhauer in tlio confidence with which ho drew conclusions from his ultimate principles. Tho states of tho brain which load to such surprising results occur when wo aro in " a magnetic sleep," and a magnetic sleep" may lie produced when wo aro asloop in tiio ordinary way. It does not follow that if wo fall into a magnetic sleep that wo shall havo magnetic dreams ; and if wo do dream mng- notically, it does not follow that wo shall re member what wo havo dreamt. A mag netic sloop is far deeper than or dinary sleep, and in tho slow process of awaking from it wo may forgot tho spectacle which it lias enabled us to seo. Sometimes, however, tlio impression which tlio vision has prodnced on our fooling remains; aud oil theso occnsions, it tlio vision lias been one of coming disaster (as it commonly is in tlio worst of possiblo worlds, according to the Schopenhauer), wo havo wiiat is called a pro- sentiment of evil, and our presentiment is sura to bo realised sooner or later. At othor times our magnetic dream — that is, our per ception of realities— may ho transformed into a sort of allegory which is capable of different interpretations. Of this kind wero the predictions of tlio Dolphic oracle, which frequently could not bo understood until they wero fulfilled. Sciiopcnhatior was not of opinion, howover, that our mysterious visions in tlieir original form invariably pass from tho memory ; and he gives an examplo of ono which ho liimsolf had an opportunity of study ing. This instance seemed to him all tho moro remarkable because it relates to a matter of littlo importance. One day he was writing a letter in great liastu, and when ho lmd finished the third pago lie intended to strew writing sand over what he had wrritton. In his hurry lio seized tlio inkstand in- ! stead of tbo vessel containing sand, and ' dashed tho content over his lotter. As tho 1 ink poured from his desk ho rang for tho maid to wipo it from tho floor. When she was engaged iu doing so, sho said, " Last night I dreamt that I should be wiping ink-spots from the floor here," " That is not tme, an- swored Schopenhauer. "It is truo," alio replied, " and when I awoko I mentioned it to tho other maid who sleeps with mo." Just then the othor maid happened to enter tlio room in order to call away her follow servant. Schopenhauer, advancing to meet her, at onco asked, " What did this girl dream last night ?" " I don't know." " Yes, you do ; sho told you when sho awoke." " Oil, to bo sure," tho jnaid then said, " sho dreamt that she would be wiping ink spots from tho floor here." Schopenhauer gravely points out i.liat this anecdote is not only sufficient evidence for magnetic dreaming, but that it establishes the truth of tho doctrine that everything happens in accordance with a fixed and necessary order. IIo contended that those states of tho brain which aro essential for supernatural visions may oxist when wo aro not asleep in tho ordinary sense. Among tho straugo experiences which wo may undergo when wo seem to bo wido awako Schopenhauer classes tho visions which men aro some times said to liavo of themselves as they will appear at somo future timo. In illustra tion of this ho refers to the woll known inci dent described by Goethe in tho eleventh book of Wahrheit and Dichtuny , Gootlio had said farewell to Friedcrike," and was riding iu a sorrowful mood towards Druscn- licim, when suddenly ho says lie saw himself — " not with the oyo of the body, but with thoso of tho mind," riding in tho opposite direction on tlio samo road, ill a dross such ns he had never worn, " piko-gray, with a little gold." " When I aroused myself from this dream," Goetlio adds, " tlio figure immediately va nished." Eight years afterwards, ho asserts, he found himself on horseback on this very road, on tlio way to visit Friedoriko again, wearing tho dress ho had seen in Ilia vision, although ho had put it ou accidentally. Holioponhauor, who was not averso from Ideological explanations, after a fashion of his own, argues that this waking dream must iiavo been gran tod to Goothe for tlie purpose of consoling him. The final canseof wakingdreamsmay be, however, Schop- enhauor holds, to prepare u-s for defeat and sor row, as in thocascof the famous vision of Brutus before tho battlo of Philippi. Tho ultimate will behind phenomena may even strivo to warn men who, throngli somo defect of con stitution, aro unablo to apprehend its imita- tions. At such times, although sooing nothing, tlioy may hear mysterious sounds, especially sotiuds of knocking ; and Schopenhauer's in vestigations convinced him that theso sounds aro most frequently heard hi tho interval be tween night and rnoruui Another set of " fncts" to which ho attributed groat import ance aro theso connected with the influence which may be exerted by persons in a walking dream over other porsons, whether near or at a distance. This influence, lie tells us, is often exerted by persons who aro dying. A dying roan who happens to bo in a magnetic state thinks oi ecus frieud ; and instantly a vision of 1dm, as distinct as surrounding objects, rise3 in Ilia friend's consciousness. Schopenhauer cites many authorities for this belief, but also mentions a case known to himself. "A short timo ago," lie says, "at the Jowisli Hospital, hero in Frankfort, a sick woman died during tho night. Early next morning her sister and niceo — ono of whom ivc3 in Frankfort, tlio other about 4 Eng lish miles away — called at' tile hospital to inquire for her. During tho night bIio hod appeared to both of thom. The director of tho hospital who reported this incident declared" that such cases often occur." "Whether tho dead over exercise tho same power Schopenhauer don not undertake to say. Tiio intellect, being a function of tiio brain, is extinguished, ho assumes, by death ; but tho will, of which tlio brain is only a manifestation, survives ; and he sees no reason to doubt tbat it may liftrve the capacity of ap pearing to the living or (without itself appear ing) of communicating somo message from the unseen universe. On this poiut, howover, he admits that the evidence accessible to us is vngno and contradictory. But ho is certain that in waking dreams men havo often soon tho dead as they existed at somo particular moment of their lives. Visions of this kind correspond exactly to a past reality ; and tliey may be cnlled forth by tho pre- scene of n trifling relic, sucli ns n coat or a drop of blocd that has long hgo sunk into tho floor, it is not tiio dead themselves who appear, but the visioii is evoked by an in fluence which thoy havo left behind them, nnd among other proofs Schopenhauer recalls tlio experionco of tho botanist Gleditseh, who Baw Maupertuis in tha hall of tho Berlin Academy of Sciences, of which Maupertuis had been for many years president. The magical qualities of human nature (the word "magical" is used with approval by Schopenhauer himself) are usually supposed evon by enthusiastic believers in them to be revealed only ia rare moments of exaltation. Schopenhauer, however, was persuaded that, without being aware of it, we are continually crossing tho lino between nature and the super natural. Hence he warns persons who havo an important secret that in conversation they ought not to refer to nny subject having the most distant relation to it. Tbo faintest indication . may suffice, ho suggests, to discloso to another mind ovcrytliing that wo are most anxious to conceal. A lady once asked 'mo— " in tho course of very animated talk at the supper table"— what were the three numbors she had chosen for the lottery. To her astonishment ho gave tho first two numbors correctly. Tha third was wrong; bnt that was becauso she had disturbed him by hor ex clamations, awakening him from tho state/in whicli (if wo may accept his account of the matter) ho was able to read her thoughts with the dircctucss and tho certainty of intuition. 