BROALBUIAFS NEW YOltlC LJiTTKHS. Praised be Allah! it is over. For the past two months this city hus been in such tur moil as you only see at election times. All the bad. elements crop out; tramps, thieves and vagabonds of every decree flock hither ward to gather tha harvest which theso peri odic revolutions afford. Free rum, free grub; free lodyiog, and other valuable privileges are the prizes of this troubled time, and the unsavory host that gathers to the feast rep resent the ringed, streaked and speckled of •his, the metropolis of the Union. .Nothing has been more striking in the City than the large numbers of these unkempt and un washed villains wliich have crowded our streets for over a month. The cold weather would naturally have drifted them in upon us early in .November, hut the smoke rising from the holocaust of the election has boen scented afar oli" by these carrion crows and hence the gathering; but with the setting sun of the seventh of .November, the visions of free whisky, free lunch anil free lodging facie like a beautiful dream, and from this time forth they will have to trust to what they can coax from foolish servant girls or bully from timid housowifos whose hus'iauds are away from home. Notwithstanding the tremendous excitement and the enormous stake, the election was exceptionally quiet. A stranger passing through New York or Brooklyn would never have suspected that anything unusual was going on, unless ho happened to go near the polls. The whole number of arrests would scarcely equal our average Sunday drunks, the election law which closes whisky salouns having much to do with the preservation of public peace. A , stalwart Republican wishing to rebuke a Democratic opponent remarked that what few drunken men were seen were all Demo crats," at which the Democrat replied "that the Republicans had no reason to get drunk*; and what was more, in a little while they would not have anything to get drunk with." iho Republican felt that ho was sat down on, and lapsed into silence as he remarked some thing about Republics being ungrateful. Did they have a high old time, the Dcmocrata, eh! High old time only conveys a faint idea' of what a time they did have; men punched each other in the ribs; smashed each other's hats—drank to onr glorious forefathers, the eagle, the Hag and the glorious, triumph of true Jetlersonian principles. Those who had j b^en doing penaiue for the few hours that the saloons were closed made amends for their sufferings by taking an extra drink. jind although it must be two j ears and a half before the happy event can take place,1 the fat places in the Gustom House are all bespoken, and prospective collectors apprais ers and surveyors are as thick as the autumn leaves, and tho uumber of patriots who are willing to servo their country in almost any capacity, to which a good salary is attached would form an army wliich could have crushed the late rebellion like an egg shell. But whether defeated or victorious the Amorican, as he sits down with his newspaper to sum up tho effect of tho conflict, cannot but feel proud that, notwithstanding a ba'tle which has completely revolutionized the pol itics of his Couutry, the alfair has parsed away with less disturbance than would characterize the election or a Dutch burgher or a London alderman. The weather was cool, ane the thermometer not man degrees above ' the freezing-point no doubt went far towards, giving us the most quiet and orderly guber natorial election that New York has seen for a century. Chaos reigns in Wall street; I only hope that the trite old adage may prove true, that when " thieves fall out honest men come by their own." Vanderbilt and Gould are at loggerheads, or, at least, so it is given out on ihe street. Now, if there is anything that an unsophisti cated person should be suspicious of it is Wall street points, especially when volun teered by disinterested parties. Gould and Vanderbilt were at swords' point a year and a half ago, on Western Union and North ivost ern; they were going to kill each other on sight; the continent was not quite big enough, to hold the pair of them; but peace was finally restored on JanuaryO, 1881, and in less than twenty days each of these excellent gentle men hud added several millions to his pilel and the dear public have since been repenting in aack-cloth and ashes that they ever had anything to do with either of them. Conster nation has seized the Western Union gamb lers; the watering of their stock to the extent of thirty-eight millions has been pronounced illegal by the highest court but one, and there is no doubt but the Court of Appeals will sustain the decision. This decision declares " that no incorporated company cau declare a stock dividend if the money representing the stock be not in the treasury, of the corporation. It does not matter if the company has pro perty in houses, or lands, or machinery if tho cash is not in the treasury, the stock dividend cannot be maJe,, but the company can sell all the property above the appraisement of the capilal stock, and then when the money for that extra property is in the treasury they can make the stock dividend." As I said a moment ago, tho transaction of the Westtrn Union involving a matter of thirty- eight millions, is declared illegal and void, and it looks as though somebody might get hurt, tfiongh'a few millions more or less to Gould .op'Vanderbilt would make but' little differ ence." 1 e'jpecV tjja't as usual the butchers will escape, and th& limbs will' Ijg slaught ered. The old Middle Dutch Church, whioh was erected 150 years ago and which was almost the sole remaining landmark of the past in tho vicinity of Wall street, is now a thing of the past. For many years it has been occu pied as the General Post Office, and a more inconvonient, desolate dirty place could scarcely be found on the continent. Till within a few days the old tablet stood above the pulpit, inscribed with the text: "My house is the house of prayer," and during several adminstrations they might have added the rest of the text and not hit far from the truth. When John Lorimer Graham took possession of it nearly forty years ago he fijttecJ ft up at an expense of eighty thousaud dollars in addj'tion fo the §§50,0Q0 ffl}ich ha^ been paid for it by tlje Government; fifty thousand dollars of that stun was snbsoribedby the Chamber of Commerce to induce the Government to make tho location down town. Many interesting associations haug around it. To the close of the last century the service was conductod in the Hollandisli language. During the Revolution, while the British were in possession of New York, they used part of it as a stable for their horses, and the vilest portion of it as a prison for their K'reighed American captives; dreadful tales survive of thp bapbi>pitip3 practised on tho prisoners. After the Revolution it vr»a Vor stored for puproses of worship, but the dreadful association that hnng about it im paired its popularity, and at last the con .'ro gation was glad to part with it tor$350,000. It has been in possession of the Government nearly forty years, and a few weeks ago, by the ot'dpi' of the Treasury Department, it was sold at publio aviation, bringing something over §000,000; this is the price paid for tho ground, the cost of removing tho old building far exceeding the value of the materials. When originally erected it stood just outside the rampart or wall which marked the bound aries of tho original city plot, and from which Wall street derives it name. Nassau street was near tho majn gate and the right on the highway Reading' to JijEaiden's Laiie, -down which'a flowery pathway led to the clock or pond which swept around through the present site of Pearl street, accross Chatham to Cen tre, where the pond widened out on the pres site of ihu Tombs, opposite which was an island, on which the negroes were burnt to death gor the negro riots orrebelion of 1G23. The old Post Office was the fashionable church of our good old Dutch ancestors ]50 years ago and for nearly half a century it monoplized the style fhat centred in that portion of the city. Our great- great-great-great-grandmo thers never disfigured their heads with feathers and beetles and birds and buch non sensical frippery, but depending 011 Nature's garniture went to church in bare heads, a handkerchief or some such slight covering serving all purposes of adornment in summer and a good thick wadded hood lined or trimmed with fur, defying the wintry storm but I am wandering away from the old Dutch church, and no wondor, fur while I stood by and saw wall after wall tumble it seemed ns if-the angry ghosts of the old Kuickebockers who were laid to rest beneath its shady pines one hundred and fifty years ago would start up from among the falling debris and stop the deseciation. When the church was sold they did their best to gather their boues of . these sturdy old burghers and give them de cent sepulture; but the boues of hundreds of thein had returned to their parent dust, and the dust is now commingled with unsightly piles of broken bricks and planter. " Imperious Csesar demand turned to clay Might stop a hole to keep the wind away; Oh, that that earth which kept the world m awe Should patch a wall to expel the winter's flaw." The week has been remarkable for its dram atic and operatic attractions, no Capital of Europe presenting a brighter galaxy than we now have in Now York. A wonderful revo lution has taken pl:ice in dramatic and oper atic matters in the past few years. Twenty five years ago a trip to America was regarded as a sort nf dramatic venture, about the success of which attached considerable doubt. Great artists we had and many of them; but few came with the assured certainly of suc cess. Now wo demand the best the world affords, and wo get it; though we pay a price f"r it that would have driven an old New Yorker crazy, seveu dollars and a half the tegular price for Patti nights for orchestra seats. Five and six hundred dollars for boxes for the season, and other seats accord ing. When you come to pay §2,000 a night to one individual, and a large double com pany ,to provide f.>r, with thoir immense salaries and other onormons expenses, the manager has to charge a large price to have liis books balance at the end of the season. Of course Patti was a success. Evt-n cold blooded Dana is roused to unwonted en thusiasm, and makes as big a donkey of himself as any nf the rest of newspaperdom. Her Lucia di Lamniermoi r is a wonderful pieco of musical execution, but she has the same fault that Christine Nilsson has, a lack of genuine fa-ding, for which she is not responsible, as the Almighty who gavo her her wonderful musical power denied her all feeling except for dollars and Nicolini; he is simply abominable, but we have to swallow him or let the diva go. Lmgtry has passed the ordeal, and has come off with Hying colors. Here and there some scribbling numbskull attemuts to give his erudition an airing, but, like Dogberry, he only succeeds in writing himself down an ass., She is a great success. Then we have Salvini. the greatest living tragedian, and all the critics award him unqualified praise. The other thea'i'es are all doin^ well. The people seem determined to be jolly, even if a Democratic cyclone has struck hereabouts. Business is (looming, and we are now realising that to be happy we must be virtuous. 1 am happy to say that many people are now following my exaniDle. Yours truly, ^BROADBRIM. 