MUSICAL EVENTS. \- Ljcdertafol evenings in connection with both tho Melbourne and Metropolitan sooieties and Mr. Guenott's oonoert have boon tho special musical itomB during tho week. On Mon day ovening at the Town hall Mr. Herz had an immense audience assembled to enjoy the vocal and instrumental music lie has period!- cally to arrange for iu his capacity, as the Metropolitan Liodertafel conductor. That post is no sinecure now, The character of tlio con- cortsjs, undergoing, or, to bo strictly accurate has undergone, > complete alteration from tho modest' entertainments of a few years hack wlion the part singing of the Liodertafel choir was at tho most' supplemented by an incom- plete band; and the engagement of one outside -singer or player.' Tho Metropolitan Licder- tafel concert of -the present; is altogether a \- different affair.' The choir has doubled, pre senting now nearly 100 singers iu its rnnks. Tho orchestra for Town Hall nights is some times almost. as numerically strong, and apart from the incidental accompaniment, it provides and furnishes enjoyable performances of good music. ' Tho flourishing condition of tho Society, with its subscription recently doubled, and its subscribers' list full, enables special solo engagements for tho concerts that are no longer -limited to ono performor. On Monday night there Wero four artists employed, whoso combined fees alone must havo amounted to a tidy sum, tliatplainly indicated the healthy stato of the Liedortafcl financo department. It can be assumed that n'large majority of the audience had never, heard Signora Graziosi and .Signor Casteili, who were introduced on the occasion. And probably, after having had tho opportu nity, a good many regretted that tboy had not paid a visit or two to the opera performances ' that have been recently given in which both of these nrtiBts sang. Siibli regret wonld only he natural, seeing that both Signora Graziosi and Signor Casteili were in good voico, and able to make the best display of tlielr vocal powers. On Monday night Signor Casteili clioso a rather too dismal aria (from Hnliivy's opera, La Juivo) for Liedertafel purposes, but ho gave it an im passioned rendering that must havo impressed tho audience with the fact that, given music adnptcd'to bis style, Signor Casteili is worth listening to. The Liodertafel patrons, after being invited to pass judgment on the respec tive merits of Madame Urso, Signor Ortori and Hcrr Wilhelmj, were introduced to another ns- piranttotheirfavoronMonday evening. Thenew comer, a Mdlle. Ory, from Paris and its con servatoire, was heard in a Beothoven compo sition (Romance in F) and Fantasio Caprice, by Vieuxtemps. - Tho lady violiniste showed at once tho excellent training thathad'enabled her to gain tho Prix du Conservatoire during the term of her study at that institution, and if her intention is to make a permanent resi dence in Melbourno for pnrposos of professional tuition, her presence aud work here will he ado cided acquisition to tho city. Signor Coy,wholias of late been singing better than ever, was also inolufied in Monday- night's boIo list ; and as hs is frequently associated with the choral features in favorite numbers, his being offered some token of recognition somo day from tho Liodcrtafol in fellowship will bo a reasonable result of good sorvice dono. Tho p'Uet rfe rdsietance of the concert on Monday was Wagner's musical translation of the Descent of the Holy Ghost upon tho -Twelve Apostles during tlie Pentecostal Feast. This single specimen of the great composer's work in Bacrcd subjects was produced by tho Metro- .politan Liodertafel two or tlireo years ago, nnd has'nntil now been lnid aside. It is, of course, an interesting coriiposition, but requires very ncourato performance in tho unaccompanied portions which preface to a considerable ox- tent tho more enjoyable concerted arrange ment of voices and orchestra that paints in glowing tono colors the miraculous incidents of the narrative. Tho twelve apostlo3 have in Wagner's mu sical sotting a vocal responsibility that exacts, in unaccompanied unison phrases, precision -in;l accurate intonation for tlie required breadth of effect. This was not altogether accomplished on Monday night, though tho singers Mr- Herz had entrusted with the musio were foe the most part reliable vocalists. More prepara tion would very likely have conduced to better results, and all through tho performance - of tlio work that probability wa3 continually suggested. Mr. Herz has undeniably a very fine body of voleos to work with now, and the choral einging should always ho, in perfected preparation, a praiseworthy feature of the Lie- dcrtnfol concert schomo, oven tUough.tbo com positions esBayodaro far higher than » Bins Danube or Fatinitzo level. On Wednesday ovening a smoko concert was given' by tho members of. tlio hfelbonrns Liedertafel, who dopend generally . for these '.occasions on their own resources. With some good vocalists, who can creditably porfonn ao!o, with Herr Sicde'a always acceptable (late playing, and Mr. Vogt at tho piano, thb society iaablo to arrango attractive programmes. Wednesday's was no exception to the rule, and tho large gathoring of subscribers gave every signs of full appreciation for tho many enjoy- aide numbers gone through. 1 Mr. Gucnctt'a second matinee had' anothor very rcspootablo show of patronage on Wed nesday afternoon at tho Athenmum, and a programmo of musical gems by -Schubert, Mozart, Sobumann, Spobr and Chopin pro vided a feast of tho best stylo of composition for all who could rightly apprcciato tho treat ; and as the character of Mr, Gucnctt'a programme is of courso known to tho subscribers to theso matinees , it may bo assumed that thoro woro very Jew present who could not thoroughly enjoy tho first clnss rendering by Madamo Tasca, Miss Christian and a capable group of instrumentalists, headed by Mr. Weston, who interpreted the chamber conoerted muBic. Tho Philharmonic Society is intonding to in troduce a form of social evening into thoir circle which will include musical and dancing features. The Athcnceum will probably bo en gaged for tbc purpose, and the first experiment of this innovation will be held at an enrly date. By the, noxt mail the well known Kennedy family are to return ito Melbourne for a final Australian;; touri Preliminary announce ments arc already, made for their appearanco at the Town Hnllearly next month, . . 'Prom Lbndon comes the: information of n novel 'attempt' to ''exclude inartistic ;and worthless: musical .compositions ' from tho market. Messrs. Boosey and Go., :the well known publishers, it . is stated, are about to form a committeo of reputed artiste, to whom every proposed publication will bo first sub mitted for inspection and approval or vote. .What 'tbd financial consequences of this, may turn out to the publishers is a query, but thoro can bo no doubt that if conscientiously carried bnt it'wilt materially reduce the annual pub- lication list of, the firm. . i . . ; BATON'. , 