More Ghost Stories. Mr. Heaph7's ghost story, published in our last week's issue, caused considerable interest and discussion on its recent republication in pamphlet form in London. A correspondent writing to a contemporary says:— I was much interested in the story of Mr. Heaphy. It puts me in mind of a circumstance the particulars of which are similarly strange and thoroughly authentic : Nearly a score of years ago, in Australia, I was a constant visitor at the house of a gentleman, one of whose daughters was the promised wife of a naval officer in Her Majesty's service, and then stationed on the South American coast. One afternoon M. was seated with her sister in an upper chamber. Suddenly she half rose and gave a violent scream. 44 What is the matter?" cried C., her sister. 44 1 saw poor George [her lover]—oh, so plainly. He was wringing his hands imploringly, and brushed close to me as he passed across the room 1" Her sister strove to calm her agitation, but M. could not be persuaded that her fears for her lover's welfare were groundless. Going up to his picture on the wall she wrote the time of day and the date on its back. Several months elapsed and no news came to warrant M.'s apprehension. But one morning, as the family were examining letters from the daily post, M. sank back with a bitter cry, and gasped out that her lover had been drowned together with seven seamen, three months before, as he was crossing a harbor bar. Her sister spoke of the coincidence of the apparition in the upper room. Several members of the family hastened up stairs and examined the picture. A comparison was made, and it was found that the date on the picture and the date of the drowning corresponded exactly, making allowance for the longitudinal difference in time. Another correspondent writes : — Mr. Heaphy's : ghost story recalls a story related to me by an eye-witness of the occurrences. Forty years ago a retired barrister purchased a house situated near Hounslow Heath, on the outskirts of London. It dated from the beginning of the last century, but was in good condition. It had lain vacant for many years. For a month after the family's occupation every night there would be heard the piteous wailing of an infant. The grounds and apartments were searched without finding anything. It was finally decided that the cries proceeded from a window in the library. As the constant wailing was a great source of annoyance, the gentleman's wife urged that the panelling be torn down and the wall examined. Her husband at last yielded The panelling was stripped away and the wall opened. In a small recess, next the window, was found the skeleton of an infant, which, according to the opinions of medical men, must have been there for over half a . century. The lady who told me this was present, with many others, at the search, and woe the gentleman's niece. 