OUTWITTING THE BRIGANDS. It was on «uob a moruing m we log-nnr i tured> islanders seldom witness at home, that I stood upon thedeok of the good steamer Coumoutulauros,- watching the nearing shore* ' of the Piraeus, which, m all the world knows, or should kaovr, is the port.of the clasifo city of Athens. The beautiful nnolouded sky; the bright outline of. the sun-bathed . coast; the *ir ,laden with the scent of ,the distant Hymettus; the far eminenoe with the grand old Acropolis standing out white •nd bold in thecle&r; atmosphere; and olose . .ftt Hhand the raoulderipg tomb of Themis b>oles—*11 combined to arouse such poetic fancies in my mind, that I forgot for the momentum prosaic business upon whioh I had oome. The sore&ming; engine of the , bnsyiittle railway whioh carries the travel ler from the Pireua to Athens, soon re inindMaie, -however, that I was accredited ; with a miision from a London Greek firm to their friends in the,Attic- city} and I was soon whirling overthe #acred ground, Where history gives toaretyrood a page! We passed the monuments of those doughty champions of the War of Indepen dence, Karaiskakas and-Mianlis, and many other objects of interest; and after a ride of three or four miles, I found myself at my destination. After the first few days, I certainly had a very pleasant time' of it, the few hours' work each day acting only as a stimulus to my varied Measures; and haying examined the Acropolis, and lunched by tne fallen pillar of Jupiter, mated myself in the ruins of the Pnyx—whence Demosthenes declaimed, and Pericles evoWed his plans—I looked around like Alexander,- for more worlds to conquer. I thereupon consulted my genial but un washed host, Kyrie Antonio Pericles Pap. pademetraqopoulos—who, although Plato was to him a text-book, and the sayings of Socrates as familiar as the story of Tommy and Harry to an English schoolboy, was al ways as dirty as a sweep—upon the pro priety of betaking myself to where The mountains look on Marathon, And Marathon looks on the sea. For one might as well go to Egypt without visiting the Pyramids, or to Rome without enterindSt. Peter's, as to "do" Greece and leave Marathon unexplored. And when my host tried to dissuade me by assuring me that a Greek gentleman's ear had been sent a fortnight before by the brigands to bis obstinate relatives, to hurry the negotia tions for bis ransom, it so roused my blood that I vowed I would go if I returned as close cropped as an English terrier. So away we started-myself and Themistocles the son of my host, a sallow, unshaven youth, dirtier than bis father—mounted upon two high-spirited donkeys, our revolvers well primed, and our commissariat well stocked. " Adois Kyrie /" shouted my long-named host as we.oantered off. "Never fear," I replied, waving my re volver defiantly, and feeling that I should be greatly disappointed if the rascals did not show themselves. On we went, enjoying the scenery and holding a hybrid conversation—he in broken English, and I in sadly mutilated Greek—> until in the exoitement of the ride, and the glorious panorama constantly unfolding it self to our view, I entirely forgot that there were such beings as brigands in existence. _ "Now," said I to Themistocles, after a ride of some hours, during which my appe tite had become, unpleasantly sharpened, " let ns look about fora spot - where we can bivouac in comfort." We soon found a delightful place, shel tered all round, save where, through a small -opening, we obtained a view of a charming landscape. Dismounting, and allowing our animals to refresh themselves on the grass, we soon made havoc of the good things we had brought I was lying upon my back smoking a cigarette after the meal, gazing dreamily at the blue firmament; and being too lazy to rise, had called upon Themis tocles to pass the bottle. "Has the fellow gone to sleep!" thought I, still indisposed to turn my head. " The mistocles 1" But Themistocles heard me not; and when I raised myself upon my elbow, I saw him standing, as if struck dumb and mo tionless with fear, staring upon the opening. Instinctively I leaped up and clutched my revolver; but before I took a step, the cause of Themistocles' fear became apparent; and three shaggy forms behind three blunder busses aimed direct at me, made me fully aware that I was in presence of those scourges of Greece, the brigands 1 But, oh 1 what a metamorphosis! \Yhere were the natty green jackets with silver buttons, the plumed hats, and the tout ensemble of the brigands of my youth, of the operas and the picture-books ? Three ragged, disreputable looking figures, clad in greasy sheep skins and dirty clothes, unkept, unshaven, took the place of those tinselled heroes, and with stern gestures and muttered threats, ordered us to follow them. My first thought was resistance ; but when I showed the slightest signs, the three bell-mouthed muskets were bent towards me, and I felt that the odds "were too many, and determining to wait events, grimly submitted to be led down the mountain by, our unsavory guides. At last, after winding through ravines and hollows, aoroSs glens and over mountain paths innumerable, this most unpleasant journey ended by our guides calling a halt as we gained the summit of an eminence surrounded by trees and tall rooks, forming an extraordinary natural fortress. Beneath our feet, in a deep ravine, with seemingly butoneoutlet, and exceedingly well sheltered by overhanging foliage.was the camp of the brigands; and here welttind tho rest of the shaggy ruffians—with the exception of one who stood sentinel—enjoying their siesta with indolent content. A shrill whistle soon brought the rascals to their feet; and rushing up to meet us, they displayed a dozen of as unfavorable specimens of the human race as could be found. Seizing our asseB by their bridles, they relieved our captors, and led ub down the ravine; end having roughly assisted us to dismount, brought us into the presence of ihe chief of the band, "Bravo, lads ! excellent, excellent 1 he shouted, as his sparkling eyes bent upon us in delight; aud after a cursory examination, ' we were conducted, amid the* excited gesticulations of the brigands and without nndue ceremony, into a dark cavern" within the' ravine. '." Shiver my maintops 1" exclaimed a voice SB I groped my way in; " they might give us searoitm, the vagabonds, and not land us ' in this lubberly creek*, and now they are ahoviug more craft into anchor!" ■ "Haul in, Jack, old chum!" answered another j " we must make the best of a bad jo1>, mate. ' To say that my heart leaped to my mouth at hearing such unexpected words, and find ing myself in the company of my own countrymen, would no more than desoribe the cheering sensation that thrilled through me. "What cheer, mates?" I cried in the darkness. Answering exclamations of as tonishment greeted my words : and in a few minutes our stories were told; and I learned-that, my new-found friends were the Captain and supercargo of a ship then lying in the port of the Piraua, who, seeking a like object, had met with a similar fate to my own. "And now," said Captain Jack Jenkins, " how are we to get ont of this scrape f If I had Tim and Joe and Black Tom, each wjth a outlaw and a barking-iron here, we'd soon make a passage, I'd warrant I" " That's all very well," said Will John son, the supercargo; "butwe haven't. If Id but the opportunity given me, I'd guarantee"—— Whatever the supercargo was about to say was cut short by the advent of two shock heads at the little opening of onr prison, and two harsh voices calling us as my guide Themistocles informed us—to partake of a feastfor we learned afterwards that the chief, in commemoration of having made such a good haul, had decided to allow ns, his prisoners, to partake of the general festivity. But as a preliminary, we had to undergo an examination as to our capability of paying the anticipated ransoms, first; wewere relieved of our watches and rings, the Captain using language rather strong for translation to (these pages, to the great amusement' of his tormentors, who, with similar gesticulations 1o his, endeavored to imitate the sound of the Captain's words, which of course only added to his wrath and their hilarity. " Sou uncombed, dirty-faced vagabonds!" , he shouted, " if I had a few of you aboard the Annie Martin, I'd twist your ugly heads ijiffyr|»he yard-arm in the twinkling of a Of cours* they only laughed the louder at his impotent rage; and I thought it quite aa well that they did not understand the language in which he gave it vent, i The operation of. stripping us of our valu ables gave me an opportunity to observe the appearance of my companions. Captain Jenkins was the beau-ideal of an English seaman. In age about thirty-five, of a large and robaifc bsild, a face broad, manly, and bearded, and limbs such as would deligh at sculptor to copy. His height was nearly six feet; and he had an air of command I about bim which was doubtless bred of his occupation. The supercargo, Will Johnson, was perhaps ten years younger ; nearly as tall as his friend, strong and active; and take ub altogether—for I am of no mean stature myself—we were three men who, under any circumstances, would be no die grace to our oountjy; and if any oppor tunity should arise for an attempt at an escape, I felt certain that we should give as good an account of ourselves as any scratch three, here or there. Having satisfied themselves of the value of my late father's watch, which I parted from with some emotion, and of the intrinsic worth of the Captain's gold chronometer, as well aa the supercargo's watch and diamond ring, we were interrogated, through Themis tocles, as -to our means. For myself, the name of the firm I was travelling for acted with a talismanic effect upon them, and I was immediately assessed—notwithstanding my protestations—at three hundred pounds. At this price, too, the Captain's freedom was valued ; while the unfortunate supercargo— whose business they persisted in confounding with that of owner of the cargo and ship— was unanimously voted to .be worth twioe our ransom. Having arranged this matter to their own satisfaction, if not to ours, we were told to sit down and enjoy ourselves with what appetite we could muster. The smell of the roast lamb and the freshly baked meal-cakes, however, soon aroused pleas&nter; sensations, and dimmed for a time the memory of our griefs ; more especially as, under the apparent certainty of obtaining his booty, the chief condescended to be quite patronising towards us, carving the joints himself for us, and delicately handing, on the point of a dagger, our several por tions. After we had satisfied our hunger with the more solid viands, we were regaled with dried fruits as dessert, and a large jar of a peculiar sherry-coloured but bad-tasting wine of a resinous flavor—which Themis tocles described as the common wine of the country—was brought in and set down in the midst of us. This we told them we could not drink, and the chief very gener ously ordered us a couple of bottles from his own particular Btore, doubtless the proceeds of a raid upon some well-to-do householder. Will Johnson after a time managed to in graiate himself in favor of our shaggy host and his friends by his genial happy manner and frank bearing, favoring the company with many remarks, which, translated by Themistocles, evidently pleased them. When, too, by sleight-of-hand—in which he was an adept—he performed some simple tricks, and gave them a music-hall song with a rollicking chorus, and wound up with a hornpipe accompanied by the Captain with a pocket-comb and a piece of paper, the general enthusiasm knew no bounds, and the beetle-browed vagabonds laughed till the tears rolled down their cheeks. Will now became on such excellent terms with them all, that he proceeded to take some freedom with them; and when be snatched the horn from the cap- bearer, and installed himself in that official's place, ladling the wine out of the wide-mouthed jar ana handing it round to the company, his triumph was complete. " For heaven's sake!" he said aa he passed us, "don'ttake any of this stuff, and don't drink much of your own." " Never fear," said Jenkins, making a wry face; "one taste is sufficient." And so Will went round with the cup, making a comical remark to this one, and a [ grimace at that, .until the chief—evidently fearing from their hilarity that they were I taking too much—ordered them to desist from drinking, and return to their several I duties. Meanwhile, we were sent back into our I dungeon, with a sentinel stationed at the opening, ' "Not a word," whispered Will, as we settled down in our prison. " Here's some thing, Captain," he continued, "that be longs to you." " Why," said the Captain in reply, as Will handed him the article mentioned, "this is a stopper out of my medicine chest." " To be sure it is, Jack," returned Will, " and I must apologise for the liberty of taking your laudanum phial; but my con founded back-tooth was so painful on board the ship last night, that I got up and took it, and luckily forgot to return it this morn ing. You must debit me with the bottle and its contents, for I dropped them both into the vagabonds' wine-jar !" " What ?" we all exclaimed in a breath. " Now, stop your clappers !" continued the supercargo.—" Jack, you know I'm not bad at sleight-of-hand tricks. Well, in the first place, having contrived to secrete the bottle while the blackguards were relieving me of my valuables, ana thenliaving attained the position of waiter, what was easier than to wriggle the bottle down my sleeve, whip out the stopper, and drop the lot into their swipes ; giving the bottle a crack and stirring the laudanum up, every time I dipped the horn into it I" " Bravo, Will !" cried the Captain, seizins his hand and giving it a hearty shake. " II that's the caBe, were Bafe; for the .black faced rasoals, won't wake up for a dozer hour?, I'll be bound. There i our guard has dropped off already I" And sure enough, the drowsy ruffian bad planted himself right acroBS the opening and was snoring loudly. " Now for it 1" oried the impetuous Jack Jenkins, rising. "Hold hara 1" Bftid Will. " Let them get well off." So, settling ourselves down for half-an hour, we talked the matter over. At the end of this time, we sent the trembling Themistocles to see how things were outside; and after peeping over the prostrate sentinel, he gave ub to understand that all were sleep ing except three, and they were retiring to the farther end of the ravine, and would in a minute be out of sight. " Capital ]" said Will,. with suppressed excitement. " Now, each take a pistol and a cutlass from the fellows, and follow me." One after the other we Btepped across the sleeping brigand at the entrance, Will re lieving him of his pistol, dirk, and blunder bus; while the Captain and I stood by ready to give him his quietus at the slightest sign of nis waking. Then.the Jour of us, gliding like ghosts, assisted ourselves to whatever weapons we oould most easily lay hands upon ; and as Themistocles was not of much use for fighting, we gave him our bag con taining our valuables—which we found by the side of the sleeping chief—as well as several spare pistols, to carry. Picking our way without speaking a word, we. advanced towards the open end of the ravine, and just as we turned round a jutting piece of rock, we saw the three sentinels, seemingly in earnest conversation^ "Haiti" whispered Will. "Now for a rush !" and . each singling out his man and clutching his rifle by the barrel—for we avoided the noise of shooting—we sprang forward. Almost simultaneously, and be fore the enemy had time to observe' us,, we were upon them, and three rifle-stocks de scended upon three shock hends with such force, that two of the fellows dropped like stones. The stock of my rifle glanced off the head of my antagonist and crashed against the rock. With a stifled cry, he turned; but in an instant my hand was upon his throat, and the sound died in his gullet; whil* with the strength of despera MISS EMELIE MELVILLE. tion, I dashed hit h«ad against the wall-like rock; and after a struggle—in which he wounded me with his dagger—he foil from my grasp, apparently lifeless. " Now," aaid the Captain, " where are the donkeys ?—Come, Greeky !" he cried to Themistocles; " bear a handand looking around, we eapied our four animals just as we left them, but with a brigand sitting by them. Here was an unlooked-for rencontre I He was fully a hundred yards off, and to get at him, we should have to cross a small plateau. " Leave him to me !'' cried Jenkins, pre paring to rush forward. But under the advice of the supercargo, he stopped. We could have picked him off easily, but dared not for the noise of the rifles. "Hang it!" impatiently muttered Jen kins, " we shall be trapped again, after all and without further parley, the impetuous fellow started off, running on the tips of his toes, with a drawn cutlass in one hand and a pistol in the other. Just as he was within a few yards of the brigand, the latter tnrned round, and seeing how matters stood, made for his rifle, which was leaning against a tree a few feet off; but a revolver hurled deftly by Will Johnson - for we had all fol lowed—catching him directly in the face, so effectually stopped his progress, that he fell stunned to the ground. | " You persist in doing all the work," said Jenkins, as we came up to him. " But | quick, lads; off we go 1" and in a moment we were on our asses, and under the guid ance of our Greek companion, were making with break-neck speed for Athens. Up hill, down dale, on we went for two hours without stopping or meeting a human being; then, just as we were about to cross the summit of a mountain at which we had arrived, a harmlefiB- looking peasant wished us " good-day,"and was about to pass on. "Seizehim!" cried Themistocles; "he's a scout." So seize him we did, for caution's sake ; and as there were no trees near, we tied Ibis hands and legs together, and left him ' begging for mercy. But there was no mercy in us, more especially as Themistoclcs ex plained that there was such a curious and . : mysterious connection between the brigands [ and villagers, that it was by no .means un I likely—had we allowed him to go free—be would have hied to the nearest village.and roused a swarm of Qemi-brigands about ub. Having travelled for four hours, and as our asseB could scarcely get along for fatigue, we called a halt: and after resting ourselves and watering our animals, we continued our journey until, late at night, we reached Athens, where, round the hospitable board of our host, we soon forgot our troubles. Chambers' Journal. 