OUR NEW SOUTH WALES LETTER [From our own Correspondent.] Sydney, July 25, 1883. There has been much clattering of knives and forks, clinking of glasses, and chattering of tongues in the South Coast farming dis-<*> trict, where Ministers have been doing a round of banquets. It was expected that during the course of these festivities the Premier would enlighten the public aa to the precise intentions of the Government respect ing measures to be submitted to Parliament, but like a shrewd business man he preferred to set up a considerable reserve account, con sequently his auditors were treated to an in* ordinate quantity of words signifying nothing and to remarkably few to which any import* ance could be attached. Certainly he did refer to the proposed land legislation, but in a manner which was quite unnecessary. First of all he gave an assurance that the Govern* ment really intended to deal with that par* ticular question, but why he did so is beyond comprehension, seeing that his party were returned specially to make an effort to dispose of Hie difficnlt problem, and tbat his own senses must tell him that the faintest indica tion of a desire to shirk the self-sought re sponsibility would mean iti?t?m? relegation to vie cold shades of opposition. All that the Premier vouchsafed to say respecting the Land Bill, the principles of which it is understood have been decided on, and are now being put into legal phraseology—was that "He had little doubt himself that it would be seen to be conceived in so just a spirit, to have in view such objects of public advantage, to be the result of such careful Btudy and such ex perience gained by an ample knowledge of the disastrous policy which it was intended to supplement, that it would be accepted and passed into law without unreasonable delay. . . . . He believed it would be found to be a measure from which conscientious and patriotic and disinterested men would not differ, except in matters of detail, which differences were perfectly ljyi?mntg and beneficial." Of course it wouldbe quite un reasonable to awnme that any BUI would not be perfection itself when prepared by such exceptionally talented men as are included in the Government—men whose conscientious* ness patriotism, and disinterestedness are folly demonstrated by the fact that, in tbe case of some they have not scrupled to accept office under all the political leaders who have been in power in the country, and that when they have not been in office they have in* variably been in opposition; and, in the case of others, by the fact that they have at diffei- ent times been supporters of different leaders. But perversity is a peculiar failing amongst politicians if it be not common to humanity, and bo the large number of perverse members who live in hopes of some day be coming fully fledged Ministers of file Crown, will doubtless be on the tiptoe of expectation when they hear of Mr. Stuart's statement that the Government will not proceed with any other measure until the Land Bill has beendisposed Of. ThpHffiiiint.gr support erwho anticipates thatthe Government will succeed in passing a Land Bill in any form must be an exceedingly sanguine man. In one of his orations Mr. Dalley, the Attorney-General, said that the Government were in such a "happy frame of mind that the future had little terrors for them ; they were ready to live usefully or die gracefully and resignedly." Subsequent speeches make it appear that the Government expect to be allowed to live, and that in that case they intend to be osefnL The Minister for Works is credited with the statement that the Go vernment were prepared to bring forward a very extensive railway policy—** larger and more comprehensive than any before sub mitted to Parliament. They intended to give railway communication to all parts of the country." Mr. Wright ought to know that broad and comprehensive schemes do not always gain for the initiators what they desire — everlasting fame, as instance the ignominious defeat of the OTioghlen Go vernment in Victoria shortly after they propounded a railway policy which was to lake the iron horse to nearly every village in the colony. The Postmaster-General fol lowed with the satisfactory statement that he " intended to do all be could to cheapen tele grams, reducing the rate for messages, so that it would be almost unnecessary, except for cer tain purposes, to write at aIL" How the cheapening of the rate of telegrams will do away with the necessity for writing is a puzzle which will take a wiser man than Mr.- Ttickett—great lawyer as he is—to unravel. Of course this could be done if every man's house was connected with every other man's house by telephone, but it is hardly likely that Mr. Trickett will be able to demonstrate that this is practicable, or rather, wrpafltimt, Mr. Trickett farther stated that be was negotiating for a contract with the Orient Company," which would give us the quickest mail transit between these colonies and Eng land. The arrangements would probably be perfected in a few days." Not a word was said about the San Francisco service, notwith standing that during last session Parliament resolved that it should be continued on certain conditions. But then a Government in the happy frame of mind described by the Attorney-General, can afford to ignore the exprened wishes of Parliament. About the most sensible thing which Mr. Stuart did in connection with hia triumphal tour through the dairy farming districts was to take Mr. Dally with him, for the reason that Mr. Dalley is an exceptionally lively speaker while Mr. Stuart is noted for dnlness. There is not a spark of humor in Mr. Stuart's / nature, he is as prosy as it is possible for a Scotchman to be, and his halfortg, hesitating etjle makes it painful to have to listen to him for any length of time ; he always seems to be laboring "tiH*>i? the impression that the word which he has just nsed is not the most appro priate for the expression of the idea he wished to convey. Hence he is in the habit of breaking off in the middle of a sentence and commencing it afresh. This is not the result-of nervousness bat of a desire to be scrupulously accurate, Mr. Dalley*e style is magniloquent and humorous; you might as well expect him to fly as to make a speech without indulging in highflown poetical imagery, classical illustration, and quaint humor. He is an extensively read man and his reading extends to every branch of litera ture. Added to a wonderful amount of energy he has an astonishing memory. He writes all his speeches, and when occasion demands the strain on his retentive faculty he can deliver almost word for word a speech which, he has not read through more than once. As an extempore speaker he is an utter frfOare— a singular fact when related of an Irishman. Probably the champagne and the lively speeches of Mr. Dalley quite satisfied the southern farmers that they had {got value for their money, even although their preface flattery did not open Mr. Stuart's heart and induce him to Jmake public many important facts which are ministerial secrets. The wags suggest that there is a deal of wickedness among the Wollon gong people, otherwise after praising the Stuart Government in the most gash ing manner they would not have taken tbe party to the local cemetery, a lively place where the bones ef ex-civilised beings axe to be seen scattered promiscuously in the sand, just as the bones of aborigines are to be seen on the sandhills at the Murray mouth. The object of the local people was to ask the Government to put the cemetery in proper repair. On any other occasion Mr. Stuart would probably have told them that their cemetery was a disgrace to them, and that if they cared so little for the remains of their dead friends and relatives as to begrudge the expenditure necessary to turf the place, and thus prevent the wind from exposing the last earthly tenement of-departed fellow-beings, the Go vernmentwouldnotbe justified in spend ing public money for the purpose. It would ba interesting to know what were the reflections of Mr, Stuart and his colleagues when brought face to face with those stern, silent evidences of death. It might be safely as sumed that thoughts of votes of want of confidence and second readings of Land Bills prevailed. An extraordinary rumor is afloat in politi cal circles. It is said that there is a prospect of Sir John Robertson joining the Govern ment. Suchanact on the part of the veteran knight would involve the complete overthrow on his part of his cherished Land Act of 1861, and those who know how persistently he has maintained that the principles of that law are right will brand die rumor as being ? silly canard. Presuming that despite his be lief in the law with which his name wOl ever be associated he were to turn round and say that as he was convinced the popular feeling was antagonistic to it, he was prepared to give his valuable assistance towards framing a law which 'would meet with general accep tance, it is hardly likely that he would share the credit with the party who put him out of office on the last occasion. If he were witling to go in for thorough reform of the land laws there can be no doubt that he would be able to form a strong Government and muster a numerous party; and assuredly this is the course which he would adopt. The most prominent topic of discussion during the month has been the trial of the Rev. Mr. Osborne, of the York-street Wes loyan Church, for alleged heresy. It will be remembered that some lay members of the church took the initiative in the matter, but owing to some informality their charge waff not investigated. Some of the ministers then moved for the trial, with the result, generally acknowledged, that they have mr.de a sad exhibition of themselves, and will probably prate very little about "brotherly love" ia ike future. The charges were that Mr. Otbortw ?v not true to the standards q! checuoreH >a. bis idfss on doctrinal belief aad ?**yer. that te bad unduly exited RomanO*tho licitno, atd that feu icinuterul conduct generally was objectionable. The prineiptl accuser appeared to be tbe Rev. 6. Horse, who taid that he thought Mr. Osborne partko larly unsound respecting tbe essential divinity of Christ. Mr. Osborne met this charge by reading tbe sermon to which Mr. Hurst re ferred, and by stating that it was q/iite pctsihle that Mr. Hurst had not clearly laid bold of the points of the sermon. He said that it had been confidentially reported to bim by two most trustworthy members of the congregation that on the occasion when the sermon was delivered Mr. Hurst was not only fast asleep, but snoring. A shocking example truly! As to the alleged objectionableness in Mr. Osborne's ministerial condust, two of the chief officers of tbe church testified that since Mr. Osborne had been in charge of the church pews and sittings had been in demand, the finances of the church were prosperous, and Mr. Osborne was held in universal ">teem and confidence by the congregation, file resolutions arrived at by the district meet ing are so unique in their character that they are worthy of being quoted at length:— *'L That after bearing Mr. Osborne's frank declaration of his belief in the Deity of the Lord Jesus Christ, in His atonement for sin by His death, in tbe Deity of the Holy Ghost, in the plenary inspiration of the Holy Scrip tures, and in the efficacy of prayer, having beard also his declaration of sincere attach ment to Metbodwt.doctrine generally as em* bodied in our acknowledged standards, we cordially accept his statements as fall and satisfactory. At the same time we regret that his method of presenting these truths is at times co inexact as to produce the impression en the minds of some that he is erroneous in doctrine, 2. In reference to the sermon de livered in tbe Yorke-street Church on Sunday evening, April 22,1553, on Roman Catholicism, we are convinced that Mr. Osbome is sound in the doctrines of Protestantism as held by the Methodist Church. Yet from the evi dence we are satisfied that in the former part of his discourse he was so unguarded in bis statements as to appear to advance doctrines not in harmony with our standards. 3. That tbe president communicate the fore* goirg resolutions to Mr. Osborne." This reads very much like a verdict of "not entity, with a caution to the prisoner not to do it again." Mr. Osborne is unquestionably a talented young man, and his popularity is such tint tire officers of the church might advertise with tost reason, "come early to avoid the crush." The real " head and front" of his offending seems to be that be discards tbe examples of older ministers in his style of speech and in his actions. He speaks to the point, and deports himnelf like a sensible platform orator. "Vigorous cushion or Bible-thumping, rolling of the eyes, am regarded by Mr. Oabome asactions which tec d to mar rather than to heighten the effect of ministerial utterance?. 