GENERAL NEWS. The Premier has received an intimation that Mr. Malcolm Prater, the Colonial Secretary of Western Austraifa, hopes to arrive in Melbourne in time to .Join the Vic torian delegates, and proceed to Sydney by tae sow use., w rane pare in the Federal Convention. The New Zealand, South Australian, and Tasmanian representatives are also expected to join the Victorian party. Mr. Thurston, who will represent Fiji at the conference, will proceed direct to Sydney. . Sunday last being the Sunday next suc ceeding the centennial anniversary of the birth of Martin Luther; most: of the preachers in the Protestant churches in and r around Melbourne alluded" more or less at length to the life . and works rof that great reformer. Lt is now 400 years exactly since Luther was born, and the fruits of his labour, extant to-day show what avaluable worker he was in the cause of humanity. Conforming to the practice of the Father land, special services 'were held in the Lutheran churches, Eastern Hill and Sand- ridge. In the evening Pastor Herlitz, of the former church," 'delivered the last of a series of lectures on Luther, which he had arranged to close with the festival. A meeting of the Executive Council was held on Tuesday afternoon, at which Major Sargood was sworn in as Minister of Defences, and Mr. Deakin, Solicitor-General. Mr. Deakin will continue to act as Minister of Public Works and Minister of Water Supply until the Railways Management Board enter upon their duties, when Mr. Gillies will be prepared to relieve him of these offices. The question of appointing a ' second representative of the Government in the Legislative Council is still undo con sideration. i- Thirty-nine of the mining surveyors, who were requested by the Minister of Mines te report on- the applications sent in by com panies in their respective districts to paFti eipate in - the prospecting vote, have supplied information, and Mr. Levien expects to be in a position to enter upon the question of distributing the vote alxrat the end of the present month. The Board of Directors of the Commercial Bank sat on Monday, and received and adopted the report of the board appointed to consider hqw the £1,000 offered for the conviction of the thief who stole the bullion from the bank should be apportioned. The report was as fellows " We, the within- named board, having investigated the claims of the within-named parties of the first part, do" hereby decide that the within-mentioned sum of £1,000 shall be distributed as fol- le<rs : To Sub-Inspector Joseph Brown, £100 ; Patrick Mackey, £60; Sergeant Thomas Nixon, £50 ; Michael Edward Ward, _ £50 ; Sergeant Considine, £30 ; Sergeant Potter, £30 ; Constable Kett, £10; Constable O'Shannassy, £10 ; Constable Wilson, £10; Alfred A. Corbett, £200; Maud Florence Corbett, £100 ; Emily Go bett, £50; Henry "Thorn, £225; Edward Davis, £25. We are requested to mention that those concerned ean receive their re spective awards on application at the bank. The Salvation Army are making an attempt to establish a footing in Williams town, and have rented for twelve months a large building, known as the Alexandra- hall, as a barracks. On Sunday the mem bers of the army, numbering about twenty, paraded the streets of the town, singing hymns, and they held four services in the Alexandra-hall, all of which were largely attended. The Williamstown contingent of the army is under the command of Cap tain Jenny White, a new arrival from New Zealand, and this is the first instance in which a woman has been placed in charge of one of their stations. The nominations for the North-Eastern Province election for the Legislative Council were made on Monday at Wangaratfca. Messrs. L. L. Smith, G. H. F. Webb, and Frederick Brown, are the candidates. Shortly, after 12 o'clock on Monday, when the Spencer street Railway station was thronged with people eager to get to the racecourse, great excitement was occasioned by a report that an accident had occurred to one of the racecourse trains. The fact that an accident had happened was soon proved by the appearance of three injured men who had been in the train. The accident was occasioned by the axle of a second class caniage in the middle of the train breaking, but the train was promptly brought to a standstill, and serious consequences were avoided. Senior- constable Kelly, of Koroit, and Sergeant Hamilton, of Belfast, were passengers in the carriage next to that which became disabled, and they state that the confusion caused by the bumping and jerking of the train was of .a nature which led all in the carriage to the belief that a collision had occurred. When the train was brought to a standstill, Senior-constable Kelly, fol lowed by Sergeant Hamilton, got through the carriage window, and assisted in re moving the injured men. At that time it was thought that the three men, who were subsequently taken to the hospital, had been seriously hurt, but at a late hour the hospital authorities reported that the men tfere progressing favourably, and would be discharged from the hospital next morning. The Premier has received a communication from the Rev. F. G. Pkton, on behalf of the New Hebrides-Misfiiom-Jntiie nanie of the N e w Hebrides missionaries and natives, and being deputed, as senior- missionary, to re present jbpth 'in Australia at present, Mr. Paton, protests against France being allowed, m accordanoe with her new convict law, to transport criminals and convicts to the South Sea Islands. . Numerous reasons are given by Mr. Baton for his request, and lie concludes his letter .with the prayer that " God may guide the conference with unani mity to plead for, British annexation, and lead Britain to grant it, and praying that in all their consultations and conclusions He may guide them for His glory, the: general good of Australia, of the islands, and of all : concerned." » . - A. passenger jby the Messageries Mari- tiM steamir 'Melbourne, which left for Marseilles several weeks ago, with Joe Smith, the Irish informer, on board, j has sent the South Australian Register, ; from Suez, some particulars of Smith and his behaviour on the vessel: — "He ; kept himself very orderly until we -arrived at Mauritius, where he went ashore : and partook of white , rum and beer, coming off to the steamer very drunk. Whilst afehore at Mauritius I Was told by an Irish soldier that there were numbers of men there ;who would think nothing of shooting Smith, not because he was an informer, but for the reason of his complicity in the Cavendish and Burke murders. He (the soldier) said that if he was on the vessel he would throw Smith -overboard. A short time after leaving Mau ritius Smith took a few onions that belonged to another man. They were immediately «natehed away from him by a waiter, where upon Smith transformed himself into a war- engine. ;To his surprise, however, he was quickly surrounded by a number of French men, who put a stop to the disturbance very summarily. Smith appealed to the captain, but got no satisfaction ; bat he (the captain) gave instructions- that Smith was to be put in irons the next time he created the least disturbance. The day before arriving at Suez, Smith told me that he was going by tages from Suez to Marseilles, thence to London, and thence to Sydney again. He s provided with a letter to the Governor here, who is asked to find some employment for him. Smith went ashore at Suez drank, with a bottle of whiskey -in one pocket and a Revolver in the other. When the police name on board, Smith interviewed than with the revolver in hand, but he was prevented from pointing it. He will probably have a" lively time of it at Suez, as I am told that the Greeks here will kill a man for 4s. Just as the steamer is leaving, and whilst I I am doing up this letter, Smith is trying to get on board, but the captain will not have nim agjMTi- The opening of a branch railway line from Traralgon to Heyfield was celebrated by a banquet, given by the residents at the latter place on Tuesday afternoon, to Mr. Gillies, the Minister of Railways, who, accompanied by Mr. Tucker, the Minister of Lands, and several members of Parlia ment, left town by special train shortly before 9 o'clock in the morning. The length of the line between Heyfield and Traralgon is 231 miles, the distance of the former place from Melbourne being 120£ -miles. The line branches off at a short distance below the Traralgon station: In honour of the celebration, a general holiday was observed at Heyfield, which is a thinly populated township, situated on the River Thomson. During the course of his remarks at the banquet, Mr. Gillies pleased the residents greatly when he stated that it . was not intended that Heyfield should be the terminus, and expressed a hope that tne sooner the extension took place the better. The company returned to town at about five minutes past 10 p.m. The Hon. L. L. Smith, president of the Victorian Commission for the AmsterdamEx- hibition has received by the mail a letter from Mr. G. C. Levey, the executive com missioner, dated 5th October. Mr. Levey states that Victoria has obtained 234 marks of distinction, of which seven are diplomas of honour, fifty -three are gold, eighty -nine silver, sixty-two bronze medals, and twenty- three honourable mention. This is a larger number than Jias been obtained by either the United Kingdom or British India, and iis very much in excess of that of New South Wales. The Victorian Court was visited upon the 22nd September by their Royal Highnesses the Duke and Duchess of Albany, who were accompanied by the King and Queen of the Netherlands. His Royal Highness was much pleased with the Vic torian Court, and purchased an opossum rug, as a memento of his visit, from amongst the exhibits of Mrs. Cohn. During the last few days the Hon. James, MacBain, presi dent of the commission, the Hon. W. Wil son, and Mr. R. W. Knox, have' visited the court. Upon the '3rd inst. Mr. M'Bain en tertained at dinner the principal Dutch and foreign commissioners, the burgomaster of ' Amsterdam, and a number of gentlemen from Victoria. The exhibition was to be kept open until 31st October. The ketch Nith, with a cargo of hardware recovered from the wreck of the George Roper, reached the Bays on Tuesday. Her cargo consisted 30 boiler- plates, 25 girder-plates, 12 iron pipes, 1 wheel, 16 sheets iron, 1 case glass, 1 anchor, I 1 ship's davit, 7 large cases horse- nails, 42 coils wire rope, 74 drums nails, 4 casks of nails. The Geelong syndicate have met with exceptionally good fortune in their labours, and should the weather con tinue fine, nearly all the submerged cargo can be recovered. An important sale of landed estates was held on Tuesday by Messrs. C. J. and T. Ham, in conjunction with Messrs. R. Gibson and Co. In pursuance of a decree of the Supreme Court, in its equitable jurisdiction, the Laverton Estate, consisting of 2,663a. 2r. 27p-, situated at a short i distance beyond Williamstown, on the shore ; of the" Bay, was offered. The land is divided into paddocks, and the buildings thereon consist of a stone cottage, containing seven rooms, with kitchen, servants'-room, pantry, spare room, detached dairy, store, and butcher's shop, with other usual out buildings ; also, woolshed and shearers' hut. From 300 to 400 acres are laid down in lucerne. The bidding commenced at £5 . per acre, and quickly advanced to £7 10s., when a slight lull occurred, after which it ; advanced rapidly to £12 per acre, and ultimately was knocked down at £13 per \ acre, the sale realising £34,627 13s. lid. It appears from a communication, which has reached the Premier by the mail, that some of the working classes in England are interesting themselves in the question of annexation of the Pacific Islands. Mr. J. H. Robson, a gentleman who took part in a i meeting, .field at Landport, near Portsmouth, recently, writes to Mr. Service, informing. ! him that the following resolution was j adopted at the meeting : — " That this meet-. i ing of the Borough of Portsmouth Wording : Men's Conservative Club hereby expresses its distrust and alarm at, the policy of Her Majesty's Government in relation to colonial affairs, and especially on the New Guinea matter, and urges upon the Secretary of State for the' Colonies, the necessity of doing each acts as will tend to strengthen the ties of the. colonies to the mother country, instead of inducing an alienating | course, as at the present time. " In his letter to -Mr. Service, Mr. Robson states that a large section of the moderate intelligent liberals in England are in favour of granting the wishes of the Australian colonies in connection with the question of annexation. At a -meeting of the committee of the Working Men's- Club Association, held at the Exchange on Tuesday, a resolution was moved by Mr. Justice Higmbotham, the president, and carried unanimously, to the effect that, in view of the departure from the colony of the Rev. Charles Strong, starter and active promoter of the associa tion, the thanks of the committee be con veyed by the hon. secretary, with the best Wishes of the committee tor liis luiure welfare. | The improvements which are being ear ned but at the South Yarra railway station, in order to bring in the Gippsland traffic at the back of the station, and relieve the other lines, are fast approaching com pletion. At present the Gippsland trains have to cross over the home road of the Brighton line, and in consequence of the heavy traffic there, they cannot stop at the "South Yarra station. When the improve ments have been completed, a distinct line will be set apart for the Gippsland traffic, and all trains will be able to stop there. The Minister of Railways has considered the various reports received in reference to the accident which occurred to one of the race trains on Monday morning last. As the breaking of the axle was a Dure acci- dent, he does not see any necessity for ap pointing a board of inquiry. He also finds that there had been no neglect on the part of the department, and that the carriage had been properly overhauled in the Wil liamstown workshops within the prescribed time set down by the rules. It is specified that each carriage must be overhauled at least once in every two years. The car-, rriage which broke down was repaired in October last. It is probable that any claims made for compensation will be resisted. The Minister of Railways has receivedL an invitation from the Shire Council of Mansfield to proceed to that place officially, after he has attended the opening ceremony of the Tallarook to Yea fine, which will take place on tne "utn inst. Mr. (billies will accept the invitation, and proceed to Mansfield on the 21st inst. His visit will be in connection with railway matters. According to a supplementary Gazette, published Wednesday, the President of the j Legislative Council has given notice that he intends, on Saturday, the 17th inst., to issue a writ for the election of a member to serve in the Legislative Council of Vic toria, for the South Yarra Province. The vacancy is caused by the acceptance of office by Major Sargood. It is not anticipated that any opposition will be offered to his re election. The Chief Secretary, Mr. Bray, and the Attorney-General, Mr. Downer, will be the South Australian representatives at the Federal Convention, which is to be opened in Sydney on Wednesday, the 28 th inst. The Queensland Government have not yet inti mated the names of their representatives. During the absence in Sydney of Mr, Service, Mr. Berry, and Mr. Kerferd, the three representatives of this colony at the Federal Convention, their departments will be administered by Mr. Gillies, Mr. Lang- ridge, Mr. Deakin, and Mr. Sargood. Mr. Gillies, in addition to attending to bis present duties, .will act as Premier, Trea surer, and Chief Secretary, Mr. Langridge will attend to the office of Postmaster- General, Mr. Deakin will be acting Attorney-General, and Mr. Sargood will administer the Educatiofi Department. The Victorian delegates will leave Spencer street by the ordinary express train on the afternoon of Monday, the 26th inst., and Major Atkinson and Mr. Whitaker, of New Zealand, and Mr. Giblin and Mr. N. J. Brown, of Tasmania, the representatives of these colonies at the conference, are expected to arrive in Melbourne in time to join them. The mail steamer, by which Mr. Bray and Mr. Downer, the South Australian delegates, and Mr. Malcolm Fraser, of Western Aus tralia, will come on to Melbourne, is not due until Wednesday, the 2Sth- inst., but it is hoped that she will arrive . in time to enable these gentlemen to proceed to Sydney with the Victorian, New Zealand, and Tasmanian party. Mr. Thurston, the re presentative of Fiji, will go direct to Sydney- Mr. Service has not been informed who will represent New South Wales at the confer ence, and there is some doubt about Queens land, but probably the present Premier, Mr. S. W. Griffith, and the ex-Premier, Sir Thomas M'llwraith, will, be the delegates from the latter colony. Regret is expressed that Sir Thomas M'Hwraith, who was the first to move in the annexation question, did not remain in office long enough to be the chief representative of Queensland at the conference, but Mr. Service has received the assurance of his successor, Mr. Griffith, that he will enter heartily into the movement. A great convenience will shortly be afforded railway passengers who travel by trains leaving the Prince's Bridge station. A bridge is being constructed over the lines at Flinders street, below the station, and near Russell street, and by this means passengers will be enabled to approach the station at either end. As it is now; those ; who desire to enter the station from the ! eastern end of the City have to proceed as i far as Swans ton street, which is very in convenient. The bridge and its approaches will, it is expected, be completed within a few days. A farther convenience will be | provided there in the shape of a ticket box. Theball given in the Town-hall, Thursday, by Sir W. J. Clarke, Bart., was a great success, the company being a large and i brilliant one. The preparation of the hall, ! and arrangement of decorations, etc. , was : entrusted to Messrs. Robertson and Moffatt, who. also supplied the furniture, and it is almost needless to say that they gave entire ' satisfaction. I There are so many impostors who prey on J the kindness of the benevolently inclined I that it is almost impossible to discern, with' ? out exhaustive inquiry, who is really in want of assistance, and often a deserving supplicant is refused the aid he seeks, simply because the person applied to is afraid com pliance with the request may only mean encouragement to smother case of impoai tion. Yet there sire very many deplorable cases of destitution in Melbourne, some so bad, and which are never made public, that some people would not believe that snch things could exist in this young country. The last on record is that of a man named Frederick Radford, who a few days ago surrendered himself to the police as he was starving. He was locked up, and given some watchhou se bread, which he ate in a manner that astonished the police, whose every-day duties make them famij«.r with the dark side of Mel- i bourne life. He was remanded to gaol, 5 and on Thursday appeared before the City ; Court, much better for the gaol fare and "cleaning up-' he had experienced. His case excited the sympathy of their worships, who collected amongst themselves a sum of money, which was handed to the unfortun ate wayfarer, who departed evidently thaakfui for this substantial assistance at so critical a period, and it is to be hoped to meet with more pleasant places hereafter. The Moreland road, dividing the districts of Brunswick and Coburg, has (our oorre- | spondent states) of late been the scene of many rascally acts, such as the masquerading of a sham ghost, and the poisoning of ducks and dogs. Councillor Pigdon recently lost a valuable fox terrier from the administra tion of strychnine, and similar occurrences are frequent. There exists in Prahran an institution which has, in a quiet and unostentatious way, been doing a great deal of good for a long time past, and which should receive every encouragement. It is an institution for the entertainment and improvement of young men and youths, and is known as the Prahran Gospel -Mission-hall. It was established late in 187$ by a number of those connected with the United Evangelistic Society, who secured suitable buildings in the Commercial road. It then consisted of a coffee room and mission-hall. The rooms were made as attractive as possible, all kinds of games and indoor amusements being provided, whilst evangelistic services were held once or twice a -week. Bible classes were formed, and all possible done that would tend to improve the young men of the locality. The mission work connected with this institution has been so successful that the" coffee- rooms have had to be given up, and the whole building devoted .to mis sion purposes. The institution is now known as. the Prahran Gospel Mission -hall, and those connected with it are working in the good cause most zealously, their efforts meeting with great success. Great damage has been done to the hop gardens,- and to property around Heales- ville, by the overflow of the Yarra on Satur day. On Tuesday the waters had risen higher than on any previous occasion of flood during the last fourteen years, and all communication by coach was but off. The mails to and from Healesville and Lilydale have been conducted by saddle-horse, rta. Yarra Flats. -The country from this town ship to "Coranderrk was also submerged, and considerable damage has thereby been done to the hop-gardens in the neighbourhood. A meeting of the United Tinsmiths, Iron workers, and Japanners' Society was held at the Trades'-hall on Thursday, Mr. J. Notman presiding. It was reported that no change had taken place relative to the strike now existing, although the number of men out of employment was gradually diminishing. 