POMEROY DRAMATIC COMPANY. The above company have now entered upon the second week of their season in Launceston, and their* popularity is still upon the increase, there being a rush last evening to witness the prosentation of " Hamlet." The street doors had to be looked at twenty minutes to eight o'clock, numbers being refused admission, while the large hall was simply packed in every part. The audience was not only an appreciative, but an orderly one'; the occupants of what, in a theatre, would be the gallery, wore loss obtrusively demon etrative than usual. The management, however, might with advantage make an alteration in the tariff of prices, and notify that " babies in arms will be charged half a guinea." The part of Hamlet is an ambitious one for an actress to undertake, and so far as we can remember the only others who, have attempted it besides Miss Pomeroy, have been Miss Wallace and the well-known American actress, Miss Charlotte Cushman. Taking into consideration the disadvantages insepar able from the character of the Prince of Denmark being represented by an actress, we must give Miss Pomeroy warm commendation for her represen. tation last evening. Her conception of Hamlet, a character about which there has been auch a wide difference of opinion, is one which few would find fault with, and in her presen tation of it she carried the audience with her throughout. She was well supported by the company, and the manner in which such a heavy piece was placed upon the limited stags-room available deserves grsat praise and gives evidence of a considerable amount of labour and ingenuity in its preparation.' Hamlet's soliloquy upon the marriage of his mother was effectively given and evoked loud applause, while the scene with the ghost and the soliloquy whichfollows it were also excellent. The well known "To beor not to be" was given with much feeling, and at its conclusion the audience manifested their apprecia tion of Miss Pomoroy's efforts. The want of stage room was at times very much felt, especially in tse players' scene, which was nevertheless ex. cellently presented, and Hamlet's interview with the players prior to this was another much appreciated piece of acting. The closing scene, in which poisoned swords eand poison "neat" makes such eavoc in the Court of Den mark, was well depicted, and Hamlet's closing speeches formed not the least striking situation of the tragedy, the audience 'insisticmg upon the curtain being raised amidst loud and pro longed applause. Miss Pomeroy's Hamlet is throughout presented in an earnest and natural :manner, with an absehoe of any approach towards rant and extravagant posturing by which this part is sometimes marred. Mr. F. C. Apple ton took the part of the ghost of Ham let's father, and delivered his speeches with force. Mr. Elliott, as Laertes, was successful, and in the last scene show.d to advantage. Miss Emma Branton as Opholia, and Miss Blanche Lewis as the Queen, played. with credit, while the celebrated grave-digging scene was humor esly presented by Messrs., Lenton and Kennedy as the .1st and 2nd grave diggers. Mr. Hall, who sustained the part of Claudius, deserves a word of praise. The remainder of the characters were well taken. To-night "Hamlet" will bo repeated, when' any tickets which could not be made use of last, night will be available. The management have given offence in some quarters by not adopting the system of reserve seats Launcestonians have been used to, with almost all the leading companies that have visited here, but we understand the attention of the management has been drawn to this matter, and that they intend to follow the usual custom. The change, however, will no doubt be advertised when made. 