Uhetcber. t. '. IN THE DEATH STATION. 1-: 110Ro?? . THE RECOLLECTIONS OF A SIDERIAN PoSrTIVE. SI'. Hdli lived four years as exile in Siberia, in `the village of Balachca, when one night the ' -opportunity came' to escape With th .->-~-- ;:::-and sleigh belbnging to the inspector of the iilces.'. I flew out of the village and all night > ooiigthrbugl"hsoitar7 plains of snow withount TA +uiin H ·Petb t t hi' andi~ Itnre _ went on across the endless wastes of . snow, after pausing down in a ravine to feed my horse and strengthen myself with brandy. SOn I went, the whole day without having seen a single human being. Toward night my horse grew weary and soon could only wallk. At last he stood still, panting heavily. I was uneasy, for I feared if . .I remained quiet there on the plain, I might lbe stirprised either by wolves or by the m numerable tramps of Siberia. Unfortunately, -1lid.¬ know in whit direction I had :jiiiiieyed daring the last hours, for I might ?'hav]ie approached the place I started from. For readiness in any case, I dreiv out two re 'volvers. also stolen from our inspector, chairged each bairel with ball and laid them i both before me. -, ' After my horse had stood awhile and eaten srinow, he showed readiness to proceed. But S,. ither? I did not know, and left it to the ;-.horse to go where he would. As soon as he felt the loose rein he turned at once to the left a?nd went off in a quick trot. Meanwhile it grew darker and darker till at last I could scarcely see,a step before me. But the horse seemed to trace something, for h lie pointed his ears continually and looked steadily before him. I also was watchful, and i standing up in the sleigh, gazed straight ahead. But I saw and heard nothing, and was about to sit down again when' I suddenly perceived' a point of light in the distance. I:? y horse also saw it and,trotted faster for ward. ' This light might comd from a farm house wiis ow, but it might also came from a \- fire built by wanderers in the snowy desert. "Be it what it may," Isaid to myself, , I .must get :out of this uncertain situation though fall in with robbers." ,?. ':I • • . . Soon afterward I could discern the outline of a great structure which stood alone in the ,ihiddld of the desert, and from whose one window the rays of, light shown. I was. especially struck with the loneliness of the building-and the smoke which came from the one window. Afraid of being observed; I drove slowly and quietly up, stopped by the back wall of the strange building, fastened the horse to a post, threw a heap of hay before him,; and then stole cautiously and noise lessly up'to' tlhe window whence the light streamed. Accustomed to the darkness, my eyes could at first distinguish nothing of the interior; it .was only after some minutes that I realized the picture presented to my view. But this scene was so frightful that my blood curdled in my veins, my hair rose on end and a cold sweat broke out on my brow. : The- whole interior of the building was filled witll smoke which rose from'a burning pile of logs in the centre. Bound this fire sat three men whose faces had a faistastic look'in the red glow of the fire. Near the hearth, in the loose boards of the floor, a great opening was visible, from which six men, one after another, soon came out, and each bore a -stiffened human corpse I The bodies were wrapped only in linen, 'and were chalk-white from frost. The bearers wore peasants' dress, and were robust fellows with rough, repulsive ,faces." Two of the men sitting round the fire were dressed in city clothes, while the third ap peared like a butcher; he wore a blue apron, had' his sleeves rolled up and held a great knife in his hand. When the six peasants entered with their dreadful burden, the three stepped back from the fire, andthe six.corpses were put in their place, erect round the pile of logs like candles ! It was a horrible sight for me I The fire glared upon the white forms of the dead, while over their heads the black smoke gathered. I distinguished among them four men, a woman and a boy. One of the male corpses had a beard of extraordinary length. W'hen the bodies were somewhat thawed they were taken by the peasants from the fire and laid on the floor on the outspread linen. At the same moment the " butcher" went up to the corpses with his great knife and thrust it deep in the abdomen of the one nearest him. -I could not explain to myself the mean ing of this whole scene. I simply stared, and saw how with almost .indifference the: ';but cher". ripped open the abdomen, took out the insides, carved, divided, and showed to 'the city dressed men, and then thrust again into the body belonging to them. ' ' Ihad 'often m my life witnessed terrible events, but what I saw here went beyond all human conception. It seemed to be' that ill this was more a fantasy of my wearied brain than a reality. I remembered how authors of horrible tales after presenting a train of im possible, unheared of occurrences and exciting the reader's curiosity to the highest degree, suddenly broke off with the simple sentence : " I walked up; the bright sunshine, etc." What happened in romances might be in reality. I rubbed my?eyes, looked, tried to collect my thoughts, in vain ! I did not sleep, I saw, I heardI breathed! . Before me the wall of the awful building, blackened by the eternal storms; near' me my tetheredhorme, and my sleigh; all about me a boundless waste 'of snow; above ine the sullen, clouded Siberianheavens. What should I do? I thought to myself. Should I fly? But- where ? Or should I penetrate into the house and shoot down these desecrators of the dead ? Terrified, benumbed, I stood there half dead and did not know what to decide upon. At lastI concluded te abandon this unlucky post of oliservation. I wanted to steel softly to my sleigh again and run up and down, but my feet refused to serve me. I tried to scream out ; my voice died in my throat. An impenetrable mist veiled my thoughts; para lyzed my will. I already began to doubt the correetness of my judgment. SI'could not understand who Iwas, who these dreadful people were, what was the object of their terrible doings. Finally the moment came, the one moment in my life when I began to believe in a supernatural world, in ghosts or mystic sorcery. But this moment did not last long. Then, as I, so perplexed,musae and stared withid,I suddenly felt someone from be hind seize me by my fur collar and rdar fear fully- at'me.' Like a brokeh straw I dropped without a sound and knew no more that hap pened td me. When I recovered my' consciousness and opened my eyes, I lay in the snow'while the two men in sdty clothes rubbed my forehead with snow and tried to revive and encourage me. - " You arefrightened, myfriend,"one of them saidto me.. "Do not fear; wewill donothing to.you. We.are doctors and here onlyin the discharge of our duty." "Yes-but the corpses." I e6uld soarccly utter the words. "The corpses, brother," one of the men re plied," are of 'the peasants in this region who died of cholera, and here in the Death Station we have dissected them. By accident you witnessed the most reptignant work of our office. Such a scene is offensive to anyone, but most so to those who have never before seenit. If itis agreeable to you to travel with us to the nextpost-station, it will give us great pleasure," concluded the amiable doctor. But I 'thanked him for his invitation, pleaded a pressing business journey, climbed then with the assistance of both doctors into my sleigh. and rode swift'as an arrow off and away. I breathed freely when I felt myself alone again on the plains, but I was long agitated by what I had seen in the Lonely Death Station. In Siberia sudden deaths frequently occur, but there in such a case they may not inter the body without its inspection by the police and a post mortem examination by physicians; but the number of doctors in Siberia is insuffi cient, so, between the solitary villages. so called Death Stations are erected, to which the dead are brought and placed in told cellars built for Ithem, remaining there till a police and medical commission arrives and examines them. Then, only, are they separately con veyed to their lonely burial places and in terred. Thus I was the involuntary witness of such a judicial post mortem, and I shudder even now when I recall that night during my flight from S~iberia.-From the German. 