ill : .??????? ? !:' ; Muriel and t ?''?'??' 1 BY ROWLAND MOBRISON.; .. ' .,? Chapter I.— How I Met Heb. ; i^IRSIP APPENING. one morning, to ??^?J^3K»'' 187-^, to glance down the 'Per- ,' jl^STn aonal' column of The Argus, ' Dearest Jack, wby tbis^long1- silence?. Alii heart-broken by the terrible ' suspense. Do write. Address G.P.O. Muriel.' Times' out of number I had read very uimilarly^wordcd advertisements in the same column, without bestowing a Bingle;thought on them. Yet, 'somehow or other, this par-, ticular one. seemed to haunt my mind in a most ridiculous manner ;' and- 1 found 'my* ' self Boveral. times, during the course of the day, repeating .the words to myself, and falling, into a reverie of 'speculation as to ' their moaning. ?'''?? ??''' ??'??' i -I could not possibly, of courso, then know that they were. .destined, to^ppssess Any Wgulfienuutt wllaie^crtilrrmy«etf.riersoriany ; ' ?to;becbme the first link in the. Bhbrt chain of evenW leading up to the happiest event of 'my life — my marriage'witb'the best girl in1 Melbourne. But I Bhall come to this in due ume, , . , I hail occasion the next,mornlng to call at [the General Post- office for a letter I was ex pecting to be sent .to me;1 addresBed there;1 , Iroin;the country, when a yotmgfady entered ? the ? office just before me,' and inquired if there |were any letter for Miss Muriel Parnham. ' ''.';;''?'' ' ' ; t, ' Muriel !' Instantly' the advertisement x-f tbd day before flashed across my mind, and my curiosity was eagerly— and, I am afraid j unpardonably-^«xcited;' I glanced at the! young lady's face as she turned to go away, 'letter in hand, and I thought that it was one of , the prettiest Ihad ever Been. It was not, so' much ,in the regularity and de j licooy 'of the features that the beauty lay perhaps her face was not faultleas in this re spect— as in the sweet expression that played tbbut'h'er mouth, and the,teider,.earnest r?ok of her clear brown eyes. It was good' V«fi— goodness of heart, and a gentle, lovable tsposltioh that I saw there. ? . ?;?.',? . T-&nctah.; a smart shower had crnnn nn. And ty' rain was falling pretty heavily. ' The , yOog lady was, ithere, waiting (as. I found.' awwards) for a St.- Kilda [bus to come', ala-,i She had evidently been reading; and wajfyroubled by tho letter, which she held opeto her hand, for her, face was nbwvery! paleV'bd her ejrea bedimmed-with' tears. ' Shb vaabauntcring'alpng th'p'tpp stcpV.and; ;I ^adijofjtinie, to ? notice her dangerous proximity V the edge of 'it, of which, from ner abstract! look,! f»uoiedhertobeun 'il.^.^wMl^withme oiriiwo others VS&Mg; no? to ™p ! but the poor girl had: ^i'&wVnkIo;*Ty' ¥A Snottut' her fobttothe ground, so I at once hailed a passing TcaVand wo assisted her into it as gently airpossibly.'r . ?:-?-:. .-? -? A few moments after, I having obtained her reluctant permission to see her to her .hon»aud*uisther-into it, we w.eredriving wg« ioi uiuug tao oc. iviiaa road. . oAi -w weeks passed on and Christmas was opph aching On the: day of Muriel's acci dent, Mrs.5-arnham had thanked me moBt ;profuiely for the service I hod been fortunate , enough to render her daughter ; and when I ,to d ler that I.should liEo to be allowed to call otcaslonally to inquire after the patient's progress, sho.wae good enough to say that it would give her the greatest pleasure to see me whenever .1 ohose to oall. : ; It thus came about that I was now a pretty constant visitor at the house, and manvi pleasant evening I Bpent with the old lady and her two danghters — for Muriel had a sister; Esther, some two or three yean her junior. My pleasure, however, on these oc xisiods was not unmixed with pain, for,. al- though Muriel was rapidly recovering from the effects of her accident, I could not but observe that a constant satlnesB had settled over her, and that it was with evident effort that bhe strove to shake it off and appear cheerful and light-hearted. .- \- It was on the evening but; one before Christmas Day— how well I remember it now— that Muriel, for the first time, cast aside^her melancholy in earnest, and became once (more the bright, happy, cheerful girl that I have now long since Known her to be naturally. ' ? ; I was spending the evening at the house, and our conversation tamed to the approach ing festival, and to the charity, good- will, andjfbrgivencsa of injuries that ought to pre dominate in our minds at that season. ? During the evening Muriel was absent from /tlxp rooni'forobput baif»an-hour, and when' she returned, the Bad expression had vanished from her face, which was now irradiated by a bappy smile. Taking occasion shortly afterwards by her mother's leaving the room, and Esther's sitting down to tho piano to sing, Bhe put a letter, into my hand, and asked me quietly if I would post it for her that evening without saying onything.abput it to her mother or sister, as she wished it to be delivered in townncxtday. ; . ? ... 'TSave 'since learnt, as you shall presently hear,! that this, was Muriel's Christmas message of good-will and forgiveness to the man who was the cause of all her sorrow. Chapter II.— How I Wooed and Won i Her. It was impossible for anyone to know Muriel and not like her ; it was impossible for. me to know her -long and not love her. A year had gone by since the eventB narrated above, and I now never allowed a week to pass without paying at bust one visit to tho Parnhams'lbouse,r-o.ten more ; and I lenew that after each of these occasions I looked forward to the next as eagerly as a school-boy to his holidays. In fact, in plain, simple language, I was over bead and ears in love with Muriel. Farnham; ?' ? . . Often in the cool of the summer evenings we would take walks together along the St. Kilda Esplanade' or pier, thb sea-beach, or Albert Park, conversing on every imaginable topic but one— the cause of Muriel's sorrow when I first made her acquaintance. She bad- never, by any ohanoe, alluded to the subject, and, of course, her silence regarding So time passed on until, as I have said, I hod known hor for a year. , It was a lovely December evening, and we were strolling together arm-in-arm up and down the pier. 'Do you remember, Muriel,' I said to her, 'what onnivorsary this is ? — the anni versary of your unfortunate acoident.' She looked up in my face half-Beriouflly, half -playfully, as she replied : - ?* Unfortunate accident. I am flure mamma and .Esther look upon it as the anniversary of a moat happy accident, since it brought them the pleasure of knowing you.' ' Aid tor yourself, Muriel, dear ?' I said. .''T)^*'y»in nhflp^ *l.a ? B^ntim?nta Tif 'ynir momnia and Esther 5' ' ' VOf course., You ought to know I do. Don't yofl know I do ?' Bhe asked, giving my arm a squeeze, and blushing as her eyes met : 'I know that ' it is a very happy anniver sary for me, flear,' I answered. And, so we went on, and so we talked. I dare say, reader mine, you could tell me the general, drift, of our conversation, and its sum and . substanco, just as well ? as I could tell you, for, you know all about it yourself. Everywhere, it 'is the same, and the cat is never let altogether out of the bag until the same preliminary of letting it peep out has been gone through. ? .--.',;. ,',,.?' At last I led hor to a Beat, and then I unburdened) my soul, and poured my tale of :Ioyp into her ear. I reminded her again how ,wo had known eaoh other for a whole year ; how Iibelieved I hod fallen in love with her when I first saw her ; how, at any rate, I had since, as, surely she had seen herself, grown to love her very, very dearly, and more dearly every day ; j now my. whole being . was bouml up in hers ; and how she had be come necessary, to its happiness, if not to its very: [existence; andll asked her if she could love me in return, and if she would be my wife, and make me the happiest man in the world; and I vowed that if she would do this I would , devote , the whole of my life and . energy, ,and thoughts- to making her .naPPjii:»--d.-wh6n I saw by. her face what hor apswen was before she spoke, I drew it towards mine, and Bhe gave nio a'kiss that sends la, thrill through mo oven now when I .think of .-it.;,; Yes, all;tliis,passod ju«t as only' at a much greater length than I have written it, and when we rose to return home ?—£&£*£ boim fl«^^».y if 'And now, dearest Arthur,'* Baid my sweet girl, ' I am going to raise a ghost;': *'r j B!i°Ihmy BtUe necromancer. 1' I re roiso '?' wnom ghost are you going to \- .'Tho, Shost of a skeleton Ionce had in my cupboard,'' she replied. ' I have lone ago ,buned i*, and have never wished or in tended' to summon it to' earth : again ; but now that I am; yours and;you are mine, I ahall not be perfectly happy until I have shown it to you, and you know the' only secret that I We to tell you ;. and as I ahal VT ii , '' .''J '»wio HKeierons to Dury;1 shall never have any more ghosts to raise,' Bhe^added, giving my arm a desperate hug as she smilea up in my face. And then ebb self m° 'tor3r Arnsleigh and her ! Arnsleigh had come to Melbourne from a neighboring' colony about four years ago, bringing with him an introduction to, among others/for. Parnham, Muriel's father,' whS was then alive, r :: .'? .' -irt'' pjrnhB'introd'«!edhimtohisfamUy, with whom his gentlemanly bearing and Very soon he devoted his attentions par ticularly to Muriel, and at lost appeareSto be desperately in love with her. In return he completolywon her affections, and she gave him her whole heart with all thoun selfish passion of- girl's first love. : _So matters went on pleasantly enough, and l^lan?ih0 bMam8 PO««vely engaged, parents.6 £uU c^ent ond approval of\er The day (of the mnm'naa h*A ii«.« «-.j Bias^wnfifenrrrT^*-*--'-^*^'-^- 'Su'A5KP^!r~*^iJ|g5fi-:~^^V'''-;V1 were in tne prefiminany Btage of flatter, and excitement; all the - invitations for the ceremony and breakfast had been issued and accepted ; and the 'consummation of the happiness. of the young couple Beemed on the. eve of completion; when the sudden death' of Muriel's father changed the joy into mourning, and put an eno for the present to oil the preparations and anticipations. - Mr. l'arnham had been dead for more than a year, and Muriel and Jack were - to be' married on the Christmas Eve of last year— the year of hor accident — when, suddenly, and without any cause that she could dis cover, his attentions to her began to flag, his viaita to her to be less frequent, and hta manners not so warm. - ? - Muriel was'aadly distressed, for she loved him very dearly. She knew that she had given him no causo for this change, as her whole heart and soul, almost every thought of her mind, hod been devoted to him since^ their engagement. But she could not brin^: herself to believe that he could be guilty of the cruel and cowardly sin of deserting her on the eve of their marriage, and after they naa Dcen aireaayaii mit married, merely lor a new faney ; and she tried to think that some false friend's scandal was at the bottom of it, and that she would bo able, by. renewed devotion, to win back his love, and clear away from bis mind the falso doubts about herself. When, however, she received one morn-, ing a short letter from him, tolling her that ho had to go into the country for some time and could give her no present address, but would shortly write, the poor girl was nearly heart-broken, for she now began to fear the worst. Weeks passed, and no news sister, who hod beon alarmed by her pale, sad looks, now guessed the cause of it, and questioned her. She had to' tell them all, for tho arrangements and invitations must bo cancelled: As a last resource, however, before taking this stop, bo agonising to thn poor girl's feelings, she determined to put in The Argus the advertisement that so power fully.aroused my curiosity and interest. She knew that her mothar 'Ami niRter wnuli strongly oppose her doing so, for they had persistently urged her to dismiss from her mind the man who had proved himself such a base scoundrel,, and^to.con'iratulato herself instead-'trpoif'HerWtppy'esoBpefrom'haTfaig' to realise bis unwortninesdwhen too late; For this reason she had, determined to say nothing about it to them, and to ask Arris* leigh to address his letter (if he wrote) to the G.P.O. ; and thus it was that I had the great good fortune to see her there, to assist her after her accident, to get to know her, and .to woo 'and win her; and thnsit was, too, that the advertisement became the first link in this short chain of events lead ing up to the greatest happiness of my life. It is needless to go into lie talla'alMUt tho letter I saw her receive -it was short, cold, cruol. . Pretending 'to take offence from the advertisement, Arnsleigh had written in such a way as to put it but of Muriel's power, if she possessed ever so little self-respect, to entertain a thought of evor asain resuming, her.paat relatlonsnip to him. As I have sai( in an earlier part of this story, the effect of all this was to bring an intonse sadness upon Muriel, and at one time even to threaten serious and' lasting injury to her health. However, her noble self-reliance boro her up, and brought her safely through it all ; and, when at last she was able, on tho very day. that she was to have boon married to her deserter, to write him a lector of Christmas charity and free forgiveness, in reply to tho oruel one which . he had Bent, her with the object of. stabbing her through her selfre Bpect, and of strangling hor wounded lovo — then it was t!mt JIj/ lei Parnham roso to the full height of her native nobility of soul, and emerged from the furnace of her affliction purified as gold. -' Chapter III. — How MmtiEL Paid Akns lkioh's Debt. Muriel and 'I had been married for about two years. I must not omit to mention that during that period our union hod been blessed with the usual ' happy evont ;' and my wife wishes me to add that never was there born into this world a more wonder ful, more good-tempered, or more beautiful child,oronewith'theBymptomsof geniusmore clearly developed, than her littlo Arthur. We had been married, as I have said, about two years, 'when, ono evening as Iwas enjoying my after-dinner smoke, Muriel came behind my/eosy chair, and, throwing her arms round' my neqk, and looking down over my -head into nrj face, sold- 'Blue-, beard, 1 want, to talk i to you about some thing very particularly.' I Knew from experience that when my wife addressed me as ' Bluebeard,' a re quest that I should gratify some .wish of tier's was sure to follow. She sat down ona stool beside me, and after Boothing the way by a kiss, continued — 'Up to: the present time, as you know, Arthur, dear, and in accordance with your wishes, I have never seen or held any com munication with Jack Arnsleigh's widow since her marriage to him three years ago, although, we used to be great friends be fore that time. But since his death last .year; when she was left. with her young child quito unprovided for, she has been very ill. I heard today that she is actually dying in lodgings in Carlton. Mrs. Gun tliorpo, who tola me this, gave me her ad dress ; and, Arthur, I want you so much to let me go and Bee her, and do what I can for her. Surely we may now forget the piat, and let bye-gones be bye-gones.' And so it was that my darling went daily to the sick, bed of the woman who had once unscrupulously supplanted her, in tho affec tions of her betrothed husband, and soothed her lait hours with kindness and affectionate attention. And bo it was that thn poor, young mother died blessing the name of Muriel, who hod promised her, after talking it over, with mo, that h,or boy should be taken into our home and adopted: by us. , She bade farewell to this world.on Christ, mas Eve lost by a strange coincidence of dates, and on that day Muriel brought little Jack Arnsleigh home with her ; and so did1 sho endorse .tho nobility of ? her. forgiveness to the. living man by a still nobler testimony of forgiveness to his memory when dead. 