OURCALIFORNIAN LETTER. [From our own Correspondent.] San Francisco, October 5, 1833. We^fcave had a number of titled visitors in San 'Francisco of late, and it begins to look now lhat the world has been practically -etsmalled by the multiplication of railroads, as if California is at last included by Europeans in the 'grand tour.' Sir -Sydney Waterlow 'and his lady were among the' number, and the distinguished- Londoner took a good deal of interest in our local insti tutions, visiting the schools and' making addresses to the scholars. He told them of hifr early struggles in life; -and how he learned his trade as a printer*, impressing on their young minds at the same tim&the; necessity of energy and perseverance in any calling they might -adopt. Sir Sydney's wife was a Miss Hamilton, and -for several years before she visited England,- where she married, resided in this city. Perhaps this fact lent an added charm to the ex-Lord Mayor's visit, and made him, in a measure, feel at hoove among our people. - At any rate he appeared to ?Djoy himself hugely, and when he left with bis family, on October 11, by the steamer Coptic, for China and Japan, did so with expressed regret. Then we had another notability in the person of Gladstone's ardent friend and admirer, Lord Rosebery, who also came accompanied by bis lady, nee Hothschild — not a beauty My any means, but a good, hearty sort of woman of the unmistakable oriental type. She went on visits of enquiry and mercy among the poorer Jewish population of San Francisco, and left sums of money with the rabbis of the different synagogues to be distributed among her needy compatriots. From the Rothschild to the poorest Polnisch, the interdependence of Abraham's race is never lost or forgotten, and a Jew will never suffer physical want with another Jew's know ledge. Rosebery and his good lady go to Australia by the steamer Zealandia, leaving at date, and this fact reminds me that I came across a number of the - London World the other day, which alludes to his journey, the writer being evidently a colonial, and acquainted at -the same time 'with the aristocratic tou. rista 'antecedents. He dwells on the lord's probable experiences at the antipodes, and says he will meet there many Scotchmen -who when boys ran about. Dalmeny, and who ''mindit the old laird weeV 'The Victo rians,' says the writer, pursuing .the theme, ' will carry him to Ballarat and Sandhurst and show him the now silent Eureka Fiat and Forest- Creek, where once thousands upon thousands of stalwart miners plied the pickaxe and rocked the cradle. They will take him to Philip Russell's beautiful sheep station of Camgham and show him, primus inttr pares, the merino ram which the un daunted Russell bought tinder- the hammer for the little bagatelle of 1,400 guineas. The South Australians will show him the dumb ghost of the once famous Burra Burra copper mine, in which the late Mr. Defahe was a large shareholder; and the yet lustily vital Moonta mine, which in twenty years bas paid its lucky shareholders over £1,200,000 on a share capital of nothing at all. In New Zealand he will see a country that is surprisingly like -England, where it does not remind him of Scotland, except, in parts which resemble the Alps, and in other parts which have the temperature and productions of northern Italy, a country in whose glaciers he may pluck the edelwiss, and from whose garden trelisses he may pluck ripe grapes. He may visit at houses where no man- servant is kept, yet his host could buy him out to the last acre and the last jc&rliDg; put down sovereign for sovereign against his countess's dowry, and then have more than enough left to maintain the modest style in which he lives. He will traverse Australia without being solicited by a beggar.' Farther trouble is experienced with those representatives of an arrested civilization, the Chinese. These people seem to have a supreme contempt for the laws of health and police observed by the American communi ties in which they live, and override with a stolid pertinacity all local restrictions when they think they can make a few dollars. The present-trouble is in regard to the 'fisheries. They have been steadily depleting pur bays and rivers of the finny tribe, large and small, using nets through which a minnour cannot escape, although the law prescribes the. size of the mesh with the view of preventing . the .destruction of young fish, as the old saying is, 'all is fish that comes to a Chinaman's net.' The large ones they retail at prices much below the market rate, and the sardines, eprats, and finger long wigglers they cure in the sun and ship by the ton to China. Scarcely a steamer leaves this port for Hongkong that does not carry fifty or sixty - tons of these infinitesimal fijhes in a dried state and an equal quan tity of shrimps, and the dessicated aba lone, a univalve shellfish that abounds on the rocks of the lower coast The authorities have .become alarmed at this wholesale de struction of the finny tenants of oar waters, and- have set the ? myrmidons of the law at work .with instructions to stop it if possible. Tlie result is the fishing Chinaman, is : ,harrassed beyond measure, and has to pursue Ihis- callisg by stealth. If he is. caught using jan}awful- jnete- or - taking;, fish during a ? ^closed jKason.his Vpunishmentf is summary. - JEhj? -i-nets . mo. destroyed, and- himself arrested and heavily fined. Still, the China man always has fish to selL An amusing incident occurred at a lunch ' 'given recently to 4he journalists of ViUara'a .Northern Pacific railroad ptrty at Victoria; -British Colombia, and the Prime Minister of . that Canadian province was the hero of it; The' Americans, were talking of the prosperity of the country, and the Premier replied courteously that' between- Oregon and British Columbia close friendship and -union existed; He was bantered about this, and -asked if by 'union' he meant prospective- annexation. ; All Americans take it for granted that-aanesa. ; 'tion to -the United States is -the dearest ; : wish of - the 'Canadian heart, and 'they o nly : pray for its consummation to be hastened. ? But they woke up the wrong passenger, wheu -they, shook the plucky British' Columbian. 'He had not,' he said, speaking with the utmost -coolness, 'noticed any indications of a desire for annexation. It was possible that -some day, in the -near future British ' Columbia . might annex Oregon, California, and Washington territory. Of course, it was pretty well concluded tbe American Union would not last, and that British Columbia would take in the Pacific Slope portion.' The calm way in which the Pre mier thus put the booton the other leg rather dumbfounded his American guests, who can not as yet see the joke in his speech. That he was in earnest they will not fora moment admit. ThkVillard last-spike-laying excur sion, ;by the way, has bred much bad blood : emorjg - the stockholders, because of the costliness of the hospitality. It is esti xnated the expense cannot be much less tban a quarter of a million. Leading men' were invited from Europe as well as from the different States of the Union to make up the excursion, which was a gigantic one, and as the entertainment was oa the most lavish scale, money flowed like water. Villard's idea was that by this course the stock would get a ' boom ;' but a contrary effect has followed. In the midst of the : junketing Jay Gould made a raid, in Wall street, on the Northern Pacific stock, and dropped it heavily. It has not recovered yet, and the stockholders are alarmed-, and naturally disgusted at so much m3ney having been spent for worse than nothing. Speaking of the Villard excursionists recall* the fact that there was a contemporaneous trip to Yellow Stone Park, the national park, under the auspices of Rev. John Hatch, the capitalist, who had secured certain franchises there, and desired to bring the attractions of the place under the attention of toarists, American as well as Europeans. He invited several prominent Englishman to make the journey at his expense, and now the Tsi'mne and other papers bring grave charges of ua gentlemanly conduct against our English visitors, and say they - considered the excursion a public scramble, out of which they wanted to get all they could. The 'noble and the aristocratic' proved themselves, according to these papers, to be very ignoble indeed. The smartest man was he who snatched first at what he wanted ; and as for mutual respect and courtesy, which are supposed to prevail between the master of the feast and his company, a trace could not be found. The Americans were by no means free from blame, but the worst offenders ap pear to be tbe English. It is charged that these secured the first and best seats at the table, carelesB whether ladies had a -place or not; that they stared President Arthur out of countenance ; sent all the bills for smallest; personal expense, including laundry and drinks, to their host ; and were guilty of many other meannesses too numerous to men tion. There is a choice bit of scandal in high life being developed here, over which Mrs. Grundy gloats, and which -makes the thought less laugh but the judicious grieve. A young lady caUed Sarah Althea Bill has suedes-. Senator Sharon for the purpose of compelling him to acknowledge her marital rights as his wife ; but in his answer ' the ex-senator denies ever having married Miss HilL The marriage, according to the plaintiff, was entered into on the 25th of August, 18S9, when the parties made a joint decla ration in writing, under section 76 of the civil code, that they were man and wife. There was no formal ceremony performed, -either by a clergyman - or magistrate. The alleged agreements are published^ and ; are made jthe . batis of Miss Hill's claim to share the bed and board of the ex-senator, who declares the papers absolute forgeries— false -in every liue. Another feature in this case, as is generally reported, is that Miss Hill, who appears to come from- a very good family,: was worth a few years ago some 8100,000, all of whicji Sharon borrowed and used, and having got rid of her money now ? seeks to get rid of the girl as well; He laughs at her claims both as a wife and a creditor. - . Some comment has been made upon the fact' that -Miss Hill, instead of trusting her case to » . firat-claes legal firm, has chosen a journalist as her champion in the fig at —a keen-witted, incisive writer, and something of a lawyer as well, by name of William McCann Neilson, who, if I mistake not, formerly lived -in Geeiong or Melbourne, in the colony of Vic toria. Keilson has a fondness for this - kind of modern knight-errantry, and has already fought the cause of one distressed woman through the courts, 'where he met the most expert regular practitioners on the other side, and, to use the expression of one of his opponents,, 'knocked, them silly' by his powerful knowledge of the case, . and by his daring management. When Miss Hill was questioned why she elected to take : Keilson as her advocate instead of a regular . lawyer, she simply said she could .not trust - any member -of the bar, as -Sharon's money would prove too great a temptation, and she ' would find herself deserted at the last moment. Meanwhile the lawyers look - askance at the case as a 'queer one,' and Sharon threatens to land all concerned in it in the State's prison. The cultivation of hops has .become one of the most important industries on this coast, .and is chiefly along Puget Sound, in Washing ton Territory. Its chief seat is five or six miles up the Puyallup River, emptying into Commencement Bay, near Hew Tacoma. The soil there is a Bort of sandy loam, con sidered for hop-raising as practically exhaust less, and one thousand acres are devoted to that purpose this year. The planters are nearly through picking the season's yield, employing for that purpose some Cirina men and about 4,000 Sound Indians, who live -within convenient distance. Some sta tistics of the business are given which may prove interesting and perhaps valuable, if hop culture is attempted in ypurpart of the world. The total acreage, in Washington territory, divided into small hop farms is about 1,200, and the favorite vine is the . English Chester, which in this soil bears pro fuBely the first year planted. The second year these vines bear a full crop, and eo far as experience in the territory goes, their vitality is perpetual. The vines are planted six feet apart each way, two in a . hilL Poles cost about forty dollars a thousand, and are easily set on account of the soil's niello ftness. Cultivation consists of going through the rows, usually six times a , year with cultivator and hoe, the latter being used only to cut up the weeds near the vines : which the cultivator fails to uproot. The cost of picking is 1 dollar per box of 25 lbs. ~ Fuel for drying is exceedingly cheap, the - woods around affording a supply almost for the cutting. The dry houses and other . appliances in use at present serve their purpose, but they are not equal to those in the hop districts of New York. , Planters here say that the available space for hop-raising in Washington Territory is so large that, they expect in a few years to control the markets of the world, aided thereto by the proximity of the district to water transportation. This is the district where the farmers were made rich almost by . a siDgle crop last year, when there was a failure in the Eastern and English hop yield, and the article rose from fifteen or twenty cents to two dollars and over per pound. The Puyallup Valley is most desirable for all farming purposes, as the climate is proof against injurious frosts, while the summer temperature is pleasantly modified by the winds from the sound. The bright visions of placer and quartz gold mines said to exist in that mysterious territory, Alaska, have been dissipated by the recent return to San Francisco of theSchief felin exploring party the other day. Abouta yearagohe,incompanywithsevenothers,fitted out an expedition to penetrate country, by the way of the Yukon River, constructing for that purpose a little steamer called The New Racket, fitted with every appliance necessary for such a hazardous voyage. The result is they sold the steamer after satisfying themselves by long and painful search the country 'wouldn't pay' as a gold region, and came back from Sitka as passengers on board the United States revenue cutter Thomas Cor win. Schicffelin told a reporter the country up there did not suit him, and although there is a gcod deal of gold to be found in places it will never be a great mining country, as it is too cold and inaccessible. He found the precious metal in paying quantities about LCCO miles from the mouth of the Yukon River, in a district fall of springs. He averaged 13 dols. a day while he worked, but that was not long.. They came to the place on October 8, 1882, and on the 12rih. everything was frozen up solid, so that they skated all round the claim.- The mercury in winterfaUsto55deg., and often lower. There are only about three months in which gold can be washed, from May to August. ' There is not so much timber as is generally supposed, and it is of poor qaality. Schicffelin hurried off to Los Agelos to enjoy in the orange groves of that semi-tropical climate consolation for his sufferings in the Arctic. His report was a great disappoint, ment to many hardy gojd-hunters who had prepared to join him on the Yakon, and if the goVd was there to wrest it from the very - .'jaws of ithe glacier itwlf.. Butithefdcoei of .nature are too etrong inthk instance, and so Alaska is relegated, with a sigh, to its fogs in eummerand enow and ice in winter. W« thought we had the yellow fever ;here the other day, brought from ? the Mexicaa Pacific coast. ..ports.., and so quarantined rigidly against it. We were too- easily scared. The dijcasp, of 'which there was seven cases onboard -he steamer Newbern, was not the 'yellowback' atall, biita malignant malarial or bilious- fever that'has lately been ; ravaging Hermosillo, Mazatlin, And Gaaymas. If our medices and health officers had paused to thick for a minute they would have found there has rarely if ' ever been a case of yellow fever on the Pacific coast, while on-ttae Atlantic -seaboard, the .ports of Tampico and Vera Cruz are its chosen home, and from thence.it is conveyed to New Orleans. . There is a great deal of ignorance among medical men regarding yellosr fever. Few doctors can manage it even in the lati tudes where it prevails, and those who meet it outside these lines can do nothing more than make wild guesses at the nature of the scourge. The disease which we guarded ( against eo vigilently, at some inconveni ence to the owners of the steamship, is called the tonto in Mazattan, where ita has, no doubt, been fright fully bad this eeason, but as all the climatic conditions are* against its spread in Cali fornia, quarantine was unnecessary, and only another exhibition of that zeal without knowledge so often shown by the unthinking . and unobservant. The sickness in Mexico arid Lower California has had, however, a disastrous effect upon business, especially in the line of minipg machinery, of which we supplied - the neighboring republic with a great quantity. Machinists by the hundred have been discharged to await better times that may follow an abatement of the epidemic, but in tlxe meantime the unem ployed workmen feels the pinching of distress. I recollect reading that some years ago there was a ceremony of mock solemnity performed in England, when the lovers of the 'manly art of self-defence' met in full conclave aad buried tbe ropes and stakes of the *' twenty four foot ring,' and all the other insignia of nstian3, as a sign that there was do longer any rational pride in tbe art, and that it had been perverted to a fraud and swindle by humbugs and pretenders. But it would jseem the 'riDg:' has been resurrected ia this country, for the city is alive with 'slcg-£ers,r- as boxers are now oilled. Sullivan of Boston, Mace and Mitchell cf England, and Siade of Jsew Zealand, have been resurrectionists in this respect, and the telegraph, by reporting every morn ing Recounts of their set-to's at the east, have fired the heart of vouug San Francisco to 'put on the gloves.' Every public-house of doubtful repute appears to have a backroom where pugilistic exhibitions are nightly given, ECir.e of which arc ridiculously crude and un scientific, and more pretentious matches at our large halls ate frequently advertised. It is to be noted, however, that this taste for boxing is more developed among young Irish Americans than any other class in the com munity. Dion Boucicault is the supreme attraction in our theatrical world at present, and he is giving his series of Irish plays at the Cili forcia to overflowing houses. The popularity of this author actor seems never to wane, notwithstanding his pieces have been played to tatters, acd he himself has been almost constantly assailed by the press for his egotism, as well as for the scandals that soil his private - life. Whatever may be the attacks made upon Boucicault, his enemies cannot deny him talent, both as a dramatist and an actor. He tells me that he intends to make a tour of the colonies, commencing in April 18S4, under the management of manager JameB Allison, and then bis public career will end. To-morrow night, October 21, some sixty or seventy citizens of Irish birth will banquet their fellow- countryman at the Occidental Hotel, in recognition of his efforts in support of Fenianism, and for the dramatic justice has done Ireland and the Irieh on the stage. Boucicault is, in fact, being lionised here at present. At the Grand Opera House, the largest theatre we have in the city, Manager Best - has tried with great success . the experiment of cheap admission, fixing the highest price for a ticket at 50 cents. The house holds about 2,500 people, and by means of the half dollar, acd luridly-strong melodrama, ha suc ceeds in bringing nearly that number together every night. Miss Alica Harrison is the favorite here, appearing in such dramas as the 'Lights o' London,' 'IJnder the .Gaslight,' and 'Around the World.' The Baldwin Theatre -is closed, and likely to remain so ; and the. Standard and Bode street are devoted to minstrelsy. .The facility with which the steamer Catterthun was brought up the Port Ade-' laide River without a tug shows clearly that it is not cecessary for the large ocean cargo steamers from- England, which have now commenced to' load and discharge at the wharfs, to employ extra assistance. Though her registered tonnage, is not greater than ? that of the Nornaanton, which went down : the river recently, yet the Kent is longer and as^iifncult to ; handle. The latter vessel - also went up to - the Coal Company's wharf r whilst the Normanton stopped'' at No. . 1 quay. The - Catterthun belongs to the' Eastern | and ' Australian Steam Bhip Company, and trades to Hongkong and intermediate ports. The vessels of this line coming ±o Adelaide always take berths at ' the wharfs, and so far they have not had occasion to regret it. Ocean steamers are, however, subjected [to a strange drawback, which should be remedied as soon as possible, and that is that under the Marine Board Act the board have no power to exempt the masters of such vessels from the operation of the compulsory pilotage clauses. For some inexplicable - reason, and apparently un warranted by experience or custom, a clause was introduced in the Marine Board Act of 1860 by which only masters of coasting and interco lonial vessels-could be exempted from pilotage on producing satisfactory proofs of local knowledge. The clause was not so much felt when all the foreign trade was carried on by sailing ships, but it was introduced into each new Act without thought after the advent of large steamers ; and, hence a direct bar is placed in the way of steamer traffic in the Port River. Why a captain of a foreign going vessel, who is ready to prove himself thoroughly competent to take his ship up the river, is not allowed to do so, whilst a master of an intercolonial ship may prove it, is hard to understand, apart from tbe injustice of a man having to pay about £16 for services which he is ready and willing to perform himself. It may be men tioned that the objectionable clause is not taken from the British Merchant Shipping Act, or any other Act so far as can be ascer tained. It only shows still further how loosely the Marine Board Act was drafted, and how carelessly it was passed. The half-yearly meeting of the Glenelg Railway Company (Limited) was held at the offices of the company, King William- street, on Friday, November 30, Mr. Thos. Graves presiding. There was a good attendance. In moving the adoption of the directors' report for the last half- year, the chairman observed that during the latter portion of the year a considerable alteration had been made in the working of the company, with a view of reducing the expenditure and bringing it within the company's income. The change had operated very favorably, and convinced him that the company had a prosperous future before it. Were this not the case he should resign his position in the company, and advise the shareholders to sell out at once. A large part of the balance' of £885 19s. lid. against the company was owing to the unfortunate accident at Plymp ton, and had it not been for the alterations he had referred to the balance against them would have been considerably larger than it was. : The Bill they had succeeded in getting passed through Parliament would also help them materially, especially in reducing the number of trains to be run, and in enabling them to dispense with running trains round the sharp curve at Althorpe-plaee. He was in communication with the Coamisaioner of Public Works, and hoped to be able to get some more reductions made favorable to the company before long. He stated that out of the total number of 94,000 preferential shares recentlyiEsued, 77,688 had been applied for, and that number had been subsequently raised to 82,769 by an extension of time. He was glad to say that a great saving had been effected in the item of coals owing to a suggestion made by one of the directors engaged in that line. Hitherto they had obtained their coals by tender, and he had noticed that the tenders of the four or five firms in town dif fered by about sixpence or a shilling from one another, thus showing evident cliquism. The company now obtained their coals at 7s. or 8s. less per ton, being a saving of about £420 a year. After stating that the company had decided on running a train twice a week to Glenelg for sixpence, and that if the public patronised the excursion - rate it would be extended to other trains, ho condemned in- strong terms the attempt which he understood some of the city coun cillors were about to make to get the trains to atop- at South-terrace. The adoption of the report was duly seconded and carried. A lengthy discussion then ensued, the opinion of the shareholders being unmistakably ex pressed in favor of reducing the number of directors from seven to five. Every conipli ment was paid to the directors, all of whom, were acknowledged to have worked their hardest to benefit the company. Several resolutions were passed with a view of carry ing out the views of the shareholders, the result being, that the number of the direc torate was reduced to five, two of the oldest : members—Messrs. Grundy and Sabine— being selected by ballot to retire. The election of Mr. G. D. -Green as director in place of Mr. Sudholz(rttircd) was confirmed. Messrs; L. S. Wicksteed and J. Storrie were -re-elected auditors, and other formal business having been transacted, the meeting closed. 