ECHOES OF MELTTOURNI . [By TIrE GCIosT.] There are already signs ande portents that to even the uninitiated indicatb"tlhat in regard to the parliamentary eessibi tlhe beginning of the end is at hand. The Council on Wednesday discharged one bill from the notice paper, assigning as a reason that there was no chance. of pass ing the measure into law dniring'the pro. sent session; and on the two days on which the Assembly finds work' for the eanators hands to do sits until ten o'clock at night. Besides giving their sanction to two or three minor measurea,sent u p from the Assembly, they have passed the Mifalleo Settlement Bill, and made such progress willth the lining on Private Pro party Bill that in all probability it will on Tuesday next be ready for transmis sion to the Lower House. Whether it will ever attain the dignity of an act of Parliament is, however, somewhat doubt Inl. The alteration eff6atod by their "Lordships" in substituting fifteen for seven years as the period during which landed proprietors are to be permitted to receive royalties on the gold extracted from their ground, is sure to meet with fierce opposition in the Assembly, and if some compromise is not arrived at the bill will certainly be among the slaughtered innocents. The Assembly has also, despite the irro* pressible loquacity of one or two of the members, got through a creditable amount of work,and would have had even mnore to its credit; had not a little stone walling been indulged in. Tile passing of the Civil Service Bill through its final stage was therefore delayed a day. But now that this somewhat enumbrous piece of Legislative skill no longer blocks the way, rapid progress will be made with the measures dealing with the Public Health, and Local Government, and the Post-office. And if those are placed on the Statute Book an amiount of work will have boon done which will eclipse all other perfornmances and go far towards disarnming the opponents of Coalition Ministries, and convorting the advocates of "Government by Party." Ieans Ilroilsansn's query "'' Whore is that Party now '" may then canto to be answered by both Liberal and Conservative " We really don't know, and care loss." Once moreillustration has bonn afforded of the truth of the saying that the unfor seen is always happening. Mr. David Gaeunon." has been elected to represent lmorald Hill in the Assembly. His chances of success were considered, even on the day just previous to the election, as anything but rosy, and the return" of Mr. Vale looked upon a a certainty. The tlrieo metropolitan morning papers all opposed Gaunson, and went' " bald headed".for Vale. The political builders, however, made the rejected one their corner stone. Two things are made . abundantly plain by ,the result of the polling. Firstly, that dlectors resent being: " bossed" by the Press; and secondly,that the publi:an, the Roman Catholic, and tlhe Young Australian's votes when united are, ccn trary to the generally entortainod opinion, qtito powerful enough to insure the success at the booths of any eandidate in whose favour they may be cast.. The re turn of the honourablo gentleman ,to the sceri of his former exploits, will, no doubt, .make matters in the Assembly a trille more lively, than they have been of lateo, always seupposing ,that two years ostracism from polittoal life have not taught 'Mr. Gaeinson,. a littlea.wisdom. Sootl to0 'sayi" Mr.: Gamnson htas already' caused'thle dry bones of the :Assembly to rattle, and iufusod a certain amount of liveliness in the Chamber that during the present session has been, as a rule, as decorous as a Quaker's mteoting. The honourable gentleman gave the louse' a tasto'of his "stonowalling" capabilities before his now Legislative career was. two hours old, which must have provedulthat two years retirement from political life had not effected any change in the "pean eiar and customs "'of former days. " Ago" lhaes at all events not " withered him," and the " influito variety'L he dia plays, for delaying publio business not' boon" staled." ,. . The bill to enable the congregation' of the Scots' Church to sever their connectio~ withe the Prcabsbterian Church of Vic toria is not to be promoted during the present session of Parliament. The time is too short before the prorogation to afford any' hops of passing, the moeasure. It is now doubtful whether it will ever be proceeded with. Mr. Strong sails for Englasul early in November, and with his departrer. the "necessity", for the bill will cease. Meantime the efforts of his friends are now directed towards securing for presentation to the reverend gentle man a testimonial worthy alike of .the donors and the recipient. The "gift" will probably not come in any "quesetion. able shape," but assume the good, old. fashioned form of "3rawbeos." . Mr. Monwure Conway, who has boon lucturing during the week, will leave Vic toria a iwiser, a sadder, and perhaps a poorer man than wheto he came among tie. Whatever creeds Viotoria may or spay not hold at the present time-and it is sanowhat puzzling to discover . what people do or do not believe in just now, as theticism is not to be found among the favourite " isms." A diluto solution of Etnerson and Carlyle is "caviare to the multitude" in this colony. It mooeets with as little favour here as does the ugly' but fashionable calour known as "crushed strawberry." Tihe farce known an the Education Conmmission being nearly played out is shortly to be withdrawn from the boards. Nearly £4000 has already boon paid in connection with clerical assistance, and the benefits (if asny) that would have losrcd fron the labours of Mr. Rogers and hlis colleagues will be nullified by tie passing of tleo Oivil Servico Bill. The chdrua of oh's ! with which the announco. .ment of the cost of the Commission was greeted in the Assembly virtually sounded tho dath.kneUll of the body. Oommoercially, sociglly, and from every otlher point of view, Melbourne 'wa never so dull as at the present moment. The collapse of thle front and side of a stone. built store in Flinderslhans has conase. quently boon promoted into quite a "sensational occurrouco." Barriors have ooan erected across the street, over which policemen keep guard, and crowds of lteoplo anso?emble, and for lhoutra gaeo at thle totteritng fabric. As the builting has boon sl?,red up, and thore l no fear of its tumbling down, it 'is diflloult to imagine what there can be to look at. Truly small things amuso small minds. Juldging by lthe numbers' of onlookers, this class of mind can not be scarco in eelbourne. At the BIijou "Camille" and her woes lnhave baoon during the weooek ongroraing public attention, the " Majerontia' grow. ing more and more into public favour. At thie Opera lolluse " Los IManeauxs Npos," very consideralmtely translated by tihe mansgement into "The Io lak Oloaks," is achioving a miodierato aucces, arid at the Prlnces the "Grand Duchess"' has replacod " Prnce lMothu salem.'" " Jo" at the Royal has " moved on" antd "lThe GrassIopper" nowv reigns in hlis alted. Visitors are arriving fromt the adjacent colonies, and there is now no longer the beggarly array if emptyeL bencbhes that has been the rule rather thimn.tho exception for the previous fort tight;. . Octobbr 11. ' 