\----o_ THE.SUNDAY QUESTION (To tho .Iltlor of:the Mh'Ivor Tins,).) Sir- Lt is a singular circumstance, but a sadly true one, that so-called religious people are frequently less courteous and charitable in opinion than those who make no claim to be superior to the common run of "mortals here below." And this is not for want of knowing better, because the Apostle Paul writes : "Be pitiful, be courteous, not ren dering evil for evil, but contrariwise blessing." I am led into these reflections because Mr. James Coles, who in your last issue cham pions Judaism and the Puritan Sabbath, writes a letter containing little but sheer impertinence directed against myself. I might very fairly stop at this declaration, and decline a discussion with this unfair and discourteous person, but I shall for once transgress my rule never to argue with a nitan who is simply insulting, Mr. Coles terms me a " Sceptic"--a designation intended to create a prejudice against my argument and myself. Now be it observed that I, "Habitans in Deserta," have not denied the existence of God, the Divinity of Christ, the mystical powers of the Holy Ghost, nor the inspirntlon of Holy Scripture, hut I am uncharitably branded as a Sceptic." True, I have objected that the Fourth Commnandment does not apply to us, but until the Puritans, toward the close of Elizabeth's reign, brought the Mosaic Law again into prominence the whole Christian world took the same view You may read this in the impartial pages of Gibbon the Deist, or in the Church History of the Christian Neander. And modern Christians of high standing can also be quoted in favor of my contention, Dean Stanley— an enlightened churchman and the personal friend of Her Majesty the Queen-says (Christian Institutions, p, 312) that " the letter of the Fourth Commandment has long since ceased." Calvin could not have thought that the "letter of the Fourth Com- mandment" applied to his time, or he would not have proposed to change the Sabbath to Thursday. And Tyndale, the leading English reformer, must have been of the same mind when he proposed that the Sabbath should be changed to once in ten days. And Calvin, writing on the Fourth Commandment, says, "' Christians should have nothing to do with a superstitious observance of days. I go no further than Dean Stanley, Calvin, Luther, Tyndale, the Rev, Dr. Bromby, and hosts of Christian worthies in this matter. Mr. Coles says I do not sign my name because I am afraid; Not so: the disguise of my identity is a slight one, and intentionally so, I do not sign my name because under assumed signature a question of this sort can be dis cussed in a fairer and more philosophical manner, than when personal considerations and individualities are allowed to enter into it, I am again charged, most unfairly, of trying to prove that there is no moral law, What I really did was to show that tho Mosaic Law, which included the Decalogue, was repealed by Christ, who substituted a newer and better law—but who did not repeal the Fourth Commandment. With characteristic unfairness Mr. Coles seeks to show that I jumped from subject to subjeot Sinai to New Guinea, &c;,-and all of them irrelevent. As a fact Sinai was simply named as the mount whence came the " oracles of God," and New Guinea by way of illustration. Again, Mr, Coles, still further to lower me in the estimation of your readers, says I "appear to have little acquaintance with the Scriptures;" but he prudently forbears showing where I," Habitans in Deserta," have displayed my ignorance. He further remarks that I "haste to say some- thing damaging to religion." What shall I say in answer to such accusations? Modesty forbids me to trespass upon your readers with personal defence ; Justice demands that I should show the untruthfulness of these charges. Let the sweet maid, Modesty, prevail--I am silent, There is little of serious arguement in my critic's letter, and that little is easily disposed of. In a way pleasantly suggestive of my Pagan ignlloance of Holy Scripture, he says. that if I will read "more carefully" the Fourth Commandment I will find that not only the Jew. but the "Stranger or foreigner was commanded to obey the Sabbath also." The commandment is, however, not to be read in this way. It is simply addressed to the Hebrew, and refers to the conduct of his guest. The words of the Bible are "Thy stranger that is within thy gates," Mr. Coles' contention that this word "Stranger" refers to the whole human race, and during all ages, is too absurd to be seriously discussed-in the words of the Swan of Avon, it smacks of " second childishness and more oblivion," Again, he seeks to show the present application of the Decalogue by quoting Christ's epitome of the Command. ments :-" Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, Thou shalt love. thy neighbour as thyself" But can this be said to cover the whole extent of the Mosaic Law. It certainly includes such commands as: " Thou shalt make no graven image, Thou shalt not kill;" but it quite as obviously excludes the Fourth Commandment, and such parts of the old law as " An eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth," And it is bore that my contention comes in. The New Dispensation repealed the Old, re-enacted what was essential, and added much that was new, What was unnecessary and burden some was omitted, among which was any order to keep the Sabbath holy. " Christ," says Mr. Coles, "\acknowledged and insisted upon keeping the Ten Commanndmonts," True, He did so among His own countrymen, who kept the Sabbath holy—Saturday. But Paul, the Apostle of the Gentiles, writes :- " Let no man judge you in respect of Sabbath days" (Epistle to the Colossians, 2-16.) But neither the Father from Sinai, the Son upon the shores of Galilee, nor any of the Apostles over commanded that Sunday be kept holy. The early Christians, as I have said before, acknowledged no religious obligation to keep Sunday holy. In the Alexandrian Church the Scriptures were read, homilies expounded &c.;, on Wednesdays and Fridays as well as Sundays (Neander, vol. 3, p. 120.) At Conl stantinople Friday was also observed, and business was suspended so that devotion might be uninterrupted. In several of the Eastern Churcles tho Sabbath (Saturday) was observed, Sunday was also a day of devotion, and the Council of Laodicea required Christians to abstain from business " when able." It was not till A.D. 425 that, bull fights were prohibited on Sunday, So little did Ambrose, Jerome, and Augustin consider that the Sabbath day was holy, that they treated its observance as a matter unessential. Ambrose, when questioned, said "That at Rome he was accustomed to fast on the Sabbath, in Milan he was not," The Christians met frequently to worship God, They had also long fasts and many feasts, about which they wore more particular than concerning Sunday; but those are now but little observed, In fact, they followed what they believed to be for the good of the Church in their times, We are equally at liberty to decide this Sunlay matter for ourselves, as no divine law governs the question, The Roman Catholic Church agreeing with the founders of Christianity that religion should be always with us, and not a matter to be dealt with only at appointed times and seasons-are content that the forenoon of Sunday should be given to devotion, Protestants of Europe (includ ing Prussia, not Persia) are of the same mind. The English Puritans alone — ignoring the Bible and ignoring the teaching of the Ancient Church, which abhorred Judaism—reverted to the Fourth Command ment, Are the Barebones Sectaries to hold us in bondage for ever ? I say, No ! In the noble name of Liberty I protest against a pretended Bible authority being wrongfully invoked to curtail our freedom . In the dear name of Humanity I lfti my voice against the rest-day of the people being made miserable by the dicta of a set of arbitrary fanatics. In the sacred name of Religion I exclaim against that holy title being used to oppress the race of man, whom God created "in his own image" and a little lower than the angels." Faithfully yours, HABITANS IN DESERTA, 