THE GOSPEL OF RELAXATION. [From the Saturday Review of November 18. J The gospel of industry nas become a hade* neyed and threadbare gospel, as Mr. Herbert Spencer has had the wisdom to perceive. Earnest people have spoken, almost impiously, we think, of the blessing of labor, whereas wa have the best authority for believing that labor was imposed on Adam and his children as a punishment, not as an entertainment. Mr. Herbert Spencer has preaehed the first sermon of the gospel of relaxation in New York, like another Paul among the Athenians. His soul has been vexed by the altars and the incense of that not unknown god, the Almighty Dollar, the eochon d'or off modern idolatry. Perhaps no English visitor to the shores of freedom has been quite so free (before his return) as Mr. Spencer. He critJBed the political corruption of his hosts with a frankness which they seem to have taken in very good part, though it has offended many a sweet enthusiast of de mocracy in England. Mr. Spencer thinks no more highly of Bosses and Caucuses than Mr. Mark Twain does, or the retiring author of ' Democracy,' or any civil service reformer on the other side of the Atlantic. Encouraged by the attention with which his warnings were received, Mr. Spencer has passed front public to private life, and given the Ameri cans a piece of his philosophical mind. He was invited to a big dinner-party, and par took, doubtless, of gumbo, terrapin, prairie chicken, planked shad, cat-fish, hominy, pumpkin pies, tomato salad, and other indige nous delicacies. He fielded out while Rev. H. W. Beecher, Professor Fiskc, Sumner, and Marsh, and ex-Secretary Schurz had each his oratorical innings. Mr. Oliver Wendell Holmes, too, sent a letter, in which the famous humorist, 'classed Spencer with Newton and Darwin.' No man is a prophet in his own country, and perhaps we scarcely reckon Mr. Spencer quite so very highly at home. Then came Mr. Spencer's own innings, and by way of replying to the toast of his health he criticised the health of his enter tainers. The men of New York, in his opinion, are in all things not 'too super* fltitious,' bnt too industrious. ' With Ame ricans work is a passion, and even deaths from overwork are not infrequent.' It would -be difficult, even for a critic who knows both countries well, to say whether Americans need this gospel more than we do at home. Deaths from overwork are com mon enough here, or rather, perhaps, we should say, deaths from over-worry. It is not work so much as anxiety about work that does men harm in the long run. Different sorts of work entail different proportions of worry. At the universities, where there is a good deal of overwork, men do themselves less injury by constant study than by con stant anxiety and excitement about their success in the schools. This anxiety they try to stifle by incessant reading, and so they plod on till they break down from over ? training. Over ? work at a literary effort — say the history of the Lower Empire, or any topic of that sort — is not very likely to damage a literary recluse who is not hurried and can choose his own time. But work not more incessant or more absorbing may soften the brain of a man who is struggling to support his family by his pen, or to push his way in the vast modern crowd into a foremost place in the profession of letters or at the bar. Such' a man does not feel justified in refusing any work, and very probably this habit clings to htm after he could afford to pick and choose among his cases or among the journals and magazines which ask for his assistance. Then lie gets nervous about meeting his- engagements, and when he has come to that pass anxiety breaks him down. Similar causes work far more rapidly, as Mr. Spencer may hare had occasion to remark, in a bustling commercial city. A great deal of the ' over work' of business men is not* labor, but a feverish gambling excitement and eagerness. In one of Mr. James's short stories, 'The Pension Beaurepas,' there is a laughable and. pathetic sketch of an overworked American. This gentleman, Mr. Ruck, was sent to roam abroad by his physicians. 'I didn't sleep,' he said : ' I didn't e&t; I took no interest in my food. I couldn't hold a pen; I couldn't sit stilL I couldn't walk from my house to the cars, and its only a little way. I lost my interest in business. . . . I had been paying strict attention to business for twenty-three years.' ' In all that time yon never had a. holiday?' says the other person in tho dialogue. 'Sundays,' the overtasked one replied. And what had Mr. Buck gained ? Whjr he ' did a very large business, and was considerably interested in lumber.' If Mr. Spencer has found America peopled by a race of Bucks, he is quite right to bid them take things more easily. To say that all tbia com mercial work is mammon worship and be gotten of avarice would be far too severe. Men get into grooves, and cannot get out of them. One man dawdles, another toils — neither knows exactly why, neither has any very definite aim. The dawdler praises leisure; and, as he is usually a university man, quotes the example of the deliriously do-nothing Greeks. The other boasts of his industry, which is but a bad habit, like the other habit of drifting through, life. The advantage is perhaps on the side of the dawdler if we look to length of days, on tho side of the worker if we remember how many vacant and listless hours come to the un occupied. The ideal thing, of course, is to get plenty of work done and have plenty of time left for the enjoyment of nature, sport, society, literature— by which, of course, we mean novels. .Mr. Spencer himself may be taken as an example of the happy thinker. This is what all philosophers should wish to be. He has adopted tbe plan of getting assistants— we do not say ' ghosts,' for there is no secret in the matter — to do the rouzb, work. They prepare vast collections of facts cut of which Mr. Spencer spins bis theories. The objection to this course is that no mortal man can really read a book except with his own eyes, and that no one can tnnttothe fact* collected by another. Every onr sees in» book whathebrfngstbficyeato see. One reader, for want of tpecial knowledge,; or special bent of thought; misses an essential fact. Another misses an essential qu&blua;* tion. H genius is needed to co-ordinate and analyse facts, it is just as much needed' to brag tbe facts together; Aristotle nndvhis own ' sociological' tables and historical col lection of details about tbe working ot bar barous and' civilised communities. 'Msica labor would be spared, and much time -for relaxation; won, if men of' letter* could^e^ pend on collaboration, and on the hodmanV work of others. Bat^ though Mr. Spenber «ay find the system work in his lannV^ad though it .has worked and docs irsx&-4*rff- ^^^^^^^'troe'wijp *»^«niid warn*' £BSml_&«-^ ^jir ambitiajs. Many ^f. rllpJra io^^rftb perfect soccsaa. WeTiave |8§f^»-~^j{H^;w©rJc?».: of .one sort or Sssfc: *»£_***., 'yhnftyfl, InoSr nnnda, but we i»^- » _P»a«u_fF find- Jihat.ao. undertake it would sgT^ ;overta_r-*rar strength. We^do not at once vr_ ?*'- abandon the idea, tout it remains a pleasant ' ^nnan joh the mental horizon— an agreeable v * -Quogio nfiect upon, a. distant nope. .The 7' 4Hnl- mon 'becomes narmTpss. bnt «ot useless. _ * ^ot_^g is iron ior the human race, s-od no -o, - - «ar__l; gain comes to the dreamer. Bat his - purpose Jus lieiped him tbroagh this short Jtfe, _n_ that is all to the good. It is better '(though a good deal less heroic) to tail in 'thiB my than to fafl. in the other way— to inrak down under » labor that will never be accompHsheo', and come to early death or premature dotage. It is wisdom to recognLse ?the limits of our strength, to retire from basi jaeef with * comfortable fortune rather dun tp cojne to griff in the quest o£ a million, to live and die nnJmovn, With, no -vodt dene, but great woria nndone, X&ther; than to break the 'brain -gainst an im possible endeavor. The weak side of this philosophy is that it may lead to the con dition of thetwinB in the *fGolden Butterfly.' Snt these followers of art never did anything ?t all ; we are only arguing, like Mr. Spencer, .against tryins to do too much. Ambition, as we have said, is not more the cause of that -failnre than habit. When men are once in 'the groove of money-making, scribbling:, pleadiog at the bat, they forget that life ?exists as a whole, and should be lived for its own sake. They mistake the means for the «nd, and make work for themselves as dili- gently as if they had to satisfy the fiend of Michael Scott.' The greater magician of the -same clan was driven by circumstance, not by choice, into this error. Sir Walter said, and -with truth, th*t he was naturally a very inoolent man. Y«t no one ever did more -work, not even Southey, _nd both came to the same end. We have such crowds of examples of over work in England that it is hard to believe . the Americans can be much worse than our selves. Mr. Spencer says the men grow grey ten years earlier than in England. Mr. O. W. Holmes has written a. pleasant poem on the 'grey-haired boys,' but we had not snessed that the boys were prematurely grey. Jf Mr. Spencer can support his assertion (as so donbt be can) by statistics, we may ?suppose that something in the climate makes Americans 'coony' before their _tay. Their women are sometimes said, whether truly or not, to age earlier than the British fair. But, to be sore, their -women also work very hard at amusing them selves. Even in Greece (where no free man -iid anything butenjoy himself ) Pindar says that many grew grey almost in youth. ' So also on young men grow oftentimes grey hairs ?even before the natural season of man's life' (Olymp. iv.). The speech is put in the mouth of an athlete addressing Hypsipyle imme -diately after he had won the footrace in bronze armor. So here is classical comfort for young Americans who, like the laborious Shelley, are 'youths with hoary hair.' 'With such, Mr. Spencer says, 'relaxation becomes a physical impossibility.' Ye c poker, yachting, hunting, camping out, base ball, and limitlefis flirtation are recognised American institutions, 'though perhaps a little gay.' In these, surely, there is relaxa tion enough. We cannot share Mr. Spencer's gloomy dread that the Americans, the people -of Hanlan and Myers, may become degene rate by reason of overwork and its effects on the offspring of the toilsome. Indeed, but a few days since Mr. Spencer took a much more rosy view. He foresaw the time when the ?Celtic, Teutonic, and other Aryan elements of the American nation would be fused into a magnificent and previously unparalleled race, -capable of living up to Republican institutions. The evidence, on the whole seems in favor of a future stock of highly-cultivated giants, all ?as strong as Mr. Bonnor, as swift a3 Mr. Myers, and as gifted as Gifted Hopkins. These will occupy the continent; nor will ISew Yorkers degenerate into Fuegians, -dressed only in clam-shells, and eating only oysters without pepper or vinegar. That -would be the 'result of overwork, if carried far enough ; but we look for nothing of the sort. There is such a thing as being too -ateful ; of intellectually mollycoddling one self, if the expression may be permitted. The Hew York poet must not be daunted by Mr. Spencer. Do not let him retire to the woods, or to bed for months, after contributing a sonnet to the Century. The hard workers of the continent have worn welL Mr. Holme,', Mr. Longfellow, Mr. Whittier, Mr. Bryant, Mr. Emerson, are examples of patriarchal toilers. Mr. Lowell has not over Taxed his intellect ; and, generally speaking. American men of letters 'have lived out ^all the length of all their days.' or seem in a fair way to do so. But Mr. Sowells must be very cautious, and so must Mr. Warner. The sword (when it is as brilliant and keen as their battle-blades) wears out the perishable sheaih; and writers who have supplanted Dickens and Thackeray must beware of the ?excessive toil which appears to have shortened the days of the author of ' Pickwick.' We -cannot spare his American successors, in whose hands fiction has become a finer art, ?and who have taught us to find the played out masters of our youth no longer endurable. As to the statistics of work among Americans interested in lumber we have no information. But we must still regard Mr. Buck as the e_ ?ception rather than the rule, eyeu in Wall street; indeed, if American city men are working themselves into idiocy, no traces of it ere yet observable in their management of railway and other stocks. The Caucasian of the West is not yet played out, nor is his bag of tricks exhausted. 