OUTWITTING THE BUI . GA:NDS. (From Chamber's Journal.) It was on such a morning as wo fog-nurtured islanders seldom witness at home, that I stood upon tho deck of the good steamor Coumoundouros, watching the nearinc shores of the Pirtous, which as all the world knows or should know, is the port of tho olassio city of Athens. The beautiful unclouded sky ; the bright outline of tho sun-bathed coast; the air laden with tho scent of the distant Hymct tus ; the far eminence with tho grand old Acropolis standing out white and bold in the clear atmosphere ; and close at hand tho mouldering tomb of Themistocles— all com bined to arouse such poetic fancies in my mind, that I forgot for the moment the pro saic business upon which I had come. The screaming engine of the busy littlo railway which carries tho traveller from tho Pirtous to Athens, soon reminded me, however, that I was accredited with a mission from a London Greek firm to their friends in the Attic city ; and I was soon whirling ovor the sacred ground Whoro History gives to every rood a page ! We passed the monuments of those doughty champions of tho War of Independence, Karaiskakis and Miaulis, and many other objects of interest ; and after a ride of three or foor miles, I found myself at my destina tion. After the first few days, I certainly had a very pleasant timo of it, the fow hours' work each day acting only aa a atimulus to my varied pleasures; and having examined the Acropolis, and lunolied by the fallen pillar of Jupiter, seated myself in tho ruins of tho Pnyx — whenco Demosthenes declaimed, and Pericles evolved his plans — I looked around like Alexander, for moro worlds to conquer. I thereupon consulted my genial but un washed-host, Kyrio Antonio Porieles Pappa demetracopoulos — who, although Plato was to him a text-book, and the sayings of Socrates as familiar as the story of Tommy and Harry to an English schoolboy, was al ways a8 dirty aa a sweep — upon tho pro priety of betaking myself to whore Tho mountains look on Marathon, And Marathon looks on the sea. For ono might as woll go to Egypt without visiting tho Pyramids, or to Rome without entering St. Peter's, as to 'do 1 Greece and leavo Marathon unexplored. And whon my host tried to diasuade mo by assuring mo that a Greek gentleman's car had been sent a fortnight before by the brigands to his obsti nate relatives, to hurry the negotiations for his ransom, it so roused my blood, that I vowed I would go if I returned as closo cropped aa an English terrier. So away we started — myself and Tliemistoclcs, the son of my host, a sallow unshaven youth dirtier than his father — mounted upon two high spirited donkeys, our revolvers well primed, and our commissariat well stooked. 'Adios Kyriel' shouted my long- named host as wo cantered off. ' Nevor fear,' I roplied, waving my revolver defiantly, and feeling that I should bo greatly disappointed if tho rascals did not show thom solves. On we wont, enjoying tho scenery and hold ing a hybrid conversation— ho in- broken English, and I in sadly mutilated Greek — until in the cxcitement of the ride, and the glorious panorama constantly unfolding itself to our view, I ontirely forgot that thero were such beings as brigands in exiatcnce. 'Now,' aaid I to Themistocles, after a ride of somo hours, during whioh my appetito had become unpleasantly sharpened, ' let us look about lor a spot wliero wo oan bivouao in comfort.' We soon found a dolightful place, sheltered all round, savo where, through a small open ing, wo obtained a view of a oharming land scape. Dismounting, and allowing our animals to rofrosh themselves on tho grass, wo soon mado havoo of the good things we had brought. I was lying upon my back smoking a cigarette aftor tho meal, gazing dreamily at the blue firmanont ; and being too lazy to rise, had called upon Themistooles to pass the bottle. ' Has the fellow gone to sleep?' thought I, still indisposed to turn my head. 'Themis tocles I ' But Tliemistoclcs heard mo not; and whon I raised myself upon my olbow, I saw him standing, as if struck dumb and motionless with fear, staring upon tho opening. Instinc tively 1 leaped up and clutched my revolver ; but boforo I took a stcp,-jtho]cause of Themis tocles' fear became apparent ; and thrco shaggy forms behind three blunderbusses aimed direct at]mo, made mo fully aware that I was in tho presence of thoso scourges of Grceco, tho brigands I But oh 1 what a metamorphosis 1 Whero'were the natty green jackets with silvor buttons, tho plumed hats, and the tout ensemble of the brigands of my youth, of the operas) ond tho picture-books ? Three ragged, disroputablo-looking figures, olad in greasy sheep-skins and dirty clothes, unkempt, unshaven, took tho place of those tinselled heroes, and with stern gestures and muttered threats, ordered us to follow them. My first thought was resistance ; but whon I showed tho slightest signs, tho three boll mouthed;muskets wero bent towards me ; and I folt that the odds wero too many, and deter mining to await events, grimly submitted to bo led down the mountain by our unsavory guides. At last, after winding through ravines and hollows, aoross glens and over mountain paths innumerable, this most unpleasant journoy onded by our guides calling a halt as we gained the summit of an eminence sur rounded by trees and tall rooks, forming an extraordinary natural fortress. Beneath our feet, in a deep ravino, with seemingly but one outlet, and excellently sheltered by over hanging foliage, was the camp ot the bri gaiidB ; and here we found tho rest of tho shaggy ruffians — with the' exception of one who stood sentinel — enjoying their siesta with indolent content. A shrill whistle soon brought]the rascals to their feet ; and rushing up to meet us, thoy displayed a dozen of as unfavorable speci mens of tho human race as could well be found. Seizing our asses by their bridles, they relieved our captors, and led us down tho ravino ; and having roughly assisted us to dismount, brought us into the presence of tho chief of the band. ' Bravo, lads 1 excellent, excellent 1 ' he shouted, as his sparkling eyos bent upon us in delight ; and after a cursory examination, we wero conducted, amid the excited gesticula tions of the brigands-and without undue cere mony, into a dark cavern within the ravine. ' Shiver my maintops I ' exclaimed a voieo as I groped my way in ; ' they might give us sea-room, tho vagabonds, and not land us in this lubberly creek ; and now they aro shov ing more craft in to anchor I ' 'Haul in, Jaok, old ohuml' answered anothor ;* ' we must mako the best of a bad job, mate.' To say that my heart leaped to my mouth at hearing such unexpected words, and find ing myself in the company of my own countrymen, would no more than describe the cheering sensation that thrilled through me. ' What cheer, mates ? ' I cried in the dark ness. Answering exclamations of astonish ment greeted my words; and in a few minutes our stories were told ; and I learned that my new-found friends wero tho Captain and supercargo of a ship then lying in the port of the Pirmus, who, seeking a like object, had met with a Bimilar fate to my own. 'And now,' said Captain Jack Jenkins, ' how are we to get out of this scrape ? If I had Tim, and Joe and Black Tom, each with a cutlass and a barking-iron here, we'd soon make a passage, I'd warrant I ' ' That's all vory well,' said Will Johnson the superoargo ; ' but we haven't. If I'd but the opportunity given me, I'd guarantee ' ? Whatever the supercargo was about to say waa cut ahort by the advent of two shock heads at tho littlo opening of our prison, and two harsh voices calling us — as my guide Themistocles informed us — to partake of a feast ; for we learned afterwards that the chief, in commemoration of having made such a good haul, had decided to allow us, his prisoners, to partake of tho general festi vity. But as a preliminary, wo had to under go an examination as to our capability of paying tho anticipated ransoms. First, we wero relieved of our watches and rings, tho Captain using language rather strong for translation lo these pages, to the great amusement of his tormentors, who with simi lar gesticulations to his, endeavored to imi tate tho sound of tho Captain's words, which of course only added.to his wrath and their hilarity. ' You uncombed, dirty-faced vagabonds I ' he shouted, ' if I had a few of you aboard the Annie Martin, I'd twist your ugly heads over the yard-arm in tho twinkling of a jiffy 1 ' Of course they only laughed the louder at his impotent rage ; and I thought it quite as well that they did not understand the lan guage in whioh he gave it vent. The operation of stripping us of our valu ables gave me an opportunity to observe the appearance of my companions. Captain Jenkins was the beau-ideal of an English sea man. In age about thirty-five, of a largo and robust build, a faco. broad, manly, and bearded, and limbs snoh as would delight a sculptor to copy. His height was nearly six feet ; and he had an air of command about him which was doubtless bred of his occupa tion. Tho supercargo, Will Johnson, waa perhaps ten yeara younger ; nearly aa tall a3 hia friend, atrong and active; and take us altogether— for I am of no mean stature myself — wo wero three men who, under any oiroumstances, would be no disgrace to our country; and if any opportunity should arise for an attempt at an escape, I felt cer tain that we should give as good an account of ourselves as any scratch, three, here or there. Having Batisfled themselves of the'value of my late father's watch, whioh I parted from with some emotion, and of the intrinsio worth of the Captain's gold chronometer, as well as tho supercargo's watch and diamond ring, we woro interrogated, through Themistocles, as to our means. For myself, the namo of the firm I was travelling for acted with a talis manic effect upon them, and I was immedi ately assessed — notwithstanding my protesta tions — at three hundred pounds. At this price, too, the Captain's freedom was valued ; while tho unfortunate supercargo — whose business they persisted in confounding with that of owner of the oargo and ship — was unanimously voted to be worth twice our ransom. Having arranged this matter to their own satisfaction, if not to ours, wo wero told to sit down and onjoy ourselves with what appetito wo could muster. The smell of the roast lamb and tho freshly baked moal-cakes, however, soon aroused pleasanter sensations, and dimmed for a time tho memory of our griefs -, more especially as, under the apparent certainty of obtaining his booty, tho chief condescended to be quite patronising towards us, carving the joints himsolf for us, and dolicately handing on tho point of a dagger, our several portions. After we had satisfied our hunger with the more solid viands, we were rogaled with dried fruits as dessert; and a largo jar of a peculiar Bherry-colored but bad-tasting wino of a re Binous flavor — whioh Themistooles desoribed as the common wine of the country — was brought in and sot down in tho midst of us. This we told thom wo could not drink ; and the oliief very generously ordered us a couple of bottles from his own particular store, doubt less the proceeds of afraid upon some wellto do householder. Will Johnson after a time managed to in gratiate himself in the favor of our shaggy host and his friend.'! by his goiiiiil h:ippy man ner and frank bearing, favoring tho company with many remarks, which, translated by Themistocles, ovidently pleased thom. Whon, too, by sloight-of-hand — in which ho was an adopt— ho performed somo simple tricltB, and cavo them a music-hall nongiwith a rollicking chorus, and wound up with a hornpipo ac companied by tho Captain with a pockot comb and a piece of paper, tho general en thusiasm knew no bounds, and the beetle browed vagabonds laughed till tho tears rolled down thoir cheeks. Will now became on such excellent terms with them all, that he proceeded to tako somo freedoms with them; and when ho snatched the horn from tho cup-bearer, and installed himself in tho official's place, ladling tho wine out of tho wide-mouthed jar .and handing it round to tho company, his triumph was complete. ' For heaven's sake 1 ' said ho as he passoc us, ' don't take any of this stuff, and don't drink much of your own.' ' Never fear,' said Jenkins, ^making a wry face ; ' 0110 tasto is sufficient.' And ao Will wont round with tho eup, mak ing a comical remark to this one, and a grim ace at that, until the chief — evidently fearing ' I from thoir hilarity that theyj£wero taking too much— ordered thom to desist from- drinking, and return to. their several duties. Meanwhile, wo woro sent back into our dungeon, with a sentinel stationed at the opening. ' Not a word,' whispered Will, as wo settled down in our prison. — ' Here's something, Captain,' he continued, ' that belongs to you.' ' Why,' said the Captain in reply, as Will handed him tho article mentioned, ' this is a stopper out of my medicine chest.' 'To bo suro it is, Jack,' returned Will; and I must apologise for tho liberty of tak ingyour laudanum phial ; but my confounded back-tooth was so painful on board tho ship last night, that I got up and look it, and luckily forgot to return it this morning. You must debit me with tho bottle and its con tents, for I dropped them both into tho vaga bonds' wine-jar 1 ' ' What 1 ' we all exclaimed in a breath. ' Now, stop your clopper3 1 ' continued tho supercargo. — ' Jack, you know I'm not bad at sleight-of-hand tricks. Well, in the first place, having contrived to secrete the bottlo while the blackguards were relieving ine of my valuables, and then having attained the posi tion of waiter, what was easier than to wriggle tho bottle down my sleeve, whip out the stop per, and drop the lot into their swipes; giv ing the bottlo a crack and stirring .the lauda num up, every time I dipped tho horn into it I ' ' Bravo, Will 1 ' cried the Captain, seizing liis hand and giving it a hearty shake. ' If that's the case, we'ro safe ; for the black faccd rascals won't wake up for a dozen hours I'll be bound. There 1 our guard has.dropped off already 1 ' And suro enough, the drowsy ruffian! had planted himself right across tho opening * and was snoring loudly, 'Now for it 1 ' cried the impetuous Jaok Jenkins, rising. ' Hold hard Ij'tj said Will.gj ' Let theiti get well off.' So, setting ourselvea down for half an hour, we talked the matter over. At tho end of ? this time, we sent the trembling Themistocles to see. how things wero outside; and after peopidj; over tho prostrate sentinel, ho gave us to understand that all were sleeping except three, and they wero retiring to the farther end of the ravino, and would in a minute be out of sight. ' Capital 1 ' said Will, with suppressed ex citement. ' Now, each take a pistol and a cutlass from the fellows, and follow me.' One after tho other we stepped across the sleeping brigand at the entrance, Will reliev ing him of his pistol, dirk, and blunderbuss ; while tho Captain and I stood byJ ready to .give him his quietus at tho slightest sign of his waking. Then the four of us, gliding liko ghosts, assisted ourselves to whatever weapons we could most easily lay hands upon ; and as Themistocles was not of much use for fight ing, we gave him the bag containing our valuables — which we found by tbo sido of tho slcoping chief — as wclKas several spare pistols, to carry. Picking our way without speaking a word, wo advanced towarda the open end of tho ravino, and just as wo turned round a jutting piece otrock, we saw the three senti nels, seemingly in earnest conversation. 'Haiti' whispered Will. ' Now for a rush 1 ' and each singling out his man and clutching hiB rifle by tho barrel — for we avoided the noise of shooting — no sprang forward. Al most simultaneously, and before the enemy had time to observe us, we were upon them, and three rifle-stocks descended upon three shook heads with such force, that two of the fellows droppeddike stones. The stock of my riflo glanced off the hard head of my antago nist and crashed against the rock. With a stifled cry, he turned ; but in an instant my hand was upon his throat, and the sound died in his gullet ; whilo with the strength of desperation, I dashed hia head against the wall-like rock ; and after a struggle — in which he wounded me with his dagger — ho fell; from my grasp, apparently lifeless. 'Now,' said tho Captain, 'where aro the donkeys ? — Come, Greeky I ' he cried to Themistocles ; ' bear a hand ; ' and looking around, wo espied our four animals just as wo loft them, but with a brigand sitting by them. Here waa an unlooked-for rencontre I Ho was fully a hundreds yards off, and to get at him, we should have to erosa a small, -plateau. ' Leave him to me I ' cried Jenkins, prepar ing to rush forward, But under the advice of the supercargo, ho stopped. Wo could havo picked him off easily, but dared notj for tho noise of tho rifles. ' Hang it 1 ' impatiently muttered Jenkins, . ' wo shall bo trapped again, after all ; ' and without further parley, tho impetuous fellow started off, running on the tips of hia toes, with a drawn cutlass in one hand and a pis tol in tho other. Just asho was within a few yards of tho brigand, the latter turned round, and seeing how matters stood, made for hiB rifle, whioh was leaning against a treo . a fow feet off ; but a rovolvor hurled deftly by Will Johnson — for wo had all followed — catching him directly in the face, so effectually stopped his progress, that he fell stunned to tho ground. ' You persist in doing all tho work,' said Jenkins as we camo up to him. 1 But quiok, lads ; off wo go 1 ' and in a moment we were on our asses, and under tho guidance of our Greek companion, wero making with break neck speed for Athens. . Up hill, down dale, on we went for a couplo of hours without stopping or meeting a human being; then, just as wo were about to cross the summit of a mountain at which we had arrived, a harm less-looking peasant wished us ' good-day,' and was about to pass on. ' Soize-him I ' cried Thomistoles ; 'ho'sa scout.' So seize him we did, for caution's sake ; and as there wero no trees near, wo tied his hands and legs together, and left him bogging for mercy. But there was no moroy in us, more eapcoially aa Themistocles explained that thero was such a curious and mysterious connection between the brigands and villagers, that it was by no means unlikely — had wo allowed him to.go freo — he wouldhave hied to tho nearest village and roussd a swarm of semi-brigands about us. Having travelled for four hours, and as our assos could scarcely get along for fatigue, wo called a halt 1 and aftor resting ourselves and watering our animals, we continued our journey until, lato at night, we reached Athens, where, round the hospitablo board of our host, we soon forgot our troubles. 