ORIGIN A L GOB RESPON HEX OE. THE HOROUGH ELECTION. (To thi IHUor of the Rhwiae Her all) j Sir,—I don7t know much about U, but 1 think !I Truthful J:unes " is rather rough on our Hare-street candidates. By James' lattei', ho thinks C.iUlei' h.-w 11 >t .;host of . a show to get in the Council, bus. nne will tell. James ami his friend ill bo sucked in for once in their lives. I suppose he stands as good a show as some of the other old women that are in, or trying to wet in. James says nobody knows wh it are Mr. Calder's view3 on municipal matters. Well, now, he would be a donkey lo bray and spout every thing he knew, to enlighteu those other fel lows that's putting up. Nice thing, that ! Wait James, until until you see him on the platform, arid if-he don't astonish yo 1 I don't know what will. He will give you his views on municipal matters to your heart's content. He is taking things very quietly until the time comes. When he doe3 start you will feel your hair quietly rising from your head. "Spons." is no object to hin, that's one hing certain. That £15,000 "Truthful jJaine3" speaks about is there, if required, and half as much more, and if James wants any he had better call and get it. He will be received with open arms. Billy the mer chant will start and canvass the town to-day. I think his influence in the district is good enough. You know, Jam<33, lie beat Mor phet.last time by a large majority,' so that he ■ can get a large number of votes for his - man. Billy has promised all the candidates a vote and \is going to plump for. Calder. What do y.ou think of"that, James , He;will h ive Mr..Calder inijyvliook or by crook, and rse cond'place at that'if he has to sacrifice aluhis pi-operty in Sydney, give away all the'-wine in.the 'cellar on election day, and the big orange tree;to boot. So you see' how thing3 are at' present, James. The cheek "of !you Janies,J to warit'Oalder' to withdraw: "Why he lias/not started yet. , That to'ls that once he is on the road and somebody is frightened there will be no farce or pantaloon business,', such as James-speaks of, but after the fight ing isfver, and if James, Harry, and Co. ar6 not satisfied they can step on to the platform and be accommodated with a game of punch which; will wind up the show. Billy says,he can hold his own against any. of them.;;. Mr. Calder takes, a place., as .second man. . On polling day Billy will look out for that, and its none of anyone's business if he did 20 to school with Mr. Gladstone, M.P. Yours, tc., ^U« uat 1st;, 1883. QUIZ. (To the. "Editor of the Rioerine Herald) : Sir,—The letter of Truthful Jamos," in your issue of torday, plainly shows that his acquaintance with our own David must be of a very limited uature, otherwise he could hardly be ignorant of the exceptional qualifi cations of Mr. Calder, which have induced "Truthful Billy "and so many other influ ential citizens to <;inva33 on hi3 behalf. • As in every well-furnished library there should te fouud a complete encyclopcedia, so it is highly advantage jus for a deliberative body to possess amongst their number one quali fied to express «. linal and conclusive opinion on any subject. Such is Mr. balder. As an athlete, the fastest hundred yards runner, I believe, in the colony, his fame has spread through it.it Victoria. As a »ymnast, at a tire . brigade'demonstration at Ballaral, he excited the admiration of the assembled crowds by his graceful evolutions. With the "gloves" he bas inspired the awe and respect of such men a3 Foley an I Mace. 0;i the platform his graceful appearance, extraordinary elo quence and extensive knowledge will, I feel sure, win the confidence of all his hearers. Lastly, in his office as Mayor qf Sydney, or at all events, a leading Town Councillor, lie must, with his ability, have acquired an In si;*hfc into municipal matters of the most valuable kind. Shall we then, " Trti'hful •James" notwithstanding, reject a man <>f so many parts, who is willing, for the benefit of Echuca, to devote his great ability, large ex perience, valuable-time, and handsome for tune to the town clerk, councillors, and bur gesses, of IScluica, 011 any matter under the sun ! In conclusion, I would suggest that the High-street candidate be requested to construct a monument in the Park to the everlasting gloiy of his friend, " Bill ■ the Truthful" who, by withholding himself, has discovered to the people of Eohuca the exis tence of an Admirable Crichtoa in their midst, Youra, etc., MODESTY. 