r Surveyors and the Lauds Department. ""WE concur with "Surveyor," whose letter ai î peared in the " Evening News" of Marcb 21,thi i?'..** one fact is worth a great many suppositioi 'cases;" at the same time suppositions in jou nalism are often based on ascertained fact Í which it is not politic to publish. The instanc« of " harsh treatment," as the Minister of Lane very properly put it, are neither few nor far bi r tween, as is well known beyond the circles c 'those who have boen " boycotted" by the Lane 'department. One will suffice our present pui pjse. Soma years ago, a surveyor of long stanc ing, holding first-class testimonials as t ability, and based on long servitude, cam to New South "Wales expecting to find en ployment. He submitted his papers to th Minister of Lands andthethen Surveyor-Genera: .both of whom received him with tho custoinar benignity that characterises an interview whe: such two functionaries jointhy receive persons oi any mission. It was declared by the Minister and endorsed by the surveyor-General, that on of the testimonials alone was sufficient to carr,; tho applicant through this world-professionally pf course. The Surveyor-General, after consul tation with tho Minister, said though they coule not then give the applicant a salaried appoint nient, if he would open an office in Sj'dney-ane ,he was urged to elo so-they would give hin work, i.e., contract surveying. At that tim< Sydney was not considered that Arcadia for sur veyora that it now is, hence the gentleman de. dined tho offer and left for other pastures. As the wheel of fortune revolved tho surveyoi roturneel to Sydnoy with additional certificates one of which was duly signed by a board of ex aminers, composed of four of the most eminent ; surveyors-three of them scientists of great .attainments, in this hemisphere, and the other a license from the Surveyor-General ol tvó saino colony, authorising tho said surveyei to practice under the Transfer of Land Statute *. e., tho Heal Property Act. He imagined thal /he /would have nothing to do but present hil testimonials- amongst them was that which a fe wy ears before had been declared to be so great .a prize-together with tho two certificates just , ihonlionedi and get work immediately ; but was told that he must pass an examination before the hoard pf examiners, who would meet some weeks after. He did what any right-minded man would do under similar circumstances, took an early , opportunity of going to a colony where the heads ' of the Lands elepartmcnt treat members of the profession,from whateverclime.asgentlemen. But the same kind of treatment exists to-day, which we submit, should be put an end to by the Minister bf Lands at once and for ever. It was a saying of antiquity that tho gods inflicted madness on men whom they wished to scourge, and then they brought destruction on themselves ; and history in every agc has attested tho truth of tho state *mcnt. : /./Mon may try to arch over the outcome of their hearts and plant the surface with evergreens, but the buttresses will give way in time. Nay, (as they move along tho accumulation is often ex posed, notwithstanding dirty wirepullers maybie at work., with unparalleled audacity, extolling a crusade against that liberty and equity for which , Britons tho wido world over contend. If the Lands elepartment want to restrain men from talking and writing, and the Press from commenting on tho injustices that surveyors and others,' especially the unlicensed surveyors in ? this colony are subjected to, the officers who are not perfection themselves should remember abstd principibus-"prevention is better than .cure"--as amongst their favourite mottoes. Tyrants, as well as spies and tale-bearers, have always feared the tongue and the pen. One . honest man, with truth and justice on his side, . has been moro terrific to his oppressor than the pikes and bayonets of 10,000 insurgents; and, although a numerous class of men who are " con servative of the conservatives," because they have amassed money-as their certificates say on their "honour" (!) may rally round and boast that " wealth has its influence ! " we ar .Btrpngly of opinion that even tho rosy days of .these men of "honour" are numbered. ? The', errors and something worse of the past, although they cannot but bo looked upon with unmixed regret by tho perpetrators-might in ;thp'bustle of this day possibly be passed over without a full disclosure being made; but most iissuredly should the threatened flood of "wealth" pf tho elect portion of licensed surveyors, who lnake it by such very questionable means, be .brought to bear upon some weak natures in the Legislature, strong-minded men will resist it to t)i.e death and utter eliscomfiture of the would-be bribers. Inexperienced young men might pos . ßibiy be excused for giving vent to excessively strong views, so long as they can obtain expc- ' riencod surveyors from other colonies, who will not. submit to tho indignity of passing another j examination here, to elo their work for a mero j -Jilttancp ; but of the older, who sail in the same E1ÍÍJ> as it regards employing and underpaying pr'pfioiout-T more able than themselves, " days síi'ould speak, and multitude of years should teach wisdom." j ¿ Wo unhesitatingly eay that, if only in tho in terests of truth, a change should be made rc the admission of ccrtiiicateel surveyors to practice in thia colony. If not, what can be expected of the young mon who almost every day of their lives fitness the most deliberate gross perjury of their ? .eiiperiors, in town and country. If there was a fair open field for raeu hailing from other colonies there would soon be an end, to a great extent, of this, one of the most abominable practices now in operation in and out of the Government service, j lt has hitherto been tho case to warn persons against lawyers, but now it is, watch the sur veyor, who although he is competent to do his own work, prefers easo or speculation, while he \- tends forth tho cadet, the assistant who is often the certificated surveyor of another colony, to elo it, and not knowing whether the time of those j helps has boen ocoupied partly in scamping the work and partly in consuming1 sundiy bei he certifies that he " personally" did work, although he never saw the groi which the plan, with computed mathemati accuracy, duly signed by him, represents. We repeat, a change rc the admission of eei fied qualified surveyors from other colonies shoi be made, whereby scores of licensed surveyors this colony would be relieved of what to th appears to* be a necessity-perjury and subon tion. The chief engineers in the Pu blic Woi department, men of vast experience in engine ing surveys, do not act after the style of t Surveyor- General, whose practico is altogetr confined to this colony, in employing assistan With them, if a 6urve\\*or or engineer presei himself and submits duly attested testimonia Sec., of ability, experience, and probity, ho is, assistance be required and proper infiuen brought to b_ar, put to work ; and, as should I is properly supervised. If found not up to t mark, whafcUer from carelessness or a: other cause, his services are dispensed wit Why not so in the Survey department? Ec [answers why. District Surveyors, instead being little more than mere correspondents f six hours a day, should get out ot those litt divinities by which they aro hedged around, fro day to day, with but few intermissions, and g into tho field and do that highly necessary pa of what the.} were at first intended to do, ai which some gullible people believe they now do test tho accuracy of the field-assistantB' wor whether salaried or contract surveyors. If th« would spend the ¿8200 per annum " allowance " riding over Mieir districts, and occasional pounce down upon tho licensed surveyors ar salaried officers, who are allowing the youthf cadet to do tho work, which is seldom checke matters would speedily wear a different aspect. Tho Surveyor-General must well know that a examination of youngorold before his board orar other board of examiners, will not ensureaccural fieldwork, for some of tho most incompleto an most inaccurate of surveys made iu his depar ment have been executed by men who wore au fa with the "asses' bridge," and might be so wit the problem of the " tinker and his ketti e," " th gentlemen's garden," and such liko, to tho ge( metrician, pleasing exercisos. Tho fae's of E many having had to "return to the office," i conclusive on the point, and what field exper ence can be gained by the punishment of sojourn forsix or 12 months amongst plans is b no means clear to common understanding! Strange kind of punishment ! We don't say that every surveyor that ma present a certificate from even the most abl board of examiners in the Australias Bhould dc mund employment, but we do say if the gentle man can satisfy tho Surveyor-General tha in addition to ono or moro certificates of coin petency from duly constituted boards of ex aminers, he has reliable certificates as to probit; and sobrioty, ho should, if surveyors aro required receive that consideration which might be reason ably expected from tho head of any branch of tin public Eervice, and which of a certainty is ex tended in all other of the Australias. At an^ rate, whether thero is government work or no tho certificated surveyor from the left bank of th( Murray, ought to bo allowed to practice privatolj if he likeB on tho right bank of the Murray ; oi ho might como on to Sydney and get a sharo ol tho harvest of plums that have been, and now arc, so prolific, altogether independent of Govern ment control. Even the farce of passing an ex amination hore, and then having to get, bj special favour of the Surveyor-General, a license to practice under tho Beal Property Act, mus soon ceaso to be played. Pending tho decision of tho Minister of Lands, as to tho matters put before him by tho Council of the Institute of Surveyors, we purposed not to discuss the " harsh treatment " on the one side or the flimsy objections to " reciprocity " as regards surveyors' certificates on the other ; but that the class who consider they have " vested interests " at stake have boasted that that which they have obtained by certificatas of "honour" will be applied as a lubricator ; for " wealth," as they corructly say, " has its influence." Sanitary regulations to keep the small-pox from becoming epidemic are now tho order of the day incertain quarters of our city; but thero are departmental pests more destructive than any other plague, and emito as fatal to a pure lifo. These tho patriot must not only oppose, but labour to prevent. It is well known " that Sir Robert Peel rarely, if ever, advocated any subject on tho broad and universal basis of equity. With hirn ail was expediency. If ho deferred a measure, it was "because it was not yet expedient;" or, if ho agreed to carry it, he did so because " it was now become expedient." These proceedings branded him as a temporiser, and loft the chief blots of his reputation. Had ho been tho dis ciple of universal equity, he would have stood among the first of the great statesmen of the world ; but, for want of this true idea of justice, future generations will less and less not admire his name. We believe in a good time coming, in which universal justico and benevolence will bo all in al], and when «very topic will be discussed anti settled accoreling to tho broad dictates of eternal and immutable eejuity. It is to be hoped that the Minister of Lands, who is so well posted up in the injustices affecting surveyors, will, as soon as his other onerous duties permit, settle thc question whether the Lands department has j to bo further chronicled as the most despotic of all the bureaus since tbo appearance of that apocryphal person, " the oldest inhabitant " in the colony, or now exists among tho serfs of any European or Oriental despot. Tho many friends of Cupiaiu Tulloh, of thc Ii.M.S. Australia, will regret to learn that, owing to ill health, ho has been com polled to resign. Mr. Banner man, chief officer, will command tho vessel on her next outward voyage, but tho senior officer, Mr. Ghost, for several years chief officer of the K.M.S. Zimlandia, and who is now returning from Encland pn leave of absence, has been appointed to the permanent j oommand. Captain Ghost will join the vessel at Honolulu. 