THE WHEAL TALLANGATTA MINING COA1PANY. A meeting of investors in the Wheal Tallangatta Tin Sluicing and Mining Com pany, Upper Murray, was held on Tues day evening at Bartlett's Railway Hotel, Elizabeth street, Melbourne. Mr J. W. Beilby, who - had convened the meeting, was called to the chair. The CHAIRMAN stated he had called tab meeting in consequence of the J dissatisfaction he felt, 'iu common with I others, at being persuaded to invest his money in the Wheal Tallangc.tta by a prospectus which informed investors that the claim yielded ore which contained 73 per cent, of tin. The question was whether any steps should be taken to obtain restitution of the money they had put into tha concern, and if that could be done, at any rate the swindle should be exposed. The stuff which had latterly come down yielded only from two to five per cent. Mr LlND said that on the strength of the prospectus the thing was nothing else but a swindle. It must have been mis represented from the first. When he wont to pay his calls at the office of the legal manager, he wa3 told that tin was being got in sufficient quantities to pay expenses. It was further said that the calls were -coming in well, when the fact was otherwise. Within a week or two from that they found the manager advis ing the directors to leave off working the ground. It seemed to him to have been a case of " salting." Air G. B. B. ELLIOTT, the legal manager for the c-'mpany, and the pr» motor, acknowledged that it was natural shareholders should think there had been swindling somewhere. His idea was that Mr Rosale3, whose report appeared in the prospectus, had been " had." The ground, as far as ho could see was " patchy." To show his (Mr Elliott's) bona- Jides in the matter, he might men tion that he and his family had held 11,616 shares. The directors, too, who had with him believed that they had got a good thing, held 8000 shares. Mr LUKE said that but for representa tions made to him by Air Norton, the late mining manager, he should have disposed f ThVcHAIRMAN : Mr Norton holds yet that it is a good claim. Mr LIND : Well, he would have to persuade me a long time to hold them, if . I could only get rid of mine — (laughter). - Mr NORTON, who was called iuto the room, denied statements afloat that he had covered lodes up. The stuff sent down was the same as that which the previous lessees had. got. It -was good tin. He sent it down, uncleaued at the request of the legal manager, who said the directors were going to get a machine for cleaning. He could not explain how it was that there was such a difference as that exhi bited between the ore which, according to Air Newbery, produced 73 per cent., and that which had only 1 or 2 per cent. He had taken up extra ground, and when Mr Elliott came up ho approved of it. There was good tin, and lie recommended', that before the claim .v»s sold, as advertised, some efficient man or men should be sent up to see trie place. Mr LIND : You suggest, then, that the stuff must have been changed on the way down. (Laughter.) Mr NORTON : The . stuff I sent down should yield GO per cent. I have my own opinion that it was changed. I think it is a shame that operations at the two claims — this and the Tallangatta — should be suspended. - Air LUKE : I paid my calls on the :iitinct:ithderstanding that the plaim was to' he .carried on". . ' ;AIr ELLIOTT : -Before the call was made the 'directors had advanced; a. con siderable . sum' of' moneys themselves; They ::cqnld;do no less than sto'p. ; ' \ / Air®!. WHITE (one'lof the directors)', failed to- see what good la desiil'tory con versation would do. The masks ought to be torn from the faces of those who had been tke swindlers, . Mr-. Elliott had, un- fprtuiiately, got him" into the affair, and, the- ino.ment .'he -.found, that; the mining manager was' Air Norton, he told the board that the..- thing would "not be managed properly. Immediately on a new manager 'being sent up there came correct reports that,the.tin would. not pay. for the getting. Et was between Mr Norton on the one hand, 'and Mr, Elliott on the other. - Air Elliott . was causing the property to be I sold, . and the shareholders had not the ghost of i a chance of getting a penny. The CHAIRAIA.N : Have we reason to believe that; we are the victims of a conspiracy to defraud 1 Air WHITE : Yes, but we canuot sheet, it home. Wo must grin and bear it. We might; try and frustrate the -sale. My opinion is, however, that it was salted by some one in tho first instance. I am told that it is not a tin country. Air NORTON: Adjoining companies are putting up machinery and getting tin successfully. "Sinclair and his mate worked the claim successfully. Mr ELLIOTT : If the meeting can see any good in the claim, I will nob prevent them having it. . As a creditor I feel J had got SB good right to get my own out of it as anybody else. The meeting shortly afterwards termi nated without any resolution being taken into consideration.— -"Argus." 