THE CHRONIOL.es OF . . : ' - , early Melbourne; HISTORIOAL, ANBOUGTAL, -aND. PERSON AL.— (1836-1851.) ; ! ' NEWS By GAHH70W2N, ' . CHAPTER XVII, THEATRICAL AND OTHER ENTER- 7 ' TAINMENTJ3. u'.'j Thb Pavimoit," - (Coutinned).' ; ' Nsw AjiniVALa. . ' A Z»ADT inMBLBIL Cameron madfiagreat mistake in lOddsrinff- bimsolf unpopular with an influential section of tbe community. The theat'ro was oon- ttnuad, but prosperity did not shine upon it, . Cameron reemed tc havo lost heart, and the concern drifted into suoba medley of mis- 1 manogement, as to givo rise to numorous com- ' plaints Somo of tbo performers used to ap« pear in & state of intoxication, andoneovon- iug tho entertainment could not go on because ' tho loader of tbo band rofussd to enter tho orchestra &b; ho bad not boen paid his sqtaty Soon after, on tbe occasion of a benefit to Mre Cameron, an actress is doolarod to bavo boon 'so confoundedly drank as to tamblo hood over heols from tbo stago into the double bass in tbe orchestra, ' Extraordinary aorobatio faato have often been described, bnfr it is quos- tionoblo if any ancb improbability or-tbo pocn- liar aoraersault indicated was over executed by lady or gentleman, drank cs sober. Towards the olose of the year tho Pavilion found itself in chancery. Hedges bad pro- viously come to grief through pecuniary difficulties. He had sequestrated hia estate, such as it was, for tbo booofit of bis creditors, and bis trustees filed a bill against Jamieson, seking for accounts for oomo L1590; An in duction was also applied for to restrain Jamlo- son or his servants from roceiving rents or profits, or continuing in possession of tho pro mises. Tho oauro waa duly he&rd; in the Supremo Court, and Mr Robert W. Shadforth (the judge's aaiooiato) waa appointed receiver. On deumndiog possession, this offfcer was tzoatodso unceremoniously by Jamieson that tho judge hud eomo notion of issuing an at tachment, but Jamieson vory discretely throw up tbo spongo,' aurrenderod pos session, and Cameron wae directed henceforth to cuth up to the receiver and nobody olae. How much Cameron paid or tbo cthor re ceivcd, whether nothing, little or much, is one oftbo loeteocrctsof local biatory novee likoly to bo fouod. Cameron still kept on in a precarious stato of professional existence until tho commono.? ment of 1S15, when he applied for a-reoewal of the license, Winter made a similar appli cation, but tho polioa oourt decided io favo? of Cameron, though it was publicly stated tbat his management had baon characterised by the grossest irregularities, misconduct and intoxication behind the scenes, After being ebut up for some time tho place was ro-oponed and Nesbit arrived from Sydney,-, made bis appearance on tbe 24th Fobrnary; but he waa uflorlng co mnob from an attack of cold as t be tbe reverse of a Bucces?, Others besides tbo Oamorons,, Hodges and JamlesouB had reason to regret their oonnoo tlon with the ill-fated speculation, and amongst tbem was an nnfortuorte stage roanngor Darned ChaxloB Loe, The worries of the eBtablirbment upon this poor sinner so knocked bim upas to react upon hiB wife, who waa completely driven ont of her senses, and died ' a Innatio in tbe gaol, Still tbe. Pavilion trugglod on for existoaco, a miserable, da- creditable hang-dog life, and Camoron playod-. away in a reckless desultory manner, the pec ormancea becoming so low as to bo beDeatk riticlezn. Nesbit t, however, got ap a flicker- now and tbon, wben bie appearance in Othello, Richard III and Sir Edward Mortimer, gave lomo enjoyment to ths playgoers, but the finis was not far off. On St, Patriot's night tbero was , a tolerable representation of tbe Mountaineer and the Unfinished Gentleman, when tho alever amateur Davies snado a great fait as J em Miller. One evening shortly &ftec; thcro was great fun; and somothicg near a . murder amongst tbe "gods ' in the gallery, A Mr Ch&rloB; Henry Seymour Woutwortb, ft. broken-down swell, known abont towu as. ' tbo doctor,' treated a woman, said to be bia wife and by many to bo not,, to oo outing, and ba took hex up to Olympus, They were both ion very forward state of beor, and in tho midst of the play a commingled Bhoufung and ocroamiug completely drowned the mimicry on oho stago, 'She doctor' and his lady got up a vary pretty quarrel on thoir own account, and- the 'sur rounding 1 gods' took good oare sot to over exert themselves as poaoemakecx, Wentworth set to thrashing tho fair one, &&dflho; nailed bim, like a wild cat, about ths throat. He waa half ohoked,. and toward off death by asphyxia bad bar up on the parapet in the aot of pitching her over into tho pit,, wbeu he was ponnccd upon by Chief-constable Sugdea (luckily In tho< bouse), and tho preckms pair were cooled by. a night'a sojourn. ia tbo watoh- . house, Thoy wero charged with yagranoy beforo the court next morning, ,w!fcen Went- wcxth by bia eloquence convinced the magis trates that, be wao possessed of lawful and visible moans of support .as a commission, agent,' and tbe prisoners wore discharged with, a caution. Tbe 24th of April beheld 5b o last of tbo- Pavilion as a theatre; foL-on thU evening, aftsc- - an exhibition of a very medicare character, the doors olosed never again to open for dramatic entertainments— und> oo it expired., and 'the Ghost walks A thoro' novor mare.. Several subsequent attempts were mado to obtain tba i&suo; of a Hoodbo, but all to no pur pose. The nomir ru&derwent; uiatther change, for tbe placo was. styled tbe Canterbury Hal),' where some, low class oonQQite, and an occasional publio mooting wore bold; bnt its doom was sealed and la a short time it waa- pulled d»wu, a'ndiBonrko stroet know it nob- again. 