TALES AND SKETCHES. DONAL GRANT/ . BY GEORGE MACDONALD. Author or alecf .Vouoes, Malcoi.m,&o.;, &c.; Chapter 1'.— Poox Farixo (Continued). Donal was novor in a hurry. This gavo him, in tho oyes of such as did not understand him, a look of Sony froid and indiffcrcnco, which was far from expressing him. Ho never would admit occasion for hurry, though often for promptitude. Tho teaching of his mother, still more from in- ward sympathy with her ways of thought, and from the evident and absolute correspondence of her behavior with her thoughts patent to cveryouo who know her, had greatly helped him to tako, liko her, tho words of our Lord as really moaning what they said, and as concerning him iDoro than any other things said or dono, Dow or at any lime, on tho faco of tho earth ; they were to him things ho hod no choicobut obey. Having led a simpio and clean lifo, in closo contaot with tho powers and influences of nature, never having soon at homo any contra, diction botweon tho thing spoken and tho thing dono, lio had a bettor start on tho journoy of lifo' than ono in a million of young men with whnt is called a Christian education. Ho was men tally and bodily in a condition such ns no com mon youth of our cities can l'orin an idea of, much less bolicvo in tho existciieo of when pre- ecutcd to him. Such arc tho men who, coming down from time to lime into tho mephilic air of tho so-calicd world, keep alive in it by living it themselvos, tho knowledge of tho truth which will at last save it. Those to whom at best it is but an invention for their own consolation of worthy, weak-minded men, will not hold tho idea long in tho company of such as Donal Grant. That the oarth was tho Lord's, and tho fullness thereof, had been more present than over to Dona as ho walked his solitary way. And bocause it was tho Lord's ho felt in heart and soul and brain that ho possessed it too— after no private inter pretations, but as one of the many childron of the great Father, no had not even a piacoto work in, but was walking with Him through His property to tho spot whoro Ho moant him to stop and rest and sleep. It seems generally imagined a hap pily exceptional thing a man to walk with God ; while superiority to superstition smiles at tho idea. But when wo rest upon and net from no thing hat the truth of tilings, then and then only aro we men, and neod not bo ashamed of boing creatures. Are these things for. tho pulpit, not for tho novel? As tho jntjiit generally 'prcsonts them they arc, iudced, unlit for tho novel, unfit for tho world, unlit for tho hiiman soul— and miserable, misrepresentations of tho All- glorious. Men will go without boing soot. Donal took again his shabby little volume, and held more talk with tho book-embodied spirit of Shelley. Ho saw inaro and moro clearly how he Was misled in his ovory notion of what Chris tianity in itself was— how different those who taught it to him must havo boon from tho evange lists and apostles. Ho saw in tho poot a boyish nature, striving after liberty with scarcoa notion of what liberty really is, Ho did not know that it was to bo found only in law— noithor social, natural nor moral law, but tho law of liberty— oneness with tho will and i design which aro our omstonco-rtheso no arbitrary appointment, no invention of even tho ono who .has tho power to Make, but 'reproduction in. 'created degrco of Uio same glorious necessities of existohco as'hm «wn-tho making of him in tho very image ofhis Maker. For tho truth of God is tho life of man AU%r«SWir' arraDgcul<""9 wi'h the author When the clergyman was long out of sight ho rose and went on, iind soon camo to a bridge, by which ho crossed tho river. Many well-to-do farmhouses ho passed, without inclination to seok of ono of them shelter or refreshment. IIo carried his breakfast as woll' as his suppor yet in his haversack, which his bag literally was, for it had little but oat cake in it. Sinco his last settling with himself his spirits had scarcely flagged ; when thoy did. for a moment ho had but to romind himself that his atmosphero did not affect tho celestial bodies. Ho was a pilgrim on his way to his divino fato — if only ho might never do aught to delay its coming, never cause tho wheels of tho heavenly chariot to drivo heavily. Tho night began to descend, and ho to look about him for somo plaeo of ropose. But tliero was a long twilight beforo him yet, during whieh to choose. His fcot alono were aching ; thoy would have aohed moro, ho said, if ho. had had shoes 1 It was a warm night, and would not be dark. Memory and hope joined sun to sun. For some time tho road had been ascending, and by- and-byo Donal found himself on a bare moor, among hoatlier not yet in bloom and a forest of bracken. Hero was a great beautiful bedroom for him ! What bettor bedstead could bo havo than God's earth and God's heather ? What bettor canopy than God's great star-studded night, with its airy curtains of dusky darkness! It was on tho samo that Jacob had his vision of tho mighty stair leading up to the gato of heaven 1 It was under ucli a roof that Jesus spent his lost nights on tho earth. For comfort and a sense of protection iio did not go under a roof, but out into his father's houso, out under his Father's heaven 1 The small and narrow gave him no feeling of safety, but tho wide open. Thick wallssbcltor men from the ene mies thoy foar : tho Lord sought space, and thcro his father. In such places the angoLs camo and went moro freely than whoro roofs nest faithless ness aud distrust ! If now-a-days ono hear a far- off rumor of an angel visit, it is from somo solitary plain where children arc left alono. The angels find it harder work, I fancy, to do anything for us in these days of sight and touch. Faith is tho electric spark that Icap3 from earth to heaven, making the current betweou tbcm complete. It goes now only in throbs aud fits, no moro in constant stream. Thcroforo wo arc miserable and mean, nor oven understand what is amiss with us ! The moor was table land. Donal walked along its pretty high level till ho was weary, and rest looked blissful. Then be turned asido from the rough track into tho thick heather uud brake, searching as fastidiously as somo do for tho best hotel in a place. But whim he came to a little hollow, dry as well as sheltered, with a great thick growth of his loved heather, its tops almost as close as tho bed on which ho used to sloop in his father's cottage, ho sought no farther. Tak ing his knife, he cut a quantity of heather and ferns, and heaped it on tho top of tho thickest hush in the hollow ; thou creeping in between tho cut and tho growing, cleared the former from his face, that ho might sco tho great worlds over him, and putting his knapsack undor his head fell fast asleep, and just as he fell asleep thought he smelt the sea. When ho awoko in tho morning, not ovon tho shadow of a dream lingered to lot him know that ho had been dreaming. All seemed a blank. But he woke with such a clear mind, such an im mediate uplifting of tho soul towards boavenly places, that it seemed to him no loss than to Jacob that ho must havo slept at tho foot of tho heavenly stairs. The wind camo round him like the fit material of which to mako new clean souls for tho children of God. Evory breath ho drow scorned like God breathing afresh into his nostrils tho breath of life. Who of tho chomist3 knows what the thing lie calls oxygon is? Thoy know about it, but it they do not know — just 03 a man may know a good deal about a man, j-ob, about (Ac man, and know himsolf not at all. Tho sun shone as if it were smiling at tho self-importance of the sulky darkness ho had driven away, and tho world scorned content witli its boing— contont with a heavenly content, no moro putting up with what could not bo helped. So fresb was bis whole sense that he did not feel the same neces sity for washing as when ho slopt in tho house. It seemed as if his sleep within and tho wind without had boon washing him all tho night, and being washed ho needed not to bo washed. So peaceful, so blissful was he, that his heart iongod to share its bliss. But there was no ono within sight, and ho set out again on his journey. Ho had not gbno far when lio camo to a dip in tho moorland, a round hollow with a cottage of turf in tho middlo of it, from whoso chimney camo a little smoke. There, too, tho day was be gun. Ho was glad ho had not seen it beforo, for then he would havo missed thogiory of his night's rest. The faeo of the modest dwelling was turned towards him, and at tho door of it stood a little girl in a blue frock. Tho moment shosaw him she ran in, unused to tho sight of a stranger, lie went down and approaehod to knock at tho door. But it stood wide open, and ho could not help seeing in. A man sat at a table in tho middlo of tho floor, his forohead on his hand. Donal did not soohis face, and his first thought was that ho was wait ing just as his fathorusod sometimes to wait a moment for the Book,; whilo his motbor got it down from tho top of tho wall. Ho stopped over tho threshold, aud iu tho simplicity of his nplif t ed heart, said, "Yo'll bogacin to lmo worship: I wad fain j'in'yo gion ye did nn objee'." "Nn, na," returned tho man, raising his head, and taking a brief, hard stare at tho applicant' "wo dinua sot up for boin' prayin' fowk i' this hooso. Wo Icy thot to thein 'at kons what thoy has to bo thonkfu' for." . " Ow, wool 1" returned Donal, "I hut thoueht ye micht hao boon gaoin' to say' gudo mornin' to yer makker, an' wad hao likit to j'i in wi yo ; for I konna what I baona to bo thankfu' for. Gudo mornin' to ye." " Ye can biclo an' tak yor parritck gion yo like." . "Ow na. Yo micht think I earn foi the par- ritoh an' no for tho prayers. No boin' a hypocrite, I like as ill to bo cooiilit uno as gion I war one. Gudo mornin1."' , ' ' . . " Yo can hide an1 hao worship wi' 's, gion yo like, to tak tho buik yersel'." ' ' I "I canna load wbaur there's himo to follow.' Na; I'll du bgttoron thpmuirmylano." But tbo gudowifo was a religious woman after hor fashion— who can bo after any ono else's ? Slio had boon listening,, and now appeared with tho Biblo in hor hand, and without a word laid it on tho table. Thus invited, Donal, who had never yot prayed aloud cxcopt in a murmur by himself on tho hill, felt that ho could not refuse, lie read a psalm of trouble, changing from a minor to a major key in the close. Then ho spoko as follows " Frcons, I'm but yoong, asyo see, an' novor afore daurt open my moo i' sic fashion, but it comes to mo to spoyk, and wi' yer loavo spoyk I will. I cudna help thinkin' whan I saw tho gudo man's faeo 'at ho was i' somo triblc— sielike may. bo as King Dnwvid was ill whan ho composed this same psalm I hao read i' yer hoarin'. Yo obscrvt boo it began like a stormy mornin', or ano raitlicr whan clood an' mists the inaist o' tho vccsiblo wnrl' ; but yo h'ard lioo it changed or a' was dune. Tho sun comes oot bonny i' tho on', an' yo hoar tho birds beginnin' to sing, tollin' natur to gio owor hor greitin". An' what brings tho guid man til's senses div ye think ? What but jist tho thoueht o' hiin 'at made him, 'at cares aboot him, Him 'at maun come to ill liimsel' aforo he'll lat ony thing ho mado como to ill. Sir, lat's gang Uoon upo" oor knees, an' commit tho koepin' o' oor sowls to him as til a failhfu' creator wha winna miss his pairt 'atween him nn biz." Thoy all wont down on their knees, and Donal said, " 0 Lord, oor aili father an' saviour, tbc day yo liac scnt's has arrived bonny an' gran', an' we bless yo for sen'in', 't ; hut oil, oor father, wo need mair the licht that shines i' the dark place. Wo need the dawn o' a spccritual day insido's, or tho bonny day ootsido winna gang for muekle. Lord, oor micht, spoyk a word o' poacefn' recall to ony dog o' thine 'at may bo worryin' at tbo hert o' ony sheep o' thine 'at's run awa' ; but dinna ca' him back sao as to lea' tbo puir sheep ahiut him ; fess back dog an' lamb thegithcr, O Lord. Hand's a' fra ill, an' guide's a' to guid, an' oor mornin' prayer's owcr. Amen." They rose from their knees, and sat silent for a moment. Then tho guidwifo put tho pot on the fire with tho water for tho porridge. But Donal rose, and walkod out of tho coltago and away, half wondering at himself that ho had dared as ho had, yet feeling he had tloao but tbo most natural thing in tho world. " Hooabody's to win throuw the day wantin' tbo Lord o tho day an tho hoor an' tho minute, is ayont me 1" ho said to himself, and ho hastened on his way. Nor was the noon past when the blue line of the far ocean roso on tho horizon. Chapter II. From tho two or three incidents of liis journoy recorded, my readers may see something of the 'sort of man Donal now was—not very liko most of the people they know, but not thcroforo tho less worthy of being known, for though many aro called — and conic too, in a way — few are chosen. Tho tasto of tho present ago is to hear of tho common kind, not tho uncommon, but it shall not from me. The story of the chosen must bo bettor worth telling than that of tho merely, called. Donal was very queer, somo of my readers will think, and I admit it ; for tho man who regards tho affairs of lifo from any other point than his own ready self must be queer in deed in the eyes of all slaves to their imagined necessities and unquestioned desires. It was evening when ho drow nigh tho point to which lio bad directed his steps. It was a litUo country town, not vory far from a famous seat of learning ; thcro Donal would make inquiry beforo going further. It was not so far from homo as to mako immediate return difficult, should anything hnppcn to rondor his presence thero desirable. Also tho minister of bis own parish knew tbo minister of tbo town, and bad given him a letter of introduction to him. The country around had not a few dwellings of distinction in it, and at somo ons or other of these there might bo children in want of a tutor. Tbo sun was sotting over tbo bills behind him as ho entered tho Iittio town. At first it looked but liko a village, for on the outskirts, through which tho king's highway led, wore but thatched cottages, with hero and there a slated hooso of ono story and an attic. Presently, however, began to appear houses of larger size, few of. them of moro than two stories, but most of thorn looking as if they had a long and not vory happy history! All at once ho found himself in a street, with quaint gabies turned to it, gabies with corbel steps, or, as thoy called thorn, corbie-steps, with somo occult allusion, perhaps, to tho messenger sent out by Noah which novor rctnrnod — in tbo minds of tho children, places for tho lazy bird to rest upon. - Thero woro ono or two curious gutoways with somo uttoinpts at decoration, aud ouo bouso with two of thoso pepper-pot turrets which Scotish architecture has borrowed from . tho Fronch chateau. Tho heart of tho town consisted of a closo-built narrow street with sovcral short closos and wynda opening out of it — in all of them ancient looking houses. In tho whole place was not ono shop-front, as it is called. Thcro wore shops not a few, but their windows were tbo windows of dwelling houses, as they had all bocn when tho wauls of iho inhabitants woro fower, and as their upper parts were now. Civilisation brings desires, which grow to wants, thon to imagined nocossitios, aud so bring oil weakness and artificiality. In thoso shops ono could get as good a supply of tho nocossitios of life as ill any great town, and cheaper also. You could not got a coat so woll cut, nor a pair of shoes to fit you so tight without- hurting as in some larger towns, but you would get first-rato work— hotter muoli than in many places of superior pretensions. This was tho town of Auchars — at least that is tho name I chooso to givo it. Tho streets woro roughly paved with round, waterworn stones, somo oo small that Donal was not sorry ho had not to walk far upon thorn. ' Tho sotting Bun sent his shadow beforo him as ha entered tho place. Ho went iii tho middlo of the street, looking on this sidoand that for tho hostelry to wbich.ho had boon directed as a place to. put up at, and whither ho had despatched his: . chest before loaying home,. Ono gloomy building, .apparentiy.uninhabited, specially . attracted his attention, for an involuntary thrill went through his spirit whom his oyes first fell' upon it.. It consisted of throb low stories, all their windows defended by iron stgnions, Xho- deer was studded with great knobs of iron, and looked as if it had not been oponod for years. A littlo be yond, and just as tho sun was disappearing bo- hind him, he saw tho sign ho was in search of. It swan; in front of an old-fashioned, dingy building, with much for ils share of tho old world look that pervaded tho place. Tho last rod rays of tho sun fell upon tho sign, lighting up a sorely faded coat of arms. Ils supporters, two red horses on their hind legs, woro all of it that could ho made out with ease. Tho crest abovo suggested a skate, but could hardly havo bcon intended for one. Thoy were tbo Morven arms. A greedy-oyed man stood in the doorway, with his hands in his trousers pockets. He looked with contemptuous scrutiny at him of tho bare feet approaching bis trap, lie had black hair and black oyes ; and bis noso looked as if a heavy linger bad been set upon tbo top of its point wbil e it was yet in tbo condition of clay, and bad pressed 't downwards so that tbo nostrils swelled wido be yond their base, liiidorneath \va3 a big mouth with a good sot of toetli, and a strong upturning chin. It was an ambitions and greedy face. " A lino day, landlord !" said Donal. "Ay," answered tho man, without changing tbo posture of ono taking bis caso against hi3 own doorpost, or removing bis hands from his pockots, but looking Donal up and down in tho conscious superiority caused by tho undoubted friendship of Mammon, and resting his eyes on his bare feet aud the trousers folded up to givo free play to thoso laborious oxtremities, with a look befitting the indication they afforded of what was to bo gained from their owner. "Thi3 '11 be tho Morveu Arms, I'm thinkin'?' said Donal. "It 'taksna muekle thoueht to think that," returned the innkeeper, " wban there thoy hing — ower yer heid thcro !" J'A.v," said Donal, " there's something there — an itsairms I doobtna ; but it's no a' body has the privilege o a fccnishcd eddication in horaldry like yersol', lan'Iord ! I'm b'un' to confess for what I kon they micht be the airms o' ony family o' ten score." Thcro was but ono weapon with which John Gluinui was assailablo, and that wa3 ridiculo . with all bis self-suflicicncy ho stood in terror of that— and the moro cavort tho ridicule, so long as bo suspected it, the more be resented as well as dreaded it. He stepped, into the street, and taking a band from a pocket, pointed up to his sign. "See til't !" ho said. "Dinna ye see tho twa l'eid horses ?" . "Ay," answered Donal, "I sco them weel encuch, but I'm llano the wiser nor gion they . war twa roid wbauls. Man," ho went on, turn ing sharp round upon the follow, "Yo're no eawpablo o' conceivin' tho.extonf o' myignoranccl It's as rampant as time reid horse upo' your sign ! I'll yield to naebody i' the amoont o' things I dinna ken !" The man stared at him for a moment. . "I a' ivarran'," ho said, "yo ken mair nor ye care to lat on !" "An' what may that bo owor the hold o' them for a crest ?" asked Donal, "It's a baso pearl-beset," answered the land- ami. no has not a notion of what a base meant, nor yot pearl-beset, yet lie prided himself on bis knowledge of the words. " Eh," returned Donal, " I took it for a skato!" "A skato," repeated tho landlord, with offended sneer, and turned towards tho house. "I was thinkin' to put up at yer hooso the liicht, gien yo could accommodate me at a rizzon- able rate," said Donal. "I dinna ken," rejoined John Glumm, hesi tating, with his back to Donai, hetwoou unwil lingness to loso a ponny aud roscntmont at the supposed badinage, which was in Donal nothing but. humorous good faith ; "What wad yo ca' rizzonablo ?" "I wadna grutch n saxpenco for my bed ; a ahiliin' I wad coont owor muekle," answered Donal. " Weel, nincpcnce than — for ye seemna ower- como wi' siller." "Na," answered Donal, "I'm no that; what- over my. burden, yon's no hit. The loss of what I hac'wad hardly tnak mo lichter to rin the race set aforo me !". " Ye're' a queer customer !" said the man, without the ghost of an idea as to Donal's mean ing. . "I'm no sae queer," rejoined Donal, "but I bao a kisl comin' by tho carrier, uirockit to tbo Moryen Airms. It'll be hero in time, doobtlcss." " W.o'll sea whan it comes," remarked tbo land lord, implying tho uhest was .easier for Donal to mention than for tbo landlord to believe. "The worst o"t is," continued Donal, "that I canna wool ahaw mysol' wantin' shunc. I hao a pair i' my kist, but that's no o' my feet." "There's sutors allow i' the toon, to mak shuno for a regiment," said the innkeeper. " It's'mcn'.iii no inakin' I'm in want o\ Wbaur docs. yer minister bide? Whaur's the manse, I mean." . " No far, but he's frao bamc tho noo ; an' forby ho disna care aboot tramps. Ho winua waur mncklo upo' the likes b" yon." The landlord was recovering himself, thorcforo his insolence. Donul gavo a laugh. Tho thoroughly simpio, those content to bo what they are, have tho less concern about what thoy seem. The ambitious, who like to be taken for moro than thoy ore, may well bo annoyed when thoy aro taken for less. "I'm thinkin ye wadna do muekle for a tramp aitlipr !" be said. "I wad not;" answered Glnmm. "It's tho pairt o' an honest man to discoontcnanco a' kins o' lawlessness." "Yo "wadna bang the.puir cratnrs, wadyo?" asked Donal.. " I wad hang a wheon mair of them nor comes aft to thownddie." '" Ye mean well, doohtless, but gien yo was ae day to.be in want yonrseF !" " We'll bide till that day comes. ' But what ure .yo atan'iu Uioro jawin' for? ' Doyo tak me for agype?: 'Are ye comin in,- orare ye.no?'.' " It's a somo cauld Welcomo ye offer mo !1,' said Donal. " It'struo I m' tirod, bul l 's jist tako a luik' aboot aforo. I mak lipmy mind. A tramp, yo ken, has na utau' itpo' ceremony j'.', "He has to baud a ccevil tongue in 's heid said Glumm. Donal turned sharp round, but tho man was already in tho house, and in the act of disappear ing down a phssagc. Ho turned away and walked further along tho street. 