, MOUNT OAMEEON (FROM OUR SPECIAL : CORRESPONDENT.) The drought still continues ; in many, parts water fit to drink is not obtainable.: Deep Creek, which. is one of the largest in the dis trict, and consequently flows longer than many other less pretentious streams, is, at the time of writing, watorlesB. , Rain . has threatened on a few occasions, raising tho hopes of thoso whose olaim» are thirsting for it,as it were in sport to dash them to earth again. The weather-wise prediot an unusually protracted drought. The North Mount Cameron T. M. Go.'s claims have been waiting a month for rain, all being in readiness since then ? to commence sluicing operations, this Company being one of the, most re'oent vonturaB in this district. ' I obsorvothat an occasional correspondent, in a recent issue of the Examiner speaks of the Esk T. M. Co.'s claims as holding tho 'premier' position; I devoutly hope it will prove worthy, of tho distinction, that the good (prospects on the old Eureka ground will be continuous, and1 thereby prove : an exception to the rule 'of ' patohinesa ' in this district. It is possible, however, that. your '.occasional ' refers to, the great expenditure of capital in opening up tho claim, for none will doubt that it has put more money into circulation than any other claim in the district. Wo aro told by poets and snges that all real enjoyment consists in anticipation, illustrated by Byron in the boy ohasingf tho butterfly, oh the plainB of Cashmere — when oaptured all its beauty hath flown. So,. there- ftwn if in #\nlv nliiinannhinnl fni* nn t.n r?ovivn mil. oomfort arM pleasure in anticipating dividends which are in futurity. There are a good many mining companies whoso directors, take this view and whoBe efforts consequently are direoted towards putting off as far as possible the con summation of inveatod cash, viz., dividends. 'Take the Ben Lomond tin mine for instance,. a property the great value of awhioh none, oan speak with any uncertain sound. See. the money .that has been expended (some. Bay fritterred away), nnd remember the sums that will yet be absorbed , before an, ounce of tin ? will get to , market. The calls of the past and: the calls of the future, like .the ghosts in ' Eiqjiard the Third,' 'another !, and ;y.et another!' pasB in grim roview ; tn'cfc'the recent action of tho direotors. ' ... 1 As you may readily, suppose the unutterably appalling atrocities of the Epping Forest mur derers form the leading, topic of conversation among the miners, and there, are low who do not think hanging by therieck till they are dead, 'dead, dead( far ' too meroiful'a punishment for such fiends. The tortures of tho middle ages — the rack, hot pincers, slowly roasting alive, etc., might well supersede the too instantanoous offices of the hangman. . Poor Alf. Holman ; many and many a time has he driven me in the old ooaohing days from Hobart to Launceaton, while his stories of the road., are still fresh, in my .memory las I sat listening to them on the box-seat through many a freezing wintornight. With the old colonel let us cry Adsuiri. . ???:'??..' April 17. ??'????:??? ? ?.??'?? 