PSYCHOLOGY. TO THE EDITOB. Sir — Since you kindly inserted some of my contributions on this rather interesting and advancing subject of psychology — the science of the human spirit in and out of the body — I have been frequently asked, and sometimes with unmistakable side glances and discom forting allusions, whether I intended to in trude religious and theological controversies into society. The simple declaration of my intentions may tnereiore guara me against further attempt'' at misrepresentation. I am always ready to discuss questions on the platform of sober reason, which discards authoritative claims of old partly-rotten parchments, but treats questions of truth with the light o£ nature's revelations. I intend no collusion with habitual and therefore chronic notion?, as little as a wise doctor would attempt to cure a constitutional disease, but I wish to state that beneath all the changing theories of spirits, ghosts, witches, conjurors, madmen, miracle-maniacs, &c.; (I gladly make a present of the whole sensation stock in the business), there remains the settled fact that ab normal conditions, mentally and physically, esistwhich cry for a hearing and investigation, and the indifference of the doctors to these conditions must be branded almost as treachery to humanity at large. Such in difference is certainly unchristianlike, since the Scriptures warn us not to be ignorant of spiritual gifts. Permit me to inform your readers that the real workers not the talkers in connection with the modern revelation — degraded spiritualism indeed— follow Christ's example in sacrificing their earthly blessinga for the benefit of progress and humanity, and in directing their new knowledge and the corrected principles of Christianity towards practical wants close at hand. So did Mr. W, Tebb, of London, fight untiringly in the attempt to abolish compulsory vaccination, to prevent friends of liberty who preferred to die an honest death or to be marked by smallpcx' to the chanco of taking another filthy poison into their systems. The lunatic asylums will ere long have the laws guiding them reformed. The threat astronomer and spiritualist, Professor Zollner, attacked manfully the cruelty of vivisection, and the Society for the Protec tion of Afiimals received new and powerful champions in the persons of converted materialists. In my profession as muaician I owe my success, where such regards my industry, chiefly to the influences of that new power and light which is produced by con tact and friction with the spirit world. Mediums, so called, arc the instruments, tool*. fools, and victims of invisible 'controls.' Cases of fraudulent mediums, impostures, &c;, have already lost their force of argument on account of the mighty increase of genuine phenomena. The mysterious ' controls' can and do entrance people for hours and days, nayi weeks. . I£ the doctors would turn their enquiries to this little trifle the terrible cases of persons being buried alive might disappear from the horizon of horrors. That proud ignorance of new warnings of ever-revealing nature cruelly postpones the time, however, and as of old rather prefers to stone new prophets than to separate the practical and useful from their at times too enthusiastic promises, to their own benefit. I cannot enlarge on all the hopeful reforms the new extent of nature's resources opens to view, but I bave, I hope, succeeded in convincing your readers that I crave not so much for tbeir interest in sensational mysteries as for humanity and PBOGR&SS.; 