SNAKE-CHARMING IN BARODA. The following story of snake-charming has been sent to the "Pall Mall Gazette" by a correspondent who is making a sketching iour through some of the states of north-west .India: — One morning I was strolling with a friend on the verandah, when we saw a strange figure coming along the drive — a tallish man,- in a scarlet turban, only, unlike the nsual solid turban, it was wound in serpentwise folds about his head ; a kind of loose, flame-colored shirt; a loin cloth, and the ordinary peaked shoe of the Easterns. Across his shoulders he carried a stout bamboo pole, between 5ft and 6ft long, at either end of which hung two bags1 of coarse woven sloth, colored a less vivid flame color.- As he came np to us we- saw he had loDg'blnck hair, twisted up like a woman's,- and secured at the left side by a heavy silver comb, whose back'- was ckased In strange patterns, and: shaped like a curve in a snake's body. In- his- ears were delicate ear-rings of silver, silver rings set with small green and red and white stones in flower- like shapes p on hie forehead was the red mark-iot the Hisdoo ; across the bridge' of ths-iiose, between the eyes, there was- a black and scarlet lice drawn' that Iboked like a fine silk: riband,, and a similar riband ran from the outer corner of!'each eye to the temple.- His face gavayou the impression ci his having been aim since the Flood his eye- looked - so if | they could not shut,, yet he had set a | wrinkle, and was evidently-young. is 1 hands were beautifully shaped,, with I delicate nails ; his- feet ware Mrong-anrl shapely too. My- frienefr said, '-This man will show you some: fun tor at tow , coppers.' So was hadi up on to. the -verandah, and the play- began. Me opened his bags, sat down on hiB haunches, aad proceeded io unpack The bogs aoutained each a large wleker, or rather , 'bamboo, lath basket, and nondescript bundles of many-colored cloth. The latter contained, a tin boa: full of live and I lively scorpions; some necklaces of J strange grey and red. stone ; pioce3 of I wood supposed to be auras for scorpion biteB ; round black substances hiie shin- . ius buttons — these are snake stone, and if laid on a cobra bite are supposed to cure it. The baskets ' contained also a large cobra apiece. He took out the two cobras and laid them on the- stone floor of the verandah. . I am not quite sure if he showed ub two or one at first, for he has been here many times since. At any rate, be took a cobra out, and let it squirm about on the floor j then he produced from bia bag a weird »ipe, \- ' ' made of a gourd, and shaped some thing like a bagpipe. The lower part, below the belly, is pierced with hoies, on which the fingers play. With this pipe he began tho most goblin rant that ever was heard ; tha cobra ceased writhing about, and gradually raised itself on its coils, swelled out its hoed, and slowly waved i s awful head Io and fro in front of the music, as if it saw the music. Suddenly the music gave a wild, leaping yell, and 'was not;" the cobra's head sank again, aud his hood shrunk into nothing. The demon snake man then remarked, pointing to a big 'boy; a servant of my friend, "I will bring a cobra out of that boy's cap." '- The boy had on a close-fitting, pork- pie cap, his head was shaved, and the re'st of his %£>ihing consisted, of a shirt. The man then took his pipe and began to - walk round the boy ; then on a sudden the air .was rent by a melody such as might sootno the damned ; it- whirled round the boy like a visible thing, but tho boy stood firm (not on the burning deck). Suddenly, .'again, the music stopped, and the ' man began 'to take off his drapery. He appeared for 'a moment au naturel, and there wasn't the ghost of a enake about them. He .shook out all bis clothes— -no snake. He- wrapped Jbj Join cloth around him,- ahci. -began again his devil's dance and his soul- killiiT" Pip0, once fi'om firsVto last did ho broach his baskets or tha: cobra to where I sat, ana, Jok a, 8?U PR10t rag of mine ; he put it Ou 8 8 head, and then shook it out, and l' back to me. (I told .you the boy's Cfti) fitted tight to his head, and his head was shaved). On went the whirl and yell, and, as before, stopped suddenly with a shriek. He stepped up to the boy, and wiih bis naked hand plucked out — where from ? — a cobra, which he flung : straight at me. The brute struck at me on the shoulder, and went shuddering down my log, where it subsided on the ground, hiss ing heavily. I sat still and laughed. He laid the new cobra by the old one, put both in the basket, opened up all his cldthes and baskets and things— there were two cobras now, and no more. Theq he took my pa Jt rag, laid it down against a pillar of the vfir'andah, went through the same music. When the music was exhausted, he walked to the rag, and plucked out a third cobra, which also .greeted me in friendly wise. There were three now! wo saw them all ; bnt my friend said, "This won't do He'll fill the place with snakes." 