AtHJ? WifsEnd. (By P. B. Stanford). "WE were all seated at the breakfas table—seven . dl Madame . Quickly*!) boarders—wtea I opened a letter that lay on my plate.. It was from a fellow boarder, George Macleod, and the iSrat sentences my gh.ncemet were: "It is all O.K., old fellow. Your watch find tiie fiddle put me through Good lack and a catastrophe came in at the aid like a special act of Providence. Brown is nonplused. Particulars hereafter." = / ^ I read this aload, and everybody burst out laughing. . . , - "Bravo! Ck>od for Qeorgel'* cried our autocrat, *'A faint heart ne'er won fair lady." 1 ' J. "No r indee4 (J " ^ . .Delaiqe, a stout lady at the foot pf the table. " Mr. Macleod is a h6ro. T ' " It's afi good as a novel," suggested another. " Thewholfeaffturought to be published in a book." '•,••• ;f, .•• " M pay' jadimssion 4o see ;ifliiat soirt of girl she JfeVr ^id a little dark at my right. •. ••;' -(•(• • •. (••• "Oh, she is nicofindpretty. y^inay besurel" dbelareai^s. Delainf^"^. l^acleod would not have J^n .ai hiB wit's end about her solongiJf 'she wtire not.". .'•••••. - r • That was a couple of years ago, ^hat morning at breaHait. • ^tepbnUy we all had an..opportunity to •judge for curselves of Mass Annette Lawrence's beauty, and l JjelieTO Jione tof ^is wtec disappointed, ^mce^iurning ft^om me wedding I SavflAaon tMnVing over me events mat binugfrtvit to pass. Per- Jiaps the^«ally Me'wbrth relating. Ourfnend George wijie desperately, in love with Miss Lawrence before he had even seen her, or even knew her name.. "While in camp one Summer among 1 the White Mountains he happened to find a photograph of her in a, «lump of bUiBnee; and from that moment she Was "theone teir womanbeneath the sun" for lum.' The pioture of courseliad been lost by herself or some one elsej. and without much reasoii or logic, George iped to the concluMon that the utiful ; unknown was among the uests at one or another of the neigh- hptels. , He haunted their fouring. verandahs several days, dined at each and all of them regardless of %^ense, wearied himself with innumerable games, of croquet on the lawns, , and finally even showed the photograph confidentially to three or four acquaintances he had made, and inquired, quite disinterestedly, .if. they happened to know her. . At the.end of two weeks he found out that another man was enamored; of her, a gentleman by the naine ;of Brown. He had met her one morning while strolling in the pioturesque region where George had'found' the photograph. She,was seated in the shade of a tree, making a sketch of the locaUty, ^nd he had a.n opportunity to admire her a few moments unobserved. As lie was about to withdraV quietly, a luoky breeise came along and whisked away her that, which lay ; DN the grass near a portfolio^ of drawings. She started' up, surprised and embarrassed as she saw'him, and then tripped off in jurauit of it. The wind, however, inally whirled the hSTinto a ravine uite beypnd her reach ; and Lurrying ast her, Brown climbed down therocks o reoover it. But he made A mis- Btep i nd feli, : and he either recollected or ancied' that Bhe jittered a little cry of y error, and looked down at him in t moment very ^ale arid frightened; At all events, when he-oartially regained his wits he found ier bending over him much excited, explaining hurriedly to a guide how the*.•;' accident ,occurred. That was his last visioibt'of: her. But he possessed her hat. • ., All this by way of prelude. When George returned to New York he' hung the photograph iii a dainty velvet frame over the , mantelpiece J - ,, in hisBmall, din^y r;-™/ offioe and declined Any explanation to hisj fiends.. But3rown, alio 6 icitizen.of the great metoQij^lis, droppfed in one evening to renew their aoquaintance and let out the secret." !, "He believed, he said, tilting ,himself back' in a 'chair and lifting a • cigarette,* that' ihe was a school-ma'fim.. : - ; . . r " Aschool-mtfam! 1 ' Geoi-gelooked '^p at the photomsaj^L -- ••' + ^ ifi flEuMand 'sohoola'ami," Bro^^nfintf^l ^gPiebam^ to the mountains, I aim very sure, with tjjie ctoyrd that lield the invention And (UBcu8sed all thingePon tho earth below pdin the heavens 'abovb, as you will ^ , , T, , , ' -~rj tables "at home and teaAes the^ybune W idea hpw to shoof! /i Vf&Jii.; orge stroked ius ^s^if«oloui»d ustache an^ ponjom^l^tgd; #he i picture houghtfully.- r 'Whot will ^ ^ turned out that he eventuaUy kept hiis word. Before six months had passed h$ uid George were rivals in earnest. ipii^wl^is^%6wever, they /i Bervarsl «6cial evenings together without the funtest notion of the future. Just ^•a G«orge was a new-fledged physioiftn; and .while he was waiting for patients he had plenty of leisure to praotiee on the violin and play Aess, "two; 'limusemejits tpt ..ToodnpGST'a. great deal of - his attention. - Brown, who possessed a Bmall fortune axid had no business in particular, could ; " tajk fiddle," and was ialso a capital ohesa player. So in a short time they naturally took a fancy for each other's sodety. They might have become David and Jonathan perhaps if Brown had not hBen. a little too patronising and oynioal. Although George was and still is rather a : big, awkward fellow thafiho very knowing man might.be tempted to take a liberty with, he has never 'been a person by any means with whom it would do to trifle. At last—there is nothing so sure po happen as the unexpected—it chanced one day thsit George reeeived a letter from a little cousin living on an island off the coast of Maine, remote from the busy haunts of strife and railroads. She frequently wrote to him, and there t was nothing surprising in the mere fact of receiving the letter; but'this particular letter contained a postscript, one of those fugitive afterthoughts that female correspondents are said to delight in, which astonished and amused him and finally excited his curiosity beyond bounds. In a few words it revealed to him that the school teacher on the island, a MiBB Lawrence, who was "ever ep pretty," had'notioed his picture in his cousin's album and believed that she had seen him at the White Mountains the previous Summer. George read this bit or information over and over, mightily pleased and_ perplexed. Then he took a turn or two up and down the office floor and indulged in a little quiet laughter all by himself. There was just the ditkdoy r ?f a possibility that the was the fair unknown. The only way to find out was to send the photograph to his cousin. This he proceeded to do at once. A week later back came the photograph and a reply Ao his iriguiiy. : It was her pioture. The good little "cousin was gnmtiy interested; it was"all^\so romantic^ Indeed,.', she was dying to tell Miss Lawrence or somebody else all about it; but she promised to. keep the affair a secret if George would mate her a vieit. Then she added, as usual; three or four postscripts, one-of which at. least acted on George like a shock from an overc)uarged galvanio battery. "Oh, by the way! I have not told you %md I almost forgot to Bay,"'she'wrote hastily, "that there is a gentleman in New York by the name of Maurice Brown who is in love with Miss Lawrence. He has been here to see her lately and writes to her:every week They say he is rich.*' Gooi^e crushed the letter in his hand and tossed it across the room.: Then he sat down before the fire, stretched out his long legs, -and fell to meditating. Brown wais a sly fellow, he concluded. Ten to one he. had known all about her from the first. He had money, too,and was good-looking to hoot. But he. -wasn't the sort of -man to make a woman happy; and he shouldn't have everything his own way with that one particular woman at any rate, if he could help it. In fact, he proposed to be on that island himself before he was a week older. •" • It was Thursday' afternoon while George sat entertaining these reflections. On the following Tuesday behold him approaching the scene of action, carpet-bag in hand. and dressed in a brand new suit of ready-niade clothes a size too email. As he stepped from the little steamer that had brought him, and landed him on Sky Island in the midst of the natives, the first person his nervous glance rested on was Brown. He stobdayBfd ortwo back! from the raowd, leaning on his cane and 1 J * * " staring , through his eye- glasses quite dumb with astonishment. Is it possible ? " he exclaimed the next instant, rushing forward. " Why George, old fellow, it's you as sure as Pm wive!" Bless my soul!" said George soberly, gripping his friend's hand. " Do my eyes deceive me? What in. the world has brought you down in this region. Brown ? " "What in the world has.brought f ou?" returned Brown, colouring a rifle. Me?" (innocently) "Oh, I've got s an uncle And a cousin hpre j : Pre come to visit them." " Well, I'm here—fishing," said Brown, hesitating a moment. " There's capital fishing around here." • j' So I've heard," George replied, looking at him rather slyly. " Perhaps we'll cast a line together." . Brown looked at him iiiquiringly arid then btirst out laughing. ' It had never oocurred to him before Ao think of George as a rival. It was 4oo ridiculous. He believed now howevpr, that he comprehended ' jwhat Gdorge meant, and. as .heapBsSdd his ar|n through his and walked away from the gaping fishermen, he was rather jopd-humoredly iurprisedi In fact, before they had proceeded a dozen ratals up the road from the wharf a •""icsome impulse seized hijn to bring 'ree, oarpet'bag, rMidy-ni'^ tloth^ fl.nflall into Miss Lajronce!s presence] atbnce- 'He^ wanted id &V; how the W4, awkward fellow would act. V^'T 0 . bro^t t1>e phoiiographi Ifl .-yp 08 ®' Old fellow?"he ventured to e v e n i n , ; , „ < { jjffne photograph ? What photogdoyou—" fooling. Her P f w You've got x»«f ^hote-1 ^ eye-j inally bof hearty laugh. " You have just arrived in the niok of tun? to see her at her prettiest," said Brown. , rit db the fair thing by you and introduoe you immediately. Come along. Letushupty." .. ^ Before <J8orge conld ofler any objeotiona to this precipitous haste, Browp seized his arm and led him off along a foot-path that branched away from the road and straggled'up over^a small hill. "It's the 1st of iilay. you know," he said,-" and they are celebrating the .gay .Up herp^ son' the g^a with a (May Queen. • I mean Bheatad hisrpiipils.*' -'Hold on.! Wait a moment!" George (demurred in eome confusion. But Brown retained his hold on his arm, and walked lum along a rod or two further in spite of his hesitation, " Now, then," he said, parting a dustei of biishes at one side pi the pa^h, " if yon want to see a pretty sight, look through here." . . George looked and beheld a scene that made an impression on his memp^y. A short distance picross the gTeen sod a orowd of chilclren, decked with bright ribbons and wreaths) were singing merrily while dancing in a circle around a May-pole. The queen, enthroned in a luxurious bower ot May-flowers, held them enchanted under her magio wand; mid near at hand, beneath the boughs of an apple-tree, stood Mies Lawrence with three little girls, watching the others and singing with them. Away beyond, over the glimmering ocean, the sun was sinking in the midst of "purple twilight." "Take a good look," said Brown, "for it will all be over in a moment." " It's like a scene }n a poem," George answered, as he drew back. They loitered some distance along the path, which was bordered on one side with thick bushes—Brown, having informed George,tjiat it was the,most direct yray across the island to where his cousin lived — and finally they lingered several, minutes to examine an oddly-shaped tree. Brown knew' that Miss Lawrence would soon appear on way hom& jat an opening in the bushes just beyond,, and he meant to meet her. When lie had delayed until -his heard the rustle of lier dress, he walked on with George around a bend in the .patjji, and suddenly enoountered bothher and George's cousin, a islend^r yoting girl' "with' freckles and red hdr, . ^rho was coming from the, opposite direction. . " Why,. George! " cried the latter, tripping toward him. "This is a BUTprise!, Where in the world have you oome from? I'm ever so glad to see you." ; In another moment George, red and confused, was aware that he was actually standinjg face to face with Miss Lawrence and that either his cousin or Brown was formally introducing him to her. She was really more beautiful, he thought, than the photograph represented her. "Mr. Macleod is an old friend of mine," Brown explained. " How odd!' said the little cousin. " I never dreamed that you knew him. New York is such a great big place that I was ashamed to even ask if you knew him." Miss Lawrence.eaid she believed that she had seen Mr. Macleod once before. "It was at Plymouth, New Hampshire, lust Summer," she added. "Yes, I was there camping out," George replied. " Mr; Brown was there also." She blushed a trifle, which reminded George that she was of course quite well aware of the latter faot. Indeed, for one instant, he wished that Brown had never been born. She was just the style' of beauty that suited him—a delicate brunette who might, have been the original of aMuriUo pbrtrait. As she stood there before hi m; her face slightly flushed and animated, she • seemed absolutely perfect. Her eyes were large, gentle, dreamy black eyes, and her whole manner was subdued, refined and confiding. He noticed that her forehead was low and broad, and that her soft liister blaok hair was wavy that, alio she liad had wnonlmJ rosebud l:— lips and j smiled -11 prettily, and that her figure was exceptionally graceful. It was growing dark rapidly; so they aused together only a few moments. S hen Brown went off chatting and laughing with Miss Lawrence, and the httie.cousiu turned towards home with George. Miss Lawrence, she tpld Mm, boarded wifli "Captain Jake Thomas's olks over on the other side of the r woods facing , the sea"; and Mr. u Brown, she also informed him, was topping with Captain Jake's brother, near by. The .next day George and Brown went a-fishing sociably enough, and in the evening the cousin invited Brown and Miss Lawrenoe to come over to her house. George talked and laughed a good deal, turned red every time Miss Lawrenoe looked at him, and finally managed-to profluoe some Uvely music on a melancholy melodeon toward the general entertainment. MissLawrence invited him and his cousin to call on her the following evening. In short, it did not take George long to get acquainted. men Captain Jake Thomas found-that he^could play the fiddle he speedily arranged to enjoy his company as often astime.and circumstances would permit. Tirt hiarty old captain had never encountered a man bsfore who could evoke'from his Cremona such hornpipe a* •George,,,could, _ and he . intended ,A 4 * 11 ® to end make ; of a; the wwk nibgt'w Prown Km. found ' * ttdtGeorge had become'about as Well .acquainted -at Oapfeun Jake's as he iimself had; He''hegan'io find hS promptly on hand at the old manV g , and ' he iSU howt Jto eliminate him from MIBS Lawrence's presence. She, her ptot,-- did not appear to ; derae to do anything of the kind. She ^MUei: . ^iorgfl's 1 jnusioal skill, u and the poets with •tly enjoyed the homage ' succeeded perhaps in o jealousy m^Brown. ,. ;o«ld not have admitted this. ^ It was his own opinion no doubt that he was simply amused. Yet the best amusement, of course, is apt to tore one if oontinued too long. One evening, in particular, when he had ensoonoed himself in Captain Jake's parlour and balieredjie hadimosjduL for several pleasanFhours undisturbed V»th J^fas LawtencC he^was probably a trifle vexed—to express it mildly—as the hearty pld Captain-brought iu the omnipresent,. ;<leorg». furthermore, when the Captain Vttonholed him one of his inteminable stories and George managed to ;lSUp : away Miss Lawrenoe to the openfrontcLoor, j usto^- Side the rooisphe undoubtedly wisfieffa Bmall earthquake .wj4d occur toproduoe a sudden change in thS arrangement of things. While -the Captain narrated with much enjoyment pertain adventures of his in a smack " off the Banks," he heard George telling her. rather frankly, the stoiy of the photograph. _ "And you carried it backtoNew York with you ? " die asked, making a preteneeofboingshockod. Ta be surt I did," George retjwnedimabaahed;" and I.hung itiip Jin a'fraine over mymantel-piece, whwe I oottld glance at it a hunued times a llfty." ' •:'• "The idea!" ," It?s hanging there now!" (hoiM continued. , Brown did not hear her reply. But he saw them both laugh; and as ahe turned her head to look back into tiw parlor, he thought she was extremely 1 pretty, with the warm pink in her cheeks suffused to a blush. Charge thought so top, and he was very grateful to the old Captain for pinning Brown down in the background 1 ana giving him the opportunity fo chat with her there in the pioonlight uninterrupted.' The following evening, however, Brown succeeded in having MisS liw'- rence quite to himself, ;Geprge constramedfor once to remain i&Jui; oo™" 1^ Brown talked of . ftetfety people in New York, indulged iu nttne reminiscences of travel in Europe; ^ tot 1 m fact, took thfe, paiiis to giVMaw Lawrence some idea of what sortof n. circle he moved in. He also managed' skillfully once or twice to afford hhSelf the chance to speak a little patronizingly of George, and , laugh goodnaturedly about him. Miss LawrenOe' was a trifle staid, though, and did nflt fall into his humor Jtist there, AHffiwttfjj jsomewhat impressed perhaps by,-^ ! worldly knowledge and social position, jshe kept herself shielded from intrusion hy the quiet natural dignity 'thit 1 Ihovfered about her. Brow? had mi' women in society Jae could talk to with: much more ease and freedom. - . -A Such was the state bf affairs afterthe, rivalry between George and Brownha4 xealty begun and was tacitly understood w both. Neither had any chance inflie day-time of enjoying Miss Law- - fence's society, for she was occupied With her sohool; t.nd during the evenings of two weeks each took caress well jas he could that the other did not' ! iengroBs her attention. George was holding out iu his anxiety with die hope that .Brown would be called back to New York by some sort of business connected with his property; and Brown was hoping that George would soon realize the folly of his ambition and , lake himself off to his fiddleand oherity patients. Before many days passed Captain Jake suggested that, for the sake pf variety, Mr. Brown and his friend,' together with two young ladies might find a cruise along with him iu his amack " Sorter o' Booial and pleasant.'! , w , — — —closed her sohool ; and they could take Saturday, which was her weekly holiday, to enjoy tjhemselves, and then return bright and early Sunday morning in time for ' 'fmeetin'." This invitation was accepted qt once; and on the followingPr&ay; about sunset thb Captain gathered them ^board his craft. ; " Somebody ought to begin immedi- > a,tely to keep the log," Browii su?< e^Htfifl. «« 11 I- v-1® cc A , , 0 knowing what a mrtoijp- of adventures it imay turn out J "Putdown as the fiist item;" said ! George's cousin, " that Mr. Macleod took .off his bverooat "and fastened it around Miss Lawrence's - shoulders to •)V keep her from shivering." "And say," continued Miss Lawence herseft, "that he would insist bn' jfift itj ^ughlreally was not a bit 1 "Say anything you like, Brown,"'< s^d George,"stituing down near Miss ' Lawrence, and stretching out his long legs. " We've cut loose from society and dry land and are going to make thisa voyage away from strict conventionality." Brown indulged in one of his critical smiloa, and sat down on a coil of ropo in the vicinity of his cousin. Away sped the smack toward the op^n aea, leaving a broad wake tapering. back in the trail of the- sunset. Already the island began to assume miniature proportions and the prospqet ' ' in My^ce^a hmitleBs distanra. xhe breQzd was jjist fresh enough to be]invigorating, and for ,an hour or mo^s all -went merry enough. But ab^iit thai : time ; Georgei to his; * great; disgust,, graduaUy became- 1 ' painfully aware that the .scenery^and MB; fellow-spectators were losing; all' charms for. him. He struggled man^ fully to be'a herd in the strife, tighi&ed; ' ^ his grip/on the tjuiiwale, pretendpd.to be scanning the horizon, ,ead , that dis- : tanbe lent Andhantment -to the - view 1 : Yet Ws iU to' no. pur- ; posje; his stAinaoh^waB against Mm-' ' 'j Why, Ge&iK;« r Wh&t;'sthe matter asted- his mnw^fiuddealy., Me stood,' « jale^s a ghost, and ^Brpwa md»>. % L £ «»bin, whprj j alone inhij iathoneof)ihi a ting at,jtWe,«p4 ^ateBriioj . Ate&wb;&Mlingihe; afeonitoso seBla dfetalylieil&b; timti tolightij 5 '^Mar-to ^ifoigltta oflofy, "Thf4eiik waL ;Brow»- Jfe«;, wdnight, bowr eror,' a strong feeling of jealo^syseized I Qeotg* and r lifEfeotea Mmforh wHilji HljKf&i;^aS^a^l J3e ctMjfad l^^^atijun, lij^P . ,-attempted to brace up; butiliie .'6fforjt ic^wflb hittt deithly faiiit. Bittingdowh step he was obliged to con- If : i&ere; ; teboiiuioiteij. irojfffl ?awl MiflS I»awrenoe ispetatingly 'aear each other 'aHu&hiBs; ; and he£o\ild hear Brown ^W^jn'ft low anft earneat yoke. Hie ,, 'OaplaSii 1 Jakp jdso fcad'i disappeared from the scene. • Gnly the iman at th« 'wheel andfcnother • : "'ojS tWB'lo6kout in the bow were visible, • jft" wak .dark; but the aij was quite clear and star- lit. After making .these •obsoiratioris he retreated for the night. 1 ' {To be continued.) 