HOBTBE&V; DISTRICT VES- X.EYAN CONFERENCE. The seventh annual meeting of the Ministers of the Wesleyan Church of the Northern District, South Australia, began in the Wesleyan Church, Port Augusta, on Tuesday, October IGtli, 1883. Pr.-Frnt:— Revs R. W. Campbell, (Chairman of District) B. G. Edwards, Thomas M Rowo, W. J. Carter, W. Reed, S. S. Monrrieff, J. P. Chapman, George Hall and John Nairn. J!cv W. II. Itofe was absent owing to domestic affliction. Key 15. G. Edwards warmly congratulated Rev K. W. Campbell on taking the chnir. Hev W. Reed was elected Secretary, and J. P. Chapman assistant. Arrangements were mado to hear probationers p each, and to examine candidates. The mini'ter I.as been withdrawn from Blinman by the President of Conference and Chairman of district. The resignation of Mr Blight from the Hawker circuit was received ; the same lo be forwarded to the general Conference. Wednesday was devoted to the consideration of the financial condition of the various circuits in the district—Itev G. Hall preached at 7 p.m. A lunch was provided at noon in the church, at which a large number of the lay representatives of the various churches, as well as the ministers, were present. The chair was occupied by Rev R. W, Campbell, the vice-chair by Rev W. Reed, minister of this circuit. On Wednesday evening the Rer R. W. Campbell preached the official sermon to an attentive audience, but owing to the early hour at which we went to press we must hold over further notice. On Tuesday evening Mr Nicholls, a candidate from Orroroo, preached a trial sermon, which was listened to with great interest throughout. He preached from 11th Prov., 30th, " lie that winneth souls is wise." He dealt with the subject in a plain and straight forward way, remarking that a proverb was understood to mean a wise saying, and the one under consideration is in very deed n wise saying. He contrasted gaining earthly and heavenly wisdom. The worldly wisdom knew not God ; Solomon's advice \vu6 good, easily remembered, and not difficult to practice. The world, the flesh, and the devil have their proverbs, and God has His also. Winning—Wc all have a desire in our natures to win whatever wo are at, be it renown, praise of men, praise of God or winning souls. Gain is the motive power of the world, each strives to gain what he considers of most value. Souls—the objects to be won—various explanations are advanced as to the nature of the soul itself. Ho, the preacher, understood it to denote the whole man man living, thinking, and acting, ae contrasted with the mere animal. As lo the value of a soul, God alone kuow6 its value, and He gave His only Son to die to save immortal 60tils, knowing how precious they are. The army of martyrs can testify to the value in which they lield souls; they preferred the stake rather than sacrifice their immortal souls. He that winneth ; undoubtedly man is the agent in God's hands for winning souls. God used Noah, Jonah, Martin Luther, Wesley, Whitfield. He not only uses men of superior talents, but, we «re all called to win soul*. One has said that prayer is the lever that lifts inan to God ; the more he uses it the nearer he gets ; the nearer he gets the more successful he becomes. Without prayer a Christian man is but BB it^were, a corpse, and no dead man can save life, nor can any dead Christian ever save souls. Why should we be earnest in winning EOUIS ? Because they are to live for ever, and to shine as stars when nionarchs arc forgotten. There arc many to win ; there is no need to look to distant lands; there is plenty of scope for home mission work among our own families. One 60ul won is gain to many— to the winner, the won, the Father, Son and Holy Ghost. Surely thU is wisdom ; to win such prizes ; such speculation is worth entenng upon. Let UB all pray that we may be wise in winning souls. The annual festival of the Friendly Societies, held in Strathalbyn recently, is reported to have been a greater success than UBUal. An instance of how far petty spite and jury stupidity can go was instanced recently at the Sydney Court of Quarter Sessions. A young married woman was charged with obtaining a couple of shillings from a man named Beard on the plea that her husband was ill, and had frwn ordered a plaster. It turned out that the representation was a false one, and Beard accordingly brought the action. It waa elicited during the trial that the prisoner bad been working for the prosecu or and that the money was partially or wholly due to her. Whether to blame moat tbe man who made the charge or the jury for bringing her in guilty is difficult to decide. The lowest aentenoe <was a yean' imprisonment with hard jlabor, -hvf (he judge promised to support , m petition fit S&G; e»d of three months for relets*. 