SOME AUTHENTICATED GHOST STORIES. By way of introduction to my handful of gbhost stories, the following letter of Ctecilius Pliny.-iay-be of interest, as showing how. thse mnatters were regaided by a Itoman gentleman who entered his twenty-iraf orear exactly eighteen hundred jears ago. Pjiny was a man of the world; refinedlitelligent, and eminenit no less for his practical good sense than for his large and varied erudition. He was evidently devoid of superstition, and; being compelled by. the: ehaascter of- the testimony to accept these things as fact, he Invokes the scientific assistance of his learne' friend Sara to settle his doubts, and.elp him to an explanation: "The leisure, my.dear Sura,'whict ie' ?ow enjoy affords me the ppportuity, f liearning, and you of teaching me, something which,I am exceedingly anxious to know-bamely, whether you think that, apparitions are real existences, possesling actual forn and ilip~ie natural power, or. the inere enipty and d.elii sive offspring of our fears. I myself 'am ipduiced to believe that there ate such thligs chiefly by what has happeied. 'as I learn, to Curtius Rufus Hitherto poor'asd'obecure, be had attached himself to the staff of 'the governor of Africa. W'hie walking for exer. cise in the portico one evening, there appeared the form of a woman of superhuman size and beauty. He'was very much alarmed as she announced that she was Africa, the prophe. tens of futuse events.-that he should go to Rome, enjoy high honours, return to this province as commander.in.chief, and there die. All this wa. fulfilled. Afterward, on arriving at Carthage. upon leaving the ship, the same figure is said to hare met him on shore. Being afflicted with disease. he at once, forecasting the future by the light of the past and auguring misfortune from his prosperity, abandoned all hope of recovery, though none of his friends had given him up. Is not what I am about to relate as I heard it, however. more terrible and no less marvel. lous. There was a house in Athens, large and commodious, butt unhealthy and of had reputation. Through the silence of the night there would come a sound as of iron, and, if you listened more attentively, the clanking s.f fetters, at first distant, then close at hand. Presently a spectre would appear-an old man enfeebled by emaciation and filth, with long beard and unkept hair. He wore fet ters upon his legs and manacles on his hands, which be shook as he walked. On account of this, the occupants had no rest through 'the sad and terrible nights. Want of sleep produced sickness, and death followed the increasing terror; for, although during long intervals the apparition would be absent, the memory of it would still wander before their eyes. and fear outlived its cause. Deserted on this account, and condemned to solitude, abandoned entirely to the'spectre, the house was nevertheless advertised, since by chance some one ignorant of the trouble might be willing to buy or hire it. The philosopher t Atbenbdorus yisils 4thens: he Feads the advertisement, hears the priceLtrifling be= cause of the suspiciouscharacter of the house 5 -inquires and. learns alLabout it;and, not. I withatandih --in'fact, for this'very eason- i hires it. A evening approaches, he ordera a bed to be prepared for him in one of the front chambers, demands writing materials and a light, sends all his attendants within and addresses his thoughts and his hand to writing,"lest*his-"ooccupied -,mind- should frame for itself .tbp.image of which. hehad, heard,; andl beget, grohndles 'terrors.. At first, as everywhere else the silenceof nighti then libh clangs,ý tid chains ime rattled." fie neither lifts his eye nor ch.c4?khs,pen, hbt becomes more resolute and listens attentively. Thent'the noise increasees approaches, 'and now is'heard as if on' the threshold; now as f .within'the room. 'He..looks up:" he. sees and'recognises the 'appearance -as describod to him. 'It is stanrding 'beckoning. with its fingerl as."if:cnalling him.. Ife-as s'would scarcely ie expected-.motiounswith his hand, and' proceodswith his writing. '" The spectre rattles itas?haine at` the writer's' head.' 'He looks oup' again; and sees;itt.eckoningas'.at first.. Without fuither delay'he takes up the light and: lollows..: The'speotre'moves with aslow step' as if heavy witiichains.lu Upon turning into .the'cosurt-yards itesoddenly deaiits its 'companion land disappears. Htie, left alonepiplaces .grassu and.gathered'.laves upon the. spotto.:marklit.'.Next day he goes to.the'magistrates 'andi advises themeto give! orders'that, :the! place. be excavated. Bones are:discovered, innerted into fetters and boundwith chains, thehbody, decomposed by tiine and the earth,.having left them bare and, dry..i-Thesoubonesi are: collected :and given a jublic burial, and thenceforth, the rites ofseuiolchure'having beenobtained, the house is disturbed.by' the ghost no more. Now, these things I believe .upon ;the word of those who afifimthem. , This (which I am about to.relate).I can myself affirm toothers. I havea'ifreedmn (:fUarcus) who is notan illiterat&man.; His.younger brother sleeping with him iunthe sampebed,:he, thought that he saw some' oneositting on ,the couch iand •flourishing a pair of. shears about the young man's head, andieven cutting.the hair from bis. crownr.; When daylight came,,,he was found with.the crown of his.head. shornand ,tho:bhairs lyingaround. A?hort inteiral lelapsed, and another .imilar ocourrenc' gave confirmation to thel,first:A. boy was.asleep ;in.-he dormitory, togethei' itl a numhi'bf .others.. Two men it ii said, clad inWhitc tunics, entered througl a window andsheare .him as helay. Thlien 'they let by thesaine ,way, which. had givenS them entrance.. The ,daylight showed this one also.shorn, nadth'e haiqlying,scatteredsaout. ,Nothing worthy of note, followed, unless, Iperhaps, the' fact thatI.escaped proscription.' I.hould' cer tainly not have done so had `,Domitianh (under whosigovergnment .these thigs?b?. curted) livedo longer,, for ino his writi'ng?de ,was found an ,indictment drawn agaianste, Cardis.. Friom ilthisit may hbe conjei ' that rhe" slearing of 'my servants may. havý been an indication'of peril.thireatened to iny self since itis clustomary t clip the hair off those accused;9gf crime. pply your eridi.I tion, I[ 'be you, then, to this subhjet,"ns 'a matter worthy your long and careful con-i sideration.- Nor am I altogether unworthy: to enjoy the advantage of your scientific' attainments. Perhaps you may discuss the: question, after your custom, from both sides. Do so, however, more earnestly on the negative, so as not to leave me in suspense and uncertainty, since my reason for con-i suiting you is that I may be relieved of my' doubts. Farewell." I have heard, in my time, as many ghost stories as most men, and not a few which' were as well authenticated as those above' narrated, and less easy of explanation; but: none have ever caused the least disturbance' of mind except this which I am about to! relate. I confess that it has left me very much in Pliny's position, and I should beh grateful to any erudite Sura whose scientific: ratiocination might suggest a solution of the: mystery. It occurred to a clergyman of the' highest standing, a man in vigorous health: and as utterly devoid of superstition andl sansationalism as any one I ever knew. I; shall tell ititn his own wordsas nearlyas pos-I sible; simply changing to the third person andi using 'tetiiou names of persons and places.I The Rei~:Dr. Baker is, and has been for, thirty years; the rector of a prominent parish on the Eastern Shore of Maryland. He is a resident of the town of Camden, and has-or, had,-some twelve years ago, when this hap pened-a mission charge in the village of: Venice, sixteen mileb distant, and between) these places hewas constantly on the road; About six miles from Camden was the country residence of Judge Silverton, a well known and venerable parishioner of thet worthy doctor.- This gentleman had been; dead about six weeks when Dr. Baker hap-. pened to be returning from Venice to Cam-. den one afternoon in a carriage with Mr.j Alden, it prominent citizen of the former; place. It was in' broad daylight, just about sunset, and not "far from Judge Silverton's gate, when a.carriage, drawn by a white) horse; papsed thimn rapidly from behind, and) was soon out of'sight. '"That fellow must be in a hurry to reach Canideli??'remarked the doctor. /" Dl.iou notice anything peculiar about) that vehicle? ' inquired his companion. " Only that it moves very quietly. I beard no soound i it wfet by." "Nor did I," said Mr. Alden, " neither rattling of wheels nor noise of hoofs. It is certaiply strange-" " ;r,, ;: , :,-.,r?, :.:s . In a id~i minutes the matter was forgotten, and the two drove.on. converaingaboutother things. , They. had proceeded about' hilt'a mile, .when:suddeuly the ,asme.hbrse and carriage again passed them fromn.behind, and' again in the same ahsolate.sileneci:nottiith standing the hardnles addt narroirnes of the rodnd.: "Nothing. cdild: be:seen: of the : driver except hisufeetjthe carriage-certain' hidingl his body.?:.Thera was no cross-road by:which' a vehicle inl.front couldipossibly:have'gbt behindv withoqtrmaking. a'. cicuit.aofohnany miles'and conuniingimay hdours, Yetither was 'not the least doubt' that: this:was thd same..conveance '.which :only a dittle: while previous:had passed .onlbefore,qand the twd 'gentlemen looked at, each, other in: blank amazement;,and with a certain suggestion of awe which prevented mauh discussiohnof.the matter, especially 'as th'b orse: uwas 'to all appearance the well-knowne white habitually driven by the ideceased judge. Another hdalfJ mile brought them in sight of.Judge Silver ton's gate, when; for the third time~:.the ghostly team dashed by-again frommbehiod -in the same mysterious silence. :This time, however. it tur?ed, toin full view, into 'tho judge's gate. Withouta wordofcomimentthe doctor quickened his horse's speed, and reached the gate only a few yards behind the silent driver. Both Mr. Alden and himself peered eagerly up the long, open lane.lead ing to the house, but neither:carrisge nor wheeltrack was visible. though it was still clear daylight, and.there was no outlet from the lane, norcould any.vehicle: harve possibly, in the time occupied, have accom plished half the distance. In' the'simple language of Pliny, :'nothing worthy of note followed." The peculiar featurea..of, this strange incident are that it was equally and simultaneously evident to two witnesses. both entirely unprepared for any such mani festations, and differing widely in tempera. ments, habits of life, mental oapacity, and educational attainments, and by mere acci dent making this Journey together, and that to this day both of them-switnesses. be it noted, of the most unimpeachable credibility \--nttest it, and fully corroborate each other, but without being able to suggest the slight eat explanation. The case is respectfully submitted to Sura, who, having been teal these eighteen hundred yeff, mtny be able lo account for ft The following was related' to me by the getileman to whom it happened, and whom I shall call Mr. Kennedy. It was mentioned in the most commonplacq.wayin,theb.ordin?g ' course of conversation-not as a superoatural occurrence, but simply as a singular and puzzling experience. B "How do you account for it1" asked a third party who was present at the relation. "?' I-deonot .account for it-'t all,'-replied the narrator; "there are a great many thingswhich nodoubt have someexplanation, but which I do-not understand; and this.is , .There is a lobgs and very marrow strip of wooded land, ,klown as ' Peg Alley's Poit,"' situated between the ,main stream of Miles Riveaind one of the navigable creeks which flow-intoit. .'This little. peninsula is about two, miles longfrom'fimtyto two or; three hundredilyards in width,:bounded .by.ideep water-and overgrown with pine and under brus?.: There is atradition that many years ago a.party o:-Baltimore oystermen camped on the point, among whom was a man named Alley, who had abandoned.his. wife. The deserted,woman followed- up .her husband and found ,him at the camp,' where some words;passedibetween them; the, result of whiehiwas,thatbthe man induced his.wife to follow him into a thicket, and there murdered her with a club.-. The point has ever, since been.known by Peg Alley's name, and her pertnrbed.apirit has been supposed to haunt the scene of her untimely taking off. "MIr. Kennedy :had lived,:from' boyhod on..the place, and had never given a serious thought to the story. ! Two or three years ago he had a.party of rail-splitters at work on the point, theoforeoianof whom finally refused to go back.,declaring that queer-things happened down' there, and:,that he had seen a ghost. His employer:laughed at binm, and dismissed' the matter from his mind. Sometime after. this;,, Mr. Kennedy had- occasion ,to ride: through :thewoods. one afternoon to look after some sheep,.there being butone road, and the -water on: either side. :As -he ap-i proached the point, hls horse started- vio lently, and refused to go on, regardless of whip and spur. ILooking about for the cause of ,this unusual fright, he saw a woman rise up,froma log on,which she had been sitting,! a:few yards in advance, and standby the' road- side,:,looking at,him. She was veryi poorly. clau in a faded calico dress, and wore a limp-sun-bonnet, from beneath.which her! thin,jet.black Ihair straggled down on her' shoulders ;!her face was thin and sallow, andl her-eyes black and piercing. "Knowing that she. had no business,there, and occupied, in' eontrolling bia-horse, he. called to her some-. what angrilyto get out of the way, as the' animal was afraid of; her. She turned and' walked into the ,thicket,;:without a word,' looking back, at: him as-,ahe went, ,With' .muchedifliculty- h forced his horse. to the, .spot,'wishing.to find,out,wbo the intruder .might, be,,but no, trace of any one could be' found after,a careful. search,' although-there was no place of concealment and no possible way, of escape, 3or.which,-indeed, there was hnot sufficient time.. Mlr. Kennedy declared' that the thought of Peg.Alley never entered .his mind until.that moment; but, upon find .ing that no.one was onthe, peninsula besides: iliimself, he, turned his horse homeward with. .out looking'further after his sheep, and with, a decidedly sympathetic feeling. toward the: irecusant rail-splitter.., . Admitting: the undoubted credibility of the witness, it may be; said that this.casoe is easily, explicable under, SirDavid Brewster1s, theory of the objective projection upon thd visual, organs of-a. .subjectively-conceived image.; But it is:,acarcely possible that, in .sound health,,so pwrerful a mental impres sion could exist withont the individual being conscious of any.such impression. and with. out his having ever, heard a description of the dress and: features which he yet remem bered afterward with .ll the vivid accuracy of.reality ;. . Not far from the scene of the above-men ,tioned adventure is the old family-seat of the .Tolmans, one of the, most prominent. names in .the. community. Its site is, one of the most beautiful in. all this region of lovely situations, and charming water-views. The ancientbrick mansion stands on an.elqvated lawn, around which winds the silvery thread of a land-locked stream, over the farther bank of which dance the sparkling waters of a broad estuary,flashing its blue waveleta in the glance of the summer sunshine, or tossing its white-~.ipped, billows in.mimicry of the angry sea. The gleam of white sails is never wanting to'give vaiety to the picture, and the sunset glories are unsurplssed.by any that the hand of Nature ever painted on the skies of Italy. T:inthe 'dead l alm of an August evening,: when the lifted oir rests on the gunwale, unniilliig to break with its dip the glassy surfac, ?ne has a'strhiageC dreamy sense of beinh ?isusended midmway in space. the gorgeous sky being exactly reflected in illimitable depth'by the still water, until the charm is broken by!the-ripple of a school of alewives of the gliding back-fin of a piratical shark. In this lovely home the family were wont to assembloeon'the occasion of certain domestic celebrations, and it was at one of these that the followingincident occurred : All were gathered, except a favorite aunt of my informant; who ewas detainediy serious sickness at her'residence, some fifteen miles away. It was iin' the, early afberubon when one of the ladies,: who'waa st&siding; at an open windo' suddenly eT?iiniied; "Why,' there. s Aiunt i-illy iossingtti? flower gar deh I" The rest'f th'epi?'y approached the window in great snrpnse and there, sure enough, distinctlyseen and recogniesd byall' present, wis' the :lady, in her ordinary cos tume, slowly walkingi among, the' flowers. She paused and :looked earnestly at the group, her features' plainly"'visible, then turned and disappeared amid the'shrubbery. No trace pf' lier presence being discoverable, a gloom overshsdowisd the party. N?ote was taken of thel.exact.,time, and a.few hours later a messenger arrivedson horseback with the news of,her,deatli at that hour. My informant, a lady now, somewhat advanced in years, was a weligrown.gir at' the time, was present, and.hasa perfect recollection of the circumstances.;: : In the neighboring county of, Dorchester, not far from the, broad inouth of the Chop tank, stands "C tld' Haven," an' old resi dence around ?hieii' clu ster man local tra ditions of 'tti? m idt 18l'. It is a quaint old brick maiisi?ii, the sriaius additions to which atdiffereiit' ~d ls 'animiddits style of architecti?e decadely oinmpsite, and was at one tjime'th' iesidbnde of Bishop Kemp. who m'arri'd a'danght?irof its 'owner, Colonel Noel. During"the invauion of the Eastern Shore by the British in 1813, when Sir Peter Parker was killed at Culk's Field; ih Kent, and a royal canon-ball: embedded itself in the old oakl near St. Michael's, in.Talbot, giving:name to the village of "Royal Oak' (neither oak-nor cannon-ball being extait at this present writingi, afoesraging-party landed at Castle Haven from one of His Majesty's ships. ,Upon entering the house, however, they saw upon the walls two handsome paintings of King George III. and his royal consort, Queen Charlotte, and, loyally re specting the Hlanoverian numina, they left without disturbing the property. The por traits are still pnreserved by a descendant of the family in Baltimore, Of course, such- a house must be haunted; buts, as we are con cerned only with authenticated ghost-stories, I will give but the one which alone meets the requirement. The old house, being vacant, was rented for the summer by a family desiring to enjoy the refreshing breenpa an beautiful outlook of the broad water. The lady who relatedl tq o?e the experienco-a woman of high antd oultivatol intelligence and s?rong oharacter--uponu arriving with er'yluge infant, was told by her brother, who had been there for some time aloas, that hes only objection be had to the house was the fact that- he could get no light to burn later than one oilock a.in. Hlowever well trimmed and fll of oil, peecisely at that hour the be ~.uld i?-,rin b v ot,~,.;g h lahgheý at theidea, utnobi0 upo waking in the early morning that her night lamp was not burning. The next night, the haby being, as babies will so often be, very rest. less, she was kept awake until long after nmidnight.-At the stroke of:one on the clock downstairs the light went suddenly out. It was immediately relit, but she was scarcely in bed before it was aain extinguished. At "hli? 'aime tiiii~i though the door was locked, there tva'the sound of a woman's footfall in the.room, accompanied by a distinct rustling, as of one of those heavy brocaded silk gowns which 'ldies wore in the olden time. The footsteps approached the be'd and paused for awhile, then' they stole. away towards an alcove in which was a low rocking.chair nepr a window that looked out on the river. A mnoment'after, the motion of the chair was plainly audible, and with it the regular jing. oling' of keys, as from one of those chain tunches which housekeepers in the ancient days were wont to carry at their girdles. Presently other steps crossed the room toiward the ilcove, and then a whispered con. iersation began, one of the voices belin apparently that of a young lady, who seemea to be giving her elder friend an account of a visit just made to Baltimore. Incidents were recounted of the voyages by packet to and from the city, names were mentioned of 'people prominent in local history over a cen tury ago, questions were asked and answers 'given concerning the price (in sterling cur. rency) of 'inany lodg-obsolete articles ol 'domestic economy and wearing "apparel, all called by their quaint old-time names. This continued' until near daylight, and then ceased. The unwilling auditor dragged out a' most uneasy night, and positively declined 'to' occupy the room again without a com panion; hbut the, experence was never re peated. There is one more, which does not properly belong to the class with which we aredeal ing, hut the substantial consequences of which appear to be sufficiently well anothen ticated to establish a connection. At " Plain Dealing?"'on a fine creek of the same name which empties into the Third-Haven, stood an old residence, now replaced by a modern house, where a blood-stain was shown in the passage near the foot of the great stairway. Three generations or more ago it was owned by, a wealthy English gentleman, who had an only daughter, whose grave is still to be seeif'there. There was bad blood between him anti' a neighbor, the ancestor of a still 'prominent'family. One night at an enter. tainment this gentleman was present, and, when the wine had flowed quite freely, the guests were .horrified by their host falling 'headlong over the balusters from an upper floor.' He was instantly killed, and left the inevitable, ineradicable stain above men 'tionred. So much is veracious history. It was whispered, however, that the fall was no accident, but the result of a scuffle mo which' tlse hostile guest got the upper hand. The house was long unoccupied, and the farm was let to tenants. Not very many years ago one of these told a strange story. His young son, while driving home the cows one evening, was accosted near the grave yard by a gentleman in quaint and unfamiliar attire. On the next evening the same thing occurired.' The' boy's description was so 'accurate that' the idea was suggested of taking hinriinto the old house to see the family 'portiaits, when he immediately pointed to that of the gentleman who had met so tragic a fate long years before, de. claring that he was the man whom he had seen; The shock brought on convulsions 'and deranged his 'mind. On the next even. tig the father met the apparition as he was performing the duty heretofore entrusted to his 'on,' followed him into the graveyard, and received instructions from him where to dig and find a large sum of buried money. He diddig as directed, but never revealil the result to any one. Now, the authentic part of all this is that, being a poor man, he very sood after purchased a farm and paul for it, and became independent from sources which no one 'could trace. The ghost-story is accepted as satisfactory by the majority, but there are some who hint at the possible discovery of 'certain 'valuable old papers, which were' shrewdly turned to account, and which suggested the supernatural adventure o: a' plausible explanation of the fortunate 'result.-Robert Wilson, in Lippincont's Maga. zine. 