sam's sweetheart; BY HELEN B. MATHERS, Auibor of " Oomx' Thro1 the Byr," "Cherry &FB;,n etc. BOOK VL CHAPTER Xll. — COKTDTUED. Sue had thrown her head back, and there was no love-light in her eyes now. As she looked at him the colour had come back to her lips and cheeks, for she had acted nobly according to her lights : and nohlv. indeed. she" now shone in her lover's eyes, as at last understanding, he caught her in his arms and kissed ha: passionately. 'How daze you !' she cried, putting out ha whole strength to free herself, and feeling that she hated him, but he only held her the faster, and kissed ha the more, with the heart-hunger of ova a year press ing upon him. Letty, Letty, Letty,' he said, and at his voice she, ceased to struggle, feeling vaguely that ha ship had come into harbour and that the last half hour had been only an ugly dream, and pride was good, but love was better. As be held ha from him for a moment their eyes met, and then ha arms went round each otha, for between them was that deep true lore that howsoever they might fall out, howsoever snffer, there was no trouble or smart on earth that might not be healed so their hearts beat together. ' Bnt are you going to be married, Bobbie V whispered the girl presently. Yes,' said Bobbie, I'm going to marry you.' 1 When ?' she said, thinking of Guy. Next week.' And then he told ha his great good news. Chapter Xlli. — The Scorxek Scobsed. 1 The boys are not coming home to dinner to-day?' said Amos, when he found only Cynthia in the dining room at half-past one, and where is Tiehy ?' he added, look ing round. Cynthia put ha finga on ha lip, and leading ha fatha to a side window that looked on the kitchen garden, looked out. A young man and a girl were standing among the gooseberry bnkhes, looking as if each found the otha the most beautiful object in creation, and, indeed, the son never shone on a happia, handsomer pair. My dear, eald Amos, nervously, 'that „ joung man looks to me like Bobbie Sands, and what can he have to say to Tiehy among the gooseberry bashes?' A great deal, raid Cynthia, putting ha \- hands behind ha back, and showing a pretty colour in the face she turned upon Amos, « they are going to make each otha happy, fatha, and us, too — and Guy into the bargain. But this is very premature, my dear, said Amos In a tone of rebuke, it is not at all handsome behaviour to Guy, and I cannot possibly recognise such £set sod loose conduct. I suppose this jonsg man will be Mefrirtoreof "The Weekly Times hxve IjgiwjMefiB w right of palfllBbiBg thig novel is ( l ooming in presently — and I do not wish to be unpleasant, so you can Bend me some bread and cheese to the study. When Guy formally releases your sista, then there will \- be time enough to talk of entering into an engagement with this young man. There is to me something indecent in rushing oat of one engagement and into another at a moment's notice in this way, and I fear she is making herself cheap, and that is a pity. I am not pleased with" Tisby, my Gear, not pleased, and so saying the Rev. Amos retired. Perhaps his absence did not greatly check the joyousness of the trio who presently sate down to the frugal board, while the tale of Bobbie's great good lock furnished more satisfaction than the finest meats and wines in the world. Amos in body rate apart, but in his secret heart he was glad of the fret, though not as to its mode of accomplishment, and once or twice he Emiled when the sound of those young distant voices reached him, bet was a" little surprised when presently after a knock hie door opened to admit Bobbie. The young man came humbly enough, and told hew accident aione had brought about his happiness that morning, upon which Amos relented somewhat, but refused to recognise any engagement between the young people till Guy Trefasis bad released her from his promise. Till then Bobbie must not meet Tisby either openly or privately, nor should there be any engagement between them. 'But, sir,' cried Bobbie, whose face had lengthened with each word, ' she doesn't even know where he is, as likely as not she won't even get a line from him, or eee him between this and the wedding day, when she won't be there,' added Bobbie, savagely, ' for I'll run away with her myself first 1' ' I did not know he was so careless and neglectful a lover,' said Amos, with troubled looks, ' I never desired the marriage, but she has given him her promise, and he alone can give it her back.' Bobbie stood downcast — he had entered all fiusbed with happiness, as debonnair and handsome a young man as woman's eye could desire, but the prospect of waiting three mouths for Tisby'e lagging bridegroom was more than even love could endure. ' Did you woo your wife like that, sir ?' he burst out, suddenly ; ' do you think a man deserves any consideration from a lady's hands, when he treats her as Lord Thor has treated your daughter ?' ' Tishy 'a mother was net ambitious,' said Amos, gravely, ' she made up her mind for once and all when she deliberately chcse a life of poverty by my side. Had her daughter been equally steadfast, she would have no need to ccmpl∈ of the conduct cf a man who must have known for what reason she accepted him.' Bobbie looked round the room — perhaps for the first time he realised what Letty had volun tarily given up when she offered to share the poverty that she believed almoEt equal to this. Thank God,' eaid the young man, heartily, ' that she may now have love and a competence, too ; and I will wait three months for her, sir, as I would wait ten years. Bnt if he comes home before the time's up, I shall tell him he can take a back seat, for she is going to marry me, and you shall marry me to her next day, sir, by special licence.' Amos looked aft the impetuous young man and sighed. It seemed so long ago that he was almost as young and nearly as im petuous. He went to the window that looked out on tiie moor, remembering how his wife and he had stood there together on the evening of their home-coming, the chilly outlook, the bare room, beautiful to them because of the joy in their hearts. I may go to her, sir?' said Bobbie. ' She is expecting me, and, I am sure, did not anticipate your opposition. I cannot come here again in defiance of your commands, but, no doubt, we shall meet in town and the voung man bowed and retired. ' There is no keeping young lovers apart,' thought poor Amos. ' A brick wall is nothing to them — they will drill a hole through it end calk to one another ; but Guy is remiss — very remiss. He has conspicuously failed in his duty towards my daughter. And then, having performed his own by Bobbie, he put on his hat and coat and went out by the front door, not knowing the won derful events that were juEi then happening in tbe kitchen garden. For that day was to be one of surprises, and hardiy had Bobbie entered the study, f and Tishy hugged her sister, then flown off to the garden to muse on her happiness and await her lover, when Cynthia heard a man's firm tread ctoes the hall-door threshold, and come straight on to the room where she was. It could cot be one of the boys, and yet no stranger would enter in that way ; but when the door opened, she found herself iaCe to face with Guy Trefusis. Guy I' sfce exclaimed, and started back, while her breath came quickly. We did not expect you. We ' I suppose not,' be said, taking her cold hand. But when I got to Mrs. Tranecme's house last night, tbe servants told me I should find her here, so I came on at once — like an eager lover,? he added, laughing harshly and bitterly to himself. An eager lover ! Ay, he looked that, if a man expects to find death, not love, at his journey's end ; if he hurries forward to meet no sweets from loving lips — no tender breast upon which to lay his aching head — but rather to embrace a cold spectre that stands between him and his heart's desire . . . yet even as Cynthia's cheek paled to see the . ravages that suffering had wrought in him. she saw happiness for him far beyond, and spoke : You would like to see Tishy ?' she said. ' She is oat there in tbe garden and she pointed through the window to where her sister was dimly visible, her back towards them, her arms leaning on the low garden wall. He went without another word, and Cynthia's heart went with him, as with clapped hands she stood stock still, praying that Bobbie's interview with her father might not be over for a few minutes yet. Tishy heard those manly stepB approaching, j and a smile etole round her Hps, For a | moment she shot her eyee, thinking of the j I change in his fortunes that bad come since she had last heard them. Then sheturned, and, with arrnB outstretched, said, in that voice of love that knows no imitation : O, my darling, what along timeyon have been!' , % , Guy recoiled like a man who has got his death-blow, and Tishy reoofled too, so that she bumped against the garden wall, aha as nearly as possible went over itdiackwards. Then pat her hand before her face- perhaps to hide its joy, or its tears, or laughter — how could he tell ? , xT_ ,, ' Tishy,' he saidt abruptly, and she thought how barah bis voice W&8, and how sweet the one that said 'Letty;' and Guy, catching that exquisite look of happiness on her h&ii-; hidden lips, faltered, then forced himself to go on. I have come here to-day to make a last earnest attempt to persuade yon to end an engagement that can only end in the misery of us both. Will you be generous, and give me back my freedom ?' What would you do with it ?' said Tisby , taking away her hand, and looking np, the mirth of tbe April morning in hex eyes, and dancing in the dimples of her lovely, joyous face. I should go and find the woman I love, and marry her.' Well, go then,' said Tisby, jumping up briskly, ' but — but you heard what I called you just now?' Here she turned her back on him, and her body became gradually shaken by what must surely be sobs. ' Can you — can you with a clear conscience go to make her so happy, and leave me so — so miserable.' Good God V cried Guy, in heartfelt misery ; ' my poor girl, you don?t mean to say — to say thai you — yuu love me?' Haven't yea done everything to— to make me iove you?' said Ti=hy, with heaving i shoulders torced upon him ; could your de— devotion and attention, and — and loving letters in your absence fail to win my heart ? I should be ungrateful indeed if I did not tru — truly love you !' For a moment Guy stood aghast ; then he burst cut laughing. 'It's all very well for you to joke,' said Tishy, in a voice th&t;trembled, ' I've given you leave to go to her, but pray what is going to become of me?' ' I will settle ten thousand a year on yon if you like,' said Guy, eagerly, and then you can be hsppy with that good-looking young fellow I raw here in January ; for as to your being in love with me— why, the idea is riaicnloos !' Very, said a voice behind them, and both man and girl turned to see Bobbie in the path. ' I never believed it myself — and the fact is, Miss Trefusis, I settled only this morning to get married as soon as possible.' In that moment of blessed relief which opened out to him a vista of heaven beyond, Gay put his arm round Tiehy's neck and kissed her lips with all his heart. 'Sir!' cried Bobbin furiously. ' Don't be angry,' cried Tishy, running to Bobbie and taking his hand, ' he never did it before — aid you, Guy ? And he never will again — unless you give him leave,' she added, as she rubbed her free against his. For a moment the two men looked at each other ; then, simultaneously, their hands went out and met in a close grip, and from that moment to their death they were loyal and true friends ; and in time Tishy grew to love Guy as if he had been her brother. But that ten thousand a year was never settled upon her, though Guy consoled himself with hopes that he might some day be a god father. Chapter XIY. — Alios aim Gut Agreed. The Bev. Amos was detained abroad much later than usual that afternoon, and did not, indeed, reach home till past six, being met on the threshold (to 1 is intense amazement) by Guy. Some wild idea that Bobbie had summoned his rival hither by electricity crossed Amos's mind, as he shook hands with the young man, relieved to see him looking so bright and happy, albeit haggard, as one who had suffered much. 'Perhaps you have heard,' said Amos, nervously, as they crossed the hall together, 'about Tishy, that she has changed her mind ' No,5 said Guy, ' not changed it, but only gone back to her original one. He is as good a fellow as ever lived, and I wish them happi ness with all my soul.' Dear me,' eaid Ames, as they entered the dining room together, ' this is all very fortu nate, and I shall be able to wish them happi ness too, when they come in,' he added with some shyness as he looked through the window at the lovers' enamoured backs, ' but where are the boys ?' he added to Cynthia, who ju&t; then entered, and where is my little Miss Sweetheart ?' I told the boys they might stay out late,' said Cynthia, blushing guiltily, ' and perhaps they have gone farther than they intended,' which was true enough, for in going so far afield they had been betrayed into a most signal disaster. ' Who is Miss Sweetheart ?' said Guy, as Cynthia poured out her father's tea. 'Did not Tishy write to tell yon?' Amos, looking as confounded as most people are at finding their joys and sorrows unknown to the world at large. 'It is quite a little history.' ' She is an aborigine. said Cynthia, as her father floundered painfully and blushed ; and then she went away, leaving the two men together. 'An aborigine! said Guy, the colour leaping to hie cheek. ' From what pare of Australia does she come ?' and nearer than ever to hie longing soul seemed Ynntha, now that he knew one of her kind actually dwelt beneath Amos's root I dont know,' said Amos, setting down his cup. ' Ail I know is tn&t; she is Jpbn Trefusis's daughter.' Guy started up. A weight seemed to roll from bis shoulders, and Yuntha came nearer yet, as he cried: 'John Trefusis married after all, and this girl is his heiress ? She is an aborigine, consul,' eaid Amos, gently ; ' and I believe marriages between her people and whites are not legal, even if per formed, and we have no proof that any such ceremony took place.' 'Then why is she here?' said Guy, stepping short in his stride. To see tint you are doing your dutv bv the estates,' saia Amos, simply. ' It seems ' that ha laid this charge on the gizi wbm hi died, but when she has seen yon and ful filled it' (and here Amos's voice faltered) 1 she talks of going home.' <8fae will see me soon enough,' saidGuy, carelessly, ' and can go back with me if she likes (for I shall be starting for Australia m a few days), unless she would like to remain and nurse the estates for me. And why should there not be a coloured Countess of Thor?' he added, looking keenly at Amos. ' If "he were good and beautiful and made a man happy, why should tbe world despise her because sfce is a few shades behind the stupid pink and white of an Englishwoman ? Perhaps Amos did not see this insult to his daughter's complexion, for he was thinking of Miss Sweetheart's clear, glowing skin, beside which an Esglieh brunette looked dark and cold, just as his own cheek was like parchment to her fairness. 1 see no reason why she should not, i cousin,' said Amos, blushing for his match making thoughts, yet even more for the yocmg man who seemed to have so swiftly arrived at a prudent decision ; ' but this young girl might pass for an Englishwoman— her skin is so clear and beautifal, and she has blue eyes, S3 all the Trefcsises have.' And if you could only Bee the girl I ha7e in my mind,' cried Guy, striding about, and not listening to Amos ; so lovely, helpfal, sweet — and honourable, too, in her dealings with other women beyond belief — O ! sir, there is not a white woman living to match her in purity, bravery, and truth !' Amos caught his breath, then said : Your speech would sound like a fable, cousin, but that my little Sweetheart is jast such another as you describe, and I blame myself for ever having thought ill of these savages, whom one must admire, not despise. And so you love one of these peopie ?' he added, and sighed as he thought of Sam's S weetheart. ' Yes,' eaid Guy, for the first time showing some signs of shame ; ' your daughter never loved me, and in Australia I met a young girl who saved my life, and whom I learned to love. I offered to remain there and let those at home think me dead, and she might have consented to this had I not told her of Tishy.' Amos thwaght o Mist Sweetheart, and sighed. ' She sent me back to fulfil my promise,' said Gny, ' and I came here with the mar riage certificate in my pocket, but resolved to throw myself upon your daughter's mercy. She was cot here, but in town she refused to release me. The rest of the story you know. And now I am free to go to her ; to tell her I come without dishonour, and were she ten thousand times browner than she is, I would bring her home and place her at the head of the house.' Amos looked at the passionate young lover and nodded — he could understand all this frenzy for an aborigine now that he had seen Miss Sweetheart. ' Is seems to me that the yoong women ont there are very excellently brought np,' said Amos, ' and might teach us fathers over here some sober lessons that it would be well for us to learn. Dearly as I love my own daugh ters, I cannot but see in them an absence of that spirit of sweet dotifnlness and generous self-sacrifice that guides each actum and thought of our little Sweetheart.' ' I am impatient to era her, said Guy, for a moment putting aside the intoxicating sense of his own bliss ; ' and I most be leaving you soon, sir, as I have some arrangements to make before leaving England early next week.' ' To-morrow is Easter Sunday,' eaid Amos, gently. ' Stay with us to-night and over the Sabbath ; it will give you time to acquaint yourself with your new cousin, and has desired greatly to see you.' ' Ah 1' said Guy, coming back from the window, to be sure, she will want to cross- question me — and who knows,' be added, laughing, ' but that she may turn ont to be the zeal heiress after all? And then, my dear, sweet, lovely, precious girl' — and hie threw out his arm as though to seize her — you'll love me for myself, as I love you for yours — and I'll find you if I have to beat every mile of bush, from one end of Australia to the other !' Amos looked at the young man in astonish ment ; why, Bobbie was nothing to him, and he had never before seen his quiet, self- contained cousin in the least like this — his eyes flashing with light and love, his lips eager and laughing as a school-boy's, his whole bearing that of one who longs to be up and away, knowing that out yonder true heart and eyee counted each moment till his | return. t As he gazed, Amos thought sadly of what j a pair Gov and Sweetheart would have made, i it struck him too as extraordinary that there should be two young girls, brought np among < savages, both so duteous, well-beloved, and j lovely. . | It is late for her to be abroad,' he said, j approaching the window, arid looking out i anxiously. j The dusk was enfolding all, and in her I cloak of grey had alresdy hidden the lovers' j figures, a chill wind was blowing np from the fields, and Cynthia looked like a ghost as j the stole from the gloom o! the room behind them to Amos's side. ' Father,' she said, timidly, I am getting a little uneasy about the boys ; they have never j been ont so l&te; as this before. ' j And I am uneasy about your cousin, ! raid Amos, in a tone of gentle rebuke ; they j are strong and hardy, but it is cold for a ! young giil who thinks only of wrapping up J other people's bodies warmly, but never of ! her own. j Cynthia thought of the boys baskets that f she had so recklessly filled with all the meat j and food she oould lay hands on, and of how ! she had whispered to Sharer : Stay out as j long as ever you can, so as not to interfere with the lovers I Bnt now, seeing how early | in the day things had settled themselves, she wished with all her soul that had j mcderated her commands. 1 But tbe night drew In, and tire lovers had j at last sought the house, which was empty of j Guy, who had gone out to look for the missing 1 party, while Amos, faithful as ever to the ! duty that lay nearest to hinit rat in his fire- | lesa study, writing in patient p?n the con- > elusion to his Easter Day sermon. Then he i came cut, and he stirred as no one had ever seen tbe parson stir himself btSare; 4 but, though many a knm lib? a ' will-o'-the-wisp over Che mootTtk31! they danced in vain to light ttmw 1 Amos's Sweetheart and his fire un?1 1 lads. I (to n cosmrcxd.) 1 