ST. PAUL'S CHURCH. VISIT OF BISHOP STANTON. The announcement that the Right Rev. Dr. Stanton, Bishop of Northern Queensland, would preach in the above place of worship was the Tnp^pft of drawing a numerous congre gation to the church on Sunday forenoon. The BiSHOr, after conducting the usual f nfrrM^ tu'Li ^1*1 services, and before ?^ginning hit sermon, said be could not forbear to express the pleasure that it gave him to find himself a visitor to the town and a fellow worshipper with them in St Paul's Church on that day. He was the gladder for being there then, although the absence of the incumbent deprived him of the pleasure he had antici pated of conferring with him on matters relating to tie new church and other things, because he found he could be of some little service in coodnctuig worship that day. He remembered well before proceeding to his diocese in the north, and when he called here, bow much he felt cheered with the spirit that was tiuo shown, and the happy interest He, therefore, bad always felt an interest in church work in the town, and was glad of the opportunity when passing of dropping in here. He was extremely glad to nod the pro gress which had been made daring the two or three yemrs of his absence, in the erection of the new church. He bad lately been in Victoria, where invitations carried him about a great deal ; and he was also in New- Sooth Wales, where invitations again carried him about, bat this enabled him to eay with all frankness and without flattery, that the chnrch here when it was completed would hold ite own with some of the pest avenge churches in the southern colonies. He believed it would confer a very great benefit -juite oot Eide their own congregation by leading to the erection of other*. They knew that where there was a row of houses standing, if one begin to be considerably repaired or rebuilt how it threw at once into the shade the houses on either side of it, they in their turn were polished op and repaired. Therefore he was persuaded that it would give an impetus to church architecture, and introduce a similar spirit into places round about, and certainly into his northern diocese. He knew, ten, that ft would confer a great benefit upon its congre gation. He need not point oot that the build log they were thea worshipping in wonld require to be considerably repaired to be merely habitable in a. few years1 time, but a larger building, the very architecture bespeak ing die purpose to which it was to be conse crated, for the congregation to worship in, ?wroiia become as an engine of church work very effective, and a factor by which good works would be grafted and shaped. He honed aa invitation would soon read him to take part in the con secration of die church here, as be had done in Maryborough. The Bishop took «s the text of his sermon John IV, 13—14 :—' Jesus answered and said unto her, whosorer drinketh of this water shall thirst again ; bat whoso drinketh of the water that I shall give htm it shall be in him a well of rater springing up onto everlasting life.' Our Lord's conversation with this Samaratan woman dealt out, he thought, a. very salutary lesson to those who with her entered into religious controversy. The conversation had not proceeded far before the woman found she wu in the presence of a prophet. The very fact of the Lord being a Hebrew and holding intercourse with a woman of Samaria, lifted him Ear abore the crowd of Hebrew society. There was, too, a newness about his teaching, which contrasted favour ably indeed with that of others. But the woman herself was an adept at religions controversy ; at all events she was thoroughly np in the burning question of the day, which was to her mind, on which of two hois did God prefer to be worshipped. Now that she found herself in the presence of a prophet she thought it was the time to settle it She would drag the Lord into it, she would deck him out in all the opinions of the time, and see what He conld do with the Question of. the day. No matter though her own private life was spent in sin, soiled as her fingers were, she deemed them clean enough to handle the delicate threads of religious questions. The Lord looked her throogh and through at a glance ; hia penetrating eyes scanned her heart, her, life, her history^ and like a strong light he turned its rays full upon her. He tanght her that her own heart must 6rst be ready. Just as with the microscope they must 6 ret adjust the lease ere they could see an object, bo the heart, the conscience, and the mind most be made ready, before they conld deal with religious questions in their | true aspect. Jnst so it was with a scientific in quiry ; there must be a sympathy between the subject and the object. In the absence of a right heart and a right mind, there would be all kinds of mistakes and blunders. It was something like Chinese pictures — admirable in outline, wonderfully deep and rich in colouring, bnt absolutely grotesque by reason of the absence of the laws of per spective. As the distance was lost, the diffe rence between threat an. I small could not be seen, and so all kinds of blunders were perpetrated. The little child as booh as it began to think, hoped and longed to arriv- at manhood, and it seemed to stretch ant its little arms, and to make its little fee* go into more manly strides, in prospect of arriving at that stage of existence. At last it erp&oded; into boyhood. jmd again longed to be a man. Arrived at manhood what did he say ? Why, be said that childhood'* day's were after tU the happiest davs, as the child wished itself to be a man, the man would, as it were, contract himself to tbe dimexuoonB of childhood, and live again the days of his youth. A nun imagines that if he could only make a big pile, live in a manflioa, bare servants at his command, and do jost as be pleased, be would he thoroughly happy. He spent half his lifetime in attaining a fortune, and having done eo, what did be find. He found that do amount of money could command health, that it could not give him peace of mind, sad roiand about him* hundred claims cose tip, of which he had not the ghost of an idea. He found, also, someone who ?wroold not be very sorry to hear of bis death, so that they might get his money. Men were apt to think that life in a quiet corner was not happy. A man stood, as it were, at the bottom of a ladder, and bit by bit he attained a high posi tion. Arrived there what did he find ; he found that the higher he went, the heavier were the taxes he had to pay— the taxes to public opinion, to public criticism. He conld hardly do a thing without attracting public attention, and having a verdict of good, bad, or indifferent passed upon him. Sis was a very giddy height, and very great would be his distress if he stumbled. Men, as one of the wisest thinkers eaid, were like children dabbling with their feet on the fringe of the watersof tiie ocean. Man was very complex; and if they took him to pieces they would see that he was composed of four parts or pieces. He had in the first place & wOL the power to resolve ; in the' second a conscience ; in the third an intellect capable of searching after truth; and in the fourth affection, or the emotions of the heart. Tbe will, the con science, the intellect, the affection made up the four parts, the four sides, which hold man altogether. Jnst as a plant in order to grow, must have a boQ adapted to to its nature, it stood to reason that to command success and happiness, a man must seek after that which was adapted to the instinct and faculties of bis complex nature. Because Christ had done this, tbe second part of the text was also true — that whoso went to him, and believed in him should receive happiness indeed. In tbe character of a great man, such as Wellington, there would be found a very powerful will. The will was the power of saying 'I will' or 'I will not* Nine tenths of the evils into which men fell* arose from them being unable to bend their will to suit ctrcuststancss. There was in our Lord's day a school of thinker* called the Stoics, who framed a form which should dis cipline the will, that was based upon the principle what could not be cured must be endured. They made, so to speak, an an iron frame, into which they thrust the wiU, making it obedient to outer circumstances. Christ had dealt with the human will, so that it twisted and shaped itself to the conditions of life. He had treated it in such a way that it retained its strength, and yet made it so pliant and elastic, that it shapes itself into the circum stances of life. St. Paul said '* I have leanit in whatsoever state I am, therewith to be con tent,14 Just like riding in a baggy with splendid springs over a rough road, so was a will that would bend to circumstances, and leant a man in whatsoever condition of life he might be, therewith to be content. 'Con- science, 'it was said, 'makes cowards of nsaU.' Tales were told, and fears entertained of haunted booses, but these were long ago exploded. But what had never been exploded* and never would be. was a haunted mind. Io the stillness of the nignt it would start up and give torment. He would rather live in a haunted house all his life, in s place deep and and thick with traditions, titan have a haunted conscience for ten minutes. Herod was a hinnfiM man. When he heard of a man being in the wilderness doing woodrous things his conscience started np and asked the ques tion ' Is it John the Baptist whom I beheaded.' Christ cleansed the conscience and turned a foe into a friend, and a man went about full of the best love. Tbe rev. preacher then dealt with the mind. No person travelled in a steamer without first knowing whither he was going ; no man went along a road without knowing what road it was. No matter how high a man might stand in human repute, no matter how rich he were, unless he asked him self tbe question, ''Whether am I going?'' would he have happiness in life. A man mast well consider what way he was going, as he held life upon an nurenewable lease. Let them lose no time, as they were only tenants at wflL Jost as the pioneers crossed the great continent of Australia, aod left their footprints for others to follow, so the Lord Jesus Christ travelled tbe unseen world ; and the Bible was the map with its outlines sufficiently dis tinct for their parpose. It was to guide oar affections. The heart that wu fall of bitter fruit, what did he convert it into t He con verted it into a lovely garden, full of flowers that abed their fragrance all around. The preacher concluded with an eloquent perora tion on preparing for futurity. At the evening service. Dr. Stantoa preached an excellent sermon oo ' Faith,' from the texts — L Timothy, I. ch. 19 v. 44 Holding faith and a pood conscience,' end L Timothy, IIL ch. 9 v. 'Holdingtbe mystery of faith in. & good conscience.' Shortly after the service the Bishop took his departure for the North. CaTCHTSc Tabtahs.— There comes a story from a Cairo paper to which the Italian saying xi non e vero ben trooato may certainly be applied. It runs as follows :— ' The Bedouins were greatly puzzled by the garb of the High landers, who, they came to the conclusion, were not soldiers, but the wives of tbe soldiers. Distance of coarse encouraged this delusion, as bare legs were obviously more discernible than the men's faoes, cohered as these were with veils. The Bedooins noticed that the soldiers' women camped by themselves, and they resolved to go down and Bpoil the infidel soldiers of their wives ; and a body ot them actually went, with a result which must have added to the wonderment of both, for tbe British harem turned oat with rifle and bayonet, and very speedily thirty or forty of the amorous Bedouins bit the dust. After this episode the soldiers' wives were not again attacked by Arab Sheikha, who wanted Co re plenish their harem* with English moooCaces.' 