AN INDIGNATION MEETING. [?FROM A CORBESPOSDBST.] Uxdoubtedly the most remarkable of all remarkable assemblies over assembled in Bris bane or elsewhere, might have been seen by eyes keen enough of vision from 1 to 3 o'clock one morning about a month ago, on the un occupied piece of land at the junction of Creek and Adelaide streets, adjoining the Presby terian Church ? un assembly of horses gathered for the purpose of i entitig their feelings con cerning wrongs under which they assert they groan. Ihe night was fitting, nor dark nor light, for, although the moon wm shining, masses of cloud of varying size and density ?were continually passing before it, the effect of ?which was that while there were glints o£ moonlight, thete were rendeied fitful and brief by the passage of some cloud mass of light obstruction. Tho night winJ blew freshly und coldly, causing' now and again the shadow o£ the ghost of a shiver to be evident among the less favoured and fleshy units of the strange gathering. Ihe conformation of the land is such us, by its basiu-likcness, to give effect to such a scene as that which I desire to depict. Over all its surface was the crowd scattered, down on the lowest level of tno indentation, and on tho tides of the border-slopes up to the summit, while tho atone wall, cold and gloomy, of the church, und the darker, though winner, wooden walla behind, formed fitliug and effective background to the scene unique. And what u gathering was there ! hones from all p jints of the, compass, and of all degrees of attractiveness and repulaiveness. The finely bred carriage horse- to whom the safety of His Jlxccllency is entrusted ; and his fellow ? stabler who has it as his especial duty to carry His Excellency's popular daughter j there stood, with arched neck, the high-stepping horse o£ tho Premier; and happily by its side, guiltless of political animosities, stood the long strider of the leader of the Opposition ; there, too, were tho dipper quick stepping ponies of the President of the Council, and by their side, guiltless o£ Christian hute, the sleek, proud biy of Bishop Dunne ; huge tluck-limbcd dray horses from the stables of i^arbury, Limb, and Co., and other eqiully famous quarters, consorting for the nonco with tho dashing yair which every morning takes a noted stock and station agent into Jilizabeth street ; standing beyona, und side by side, were heavy, thoughtful drjy horses from private draymen's homes, aud cab horses of all degrees of heartiness, right down to apparent heart Issjness ; some clean and priol a3 any in the crowd, others which appe u-ed to be the objects of but spasmodic attention ; omnibus horses, too, of eveiy degree of misery, from the new recruit in that woeful service, down to broken winded, spavined, shoulder-galled, side-wealed, worn-out screws. From Gregory Terrace, from the Valley, from New Farm, from f-pring Hill, I'etrie Terrace, South Brisbane, Weet End, they had come, moved to their coming by some strong intent, and here at length they stood making one of the weirdest strangest sights hobgoblins ever gazed upon. That they should have been uble thus with one consent, upon on* night, to come from Buch va-ied quarters, can only be accounted for by the supposition that the universal joy which prevailed in conse qu nee of the outrageous thrashing which the local eleven had that day administered to the English eighteen, had led to a universal for gecting to lock or to close stable doors. ') here hud been some delay, a somewhat pro tractod waiting for tho horses which had either a great distance to come, or which had by various causes bem hindered ; but at length, just after the poet office clock had struck one, the whinny of impatience had ascitmed so sig nificant u character and tone, that it was decided to commence the busiaois of tho night. Tho innate loyulty and gallantry of the assembly lei to the election of the horse of tho governor's daughter as presiding animal, such choice b.ing, moreover, justly founded on the well known fact of thut animal's intelligence and faculty of facile speech Proudly did that horse step to tho stund of honour at the point where the. aforenamed streets do meet, and in a clear voice naid, 'Fellow hor«es, I have to thank you for the high honour you have con ferred upon me, and I promise that I will try co to conduct the business that you shall have no cause to regret your choice. I need not waste your time in seating at great length the reason of our gathering ; we are here on grave business, and J. am sure you will deal gravely with that business. Our business is the dis cussion of the many grievous wrongs which our race suffers at tho hands of the raco which, as I think, arrogantly and ignorantly styles itself ' the higher,' and to endeavour to resolve upon some action by which our wrongs may be lessened. I ought frankly to Btate that 1, as an individualfhavo vorj little of which I can fairly complain j mymistressiaoneof the kindest of wasters (that word is used intentionally — after Sir Arthur Helps). She herself treats me with kindness, talks with me, fondleB me, attends to my food, and is very rarely harsh ; true, the groom is at times a little sharp, but I cannot, I do not, complain. Do not, how ever, imugine that because I have scarcely a personal wrong to complain of, I am insensible to the bitternosi under which some of you groan. I am not ; 1 feol deeply for you, hence my presence here to take part in this meeting ; a meeting of a similar character to those which men who fancy they havo grievances are ac customed to hold, and which they, I believe, cull indignation meetings. I have done ; all I now ask is that all who dotire to give utterance to their sufferings, wrongs, and endured cruelties, will no s - promptly, briefly, and to, the point (A general whinny of satisfaction). Glancing ovor the assembly it was evident that tho brief silence which hero followed was not the rcsu't of all-round happiness and free dom from ground of complaint. ' Tho silence was broken at length, and it may horo be Baid that throughout the meeting there was no other interval of tilenco, the recital of woes being in this case like the letting out of water, of which Solomon speaks. T7p the Blopo camo a vigorous and fairlvcon ditioned auimul and said:— 'Mr. President, Although tho wrongs I have to talk about urn not so bitter as Borne we shall hear of before wo go back to our stablos, yet I havo some reason to complain, and am horo for that pur poie. I am a hansom cab horeo, and I can tell you my life is not so pleasant and happy as it it might be. Ono thing I'll speak about, and that is that while wo all seo how careful preciouB man is to shelter his precious head from sun and from rain, by verandas and umbrellas, ho doesn't seem to care a bit about us. I, liko others, stand hour after hour at the Edward-street and other stands, in pelting rain and fiorce, scorching sun shino ; no shelter for us — oh, no t we aro but 'lower' animals, sunstroke, shivers, blistered backs, no matter what. Wo aro only horses Now, I protest against this. Then, my owner — he is by other drivers called 'a flash' fellow,' that is to say, ho sits on tin box behind the i*ab and tries. to look very big (at least, so some of my friends tell me, of course I can't seo him) - ho carries a whip in his hand with an awful thong, and he keeps bringing tint down on my poor sides (don't 1 feol it now !) in such a fashion that I sometimes fee' he will some day. break my ribs, and, the worst of it is, I don't know what it's for. I do my best;, and then he belts mo most. 1 wish I could change places with him ; I'd like to bo on tho box now and again, and havo him in the shafts. 1 sup pose tho h«rd- hearted, flash wretch would sometimes fancy a. spider .web had tumbled on him. That's all I'vo got to say, at any rate all I will Bay. I wish I and my master could change plnces now and again — just now and again ! ' Almost before cabby's voice had ceased, up marched one of the large dray-horses, and said, ' President and mates, — Perhaps when you look at mo some of you may be ready to say thut I don't look so b id. (A whinny of consent from a bare-boned hack.) Wait a bit 1 I own I'm looking well, but I'm not feeling well. I belong to ono of the big firms, and, I own, thoy feed mo well. My work is to bring cargo from ?'. L. Brown's wharf; aud some of you know as how the road from tho wharf to Q.ueen street is not dead level Well, tho fellows pile the stuff on the dray, I can tell you. Tln-y are not content with, say, 15cwt., but they must have 25 c\vt. or 30 cwt., and with that on one's back it almost pulls ono's heart oat to got up to Queen-street. Sometimes in wet wohther the dray sticks, and then the drayman swear*, and h« pitches into mo with his whip, and, worse luck to him, not always with the thoog, but often with the stock, sothat I can assure you I often don't know hoiv to fix niysrlf for eaie when I go to the stables. I think us how there ouahtto be some decent limit put to the loading.' Two or three other dray horses followed, whose complaint was, in general, similir to the last — heavy loading, harsh treatment by savago draimen, and the like. At this point, and before the lust dray horse had ceased speaking, there came, dragging itself wearily through the crowd, a poor, cowed, half-dead looking omnibus horse, und at once, in a tone which caused thePresidenl to shudder, and moved the whole assembly to pity, he said : '? Mr. President and fellow 'osses, look at me ! look ut me ! ' und his voice rose almost to a shriek, ' look at this shoulder, and at this' ; and on looking there might be seen on each a raw-red sore, large as a crown piece, caused by the continued chafing of a bad collar. ' What do you think o' them? Will you believe me when I tell you that I've been in harness six hours to- day, with scarcely a fire minutrs' rest in the time. Go, go, go, all that time, and, mind you, not a level road liko Stanley street or James-street, but along tho stiffest road in th' city. One o' th' streets I have to travel is about half a mile of uphill, and with these shouldi-rs of minn you can perhaps fancy what a time I have of it. Sometimes it is moro than I cun bear, and if I show any sign of pain, down comes a heavy whip on my poor sides ; for, somehow or other, my gaffer seoms to got no drivers but low, cruel young fellows, who appear to be happy only vihen they are whip ping us, especially tho fellow that drives the dinner omniiuj. It is awful ! I can't bear it much longer. I shall either drown myself in the river, take poison, or hang myself. I know I'll gtt better tvealmentin the life to come than I do here. Anyway my body's a wreck, my heart broken, my life a misery.' A shudder ran through the crowd as the poor ho«e came down from tho stand. The next to mount the Btand was another omnibus horse, a poor, thin, lame animal. ' Fellow-horses,' he eaid, ' I canna epctk in public. Before I got up here, I thout I could mebbe eay a word or two, but now I'm up I feel all of a muddle. Anyway look at this leg o' mine, is a hoss fit to work wi' a leg like that? You know he isn't, yet I've worked three hours to-day, and because I kept on stumbling, I couldn't help it, my leg wor so bad, my drivor mun half killed me wi' his wip. That's all I've got to say.' Then another came up, and he wa» so thin his ribs could easily be counted. Ho said : ' I work for a niun wot's trying to save money, bo ho don't gi' mo enough to eat. I fool as if I can hardly put ono leg afore th' other. I can't eay no more, only to proposo that wo all agree we won't stir a leg noxt Saturday ; perhaps then men iray think about us a bit.' Ono of Cobb's coach horses next caught tho eye of the president. Mounting the stand, ho said : ' I am glad I came tt this meeting. It is true I am not so badly off as some of you. I get fairly fed and, with few exceptions,' my drivers aro moderately kind. Still wo get more of the whip than ib enjoyable. I am better off now than I used to he, for I was on a road out west, in the Barcoo district, and I can tell you the work there was terrible. But ono of the bitterest pills to me is the remembrance of what I used to be. About five years ago I whs happy enough ; I belonged to ono of the big merchants ; my usual work was to bring him in to town every morning and take him home in the evening, and take him and his family to All Saints' Ohureh yonder, on Suuday morning I had plenty of food and kind treatment. My ma»ter was proud of mo. One morning, through the clumsiness of my driver, I stumbled and broke tho skin on my knee, and I was then sold. Cobb bought me, and now I have a weary round of work, day after day. I don't like it. My life is bitterer by the remembrance of happier days. I second tho proposnl to striko noxt Saturday.' Tho proposal was agreed to. At this j tincture there was a movemont in the crowd at tne side near tho church, und way was made for a poor shumbling steed which seemed desirous to roach the spoech-stjind With tome difficulty ho did this, and there ho stood, spe.echless. There were upon him no outward and visible signs of cruelty, but there was an impressive cowedness of soul enstamped on every feature, manifest in every movement Again and again did his lips move as if for speech, but no sound escaped ; his heart was evidently too full for speech, and his soul weighed down with an awful aggregate of accumulated woes unspeakable Ho ttood and— merely wept. Tho influence of this inarticulate speech was at once apparent on tho assembly. A huge wave of intense compassion swept over it, and, us with ono con sent — Along their face Tho Wg round arops courses down with silent pace. Couglobing on the dust.— Iliad xvii. And thus one after another did horses mount the stand, each having a saddening story to tell, story of man's inhumanity to them. This tolling of compulsory working when in an unfit state, that of beatine and kicking by brutal drivers, that of overdriving and overloading ; stories, too evidently truo, of scantiness of food, unkindness when Buffeting, cruel pain inllicied by improper bit, and by incompetent farriers, jugging of mouth, neglect when im pounded, and so' on through a pitiful round of wrongs ondurcd by the various speakers. The outpouring of this story of wrongs and cruel ties was incessant for two hours, when tho sound of tho Post-ofllco clock striking three warned them that if they would^snatch. a few minutes bleep, a brief interval of rest, boforo tho toils of tho new day began, they must to their stables again. Whereupon tho president of the assembly thus addressed them: — ' Fellow creatures, I cannot well tell you how tad I have felt this morning whilst listening to tho Bpeakerswho have' spoken to us; living, as I do, in mj comfortable quarters at Government House, I had not even dreamed, etill less hud I imagined, that horo in Hrisbano there was bo much misery. I cannot, however, now doubt tho fact. There has been euoh a luce of sincerity on all speeches, that to suspect their truth would be at once an insult to you and too much in harmony with the practice of men. I do not doubt. I only wonder that beings who arrjgato to themselves so high a position in the order of creation can so act towards us, as to niako it possible for what has been said to night to bo true. My wonder is increased, that all that has been told to- night takes placo in a country called Christian, and worso still I am gi von to understand thut novor by any ehunce' do the mon who aro the accopted religious teachers of our masters occupy a teaching hour to urge upon their pooplo tho duty of kindness to us horses. Hours innumerable are occupied in tho toachirig'.of mutters which one-would think wcro beyond thoreiichofc)'onin6h'smindp;.but of kindness and tenderness to us not .a syllable a year ! Fellow- Kqno»,onr lot is hard.. 'I know not what cm be f one. l'ou have passed a resolu tion which involves a general strike on Saturday noxt. I think that is a wiso step as a first oiio j, you could riot probably havo chosen u bjtter day; the next be.tt ilay would havo 'Been Sunday, when many of you havo to lake' men and -.women to worship tlieir . ;-,Ourt. Allow me to advise moderation, if moderation' be possiblo ; remember thai in tho life to i:omo tho o wrongi will bb righted. I knbn- man in ' his pride will have it that ho only has a righting time, but in this, as in ninny othor things, he has not all the wisdom. We see (the vilenesj of .whili men are capable, we see their drunkenness und dis honesty, although thoy put annoying blinkers on us j and, since wo are not altogether stum gers to pride, we may, we do, fairly glory that theso arc not to be reckoned among our achiov ments. let us hope for the good time — the bttter time me^j talk about - a time wlum men will not bo so intent on their own salvation from ii future possible evil, as to be unab o to condescend to bestow a thought on tho actual, terribly real evils tinder which wo groan. Kndeavour to endure. My , sympathies aro with you. My heart is soro for you ; indeed I have a sort of dread that if a time should come when my form shall have become lost comely I may find myself in your positiou -. this, heaven forfend.' A call was made for throe thunderous moans for man, and then for three full-voiced whinnies for the president ; then every horse did home ward plod his weary way. 8\. W. B. 