The Great Comet. Washington. December 19, JS82. — Professoi . Frisby, of th« Naval Obaervatory, has just com pleted a calcttlatioa of tiie orbit of the great coast of 18S2, from observations made on Septemher .19, October 8, and November 2-1, and finds the .orbit to be a very lengthened ellipse, having » period of about 793, and probably identical with ,a very large comet seen 371 b.c. and 863 A.D., just about the time of the death of Constantino. Ita perihelion distance' is only about seven hundred thousand miles from the centre of the sun, and it extends otstwaed at his aphelion to about ninety times tbe sun' a distance from the earth. He gives the following results of his calculation, which he believes to be very near the truth, although on accput of- the extreme length of khe orbit the time may be somewhat uncertain .- — Time of perihelion passage September J.7, 22r282 Green wich mean time. Lodgitude of node, 346deg. lmin. 7 91-100see. Distance from serihelion to node, 69deg. 31min. 12 7G-10Qsec. Inclination to ecliptic, 141deg. 50niic. 5ilG-100sec. Angle of eccentricity, 89deg. 7min, 43 70-lOOaec. Lo garithm of half major axis, 1.9,331,366. Logarithm of perihelion distance, 7.8,904,739. Time o£ revolution, 70S years, so that it is not likely to b* seen after it passes from sight by. anyone noir living. — ^New '^rk ' Herald.' The same paper observes : — Mr. Proctor has almost thrown us into convulsions by declaring that some time in the early spring a comet will take a little pleaaiir-e trip through our atmos phere and lift the mercury'so high that kg shall bave to construct a thermometer as long as a telegraph pole in order to find, out how hot it is. We have just made an arrangement with a skil ful anatomist to take our flesh off for a few days and allow us to sit in our bones, but now word;, comes to us that Proctor in adding his column of figures forgot to ' carry one,' and that the comet won't reach us for two or three centuries. Things! will happenin justthatcontrary way. Wano sooner get into our thin clothing to welcome the comet than along comes- an iceberg instead, and our teeth chatter as though we had seen the ghost of our mother-in-law. Why, if things go on in this way we shall not have that terrible storm -which, the Canadian Wiggins predicts for March, and; which promises to blo-w cities, forests, monopo lists, stock-brokers, and. even the good and inno cent Jay Gould, who had to have a ' corner J* explained to him before he could deliver an opinion on the subject, into the Pacific Ocean. If we can't have either- the comet or the blizzard, what is life good for ? 