ANSWER TO- MR. B. KENNY. To the Editor of the Evening Penny Post. Sme,-I have just read in this evening's "Penny Post" a precious epistle from Mr. B. Kenny. I wonder does he call this an answer to my letter? He must think the people of Goul burn,.instead of being keen and cute to a degree, soft and sappy Bceotians. I don't like the tone of his letter. To me it savours of the uncharitable; and, like all men who are not well read in any controversy in which they may be reckless enough to en gage, he puts forth. ideas that are loose, and statements that prove unfounded. He knows that I am a Minister of Religion, and, as such, ought to be anxious about the spiritual con ditton of my people, and yet he says-mean ing to be witty, I suppose-" I was not aware that Mr. Irvine's anxiety ran in the direction of converting others." Of himself, however, he would have us, by implication, believe that he is a "minister highly imbued with a Christly spirit." I know what he means, but there is no such word in the English language as "Christly." He is aware, or he ought to be aware, that as a clergyman of the Church of England, I must hold that the only sacraments ordained of Christ our Lord in the Gospel are Baptism and the Supper of the Lord; and yet he would make out that I regard other signs and ceremonies as sacraments. For his better and further. in formation also, I will inform him that I have no sympathy whatever with Rome- that I have never been identified with the High Church or'Ritual party-that I am therefore very far from assuming " priestly arrogance," or sacerdotal pre:ensions of any kind; but that, nevertheless, I hold that "from the Apostles' time there have been these three Orders 6f Ministers in Christ's Church: Bishops, Priests, and Deacons." This is what I understand by "Apostolical Succes sion"-of which "dogma" Mr. Kenny says he has an " utter abhorrence." Does he know what " Apostolical Succession" means ? It certainly has nothing whatever to do with what he calls tlt " monszsosity" of " Baptis mal Regeneratibo" . Let me tell Mr. Kenny that one of the most important features of the English Reformation, in which it differed from the reformation on the Continent, was that it was not the formation of a new religious body outside the existing Church, but a reforma tion of the Church itself, which retained its ancient religious organisation, the succession of its clergy, its parochial system, its hold upon schools and universities, its endow ments,.&c.;, &c.; "'I make not the least doubt in the world,". says Bramshall, " that the Church of England, before the Reforma tion, and after the Reformation, is as much the same Church as a garden is the same garden before it is weeded, and' after it is weeded; or a vine is the same vine before it is' pruned, and after it is pruned, and freed from the luxuriant branches in the same vine." The Reformation threw off the ustrpations of Rome, asserting the original and right ful independence of the .Church of England, as the Church of Christ, originally settled and continuously maintained in the country, and at the same time threw off the corruptions of doctrines and superstitious practices ,which lad crept in, in the course of' ages, and crusted over the true faith, restoring her doctrine and discipline to that of the Primitive Church. . The Reformation, however, did not repudiate what the Primitive Church always held; namely, that the Apostles, acting under the inspiration. of the Holy' Ghost, had ordained three-orders of Ministers- Bishops, Priests, and Dqacons-in whom was continued the authority which Christ had given them. The Church of England holds that just before He left .the world, in virtue of. His own power over tall things in Heaven and in earth, Our Lord 'Jesus' Christ committed to Fis Apostles' authority to put His directions into execution, and to rule His'Church, with a.gracious and encouraging promise that He would be with them alway, " even unto the end of the world." His meaning could not be, that He would be with the Apostles, strictly speaking, because He knew they would not exist to the end of the world. He evidently meant that He 'would be with them and their representatives--those to whom they. should transmit that authority which they had themselves received from Him. Our. Lord Jesus Christ committed authority to His Apostles to preach the Gospel and to administer the Sacraments. The Apostles cdmmitted the same authority to Timothy, Titus, Ignatius, Clement, and others, and commanded them to commit the same to men whom they should judge faith ful, which they accordingly did, and which others after them have ever since continued to do. And thus that authority which Christ committed to His Apostles has been trans mitted down from one to another to .the pre sent time. And we hold that the Clergy of the Church of England have received their authority in this way. We believe that Timothy and Titus were superior to other ministers, and exercised authority over them; and as it.is not disputed that the office of a Bishop or Elder is distinct from the office of a Deacon, it tollows, we say, that there were three distinct orders or degrees of rank in the Misiistry of the Church in the Apostolic age, just asthere are now in the Church of England. Oiir Bishops are of the very same order and rank in the, Ministry of the Church of Christ as Timothy and Titus were, and hold the very identidil office which they and others hel2h. It is of no consequence at all what namtes they.a.e called by; their office, degree of'rank, or order in the Ministry is exactly one and. the same. Timothy and Titus held the highest office, and were of the first or highest order or degree of rank in thle. Ministry of their re spective Churches,.and were what we now call Bishops. Tliey ordained and had l'under tIliem, in subjection to their authority, the order of .Bishops, or Elders, or Presbyters, who were what' we now call Priests by con. tractign for Presbyters, and ,t$e order of Deacons, whom we still call Deacons. In <this respect, then, those in the Church of England.whom we now term Bishops exactly answer to Timothy and Tiius; they hold the highest office and are of the first or highest order or degree of rank in the Ministry of their respective Diocesan Churches. They ordain, and have under them in sub. jection to.their authority,,the order of Priests, Presbytdreis, or Elders who were also in the Apostolic age, in referehce to their flocks, termed Bishops; and the order of Deacons, who now, in the Church of England, if they use ".the office of a Deacon well, purchase to themselves a good degree" or a higher step, just as they did in the Apostles' days. Every man at all acquainted with Ecclesi astical history also knows well that Bishops, Priests, and Deacons have always continued from the very days of the Apostles to the present moment; aye, and ever will continue, while Christ has a church on earth. These were Mr. Wesley's views to the last, and if Mr. Kenny, or anybody else, professes to be a follower of his, he should accept this form of church government. Mr. Wesley"s great work, besides the general one of revival, was the formation of an order of lay preachers and the gathering of their disciples into so cieties for mutual edification in accordance with the doctrine and discipline of the Church of England. Does Mr. Kenny know that John Wesley would refuse to bury a person not baptised by a minister episcopally ordained ? To the very last he was dead against separation from the church. In 1788, at the conference, he writes: "I be lieye one reason why God is pleased to con tinue my life so long is to confirm the Metho dists in their present purpose not to separate from the church. I wish all of you who are vulgarly called Methodists, particularly you whom God has commissioned to call sinners to repentance, seriously to consider that it by no means follows from hence, that ye are commissioned to baptise, or to administer the Lord's Supper. Ye never dreamed of this for ten or twenty years after ye began to preach. Ye did not then, like Korah, Dathan, and Abiram, seek the priesthood also (Num. xvi. zo.). Ye know that no man taketh this honour unto himself but he that is called of God, as was Aaron (Heb. v. 4.). Oh ! contain yourselves within your own bounds. Be content with preaching the Gospel; do the work of Evangelists; pro claim to all the world the loving kindness of God our Saviour; declare to all the kingdom of Heaven is at hand; repent ye and believe the Gospel. I earnestly advise you abide in your place; keep your own station. Ye yourselves were first called in the Church of England, and though ye have, and will have, a thousand temptations to leave it and set up for yourselves, regard them not. Be Church of England men still. Do not cast away the peculiar glory which God hath put upon you, and frustrate the design of Provi dence, the very end for which He raised you up." Nevertheless, Mr. Kenny, at the Primitive Methodist Anniversary, spoke in such terms of the Bishops as would have made Mr. Wesley weep. And in this letter of his we are now reviewing he becomes the. defamer of the Archbishops. 'Out of the 92 Archbishops.of Canterbury, some before the Reformation were not men of high embodiment of excellence. The need of a reformation had long been recog nized, not only because of the false doctrines that had been introduced, the superstitious practices that had crept in, but because also of the morality and intrigue with Rome that had deteriorated both pastors and people. But of the 23 Archbishops of Canterbury in succession since the Reformation, of howl many would Mr. Kenny say that their "lives were far from apostolic" ? Is it the saintly man whose loss the Church even'still de plores - whose whole life was spent in showing the true intent of a Christian's career, and whose death would do more to encourage and strengthen the faithful, and give confidence to the wavering, than all the Primitive Methodist Divinity since their split from the main body of Methodists in I8io to the present time? " Certainly," says Mr. Kenny, " not a very pure channel of convey. ing grace and ministerial power to any one." He exposes his gross ignorance all through his letter. Admitting, for the sake of argu ment, all he says about the Archbishops of Canterbury, what, I would ask him, has the impurity of the channel to do with the valid ity of an ordinance of God ? The pure and spotless Saviour Himself acknowledged Caia phas to be the high priest, and Caiaphas even prophesied as such, although he was a wicked man, and had received consecration to the office through as corrupt a channel as possi ble, for the High Priesthood had frequently been bought and sold and obtained by the greatest corruption and bribery. It had also become an annual office, instead of an office for life, and was no longer continued to the head of Aaron's family as the Lord had commanded. Nevertheless, Caiaphas having been ordained or consecrated to the office, was the High Priest, and in virtue of his office, he prophesied, and " not of limself." St. Paul also acknowledged Ananias a suc cessor of Caiaphas as God's High Priest, and quoted a passage of Scripture condemning himself for having reviled him, though he had done so unknowingly, and though the office along with the Jewish dispensation, had been virtually abolished by the death of Christ, the High Priest's great Antitype. Christ also recognised the authority of the 'Scribes and Pharisees, and commanded His disciples to obey them, because they sat "in Moses' seat." Judas, also, was chosen by Christ in person, '" Have I not chosen you twelve, and one of you is a devil ?" Christ was neither deceived nor mistaken with regard to the character of Judas, but in his prescience He had regard to all such objec tions as Mr. Kenny's. He chose Judas, devil as he was, and ordained him to the Apostolic office, in virtue of which he went and both preached the gospel and performed miracles; and notwithstanding his own dia bolical character, the acts he performed were equally as valid as those performed bythe other Apostles, because he performed them, not in virtue of his own character, but in vir tue of his office as an Apostle, and in the name of Christ. Happily for the people of God, it is a clear and certain truth that the character or unworthiness of ministers does not at all affect the validity of God's ordin ance. Mr. Kenny should read over the twenty sixth Article of the Church of England, where he will learn that man is the mere instrument, the "earthen vessel," but that the power is entirely of God, in whose name and by whose commission and authority the minister acts. "We have," says the apostle, "this treasure in earthen vessels that the excellency of the power may be of God and not of us."-(z Cor. iv. 7.) Your faithful servant, G. M. D'ARCY IRVINE, M.A. Goulburn, 22nd March, 1883. 