The Bisi.o'D's Visit. One of the principal events of the week has been the visit of the Bishop of Adelaide to the Burra. The reputation of Dr. Kennkm had Dreceded him. and it may be doubted whether the members of St. Mary's Church were more interested in his coming than the numbers belonging to the other denominations who flocked to hear the good Bishop. He arrived in Burra by the 11.30 down train on Saturday 15th, and was met by several members of the church. Before the evening service the follow ing address was presented, and suitably r-e plied to : — ' Kooringa, ' September, 1883. 'To the Right Reverend, the Lord Bishop of Adelaide. ' My Lord — On this the first official visit of Your Lordship to this poition of the diocese, we would take this opportunity of expressing the great pleasure we feel in welcoming you amongst us as our chief pastor and overseer in spiritual things, ' Your predecessor, whose .name is held in grateful rememberance by us was spared through the many years of a long episcopate to build up the church in the diocese from its very foundations. 'We hope and pray that in the good provi dence of God your Lordship may also be left with us for many long years to come ; that the energy and devotion which characterised your career at Home, and which have so strongly marked the first months of your Episcopate, may avail for the edifying of the Church, throughout the length and breadth of this colony. With every good wish for Your Lordship's Welfore. 'We remain, 'Your obedient servants, ' H. HowiTT, Incumbent of S. Mary's the Burra. ' W. EgertonWarburton, 1 Wardens ' E. Catchlove Lockyer. j ' Signed on behalf of the congregation of St. Mary's.' As announced in our last issue, a preli minary service was held' in the Anglican Church on Saturday evening, which was well attended considering the business engage ments of the people on their busiest night. Whatever was lacking on the previous evening was, however, fully made up for by the crowded congregations on Sunday. The attendance at the confirmation service was also large, and of a representative charater. Space will not permit of our giving more than brief outlines of the able sermons and addresses delivered by the Bishop of Adelaide during his stay with us. Apart from the quiet earnest ness which marked their delivery, and the ab sence of anything which would wound the susceptibilities of his hearers of other churches, there breathed a truly Christian spirit which made these services more than ordinarily attrac tive to those who, with Dr. Kennion, would like to see a greater spirit of unity prevailing amongst Christian men and women. On Sun day there was an early communion at which about twenty persons were present. The sub ject of the morning's sermon was the unity of Christ's body, (Ephesians, 4 ch., 4 and 5 vrs.) After incidentally drawing attention to the number of places of worship in the Burra. The Bishop pointedly asked what Paul, the writer of the epistle, would say if he were present, or ?would die Master himself be pleased to see so many indications of the absence of that unity oneness which he so earnestly enjoined upon his followers. The preacher went on to say that unity did not necessarily mean uniformity. The diversity of the gifts of the spirit as well as the difference in the constitution of men's minds, forbade this, but he thought much might be done towards the accomplishment of this object if a spirit of conciliation were culti vated more generally. To this end the Bishop impressed upon his hearers the necessity of realizing more fully that the gift of the Holy Ghost is not confined to any age, but is the inheritance of the church, not only in its cor porate capacity but in its individual life. The sermon in the evening may be said to have been complementary to that of the mom ing. The text chosen was Revelations 3 ch. 12 and 13 vts., 'To him that overcometh, etc' The preacher said that while die words of our Lord were to be regarded from a spirit ual point of view, yet it was a remarkable coincidence that in Gibbon's description of the ruins of Philadelphia several pillars are men tioned as being still in an upright position, and from the appearance of their surroundings they would seem to belong to a synagogue or early Christian church. The Bishop dwelt at some length upon the development of a Christian character, pointing out how from the first per ception of God's character and His relationship to us we go on uutil we become ourselves as similated to the character of God. lie spoke of Christ's religion as a great governing princi ple, and not as a mere canopy, under cover of which we might gain access to heaven. Re ferring to the word ' overcometh' the Bishop took occasion to combat the view so widely prevalent that evil as a force is more powerful than good. In plain but earnest words he set forth the teaching of the church as to the all powerful influence of the Holy Ghost the com forter, and how with the promise of this price less gift to strengthen and fortify us against the assaults of the enemy, we were without excuse if not availing ourselves of it, we yielded to temptation and sin. And with many more words did the Bishop testify and exhort that we should follow after righteous, be helpful to each other, and foster a spirit of unity and brotherly love. The confirmation service on Monday was solemn and impressive, and the Bishop's ad dress to the candidates was listened to with marked attention. He shewed that confir mation was but the sign of an inward act, and that unless the latter were present the sign was of no eflect. He inforced the necessity of love, faith, and obedience to the triune God and the beauty of life by the power of the Holy Spirit. We cannot conclude this necessarily incom plete notice of the Bishop of Adelaide's visit to the Burra without expressing regret that Dr. Kennion should have been permitted to leave our town without some public recognition of this his first appearance amongst us. We do not know who may be responsible for this strange neglect of a courtesy which has been accorded to the Bishop everywhere else, and which would have been willingly accorded here if proper steps had been taken to ascertain the wishes of the townspeople. After saying so much we feel sure Bishop Kennion wil acquit the Burraites of any intentional neglect? of the civilities due to so distinguished a visitor 