The Shadow oi a Crime. CHAPTER 'IV. . NINE years ago,' said Mrs. Digby,' Agatlia was the most beautiful, gay, high-spirited girl I ever saw. She had been my school follow, and was my dearest Mend. Though a spoiled child, self-willed, aud vain-you would not think now that such words could ever-have described her?-she had sucli a warm, loving heart, and such a sweet tem per, that every one adored her. She was very womanly, andj within a year of leaving school became engaged to her, cousin; a clever, handsome fellow, of whom his family had great hopes. Mabel paused, her eyes filling with tears. ' When I look back on what they were then,' she resumed, ' and think of him-and see Agatha as you have seen her, the v,ery ghost of her old self, the horror of the whole thing comes back as though it were yester day. Walter Hurst worshipped Agatha. She loved him truly, but her own will bet ter, and he let her rule too absolutely. In great things and small it Svas the same-ho knew no law but her word. She tyrannised over and ' tormented liim. I know how bitterly she has since repented every thoughtless word and act-how she has longed to feel again the tenderness she used to laugh at. ' Agatha had been engaged about a year, and was to be married in the following sum mer, when my sister waB ordered to _ winter in Italy, and Agatha took it into her head to go with us. Walter was hurt and angry. He did not like to lose Agatha's society for so long, and he did not thinlf she ought to leave her grandfather, with whom she lived. But she resolved to show her independence ; she prophesied that she would be doubly appreciated on her return, and of course she had her way. So we three girls went to the house of an English lady, a friend of my father's, who agreed to take chargo of us. Adelaide soon grew strong in the equable climate, aud we wore constantly out of doors, sometimes making excursions to neighbouring villages, sometimes spend ing long days by the sea. After a time, Agatha became quiet, and oven pensive. I knew perfectly well that she was missing Walter. Now and then I believe that she was even tempted to draw back' from her avowed determination to stand abroad as : long as wo should ; but prido kept her firm. ' On Christmas Eve we wore all sitting in Agatha's favourite corner of the garden-a wilderness of scented shrubs, climbing plants, and roses-looking at the sea line, glimmering on the horizon. , 'I wonder,'Baid Agatha, for the first time condescending to utter her thoughts, ' what Walter is doing to-night.' , . Embracing you 1' cried a laughing voico, aud Agatha, turning sharply, saw her lover standing with outstretched arms behind her. Ho had been quite unable, be said, to endure a longer separation, ' What a happy Christmas we had! The very contract. to our English Christmas tho sunshine and the flowers, the gay dresses and sweet tongue of the country people, combined to make it a timo of en chantment. Wo woro staying in a lovely village, away from the English colony at Nice ; and our only visitor was a nephew of our hostess, a young,physician, who seomed ; very:mucli struck with Agatha; and :no . wonder. She was so bright and captivating, To Walter she had never been more charm ing. Absence liad taught her to know hor own heart, andishe-was much'softer an her manner than of old. The only thing in which hor imperiousnoss still showed itself was an impatient desire that Walter should excel Dr. Eotlies in everything. It was al most as though she doubtod her own: allegi anco if her lover over had to own himself surpassed. She was not content that Walter should bo handsomer, more accom plished, more intellectual,tlian Dr. Rothes. She wanted him to walk, row, and climb better., . . , " , V v .« Frank, my heart sickens at the task . be fore me. But it is right you should know all.' " ?: ' Wo1 were both silent for a few moments. This picture of Agatha's happy youth, in which I had had no part-of Jier love,_such (in I had vainly hoped to win,-moved mo Day;' Mabel resumed, <. a picnic was proposed 011 a fine hill about three miles away, Bella Vista. One side was easy enough to climb , by short stages, even on mules, till you came to a stcep path leading to a Bmall plateau, whero seats'Were placed under a clump of olive , trees. Horo a low parapet guarded tho brow of the lull, a necessary precaution,'for the other sid<s was steep as a wall and its short dry twf smooth as glass, savo a few scattered slwibs. Far bolow, so far as to be almost, out of sight, though its brawl over q, 1'ooky bed " could be distinctly heard, rwdiod: a moun tain torrent. Tho view fvoin, tho plateau, across undulating neighbouring hills, vino yard and cypyesa; gijoye,. cornfield and rail . pastiu'Q,, was glpi'ious beyond words. Agatha was. in. one of hor tormenting moods that day. She called Dr. Rotlies'to walk besido hor, saying that ho coitM guide hor mulo better than Waltor, whom BIio eron pointedly excluded from tho conversation, so that at last lie fell behind with. Adolaide, looking worried and tired. '.When wo had all alighted! and roacliod the top, my sistor and I arranged tho lun cheon, .while Agatbot awl the gentlomon advanced to the parapet for tlio full viow. ( ' Walter lfp,dbQeift reading to us tho nigli+j bpforot-lfq.ijcftdl poetry finely-among ot^er things,Loigh Hunt's " Glove and thoLirjlls." A, hot discussion followed, and Dr. P"othoS| iii support of Agatha, quoted Br owning's I version of. tho story, which you miow vory ingeniously takes the lady's s\do. I don't linow whether this occurred to Agatha, but by some.mad impulse slio twisied hor glovos lightly together and tossed, them down the ^^Now,' she said, with flushing chooltii, < whicli. of you will bring my gloves back to mo ?' (To be Continued.) The trustees of, the public; library in .' SvdiioV proposo that the Government pro vide some books for the blind. 