A SILENT WITNESS. CRAPTER VI. " Wamx Dauby comes take him straight to your room, and when you've got the money, get rid of him," said Heath. " As he's not 'coming here, and there's no window towards the front, we may as well be getting on with our business. Is there a match anywhere about " '-Oa the mnautelshelf in the corner," said the 'captain. Then Danby heard the sharp scratch of a match, and saw Heath bend forward to light the swinging lamp above the table. Tile young man quickly withdrew into the shadow ; but after a time he peered again from behind the curtain, and the inner room being now fully lighted he saw a sight which completely entranced him, and from which he could not remove his eyes. Immediately under the lamp, and midway between the two men, was a case or casket such as jewellers use, made of leather and lined with white satin. This, however, was old-fashioned in its shape, its leather was frayed and its satin soiled and discoloured by age. It was a large casket, and was evidently meant to contain a whole suite of jewels, tiara for the head, necklace, ear rings, and bracelets. The latter were still in it, large diamonds deeply imbedded in thick strong gold bands. The tiara was also there, but the spaces for the necklace and earrings were empty. Holding his breath, and with his eyes almost starting from his head, Danby noticed close by Heath's hands a small polished steel ham mer, pincers, and other tools. In front of him lay some gold work, twisted and broken, and in his hand was a paper full of gleaming stones, which he held up to the light and surveyed with eagerness. "They are superb!" he muttered, as having breathed on them he watched the breath fade instantly away. " Old Stuyve sant must take the strap right off that black leather pocket-book before lie has any of these beauties. And they ought to be worth much," he said, in a still lower tone, " for they cost enough to get ! " He moved aside as lie spoke, and Danby saw clearly, for the first time, the open case in which the tiara and the bracelets still remained. Surely these ornaments were familiar to him. Surely lie had seen them before-and recently ? Meanwhile the cap tain had taken the jewel-case into his hands. "You can't get these stones out, I sup pose ? " he asked. " No," said Heath ; " they are too firmly fixed in the gold, and the gold itself is so solid.that it defies any effort I can msnake with 'these toy tools. However, you will have quite enough with you for one bargain, and if the old man bites, you or I can easily visit him again. What's that ? " he cried abruptly, turning towards the middle door. " Nothing ! " said Studloy, looking up and shading his eyes with his hand, " the cat, I suppose. The stores we have put in there have attracted mice, and the cat is .always on the watch there now." The noise, however, had really been oc CasioneC Dy TiltuLr Diauiy. Ah f?o o£ memory had suddenly recalled to him when and where lie had seen the jewels and the -case then in Studley's hands. They were the very jewels which had been brought to Middleham's bank by the Spanish dmigrd countess some three mouths before, the very jewels for which he had given a receipt at Heath's order, had catalogued and de posited in the strong-room. As he thought of this, a nervous tremor ran through him, and he knocked down a glass which was on a shelf by his elbow. The jewels which had boon stolen from Middleham's bank, for which the hue and cry had been raised, for which the detectives were in search, for which-ah I great heavens, the agony of the thought-for which the murder had beeoon committed, by whom there was now little doubt l And .one of these two men was her father I Stunned and dazed, Walter Danuby closed his eyes, and pressed his hands to his throbbing temples, utterly uncertain what to do. Where was Auno Studley the while ? She had not gone to Mrs. Wells's ; she was standing outside the front gate of the garden, waiting for her lover ; waiting to hear those first words of spoken love, the more an ticipation of which set her heart palpitating in her breast. Walter Dauby stood looking on at the scene before him, mentally and bodily paralysed, without the power to think or move for some minutes. When his senses returned, his first impulse was to fly. What he had soon was enough to convince him of the lawlessness of the men with whom he had boon associated, and of the certainty of their having committed robbery and murder. No I A ray of hope flashed across him which for Anneo's sake he was only too glad to welcome-they wore the receivers of the stolen property, they might oven have planned the robbery, but they could not be the doors of the deed of blood. Heath was away at the time, and Studloy- what was that the policoe-sergeant had said, that the robbery must have been arranged by some person conversant with the premises and the dead man's ways? Heathl Who had given him the diamonds to catalogue and store away, and consequeontly know of their exaotwheoreabouts, and their immensovalue ? Heath I Danby's heart sank within him as ho thought of those thinga. His brain reeled, and he felt sick and faint. He must have air, or he should swoon. He must go out through the window by which he had entered, give up all thought of seeing Anne that evening, and make his way back to London as best he could. Softly he turned, mido out indistinctoly the form of the window, and moved towards it. Another moLuOnt andl ho stumbled over one of the open portman toeaux and fell upon the floor; the next, the door botwoon the rooms was dashed open, and Danby, still prostrate, felt a heavy Weight upon his body, and a strong suffo catiug grip upon his throat. S - 'Ibis as your cat I " cried the man who hiad soieinzed him. Heath's voice, he know it it at once. " What a fool I was to believe 'you beoforo I Bring the lamp, and lot's see whliom wo'vo got hero; no, stay, the wind will blow it out. Holp me to carry'l him i:into the back room, lift his logs, so I " ''They dragged him into the dining-room, and Heath inelt down besido him, and put his hand under his chin to force the head ?ak. 'Theoro was no need for this, however Walter Danby threw up his head, as well as he could in his cramped position, and the expression in his bright eyes was bold and fearless. " Danby l " said Heath, underhis breath ; then turning to Studley, " How did he get here ? We heard no bell." " He must have come through the back gate," said the captain, whose face was 'deadly pale, and whose thin lips trembled. "Through the back gate-he knows it I've taken him that way mys elf." All this time lleath's hand had been twined in Danby's neckerchief. He re moved it now, bidding the young man get up and seat himself on an old-fashioned, high-backed oak chair which stood close to the wall. Danby obeyed. He had lost his breath in the fall and the struggle, and his heart was beating loudly; but he con fronted the two men with calmness, Almost with ease. " Now, sit still, or it will be the worse for you!" said Heath, seating himself on the corner of the table, and swinging his leg to and fro. " How long have you been in that room ?" " Probably ten minutes ! " replied Dauby in a steady voice, and with his eyes firmly fixed on his interrogator. Heath descended from the table, passed into the outer room, closed the door, and, pulling aside the curtain, peered through the glass for the purpose of ascertaining what portions of the room were in view; then he opened the door, and, before closing it again, bade Studley, " Speak, say some thing, anything, and in your usual tone." Finally, he reappeared, bringing with him some strips of thick cord, which Danby recollected having noticed lying by one of the boxes. " He must have seen and heard every thing as plainly as if he had been standing by us !" he said, in an undertone, to Studley. " See here i " lie added, turning to Danby, " you know pretty well the situation of the house. There's nothing near it for a mile. You might shout for a month, and no one would hear you. If youvalue your life you will hold your tongue; and, in order to prevent your making any attempt at escape, I'm going to tie you to this chair." As he spoke he took the longest piece of rope, and, passing it quickly round Danby's body, slipped behind the chair, and lashed him firmly to it. Danby made no attempt at resistance; he sat there, pale and anxious looking, but neither so white-faced nor so nervous as Captain Studley, who stood in a half-dazed state looking on at Heath's pro ceedings, his wandering hand now plucking at his chin, now beating the tattoo on the table before him, and from time to time opening his mouth as though gasping for breath. " There! " said Heath, moving round to his old position on tile corner of the tableo; " and now to settle this matter. Walter Dauby, your were, on your own avowal, in that room for toll minutes, during which time I have satisfied myself that you must have seen and heard all that transpired here. Is that so? " "1I saw and heard everything," said Dauby, quietly. His voice was low and flat, quite different from its usual joyous ringing tone, but there was no tremor in it." " What did you hear ? " asked Studley, suddenly turning upon him. " We were only tallking business." "Business I " said Danby. " It it your business, besides cheating at cards, ;to deal with stolen goods and dead men's property? I recognise those jewels as some which I helped your worthy friend there in cata loguing and stowing away. I know them to be part of the proceeds of Mr. Middle ham's murder." As those words left Danby's lips, Heath jumped from his seat, and rapidly passing Shis hand to his breast, made a stride towards him. But the captain, leaning across the table, caught his friend by the arm, and whispered hurriedly in .his ear, " Stop, for God's sake, think what you're doing I " " It is because I think what I am doing, that I see the need for, stopping this lad's tongue," said Heath, between his clenched teeth, his eyes like doop.seot coals glowing in his head, anld nib hand still plucking in his breast. " Stay I " said the captain, still in a whisper, and pulling at Heath's coat. " Como aside for an instant-come over hero-lot us talk this out, and do nothing rashly. My risk is as great as yours I " " Is it ? " said Heath, who suffered to be led to the other side of the room. " I was f not aware of that. But anyhow it's great enough. Too great to be played with, I f say." Don't make it greater," said Studloy, Swith intense earnestness. "For the last Smonth I havo lived in a hell upon earth, owing to your rashness I Night and day I Shave but one thought in my heboad, one scene before my oyos l Don't create another 3 ghost to haunt mo, or I shall go mad I " " When you have finished raving, per. Shaps you will say what would you propose to do with this man ? " said Heath. "You've Ihoard his avowal of what he knows." 1 " Do anything with him-anything but ouo Il" said Studley, holding up his trom. c bling hand to emphasiso his words. "Make him take a solemn oath never to reveal what he has become acquainted with to Sday, and lot him go, let him go I And see hero: we will lot him keeoop the money which I won of him, and which I darosay he has brought. I will give it up. Let him hoop that; it will bind him to us more porhaps--only lot him go I " For a moment Heath stared at his com panion without speaking. Then he said, "You seem to have lost your head over this affair I You to talk of ghosts and ccones ! you, who for thirty years have passed your lifo-" "No I " crieod Studloy, interrupting, "in overything but tlhat-not in that !" "Dooesnu't your common onso--if any of it remains-toll you that this follow would not takeo any oath;-thlat he could not be bribed by your wrethoed hundred and fifty pounds? Ilo is bravo, honest, autdhonour. able. Ilis wholo soul is filled with loathing for us and our deeds. To denounce us would scomn to hIim hIris inexorable duty, and hIe wouthl surely do it. Hoie hasr seeoon these diramonds, whichi have given him a chio to the robbery; and I need not impress upon you that a clue to tho robbery is a eluo to mor I " "I know it. What you say is quite right; but still-spare his life ! " "His life is in his own hands," said Heath. "If he will swear secresy, I know him well enough to be certain that he will keep his oath. But if he will not swear-" "Ho will ! he will " cried Studley, lay ing his hand on Heath's breast, and look ing appealingly into his face. " We shall see," said Heath, stepping away from him. " But, if he will not, I shall insure my own safety. See here, Danby," he added, suddenly turning round, ",you have acknowledged that you have been a spy upon us--" " That is false," said Dauby, in the same calm voice. " I came here by appointment, and walked by accident into that room, from which- " " We won't bandy words," said Heath. " You saw what we were doing; you recog nised those diamonds. You could denounce us to the police. You have us in your power ! " A scornful smile passed across Danby's face. Heath saw it, and spoke quickly. " Morally you have us in your power, but physically you are in ours, from which nothing human can deliver you. Re collect that ! Realise the situation. Here in a lone house, far beyond the reach of help, shut up with two men whom you have brought to bay-" " You need not proceed," said Danby, "I know my fate ! " A change in his voice, this time, low and creeping. Drops of cold sweat too on his forehead, and a twitching of the nostrils and the upper lip. "You're to have a chance, and you'll take it, won't you ? " said Studley. "You'll swear a solemn oath before God that you'll never say anything about what you've seen or heard, and then we'll lot you go I You'll swear it, won't you ? " " No" cried Danby, "I'll make no bargain with thieves and murderers ! Help i help !" With a sudden jerk he snapped the rope which bound him to the chair and staggered to his feet, making for the middle door. But Heath, hastily pushing Studley aside, leapt upon Danby and bore him to the ground. The slight lad had little chance against the superior weight and strength of his antagonist, but he know he was fighting for his life, and he clung so tenaciously to Heath's wrists, that it was perhaps a minute before the latter could free his right hand, to search for the dagger which he carried in his left breast-pocket. Even when he had found it, the boy's activity was such that Heath could not make certain of his blow. Ho struck out, but. Danby interposed his arm, against which the weapon glanced aside; the next instant the blade was buried in the boy's heart. At that moment there rose upon the air a shriek of horror, loud and piercing, subsiding gradually into a long low wail. Heath, who had risen to his lnee, remained transfixed, his mouth rigid, his eyes starting from his head; but Studley, who at the instant the blow was struck had flung himself upon the table, burying his face between his arms, now raised himself slowly and listened. IL was from the window behind him that the sound had come, the closed window looking on to the garden. Walking as a man in a dream, Studley moved towards the window, threw up the sash, and looked out. There was something on the ground below, a dark mass-the body of a woman-of Anne prostrate, senseless. Studley staggered back against the wall, pressing his eyes with his hands, as though striving to shut out sight and sense. Anne had sooeen what had occurred. The fearful crime just committed had been committed in vain, so far as their hope of secresy was concerned. A witness was ready to rise up against them and bear testimony to a deed of blood perpetrated in her presence. Would Heath deal with Anne as he had dealt with Danby ? No, there had boon too many horrors; he was her father and would interfere. He would defend her, and at once. With staggering footsteps, Studley sought the door, and was about to open it, when he felt Heath's hand upon his arm. He recoiled instantly. " Stand off I " he cried in a deep hoarse whisper; "don't touch me; there's evidence of your bloody work upon your hands; stand off and lot me go I " " That is your daughter lying fainting in the garden ?" asked Heath. " You are sure of it ; sure it is not the servant ? " " It is my daughter I She saw all, she has swooned, and must be soon to at once. I -" " Stop this fooling I " said Heath, roughly gripping his companion by the arm. " Collect your senses, I say, for you will want fthom now. She has fainted, andthero lot her lie. When she recovers she will be too weaklc and too much dazed to do any harm, and meantime we have plenty to do." "Loose your hold on me I " said Studloy, shaking himself free. "I can't bear your touch; do you know what you've done ? " " Saved your lifo and my own," said Heath; "that is to say, if we're only quiock in clearing up this place before the servant returns I" As he spoke he moved lightly and with careful footsteps towards where the body was lying. In the struggle the cloth had beeoon dragged from thebo table to the floor, and with a portion of this cloth, Heath, in following Studloy to the window, had covered the features of the dead. He removed it now, very quietly, and bonding down silently contemplated his cruel work. There was one large clot of blood outside the waistcoat, whore the dagger-blade had penetrated, and thoe coat-sleeove against which it had glanced was ripped and ragged and dark-stained. The mouth and eyes were partly open, and the fair open brow, the delicate chiselling round the nostrils, were contracted as though by a sharp spasm of pain. The arm, with which tlhe last feeble attempt at defence had beeoon made, was bent across the body, the other hung stiflly by the side. IHeoath's face as hlie noted these different particulars was void of expression. In it no rage, no sorrown, ineithecr exultation, nor remorse, could be discerned. After a pause ihe stooped, and taking up the pendent arm laid his linger on the wrist. Then liho dropped it carcfull', aniid regaining his feet beckoned to Studl(lsy to approach. Studley hlowever remained miotionless. On Heath's repeating tihe gesture hle waved his hanid iangrily in tfken of disgust, and then phltced it before his eyes. " Will you come here at once ? " said Heath, in a low voice-neither of them had spoken above a whisper since the deed was done-" or do you want the servant to return and alarm the village ? " " Is he-is he quite dead ? " asked Studley, bending forward, and for the first time looking towards the corpse. " What what are you going to do with it ? It must be hidden-where can it be hidden ? " " What's the depth of that pond in the garden ? " asked Heath, with his eyes fixed upon the ground. "The pond ? about six feet, I think," said Studley. " Young Danby once-good God ! I forgot-I mean lihe once plumbed it with a rake one day when lie was down here." " That's deep enough," said Heath, " for our present purposes, at all events. I must have something to wrap it in-some matting, or something of that sort. I will see if there is any in the tool-house." He made as though he would have moved away; but Studley caught him by the coat. "Don't leave me," he cried; "I cannot be left with it. I will come with you." The nearest way to the shed in which the tools, which had been used in the cultivation of the garden ero it was a jungle, were kept, was through the store-room. Before following his companion, Studley cast a rapid glance through the dining-room window, and saw the dark mass still lying there prostrate, motionless. Even then lie had a thought of going out to her; but Heath, in a harsh, hoarse whisper, called to him to " come on!" and he obeyed. Groping in the dark shed they found some matting, which was dank and worn, and a sack, at the bottom of which were a few rotting potatoes. This Heath declared would serve their purpose ; and, emptying it, he carried it to the dining-room, closely followed by Studley. As they re-entered the house the sinking horror, which had seized upon Studley immediately after the commission of the deed, crept over him again. It was with the greatest difficulty that hlie could force himself to enter the room. When he did so he looked at once towards the body, yet started when lie saw it, as though not expecting to find it there. He was not however allowed any time for meditation, for Heath angrily called him to give him assistance in the dreadful task in which he was engaged. " I am coming," said Studley, mechani cally. Then, pointing, he added "Look down; you see the blood has soaked into the carpet." " We will attend to that later," said Heath. "I have a plan in my head by which we can keep everybody out of the house for days, giving us plenty of time to take all necessary precautions; but we must got rid of this first, and for that I require your help." Not much help did Studley give him, though lie strove to do what lie was told, and with trembling hands carried out the orders which the younger man gave in short, quick, peremptory tones. The head and upper portion of the body were enveloped in the sack ; the foot were tied together by the rope with which the victim had been bound to the chair; then in silence the two men lifted the ghastly burden between them, and carried it through the store-room into the cold, damp hall, and through the grimly sculptured doorway out into the night. It was very heavy, and, though his companion had taken by far the heavier portion of the load upon himself, Studley had several times to call him to stop, while he sought to recover breath and wiped away beads of sweat from his forehead with his trembling hands. It was a close, faint, clammy autumn evening, without a breath of air to drive away the gray mist rising as over from the jungle, without a ray of moonlight to penetrate the thick darkness which had already come upon the earth. So they went on; crushing underfoot the newly-fallen leaves, and brushing away the cold dew which stood in thick drops upon the coarse, rank grass, until they stopped by the side of the pond. Here, at a sign from Heath, they deposited their burden; Studloey, to his horror, being left alone by the side of the corpse while Heath loeft him to " look for something heavy," as le hoarsely whispered. Presently he re-appeared, bearing with him two huge stones, which he had pulled out from among the foundations of the dilapi dated rustic bridge. One of those he wrapped in a strip of sacking, and making a slit in the sack with his penknifo, tied the weight firmly to it. At his instructions Studley did the same with the other stone, which he attached to the feet. Then once more raising the body between them, they bore it to the middle of the bridge, some of the decaying balustrades of which Heath cleared away with one vigorous blow, and then, with great difficulty, for Studloy's strength by this time was fast failing him, dropped-it into the middle of the pond. It sanlk instantly. The slow, broad ripple, like a sullen smile, spread over the surface of the stagnant water for an instant, and the hoarse cry of a raven, flapping slowly on its homeward way, was Walter Danby's dirgo. With the noise, the splash, and the gurgle of the water as it closed over the body still in his ears, Studley was standing gazing at the spot whore it had disappeared, when Heath shook him roughly by the arm. ""You seem to have forgotten your daugh. tor," he cried, " though you weoro so anxious about her a few minutes since. Come, and let us see after her." He turned and strode towards the house, Studley following him in silence. Under the window, prone on the hard gravel walk, a heap upon the ground, lay handsome Anneo Studloy, who had gone forth but two hours since in all the blushing hope and pride of a first love, to give a ready answer to the man who had asked her to link her lifo with his. Where was his lifo now ?-gone I Where woro her hopes ? -blighted and wrecked for over. " She lnows nothing of this now, for she is still sensoless," said Heath, who has lifted her, not without a certain gentleoness, and, looking into her fraco, would haveo sulpplorted her head against his knleo hadil not her fithher suddenly interposed. " D)o not touch lier. I will not have you lay hands upon hor I " lie cried passion ately. "Drop that, cried HLeath, turning round upon himn savagoly; " dlrop it lnow and for over. In this matter, att least, yo nr ars a guilty as I am ; at all events, the law would make no difference between us; drop all that foolery about my hands and my touch. If my hands did this, it will be my head that will have to plan our safety; and even when it comes to getting this lady upstairs, I imagine you would not be able to manage much without my help. Stand clear now, and I will carry the girl to her room. Once there, I will give you my idea of what's to be done." He stooped down, and lifting her in his strong arms as though she had been a child, carried her up the staircase and laid her on the bed. " Get her clothes off," he said to her father, " while I go downstairs and clear up below there, and get rid of this ugly mark." He pointed to a pale red stain upon his hand, and Studley shuddered. "You must keep your wits about you now," Heath con tinued, "for in the next twenty-four hours lies all the danger. If we can tide that over we are safe. Undress her, as I told you, and put her into bed, throw her clothes down here or there in a tumbled heap; I will bring up the brandy from downstairs, and, if you have a medicine-chest in the house, it would be best to place it open on the table. I want to give the room the aspect of sudden illness ; she cannot remain in her swoon very much longer, and it must be done before she recovers." Studley did as lie was bid ; his power of will had deserted him, and lie was entirely reliant on his companion. When Heath returned he found that Anne was in bed, her clothes in a disorderly heap on a chair, and a bottle of sal volatile, a basin, and a sponge on the table by the bedside. "That is right," Heath said, looking round. " When I was settling things down stairs I thought this matter through, and have determined what is best to be done. Now attend to me, Ned Studley," he cried, sharply, for Studley was rocking to and fro in his chair, and his eyes were wandering round the room, " attend to me, and re member exactly what I say. It is now half past nine ; in half an hour your servant will come back. When you go to the gate to let her in, you must tell her that nMiss Studley has been taken ill, that she has gone to bed, and that you are afraid she is attacked with fever. Ask her to come in and take off her bonnet quickly, as your daughter requires watching and nursing, and you want this girl to sit up with her durinig the night. If I am any judge of human nature the girl will refuse-she is an ignorant. stupid creature-and will be terribly frightened at the mere mention of the word fever. You must make a show of insisting, declaring that if she does not conime in at once you will be compelled to get someone else; she will be too glad to accept the alternative, and will go away to her friends, who live in the village, don't they ? " " But suppose she is not frightened at the notion of the fever, and is willing to come in and do the nursing, what am I to do then ? " asked Studley. " Take her straight to your daughter's room, and never allow her out of your sight. If Miss Studley comes out of her swoon, anything that she may say you can treat as ravings of delirium. Don't let the girl go into any other part of the house on any pretence whatever. We can settle what is to be done with her when I come back." " ' Come back ! ' "cried Studley. " Where are you going ? " " Only to the chemist's," said Heath. "It is most necessary that your daughter should have no clear idea of what is passing around her for the next twenty-four hours, so that when she comes out of her swoon it will be necessary to give her a sleeping draught." " Well, but I have got some laudanum in my room," said Studley. " That will be very useful to increase the strength of the dose, but it is better for me to go to the chemist's, whore I would take care to purchase some other. medicine to give an air of truth to the story which you will tell to the servant, and which she, without doubt, will immediately spread in the village. In fact I shall myself give some little hint of Miss Studley's illness to the chemist, and ask him what he thinks would be the proper medicine for it." "Don't be long-don't be long gone, Heath," said Studley, looling up piteously at him; " for heaven's sake don't be long gone-I cannot bear to be left by myself to night I" " There is the brandy," said Heath, with cold contempt, pointing to the bottle which he hai placed on the table; "drink a wine glass of that, and it may restore your courage, but don't muddle your brains, and don't forget my instructions about the servant-girl." (To be contirled.) 