Country Intelligence CIRCULAR HEAD (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) The proposed export duty on blackwood created such excitement among our good people that the police immediately spiked the guns (forty old Enfield rifles) and destroyod the whole of the seven rounds of ammunition in store. Fortunutely popular feeling found a dignified vent in the very able protest forwarded to the Examiner, which should command the careful consideration of all sensible Parliamentary men, be they few or many. If there be anything to justify this blackwood scare, it is surely possible to preserve the timber on Crown properties without resort to extreme measures tending to interfere with private rights, and calculated to check settlement on the public lands. The settler in many instances regards the sale of the blackwood on his selection as a help towards defraying the enormous expenses of clearing ; and the proposed impost would consign it to the log-heap and the fire. Blackwood may stand for ages on the Crown lands if need be, but cannot be suffered to cumber the ground which the farmer desires, to bring under the plough. An export duty on an article that we have no means of utilising in Tasmania seems rather absurd, and if the action be the natural conse- quence of an overflowing treasury, it is peculiar to say the least of it. To such of our representatives, as occasionally relax a little in the refreshment-rooms, may I suggest the old song:— " Woodman spare that tree, Touch not a single bough ; In youth it sheltered me, And I'll protect it now. " The disaster to the sohooner Florence at Montagu River, of which I apprised you by wire, has oocasioned general regret, as it deprives us of the services of the only regular trader at present plying between this port and Melbourne. Captain Hughes arrived last night, and made his statement regarding the casualty before the officer of Customs to-day, who will decide whether further enquiry be necessary. It appears that the Florence, after a favourable run from Melbourne, entered Robin's Passage on Thursday last, and all went well until near- ing the mouth of the Montagu River. Here, owing to a sudden squall, the captain,finding that the vessel would not weather the rocks on the west shore, let go his anchor, which, unfor- tunately, did not hold. A kedge was subse- quently run out, but also came home, and the schooner gradually drifted on to her anchor, which, as the tide fell, stove in the starboard quarter: When the vessel floated she served the larboard side, in the same way, and the holes had to be plugged and the pumps set to work before anything further could be done. Misfortune seldom comes singly, and on the following morning (Friday), in hauling into the channel, the schooner stuck upon a hard rise amidships and broke the keelson. The vessel now lies in the river completely hogged, as the term goes, and whether she is worth repairing or not can only be determined by a survey. Great sympathy is felt for the worthy skipper, Captain Hughes, whose kindly disposition and punctuality in business matters has made him many friends. Mr. William John Dowle, of Montague, captured last week a handsome specimen of the Tasmanian tiger, which he was anxious, if possible, to secure alive. Muzzling the creature by some means, to me incomprehensible, he placed it before him on the saddle and set off to ride the thirty miles that lay between him and Stanley. Incredible as it may seem, three parts - of the distance had actually been accomplished before the unhappy tiger, doubtless half suffocated and wholly terrified, gave up the ghost. The plucky captor, making the best of a bad job, carefully skinned the animal and pre- pared the bones in the manner prescribed, so that a good opportunity is now offered to any- one wishing to secure a specimen for setting up. The beast was apparently in his second year, was in fine condition, and had a remarkably pretty skin. A young whale with but slight reverence for the Sabbath came ashore on Sunday morning near the wharf, and was soon slaughtered. The animal measured twenty-one feet, and viewed through a powerful magnifying glass looked remarkably well. I purchased the creature, thinking it would prove an acceptable present at the Examiner office, but could not agree with the Devon's people about the freight. But never mind, " there's as good fish in the sea as ever came out of it." Circular Head, Oct. 8. [We gratefully recognise the kind thought- fulness of our correspondent, but we are under an equal obligation to the Devon people as our aquarium was not constructed with a view to accommodating even a young whale. If, how- ever, he can induce Mr. Cowle or any other friend in the " far west " to capture a living Tasmanian tiger, and forward it to the collec- tion in the Town Park in this town, he will per- form a service for which he will receive the thanks of a grateful community. If a pair of these animals can be obtained, so much the better.— ED.Tas ] 