iTD(0CcUancou0. Itlrlinrd IVnKiirr. ,S..:ik flarhes of llichard \Vagner'a qimint ilry humor are iierccptiblo in or.!: of Inn nwii ?ketches of his lioyinh fanciex, ta»ten, and ambitions. ' Whi:n I waa ninn years ..Id.' ha writns^-'^Jiothlhg p'easnl m» soswell a». ? Kreischuetz.1 ' I often naw Weber jiami our linns.; as he cairie from rKht- arnalv' I ever cintemplailni him with ur'rril awr. My. tutor, whose rigulat function it was In explain Crirneliiia .NnjMis to n.e, waa nblig---l at lanl to contiont to givn mo pianoforte Ichkmis. A» soon as I had mastered a few finger irirmnw, I s.-l to work recretly . and at lira withnut Urn riotcs to learn the ? I'r. i».:liu. I/.' nm luiK. One day m» tut'' hapiinird to hi-ar iiw practiaing, and oU'-md lliat ? 1 nhuiilil nnver do' any good.1 ll« «»- .pifte light ; all my life long I'liavn'm-vrr Imrn ablr ti. lenin toiilay thn piano. However, I went 1111 jdiiy ing f-lr mr own m.Io pl-anur.. n.ithi.u: but riverturra, and with . . vilest fingering. Imaginable. . . ]. ??: My musical wxu ? * ' . ? 1 . i pali-iAs won', of coiirn', -.vondary matter' : the chief ones were -ir«k, Ii^lin. Mythology, and .Ancient History. I wroto poems, too. Onoi a schoolfellow die.1. and wo boys were initrtiAcd by our master to write; each t-! u». a set of verses up.m the death ; the best of all, he said, should bo printed. Mine it wa* that obtained tho honors of type, but not until I had pruned it of many oxerc*conee.«. At that tinvj I was cloven ycar« old. Nothing wonld do, naturally, but I must become a poet. I therefore sketcljed out an enormous tragedy, maije up' of about equal parts of ? Hamlet ' and] ' King Iyar.' The plot was really mo-t tretnendous. Korty;two hnman beings per i»h-j-i in the course of the piece, and I found my«U compelled, in order to render, ^per formance, foible.' to brins most of my clinjracter.1 ? on ' again as ghosts, »h otherwise I !-llbald haye boon nhort of dr/imntit pertnn.r forlmy last two.acts. I wa» busy with this play for two whole year*. At school (I-ipris) I became idle and knavish. The only thing I cared for was my great tragedy. Bethoven's miisk to ?Kguionl ' stirred me so powerfully jn.vt then that I resolved n^t to bring but my play upon' any account until it should be set to jmuiic of a siniilar character. I had per f.x|l confidence, in my own capacity to write the requisite music, but thought'it might per haps bo as well, before-beginning to comppso it.|to:.:iilighten myself with respect to a fqw elementary laws of thoroughbass. Totl(is end I borrowed Logier'a ' Method ' for a week, aijd studied it eagerly, but not with Mich fruitful r.-uilli ail had anticipated. The dijjjteuUicH of counterpoint at onco irritated ana fascinated me: I resolved to liecome n musician/ Meanwhile. my huge tragedybad hjen discovered by my. family, and had pro^ faundly ^addcned?tllem by conclusircly prov ing that I must have thoroughly neglected niy schoolwork on its account. Under these .circumstance* I held my tonguo about my new vocation as a musician: bat none the Id's did I furtively compose a sonata, a quar tette, arid ah aria. As soon as I felt myself nuiuciently matured by my soH-imposcd musi' clil studies, I made full confession to my p.Hiplc, with whom'I had hard battles to fight ; fnr they very naturally regarded my musical y.urriing as a passing passion — all the more no as it certainly was not baccd upon any real preparatory study, or even upon a certain Amount of faculty in playing upon any instru -iwnt. ... . - .' Just then tho July |lovo. lution broke out; instantly I became a rcvo luuoiii«t. and camo to the conviction that a innn po^-^es^ed of n grain of energy cannot bin be bomiJ to , 'occupy himself exclusively With politieji. Iforthwith I began an over, turo on.a political subject, quitted school, and Pntercd'tho University— not tn dcrot« myself to the study of a ' Faculty,' for I felt myself dedicated to a musical career, but to pick .up ?philosophy and n'sthctics. I took no silvan Itn.je. ?Khatsocvcr, however, of this opportunity .to improve my cdncation, but plunged into all manner of student excesses, with such fri !viilily ainl extravagance that 1 soon got sick lot them. When I came to my senses again, ;I felt the necessity of recommencing my .'musical studies at the very beginning, and ^ticking to them sternly. Providence pcr mitted me'to light upon the right man to in Ispiro me with new tore for the art, and render iil intelligible'fo mo by fundamental inatruc Ition. That man was Thcodor Wcinlig. : Under him I studied counterpoint, and learned 'to know and deeply love Mozart.' 