To the Editor of the Exwpress. SIEB,--In your issue of 12th May you devote a leader to the question of retaining the old name or substituting a new one for our township, Bacchus Marsh, which would of course be applied to the Shire also. The first thing to be considered is the origin, propriety, or impropriety, of the name "Bacchus Marsh," the first occupier of which was Mr. Cadden, who lived near to Bullen garook. He was succeded by Captain Bacchus, who built the house now the property of Mr. Crook, and occupied the country about as pastoral tenant of the Crown. With him I was not acquainted, but he was unboubtedly a reputable man. Frome him the place derived its name. With his son I was slightly acquainted. He was respectable. He married into a good family. So far then as the old Captain and his descendants are concerned, the adoption of an "alias" would be impropor and insulting. Then the name Bacchus, as the god of the grape, the god of wine, which had nothing whatever to do with the origin of the title, has got mixed.up inthe minds cf some. I acchus was a respectable and reputed god in his day and gene ration, now he is numbered with' the things that were, requiescat in peace. His name, of course, rankles ini the ears ofthose who can, and do, with the greatest propriety. thank God that they are not as other men are. To men of ordinary intelli gence, unblinded by self righteousness, there is nothing repulsive in the name ; they know that in wine producing csuntries the vic Of drunkenness is almost,unknown., Bbth you, and ,your corre pondent;' Mr? Pearce5, csnsideir that the -re ent name.would etand in the:wvay of progress and im provement when the raiway is opened to Mad dingley. The case of thb Chatt Moss will prove unmistakably your mitsalake. Why, in a very limited number of years bfter the completion of the railway that great ioft moss was growing wheat,its name notwithstsading. On the contrary, in the event of the name being changed, I predict that enany a one half a cdutury my junior will be " With the top of his nose And the tips of his toes Turned up to the roots of the daisies" ere the place " tines the cauld" of thecchange. In your issue of 12th May you advocate the dropping of the old name and substit'uting that of Merrimu. Izn the same leader you may " strictly speaking Bacchus Marsh has never seen christened." You are mistaken. About-twenty-six years ago BacChus Mareh was by the Govermnient proclaimed a town ship, under its present nanme. On the 6th June you say " the word Merrieu was applied in the early days by the aboriginis of this district to a whirlpool or deep hole in the Wterribeo in which they supposed the bunyip to dwell." Again you err, the Merrimu was a de.p hole in the Pyriete creek, in Mr. Conncll's lan~ at the east end of the valley; Now supposing that the name must be changed, " Pyrieto" is a muih prettier name, and it would have the advantag( over Merrimu for the purpose of an "alias" of being rather the bigger lie. In yours of 19th Mlay Mr. Pearce tells us that "there are names of eminent-statesmen. military and naval heroes awaiting oir choice." What! to be used for the purpose of an " alias." Assuredly the ghost of the great and good man whose name was selected for such a purpose would haunt the district and frighten the ivires and .children out of their wits. Of hamet of men of the proper stamp for the purpose ?f an ." alias," and suffiiciently eophonio sati even the ouphonious Thomas G. Pearce,!I Woulipropose Turpin,or better still Barrington, on account of his connec tion with a sister colony. It was he who wrote and spoke the prologue at a theatrical entertain menet given by him and some of his friends which began with these words-* " True patriots we for be it understood, We left-our country for our country's good." In your issue of 9Ph June you say, " the intrinsic merits of the name Merrimu are what we have stated them to be, and should it be adopted as the name of the new railway station." Ah ! murder ill out." So another burglary is in contemlation upon the metropolis of Pacrwan ! The name of her railway station is to be taken from her, oh? But Maddingley is not the Maddingley she was when she lost her courthouse, or when she was of her showyard bereft. Parwan is a now a strong Rid ing, having acquired a large accession to her terri tory since those misfortunes befel her, and is now in a position to defend her capital. You might conjure up in your imagination the future of Maddingley. Look at it muentally-a busy thriving Borough, surrounded by boher beautiful slopes, studded over with gorgeous "castles in the air" souggestedl by Mr. Pearce, and poor Barrington a dull melancholy suburb with her grand valley covered with flourishing vineyards, the property. of tie stranger, andt listen to.the deep execrations upon those who deprived her of her old and revered name. I takle no interest in the letters of your anonymous correspoudents. Still, gentlemen who write with crape over their faces might be expected to speak with authority on the matter of an alias. Mr. Pearce alludes to the taking of a final "plebiscite." It is passing strange if he does not know that the taking of a plebiscite is an impossibility. Surely he must have been thinking of "blatherskite." Be that as it may, the intro duction of the word "plebiscite" shows how the rind blows, and that you may depend upon the support of those who did their best to " burke"' the erection of the new Mechanics' and Shire hall, and that of the " no Popery" clique. If you would maintain your well earned reputation, take the advice of an old man, and keep better company in future. I have endeavoured to write this strictly in accordance with euphemnism. Tost KIssocK. P.S.-It has just struck me that the gentleman who paid a hurried visit to the Colonial Bank at Brunswick lately, and has since been prolific in the alias manufacture might, with advantage, be consulted. [So he might, as he appears to be a shrewd msn, judgieg by the letter he wrote relative to a fictitious relative in Pentridge, and he would not be likely to write such a farrago of nonsense as the above, which we only publish because Mr. Kissock is an old colonist whose idiosyncrasies are well knotwn and excused in this district. We have before us a "List of Government towns and villages, parishes, counties, cities, towns, rune, &c.;, in the colony of Victoria, compiled by the Lands Department, 1876," and the name of Dacchus Marsh is not in it as a proclaimed town ship; it only appears as a Road District created in 1856, which is probably the proclaniation Mr. Kissock refers to. We repeat that Bacchus Marsh abus never been christened. It was never surveyed by the Government, and no Government plan of it exists to this day. It has been recognised by the Government in various ways, but it is only very recently that its name appeared on the larger olfficial maps of Victoria, and it is now absent from the State School atlas and from most maps of the colony. The truth is that the inhabitants of the district have never, up to the present moment, had a voice in naming the place; it was called Cudden's Marsh, it is called Bacebus Marsh, and might have been called Dirty Dick's Swamp for aught the inhabitants have done to give it a name; they have simply atlowed the road traffic to Balla rat, Jim Crow (now called Daylesford, by the wa3) and Blackwood to bestow upon this valley an un suitable name picked up on thie wayside by travel lers in default of any other existing. The question is whether the inhabitants intend to perpetuate and expand this disability by allowing the most important railway line in all Australasia to rivet upon this district a name with such a pedigree and such intrinsic demerits, for Mr. Kissock may make his mind easy that the "revered" name of Btacchus Marsh will be applied to the station at MIaddingley in default of any change in the name of this township being made, for the Railvway Act specifies that it is a line from Footscray to Bacchus Marsh. However, we shall do our best to get a now name for Bacchus Marsh, and if the inhabi tants choose to adopt our reasoning instead of Mr. Kissock's no plebiscite difficulty nor any other will stand in the way. Persons who wish to retain the name of Bacchus Marsh, and to iegard the new name as an alias, can do so to their heart's con tent for all time to come, as no power can prevent them doing so, any more than-old people can be prevented retaining the fashions of their youth in regard to dress, and the practibe of both habits of conservatism is perfectly harmless.. As Mr. Kissoeukis.satirical on the' subject' of ai6:dlia it is fair to retort upom him that he is a/living oxem plar of the beauties of such a " vartion" for he alwaysaffects the "Tom" instead of "Thomas." It is our duty to add that it ill becomes Mr. Kissock, or anybody else, to sneer at.Mr. Thomnas G. Pearce and his opinions, as he is worthy of all' respect as the most enterprising man the district contains, and one of its most useful residents, socially and commercially eonsidered.-En.] 