VARIETIES. A RECENT issue of the Cambrian News Bays that the rector of Llanfairpwligwyngyllgoger tysiliogogoeh was recently charged with ob structing the highway near that parish. la Sardinia a poisonous herb, growing wild, and resembling parsley, causes those who eat it in riift lmi&hincr.; An exchange advertises :— ' Wanted for our next Christmas number a story of burglary or ghosts in which the night was not very dark without, and the wind does not blow in fitful pusts, anrt the old oak does not moan dismally. On receipt of such we agree to return the manuscript. An English statistician calculates that every man, on an average, speaks C2 volumes of 600 octavo pastes per annum, and that every woman yearly brings out 620 volumes of the same size in talk. A recent marriage notice in a contemporary ends with ' May their future troubles be little ones.' I 'What kin! of a verb is loTe?'1 asked the teacher. ' A fine-night verb,' replied the damsel. 1 A statnc has lately been found in a mound in I Esypt, which is believed to be not less than 4668 years old'. j Deaths by violence average over 40,000 a year in Bussia, there beine an average of 10 murders a day. Abont 1250 persons are frozen VVJ VlTiQVll C1UJ JVUli I TilegraDb. communication is now opened betweiQ Hongkong ami Canton. The rate for messages will be 3J. a word in addition to the charge to HongkoDg. I A lady advertises that she hns 'a fine airy, well- furnished bedroom, for a gentleman 12 It is estimated that the Queen's private for- I tune exceeds £30,000,000 sterling. J The Birmingham trade in idols is rather brisk, , A thousand glass godB have just been imported I into Butmah from Birmingham. They cost only - Is Gd each, and sell for eight rupees, nearly I . lGs. It appears from a paper lately laid before the I Imperial Parliament, that in the year 1882 there were 207,330 volunteers enrolled in Great Britain, of whom 109,374 were classed as effi- 1 ciente, and 7962 as non^efficienta* The ' pro- 1 ficients' who had qualified themselves for a 1 I special grant amounted to 17,621, of whom 6692 I I were officers, and 11,989 were sergeants. I 175,878 volunteers were present at the annual I inspection. I Recent returns show that Australia is, nest I to China, the greatest tea-drinking country in I the world, the consumption pi;r head being 71b j as agaiust 4 8ft in the United Kingdom. I Protessor Fiske thinks that by the end of the I 20lh century the English lmnaag: will be spoken by 800,000,000 people, and that nlti- I mately it will becomo the universal language j of mankind. j Ju DOING by an article in, the Times descrip tive of cattle ranches in New Mexico and I Northern Texas, cattle runs would appear to I bo worked in a more primitive style than those I in Australia. One of the surest signs of carnless I or incompetent management ot cattle in Uiese colonies is the presence on the run of numbers of f ull-Rrown unbranded cattle. At tbe annual '? rounding op ' on the American Tancb.cs (cor responding to our ' musters ') it is customary I to have to brand large numbers of full-Tron-n cattle j but, instead of branding them decently ] in a yard or ' crush,' as is done here, tbe ordinary mo'le of procedure in America appears to he to secure them by means of the lasso. A system of brand registration similar to that in force in this colony has been adopted, and imitation or falsification of a brand, as of a trade mark, is a punishable offence. The tystem of separating cattlo in a camp — or I 'cutting out,' as it is here called— is minutely I described, and the smartness of the 'cowboys' I RUd their ponies at this work excited the wonder I and admiration ot the writer. The men em- I ployed on those ranches appear «o rough it I quite as much as, if not mure than, stockmen I do in these colonies, for, unless the ' boss ' j himself Iivcb on tbe ranch, no cook is provided, I and the cowboys undertake ♦he work in turns. I Beef, taread made with sour dough, flap-jack, J pancakes, ten, and coffee form the usual diet. The ' breaking-in ' of store cattle to a fresh ranch seems to be as much a matter of difficulty there as here, and tiie ' boys ' have frequently to be dispatched a distamce of 160 miles in quest of stragglers. The cowboys are appai nnlln no MAMOrii/i -in fViOll1 liahita am ifi t.Vlf. fiivmt man of Australia. Each cowboy owns a horse, saddle, and blanket. The hone is kept at grass, and is only used to bring the boy to the ranch, or take him away if matters do not pro ceed satisfactorily between the 'boss' and himself . In that free and independent country Jack is as good as Mb master, and will not stand being ordered about, blown up, or even loudly talked to. 