. FOOTBALL. 1 9 The undermentioned matches took place on Saturday. The weather was, unfortunately, very inclement, the rain greatly interfering with the ' comfort both of players and spectators. ' HOLEBROOK V. RICHMOND. The return match between the first six-, teams of these clubs was played on the association ground, in tho presence of a fairly large number of spectators. Richmond having won the toss, the captain of the Mole brook team kicked off from the western goal at 10 minutes to 3 o'clock. It soon became evident that the teams were strong ones, and also that they were pretty well matched. No goals were obtained during the first half of the game, but the Holebrook representatives succeeded in obtaining five behinds to their opponents' three in the second half, however, Jones and Grant managed to score one goal each in behalf Holebrook, and 13 behinds were also credited to the same side, against two behinds obtained by Richmond. Thus the match resulted in a victory for Holebrook by two goals and 18 behinds to the visitors' five behinds. For Holebrook A. and B. Stuart, C. Goddard, C. Jones, P. Butler, A. Ward, C. Pringle, Scott, and E. Fincham played very well ; whilst for Richmond Bums (3), T. Bagley, and F. Gaby did their utmost to avert defeat. Mr. Wm. Cundy acted as field umpire, and Mr. T. Castray is goal umpire for Holebrook. 1I0LE1IK00K. V. RAILWAY. A match arranged to take place on the Battery ground between the second sixteens of these clubs proved a very one-sided affair. Whilst the Railway team was a strong one, > Holebrook mustered only 11 players, and several of those were substitutes. Pito game resulted in a win for the Railway by 8 goals to nil. During the first half of the match while the weather was fine the play was watched by a large concourse of people. CRICKETERS V. NEW TOWN. A match between the first sixteen of the above clubs was played at New Town, and, resulted in an easy victory for the Cricketers) by 6 goals 25 behinds to 7 behinds. Play commenced shortly after 3 o'clock, and L. Macleod, the Cricketers' captain, having won the toss, elected to kick towards the southern goal, thus having the advantage of the wind, which, however, shortly after the commencement of the game, dropped, and for the remainder of the match heavy rain fell, thus making the game anything but pleasant. During the first half of the game the play was constantly in the vicinity of the New Town goal, and when half-time was called the Cricketers had 2 goals and 17 behinds to their opponents' 2 behinds. During the second half of the game the New Town men made several good rallies, but failed to break through the strong back of the Cricketers, and when time was called the game stood as follows Cricketers, 6 goals 25 behinds ; New Town, 7 behinds. The goals were kicked by E. Burgess (who has kicked by for the largest number of goals for the Cricketers this year), 2 ; F. Tabart, 2 ; and L. McLeod and Geo. Field, 1 each. Besides the above named the following played well For the Cricketers : R. G. Kirby, W. Edmondson, C. Lewis, J. Reid, and G. Synnot and for the New Town : Hughes (:.), Brownell, G. Butler, Robb,' and Duffy. Messrs, W. Burton and F. Butler officiated as goal umpires, while Mr. F. A. Davenport undertook the office of field umpire, and gave general satisfaction. i QUEENBOROUGH V. VENUS. A match was played at Sandy Bay between the Queenborough (second 10 and Venus (first 10 clubs. The game was throughout rather rough, and resulted in a victory for the Queenborough team by 1 goal (kicked by Hearn) and 27 behinds to their opponents' 7 behinds. Those who played well for the Venus were P. Smith, Walton, and Marshall, whilst M. Kenny, F. Smyth, H. Davie, White (2), J. Nimmo,' and R. Hoad did good service for the Queenborough. FITZROY V. ALL SAINTS' CHOIR. The return match between the Fitzroy and All Saints' Choir was played on Fitzroy crescent, and resulted in favour of the former by 1 goal to nil. The goal was kicked by E. Whittington. The following played well for their respective teams 3-6. Sargent, Henry (2), H. Clark, E. Whittington, and W Kennedy for Fitzroy and H. Haines, E. Hortin, E. Rogers, and F. Thorne for All Saints' Choir. ' It Save My Lips. The value of human life is so supremely important that anything which tends to a prolongation is entitled to the richest consideration Speaking to us recently on this subject, Charles Nelson, Esq , proprietor Nelson House, Port Huron, observed I suffered so with rheumatism that my arm withered, and physicians could not hold ire I was in despair of my life, when someone advised me to try St Jacob's Oil I did so, and as if by magic, I was instantly relieved, and, by the continued use of the Oil, entirely cured. I thank heaven for having used this wonderful remedy, for It saved my life It has also cured my wife Port Huron (Mich.) Commercial, U.8.A.-80W by all Chemists. 7-2-81 < Kicking- Koli Toa Tilden and Breath. A few drops of the liquid " Floriline" sprinkled on a wet tooth brush produce! a pleasant lather, which thoroughly cleanses the teeth from all parasites or impurities, hardens the gums, prevents tartar, stops decay, gives to the teeth a peculiar pearly whiteness, and a delightful fragrance to the breath. I removes all unpleasant odour arising from decayed teeth or tobacco smoke. " The Fragrant Floriline,' being composed in part of honey and sweet herbs is delicious the taste, and the greatest toilet discovery of the age. Pilot 8s. 6d., of all chemists and perfumers. Wholesale depot removed to 83 Farringdon Road London Ghosts. An attempt is being made in the old country to revive the bullet In visitants from another world, and many are the wonderful stories that in some of the Journal. The sceptical mind is, however inclined to adopt Soroogo's remark to Marley's ghost r " How do I know that I you are not a bit of undigested broad f" for, of all the ghost producers, a bit of " heavy "bread In the most potent. It Isa wonder, therefore, that people do not adopt the unrest spell against ghosts by using Uorwlck's hold Medal Baking Powder In making bread t 'tor, although It won't " raine ghosts," It will rise bread In the most admirable fashion. Every wise storekeeper has it by him, and pray good housewife Trays MV, ït-0-83, ' Terribly damaging to the system and those Dory (compounds of cheap unrootllied'anuits, surcharged with fuel oil, which their nefarious vendors and Importers either insinuate or openly declare to be I .xmalto'ffoLi'a'sSomcii'i'si- Mr MA on? I a i, i -m 'Miss' M J 