A STRANGE WORLD. BY THE AUTHOB OP " LADY AUDREY'S SEOBET." CHAPTER XL. "THOD HAST ALL SEASONS FOE THINE, 0 DEATH !" What was it that Mrs. Trevanard would have told when death scaled her lips for ever! This was the question which Maurice Clissold asked himself many a time in those dismal days at Borcel End, when the house was darkened, while he and Martin sat together in friendly silence, full of sympathy, for the most part alone, Mr. Trevanard preferring tho solitude of the best parlour in this day of affliction. What was that circumstance or detail which she would have told him, and what clue to the mystery was he to discover from those two words, " family Bible," the only words that he had been able clearly to gather from the dying woman's disjointed speech! He suffered Martin full sway to his grief; staunch in friendship, prompt with sympathy, but never attempting to strangle sorrow with set speeches of consolation ; and then one evening, when Michael Trevanard had gone to bed worn out with grief, and when Martin was more composed and resigned than he had been since his mother's death, Maurice approached the subject which absorbed all his thoughts just now. He had told Martin that Mrs. Trevanard had given him her confidence, but he had also told him that the circumstances she had confided to him must remain a profound secret. " She has entrusted me with a hidden page of your family history, Martin," he said. " If ever I can set right the wrong that has been done—not by your mother, she may have been mistaken in her course of action, but she has deliberately wronged no one—you shall know all; but if I fail, the secret must remain a secret to the end of my life." " How good you are !" said Martin. •*' Can I ever be grateful enough for your interest in our troublesS" " My dear Martin, there is less cause for gratitude than you imagine. I have a reason of my own for being eager in this matter—a foolish reason, perhaps, and most certainly a selfish one. So let there be no talk of gratitude on your part." This evening, finding Martin in a more comfortable frame of mind, Maurice deemed it safe to question him. " You heard what your poor mother said to me on her deathbed V' he began. "Every word. She was wandering, I think, poor dear soul V' "I hardly think that, Martin. There was so much expression in her face as she looked at me, and she seemed so eager to tell me something. I feel sure that there was some additional circumstance, some previously forgotten detail of the story she had told me which she wanted to communicate in that last hour—something relating to a family Bible. Will you let me see your family Bible, Martin!" " Certainly. It is kept where all tho world can see it—all the world of Borcel End, at least. It is on the side table in tho best parlour. My poor father was reading it this afternoon. I'll go and get it." Martin took one of the candle9 and went into the next room, whence he speedily returned, carrying a substantial folio bound in brown leather. This was the family Bible—a goodly volume profusely garnished with oldfashioned woodcuts, and printed in a large fat-faced type on thick ribbed paper, mellowed to a yellowish hue by the passage of years. On the fly-leaf were recorded the births, marriages, and deaths of the Trevanards for the last hundred and fifty years, but beyond this plain straightforward catalogue the page held nothing. There was the first inscription, in ink of a faded brownish hue, recording the marriage of Stephen Trevanard of Treworgy, with Justina Penrose, of St. Austell, July 14, 1723, a marriage from which the Borcel End branch of the Trevanards had arisen ; and the last entry, in Michael Trevanard's sprawling penmanship, recording the death of Bridget, the beloved wife, &c.;, &c.; Maurice read every line of tho family catalogue—Muriel's birth, Martin's, but there was nothing here to suggest the faintest clue to Mrs. Trevanard's dying words. Then carefully, and leaf by leaf, he went through the volume, looking for any stray' document which might lurk between the pages. Here he found a withered flower, with its faint ghost-like odour of departed sweetness, there a scrap of sacred poetry copied in- a girlish hand—such a pretty graceful penmanship, which he surmised to be Muriel's. Yes, here was one half- sheet of note-paper, with an extract from Milton's Hymn, signed " Muriel Trevanard, Christmas 1851." "May I keep this scrap of paper, Martin 1" he asked. It struck him that he might at some future time be well for him to possess a specimen of Muriel Trevanard's writing— ready to be compared with any other document. " By all means," answered Martin. " Poor girl! She used to be so fond of poetry. Many an old Scottish ballad has she repeated to me, learned cut of some books my father had picked up for her at a stall at Seacomb market." Beyond those loose leaves of manuscript poetry, and those stray flowerets, Maurice's most careful search could discover nothing between -the pages of the family Bible. Qe began to think that Martin was right, and that those last words of Mrs. Trevanard were but the meaningless babble of a mind astray; with no more signifigance than Falstaff's dying talk of fair green fields familiar to his boyhood, or ever he had learned to find pleasure in midnight carouses, or tho company of Mistress Tearsheet. " By the bye," said Martin suddenly, while his friend sat with his arms folded on the sacred volume, deep in thought, " there's a Bible somewhere that belonged to my great-grandmother—a Bible I can juBt remember when I was a little chap— before Muriel's wits went astray, a Bible with queer old pictures in it which I was very fond of looking at; not a big folio like this, but a thick dumpy volume, bound in black leather, with a brass clasp. My mother generally used it when she read the Scriptures of a Sunday evening, and it was called Mother's Bible." " Was there anything written in it ?" asked Maurice. " Yes, there was writing on the first page, I believe." " How. long is it since you saw that Bible, Martin!" "How longV cchoed Martin, meditatively. " Ob, ever so many years. Why, I don't remember having seen that book since I was quite a little lad." " Did you ever see it after your sister's mind went wrong ?" "That's asking too much. I can't remember so closely as that; and yet, on reflection, I don't think I ever did see it after Muriel's long illness. I was sent to Helston Grammar School just at that time, and I certainly don't remember having seen that Bible after I went to school. However, I dare say its somewhere- about the house. Nothing is ever lost at Borcel. That Bible is among my poor mother's stores, most likely. She was always a great hand for keeping old things." " I should like very much to 6ee it, if you could find it for me by-and-by, Martin." By-and by meant when that solemn presence of the dead, which set its seal upon all things at Borcel, had been removed from the old farm house. " I'll look for it among mother's books next week," said Martin. " There are a good many books upon tho old walnut-wood chest of drawers in her bedroom. # * * * # Maurice stayed at Borcel all through that dismal week, though he received a very kind letter from Sirs. Penwyn, begging him to take up his abode at the Manor House for the rest of Mb stay in Cornwall. He felt that it would bo a hard thing to leave Martin in that house of gloom, and he knew that his presence there was some kind of comfort, even to Michael Trevanard, who had given way to complete despondency since his wife's death. The look of the place was so strange to him without Bridget, he complained. For nine-and-thirty years she has been the chief person in that house —the prop and stay of all things—the axis upon which tho wheel of life turned. The farmer know that ho owed her tho maintenance and increase of his fortune. It was Bridget's help, Bridget's indefatigable spirit guiding and sustaining him, which had made him rich enough to buy Borcel, had the Squire been disposed to sell it. She had taught him to hoard his money—she had held him back from all sharo in the Loisterous pleasures of his class; but she had kept his table liberally, provided assiduously for all his creature comforts ; and, in a drowsy monotonous way, had made his life easy to him. Hu looked round him now, and seeing her vacant chair, wondered what he was to do with the remnant of his days. The silent horror of the house stupified him. He went in and out of the rooms in a purposeless manner; he looked into the kitchen where the two girls sat stitching away at their black gowns, and looking forward to the funeral as a ceremonial in which it waB rather a grand thing to be concerned. He went into old Mrs. Trevanard's bedroom, to which apartment his mother was still confined by that chronic rheumatic gout which at times crippled her. Here he seated himself by the fireside, drearily, with his elbows on his knees, looking at the fire, silent for the most of his time, and shaking bis head despondently when his mother essayed some feeble attempt atconsolation—someScriptural phrase, which had been aired at all the deaths in the family for tho last sixty years. • " I never thought that she would have gone before me," crooned the old Jady, " but the Lord's ways are wonderful, and His paths past finding out. It's a sad thing to think that Muriel can't follow to-morrow. It will be the first time in our family that a daughter lias been absent at her mother's funeral." " Ah ! poor Muriel," said the father, hopelessly. " That trouble seems harder to bear now. It would have comforted me in my loss if I had a daughter to take my dead wife's place; some one to look after the servants and pour my tea out of a morning \ some one to sit opposite me at table, and help me off with my coat when I came in of a wet evening." " There's Martin," said old Mrs. Trevanard, "ho ought to bo a comfort to you." " Martin's a good fellow, but he can't be what a daughter might have been. A daughter would put her arms round my neck, and cling to me, and shed her tears upon my breast; and in tryiug to comfort her I should almost forget my own sorrow. A daughter could fill her mother's empty place in the house, which Martin can never do. He'll be wanting to run away from home, fast enough, you'll see, now liis mother's goue. She had a great deal more influence over him than I ever had. Who hadn't she influence over, I wonder ? Why, the very crow-boys thought more of her than of mo. Ah, she was a. wonderful woman !" " Yes, Michael," answered his mother, with a sigh. " She was a good and faithful servant, and in such the Lord is well pleased. She never missed morning and afternoon service, let the weather be what it might on Sundays. She read her Bible diligently, and she did her duty to the best of her knowledge. If ever she was mistaken " She never was mistaken," interrupted the widower, testily; " Bridget was 'always right. When Martin bought those Kerry cows, and I 6Colded him for buying' such 6mall mean-looking cattle, Bridget stood by hiin and said she'd warrant they were good milch cows. And so they were. I never knew Bridget out of her reckoning." The grandmother sighed. She had been thinking of something wide apart from the sordid cares of farm or homestead. Maurice attended the funeral, which took place on a chilly September afternoon, when autumn's biting blast swept across the broad moorland, and across the valleys, and stripped the yellowing leaves from tho orchard trees. The leaves were falling earlier than usual this year, after the long droughts and heat of the summer. There were three mourning coaches, in the first of which Michael Trovanord' and his son sat in solemn state. The second was occupied by Maurice, the doctor, and a neighboring farmer; the third by' three other farmers, long- standing acquaintances of tho Borcel End family. These people and their households had constituted Mrs. Trevanard's world. It was for'the maintenance of her respectability in their, .eyes she had toiled and striven; to be deemed wealthy, and honorable, and upright Above all other women of her class had been her desire, and she had been gratified. They followed her to the little churchyardLonthe hill-side, discoursing of her virtues as they went, and declaring her the paragon of wives. . Thay laid her in the family grave »f the Trevanards, and left her there just as the sun declined, and an air of evening solitude crept over the scene. And then they went back to Borcel End, where the blinds were all drawn up, and the house had put on a factitious aspect of cheerfulness. The table was plenteously spread with sirloin and chine, fowls and ham, decanters of port and sherry, shining tea-tray and silver teapot, all the best things in the house brought out to do honor to Mrs. Trevanard's obsequies. The four farmers and the doctor sat down to this feast with appetites sharpened by the autumn bteeiea, sad poo* Michael took hit pine at the head of the table, and. did his beet to perioral his duties of hospitality; and the funeral guests enjoyed themselves not a little during the next hour or so, though they studiously preserved the solemnity of their countenances, and threw in a sigh now and then, midway between fowl and ham, or murmured some pion6 commonplace upon the brevity of life, as they held their plates for a second eliee of beet " Ah," said the fattest and wealthiest of the farmers, " she was a respectable woman, There's not her equal within twenty miles of Seacomb." And this was the praise for which Mrs. Trevanard had toiled—this Was the highest honour she had ever desired. CHAPTER XLL FIRE THAT IS CLOSEST KEPT BURNS MOST ALL. Maurice did not leave Borcel End for some days after the funeral. He saw how Martin clung to him in this dark hour, when the senBe of bereavement was still a new and strange pain to the young heart, and, anxious though he was to return to his library and Justina, he lingered, loth to leave, since departure might seem unkind. When he told Martin that he had literary work to do—that young man being aware that his friend was some manner of author, though not in the least suspecting him to be capable of poetry—Martin argued that it was just as easy to write at Borcel End as in London; easier, indeed, since there wasBO small a chance of interruption." "I've heard you boast that the great beauty of your trade is, that it requires no ' plant,' except a ream of paper and a ' bundle of pens," said Martin. OF " Did I say that i Ah, I forgot one important item—the library of the British Museum, some millions of books, more or less j I may not want to refer to them very often, perhaps, but I like to have them at my elbow." " The hook you're writing is something prodigiously learned, then, I conclude," said Martin. " Not at all, but it is nice to be able to verify a quotation. But I'll tell you what I'll do with you, Martin. I'll stop at Borcel a week, if you'll promise to go to London with me when I leave. You told me that your poor mother's death would set you &ee.;" " So it will by-and-by; but not just yet. It would be unkind to leave lather while his grief is fresh. He's so completely down." "Upon my word, Martin, I'm afraid you're right," answered Maurice. " But, remember, you must come to me directly you feel at liberty to leave Borcel—come to me and share my home, just as you •would if I were your elder brother." Martin employed the day after th funeral in looking over his dead mother's hoards, a painful task, but not a difficult one. Bridget Trevanard's possessions had been kept with the most perfect neatness, every scrap of lace or ribbon folded and laid in its place. All the old-fashioned trinkets of her girlhood treasured in their various boxes; the desk and workbox of her school days in perfect order. Strange that these trifles should be so much less perishable than their owner. Bat despite his careful examination of his mother's drawers and boxes, Martin failedto find the object of his search, that old family bible with the brazen clasp, which he had described to Maurice. The book was nowhere to be found. Martin distributed his mother's clothes, the best to old Mm. Trevanard, to do what she liked with, the rest to the two handmaidens, both tolerably faithful after their manner, and honestly regretful of a mistress who, though sharp and exacting, had been just in her dealings with them, and careful of their comfort. The trinkets, and workbox, and desk, and a little collection of gifthooks, chiefly of a devotional character, Martin Trevanard put away, under lock and key, in the old bureau, opposite his mother's bed. He kept them for Muriel, with the faint idea that some day the light of reason might return, if only in some email measure, to that clouded brain. "No one else has so good a right to them,"'he said to himself, as he put away these homely treasures," and no one else shall have them while I live." . ' " J. suppose my dear mother must have given that Bible away," he said to Maurice, after describing his unsucessful search. And jet it was hardly liko her to give away an old 1 family Bible. She was one so much store by old things, and above all by her religious books." At that moment there flashed across Maurice'e recollection one hitherto forgotten word in the dying woman's broken sentence. " Gave—family Bible " That word "gave" confirmed Martin' idea; The Bible had heen given iway— but to whom? and why did it concern Mauritie, in his endeavour to right any wrongs of the past, to know that fact? Why, indeed, unless the Bible had been given to Mr. and Mrsi Edenj the people who took Muriel's infant ? He went over in his note-book the story which Bridget Trevanard had told him. He had been careful to write down all the facts, recording every detail as closely as possible, a few hours after he received that story of the past from the invalid's lips. (Joing over it carefully in the silence of his own room on the second night after the funeral, he came to this passage—" I made them take a solemn oath upon my Bible, binding them to perform their part of the bond." It was clear, then, that Mrs. Trevanard had carried her Bible to the loft—-that the oath had been sworn Upon her own Bible. Was it not likely that on so solemn an occassion as her parting with these people, who were to carry the last of her race—the nameless child she discarded—away with them, she, a woman of deep religious convictions, might have given them her Bible the most sacred gift she could bestow, symbol of good faith between them ? Now if this Bible had been given, and the name of Martin's great-grandmother, Justina Trevanard, was written in it, the fact would add one more link to that chain of evidence which Maurice Clissold had been putting together lately. {To be continued,) 