PUBLISHED WEEKLY.. t'JUDA Y. JUNE 15, 1SSSI Seldom has the town Council of Emerald Hill been waited upoii by so influential a deputation as that "which Mr. Ajixell introduced to them on Wednesday evening. Nor is, it ofteii that deputations are capable of making I out so good a case in; support of tho claim they put forward. < Mr. Arnkli. I said that. the opening .of the railway: ! wood' y5WJsw'in.""'fcli6''.viciniSy"*c>£"tlie • Albert-Park-station- had- proved' to "be' one- of-jbhe[greatest('' nuisaaidesj existing on the' Hill, 'and its lcaiger continuance would cause' a - very serious" deprecia tion of tlfe:\\\;liblc?of the tine properties which had been'-erected ill its vicinity. .The.- deputation did not' wish jto blame the Council .111 any way, but seeing that nearly "every resident, in Albert Park' signed: .the petition against the woodwards, flic Council should throw: tlie 'weight' of their influence on the side of the petitioners, and' aid them to get the Commissioner of Railways to re move tlie wood siding td a more suitable site, and one tlxat would inflict less in jury upon:' the. '-town. Mr. Greig .pointed out that the petition ought to. have weight witli . the Council, because the promoters had taken care to have a copy of tho petition circulated in every. , house before .signatures were solicited. It contained the signatures of all" the clergymen, doctors,! and magistrates in the district, and he liad been informed that one'medical gentle-; man complained of the injurious effect the noise of shunting the wood trains had already exerted on some;.of his patients. Persons keeping boarding, houses also complained of the loss of lodgers, through the quiet of ;the neigh borhood, having ■ been disturbed. Mr. Robertson pointed out that the exisfp crtce «£ a ■vV'^^'sicliiig in "tlie . midst of siioh a neighborhood as Albert Park '•was totally; out* of place. The noise during the night was intolerable. The wood trucks did'not just pass through the station like passenger trains, they stayed at the Albert Park* .'station shunting and unloading, making it im possible for: ponple to sleep after 3 o'clock in the morning. Nor were the .wood' yards' any benefit to the town,, to compensate. for, tlie inconvenience. "Wood was not sold any cheaper than formerly, so that the siding only bene fitted a few dealers. Jt shouId be borne in mind by the Council that , tlie land in the Albert Park district was sold at a high price, and "that costly houses had been erected—buildings ■ of - a totally different character to what would have been erected had tlie wood 'yard been formed before the.laiid was sold by the Government. The Railway .depart ment liad,. by .the establishment of tlie wood siding, done a great wrong to the property holders, and the Council'ought to see that the; siding was removed. If he were asked where to, his answer would be, to the Market reserve. Placed in that reserve the wood- yards would be a.s,ource of revenue to the Town Council. They had 110 wish to injure tho lessees,; all they. asked was that the nuisance of which they com plained should be at once removed. In reply to a question put by Council lor Mountain, Mr. James Smith said that instead'of going direct to the Government the deputation came to the Council, because the Council was the representative body charged with tho custodianship of the municipal interests of the burgesses. It devolved on tlie Council to see that their property was not injured by the action of the Rail way department. The construction of the wood siding/'afc Albert Park statimi .was a very- serious :mjury to their property. • He for -one would have built a very different class of houses had he known the Department would have opened wood yards. Those who built near a market erected shops and publichouses, and thus derived .a profit. Neither the property owners of Albert Park nor the townspeople generally'got any benefit from the wood siding. He trusted, therefore, that the Council would exert their influence to get the wood siding removed; without delay. Mr. S. Mullen stated that he had long been a resident in St. Yincent Place and had felt the benefit of the quiet it afforded after'the noise and bustle of tlie city. Since- the opening of the wood yards, however, .' there was no quiet in the neighborhood. The con stant shunting of the trucks, like Hamlet's- ghost, " made night hideous." He endorsed the remarks of previous speakers regaling the injury inflicted upon the town. Since the opening of the Department wood yards' lie had been charged 15s. for the same quantity, of wood, lie only paid 13s. last year, so that the cost of wood had been raised rather than che'apieiied ,by the yards. What they asked for .was the removal of the wood siding altogether, the mere stoppage of the whistling of the trains would hot be sufficient.' His. Worship the Mayor assured the. deputation tl iat the Council would give every attention .to the prayer, of'the petition presehted, and would do what they' could to meet tlie wishes of the memorialists. Coun cillor Mills said that, as the' mover of the resolution which had led to the opening of the wood yards,.' lie " might say that the Council never selected the present site. They asked- for the sid ing to te made in the Market reserve, butthe Railway department objected : and made the siding at Albert" Park. Councillor Kavanah considered the opening of these wood yards by the Railway department in the most beau titul and quietest part of Emerald Hill was a disgrace. Albert Park was the pride of tlie town, and the Council ought to do everything in their power to induce the department to rectify the mistake-that had been made. Coun cillor Stead was pleased to see the earnestness of the deputation. When the Government asked the consent of the Council to make the wood siding at tlie Albert Park station it was never contemplated that any nuisance or in jury would result. Now that tlie deputation had painted out tlie mistake made, the Council could wait .upon tiie Government-and ask them to remove tlie wood' yaVcls." His Worship the Mayor (Councillor Mackay) again as sured the deputation that the Town Council-would: do their utmost to :get the Railway : department to comply .with the wishes expressed in tlie mem orial tliey had presented- The depu: tation then withdrew: ■ Tiie" Emer.ild Hill Market is one of largest in the colony, and1 yields a very considerable revenue .to the town. Notwithstanding., this," comparatively little' jias vbeen hiiherto .done by.vthe Council-to provide for "the comfort; and convenience of the market gar cleners aud others doiug business there. .Recently au agitatation was got up with a view to force the subject of increased accqmjiiodatioai upoa the atteiition of Councillors. Meetings of produce dealers were held, aud a depu tation seut to the Public Works Com mittee upon the subject. We are glad to find that the Council has; already taken the initiatory steps to" meet the wants of this most deserving body of ratepayers. At the meeting held on Wednesday last, the following recommendation in the report of the Public Works Committee was unani mously adopted:—" Tour Committee have met the market gardeners and produce dealers at this market, and have also inspected the Melbourne Markets, and are of opinion that it will be desirable shortly to extend the market accommodation by the erection of two new market sheds, so as to accommodate the. whole of the dealers , and prevent them using the footpaths *s at present, and that .proper tables and other accommodation be there provided, and ;also that a Market In spector be appointed, who will see all regulations duly carried .out; bnt.as these works, &c.;, will cost a consider able sum' of mouey, your committee do.not now propose to deal with it, but recommend that provision be madie for this in the loan." V i Our readers will be glad to hear that Mr. R. Macgregor, M.L. A.; who*was taken1 seriously ill while ■ attending the football match,' List Saturday afternoon, is: in a fair way of re covery. • . " • • Teh third event of the Commodore's trophy, in connection . .with the Albei t Park Yacht Club, was sailed 011'Saturday afternoon lust, and resulted in ail easy victory for JIr. tr. Biirko's JL''augh-a-BalIiifih. . . This evening a lecture will' be delivered in the Congregational Hall, Howe Cresoui, Emerald Hill,, by. the Rev. .T. King,- subject, "A trip from Melbourne to tile South; Sen Islands." The lecture will be illustrated by more than 50 sciopticoii views of 1'olyuesia. These views will illustrate the rich natural scenery of the islands, the native customs, and the progress of civilization and Christianity, and will comprise "Tahiti, Raratougu, Samoa, Savage,; Island, i lfew Hebrides, Loyalty Islands and New Guinea; The lecture will be made up of personal'reminiscences. . The annual ball of the South Melbourne Swimming Club, which has always lrtjld such a high plaea among festivities of this class, will take place at the-Hmerald Hill Town-hall on Thursday evening next. V:' "Fair Play."—Held over till next week. 