wimm Thirlby Hall.* I Bt W. E. Nobbib, Author of ' Mdilb. db Messac,' &c.; Chapter XXX.— I RECEIVE ADVICE FROM HARitY AND MR. SOTHKRAN. It fallB to the lot of most men, at one time or another of their lives, to be compelled to look through the papers of a deceased friend or relative ; and some people, if one may judge by their subsequent oracular utterances and shakings of the head, do not find this task a wholly distasteful 'no. It is apt, no doubt, to lead to highly interesting discoveries, to throw broad and unexpected fights upon the character of the defunct, and to add something to the searcher's stock of knowledge and wisdom. Nevertheless, the act of prying into the Drivate letters of a dead man misht seem, if it Hi a not come under the head of a duty, to be not very far removed from the quintessence of meanness ; and therefore, let us hope, there will always be a certain number of hnnnat folks in the world who, after performing it, will go about for some days with shamed faces and depressed spirits. Perhaps, upon the whole, it is more charitable to prevent the risk of he nest persons being put to shame by destroying all letters of a strictly private nature while one is still in a ? position to destroy tnem ; and, for my part, I have always j endeavoured to act upon this principle. When I die, my j heirs, executors, and assigns will not find themselves over* burdened with manuscript. In the despatch-box which stands upon my writing-table they will discover my will, a few other documents of importance, and only a ningiq packet of letters, every one of which they are heartily wel come to peruse, and will indeed be all the better for perusing. These letters are written in a clear, cramped writing— the writing of a student, accustomed to making marginal notes. The hand that traced the crabbed characters has turned to dust ; the paper is yellow with age ; the ink has faded to a pale brown hue; the subject-matter relates to events which, for the most part, have long since passed into the category of forgotten tilings. Yet it still happens to me, every now and again, to read them over, and one of them (dated Thirlty, 10th July, 1851) lies before me now. In it 1 am informed that my uncle, having been told of Harry's mar- | riage and Jimmy's birth, and haying seen attested copies of | the marriage and baptismal certificates has felt bound to I invite the whole family to pay him a visit. ' After all that | 1 have said to you at different times,' the writer proceeds, | ' you will easily understand that I have not as yet com- | mitttd raj self in any way as to the ultimate disposal of my J§ property ; nor Bhall I do so in haste. At the same time £ want you to clearly understand that your chance of succeed* jg ing me here has been changed by events from a very good g to a very indifferent one. 1 dou't care to disguise from you £ that I consider what has happened as a misfortune both for ri vou and for me ; but 1 hope our backs are broad enough to fj bear most burdens. If not we must tiy to broaden them.' || And then, after many kind words and some sensible m advice, he goes on ' One thing you ought certainly to know, m namely, the amount of income that you may henceforth is! expect ; and as to that, I may Bay that, during my life, you t will always have a thousand a-year (including the interest ot your own money). After 1 die there will be a little more ; but not very much, I am afraid, for I think I am bound to 1 hand over the estate to my successor as I received it.' I My uncle was evidently very Borry for me; but for ;I myself 1 had no regrets. For some weeks past 1 had felt i convinced that Harry's restoration was only a question of 1 time, and it was a relief to have done with suspense and mystery. Of my own prospects 1 preferred, for the moment, not to think. 1 pushed the consideration of them into a | pigeon-hole of my mind, only remarking to myself that « they were no worse than I had expected them to be. At | that time 1 hardly knew whether a thousand a-year was a | large or a small income for a bachelor ; though 1 could not J but be aware that would ba ridiculously inadequate to the | requirements of Lady Constance Milner's husband. j My cousin had behaved bo badly to me that I felt under 1 no obligation to congratulate him upon the change in his 1 fortunes ; nevertheless, on the day succeeding thit of my J meeting with Maud at the Opera, I oould not resist taking | the train for Richmond. In this I was actuated, I own, % chiefly by curiosity. I wanted to see what Harry would do | when confronted with a direct accusation of double-dealing ,- | added to which, I was anxious to hear any account that j Paulina might have to give of her share in the discreditable j business. | Jimmy, who was swinging on the garden gate, descried me from afar, and come tearing down towards me with | extravagant demonstrations of joy. ' Oh, Cousin Charley !' j he exclaimed, ' have you heard r We're all going down to* morrow to that place where you live, and we're to stay a long time. Perhaps we Bhall stay there always, if we're j good, father says ; but mother says she don't believe a word s of it. Why don't you come with us ? ' j 1 answered that 1 hoped to join the party later. | ' 1 Bay,' Jimmy went on, turning ma sharp little faoe up to me, 'do vou think the old buffer will let us stop ?' I ?« i hope so,' I replied ; ' but I wouldn't cill him ' the ; old buffer,' if Iwerejou. He iB your grandfather, you | know.*' . . ^ ' So he is,' said Jimmy, with a delighted chuckle ; ?? ' what a rum start ! 1 should think he's sure to likejather and me ; but it mother chucks a glass of water in his face, j or something, he may cut up rough, don't you see ? ' i ' I dare say she won't do that,' X remarked. % Jimmy shook his head doubtfully. ' I wouldn't answer | forher,'Baid he; 'she's been precious queer all day laughing and crying, you know, the way she always does before Bhe pitches into one of us. I tell you what; I | wish she'd stop heie and let father and me go without j ter ! ° ^ X thought to myself that Jimmy was perhaps not the only person who entertained that amiable wish; but I made no reply. As we approached the cottage, Harry came slowly down the path to meet us. He looked a litUe nervous and seemed anxious to avoid my eye ; but it was in his ordinary calm voice that he said : — ' I'm glad you thought of coming down this afternoon. We are off to-morrow, as I suppose you have heard. Now, Jimmy, make yourself scarce ; your oousin and I are going to have some' private conversation.' When the boy was j gone, he added, ' I am afraid you are not best pleased. ' 1 am not pleased at having been humbugged,' answered I bluntly; for I didn't see why I should mince matters. ; ' 1 think it is quite light that you should go to Thirlby ; you know that well enough.' Harry sighed. ' The experiment is not likely to prove a success,' he said ; ' but 1 am bound to make it, I suppose. 'You are annoyed, I fancy, because I didn't tell you thatmy grandmother had been here the other day ; but really A couldn't help that.' . ' Why, jou told me in bo many words that she had noi been here!' I exclaimed indignantly. ... *' 1 hat comes to pietty much the same thing, doesn t vtt What could I do whta you put the question to mer1 June Ml old lady had made me promise that 1 wouldn't let anybody know we had seen her.' . ,, £9 ' I don't you ought to have said what you did, au £9 the same,' returned I. ' It isn't as if you had contents * yourself with simply denying the fact ; you spoke in sucn a ||H way that it was impossible to disbelieve vou. . msi7 -? But is there any particular merit in telling a ciaiMy |h lie?' asked flany mildly. 'If you say that aUhes are n wicked, 1 understand you; but as the ogly §H object of lying is to deceive, it seems to me that one may SH well do the thing artistically while one is about it. flH ' Well,' I said, ' I give you every credit for beinganric u class artist. I shouldn't much care to excel m that par ticular branch of art myself ; but there s no accounting 9H tastes. The drawback to being so very clever » ttat wbot h a man finds that you have taken him in once, he is apt w Buepect you of having taken him in before. ^ f|H Hany stole a quick sidelong glance at me, but sai» |H n°'You tell me,' I continued, ' that Mrs. Farquhar did 19 not wish you to mention her having bwn in youx ho » and that is all verv well. But what made her came to yog 19 house? I have an idea— and if I am wrong, you have on y ||9 yourself to blame for it- that you have been §? scheming to make your way back to Thirlby all U»e tune _ that you have been protesting to me that you -ua PQ t* me the Again. X tell you this because I may ^kV^^otberopportnnity, and because I should like you ^^e^tand that lam not an absolute fool, though I may ^wam'^apparent BhamdenmesB had goaded me into jmrrntbfT mora than I had intended; bat I became ^^Serounot feeling a kittle Lre at the proepsct of losing fine estate? After all, it would be strange if you were EC£* Think that I am, then, if you like,' cried I, in great i « Think bo, if toq can, after all that I have said and r?Tio prove myself' your friend, 1 suppose you can't ?wforflBiid how a gentleman feels about such things.' 'Bvall means,' said Harry, ' let it be agreed that I am '/ble of entering into a gentleman's feelings. Never Sides? I didn't as* Mrs. Farquhar to come here, and I didn't want her to come. I thought, and think, that the debt of Panli a would be quite enough to complete the *p!nti®ent of disgust with which my father has 'honoured me for to many years; and therefore, if I had been 'vpr-fap against you, the very last thing that I should have wished to make known would have been my marriage. The old lady had my address, and she chose to make a. descent upon Richmond without giving: me a hint of her intentions. If you don't believe me, ask her.' I did not know what to thins. I bad lost faith in Harry ; vet it was difficult to doubt that he was speaking the truth 'in this particular instance. 'Perhaps I ought to apolo ciEe,' 1 began at last, xather reluctantly. 'Pray, don't think of doing that,' he interrupted, with a fhort laugh ; 'nobody is brand to apologise to me under any circumstances. The only wonder is that you should have fa us ted me as long as you have done. But I tell you candidly that your present indignatim seems to me positively r dkulouB. why should I have wished to conceal from you that my grandmother had been here ? She asked me to keep it dark, and I made no difficulty about obliging her. As far ae 1 understand you, you would have done the same thing ; i cnlv you would have quieted your conscience by doing it so badly that you would nave been detected at once.' I was puzzled, and ingenuously confessed as much; j whereat Harry laughed again. «? i know.you are,' he said ; ' you think there is some dark plot on foot. Let me tell you the truth ; you can believe me or not, as you please. Mrs. Farquhar has thrown yon overboard, not out of any love for me, but because she Las taken a scare about you. She is a parsimonious old creature, and some one has told her that you are developing I into a spendthrift. Besides which, she heard that it was quite upon the cards that you might marry an extravagant woman. Immediately it occurred to her that even I, bad as I am, might be lees likely to ruin the estate than Lady Constance Milner, and she dashed up lure post-hasta to tell me eo. She was bo much in earnest that she accepted j Paulina without making many wry faces, and wept over j Jimmy. All this would probably have led to nothing ; but when my father heard that I had a son, he found out that it was his duty to try and make friends with me, and he has sent for me accordingly. What that will lead to remains to ? be seen. If you ask me, I expect that it will lead to the whole lot of u4 being kicked out of the bouse at the end of a week.' I By this time 1 was a little ashamed of myself. 1 held out my hand to Harry, who said—' Do you* acquit me of plotting end scheming, then ?' ' YeB,' I answered; ' I do. The fact of the matter is, Harry, that you and I have a different way of looking at things ; and I confess that I was a little staggered by your —your — ' ' By my readiness of resource, let us say. Now I do wonder whether 1 shall put you in a rage if I repeat the question that I started with ? Anyhow, I'll risk it. Are you feeling at all sore about my going to Thirlby ? ' 'You don't put me in a rage by asking such questions,' , I replied; ' but you astonish me rather. Haven't 1 been doing all I could to bring about this very thing ever since I first met you?' «? 'Yes; but success is not always as pleasing as endeavour. Ton ought to be feeling sore, you know ; it must be an in fernal nuisance for you. What about your matrimonial prospects, for instance 't ' I shrugged my shoulders in silenae. 'Now' listen to me, Charley,' said Harry, laying his hand upon my arm ; ' don't you hurry off to Lady Con stance and tell her the game is up. The game is not up at all. My father detests me ; unless he is very much altered from what he used to be, he will be simply horrified at Paulina; and I doubt whether he is of ah age to enjoy the playful ways of small boys.' I couldn't, in justice to Jimmv, refuse to accept the olive-branch ; but I look upon this visit as a very doubtful experiment, and I think there is an excellent .chance of my being finally cleared out of your l&th; before the autumn.' ' You don't understand your father,' said I. 'He will do what he belie veB to be his duty, whatever happens. Also, you are quite mistaken in thinking that he will detest any c! you.' 'We chal} see,' answered Harry, smiling. 'At all events, don't push Lady Constance into Mr. Sotheran's arms before you know what your fate is to be.' ' 1 shall tell her the exact truth,' I said. ' I shall tell lier that my uncle has cent for you.' ' Including my anticipations as to the result ? ' ' Oh, yes, if you like. Now I must be off. Am I to be allowed to shake hands with Paulina before I go ?' 'By all means,' answered Hany. 'I'll go into the house and fetch her.' However, he returned presently, saying he was sorry that bis wife was not visible. ' She his worked herself up into a state of excitement over this business, and the consequence ie that she is lying down now with a splitting headache. I'll tay goodbye to her for you.' I returned to town, meditating over Harry's advice, which seemed to be well-meant, and wondering what Lady Constance, would say to it all. I expected to meet her at a Dinner-party that evening; but when the time came she failed to make her appearance, having, as subsequently tianspired, sent an excuse at the last moment. I was not tony for this respite, as I thought matters might be more comfortably diecussed in Hill-street, whither I repaired as eany as possible on the following afternoon. The door was opened, after some little delay, by a young ?nan in plain clothes, who looked as if I had interrupted him lathe act of brushing the powder out of Ms hair. It appeared to me that he was struggling with a smile, as he said briskly ladyship's left town, sir.' 'By Jove!' I ejaculated, involuntarily ; and then I proceeded to ask when Ladv Constance had left and how re*nm might be looked for. Not coming back at all, sir, '' replied the ex- footman, evi dently much 'enjoying my discomfiture. ' Her ladyship left Jesterday, .morning for the Continent.' a ?™s to astounded that I turned, without another word, na should have talked away, if 1 had not at this moment Er*! ®e*WftJ'e of the slow and majestic approach of a well Mwa *hite waistcoat. I could not refuse myself the Pleasure of . watching Mr. Sotheran's demeanour under the ow which was about to fall upon him, and I stood aside as he ao.nnted the steps. . : .^fPEnfeed me with much affability—' How do you not aiwc^« how do '-you do? Warm afternoon, is it tinm ratd marched on unsuspectingly to receive his sen d^ghtedly *'*-S 8ervant- w'° was now grinning a ®on,eot he was evidently staggered. His eyes f8 ferge and round as those of the Firat Dog in the cut the Tinder-box ; his jaw fell, and he gasped jgj' what?— gone abroad?' But presently he re ni» customarv ? phlegmatic calm and drew out his ' w'™* with 'ir? Dear me, sir !' said the young man, upon lira» -?aaB?ra sodden emancipation from the shackles of il ^T6, produced a deleterious effect/ von ftpyhed at him heavily. ' I presume that longer in Lady Constance's servicie,' said he. k®1 ^tablishment, pray? ' -o CurtpJ» j e wae took by surprise, having been given least1'*0® ** we B*lonM bo wanted for another month at Bothmf?' a month's wages, I suppos?,'' Mr. '?terete?' ' What iB Lady Constance's present address, sir.' «ft ? returned Mr. Sotheran; 'she must have 8 for ** tetters.' ittg J58® ®aid he would inquire, and came back, 1 aoeett* , with the somewhat startling inform i tion that letters were to be forwarded to Poste Restante, Constantinople. Mr. Sotherah and I walked down the street together, community of misfortune making us almost friends for the lime being. ' This is a bad job,' I remarked. ' She has gone to have a look at the war, of course.' ' No doubt she has,' agreed my companion. ' Yes ; no doubt that will be it. It is, as you say, an unfortunate freak, and one that may be attended, I fear, with consider able risk. The last accounts of the cholera are most alarming. I almost question,' he continued, speaking rather to himself than' to me , ' whether 1 should not do well to follow her.' ' I hope to goodness you won't do that !' I exclaimed. And when he asked me why he should not, I answered, not verv civilly, ' Oh, well, you might get the cholera your self, you know.'' ' I should not allow myself to be deterred by any fears of that kind,'' said Mr. Sutheran. ' But might you not allow yourself to be deterred by fear of intruding where you were not wanted?' I suggested ; for, not being able to go to Constantinople myselt, I was unwilling to allow my rival so great an advantage over me. ' My young friend,' said Mr. Sotheran, not unkindly, ' you are of course aware of the hopes that 1 entertun wiin regard to Lady Constance. 1 have betn told, and I believe that there is a foundation of truth in the rumour, that you yourself hava similar hopes. Will you allow me to advise yon, in all good faith and sincerity, to dismiss any such vague notions from your mind ? The fact is that you have not the ghost of a chance against me.' ' You are very modest !' cried I, laughing. ' How can you possibly tell what my chance may be ?' ' Don't mieunderi-tand me,' went on Mr. Sotheran ; ' l(am far from asserting that Lady Constance may not pre fer your society to mine. But when it comes to so serious a question as that of marriage, I have advantages over you which every man and woman of the world must at once see and admit. 1 have reason to believe that Lady Constance does admit them.' So had I ; but I didn't say so. I contented myself with observing that Lady Constance was notjalways and alto gether influenced by considerations of worldly wisdom. ' 1 think, however, that she will prove to be so in the present instance,' Mr. Sotheran rejoined. ' So far as I am concerned, you are very welcome to try your be3t with her ; but I warn you that you will be disappointed. 1 have, in short, made up my mind to succeed/' he concluded calmly. ' And do you consider that an infallible recipe for success ?' I inquired. Mr. Sotheran paused for a moment before replying. ' Well, I have failed in some things, like moBt men ; but tbat has always been when I have attempted a task beyond my powers. This task is within my powers, and I have no tear of failure. I have been perfectly open with you, Mr. Maxwell,' he added; ' because, in spite of the— may I say juvenile petulance ? — with which you have sometimes treated me, I like you, and because I think it is a pity that you should waste your time in the pursuit of shadows. Believe me, you will do very well without Lady Constance Milner. I will even go further, and say that, in my humble opinion, Lady Constance is not good enough for you. I am by no means blind to her defects, 1 can assure you ; but the difference between us is that you will outgrow your present fancy, whereas I am too old to change. Good evening to you. Think over what I have said.' And Mr. Sotheran turned into Brooks's while I walked on, comewhat nettled, but with an increased respect for my elderly rival. I soon banished him and his warning from my thoughts, however, and fell to busying myself with conjectures as to the cause of Lady Constance's flight. Debt— satiety— caprice— any one of these might have sufficed to send her off on her travels again, and it was quite in accordance with her habits to disappear without taking foimalleaveof her friends. Yetl thought thatshe might have made an exception in favour of one of them, and as soon as I reached home, I wrote her a letter in which I gave pathetic expression to this sentiment. Remembering that we had parted almost in anger, I implored her to forgive me, if I had been so unfortunate as to incur her displeasure ; 1 begged her at least to let me know what her movements were likely to be; but, after considering of it, I decided not to bring forward the subject of my cousin's resuscitation. Such an announcement at such a time might be fatal ; and if Mr. Sotheran carried out his threat of following ner to the East, there was no saying what she might not be brought to consent to in a moment of despondency. When 1 had finished and dispatched my letter, I sur prised myself whistling in a light-hearted manner, and asked sternly myself what I meant by such conduct. I ought to have been weeping and tearing my hair. I had been ae- j ceived— more or less deceived, at all events — by my friend ; j 1 bad been deserted by the object of my affections; I had been calmly defied by a formidable rival ; and I was about to be disinherited by my uncle. Why, then, in heaven's name, should I feel like a schoolboy let out for a holiday ? Being unable to reply to these pertinent questions, either then or the next day, when the same unaccountable gaiety of spirits took possession of me, I felt drawn towards ob taining the opinion of an unprejudiced person upon my case ; and so it came about that, exactly 24 hours after the disappointment which I had met with in Hill-street, I was ringing the door-bell of Mrs. Saville's house in Portman square. Mrs. Saville, I was informed, had gone out driving, but further inquiry produced the pleasant intelligence that Miss Dennison was at home and would see me. Under which circumstances, I devoutly hoped that Mib. Saville's drive might be a prolonged one. 