THE WOMAN WHO 8AVED HIM [THE CRYSTAL STORIES.] CHAPTER VI.-Continued. There were two glasses of gin called for, and the landlady who supplied the article looked at Bill's closely cropped hair, and guessed immediately where be had come from. There were a case of biscuits, a water jug, and two metal spoons lying on the counter, and these she removed with promptitude and des patch. And it might have been observ ed, that she took the price of the spirits from Mr Kelly before dispensing the article, although the gentleman affected not to notice her ridiculous want of confidence. "Here's luck," he said to Bill, taking up his glass "Thankee," answered the other, but he did not imitate his example. "Of course," said Mr Kelly, with a nervous couch, "you have not mention ed my name in that little matter which lagged you so unfortunate, Bill. "Yer her brother, ain't yer ? " was his response. "Yes her only brother. " "It ain't likely I should have said anythink agin yer then," he remarked "' or let out who put me up to the dodge of gettin' at them goods. " "I've had a stroke of luck since then, he said. 1 can put something in your way, Bill, which will very much sur prise you. In fact, he added dropping his voic '`s friend and I have been talking, -,t you as a sharp fellow, who only wants a chance. You don't touch your gin Bill." Bill put his hand towards it, and then let it fall to his side again. "How is she?" he asked. "She- Who; what are you talking about, now? "Your sister" Oh! she enjoys wonderful health. She has gone to Spain with the old woman for five years or so. "Did she ever say anythink more about me?" asked Bill, " that I 1 was a reg'lar bad un, not to go to her house and so on? " " She thought it a good job you didn't after all. And so it was, Bill. She would have preached you to death; she I would have talked and talked; she would- " ' Mr Robert Kelly stopped suddenly, and his lower jaw descended almost to his chest in his amazement. The glass that he was raising to his lips was put ' back on the counter, against which he i set his back for support as though he C had seen a ghost, whose appearance there had utterly dismayed him. And I it was some one as white as a ghost, at a least, who glided in and put a gloved I hand on the arm of the discharged pri- a soner. a "Bill, I said. would come and see n you, " said Marjorie Kelly. I Bill Desmond shrank away from her 1 touch as though a hot iron had seared a him, and all the color rushed into his face, and then left it again, leaving him t as white as she. b "The lady, " he whispered hoarsely, c "' Jemmy's good lady!" " "As you did not come to me, Bill" p she said always adopting that abbrevia- t tion of his Christian name, with which a he was most familiar. " I have come to 9 you, as I promised. I should have seen f you before, only I have been ill of a a fever caught that night your brother ' died." "But you don't know ----" 1 " That you have been in prison, " she r answered. Oh, yes, I do. And I want ' to save you from going there again. " t Bill looked, writhed slowly away f from her touch, and muttered--- " Why can't yer leave me alone? I I am born a bad un. I ain't worth think- L ing about no more. I "I promised Jemmy," answed Mar- I jorie Kelly, "and it has been upon my i conscience that I haven't kept my word. o I have been unhappy in my helplessness. I wanted to save you if I could !" a "Did yer?" he added, eagerly. I Well-thankee, lady, thankee. But a it's too late. 5 "It is never too late," she cried, "to 0 say, "Father, forgive my trespasses c against Thee, and turn me from the o error of my ways. " l "Yer brother says it is, and he's a e cute cove, and knows a lot of things," replied Bill, moodily. p " My brother is a poor wretch, indeed o if he tells you it is too late," cried Mar- n jorie, confronting Robert Kelly, whose v turn it was to wince and look away, a "you must not believe a word he says, Bill. You will come away with me, a v short distance from here; there are a friends waiting for you--waiting to p help you. " I "I ain't got no friends." h "Oh! yes you have," was the reply, v "plenty. Friends who have heard my c story and are interested in you; who a think with me, that the love you bore p your brother, the care you took of him, f the hard work you did for him, prove t there is great goodness in you, waiting g it's time. And the time is now, Bill." a "They'll want to put you in a Refor- e matory, " said Mr Kelly, with a laugh, a "I know their little games. Another t prison with a new name to it, that's all, d Bill," a "Why do you wish to set this boy t against a better life," cried Marjorie I facing her disreputable brother again. c "Because it's all no good, " was the a reply. "Because it's no business of f yours to watch and sneak about here c like a detective-to follow him and me: you, a la3y, too, to the bar of a common publichouse like this. Because you i haven't treated me well, and introduced me to any of your swell friends, who i could have given a lift to a man on whom the breath of slander has never a rested yet. Because you are unjust and inconsistent, Marjorie, and, you will a excuse me, full of silly prejudices. If you want to protect anybody, " he cried, "protect me. Here I am. " "You can see what this man is, even, in his shallow cunning, Bill," she said I contemptuously, "is it so hard to choose between his advice and mine ?" I " I have been in quod-I haven't even a good karacter there, I'm past making anything out of, lady, I am, indeed !" he said slowly. "It is werry kind on you, but it's no use. Nobody trusts me, nobody ever will." He reached his hand towards the gin-glass again, and it was shaking strangely. Robert Kelly pushed the glass towards him, but his sister Mar jorie took it from his nervous fingers and emptied its contents upon the floor. "I trust you, Bill," she said. "You I" " With all my heart," she answered. "I trust you from this hour, if you will leave that man, and come with me." " 'll come !" cried Bill, suddenly. "Take me away. Give me one chance, and see what 'll do 1" "Come at once, then." " Yes-at once." " Well, of all ungrateful people-" murmured Robert Kelly. My own sister turns her back upon me-and this is a charitable country," he added, shedding tears on the pewter-covered counter of the Sun and Dove, as its doors were swung open, and Marjorie and her strange protge? emerged into the street, and went rapidly onwards. "This is cos you trusts me," said Bill, " not for my own sake." "For no one else's, Bill ?" " Well, Jemmy's p'rhaps. Jemmy wouldn't have like me to get wus and wus." "And for another's, Bill ?" " Who else's." " God's." "Ah! yes," he answered softly, "I see now." 