WIT AND HUMOR, On» of Fox's Martyrs—The hen. The beat all-round performance—In a circus. Oo to the butcher's if you would hear joint debates. A person who onght " to rule the roast"—The cook. Where do ghosts come from ? From gnome man's land. By a Ooofcney.—We cannot be robbed of time, because it is always hours A rich widow is the only secondhand article that brings a first-clasp price. " I am dressed to kill," as the recruit said when he had donned his uniform. The artist who painted " the perfect picture of despair" was the man who drew a long face. Husband: "Msxj, my lore, this apple dumpling ii not half done," Wife: " Well, finish it, then, my dear. If you doubt this, ask—well, say, <onr sister—The most important thing in a dress is incontestably the woman who wears it. President Arthur was once a schoolmaster. Some of the office-holders are anrioas to know whether they are to be " kept in." " The health of Washington!" exclaimed Mrs. Partington, reading the head line in the newspaper; " why, I thought Washington was dead." Old lady (to chemist); "Are you quite sure this is carbonate of soda— oat arsenic!" Chemist: "Quite, ma'am; try it, and judge for yoursolf." "What bird does that gin fizz remind you of t" queried Aloneagain. " Give it up," says Dewy. " A white (wallow," answered the connundrum constructor. London is complaining of homeless cats left to wander about the streets while their owners are out of town. Shade of Dick Whittington ! can such things be? . A well-known lawyer declared one day at a dinner that the biggest thing he had ever done was to cross examine a man. until he did not know whether he was married or not. In India eggs are hatched by the heat of the sun performing_ the part of the hen; therefore let it no longer be the boast of Englishmen that the sun never " sets " in British provinces. A young lady was presented the other day by one of her admirers with a valuable pug dcg. She returned it with a note, saying, " No, thanks; I am not rich enough to dress up to •he png." Con. for Intense Ones: Why might one suppose that Webster, the lexicographer, was lan aesthetic ? Because he enthusiastically says in his dictionary that the verb speak" is to utter. "Does our talk disturb you!".said one of a company of talkative ladies to an old gentleman siting in a railway carriage the other afternoon. " No, ma'am," was the naive reply, " I've been married nigh on to forty years." A woman having occasion to visit an acquaintance living in a neighbouring town, took her in a railroad carriage. Surprised at the short time in which the journey was accomplished, she remarked that if she had known she could have got there so quickly she would have walked. An Englishman landed at Dublin a few months ago, filled with apprehensions that the life of any loyal subject was not worth a farthing there or thereabouts. The Land Leaguers, he imagined, were assassions, and all that sort of thing. But-it was Us duty to travel in the land—a duty be approached with fear and trembling. Now there happened to be on his route "a number .of towns the names of which begin with the suggestive syllable " KiL" There 'was Kilmartin, And so on. In his ignorance of geographical nomenclature his affrighted «enees were startled anew on hearing a felloe-passenger remark to another as follow-: "I'm just afther bein' over •io Kilpatrick." "And I," replied the •other after bein' over to Kilsnary." What murderers they are 1" •thoughtthe Englishman. "And to 4biidc that talk of their assassins tionsso ptfbTidy 1" But the'oonversation|wenton. u And where are ye goin' now TV aAed . assassin No. 1. "I'm goin' trains .and>&en; to Elmore," was /No. ?'s reply. ; The • Englishman's blood,curdled. "Kilinore i» it padded Me, ^ 'j/iYouV! better be enmmin' albng -wud me to KilmauW •;; It '.is related that the EnnliBhmen lift the tr∈ at the next «t»tion.'•: • ,.• J,j'tiij.;,'..' • WMTOH'S WTTAED '. -Ott.—-In this wonderful Mediane/ the discoverer belief harmony asore of Nature'* jovereign . curative properties whieh Godbasimstilled into the vegetable kingdom fortealing the Sick tW»re to be found in any .odier remedy.: It cuna ail diseases of 'the throat, lungs, u m and sbooD ; .Twin 