CUSTOMS OF BURIAL. (The Times.) THERE are four modes of disposing of the dead with which all Englishmen may be said to be more or less acquainted. One is the interment of the body in the earth its practised among ourselves. Another is its cremation by fire as followed by the Hindoos. A third is its exposure to sun, rain, and air, which ends in its being devoured by wild birds or wild animals; this is the; Zoroastrian method adopted by the ancient Persians and the still surviving Parsees. Lastly, there is the ancient Egyptian process of preserving the most important parts of the body in the form of a mummy. There is no doubt that all these " mortuary cus- toms" owe their prevalence to the influence of special religions. The direct worship of the dead, which seems to have grown out of some system of ghost propitiation like that which is universal among the North American Indians, has been prescribed by the great moral religions ; but, nevertheless, each of these religions seems to have a method of dealing with the dead \vhichiteitlier prefers or exclusively sanctions. All Mahomedans bury ; the burning of the body is certainly thought by them to imperil the future lot of the dead. On the other hand, the great majority of Hindoos burn the corpse. Christians, in the course of the history of their religion, have both buried and burned ; but the organised Christianity of the Church shows a decided preference for the burial of the dead in the earth, and, in the short-lived controversy which sprang up a few years ago on the subject of cremation, it became clear that large numbers of persons regarded the burning of the dead as irreligious. The Parsee fashion of exposure is enjoined in the strongest language by the sacred book of that community, the Zendavesta and as enough is known of the Egyptianliterature to show that much of it was concerned with the fortunes of the dead in another world, we cannot doubt that the preservation of the body in the mummy condition was either enjoined or recommended by Egyptian religion. Now, it is a curious fact that all these mortuary processes burying, burning, exposing, and mummifying-are found among the Indians of North America, but then they are mixed with others, manifestly connected with them in some way, which, by their very variation from the better known methods of treating the corpse, go a long way to show us what these last meant and how they arose. The whole group of mortuary customs raise a strong suspicion that the human race in its infancy tried all sorts of experiments in disposing of the dead, and that a few of these fashions were taken up by special religions and have thus become familiar to us. We will illustrate our meaning by one remarkable instance. Bombay, the third or fourth commercial city in the British Empire, still submits to a terrible standing nuisance, rather than offend the religious feeling of one of the most energetic and loyal sections of the Bombay community by forbidding the Parsees to expose their dead to carrion birds in their so-called Towers of Silence. There is no doubt that the religious sanction for the usage is extremely strong. That extraouli nary book, the Zendavesta, which, now that it has been translated, proves to be strangely unlike the conceptions which had been vaguely formed of it, is full of passages which seem to show that the priestly writer could hardly contain himself when the thought of burial under the ground occurred to him. The earth groans and travails when a dead body is interred in it and the book constantly bursts into execra- tion against those who are guilty of such a pollution. Many highly ingenious explanations have been given of the Parsee exposure of their dead. One of the most plausible is that the Persian ancestors of the Parsees, at all times a mountain people, came originally from some seat of much elevation, where vegetable mould was scanty, and probably very valuable. Mr. Wilson, the author of the " Abode of Snow, fell dangerously ill at a great height in the Himalayas, and was tenderly nursed in the hut of a Moravian missionary. He was much touched by the solicitude displayed for his recovery by his host and his host's wife ; but, when he got well, they confided to him that their great anxiety had arisen from the difficulty of giving him Christian burial, . if he had died in a place where there was nothing but rock and snow. The first report of the Smithsonian Bureau of Ethnology suggests, however, some rather different explanations. It is remarkable that among certain tribes of Indians the exposure of the dead, exactly as practised by the Parsees, is reserved for warriors who have been killed in the field. If one of them (p. 103) " is killed in battle, the body is never buried, but is left to be devoured by beasts or birds of prey, and the condition of such individuals in the other world is considered to be far better than that of persons dying a natural death." A little reflection may convince us that the practice, by way of exception, is extremely natural. The dead warrior left on the field would in reality be Arery often devoured by bird or beast, and this might easily come to be regarded as a specially honourable end. At the same time the opinion that here we have the origin of the Zoroastrian burial of the Zendiivesta cannot be quite confidently entertained. The curious report before us shows that the Indians follow many fashions with their dead which come more or less near to the Persian exposure, and which may very well have suggested themselves to primitive mankind. One of the com- monest of these, commoner apparently than interment in the earth, is called by the writer of the report " aerial burial." Probably it began in a country of dense forests. The corpse is extended at length on the branches of trees at some height above the ground. Elsewhere an aerial burial takes the form of depositing the dead on high artificial platforms, and occasionally, precisely as with the ancient Persians, on high mounds, natural or artificial. At present the Indians begin by protecting the body against bird or beast. It is swathed in complicated coverings of bark, and placed at a sufficient height to be out of the reach of animals. But iii the end bird or beast gets at it, and, as the dead man is gradually forgotten, his tribe and kinsmen become indifferent to his being devoured. It is fortunate for mankind that burial in the earth became long ago the commonest form of interment. The vegetable soil is the great purifier, and but for this beneficent property it is probable that the dead would have wrought widespread destruction among the living. Yet this kind of burial does not seem to have occurred to primitive man- kind as easily and naturally as our acquaintance with it would lead us to suppose. The most savage, and possibly the most ancient form of it is called by the writers before us " pit-burial." The corpse, forced into the smallest compass which is practicable, and therefore generally in a squatting position, is placed in a hole in the ground just large enough to contain it. But, in countries of large-forests, such as were inhabitated by many of the Indian tribes, "pit-burial" gives way to the practice of placing the dead in hollow trees. Where the surface of the ground is hard and stony, they are commonly placed in cairns of heaped stones. It is remarkable, however, that wherever these tribes show a slight advance they evidently contract a certain repugnance to permitting any contact between the dead and the actual earth, so little do they value for itself. the method of interment which modern science prefers the most of the t ite contin mcesxvitlnn then means are resorted to by them to keep the soil from the corpse It is carefully swathed in folds of talk 01 with in fitting if the) can weave it Here and there i solid construction of young trees 01 split wood forms a lining to the grave in the neighbourhood of the quail ous American m es the In dians pi ice then dead in disused canoes before bin) ing them, and here the) come sin pi lying) close to the modern coffin, which indeed may be pretty conti (kuti) filled to the ancient conti nances for shielding the dead from the earth itself Ills further to be lemon keel that, amonG in in) of the tubes, bumlisonlj i temper i j dispose d of the de nil As soon is the flesh is desired the bones he removed from the gi are and placed, in skeleton form in a 'Qiuogozon crossing lhepieseiva tion of the dead as mummies is known to the Indians, but is very imperfectly) executed Like the Eg) pt in, the) oecd sionally take it in the most sensible parts of the body and levi ice them by on ticular mosses and herbs Here and there, too, they bind found it vegetable prepare tions supposed to have a piece still effect but they have nothing like the manifest skill of the Egyptians, nor anything like then special ceremonies and games There he however, certain legions of the Continent in which the day as will be its natural action comes the corpse into a mummy, and certain tribes have a lex alting practice of removing the skin from the body and then stuffing it, ex tctly as we study the skin of a dead bud We come, last of all, to the definition of the dead, which is common enough, though not so common as ordinary burns It seems to be, on the whole, the usage of tribes which ha) e made some steps tow yds civilisation We may observe, howe) of, the somewhat curious in an instance that among the North American India is the burning of the body is a mere) preliminary process It has already been mentioned that burial in the earth seems to be a gain ded by some of them as a method of obtaining the skeleton, and the destruction of the residue is sometimes artificially assisted in the case of cremation, the object appears to be to get rid of all except the skull and the large bones, which an then carefully) preserved The Indian practices of cremation are, however, especi- ill) interesting through the light which they shed on two very curious subjects-the disposed among primitive men of the pro- perty of the dead and the treatment in can by ages of the dead man s widow It his frequently been noticed by the obser v ers of these tubes that when a man dies, his family his wife, and children, get little or none of his property Mr L H Morgan wo) e this fact into his picture of primitive human society as conceived by himself, and supposed it to be a lobe of the savage social order under which the family hardly existed, and under which a nuns closest relations were not with his wife and children, but with his tribe or a section of it but there is much in the papers before new inch suggests a doubt of the soundness of Ali Moigms trees) and points to a different explanation of the destitution to which the wife and children of the dead man are frequently) condemned the belief of these Indian tribes is mm is ill), it should be under stood that the dead man is, in a sense, still living He has, indeed, gained access to another world, but he is constantly testing the world of his former life, in which he lets himself be seen by his tubes men met his fund during their die uns and visions His pOwers have been in one used by his death, to some extent for good, but to a far greater extent for oil lie is pectin or) apt to exercise these mile hunt powers in punishing neglect, stage ness, of disrespect on the part of his running 1 missed for in the other world he is just as much in need as he v) is of what during his life made up his we oath, and his plan in the spirit society to which he his gone depends apparently) in great measure on the honour paid him it his time in Out of this belief anse two customs-one of destroying the dead man's property so that he may enjoy it in the ghost world the other of paying him to spect by fund ii ceremonies and funeral fe isis of moulin its splendour mci cost the primitive usage appears to have been that the whole of the property of the dead was dest o ed by burning it, or by rendering it unfit for use But of all the v du ible possessions of the dead man there is one which he would peel ipsmostdesuelo have within in the works offspring This is his wife We need scarcely say that, even at so late a date as the first thirty years of the present cen day, the widow of a Hindoo was burnt on the funeral pile of her husband There are Indian officials still alive who have attended at the ceremony on the part of the Government to make sure that the woman assented Now that the British law, a law about half a century old, has forbidden the self immolation the widow is practically condemned for the rest of her life to humiliation and set of tide It is most singular to find among these Indian tubes the traces of a similar course of reform It cannot be doubted that at one time the widow was burnt or buried with her husband But the spontaneous change of ideas has modified the institution. The widow is no longer burnt, but among certain tubes (to keep up the principle she is subjected to a process of (so to speak) singeing Having, however, under the modified custom escaped from actual burning, she is condemned to some years of cruel humiliation, in some respects curiously like that which the Hindoo woman is understood still to suffer " She is now considered and treated as a slave " She must obey the orders of all the women, and even of the children, belonging to the village If weeds appear on her husband's grave she must root them up, and always with her fingers But her most remarkable duty consists in her having to collect the larger bones of her husband's corpse, to roll them in an envelope of bush bark, and to carry them for some years on her back Many widows commit suicide under this complication of cruelty, but if the faithful widow lives and perse version three or four years her husband's friends and relatives agree to liberate her from her servitude There is a great feast, speeches are made in her honour, her husband's bones are buried ยก and if she pleases, she can many again Tew widows, however significantly adds the observer, are willing again to encounter the risk A FURTHER consignment of ten tons of plumbago has been brought down here from the "Mount Bopple plumbago mines, for ship- ment to London (says the Wide Bay News). The proprietors, Messrs. Drain and Powell, are to be congratulated on this parcel, which is by far the best they have yet brought down, and is much superior to the best Ceylon. As graphite is now becoming somewhat scarce, the Cumberland mines having been worked out, this shipment ought to command a good market. Mr. Drain, who claims to be the first discoverer of plumbago in Australia, has been for some six or seven years engaged in bringing this black mineral to the light of day, and there are now tangible signs that his perseverance is about to be fully rewarded. A PHYSICIAN was recently called to prescribe for a young miss of seven summers who was suffering from a severe cold. Some nice powders were prepared, but the little girl declined to even taste one of them, The doctor said in a coaxing tone: "Why won't you take one?" "Because, came the reply, " you gave grandma some powders once, and she went away and never came back and I don't want to go away." 