The celebrated tragedian, Herr Band mann, assisted by a company of twelve performers, appeared for tho first time in Geelong on Saturday evening in the Exhibi tion Theatre, in Shakespeare s sublime tragedy of " Hamlet." The proverbial unsuitability of Saturday night for the assemblage of a good house, and tho fact that "Hamlet' has been produced here bo many time recently by good and indifferent portrayors of tho melancholy Dane, would have made anyone acquainted with the town chary of making a first appearance here in that piece on the last night of the week, and Herr Bandmann was made nnpleasantly aware of this by the miserably small bouse which greeted him. The tragedy need not bo described, as it would simply be the recapitulation of an oft-told talc; but it may'be pointed out that to tho popular miud the grand scenery necessary in properly producing Shakespeare's plays appeals jnst as powerfully as the sublime and poetic language placed in the mouths of the players; How, although the grave-yard sceno was fairly presented, albeit with only one gravedigger, and the battlements in the ghost scene were well arranged, yet in all the other scenes in Saturday nights perfor mance modern furniture and the ordinary closiug-iu scenes of the theatre had to do duty for the royal walls and furniture of ancient Denmark. Tho role of Hamlet is evidently a familiar ono with Herr Band mann, and it is only justice to say that he interpreted it as only a finished tragedian could. His conception of the part is in several respects an original one, but it is thoroughly consistent throughout. Ho commences in a state of settled melauclioly at tbe death of his father nnd his own suspicions conceruing it, and after his midnight interview with the dead King s ghost, and his solemn vow to avenge his death, ho so comports himself as to appear mad whenever the reigning King or his Counsellor PoloniuB arc observing him. Even in the scene with Ophelia, which be opens so coherently and ends so strangely, bis fixed dance at the Dlace of tho Kir and Polonius1 concealment indicates plainly the motif of his altered manner; and to wards the termination, when his unwitting murder of Polonius, whom ho mistakes for the King, causes Ophelia's tragical suicide and Laertes* hatred, his demeanor leads to the impression that the death of his only love and the hatred of his dearest friend overtax the restraint he has hitherto placed upon his monomania and precipitate his vengeance. The tragical denouement of the play, wherein Laertes, the King, Hamlet, and the Queen lie dead, was effectively enacted, and elicited enthusiastic applause. Mies Louiso Beaudet assumed the part of Ophelia, and her sympathetic acting made her a favorite with the audience, the simple yet deep pathos of the mad scene visibly affecting many of the spectators. The double rdlo of the King and the Gbost was allotted to Mr Augustus Glover, whose stalwart iigure and resonant voice fitted each character admirably, fie was mOBt effective as theiGhost, as, although he acquitted him self ably as the King, his elocution was not altogether faultless, a tendency to a mono tone delivery being noticeablo. Mr John MuBgrave made an excellont Polonius, Laertes was creditably impersonated by Mr Charles Gobbett, and Mr Alf. Tasman did fairly well as Horatio. Miss Ituahford was the Queen, and Miss Lillian Boss the Player Queen, and both did justice to their respec tive parts. The doubling of the Bmaller parts gave them an appearance of sameness that detracted from the excellence of the minor details of the representation. Before the commencement of the final I act, Herr Bandmann, who had been imperatively called bofore the curtain, took ' the opportunity of returning his sincere thanks to all who were present, fie could see, however, that Shakespeare spelt ' bank ruptcy ' in Geelong, and as the result of that nights performanoo would bo a heavy loss to himself he had felt compelled to alter his original arrangements. He would, there fore, only make one more appearance in that theatre, as he intended leaving for Mel bourne on Tuesday. On Monday night the company would appear in a new piece en titled "The Woman of the People"—a piece which had created a furore at Home, and which was now the rage of the colonies, to which he had the honor of having intro duced it. Monday (this) evening would be the first occasion on which the play would be performed in 'Victoria, and he trusted that all present would inform their friends, and that his disappointment that evening would be compensated by a bumper houso on Monday night. Herr Bandmann's re marks were received with applause. The following letter received by Herr Bandmann, with reference to "The Woman of the Peoplo," whilst in Sydney, and which we extract from the Sydney Evening. News of August ISth of this year, will show the impression created by the drama in that city :—" Star of the West Lodge, No. 217, I.O.G.T.—No. 2S, Balfour-street, Sydney, August 17, 1S83. To Daniel £, Bandmann, Esq. Dear Sir,—By virtue of a resolution which was moved and unanimously carried at the meeting of the above lodge lost even ing, coupled with the office I hold, I, with feelings of the liveliest gratitude, tender you the warmest thanks of the officers and members of the Star of the West Lodge, for the benefit you have conferred on tho community by your well chosen production of " The Woman of the People." It is now a matter of notoriety that by the oxcellent rendition of this great moral drama by yourself and talented company, the sufferings, of many mothers and children have been greatly alleviated ; that homes where deso lation, hunger, and cruelty reigned supreme, have been transformed into happiness, nnity, and peace and avenues of comfort to all around. It has also enhanced the roll of onr organisation, which is collateral all times with the philanthropic, charitable and literary institutions ; and what yon have accomplished for the material comfort and mental training of our fellow beings has aotunted us in forwarding the above resolu tion. Trusting you have accepted tho patronage you have received as a splendid endorsement of the result of your efforts in bqcii a noble work— •I remain, yours faith* | luujr, oouo o, a. auiiivaD, wormy Secretary.' 