DONAL GRANTS BY GEORGE MACDONALD. " Author of "AlecForbes," "MalcóW"&c;,,'&o.1; CHAPTER XLV. TENDER over Lady Arctura, Donal made up his mind to ask a few questions of the housekeeper before disclosing further what he had found. In the evening, therefore, he sought her room, while Arctura and Davie, much together now, were reading in the library. "Did you ever hear anything about that little room behind the earl's room on the stair, Mistress Brookes ?" he asked. "I cannot say that over I did," she answered. by' My auld auntie did mention something to me ance about some place. Bide a wee had a within' memory ; maybe I'll min' upo' 't I' the noo-it,was, something about biggin' up an' itakin' doon an something he was to do, an' something he never did-I'm sure I canna tell! But just give me time, an' I'll min' lune' 't !" Donal waited, and said not a word ; he would not hurry her. "I min' this much," she said at length, that they used to be the gather- in' that room. I min' too that there was something about building' up he was', an' pulls down another. Its coordinate coorain' back to me I" She paused again a while, and then said "All I can recollect, Mr Grant, is this that, after her death, he bigger up something" so far true that room a what west front? there was something about making' of' the room bigger I But how that could be by building' up, I canna think ! Yet I feel sure that was what he did !" "I think I have a glimmer of light on the thing, said Donal. "Would you mind coming to the place? To fee it might help -us!" "Certainly I will, sir; but we seek' sure his lordship's quiet for the night afore we gang." "That will be as well," said Donal. "But I. hope you will say nothing further to ray lady just yet !" "It may be water for her not to be told. Besides she might be displeased to think we were doing things of oursels in her house. She has the pride of her of Family, Mr. Grant, though she never shows it to you or me." ' "For to-night let us think over it, and if you are of the same mind to-morrow we will tell her. I am not willing to do anything rashly." ' h To this proposal Mrs. Brookes agreed, and as soon as the household was quiet they went together to the room on the stair, where Donal stood for some time looking about him to no purpose. "What's that on the wall ?" he said at last, pointing to the back wall of the room-that, namely, on the other side of which was the little room haunted by both mind and body of the earl. Two arches, drawn in chalk, as disarmed, had attracted his gaze. Surely light out of the ? darkness was drawing nigh! Chaos was settling a little towards order. As near as Donal could judge, the one arch was drawn opposite where he believed the hidden chamber was the other right against the earl's closet, as it had come to be called in the house, for all know his lordship had some strange attraction to it, most of them think- ing he there said his prayers. It looked just as if they had been marked out for the piercing of the wall with such arches in order to throw the two little rooms on the other side as rc . cesses into the larger. But if that was the earl's intent, why first build a wall-that doubtless to which Mrs. Brookes referred . doubtless, also, that across the middle of what had evidently been one room before V " That I" returned Mrs. Brookes. , " Yes, those two arches, drawn on the wall," The housekeeper looked at them thought fully. " Now, there," said she slowly, " I canna help faneyin'-yes, I'm sure that's the yarra thing my aunt told me about. Those are the places you see marked there, where he was goin' to take' the wall down, to make' the room larger. But, then, what could be the wall she said something about his building' ?" "Look here," said Donal ; " I will measure the distance from the door there on this side of the wall to the other side of this first arch. Now come into the little room behind. Look here. This same measurement takes us right up to the end of the room. So, you see, if we were to open that second arch it would be into something behind this wall." " Then this must he the yarra wa' he build it up !" " What could he have had it built up for, if he was going to open the other wall?" said Donal. " I must think it all over. It was after his wife's death, you say ?" "Yes, I believe so, for I remember something about it besides." ." One might have thought he would not care so much about altering the house after she was gone." " But, you see, sir, he wasn't just sic a pattern O' a gunman," said the housekeeper. " " Could it have been for the sake of shutting out or hiding anything?"' suggested Donal. " It might be to get rid of something he was ashamed o', or couldna heir to look at any more," she replied. "Audi do remember a certain thing- Curious ! But what then, as you say, about the opening of it afterwards V" "Only, you see, he has never done it !" said Donal significantly. " The thing takes a shape to mc something in this way That he wanted to build something out of sight-to annihilate it as far as possible ; but, in order to prevent speculation, he professed the intention of casting the whole into one room ; then built the wall on the pretence either that it was necessary to support something when the other was broken through, or that two recesses with arches would look better that so pre -tending, he got the thing done, and then put off and off opening the arches, on one pretext or another, till the thing should be forgotten altogether, as you see it is already almost entirely. And now I must tell you," Donal went on, " that I have been behind that wall, and have heard the call moaning and crying on this side !" s "God bless mc!" cried the good woman. " I'm no easy scarce, but that's fearful' !" " You would not care then to come to that side of the wall with me ?" Nana no the night, sir. Come away to a come back to mc note, that was what made my aunt tell me about the building up of you war'. It couldn't have taken sic a hand of me as some of' auld Mistress Huskisson's stories, or I wadna has taken sic a time to get' it back to my min'. Deed, sir, I have hardly a door left the thing was just as you say." Donal making no objection, they went together to her room ; but when they reached it Donal, entering fast, started back at sight On. Lady Arctura sitting by the fire as if waiting for them. My lady ! " cried the housekeeper, " I thocht I left ye soon' asleep 1" " So I was, I daresay," answered Arctura ; '" but I woke again, and finding you had not come up I thought I would go down to you. I was certain you and Mr. Grant would be somewhere together. Have you been dis -covering anything more?" . Mrs. Brookes cast a look at Donal which, notwithstanding what she had said before, he could not but take as a warning not to say anything about the earl. So he left it to her to tell as much or as little as she pleased. " We had been prowling about the house, but Jiodoonyon'er, my lady. I think yours me had better leave' that to Mr. Grant to " It would be better for a time, I think, my lady," said Donal. "When you are quite ready to have everything set to rights, and have a resurrection of the old chapel, then you can go and see everything. For my part I would rather not talk more about it just at present," added. " As you please, Mr. Grant," replied Lady Arctura. "We will say nothing more till I have made up my mind, as you say I don't want to vex my uncle, and I find the question a difficult one. It is associated, you see, with that other we were talking of and I do not feel myself at present equal to any contest. It makes it more difficult that my uncle is even worse than usual at present. Shall we not go to bed now, Mistress Brookes?" All through this time, the sense of help and safety and protection in the presence of the young tutor was growing in the mind of Arctura. It was nothing to her-what could it be that he was the son of a very humble Fair that he had been a shepherd, and a cow yard, and a farm labourer ; the facts were less than nothing to her; she never thought of them except to enter into the feelings of his memorial childhood and youth for she would never have known anything of them but for his having taken her with him back into his past and its lovely intimacies of all sorts with Nature nature, divine, human, animal, cosmical. And she had recognised that not only to him but to her also was it a matter of immensestimportanco that such were the facts of his history for by these had he gathered the greater and most * [The sole right of publication in Queensland Of "Donal Grant" has been purchased by the (Brisbane Newspaper Company, Limited. Precious parts of his experiences by homeland by prayer, by mother and father, and sheep and mountain, and wind and sky. And now nearly all she knew about him was that he was a tower of strength, a refuge, a strong city, the shadow of a great rock in a weary land. And she trusted him the more that somehow he never invited her trust-never put himself before her-always made her look up to the Life, the perfect heart-origin of her and his yet perfected humanity, teaching her to hunger and thirst after being righteous like God, with the assurance of being filled. She had once trusted in Sophia Carmichael, but not with her higher being only with her judgment, and both her judgment and her friend had misled her. Donal had taught her that obedience, not to man but to God, was the only guide on to holy liberty, and so had helped her to break the bonds of those traditions of men which, in the shape of authoritative utterances of this or that Church, lay burdens grievous to be borne upon the souls of men. The next day again she did not appear, and Mrs. Brookes said she had persuaded her to keep her bed again for a day or two. There was nothing really the matter with her, she said herself, but she was so tired she did not care to lift her head from the pillow. She had slept very well and was not troubled about anything. She had asked her to beg Mr. Grant to let Davie go and read to her and to choose something for him to read good for him as well as for her. Ponai did as he was requested and did not see Davis till the next morning. " Oh, Mr. Grant 1 " he cried, " you never saw anything so pretty as Arkic is in bed ! She is so white, and so sweet, and she speaks with a voice so gentle and low ! and then she was so kind to me for going to read to her and I never saw anybody like her 1 She looks as if she had just said her prayers, and God had told her she should have everything she wanted." Douai wondered a little, but hoped more. What Davie said must indicate that she was finding the rest she sought in the consciousness of the presence of the God. But why was she so white ? Surely she was not going to die ! And with that there shot a pang to its heart, and he felt that if she were to go out of the castle it would be hard to stay in it, even for the sake of Dai me. He did not either for a moment imagine himself fallen in love ; he had loved once, and his heart had not yet done aching at the memory of bygone pain 1 He was utterly satisfied with what the father of the child i en bad decreed ; but he would never love again 1 It was all right he should suffer ! Why should he not suffer? He could live though he suffered ! But he could not hide from himself that the friendship of Lady Arctura, and the help she sought of him and he was able to give her, had added a fresh and strong interest to his life. At the end of a week she was better and able to see him. She had had the bed in which the housekeeper slept moved into her own room, and made the dressing- room, which also was large a sitting-room for herself. It was sunny and pleasant ; just the place, Donal thought, he would have chosen for her; she greatly needed the sun-as who does not The bedroom, too, which the housekeeper had persuaded her to choose when she left her own was one of the largest in the house, called the Gar- land room-old fashioned, like all the rest, but as cheerful as stateliness would permit, with gorgeous hangings and great pictures-far from homely, but with plenty of sun in it half the day. Every day Davie came to read to her, and thereby Donal had a new duty laid upon him that of finding suitable pabulum for the two. He was not widely read in light literature, and this entailed a good deal of exploration in that region, nor without the benefit to himself of enlarged experience. But before all this something had happened which the way is now clearer for me to tell. CHAPTER XLVI. THE morning after the last meeting in the housekeeper's parlour, as Donal sat in the schoolroom with Davie-about noon it was he became aware that for a time indefinite he had been hearing the noise of blows of some laborious sort that seemed to come from a great distance, but which, when he grow attentive to it, seemed to come from somewhere in the castle itself, transmitted through the mass of its building. Scarcely knowing why, yet with a fear becoming gradually more definite, he sat listening in no little anxiety for a few moments, becoming more and more convinced that the origin of the noise was indeed in the house itself. "Davie," he said, "go and see if you can find out what's going on." The recollection of what had happened the night before had not only made him a little anxious but unwilling to be found himself asking any questions or showing the smallest curiosity. A suggestion is not always a reasonable one, even when it has the truth behind it. Davie came back in no small excitement. "Oh, Mr. Grant, what do you think?" he cried. " I do believe my father is going to look for the lost room ! It really seems like earnest. They are breaking down a wall in the little room-you know it-behind papa's business room-on the stair, you know 1 " he added, fancying from Donal's silence that he could not quite succeed in identifying the place he described. But Donal's silence had a very different cause ; he was dismayed to think what might be the consequences if Davis was right, for the earl know the hidden part of the castle before, which was scarcely to be doubted, for he was not the man to have left undiscovered the oak door at the back of the press, then he would know that things there had been meddled with. He started to his feet. "You may go and see them at work, Davie,,, he said. " We won't have any more lessons this morning. Was your papa with the work- men ? " "I did not see him. Simmons told me he had sent for the masons this morning, to come at once, and, when they came, sent him to tell them to take that wall down ; he would be with them before they got through it. Thank you, Mr. Grant. It is such fun making a hole in a wall into somewhere you don't know where It may be a place you know quite well, or a place you never saw before 1 " So saying, Davie ran off. The moment he vanished, Donal sped to the bottom of his own state, where he kept some tools and other things, made choice of some of them, went up, and then down along the wall to the oak door. There was no time to get a new staple to it, but he remembered that he had seen another in the same post a little lower down; if he could get that out and drive it in close beside the remains of the other, so as to receive the bolt of the lock and mask the broken parts he could not remove that would be the main thing effected, and the rest would be comparatively easy. All the way he heard the masons pounding at the wall ; it must surely have been built with cement and be of considerable thickness. He reached the place, and, passing through two of the doors, opened the last a little way, and peeped ; they had not yet got through the wall, for no light was visible. He made haste to restore everything as nearly as possible to the position in which he saw them when first he entered, which was not difficult, seeing there were but two articles of furniture in the chamber and a few papers on the cover of the bureau. And as he fingered the huge blows were falling, like those of a ram on the wall of besieged city, of which he was the whole garrison. They were close by him on the other side, shaking the whole place. The plaster was falling in his sight, but no ray came through. He stepped into the press and drew the door after him. With his last glance behind he saw a stone fall from the middle of the wall into the room, and a faint gleam of light enter. He hurried away. The demolition would go on much faster now that they had pierced me will but he hoped before the opening was large enough to let the earl through he would have made good, or seemingly good, what he had destroyed, and be out of the reach of suspicion. Attacking the spare staples therefore, with a strong lever, he succeeded in drawing it from the post, and then drove it in beside the other, so as to take its place and the bolt, his horses hidden in those of the workmen, for he took care to time his blows to theirs. When he found that it would bear a good push he let it alone, and, having taken care to leave no signs of his work or his passing presence that could be helped, turned away, and ran down to the chapel ; there he must see what could be done to prevent any notice that the dust of the dead had been disturbed. He gathered from the floor behind the altar all the dust he could sweep up, and laid it on it as nearly as he could in the form of the little heap they had removed ; then on the bed restored, with the dust of the bedding, a little of the outline as it had struck him when first he saw it. This done, he closed the door as it had been when he pushed it off its broken hinge, and would have ascended, but bethought him that the slab lay lifted from its place in the floor of the passage, and might betray the knowledge he so much desired to conceal. It took him but a moment to replace it and sweep the loose earth into the crypt. Then he went up the stairs, out of breath with eager- ness rather than haste. As he passed the oak door he laid his car to it some one was in the room. The sounds of battering had ceased, but the lid of the bureau slipped from some hand and fell with a loud bang. The wall could not be half down yet; the earl must have got into the place as soon as it was practicable ! Donal hastened away ; the car might come through any moment; and, though he had a better right to be there than he, Donal would not have liked at all to be found there by the earl. The moment he went out he put the slab in the opening, and secured it there with a strut between it and the opposite side of the recess, so that it could not be pushed out from the inside. Then, as there was no time to fill up the possible crevices around it, he made haste to close the shutters and draw the curtains of the room, that no light might pass. It was possible that the earl, even although he knew of the other way into the chapel, had never discovered this ; but if he had, or if he found the stair in the wall now for the first time, and coming up saw no light, and found the stone immovable, he would, Donal hoped, be satisfied that it had never been displaced. He then went to Lady Arctura's room. She was there. "I have a great deal to tell you," he said hurriedly. "I have been keeping several things from you, meaning to tell you another time, and at this moment I cannot. I dread, too, lost the earl should find me with you !" " Why should you mind that ?" said Arctura, with just the slightest reddening of her pale cheek. "Because he is suspicious about the rest room, and I must make haste to close up the entrance to it." " You would not surely shut him in if he be there ?" " No ; there is no possibility of that. He has this morning had another way broken into it at least I are all but sure. Please take care not to let him see that you know anything about it. Davie thinks he is set on finding the lost room ; I think he knows all about it. You can ask him what he has been doing on the ground of what Davis says." "I understand; I hope I shall be able to steer clear of anything like a story, for if I stumble into one then I must tell everything ; but I will be careful." " " I have so much to tell you I Come to Mrs. Brookes's room to-night, my lady, if you want to hear." In the afternoon he was in the schoolroom as usual. Davie was full of the news of the curious little place his father had discovered by knocking down the wall ; but he said if that was the last room he did not think it was worth making such a fuss about it was nothing at all but a big kind of closet, with just an old desk kind of thing in it. Davie little thought what there was in that closet, in that bureau, capable of affecting his history and his knowledge and regard of the same ! Arctura thought it better not to go near the place, but anxious as she was, knowing nothing of the other entrance or where it was, except that, having seen the oak door, she thought it might be through there, she yet kept quiet till dinner-time. Her uncle had invited her that day to dine with him, intending probably to make the more or less explanatory statement which presently her questions drew from him. She did not think it would do to show an indifference she did not feel about what had been going on. "What were you doing this morning, uncle ?" she asked ; " there was such a noise of thumping and knocking in the castle ! It seemed, where I sat, as if it shook its very foundations. Davie said you must be determined, he thought, to find out the lost room ; is it really that, under ?" " Nothing of the kind, my love," he answered. "You will see what it is as soon as they have cleared away the stones and mortar. I do hope they will not spoil the great state carrying it down; there is no other way of getting rid of it. I suppose you came up the back stair ?" " I did ; it is the nearer way from the room I am in for the present. But tell me, then, what you are doing." " Simply this, my dear ; before my wife, your aunt, died, we had made a plan together for throwing that closet behind my room on the stair into it, in the shape of recesses. In preparation for that I had a wall built across the middle of the closet, to make two recesses of it, and also to act as a buttress to make up for weakening the wall of the room by opening two such large archways in it, lest that should affect the house above it. Then your aunt died, and I hadn't the heart to do anything more with it. So one half the little room behind remained cut off altogether, But I had built up in it an old bureau containing papers of some consequence ; you see it was not convenient to remove it it was heavy, and was intended to remain in the same position after the arches were opened. So left it, thinking it was only for a few days. Now I want some of the papers, and the wall has had to come down again." " But, uncle, what a pity ! " said Arctura. "Why not open the arches? The recesses would have been so nice in that room ! " " I am very sorry I did not think of asking what you would like done about it, my child ; but I never thought of your taking any interest in the matter. No doubt the idea was a good one, but, my wife being gone with whom only I had talked over the thing, I lost all my interest in it. You will observe I was only restoring what I myself had disarranged-not meddling with anything you had done or anything that belonged to the condition of the castle before. But we can easily build it up again, and open the arches now." " No, no, uncle 1 if you do not care about it, neither do I. But, now you have the masons here, why should we not go on, and make a little search for the lost room ?" "As to that, my dear, we might pull down the whole castle to find it and be none the wiser. Why the building up of that half of the little closet sort of place I have just had disclosed again may have given rise to the whole story !" "Surely, uncle, the legend is very much older than that 1" "It may be; but you cannot be sure. Once it was a-going, it would immediately begin to cry back to a more and more remote ages for its origin. You cannot prove that anyone ever spoke of it before the date of the building of that foolish wall." " No, I cannot, certainly. But surely there are some who remember hearing the story long before that." "It may be but nothing is so treacherous as a memory in the face of a general belief. And I would advise you, if you care to live in peace, and for my sake if not for your own, to hold your tongue about it. We should immediately and all at once have the place besieged and infested with antiquarians, and ghost hunters, and all that canaille-not to mention the insects whose instinct is old family papers and the secrets of ancient families, that they may expose their pleasant vices to the vulgar gaze, and encourage inferiors to ape the crimes of their leaders with a worse grace and worse consequences." Here, probably catching sight of some expression of disgust, not successfully reduced to one of indifference, on the face of his niece, he laughed an unpleasant laugh and said "You need not grudge your old _ uncle a humorous word now and then, even if it be a little cynical. He is not altogether a bad fellow," The next morning Arctura went to see the alterations, and found the whole of the rubbish already cleared away. She opened the door, and there was the little room nearly twice its former size, and the two bureaus standing side by side with each other. Donal had seen the place some hours before her, and had found the one he had left open shut and locked ; he knew there were reasons. She peeped into the cupboard at the end of the room, but had no suspicion there was a door in the back of it. That morning she made up her mind that she would go no farther at present in the affair of the chapel ; she could not except she were prepared to break with her uncle. She would consult her man of business the first time she saw him, but the thing could wait, and she would not send for him. When she saw Donal in the evening she told him her resolve, and he could not say she was wrong. There was no necessity for opposing her uncle in such a matter-there might soon come things in which she must oppose him. 1 Donal to The how he had got into the closet from behind, and the story of what happened the night before, and had led, he supposed, to the opening of the place. He did not tell her of the unsent letter he had found any more than of the words her uncle had dropped in his wrath concerning the social position of his son. The time might come when he would see it imperative to do so, but in the meantime he bin ask from making the relation in which Arctura stood to her uncle, her sole remaining relative of the former generation, more uncomfortable than it already was; and he did not think it likely such a woman as she would consent to marry for the sake of a title a man who had shown himself such as her cousin and indeed, so far as he knew, there had been no aign'that.tho cousin himself had any desire to implement the arrangement understood to have been made between the two brothers. When such a danger showed itself it might be time to interfere; but now he was not sure that, for the mere sake of the succession to an empty title, in itself nothing or next to nothing, he was bound to speak. The branch of the family which could produce such scions might very well he itself a false graft on the true stem. He must be sure it was his business before he moved in the matter. In the meantime they must leave the chapel alone, nor any more set foot in it till such time as lady Arctura was prepared to take her own way with it. Donal had the suspicion, and it grew upon him, not only that the earl had known of the chapel and its condition for a long time, but that it was not safe for such a man to have such a secret-to know more of the inward facts and relations of the house than the rest who lived in it This was not in reality the case, however ; the carl might imagine he was the sole possessor of the ancient secret, but there were three more in the house who know it as well as he-one of them perhaps better; this would be no weak safeguard against any wrong use the earl might be tempted to make of his knowledge. Had Donal been asked, or had he asked himself, what he could possibly fear from the earl, he could not have answered even himself in any way approaching the definite. Ho feared but the verb was the in- transitive not the transitive one. Things again went on very quietly for a time. Lady Arctura grow better, continued her studies, and made excellent progress would have worked hat dur than Donal would let her of all things he hated forcing- even with the best good-will of the human plant itself. He believed in a holy unfastening growth, in which God's ways had God's time to be sacredly wrought out. In argument afterwards on the matter people would sometimes say to him-" That may be all very well in the abstract ; but in these days of hurry a young fellow will be left in the lurch! The thing will never work I" - "For your ends," Donal would quietly answer, "it cer- tainly will not work, but Your ends are not those of the universe !"-"They are not I" If the opponent answered, " They are the success of the boy. That is one of the ends of the universe," Donal would reply; "but you will doubtless have your_ro\\\ard and succeed in thwarting it for a season. For my part, I decline to be one in a conspiracy against the designs of the Creator; I would fain die loyal !" He was of course laughed at, with no small admixture of contempt, as an extravagant enthusiast though for what he was enthusiastic they found it hard to say : it was certainly not for education, they admitted, seeing he would even do what he could sometimes to keep a pupil back instead of urging him on. He did not seem to care to make the best of him ! It was true he did not seem to care for Donal's host was so many miles ahead of their best that it was below their horizon altogether. Lady Arctura's old troubles were gradually receding and fading into the limbo of vanities. Sometimes, however, and that in general when her health was worse, they would come in upon ; her like a flood-as if, after all, God was but the self-loving being the evil spirit of a false theology represented Him-a being from whom no loving heart could but recoil with a holy instinct of ('alike and she of a nature so in regenerative that she could not receive the God in whom the priests and elders of her people believed. ' By-and-by came the creation of a change over the contented course of things at the castle. After the absence of months reappeared Lord Porgue-cheerful, manly, on the best terms with his father, and willing to be on still better with his cousin. He had left the place a mooning youth ; he came back, so far as the first glance could read him, an agreeable man of the world better in carriage, better in manners, better in temper; full of remark not devoid of anecdote, and personal observation both of nature and human nature ; attentive to both his father and his cousin, but not too attentive; jolly with David, distant with Donal, yet polite to him. Donal could hardly receive the evidence of his senses concerning the change that had passed upon him he would have wondered more if he had known every factor that had borne a part in producing it; some of them were for time to reveal! He shook hands with him, at times, and seemed in every motion to say that it should not be his fault if the follies of his youth remained unforgotten. He had even an airy carriage with him that sat well upon him; but none the less Donal felt that the charm which at first attracted him had vanished. He was more than doubtful that he had been making progress down hill, and that whereas he had been only negatively he was now con- sciously and positively untrue. Donal know that in what he did he had a purpose. He therefore could not make the return to his audience that he would have been glad to be able to do. He felt there was a wall of brass between them, which it was impossible for any intercourse of a genuine kind to pass. Nor was it long before some part of his design began to show itself. Gradually-with un- defined gradations doubtless he thought, but they were not unmarked of Donal, or perhaps of Arctura, just as if the man he now was found himself under the influence of attraction towards her of which the boy he had been was unaware he begun to show himself not indifferent to the charms of his fair cousin-and indeed make some revelation of wonder that he had not felt them long before. He saw and professed concern that her health was not quite such as it had been, although in reality it was better ; sought her in her room when she did not appear at lunch or dinner ; took an interest in the books she was reading, and even in her studies with Donal, which she carried on just as before and in a word, behaved like a good brother cousin, who would not be sorry to be something more. And now, strange to say, the earl began to appear occasionally at the family table and apparently in consequence of this, Donal was requested rather than invited to take his meals with them not altogether to his satisfaction, seeing he could read a book while he ate alone, and could besides get through more quickly, saving much time for things of greater consequence than eating. His presence made it easier for Lord Forguc to show himself the gentleman and man of the world he now set up for; and indeed he brought manners to the front in which, from the point of manners, there was very little to be desired. Yet he sometimes faced a card he did not mean to show : who that is not absolutely true can escape it? There was condescension in the politeness he showed Donal and this, had there been nothing else, would have been enough to revolt Arctura ; but the fact was that she felt him altogether, though she would not so have expressed herself perhaps, as a man of outsides felt that in him you did not HOC the man he was, but the nearest approach he could make to the man he would be taken for. He was gracious, dignified, attentive, amusing, accurate, ready-everything but true ; his outside everything but what it was meant for-a revelation of that which he was inside. Yet it was that too, only that he did not mean it to be. He was a man dressed in a man, and his dress was a revelation of much that he was at the time he intended it to show much that he was not, for no man can help unveiling himself, however long he may escape detection, neither is there anything covered that shall not be revealed. Things were meant to come out, and be read and understood in the face of the universe. The soul of every man shall be as a book to be read of wise eyes all its history, all its strife, all its victory, written in the pages thereof and oh, what a different book will it be thus read from the biography that may have chanced to be written of it on the earth, where the very understanding of the man was chiefly a misunderstanding, where by some he was perhaps thought a god when on the very point of being eaten up of worms, or was by some taken for a fool when he was teaching the deepest wisdom. Each and all must one day be seen and known in the light. Well for those who are humble enough and true enough not to shrink from the exposure of even their faults and sons who hate them so much themselves that they would have them have no quarter ! He had been in Edinburgh a part of the time, away in England another part, and had many things to tell of the people are had seen and the sports he had taken a share in. He had developed and cultivated a vein of gentlemanly satire, showing himself keen to perceive and analyse the peculiarities which are in general weaknesses of others ; judging them all, however, as a matter of course, only by the poor social standard of the society of the day ; questioned concerning them from a wider a human point of view, he was unable to give any genuine account of them. Donal saw, more and more clearly, that the man was a gulf filled with a thin mist that prevented you from seeing to the bottom of it. He showed himself more and more submissive to the judgment of Arctura, and seemed to welcome that of his father, to whom he was now respectful as such a father could wish a son to he. [TO BE CONTINUED.] 