The Reasons of our Protest Against the Church of Rome (Continued.) , - . Dismissing the premises, we come to the conclusion of Cardinal Newman — . " The Roman Church decides safely in matters of religion." : , ; - :: This we deny. - No Church decides safely. whose decisions contradict Holy, scripture. I- cannot -find -any/sufficient :reasons for be lieving -Rome to be a safe guide, and , will now give reasons for believing that, she is not so. ... ,, -1.. Rome is not a safe guide in matters of faith. : -' She .requires us, to believe, in the im maculate conception of the Virgin Mary, about; which there is not one particle of evi dence in Holy Scripture. - She requires faith in purgatory, in transubstantiation, in - Papal Infallibility, in priestly absolution; and many other: doctrines unsupported 'by Scripture, having no support from the writers; of , the early Church and contradictory to the com mon sense of mankind. , , , : . , ; I: will refer for illustration to the doctrine of indulgences, which has an enormous influ ence on the lives of Roman Catholics. Here I quote from Dr. Littledale The actual Roman doctrine is this. There are two penal ties, applied to all sin— or, eternal pun ishment ; pœna, or temporal, punishment in cluding that of purgatory ;- and ovon after culpa has been remitted- by; absolution of. the penitent, poena still remains uncancelled. However, as one drop of Christ's bipod was sufficient for tlie redemption -of the whole world, all the rest that Ho shed, together with the merits and prayers of all the saints, , over and .above what are needed for their own salvation, technically called ' works of supere rogation,' constitutes an inexhaustible treasury or bank on which the Pope has a right to draw,, and apply the draft in payment for, the release of souls in purgatory, so , that anyone who obtains an indulgence can apply its merits to' himself; or transfer it to some other, living or dead." I say nothing now of the frightful practical abuse of this doctrine, but the doctrine itself involves two plain contra dictions of Scriptural teaching. .There is no authority for -saying that one drop of the blood of Christ would havo sufficed for our redemption, because the - Old Testament and the New agree in teaching that for the pur pose of atonement the death of the victim was required, -and the shedding of blood which did not involve death would be insuf- ficient. -- ,- .. , As to the merits of the saints, anyone who carefully weighs the teaching of, Christ in Luke xvii. 10 will see that; it is impossible for the, holiest man living to do more than is re quired, or in the slightest degree to make God his debtor. : " \When - ye shall have done all these things which are commanded you, say, We are .unprofitable servants, we have done that which was .our dtuy to do. . 2\. Rome is not a safe guide in matters of religious worship. I will pass over all that might be said of the worship of, saints and angels, of pictures and statues,, of dead inan'd bones and dead men's clothes, and will rofer only to tlio worship given to the Virgin Mary. The Virgin is practically - deified. It is compulsory on all the Roman Catholic priests throughout the, world every - day. to, offer this prayer, to the Virgin Mary which I quote from the Breviary : " Holy Mary, ,Mother:of God, pray, for us sinners, now and at the hour of pur death. Amen !" It must often happen, thefefore, that thousands of priests are often offering this prayer at the same hour in all parts of 'the; world, and the Virgin cannot attend to these prayers unless she is omni present and omniscient. -As to the -practice, of Roman Catholics generally, it is not too much- - to say that amongst the uneducated, and these are the larger -proportion, the worship of the Virgin to a very large extent supersedes tho worship of God Himself. . This is a strong- assertion, and I have not time to give the proofs, but you will- find these given: in Dr. Littledale, pp; 51-55, in Hobart Seymour's " Pilgrimage to; Rome," and in Dr. Pusoy's " Eirenicon." : By the teaching of Liguori in the " Glories of Mary"— a book recommended by Cardinals Wiseman and Manning— -Mary is represented as a, more powerful intercessor than the Son of God. I will quote the words of this saint .and doctor- of the Church, and you can judge for yourselves : "Often we shall be heard .more quickly, -and be thus preserved, if wo have recourse to Mary, and call upon her name, than we should if we called on the name of Jesus our Saviour. . ; . . Many things- are asked from God, and are not granted ; they are asked from Mary and ob tained. . . . At the command of the Virgin all things obey — even God. . . . The sal vation of all depends on their being favoured and protected by Mary. He who is protected by Mary will be saved ; he who is not will be lost. .... Mary has only to speak and her son executes all." (Llttledale, pp. 55, 56.) Task. you,' Is it too much to say that the Church . of Rome teaches her adherents . to worship and serve the creature more than the Creator, who is blessed for evermore ? And ought not every Christian man to lift up his voice against teaching so pernicious as this ? : 3 . Rome is not a safe guide in morals. If we need a religion for anything we surely need it to teach us how to act in our dealings with our fellow-men. At present the chief authority in morals in the Church of Rome is St. Alfonso Liguori, whose words respecting Marv I have just quoted. All Roman Catholic confessors are encouraged to follow histeach- ingin the confessional, sincelie has been raised to the rank of a '' Doctor of the Cliurch;" This is some of his teaching : " If , a clerical adulterer be attacked by the husband lie may lawfully kill the husband, and is not thereby unfitted for his priestly functions,. provided his visit was secret, so that he had a reason able expectation of escaping detection. V . A man may swear aloud to any false state ment, provided he add some true circumstance in an .undertone unheard by the bystanders. . . A nobleman, ashamed to beg or work, may steal to supply liis needs if he be poor." (Little.) Is there any Englishman, not a Romanist, who would not reject such doctrine with scorn and horror ? A Church which in its moral teaching sinks below the common morality of the age has lost the very reason of its existence. : A. Rome is an unsafe guide as to dealing with opponents to the truth, or those whom she holds1 to he such. Contrary to the express teaching of Christ in His Sermon on . the Mount, and- in His Parable of1 the Tares and the Wheat; contrary to the whole spirit of the New. Testament; Rome deems" it right to persecute unto the death ' those ; who oppose her.1' In the first eighteen years - of the- Spanish Inquisition under Torquemada 10, 000-persons were burnt, 97,321 imprisoned, banished, or ' reduced to want: It is no use to say that these things happened a long'time ago, and other Churches have persecuted. Rome cannot escape- this dilemma If sho" disapproves of the massacre of St. Bartholomew and ' of 'the; burnings of the Spanish Inquisition; she. gives; up her claim to be infallible; 'if; she approves ci thern, she is nnscriptural but she either ap proves or disapproves, therefore she is either fallible or nnscriptural. : The truth is Rome approved.of these tilings at the time and has never confessed herself wrong since. " Pope Gregory XIII. not only caused a medal to be struck and a painting executed in honour :of the massacre of St. Bartholomew, 'but issued a Bull to Charles IX. urging him ' to persevere in so pious and wholesome:a measure, tillbis once- most reli- gibuR kingdom should be thoroughly purged of blasphemous heretics.'" (Littdale.) 5\. Rome is not a safe guide even as to mat ters of historical fact. ? We - have henrd- a great deal in our time about "-the Pope's temporal power and of the iniquity of those who deprived him of it; The simple truth is that the temporal power taken away by force was gained by falsehood , and forgery. : " It is matter of history - that - Con stantino the Great was baptized on his death- bed'in Nicomedia; But a fable was invented in the fifth-century that this Emperor was a leper; and was healed of his disease at Rome by means ot baptism administered to him there hy.Popo Sylvester, in gratitude for which he made over to the Popes all right "of sovereignly over Rome itself and much ad jacent territory, the famous so-called Dona tion of Constantino ; and this falsehood, in vented for a political purpose, which it effec tually served;' holds its place1" still in- the Roman Breviary; and is read by every priest on December 31 in ouch-year." (Littledale.) You can reud the story in the first volume of the Marquis . of Brute's translation of > the Breviary, now in the College library, p' 250, It is fair to the Marquis to say that lie 'gives this footnote : ,".The history contained in the rest of this lesson (that relating to Constnn-. tine) is now rejected by all writers, and the whole account of the saint would probably receive considerable modification' at any future revision of- the Breviary;" It is ranch to the honour, of the noble editor to insert this note, but is there any other edition of the Breviary in the" world -besides this -which contains such a hint that this story is not true ? Certainly there is mono in the Latin Breviary in- our library. "In 754 Pope Stephen III. forged a letter in the name of the Apostlo St. Peter, and sent it to Pippin, King of France, calling him to come to the dofence of . the -Pope and the city of Rom6 against the Lombards; which; lie accordingly ; did; and bestowed on the Pontiff a. great ter ritory, containing -more' than twenty cities ; the -first beginning- of -the .temporal power." (Littledale.)' There are many- forgeries of a like kind, but lot this suffice. . 6. Yet once more, Rome is not a' safe guide if we are to judge by the moral results of her teaching. The fairest way of judging of the fruits of Romnn Catholic teaching is- to examine into the moral condition of those countrieB where Rome ' has for . a -long time held undisputed . sway ; as, 'for, example, Italy and Spain. Those who aro well acquainted, with these countries know well that the moral condition of - tho people is far below that of. England. Cardinal Manning, in an article ion " The Oatholio Church -and Modern Society " (North American Review, Feb., 1880), confesses that the most Christian civil society now. extant is that of non- Papal England contrasted with the condition of France, Italy, and other Roman Catholic countries. < Then, if you take England itself, and judge by tho statistics of crime, you find that-- in this country the number of Roman Cii 1 1) ol le( criminals -f is far larger than it would be,1 were it in the same proportion to the Roman population as the rest of criminals to non-Catholic population. Whereas Roman Catholics are less than one-fifth of the popu lation, they contribute, where they are collec ted;1 from 16 'to: 17 per cent, of the criminals injourprisoris— thatia to say, from three to thirteen times their fair share of crime. . On Dec. 31; 1877, there were 4,289 criminal Protestarit children detained in English refor matories,1 and 1,346 Roman Catholic oneB, more than 24 per cent. (Littledale, p. 186.) (To be Continued .) CREED OF POPE PIUS IV.— (From Dr. Stanford's Handbook of the Romish Contro versy.)— In the Holy Scriptures God teaches plainly and clearly how Ho reconciles the sinner to Himself (2 Cor. v. 19). And who soever hears and believes the message deli vered to him in the Gospel by the Son of God, receives, at the same time, the pardon of all his sins, the gift of the Holy Spirit, and eterrjal life (Romant viii. 1 ; John xiv. 16 ; v. 24). But the Church of Rome, adulterates, cor rupts, perverts, and destroys the pure, .the clear, the direct and saving truth of the Gospel, by attempting to enjoin, as matters of faith essential to salvation, what is wholly unscriptural, directly anti-scriptural, and utterly false. And this she does, to the roin. of the souls who seek instruction at her mouth. But let her pronounce sentence upon herself ! We give first the Nicene Creed, of which the Church of Rome asserts, that her 'new Creed of Pope Pius IV. is, only; "a develop ment" or a clearer and more explicjt declar ation. tiie nioene , creed. "I believe in one God the Father Almighty; Maker of heaven and earth, And of all things visible arid invisible : And in one Lord Jesus Christ, the only begotten Son of God, Be gotten . of his Father j before all, worlds, God of God, Light of Light, Very God of very God, Begotten, not made, Being of one sub stance with' the Father, By whom all things were made : Who for us men, and for our salvation, came down from heaven, And was incarnate by the Holy Ghost of the Virgin Mary, And was made man, And was crucified also for us under Pontius Pilate. He suf fered and was buried, And tho third day he rose again according to the Scriptures, And ascended into heaven, And sitteth ori the right hand of the Father. And lie shall cotrie again with glory to judge both' the quick and the dead : Whose kingdom shall have no end; And I believe in the 'Holy Ghost, The Lord and Giver of life, Who'pro- ceedeth from theFather and the Son, Who with the Father aud the Son together is wor shipped and glorified, Who spake by "tho Prophets. And I believe , .one Catholic -niid Apostolic Church. I; acknowledge one Bap tism for the remission/of sins, And I look for the vesurrection of the dead,- And the life , of thevvorld to' come.: Amen." The following is the peculiar creed of- the Church of Rome, first published- to the world as a creed by a Bull of Pope Pius IV., on the 9th December, a.d. , 1564, and thenceforward added' to the above ancient true creed of the Church Catholic, which ancient true Greed; composed at the Council of Nice, a.d.' 325j 'and Constantinople, A.n. 381; was confirmed again- by the' Council of Ephesus, a.d. 431; adopted . by the ' Council of Ghalcedon; a.d. 451, and' affirmed .by the Council , of Trent, a.d. 1546.- " - .. \- creed of pope piu3 iv. . I; "I most steadfastly admit and embrace Apostolical and Ecclesiastical Trnditions, and all - other Observances and Constitutions of the same Church. II. "I also admit the Holy' Scripture, ;ac- cording to that sense which our Holy Mother the Church has held and does hold,- to which it belongs to judge of the" true sense and in terpretation of the Scriptures': > no'rn'will "I over take and interpret them otherwise thnn according to the unanimous' consent of /.the Fathers. . , III. 't I also profess, that' there are; truly and ; properly seven Sacraments of the new law, instituted byiJesus Christ our Lord,- and necessary for the . salvation -of mankind, though not all for every one ; to; wit; , Bap tism,; Confirmation, Eucharist, -Penance, '"Ex treme Unction, Order; and Matrimony : and that they confer grace ;; and that of ; these; Baptism, Confirmation, and Order- ;cannot:bu reiterated- without' sacrilege ; and I; also ro- . ceive and o admit < tho received and approved ceremonies of the Catholic Church; used in the solemn!- administration of all the afore7 said Sacraments.- v IV. " I embrace and receive all and every one of the ; things which have : been defined and declared -in the; holy- Council- iof Trent, concerning Original Sinarid. Justification; . V. ;" L profess, likewise; that in thei Mass there is offered; to God; a. true;; proper, and propitiatory-; sacrifice for tho living and-' tho dend.;vand;that;in the; most holy Sacrament of ;the Eucharist there are- ;t'ruly, really,, and substantially the body sand i blood,- .together with. theisoul and divinity; of our! Lord Jesus Ohrist ; : and- tliat, there is made a conversion of the whole substancoiof the: bread .into the body, and of the : whole -substance; of .-the wine into .the .blood ; which conversion the Oqtholic Church.: calls -Transubstantiation. .1 also ; confess; - that under: (either ' kind alone; Christ is -received whole, and ..entire, -rand a true, Sacrament. . VI. " I constantly hold that there is a Pur gatory, and that the souls therein detained aro helped by the suffrages of the faithful. '.VII; " Likewise, that the saints, reigning together with Christ, are to be honoured and invocated ; and that they offer . prayers to God for us, and that their relics are to: be held in veneration. VIII. "I most firmly assert that the images of Christ, of the Mother of God, ever Virgin, and also of other Saints, may be had and retained : and that due honour and veneration are to be given them. IX. " I also affirm that the power of In dulgences was loft by Christ in the Church, and that the use of them is most wholesome to Christian people. X. " I acknowledge the Holy, Catholic, Apostolic, Roman Cnurch for the mother and mistress of all Churches ; and I promise true obedience to the Bishop of Rome, Successor to St. Peter, Prince of the Apostles, and Vicar of Jesus Christ. XI. " I likewise undoubtedly receive and profess all other things delivered, defined, and declared by the Sacred Canons and Ge neral Councils, and particularly by the holy Council of Trent ; and I condemn, reject, and anathematize all things contrary thereto, arid all heresies which the Church has con demned, rejected, and anathematized. XII. " I, N. N., do at this present freely profess and truly hold this true Catholic faith, without which no one can be saved ; and I promise most constantly to refain and confess the same entire and inviolate, with God's assistance, to the end of my life. And I will take care, as far as in me lies, that it shall be held , taught, and preached by my sub jects ; or by those the care of luhom shall ap pertain to me in my office; this I promise, vow, and swear, so help me God, and these Holy Gospels of God." Every Roman Catholic is bound to acknow ledge the; Creed of Pope Pius IV. This is evident from the fact that it. is a summary of the doctripes contained in the Council of Trent, every one of which is enforced in the Canons and Decrees of the Council,1 under pain of an anathema. Any one who seeks admission into tho Church of Rome publicly repeats and testifies his assent to this creed, without restriction or qualification. — Butler's Booh of the Roman Catholic Church', Romich Ritual, pp.126, 127. Coyne, Dublin. 1847. In Dr. Doyle's evidence before the Lords' Committee (March 21, 1825), he was asked, " Is the Creed of Pope Pius IV. the creed acknowledged by the Irish Roman Catholic Church?" His answer was, " Yes, every Catholic acknowledges that creed." In the Bull in which Pius set forward this Creed, lie says—" We, by virtue of our Apos tolic authority, command that the form itself be published, arid be received and decreed everywhere by those whom it concerns. And that the aforesaid profession ' be made solemnly according to this, and no other form, : under the penalties enacted by the ; Council itself against1 all contravening,' under , the following terms." — Then follows the Creed. . Dr. Milner (a Roman Catholic writer) says ( End of Controversy, Letter xix.)' — " The same Creeds; namely the Apostle's Greed,- the Athanaaian Creed, and the Creed of Pope Pius IV.J" drawn :up' in conformity with the definitions of the Council of Trent, are everywhere1 recited and professed to the : strict letter." - It is only by keeping the minds of her members in utter ignorance- of God's Word that the Church of Rome could impose the i Creed of Pope Pius IV; upon theiri; "'besides the Apostles' Creedr the Nicene Creed, 'and the- Athanasian Creed,- for- these three are in perfect consistency with the Scriptures ; but, as has been shown,' the Creed of Pope Pius is utterly subversive of: all saving truth. THE NINE COMMANDMENTS;— "Nine commandments 1 What does that mean ? I always thought the commandments were ten." There used to be that number; There were ten proclaimed by the voice of God from' Mount Sinai ; and ten were written by the finger of God on the tables of stone ; and whon tho \- tables were renewed there were still ten - and the Jews, the keepers of tho Old Testament Scriptures, always recognised ten ; and so did the' primitive church;' and so do all Protes tants in their creeds and catechisriis. But the Roman Catholics subtract one from the ten coinmandments ; and so' they have but nine commandments. - ' ' When many years ago I first heard of this, I thought it was a slander; of the Protestants; I said; " Oh; it cannot be that they have dared to'meddlo with God's ten commandments,1 and leave'out one. They cannot have; been guilty of such impiety. Why, it is just as if soirio impious Israelite had gone into tho holy of holies, opened the ark of the covenant;1 and, taking out the tables of stone, had chiselled off one of the commands which the Divine finger wrote on them." Yet I thought I would inquire whether it was so or not ; and I did, and found it to be a fact; and no slander. I saw with my own eyes the catechisms -published under the sanction of bishops ond: archbishops, ;in 'which one of the commandments was omitted. The list of the commandments runs thus1:-— " 1; I am the Lord thy God ; thou shalt not have'Btrange gods before mo. \--d 2. ' Thou -shalt not: take the nnme of the Lord thy God iri 'vain. '. 1 " 3. Remember the Sabbath-day," &c.; -The reader willsee that the commandment which the Roman Catholics leave out, a3 being grievous to thorn, is the second of the series. It is the one that forbids making graven images and likenesses of any thing for wor ship.'- Thatis the otie they don't like ; and they don't like it because they do like pic tures and images in ; their ' churches. They say these things wonderfully help devotion, and so they do away that commandment of God 1 David says, "I esteem all thy pre cepts concerning all things to be right." But he was no Roman Catholic. Well, having got rid of tho second, they call the- third second, and our fourth they number -third, and so on till they come to our- tenth which, according to their numbering,. is the ninth. But as they don't like the sound of " the nine commandments," since the Bible speaks of " ten commandments," (Exod.. xxxiv. 28 ; Deut iv. 13), and everybody has got used to the number ten, they must conk trive to make out ten somehow or other. And- how do you think they do it ? Why, they halve their ninth, aud call the first part ninth- and the other tenth. So they make out ten. In a Manual, cor rected and approved by one of their bishops, it is put down thus : — "9th. Thou shalt not covetfithy i -neigh bour's wife. ; -! : " 10th; Thou shalt not- ;co vet: - thy y -neigh-, hour's goods." - You .see they make two of- the command ments to relate to coveting. It is not very probable the Lord did so. But- you see.it would never do to let that second command ment stand, and it would never do to have less than ten ; so they were laid under a sort of necessity to do as they have done. But, after all, it is a bad job. After all is said and done, they have but nine commandments; for everybody knows that by dividing any thing you get, not two whole, but two halves there is but one whole after the division. They know that the Lord gave ten commandmenis, and they acknowledge, only nine of them. It is a mean device to divide one of the nine, and then say they acknow ledge ten. The Roman Catholics know that the commandments, as given in many of their catechisms, are not as they were written with the finger of God on the tables of stone. They know- that one is wanting, and why it is they know. They had better take care how they do such things, for " the Lord is a. jealous God." THE .POPE'S APPEAL TO HISTORY.— The Irish Ecclesiastical Gazette, in com menting on the Pope's recent lettor. says : — "The Pope has dono a very foolish thing for his credit and influence — he has conde scended to enter the arena of history and challenge its testimony on behalf of the Papacy. He has appealed to the critical' faculty, and fearlessly asks for-the unbiassed judgment of the world, founded on a candid and complete investigation of what the Popes- of Rome- have said and dono -in tho past. Unfortunately it is too late for : an examina tion of the kind. ; The critical: historian, if he has, to do justice to the Chair of St. Peter, comes to his work weighted with the awful responsibility1 of the dogma of Infallibility. . What has-an infallible Pope, or a: race ofisuch Pontiffs,' to do with history, which at best is but a fallible record? An infallible Pope, by the very s nature of his: claim, 1 is raised above the .mere mundane , and transitory human history- only touches, on the. bare margin of his life and work. " But this consideration aside, -Pope Leo XIII. haB shown a wonderful amount of courage and an extraordinary confidence - in - the goodness of his. cause, j He is the , first of the Popes who has; stooped so low , as to challenge the verdict - of history. - That lie has in ado a mistakeiin his ;own interests, and those of his See, in so - doing, we have, no doubt whatsoever. His : action, howeverj'is an eminent proof of the. strength of. public opinion, which is making itself : felt even, within the walls of the Vatican. The magic circle, of the non possumus Ab broken through when the Pope, thus appeals ,to history- for -a vindication . of the claims of - the . Cnurch of Rome; and of the Popes in particular." Dr. Dollinger; . the other day, , concluded,, a re markable;; address-; before the Academy! of Science at Munich , with these words d. Among' the reefs, and cliffs- oil: which even a, three-master may be broken, is the., Rook of History." : Even so. gallant a ship as .tho Papacy; is .not , likely to :come off:without much hurt in such a collision. The last thing Pope Leo should have thought of -was an- appeal of the kind. There is no institution in Christen dom, arid least of all.: the- Papacy, that would come out of a conflict with ,the steruer/ truths of history. without many a bleeding, wound. . When tho Pope, in his recent, letter, ^re counts the good services on behalf of , reli gion v and. civilisation .effected ; in . the past through the ; agericyj of the . Papacy, he . exhi-. bits nothing more , than -other, Christian; comr munities can lay, claim to, without setting up the- same. arrogant ; demands. : - After, all, the benefits conferred upon / mankind by the Popes of Rome cannot be compared in their extent and permanence witli those brought about by the British .Empire, and yet we should look for a great deal more from an institution which puts - forth such peculiar and transcendental claims on the homage of the world. ' The Pope appeals to history, but the-voice of history must ;,be given dead against him, when the institution of the Papacy is weighed in the light of Our modern civilisation and "advancement 1 in religious knowledge. The Vatican" is ' still full. ; of mediajval cobwebs- which - have been swept away from every other Court in Europe ; the Papal palace -is like a house closed up with shutters, that badly needs the liglit-and tho air of heaven to play -about it; That now, for the -first tune,1 tho noblo libraries of the Vatican are to be thrown open for public use, is in itself a damning fact ; that the Papacy has not yet been ablo'to reconcile it self with the liberties of a -'-united-Italy,1 and . the aspirations of a noble people hungering and thirsting after religious and political freedom, is another damning fact. We should like much to be with the Pope's candid historian investigating tho claims of the Papacy to the respect and love of the world, when ho comes to deal with such sub jects as the False Decretals, or the Legacy of Constantine, or the charucter of Cassar Bor- gia, or the career of Leo X., or the Massacre of St. Bartholomew, not to spenk of divers other very questionable matters which must necessarily come within his purview. " His tory," says the Pope, " when impartially Btudied at the source, itself becomes the most splendid apology for the Church and Papacy." This sentence seems painfully uronical when associated with the historical memory of the above and other transactions -intimately connected with the career ot" the Boman Church The Pope has at length appealed to his tory : so let it be. We can desire nothing better. One good thing, at least, will come -out of this new departure. The vast re-. sources of the Vatican library, with its won- derful collection of manuscripts, are to bo for the future at the disposal of the historian. " We have already disposed," says the Pope, " that, in favour of religion and science, free use may be made of our archives ; and to- day we likewise decree that for the execution of the -above-named studies, the use of the Vatican library, with all the advantages it may 'offer, be conceded for that purpose." Of course, we take for granted that, having ap pealed to historical documents, every facility will be given for their free and unadulterated transcription, otherwise the Pope iriigqt as well have left his letter in his desk. ' 1 POPERY-and iD ESPOTISM-.— 'ST/ic Church is separate and supreme." — Manning. The Rambler , aihespectableilRbinah"1 Ca'th'dlic ' re view, in. its. issue for September, r1851, says,: — 1 It- is iiiificult-to-'Ray in -Which 'of'Vhe 'two popular expressions— tho; rights of civil liberty, or thh'righ'ts" of 'religious liberty — is embodied, the .greatest-.amo.unt. ofr.nonsenso 'ante-falsehood. JIn trae-semper eafZematyle, it declares "The, Church has, .ever avowed . the deepest' hostility ''to1 the principle of reli- 1 gious liberty, and has never given the shadow : of a sanction to thetheory that civil liberty as such is necessarily a blessing at all." And ; it proceeds to denounce- Socinianistn, and ' Calvinism, and Anglicanism, and Judaism" as !l mortar sins, like' murder faricl Cadultery." In view of these statements, it may not' bo amiss to remind ourselves and .inform our: children' that in 'casting off 'Pojjefy' we cast; off Despotism, and,.,. obtained, with Protes tantism rConstituti freedom. But, ' for getful of our merciful deliverance and of the necessary connection- ibetweonnPopery and : Despotism; 'our rulers'- in 'T829,-/intoxicated ; with the, wine or- infatuated. with the charms: of the 'meretricio'us 'woman -of revelation,; foolishly admitted to power the foe of liberty, on the ground of liberty ! And our present' Premier counts upon the. spirit of infatuation ! having so , 'seized 'upon, usfndsv- that he deems1 tm has only to bring before our imagination; this past act of folly and" madness, to induce us to do another equally foolish and insane.' ' Tn his .'oration in ;the' House of -CornmonB, (April 26, 1883, with" tiie view of obtaining! ".the Catholic ,„,vote,'! in favour,, of the " Affirmation! - Bill;" for: the admission of Atheists into the Legislature, Mr. Gladstone said : — " 1 would ask those., who have studied the history i of j ,thbjytear,.129,!fwiien ,the! great Act -of j/EomatLOdtboli was- passed. Do you believe tliat Act of Emancipation'' at the moment represented jthe feeling of the majority of tlie "people' of ' Great Britain ? No, sir, it, was distinctly,., against it. It.wtis the combination of Ministers and-gentlemen who. took upon themselves the duty of in structing the people. They took upon them selves the responsibility, in their capacity as legislators, -the -duty oLdoingtliat which they 'believed' to be right, and trusting to the people to do them justice. afterwards." We have often warned' Our ultra liberty- loving friends mgainst tlie Despotism - that must follow... their, present wild --race : after :: lawlessness;. Will — they learn from this statement, by .their. head. and cliief- the danger to their liberty of trusting popular leaders too implicitly ? "Popery was . brought7; into' power in 1829 against" the wish of the people, by Ministers , who were, ..-..wittingly or unwit tingly, the allies of the Jesuits against Eng- land'syProtestnntism ; and it is a like agency that; nowKSpeaks to . bring ' Infidelity .into "power with a like design. In" reference to the foregoing remarks by the Prime; Minister,' "Philalotlies" has written to -"hi in,' reminding him that as the resiilt.of.' such" j '.f edu'oation" and "'combination'"- of Ministers and others to . legislate . against ...the Protestantism of the people, ""O'Connellism and Vaticanism have proved a bugbear to ,'.the: 'British '.Parliament over since 1829, 'and" -will. continue to be until - the retributive- jus tice of God has been meted out to the fami lies of those who proved themselves traitors to divine government." It was said many years ago by Godfrey Massey, a godly pastor of the Irish Church, that " education without the Bible would merely engraft the devil on the brute." The recent exploits of the Papal defenders and promoters of the faith in Ireland, by de struction of Ijfe and property, prove the cor rectness of Mr. Massey's statement. The scheme to - separate Politics from Religion is of the same character, and must be attended with tho like results. 'The condition of the creatures imbued -with the spirit of the policy of John Bright and W. E. Gladstone is not unfairly representcd by tlio swine on the slopes', of Gadara, rushing towards the sea. To' those Christians entangled by that policy we commend tlie letter " to the Right Hon. W. E. Gladstone" by " Philalethes," published by Bern rose and Son, and the sub joined remarks extracted from " Tlie Stones of Venice," by Ruskin, published by Smith, Elder, and Co., 1851 :— Ruskin and Roman Catholic Emancipation. We hear it said that it cannot be merely tlie Roman religion that causes the difficulty respecting Ireland, for we were once all Roman Catholics, and nations abroad of this faith are not as the Irish. It is totally overlooked that, when we were so, our Government was Despotic, and fit to cope with this dangerous religion, as most of the Continental Governments yet are. In what Roman Catholic State, or in what age of Roman Catholic England, did we ever hear of such agitation as now exists in Ireland, by evil men taking advantage of an anomalous state of things — Roman Catho lic ignorance in the people, Protestant toler ation in the Government ? We have yet to feel the tremendous diffi culty in which Roman Catholic Emancipation has involved us. Too late we discover that a Roman Catholic is wholly incapable of being safely connected with the british Constitution, as it now exists, in any near relation. The present Constitution is; . no longer, fit for Catholics ; it is a .creature essentially Protestant, growing, with, the growth, and strengthening with the strength of Protestantism. So entirely is Protestantism interwoven with the whole frame of our : Constitution and laws, that I take my stand on - this, against all agitators in existence;' that1 the Roman religion is totally incompatible with the British1 Constitution. We have, in trying to combine them, got into amass of difficulties ; we are the7 worse;'"and Ireland none the betfori lt is" idle to '.talk of muni- . cipal reform and popular Lord Lieutenants. ; The mild' sway of1 'a.' Constitutional IMon- ; arciiy is not strong Enough for a' Roman' Catholic population. The' stern soul of a Republican would not: shrink from, sending half the misguided po pulation and1 all the priests ' into exilo, and .planting in their place an industrious Protes tant people. But you cannot do, this, and you cannot, convert the.'Irish, nor :'by other inehns . make , thorn fit to wear the mild re straint of a Protestant Government. , It.-; was,: moreover, a strange .logic that begot the idea of admitting' Catholics to ad minister any part of our laws or Constitution. lt,was admitted by all that, by, the very act of abandoning- tho - Roman r religion7 we be came a free and enlightened 'people. It was ' , only by throwing off the yoke of that slavish feligidn' that' we 'attained to 1 lie' freedom of thought 'which has advanced us in' the scale of society. "'. W'e are' so much advanced by 'adopting and adhering to a reformed religion, that,'7. to prove our' liberal arid unprejudiced views,'- we throw down the barrier betwixt' the two' reli gions, of twhioh the one is the acknowledged cause of light and knowledge; the other the cause of darkness and ignorance. i.We-aro so much altered for the better by leaving .this people., entirely, and giving them neither part nor lot amongst us;' that it be comes proper to mingle again with them ! ; We have j found -so much good in leaving them, that wo deem it; the best possible reason for returning to bo among them ! No fearrof their church, again shaking us, with all our light and knowledge. . It is true the most enlightened fell under the spell of her enchantment, fell into-total darkness and superstition ; but- no fear of -us,-we -are too well informed ! What miserable reasoning ! . Infatuated presumption,! I fear me, since the Roman religion rolled' her clouds of darkness over the. -early- ages, that she quenched as-much light, and knowledge and judgment, as our modern Liberals have ever displayed. I-do not expect a statesman to discuss tho point of transubstantiation betwixt Protes- -tant, and .Catholic, nor, to trace the narrow lines'whicb'disude'Prbtestant Sectarians from 'each 'oilier ; 'brit'ean any statesmanitliat "shall .have .taken, a -cursory; gllance . at, the,:face of Europe hesitate n raoment , on the; choicoof the Protestant religion ? .... , i ; If lie unfortunately knew nothing of its being the true one in : regard to onr eternal interest, ho is at least boundito see whether it be not the best for . the worldly prosperity of a people. Ho may: be but moderately imbued with pious zeal ' for the salvation of a kingdom, but, at least, lie -will bo expected to weigh tlio comparative merits of religion, as of "law or government ; and blind indeed must he be if he does not discern that, in neglecting to cherish the Protestant faith, or' in too easily yielding i to- any oncroacbmento)on it, he is foregoing thoruse of a State engine, more powerful than all the laws which the uninspired legislators of the ;eartii :havo ever promulgated, , in promoting . tlie; happi ness, the peace, prosperity, the order, the . industry, and the wealth of a; people ; in forming every quality valuable- or : desirablo in a! subject or a citizen ; in sustaining the' public mind at that point of education and information that forms the best, security for the State," and tho best preservative for tho freedom of a people, whether religious or Political. — Monthly Record oj the P. F. Mission. THE LUTHER EXHIBITION AT. THE BRITISH MUSEUM. — -The Times gives what it believes to bo the first complete translation made into English of the cele brated Indulgence preached by-Totzel, of which there is a copy in tho- present exhibi tion. Tlie task of translation; has been by no means an easy one, owing to the crabbed Latin of the original, which does not justify : tho charactor for elegant scholarship hitherto; attributed to the Court of Leo X. It is as follows : — Albert, by tho Grace of God, and of the Apostolic Soo, Archbishop of the: Holy Sao of Mentz and the Church of Magdeburg,' Primate and Arch-Chancellor of the Holy Roman Empire in Germany, Prince Elector and Administrator of Halberstadt, Marquis of Brandenburg, of Stettin, of Pomerania, Duke of the Cassabi and the Slaves ; Bur- grave of Nuremburg, and Prince of Rugen, and Guardian of the Order of Friars Minor of the Observance of the Convent of Mentz ; Nuncio and Commissary specially deputed for the undermentioned purposes by our most holy lord Pope Leo X. throughout the provinces of Mentz and Magdeburg, and the cities and dioceses thereof, as also those of Halberstadt, likewise the territories and places mediately or immediately subject to the temporal dominion of the most illustrious and illustrious Princes, the Lords Marquises of Brandenburg, to all and singular the faith ful who shall see the present letters. Health in the Lord. We make known that our most holy lord Leo X., by Divine Providence now Pope, to all and singular the faithful in Christ of both sexes, who shall extend help ing hands towards the reparation of the fabric of the Basilica of the Prince of the Apostles, St. Peter in the City, according, to our regulation, beyond those very full indul gences and other graces and faculties which the faUhful in Christ may themselves obtain; according to the contents of the Apostolic letters heretofore executed, has also merci fully indulged and granted in the Lord- that they may choose, as a suitable confessor, a secular priest or a regular of any Mendi cant order, who, after diligently hearing JtHeir.cqnfession, has the, power audibility, by' Apostolic authority, to plonarily absolve and enjoin salutary. penance on them for tho faults ; and excesses committed by the: person so; choosing, biin ; . and from sins of any kind, however grave and enormous ; even in cases' reserved for the said See ; and from ' ecclesiastical censures, even when undergone ! by a man at the instance of any one soever, with the consent of the parties; or from: those incurred by reason of an interdict, and : those the absolution of which has been spe- : cially reserved to the said See ; except the ; 'crimes of conspiracy against the person of 'the Supreme Pontiff, of the murder of Bishops, or of other superior prelates, 'and the laying violent .hands .upon them or other i ; prelates,: the forgery of letters .Apostolic, the ; .conveying of:; arms . and other prohibited ! things into heathen: countries,' and the sen- j tencoB and censures incurred On occasion of the "'importation' "of the'alums of Apostolic! Tolfa from heathen"' countries to the faithful, contrary to the Apostolic prohibition, once in life and in the article of death as often as it shall threaten; although ."death may not then supervene, and .in nonTreserved cases as often as they shall'seek it ; find once in life and in the said' article 'of- death,- to grant plenary indulgence and remission of all sins ; also to- commuto)for other t works /of piety any vows mado by them from time: to time (the vows of foreign travel, _of visiting the shrines of the. Apostles, and. of St. James in > Compos- itella, of: religion, and of; chastity, alone ex cepted). Tho same our most, holy lord has also granted that the aforesaid benefactors, and their deceased, parents who have died in charity,. should, become partakers for ever in the- prayers, suffrages, alms-deeds, fastings,; supplications, 'masses, canonical hours, disci plines, pilgrimages, and all other spiritual benefits' which are made and - ciin bo made in the universal Holy Church Militant; and in all the members of the same.- And; whereas, the devout Philip. Kessel;; Priest, has shown himself acceptable: by contributing" of his goods to the fabric itself, and to; the neces sary, restoration : of: the aforesaid -Basilica of the Prince of the Apostles,: according to the intention of our most -holy Lord tho Pope, and our ordinance, in sign'-of ' which thing 'he has receive'1 ' from us the "present letters : therefore, by the same Apostolic authority committed to us, which we act upon in these parts, we grant.' and bestow upon him, by theso presents, the power and ability to use and enjoy tlie said graces' 'and1' indulgences. Givenat. Augsburg,. underthe.sealappointed by us for this purpose, on the 15th day of tho month of April; in . tho year of four Lord 1517. . " Form of Absolution, as often as.may be required daring life " ' Misercatur tui.' &c.; (May Almighty God have mercy on thee, forgive thoo thy sins, and bring. thee to lifo everlasting.) May our Lord Jesus1 Christ, by thb'Merit of His Passion, absolve thee, by, whose authority and that of the Apostolic See, committed to me ,in these, parts and to thee conceded, I ab- : solve th'eo from all thy sins. "In the name of the Father and of tho Son, and of tho Holy Ghost. Amon. " Form of Absolution and fullest remis sion, "once'iu life and in tho article: of :deatli. " ' Misoreatur-'tui,' &c.; May our Lord Jesus Christ, by the merits of His Passion, absolve" thee, and I, by His authority ' and that of;tho Apostolic ;Seo, : committed : to me for this purpose, and to thee conceded, ab solve thee, : first from every sontence of the greater -or. lesser excommunication, if thon bast incurred any. and in the next place from all thy sins, by conferring upon thee theTullest remission of all: thy sins, and by remitting to thee also: the pains of purgatory, so far as the-: keys of .Holy 'Mother- Church extend. :In the nnmo of the .Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghostt Amen." THE EFFECT OF PRAYER.— To the- Editor of. the Catholic Layman. — Your Honour, — On the" last Sunday ' in Gotober I was passing a church after dusk in the even- ing, and 'thinks T; I'll ju8t :turD in; and. sure nobody will know it. Well, your honour, I -was well pleased ; for : sure I heard the Pro testants singing the hymn of tho Blessed Virgin herself, where she said that all gene-, -rations should call her blessed ; arid thinks I, the Protestants can't be so bad at all— sure it can't be their religion to hate the Blessed Virgin i when they sing that. But it isn't about that I am writing at all, your honour ; it's about the beautifullest prayer that ever I heard with my mortal oars ; and there was a man kneeling down beside me that had a prayer-book, and he lot me read it, and I just took and got it by heart ; and it's night and morning J'll pray that prayer, for sure it'p just the very prayer I want : and I'll tell' 1, to your honour, for sure I have it byheari, and maybe there is other poor men would It as glad of it as me. Well, your honoui; here it is — ; " Grant, we beseech thee, merciful Lord, to thy faithful people pardon and peace, that they may be cleansed from all their sins, arid serve thee with a quiet mind, through Josns Christ, our Lord. Amen." : ; -! W ell, now, if God . would just , give, mo pardon .and peace, and , j ust ! cleanse me from all my rinsj. instead of sending me running after .stations, and penances, and indulgences, arid still " hunting for pardon V and peace and novel- finding it, arid trying to leave a little money behind me to pay for masses to get trie peace when I was dead ; if he would just get me quit of all that, and give me pardon and peace now, and cleanse me of my sins at price, isn't it I that would love to serve Him with a quiet mind, after what Ho done for me. So, your honour, I never quit praying the beautiful " prayer I got. Well, " your honour, as I was walking !away, who .would I fall in with only the1, clergyman' himself, and lie bid me good .evening: kindly'; ' arid asked mo was I .in church ;: and, I told: hiin l heard -the beautifullest prayer' at all and many's the time, says l, I wished -for -a- prayer like that. And did you novsr hear it before ? says he. Never heard it before, your rever ence, says I. And were you never at mass on this Sunday of the year, says lie. Always reglar, your reverence, says I. Then; you always heard that same prayer, says he. Please, your reverence, says I, as I'm a living man, I never heard that prayer afore, since pussy was a cat. Well, your honour, up coraos a man and calls him away, in a hurry, to see a man that was dying, so I couldn't 1 earn any more out of him, and I didn't know what to think at all. Well, the next day I meets a neighbour .>that was just come out of Dublin, and he has with him a. beau tiful blue book, that was just written by Dr. Dixon ; that's our primate, your honour. Wffil,' I hadn't,' much time for the book, only I just read the first chapter, that told how'lio was at Rome itself, and how he saw the Pope, and gave him a copy of a book ho wrote about the Scripture, andihpw.his Holi ness said the book couldn't 'be any good to him at all, 'cause why, it was written in English. Well, your honour, with that, it just come across me all at once, may be tho Church of Rome lias the beautiful pray&r; in the Latin, and may be that's just the reason why I never knew one word about it, good nor/bad, when I don't know one word of the Latin, no more nor the Pope: does ofi Eng lish ; and then how would tho prayer do any good to me, no more nor tho book would to him ? Well, I just thought I would ask your honour; - for 3ure' isn't it the quare thing, if the! churches is so different, that they would both have the one prayor, and no difference at all only the Latin and English. But sure, your honour, isn't thatall the differ in "tlio world to a poor' mdri like'; me?:; Your honour's servant to coinmund,; Pat Mubray, of Westmeath. Pat Murray is quite right ; both churches have' the beautiful prayer, ;arid! a groat'many other prayers too. These prayers have come down from a very early time of the church, before there : were . any differences among Christians. The. only; difference. about, these prayers is this— the Protestant Cliurclies wish people to understand the prayers of tho early church, and the Church of Rome does not ; and we agree with Pat Murray, that in the matter (if ; prayer! ''this makes all the difference in the world. AN INCONVENIENT INTRUSION.— I was one day obliged "to consult her on a matter of obediehco relative to tho orphans. Fearing lest I should forget it, and incur the penalty of a severe penance, I loft my class in -tho school and hastened to the comtnunity- room, where . I expected to find her at li'er post of duty, but she was not there. I noise lessly weiit to her bedroom, and cautiously opened the door; fearing to disturb her if she should be asleep or indisposed. She was not asleep, but entertaining a reverend father — whose name I will not give, bocausp lie is now dead, and I have chiefly to treat with tho living who can defend themselves if I wrong thein — in a manner vary little in ac cordance with convent rules, or the idea of a young girl who judged all things charitably and thought evil of none. She was enraged at my intrusion, and violently pushed: nie through the- hall and down the 'stnirs; > The fall .was so severe that I walked lame for over one week. -She was afraid I might report fiier conduct to the otlicr sisters ; therefore in the overling alio called ino to her room, : apologised a little for throwirig me down stairs, and begged ,of line not;to mention tri. any one the adventure of tho afternoon. With hor accustomed plausibility she put a construction of .inno cence on : hbr conduct; which I received with unquestioning simplicity. Her excuse .was 'that Father D. was suddenly taken very .. ill while calling on business, and that she in sisted upon his resting upon her bed, where she could more readily minister unto liiin. I do riot accuse all the;sistors of the'ooin- mnnity of being immoral ; no, there are many pining souls, who, like myself, in all sincerity labour to become saints, with the strange fervour which the Catholic Chureh teaches. What language can possibly depict the piti able condition of those poor deluded ones who are victims of error so dark, and doctrines so fatal and ruinous ? Poor creatures, is there no remedy ? None ; unless the power of God burst their bonds and set them free. From the depth of my heart I thank God that He has set me free at last ; free from delusion and 'superstition ; free from convent rules and regulations ; free from its prison walls; and unholy' discipline. But it required- the deep cuts' of the ' chisel and the hard heavy strokes of the. hammer to /sever '/the chains/of my captivity '!,,Mr.,HowardVincerit1reada'paperlntelyat the Social Science/Congress, of Huddersfield, on the .repression of 'crime. Ingland, Wales, arid; Scotland the/direct cost of crime, he said/ amounts to' nearly six millions annually, thus distributed ;— Polico, . £3,500,000 ; prisons, £602,000 /; reformatories arid industrial schools, £482,000 ; legal proceedings, £322,000 ; value of property stolon, at least £1,000,000. "More than 64,100 persons are maintained for the prevention, detection, and punishment of crime, ' viz! Magistrates, 22,256 ; police, 35,780 ; prison, reformatory, and industrial school officials, 6105, to which numbers may be added/fully 10,000 clerk's, gaolers, ushers, &c.; In 1881, 822, 657. < persons were either apprehended,' proceeded against', or cited. " 