A Queenslander at Home. THE following is another of the interesting letters sent to a Brisbane friend by Mr. T. Finney from the old country, descriptive of his journeyings there: — " London, 7th January. "Mydear , —Hero I am on the wallaby track again as fresh as a lark, commencing the new year. In my last I forgot to mention that Australia took such a large number of the gold medals for wines at the Bordeaux Exhibition that the Messieurs arc quite alarmed about their wine trade in the future. " I think it my duty to tell you that I have not the slightest doubt now that the Torres Straits service has been a very good thing for Queensland. I mention this particularly, as I signed a petition against it when it was before the House as bcin^ too slow for a mail service, and I think so still; but it has brought Queensland into prominence here, and given it an individuality it had not before, and in the commercial world it is a grmt benefit to the colony of Queensland. " There is a patent being taken out here for making sugar from cano by a new process. If successful, it will revolutionise the sugar making. The patentees say the cane will yield fully three times thr «|iiatitity that it does under the present process. "I have been surprised at the alraoat com plete absence of cable news from Australia in the London papers. Every day you see items of news from nearly all countries except Aus tralia, so that the great bulk of the people in this country scarcely ever hear anything about us out there. With the growing impor tance and vast resources of Australia, it would pay fiftyfold if there could be an arrangement made to have colonial news published in the daily papers here, and surely it would be easy to find matter enough to interest the public and keep Australia prominently before thorn. " On the 10th August I went to Scotland on the invitation of Mr. T. Brown, to join in the grouse shooting on the 12th. You know the speed by the Flying Scotchman from London to Glasgow—4so miles in eleven hours, includ ing stoppages. I think it is not beaten in any part of the world. Got to Glasgow at 8 p.m., was met at the station by Mr. and Mrs. M'llwraith, Mrs. Mem, and several young lady friends, and my old friend Mr. J. Sinclair looking tut jolly as if he was going to preside at a municipal meeting at Brisbane; and was escorted to St. Enoch's in grand style. We were greatly disappointed to hear Mr. Mcm was laid up ill, as we expected he would be over to Ireland with 'us to kiss the blarney stone. We have missed them very much, as we were a very happy little party in our travels in America. "To return to the subject; got down to Brown's shooting lodge, Dull Jarrock, on the evening of the 11th, where we were mot by two Mr. Wilsons, West Indian merchants, their wives and families, with Mrs. Brown, two sons, two young Wilsons, T. Brown, and two charm ing young Scotch ladies; and myself, with several small members of the families, made a fine houseful; but the lodge is a fine large one, part of an old castle, with no ghosts in it. A pleosanter, jollier, or more hospitable houseful it would be difficult to find. The ladies enter into the spirit of the sport with a zest that makes it all the pleasanter. Every morning as we started in a break the ladies assembled and sent us off with ringing cheers; the same on our return, and you may depend upon it we re turned them with interest, led off by old Mr. Wilson, as keen a sports man and as jolly a man as I ever met, able to walk over moors as well as any of his sons, and a real ' scorcher' with the gun. There were eight guns—Mr. Wilson and his three sons, Mr. T. Brown and his two sons, and myself. All were good shots, and very few birds got away that were within fair distance. As you will see Brown and his son in Brisbane, they will give you all the par ticulars. The weather was all that could be desired, the moors extensive, grouse plentiful, dogs Al, gamekeepers knew their business, and the sport such as makes life enjoyable. Since then I have had many days' partridge, phea sant, rabbit, hare, ana snipe snooting in Eng land, Ireland, and Scotland, but I cannot spore time to describe further than to say that I had as fine sport as a man could wish for. At the end of September we got to Glasgow, and spent a few days with our friends there. On the 28th September we got into the train for Greenock at 9 a.m., went on board the Columba steamer there and started down the Clyde. The scenery along it is beautiful on a fine day, such as we had. Passed several towns and watering places. Called at Rothesay, through the Kyles of Bute, up Loch Fyne, landed at Ardrisnaig (some of the Scotch names want a lot of mouthing). Changed here into a steamer on the Crinan Canal—sailed through the country up hill and down dale. This is literally correct, as we went up through lock after lock, and down the same way; got across to Crinan and changed again into another steamer; passed the He brides and ran along the island of Mull on to Oban, a beautiful seaside resort in a snug corner of the bay, well sheltered by Kerera Island. The place is nearly all hotels, and is a favourite summer resort of the Glasgow folk to come and wasli off the soot and smut that always hangs about and coats the people in that great manufacturing hive. Passed some fine old ruins of castles, up Loch Linnhe to Glencoe, Fort William to Bannavie, where we camped for the night at a very fine hotel—the Locniel Arras—in the very heart of the Highlands. Ben Nevis sitting down in front of us looked very solemn in the bright moonlight. "On 29th September started again at 9a.m.; another flno day. The steamer enters Cale donian Canal here, and goes up Neptune's Stairs —a sorios of locks one after the otner for about a mile ; a tine view of Ben Nevis as we glide along the canal —it looks very cool in the clear morning with a thin cap of snow. This sailing through the Highlands suits us well — no tumbling or tossing or sea sickness. Going through the locks is tedious ; we generally get out and ramble about, gather flowers, and wait for the steamer. This Caledonian Canal runs through a chain of lochs—Loch Lochy, Loch Oich, Loch Ness—and the scenery all along is charming. An old Highlander entertained us with stories about Prince Charlie, and pointed out the different places connected with them as we went along. The canal and lakes abound with reminiscences of Prince Charles. Got to Inverness at G p.m. It is a very good town with a fine country round it. "On Saturday morning, 10 a.m., left by Highland Railway, with the same fine weather. Passed through the battlefield of Culloden, through the blasted heath of Macbeth fame, a desolate wretched- looking piece of moorland, which does not look fit for even witches to have a tea-meeting on, for if they sat down there they would require something much stronger than tea to warm their poor old bones. Along the Spey River we got a glimpse of Loch Ericht, surrounded by mountains—the highest lake in Scotland. The country up here looks very desolate and poor, with only miserable huts at long intervals. As we descend again towards Blair Athol we get into better country. The pass of Killiecrankie is beautiful. On to Dunkeld, along the lovely valley of the Tay to Perth, and then to Scone, where we halted for a few days to pull ourselves together a bit, for the pace was fast. "There is a great storm going on in the kirk here about allowing an harmonium in it. The minister wants the chest of whistles, and the congregation are divided. Some are with the minister ; the other side arc ranged under the blacksmith of Scone. They are death on music and say they will have their way or die in defending the kirk from what they cull the "du'il's invention." Your people are for the music, and there is the very deuce to pay over this knotty point in theology. I expect the blacksmith will carry the day, if they have not an earthquake before the dispute can be de cided. " From Perth we went on to Stirling, Bannockburn, and Edinburgh — the most beautiful city in the kingdom,. Viewed frqro, tho top of the castle, the rugged steep \\\\]b, the pharming style of architecture the stately churches and public buildings—the gar- j dens laid out on the sloping sides of a deep gully that was once a loch, and now the train runs along the bottom—Arthur's seat and the Calton Hill—the rich plains around dotted with '< villages, mansions, gardens, and ponds—lie ' like a map at your feet. In the distance to the north are the Highlands; the Firth of Forth , stretching away out to sea on the east—all i form a picture of bold, striking, contrasts, j charming to the eye. ; "We went through Holyrood Palace and ; Abbey, and were much interested in the rooms j once occupied by Mary Queen of Scots and : Darnley. There stand the bed and bed clothes actually used by Queen Mary, carefully protected ', from the fingers of curious visitors by a railing. | They are falling to pieces with old age. The whole at its best would be looked on as a poor I lot in the present day. There are also the • audience chamber and sitting-room off her bed chamber, where Kizzio was stabbed to death before her face. The attendants point out a I dark blotch on the floor as his blood. These i sights bring the history of luckless Mary vividly before the mind of the visitor. ■ "We went on to Ayr, and spent a very i pleasant day there—visited Robbie BurnsV house, inspected the bed he was born and slept in. It does not look a bit poetical. Saw i several of his manuscripts; had a ramble; through the churchyard where Tarn O'Shanter ' had the interview with Cutty Sark and her crew ) of witches, and the old bridge over the bonny Doon, where she pulled the tail out of Tarn s ; horse as he dashed across for his life. It brought back to my mind our friend G. H. reciting the piece at one of our glorious, schnapper fishing excursions. " We enjoyed our tour in Scotland very much.: The lochs, heather-covered mountains and. moors, beautiful glens, sparkling burns, with the country's legendary lore, and so many < historical associations, and its great manu-' facturing industries and prosperity, must be a source of pride and satisfaction to its sons and daughters wherever they may go. '' We had a very soft, sloppy, warm Christmas,, not at all the sort of weather we expected. The places of amusements, pantomimes, concerts, &c.;, are simply gorgeous. "We were at the Albert Memorial Hall New Year's Day evening to hear the " Messiah.": The orchestra and chorus numbered over 1000. Try and imagine what it was, accompanied by the great organ in that hall, played by Dr. Stainer, that immense building packed from floor to ceiling. " My next will be our Irish trip, so you can whistle ' Patrick's Day in the Morning 5 in an ticipation." 