TUBF GOSSIP. BY AUGUB, ; Thie afternoon lovers of sport will assemble at Canlfield to -witness thfe-ainusetneut pro vided by the Victorian Ansfctear Turf Clab. The coarse and its ratfonntiinga have under Sone some alteration ainceihe last meeting. Ir. Bond has completed tnelawn at Caul : field, and visitors to.the pretty little ground of the V.A.T.C. will findawonderfal in ' provement npon the abrupt Slope npon which : tbey stood at foriAer.inipetliws. The whole ;of the western end- bfthpstand has been i glased, and a blind do screen the ladies from : the powerful rays oftha-afteraoon sun will i be added. Upon Mveraloocasions eompeti ; torB in the steeplechase" been disquali ; fied throngh going toBide tne'tl&gs; at the tarn | near the brash "fence, tmt this has been ob viated by ttoKftfjESJlf njUvfojail on the j near aide 01 (Ef|,UMK. ppepial trains will ! ran (o the conrse"af ttinnnJa, and intending : visitors will be pleased to> fc^r that the .cattle* ; tracks'trill ffot MjusH upfin'this'occasion. 1 The racingpremie#* rtbL'b^iinterestine.and: npon paper. Songsooe and (Zaikja look beat> for the-Hordle RaoeVGBfciKm*E and Houtkb : for fche-Selling ItWtf pOHtoaaiNA -and .Coo hEERA ' for the GftHtiiglr Handicap-; MERRY Fknella and the Severance Stakes ; ABBAi/mitf-and Biack^horn for the Steeplechase, and Sqoibekn, and ; Cantaia for "8 t.Vfde ft tin e'ff Handicap. ; Tlj>e 'liandica^'Toc; tin Xattnceftton Cap was published by Mr. Bond*«.'8etqrdar last. The Melbourne Gnp wtancr .The Assyrian ' beads the list at Ost Blb.j a.weight he is quite master of, -as We has, mere than "once proved. It is doubtful, notrever, if we shall , ever see him ln ^]«7driii'whUh ^aahled him ; to win the Melbourne Cap. '*Creswick is not : at all badly in tft 8$. 81b,^ considering the ; calibre of the oompany apposed to him, and ? Verdure is feirly ,V|lj tr$at$d If she oan get the distance. Sunset bse foiled to fc*ep up the character hegtined vin. Mr. Hurtle , Fiehter'e colonrs, ana bolhilr has done badly on the flat, but' bema^ yetehow some of' bis old dash. Sheet Anchor, is a local per former of some xeputa, and is thought so much of by his friendp that they have en-i iteged -him >ln 4nfcv Australian Cap, Don Quixote is oneofthe beit Seated hortet in the vaoe, and if he shoulijl appear at the jibst. fit and w$ll he wo^la^propsbly bring the , ? ? '-.i M , , dollars bach to Victoria. Liberator islet o* lightly enough, but I don't think ho is quite himself just now, and the distance may be too far for EficthoD6QB, albeit ho is prod like a stayer. The Barb has several time* proved victorious in the island colony, oat I doubt if he ia good enough to win such a race as this, and I may say the same of Squire and Rhesus. The Waverley pau, Hol>art and Queen, ?were dead amiss while in Victoria, and as the colt has since shown something like his old form he may be difficult to beat upon thtB occasion. Qaeen is a good filly when jit, and as this King Coles have lately displayed excellent form, I don't see why she should not man tain the family reputation. Guy Faux ran over here upon several occasions,but never did any* thing to c&UBe; any regret for his departure to Tasmania. Lynnegrove is a colt that I once entertained a good opinion of, bat he has not yet justified it, and Mizpah, Duke of Alhol, and Apology are but moderate auiniule. The weights are so much in favour of DON QUIXOTE that he Bhould win easily, and if he does not, then the Waverley Btable ought to provide the winner, which may turn oat to be QUEEN or HOBAAT. Kanaka certainly looks the best upon paper for the Steeplechase, Bryan O'Lynti being his most dangerous opponent, and of the local lot Victor and Paul are the best performers It is reported in the Sydney papers that Messrs. Miller, Jones, and O'Brien laid the big wager of £100,000 to £2,000 againBt Warwick for the V.R.C. Derby and Grosvenor for the Melbourne Gup. If this be true, it iB splendid business for the layers, for it is quite the odds against flroBvenor for the Gup aloue. _ , . . Pell Mell's weight for the Hawkesbury Handicap was last week telegraphed as 9st. 101 b. It should have been 9at., and Cunna malla's weight should have been 9sc. 21b. in iBtead of 9dt, 121b. In consequence of the general election itaking place on Thursday, the 22nd February, it has been decided to postpone the Co lac meeting until Saturday, the 24th. At 4 p.m. on Thursday next, the 15th of February, the general entries for the V.R.C. autumn meeting close, and I shall indeed be surprised it Mr. Byron Moore has not the most formidable list of nominations ever received for an antumn meeting. The events tb8t liave already closed are the Ascotvale Stakes, St. Leger, Australian Cap, Sires' Produce Stakes, and Newmarket Handicap. Iu addition to these there are such items as the Town Plate of 500 sovs., Port Phillip Stakes of 300 sove., Steeplechase of 300 BOVS , Hurdle Race of 200 aovs., Grand Stand Stakes of 200 sovs., two Nursery Handicaps of 150 eovs. each, aud various other prizes that are hound to " fetch " the racing men of all the colonies. Entries for a number of other meetings cloBe next week. On Monday the races to be decided at Elaternwick-park have to be attended to at Mr. Gibuey'a office. Kirk's Bazaar. There are two trots, one for maidens and the other for the 2 45 class. A selling race of 50 sovs.. a handicap of 50 sovs., and a hurdle race of 50 sovs. complete the pro gramme. The Talbot and Amherst handi caps also close on Monday ; and so do the Gordon and Egerton Handicap and Hurdle Race. Yarrawonga acceptances are due on Tuesday, the 13th. Messrs. W. C. Yuille and Co. have received instructions to dispose of the Grassdale stud early in March. As it includes the stallion St. Albans and a number of the descendants of Panic there should be some competition amongst breeders for their possession. St. Albans is one of the moat promising sires of the day, his sons Stock well, Bagot, and Taeman having shown capital form during the past season or two. Plunger's recent successes must give a rare fillip to ArguB Scandal, whose fame as a sire is now firmly established, and from some of the well-bred mares that Mr. J. Whitting ham baa given him I expect to see a race hone equal in merit to his famous son. Plunger's dam, Lady Ellen, is closely related to Contessa, the dam of Conteesina, for both are by Vagabond, Contessa's dam being Conntess by Warlock from Duchess, while Lady Ellen's dam. Lady Mary, is by Van Tromp from Duchess, a descendant of a Whisker mare imported from New Smith Wales, where she was bred by Mr. Charles Smith, who in the olden time possessed some of the best mates in the sister colony. King Cole is another sire whose character was im proved by some of the results at Geelong. Little Jack, Off Colour, and Essex all won, and I shall not be surprised if the second named colt tarns oat one of the best of next season's three yea* olds. In consequence of the return match be* tween the . Englishmen, and Victoria being fixed for the 2nd of March, Messrs. Yoille and Go. have determined to alter the date of Mr. Samnel Gardiner's Bundoora-park sale to Wednnday, March 7. The match will be continued on the V.R.C. St. Leger and pro bably finished on the Australian Cop day. As Victorians will have bad enough and to spare of cricket by Dext month, the clashing is not likely to seriously interfere with the receipts at Fleming ton, for the people will go to see the St. Leger and Australian Gap; bat would it not have been a graceful act upon the part of the M.C.C. bad its managing committee arranged the dates to that the Hon. IvoBligh and his friends could have seen a oouple of good dayB' racing on our principal racecourse: Several members of tbe team nave expressed their disappointment at not having had an 'opportunity to witness the sport at Fleming |ton, and it oertainly leads like bad manage iment fot the M.C.C. to have selected the St. ILeger and Australian C|up days for the final i match against the Englishmen. ! From Mr, W. Gordon, the secretary of the ' Adelaide Racing Club, I have received a fnl Dro&r;&mt;&e; of the' meeting to bo held ID May* The dates chosen are the 19th, 21th, and 26th May. On the first day six events will be de cided, commencing with a Hurdle Race of 100 sovs., after which oome the Trial Handi. cap of 100 sovs., St. Leger, Champagne Stakes, Totalisator Handicap of 100 aovs., and Steeplechase of 100 sovs. The leading feature of the seoond day's bill is the Qaeen s Birthday Cup of 500 sovs. .withagoldcup value 100 sovs. added, otae mile and three-quarters. There is botraa to *be a large entry fot this race, especially from Victoria, which oolony i is bonnd to oontribnte largely to this' evant i and the Adelaide Cap. The other eventslon Ithe second day are a Hurdle Race of 100 | sovs., Selling Race of 100 sovs., Selling Steeplechase of 75 sovs., and 'Suburban Handicap of 100 sovs. The third day's list includes a Two-year-old Selling Race of 75 sovs.) City Handicap of 250 sova.1 (one mile), Corinthian Cup. Steeplechase of 200 sovs.. Tramway Handicap of 100 sovs., and Final Flutter of 100 sovs. This is a bill of fare that should suit the most exacting, and Mr. Gordon may reat assured that be will have a , goodly list of entries to Bhow, The Queen's I Birthday Cap and City Handioap close on the {'l4th March. - (CaulGeld and J51stern wick-park will have a strong counter-attraction at Hawkesbury on St, Patrick's Day, for it has been chosen by the H.R.C. to wind apthe autumn meeting, the 16th and 17th being the day* selected by the members of committee. A weil-ar- ? ranged programme has been framed, and it will be found in the advertising oolumna of The Atutralasian this week. As is ea«. tomsry in Australia, it opena with a Hurdle Baoe of 100 sovs., which is followed by the Rowley Mile Handicap of 100 so vs. To the Claret Stakes for two year olds the clab adds 200 SOVB., the Public Auction Stake* of 100 .ovs., and the Railway Handicap of 100 so vs. being the other items. The second day opena with the Shorts Handicap of 100 so vs., fol» lowed by the Maiden Plate of 100 so vs., Hawkesbnry Autumn Handicap of 300 sova.. Selling Plato of 100 sova , and Sportsman's Handicap of 100 aove. The Claret Stakes and Hawkesbnry Handicap have already closed, and in both some of the best horses of the day are engaged. The general entries close on Toes day, the 20th February, and Victorian entrieB will be received at the office of the V.R.C. The withdrawals from the Australian Cup and Newmarket Handicap number seven ana 19 respectively. Very few of the good horses have been struck out, and we may, therefore, look for good fields in both races. From the Sydney Cap 18 have been withdrawn, Guess work being the best of tbe lot struck out, and it was not expected that he would accept at 8at. 71b. Mr. A. F. Bradebaw complains that a boy named P. Farrell has left his service withont leave, and he cautions trainers not to employ him. Following the example of the V.RC. and tbe A, J.C., the HawkeBbury Race Club has resolved to charge bookmakers a registra tion fee of £10 for the right of betting iu the grand Btand enclosure. This regulation will be enforced after the lat of March, and applications for approval muet be submitted by the 26th inat. I believe the Tasmanian clubB also are going to charge a smaller fee, and probably the right of wagering will be confined to those members of tbe Ring who have been licensed by the V.RC. Nellie, who won the Maribyrnong Plate in 1878, and who has been at St, Albans for tbe past two years, has returned to Sydney, accompanied by a colt foal by King of the Ring. Owners who are satisfied with their weights for tbe Hawkesbnry Autumn Handicap will have to pay 3 sovereigns, balance ot entrance* fee, by 4 p.m. on Tuesday next. As W. Yeomane does not intend to devote eo much of hie time to the saddle as in former years, be and T. Hales have dissolved part nership, eo far as riding is concerned The following have paid first forfeit for the Sydney Cup Comet, Elastic, Henchman, Stella, Rainbow, Recovery, Silver Arrow, Thorn topper, Hilltop, Boniface, Lord of Lake, Grosveuor, Sportsman, Gladiator, Despot, Brian Boru, Hoy's Wife, Guesswork, Van cluee and The Gem. Stella, The Drum* mer,' Rupert, Recovery, and Tbe Gem have heen struck out of the Hawkesbnry Handi cap. In the advertising columns of The AwtraU anan this week will be found an evidence of what tbe totalisator has done for the turf in New Zealand. It will there be seen that the Canterbury Jockey Club publishes the con ditions of the New Zealand Cap, to be run at tbe November meeting. The magnificent Bum of 1,000 BOVB. is added to a sweepstakes of 20 sovs. each, the second howe to receive 100 BOVB., and the third horse 50 BOVB. In other respects it is similar to the Melbourne Cup, being a handicap of two miles. Entries for this race cloBe on tbe 1st of March, and I bope to see several Australian horses among those nominated. It is a pity that arrange ments were not made with the V.R.C, to receive entries, bnt those who wish to have a cut in for tbia valuable stake should said their nominations at once. The Canterbury Cup is alBO advertised. This is a weight-for age race of two miles and a quarter, and the added money is 500 sova. Any enterprising Victorian with a oonple of bones might do » good thing by undertaking the New Zealand tour. This race doeB not close until August, and the C. J.C. Derby of 500 eova. baa already closed. Tbe Victorian friends of Mr. T. P. Fenner, who formerly occupied the position of secretary to the V.A.T.C., will be glad to bear that he has been appointed secretary of Adelaide TattereaU's. Among the competitors at Geelong last week wpa a very good-looking colt named Merman, a son of tbe King of the Ring and. Mermaid. He was only started to get used to company, for he «u as big as an ox, and another that was out to see tbe crowd was Entice, a strapping big son of Tattn* don. Tbe Boort Turf Clnb annual meeting will take place on the 8th March. The steeplechaser Premier has gone into. ,Coffey'a stable, sod Hill Talk has joined J. Morrison's string. Don Quixote, who looks a good thing for tbe L&uuceston; Gap, left by the on Wednesday. Mr. John Spicer baa sold hia old favourite. Young Deoeiver to Mr. T. W. Phillips, who intends to use tbe horse as a banter. The steeplechaser Collingwood has been sold to go to Adelaide. TbeGlenelg Turf Clnb will have a race meeting on the 18th April. The programme will include the G.T.C. Handicap of 60 sovs* and Hurdle Race of 30 sovs. Entries fox the principal handicaps close on the 20th March. The date of the Ballan Jockey Clab meet ing has been altered from the 1st to the 2nd of March. The alteration has been made an consequence of the Bacchus Marsh and Pentland-hills show being fixed for the same day. The racing Mi Geelong on the first day ot the meeting was not of A very exciting character, and in future years the G.R.C, will do well to study its own interests by post", poning the declaration of weights nnta jthe events of the Viotqrian Club are depdtd* Songster, who has improved wonderfully in. his jumping, had no difficulty in winning the, Hurdle Race, bnt I was tony to see Annie Laurie fall, not that she would bars sron. . , bnt, bad the man stood op, poor King would not have had hia arm fractured. In these: > days, when good cross-countrr jockeys are so : scarce, hfs absence will be felt. Mr. Joseph) 1 Harper, who ia always to tbe fore in cases of distress, at once became bnsy directly he found out how serious the aocident was, and, he succeeded in raising over £70 for the: injured jockey. Boolka kept op his reputa-j tionby winning the Trial Stakephkejaxaoe* horse, bnt I hardly expected to SM Gad^ura, land the Cup. Mr. De Mestre had become disgusted with him for his uncertainty, and offered him for 600 son., bnt nobody seemed inclined to give thiasnm, fortunately for the: owner, and the race being ran at aslow pan; he won oleveriy. Colston* tan like a geO& colt, and I think we shall has* mot* of King , of the Vale, who blew tremendooslyftfter tbft , race. Mistaken, whphaa nmtMtran uotft > bis private form, again disappointed hit friebds, and so did Odd Triok, whose run , uing was too bad to he treei The.wisdouk , of sticking to a running fcttiHr wss ' further demonstrated in the Sins' Produce Stakes, wherein Off Colour 1 snowed - hie Superiority over the favourite, St. Iatobm, who, it is said, ran unkindly. Mr. Wilson 8 colt, on the dam's lidti dwcwM from tht game family that has given us Ragpicker, Sylvia, Goldsbrough, Eobin Hood, Lapidist, Robinson Crusoe, Firat Water, Sardonyx, Morpetb, Navigator, Turquoise, &c.;, hie mother, The Gem, being by Maribyrnong from Chrysolite, by Stockwell trom Juliet; and racing men who stick to this family will find, in the end, no cause to regret their policy. Little Jack landed a third race for tit Albans and his sire, King Cole, and as 1 have always regarded him as the beet of the three year olds in the stable, I shall not be surprieed if he still farther proves his excel lence by winning a big handicap in the autumn. The great sensation of the eecoud day's racing was the wonderful performance of Plunger in the Sires' Produce Stakes There wae no mistake about the time, for several of the most accomplished timista had their " tickers" on, and they all agreed with the official. Mr. F. Dakin had tried Fryiug pan better than ever, and expected him to tun the mile and a half in 2m. 41s., but he never could get to the brilliant eon of Argos Scandal, who evidently can go as fast as auy ! thing, and can stay. In fact, he appears to be Quite aa good a colt as Isavigator or GuesB* I work, and his friends do not appear to have known it, otherwise they would not have let him go out friendless for the Victorian Club Cnp nor would they have neglected to enter him'for the Australian Cap and Sydney Cap. j In the Town Plate, however, he will have an opportunity of measuring strides with Com motion, Navigator, and Guesswork j and should he defeat tbem Mr. James Redfearn will have the good fortune to own the beet horse in Australia. Little Jack proved that bis Coalfield Cup running was no fluke, and Odd Trick's form in the handicap was some what different to that which he exhibited in tbe Cap. The St. Albans stable was parti cnlarly fortunate throughout the meeting, winning no less than five of the events, and young Moore was on the winners four times. I'm glad to Bee that St. Albans gained a winning bracket on Little Sister, aod hope to see this once-successful jockey oftener in the saddle. Tbe compiler has been good enough to forward a copy of the Mauritian Turf j Register, containing a record of the races of Mauritius from 1845 to 1877. Daring the latter portion of tbe time Australian horses played a conspicuous part in the contests of the island, as the names of Self-Reliance, Detective, Partisan, and Sir Wiliiam often appear as winners, Detective especially having been a great gun. In 1SG5 the English horse Cro&gh; Patrick was one of the champions, and was subsequently removed to Australia. Then in 1S74 I find that Proto- i Martyr, who had won races in England, was eligible to run for a Maiden Plate, which he won, and he also carried off the Turf Club Plate. He also came to Australia, and is DOW located at Mr. Selman's Willow-vale Stud Farm. Mr. H. D. l&pinay; Carden is tbe compiler of tbe work, and I believe he intends to publish another edition in which he will give a complete rteumi of racing in Mauritius from 1812, tbe first year boree tacisg was introduced. By the Berengaria Mr. A. E. Finlay Bent to AuBtnlia three mares that should prove an acquisition to any stud. It will be remem bered that tbe ship ran ashore a few days ago at Barwon Heads, but fortunately got afloat again; and I'm glad to say that the mares re ceived no damage whatever. They consist of a chesnut mare by Maroon from Inversnaid, by Leamington; chestnut filly, three yean old, by King Alphonso from Jamaica; and a J bay filly by See Saw from Mrs. Waller, by I King Tom. Tbe second-named is foil aister to the American celebrity Foxhall, aod she will foal to Australian time. I think the j Maroon mare must also be an American, and probably was purchased by Mr. Finlay while he was travelling through tbe United States. Cran bourne bill of fate for the 14th March appears this week, and contains aeven disties. Principal amongst these is the Cranbourne j Handicap of 50 sovs. There is a Steeplechase ; of 45 eove., also a Hurdle Race of 35 sove., and a novelty is the Barebacked Hurdle Race, which will doubtless create a lot of fan. i Entries for the handicaps, addressed to the I hon. secretary, Mr. P. G. Gill, will be received at Mrs. Bowk's Australian Hotel, Bourke street, and at the Mornington Hotel, Cran* bourne, on Monday, February 26. The Wilcannia Jockey Ciub is to the fore with an excellent programme for the 18th and 19th ApriL The card for the first day has eix races, including the Wilcannia Handi cap of ?00 sovs., to which will be added a silver cup presented by Mr. T. O'Leary. Six events will be decided on the second day, the Chief ftem bone die W.J.C. Handicap of 150 govs. Entries for these events close on the 21st Febrnary, on which day 4hey must be in the hsiids of tbe secretary, Mr. H. W. Elwes. The full programme *nd particulars will be found in the advertising columns of The j iiafrfffaffftiH i Entries for the Albury Hurdle Race and Steeplechase close on Thursday next, the 16th itost. Mr. R. K. Maitland arrived from India in the mailhOat, and looks remarkably well. St. Arnaud meeting will take plaoe on the 20th March. A visitor from New Zealand who Attended the Flsmington training ground a few piorn* ings ago, writes .complaining of the l^wgn w» DM by aonie'of theprofesnonal trainers. He States that it would nave disgraced the low est blackguard ofUttli Bourke-street, one ttainer in particular, who was once a steeple <ftiafa*tidfer«f tepufce, being the greatest of fender, His letter is too long for insertion, tt'4Mlndtrattyi Inqnesuon is ant to use Utffnbxeof the kind referredto, it is to be tid^d^Cjr. Moots will take some steps to pat S&Mf-; 504ntr«bet8 «< the ring have seat inw^rciatoss' Imi chequesto the Victoria fftuf Clib, and others are expected ^'u.( n: (,h .... ? , . >inftfl l'h*v6ceciived further details of <tM CMtmttameeting. Caractacus carried 9fck',°SUd' WTO1 theSohlwan Cup, Petrim 6at, Mlb,; fceliig Moond, snd Palmerston 9ai 71b. rite U<riin Wilson was fiat and MMOfrd wi«» **4 io* 9ft OMnfr Annual Cop, s hurdle race: Millrf up lama Our old friend Gotesgo'lWp tiie -Saadown Park Stakes «ad QtowieuraeeOap. Mr. John Wilson did net WintbSnMKW*Cupwith8irPeter, bat Midid M lib. Caractv dus.&rt.; msiomd; snd Palmerston 9it nblwii wfll bsiemembered as a AMU** ^ing.^former^tbr property of Mr.tHorl^GlasBoock. and'hU best.perform anSewasrnnBinBStooodfortheWilliamstown flandtfiap. Be is fay Hamlet from Derelict, .Dd «Mbnid bf Mr.Thomas Hntr, TheflsssKsfastJUogis &i; Periera, for pro moting a eweep.was withdrawn on the MitMtBt limiaileilirifltie of £10 10s., .»tf £1010s.eoat*. Thefollowi»gd»clared forfeit at theV.R.C. oflos Wondsy t-^-iAnstralian Cup- Lord Befwblsy, Lotbslr, 8anta QUus, Taper, Essex, Calm. lfawwetkstHsnriic»'p~8atdonyx,Cbat tSNr^Oalm;' Declamation, Rooftree, Baclid, Odd Trick, Vsidurs, CtMwick, Baton von j Mueller, The Ghost, Lothair, Morpeth, Britisher, Lord of Clyde, Mamslake, Stiver Arrow, Walton, Itneidora. At a general meeting of the A. J.C. yester day, the new rales were adopted, with a few amendments, and they are to come into force on the 2nd of April. 