SIR TOM. BY MBS. OIitPHAWT. Author of "The Chronicles of Carlingforti, "The Greatest Heiress in England," " He that Will Not when He May," Ac., Ac. CHAPTER XXV. THE CONTESSA'S BOUDOIB. The east rooms in which Madame de Forno Pouulo had been placed on her arrival at the Hall were handsome and comfortable', though they were not the best in the house, and they were furnished as English rooms generally are, the bed forming the principal object in each chamber. The Contessa had looked around her in dismay when first asked into the spacious room with its huge couch, and wardrobes, and its unmistakable destination as a sleeping-room merely, and it was only the addition of a dressing-room of tolerable proportions which had made her quarters so agreeable to her as they proved. The meta morphosis of this room from a severe male dressing-room into the boudoir of a fanciful and luxurious woman waB a work of art of which neither the master nor the mistress of the house had the faintest conception. The Contessa was never at home; so that she was—having that regard for her own comfort, which is one of the leading features in such a life as hers—everywhere at home, carrying about with her wherever she went the materials for creating an individual centre (a chez sot, which is something far more inti mate and personal than a home), in which everything was arranged according to her fancy. Had Lucy, or even had Sir Tom, who knew more about such matters, penetrated into that sacred retirement they would not have recognized it for a room in their own house. Out of one of the Contessa's boxes there came a paraphernalia of decoration such as would turn the head of the aesthetic furnisher of the present day. As she had been everywhere, and hafl " taste," when it was not so usual to have taste as it is now, she had "picked up" priceless articles in the shape of tapestries, embroideries, silken tissues no longer made, delicate bits of Eastern carpet, soft, falling drapery of curtains, such as artistically arranged in abnost any room, impressed upon it the Contessa's individuality, and made some thing dainty and luxurious among the meanest surroundings. The Contessa's maid, from long practice, had become almost an artist in the arrangement of these properties, without which her mis tress could not live; and on the evening of the first day of their arrival at the Hall, when Madame de Forno-Populo emerged from the darkness of the chamber in which she had rested all day after her journey, she stepped into a little paradise of subdued colour and harmonious effect. Antonio and Marietta were the authors of these wonders. They took dowr. Mrs. Freshwater's curtains, which were of a solid character adapted to the locality, and replaced them by draperies that veiled the light tenderly and hung with studied gra ce. They took to pieces the small bed, and made a divan covered with old brocade of the prosaic English mattress. They brought the finest of the furniture out of the bedchamber to add t to the contents of this, and covered tables with Italian work, and veiled the bare wall with tapestry. This made such a marical change that the maids who penetrated by chance now and then into the little temple of the Graces could only stand aghast and gaze with open mouths; but no profane hand of theirs was ever per mitted to touch those sacred things. There were even pictures on the wall, evolved out of the depths of that great coffer, which, more dear to the Contessa even than her wardrobe, went about with lier everywhere— and precious pieces of porcelain. Madame de Fomo-Populo, it need not be said, being quite above the mean and cheap decoration made with fans or unmeaning scraps of colour. The maids aforesaid who obtained perilous and breathless glimpses from time to time of all these wonders, were at a loss to understand why so much trouble should be taken for a room that nobody but its inmate ever saw. The finer intelligence of the reader will no doubt set it down as something in the Contessa's favour that she could not live, even when in the strictest privacy, without licr pretty things about her. To be a are it was not always so. In other regions where other habits prevailed this shrine so artistically prepared was open to worshippers, but the Contessa knew better than to make any such innovation here. She intended, indeed, nothing that was not en tirely consistent with the strictest propriety. Her objects, no doubt, were her own interest and her own pleasure, which are more or less the objects of most people, but she intended no harm. She believed that she had a hold over Sir Tom which she could work for her advantage, but she did not mean to hurt Lucy. She thought that 1-epOBe and a tem porary absence from the usual scenes of her existence would be of use to her, and she thought, also, that a campaign in London under the warrant of the highest respect-, ability would further her grand object. It amused her, besides, perhaps, to flutter the susceptibilities of the innocent little ingtnue whom Sir Tom had married, but she meant no barm. As for seizing upon Sir Tom in the evenings, and occupying all his attention, that was the most natural and simple of pro ceedings. She did this as another woman played bezique. Some entertainment was a necessity, and everybody had something. There were people who insisted upon whist —she insisted only upon "some one to talk to." What could be more natural ? The Contessa's "some one" had to be a man, and one who could pay with sense and spirit the homage to which she was accustomed. It was her only stipulation, and surely it must be an ungracious hostess indeed who coulil object to that 1 She had just finished her breakfast on one of those grey mornings, seated be fore the fire in an easy chair, which was covered with a shawl of soft but bright In dian colouring. She had her bock to the light; hut it was scarcely necessary, even had there been any eyes to see her save those of Marietta, who naturally was familar with her aspect at all times. Marietta made the ContesBa's chocolate, as well as arranged and kept in order the Contessa's boudoir. To such a retainer nothing comes amiss. She would sit up till all hours, and perform marvels of waiting, of working, service of every kind. It never occurred to her that it " was not her place" to do anything that her mistress required. Antonio was her brother, which was insipid; but she generally managed to indemnify herself, one way or another, for the loss of this legitimate method of flirtation. She had not great wages, and she had a great deal of work, but Marietta felt her life amnsing, and did not object to it. Here in England the excite ment indeed flagged a little. Williams was stout and married, and the other men had ties of the heart with which, as has been seen, Antonio ruthlessly interfered. Marietta was not unwilling to rive to Charles the foot man, who was a handsome young fellow, the meanB of avenging himself; but, as yet, this expedient for a little amusement nad not succeeded, and there had been a touch of peevishness in the tone with which she asked whether it was true that the Contessa intended remaining here. Madame de Forno Populo was a woman who disliked the bondage of question and reply. 4 You do not amuse yourself, Marietta mia," said the Contessa. She spoke Italian with her servants, and she was always caressing, fond of tender appellatives. 44 Patience! the country, even in England, is very good for the complexion, and in London there is a great deal that is amusing. Wheel this table away, and give me the other with my writing things. The cushion for my elbow. Thanks! You forget nothing. My Marietta, you will have a happy life. Pa44 Do you think so, Signora Contessa?" said the girl, a little wistfully. The Contessa smiled npon her and said 44 Cara!" with an air of tenderness that might liave made any one happy. Then Bke ad dressed herself to her correspondence, while Marietta removed into the other room not only the tray but the table with the tray which her mistress had used. The Contessa did not like to know or see anything of the processes of readjustment and restoration. She glanced over her morning's letters again, with now and then a smile of satisfaction, and addressed herself to thetaskof answering them with apparent pleasure. Indeed, her own letters amused her even more than the others liad done. When she had finished her task she took up a silver whistle and blew into it a long melodious note. She' made the most charmmg picture, leaning back in her chair, in a white cashmere dressing-gown covered with lace, and a little cap upon her dark locks. All the accessories of her toilette were exquisite, as well as the draperies about her that relieyed and set off her whiteness. Her shoes were of white plusli, with a. cockade of lace to correspond. Her sleeves, a little more loose than common, showed her beautiful arms through a mist of lace. She was not more carefully nor more elegantly dressed when she went downstairs in all her panoply of conquest. What a pity there was no one to see it—but the Contessa did not even think of this. In other circum stances no doubt there might have been spec tators, but in the meantime she pleased her self, which, after all, is the first object witli any well-constituted mind. She leaned back in her chair, pleased witli herself and- her surroundings, in a gentle languor after her occupation, and conscious of a yellow novel within reach should her young companion be slow of appearing. But Bice, she knew, had the ears of a savage, and would hear her summons wherever she might be. Bice at this moment was in a very different scene. _ She was in the large gallery, whioh was a little chill and dreary on a morning v.-tien all the windows were full of a grey, inde finable mist instead of light, ana the an cestors were indistinguishable in their frames. She had just been going through her usual exercise with the baby, and had joined Lucy at the upper end of the gallery that sport being over, and little Tom carried off to his mid-day sleep. There was a fire there, in the old-fashioned chimney, and Lucy had been sitting beside it watching the sport. Bice seated herself on a stool at a little distance. She had a half affection, halt dislike for this young woman, who was most near.her in age of any one in the house. For one thing they were on different sides, and representing different interests; and Bice had been trained to dislike the ordinary housekeeping woman. They had been brought together, indeed, in a moment of emotion Dy the instrumentality of the little delicate child, for whom Bice had conceived a com passionate affection. But the girl felt that they were antagonistic. She did not expect understanding or charity, but to be judged harshly and condemned summarily by this type of the conventional and proper. She believed that Lucy would he 44 shocked" by what slic said, and horrified by her freedom and absence of prejudice. Yet, notwith standing all this, there was an attraction iu the candid eyes and countenance of little Lady Randolph which drew her in spite of herself. It was of her own will, though with a little apx>earance of reluctance, that she drew near, and soon plunged into talk—for to tell the truth, now that Jock was gone Bioe felt occasionally as if she must talk to the uinds and trees, and could not at the hazard of her life keep silence any more. She could scarcelv tell now it U'aB that she was led into confessions of all kinds and descriptions of the details of her past life. 44 We are a little alike," said Lucy. 441 M as not much older than you are when my father died, and aftenvards M-e had no real home : to be sure I had always Jock. Even when Papa was living it M'a's not very home like, not M'h at I should choose for a girl. I felt how different it was uiien I went to Lady Randolph, who thought of everything" Bice did not say anything for some time, and then she laughed. 44 The Contessa does not think of everything," she said. Lucy looked at her with a question in her eyes. She wanted to ask if the Contessa was kind. But there Mras a certain domestic treachery involved in asking such a question. 44 People are different," she said with a certain soothing tone. 44 We are not made alike, you luiou'; one person is good in one way and one in another." This abstract deliverance was not at all iu Lucy's way. She returned to the particular point before them witli relief. 44 England, she said, 44 must seem strange to you after your own country. I suppose it is much colder and less bright." 441 liuve no country," said Bioe, 44 every where is my country. We have a house in Rome; but we travel; we go from oue place to another—to all the places that are what you call for pleasure. We go in the season. Sometimes it is for the waters, sometimes for the sports or the games—always festce wherever we go." 44 And you like that? To be sure you are so very young; otheru-ise I should think it was rather tiresome," Lucy said. 44 No, it is not rather tiresome," said Bice, with a roll of her44 r," 44 it is horrible. When we came here I did not know what it was, but I rejoiced myself that there was no band playing. I thought at first it was merely jour ae reldche, but when morning after morning came and no band, that was heavenly," she said, drawing a long breath. 44 A band playing 1" Lucy's laugh at the absurdity of the thing rang out with all the gaiety of a child. It amuBed her beyond measure, and Bice, always encouraged by approbation, went on. 441 expected it every morning. The house is so large. I thought the season, perhaps, was just beginning, and the people not arrived yet. Sometimes we go like that too soon. The rooms are cheaper. You oaa make your own arrangement. Lucy looked at her very compassionately. 44 That is why you pass the mornings in your own room," she said, 44 were you never then in a country house before?" 441 do not know what is a country house. We have been in a great castle where there was the chase every day. No that is not what la chasse means in England. To shoot I would say. And then in the evening the theatre, tableaux, or music. But to be quiet all day and all night too, that is what I nave never seen. We have never known it. It is confusing. It makes_ yoa feel as if all went on without any division; all one day, all one niglit." Bice laughed, but Lucy looked somewhat grave. " That is our natural life in England," she said, " we like to be quiet, though I have not thought we were very quiet; we have had people almost every night." To this Bice made no reply. But at Lucy's next question she stared, not understanding what it meant. " You o everywhere with the Contessa." she said; "are you out?" "Out!" Bice's eyes opened wide, _She shook her head. " what is out ?" she said. " It is when a girl begins to go to parties— when she comes out of her home, out of the schoolroom; from being just a little girl " " Ah, I know ! From the convent, said Bice; " but I never was there." " And have you always gone to parties all your life ?" asked Lucy with wondering eyes. Bice looked at her, wondering too. " We do not go to parties. What is a party?" she said. " We go to the rooms—oh, yes, and to the great receptions sometimes, and at hotels. Parties? I don't know what that means. Of course, I go with the Contessa to the rooms and to the table d'hote. I give her my arm ever since I was tall enough. I carry her fan and her little things. When she sings I am always ready to play. They call me the shadow of the Countessa, fori always wear a black frock, and I never talk except when some one talks to me. It is most amusing liow the English look at me. They say, Miss ? and then stop that I may tell them my name." "And don't you?" said Lucy. "Do you know, though it is so strange to say it, I don't even know your name." Bice laughed, but she made no attempt to supply the omission. " The Contessa thinks it is more piquant," she said. " But nothing is decided about me till it is known how I turn out. If I am beautiful the Countessa will marry me well, and all will be right." I " And is that what you—wish ?" said Lucy, in a tone of horror. . " Monsieur, your brother," said Bice, with a laugh, " says I am not pretty, even. He says it does not matter. How ignorant men arc, and stupid! And then suddenly they are old, old, and sour. I do not know which is the worst. I do not like men " "And yet you think of being married, which it is not nice to speak of," said Lucy, with disapproval. "Not—nice? Why is that? Must not girls be married! and if so, why not think of it?" said Bice gravely. There was not the ghost of a blush upon her cheek. "If you might live without being married that would understand itself; but otherwise " " Indeed," cried Ltlcy, " you can, indeed you can! In England, at least. To marry for a living, that is terrible." " All!" cried Bice, with interest, drawing her chair nearer, " tell me how that is to be done." There was the seriousness of a practical interest in the girl's manner. The question was very vital to her. There was no other way of existence possible so far as she knew; but if fthere was it was well worth taking into consideration. Lucy felt the question embarrassing when it was put to her. in this venr decisive way. *'Oh," Bhe cried with an Englishwoman s usual monosyllabic appeal for help to heaven and earth. " There are now a great number of ways. There are so many things that girls can do—there are things open to them that never used to be—they can even he doctors when they are clever. There are many ways in which they can maintain them selves." " By trades ?" cried Bice, " by work ?" She laughed. " We hear of that sometimes, and the doctors; everybody laughs; the men make jokes, and say they will have one when they are ili. If that is all, I do not think there is anything in it. I should not like to work even if I were a man, but a woman—_! that gets no money, that is mal vu. If that is all I Work," she said, with a little oracular air, " take up all your time, and the money that one can earn is so small. A girl avoids say ing much to men who are like this. She kuows how little they can have to'offer her; and to work herself, why it is impossible. What time would you have for anything?'' cried the girl, with an impatient sense of the fatuity of the suggestion. Lucy was so much startled by this view of the subject that she inade no reply. " There is no question of working," said Bice, with decision, "neither for women, neither for men. That is not in our world. But if I am but pretty, no more," she added, " whatwill become of me? It is not known. I will follow the Contessa as before. I will be useful to her, and afterwards . I prefer not to think cf that. In the mean time I am young. I do not wish for any thing. It is all amusing. I become weorv of the band playing, that is true ; but then sometimes it plays not so badly, and there is something always to laugh at. Afterwards, if I marry, then I can do as I like," the girl said. * Lucy gave her another look of surprised awe, for it was really with that feeling that she regarded this strange little philo sopher. But she did not feel herself able to put-Bue the subject with so enlightened a person. She said, "How very well you •speak English. _ "tou have scarcely ^anjj accent, ana the Contessa has none at all * was afraid she would speak only French, and my French is so bad." " I have always spoken English all my life. When the Contessa i8 angry Bhe Bays 1 am English all over; and she—she is of no country—she is of all countries; we are what you call vagabonds," the girl cried, with a laugh. She said it so calmly, without the smallest shadow of shame or embarassment, that Lucy could only gaze at her and could not find a word to say. Was it true ? It was -evident that Bice at least believed so, and was not at all afraid to say it. This con versation took place, as has been Raid, in the picture gallery, where Lady Randolph and her young visitor had first found a ground of .amity. The rainy weather hod continued, and this place had gradually become the scene of a great deal of intercourse between the young mistreSB of the house and her guest. They scarcely spoke to each other in the evening. But in the morning after the fame of romps with' little Tom, by which lice indemnified herself for the absence of other society, Lucy would join the party, and after the child had, been carried off for ,hia midday sleep, the others left behind would have many a talk. To Lucy the revelations thus made were more wonderful than any romance—so wonderful that she did not half take in the strange life to which they gave a clue, nor realize how perfectly right was Bice's description of herself and her patroness. Tliey were vagabonds, as she said; and like other vagabonds, they got a great deal of pleasure out of their life. But to Lucy it seemed the most terrible that mind could con ceive. Without any home, without any retirement or quietness, with a noisy band always playing, and a series of migrations from one place to another—no work, no duties, nothing to represent home occupa tions but a piece of lapisserie. She put lier hand very tenderly upon Bice's shoulder. There had been prejudices in her mind against this fjirl—but they all melted away in a womanly pity. " Oh," she Baid, " cannot I help you in any way? Cannot Sir Tom?" But here she paused. " I am afraid," she. said, "that all we could think of would be an occupation for you; something to do, this wandering life. Bice looked at her for a moment with a doubtful air. " I don't know what you mean by occupation," she said. And this, to Lucy's discomfiture, she found to be true. Bice had no idea of occupation. Young Lady Randolph, who was heraelf not much instructed, made a conscientious effort at least to persuade the strange girl to read and improve her mind. But she flew off on all such occasions with a laugh that was half mocking and half merry. " To what good ?" she said, with that simplicity of cynicism which is a quality of extreme youth. " If I turn out beautiful, if I can marry whom I will, I will then get all I want without any trouble." " But if not ?" said Lucy, too careful of the other's feelings to express what her own opinions were on this subject. "If not, it will "be stall less good," said Bice, "for I Bhall never then do anything or be of auy importance at all, and why should I trouble," she said, with that rattle of the r's which was about the only sign that itng lisli was not her native speech. This was very distressing to Lucy, who wiehed the girl well, and altogether Lady Randolph was anxious to interfere on Bice's behalf, and put her on a more oomprehensible footing. " It will be very strange when you go among other people in London," she said, " Madame di Forno-Populo does not know England. People will want to know who you are. And if you were to be married, since you will talk of that," Lucy added, with a blush, " your name and who you are will have to be known. I will ask Sir Tom to talk to the ContesBa—or," she said with reluctance, " I will speak to her if you think she will listen to me. " T am called," said Bice, making a sweeping curtsey, and waving her hand as she darted suddenly away, leaving Lucy in much doubt and perplexity. Was she really called ? Lucy heard nothing but a faint sound in the distance, as of a low whistle. WaB this a signal between the strange pair who were not mother and daughter, nor iniBtress and servant, and yet were so linked together. It seemed to Lucy, with all her honest, English preju dices, that to train so young a girl (and a girl so fond of children, and, therefore, a good girl at bottom, whatever her little faults might be) to such a wandering life, and to put her up, as it were, to auction for whoever would bid highest, was too terrible to be thought of. Better a thousand timea'to be a governess, or a sempstress, or any honest occupation by which she could earn her own bread. But then to Bice any such expedient was out of the question. Her incredulous look of wonder ana inirth came back to Lucy with a sensation of dumb astonishment. She load no right feelings, no sense of the advan tages of independence, no horror of being sold in marriage. lady Randolph did not know what to think of a creature so utterly beyond all rules known to her. She was in such a condition of miud, unsettled, un hinged, feeling all her old landmarks break ing up, that a new interest was of great im portance to her.' It withdrew her thoughts from the Contessa, and the irksomeness of her sway, when, she,thought of Bice and what could be done for her. The strange thing wias that the girl* wanted nothing done for her. She was happy enough so far as could be seen. In her close confinement and sub jection she was so fearless and free that she might have been thought the mistress of the situation. It was incomprehensible alto-' gether. To state the circumstances from one side was to represent a victim of oppres sion. A poor girl stealing into a strange house and rooin in the shadow of her patroness; unnamed, unnoticed, made no more account of than the chair upon which she sat, held in a bondage which was almost slavery, and intended to be disposed of when the moment came without a reference to her own will and affections. Lucy felt her blood boil when she thought of all this, and determined that she would leave no expedient untried to free this white slave, tliis un fortunate thrall. But the other side was one which could not pass without consideration. The girl was careless and fearless and free, without an appearance of bondage about her. She scoffed at the thought of escaping, of somehow earning a personal independence— such was not for persons in her world, she said. She was horrified by her own probable fate. She was not unhappy, but amused and nd i interested in her life, and taking everything gaily, both the present quiet ana the tumult of the many "seasons in watering- places and other resorts of gaiety through which, young as she was, she had gone. She had looked at Lucy with a smile, which was half cynical, and altogether decisive, when the anxious young matron had pointed out to her the way of escaping from such a sale ami bargain. She did not want to escape. It seemed to be right and natural. She walked as lightly as a bird with this yoke upon her Bhoulders. Lucy had never met anything of thiB kind before, and it called forth a sort of panic in her mind. She did not know how to deal with it; hut neither would she give it up. She had something else to think upon when the Contessa lying hack on her sofa, almost going to sleep before Sir Tom entered, roubed herself on the moment to occupy and amuse" him all the evening. In ' id off : thinking of that and making herself unhappy Lucy looked the other way at Bicd reading a novel rapidly at the other side of the table, with all her young savage faculties about to see and hear everything. How to get her delivered from her fate! To make her feel that deliverance was necessary, to save her before she should be sacrificed, and take her out of her present slavery. It was very strange that it never occurred to Lucy to free the girl by making her one of the re cipients of the money she had to give away. She was very faithful to the letter of her father's will, snd he had excluded foreigners. But even that was not the reason. The reason was that it did not occur to her. She thought of every way of relieving the too contented thrall before her except that way. And in tne meantime the time wore on, and everything fell into a routine, and not a. word was said of the Contessa's plan's. It was evident, for the time being at least, that she meant to make no change, but was folly minded, notwithstanding the dulness of the country, to remain where she was. 