The Lover up a -Well, here's a situation, ,? vi ? For a young man in> a tree ; With a bull-dog standing undar, n' Looking lovingly at me 1 Treed I bv all the arts of Cnpid { . Like a possum, or a 'coon t What an aspeotfora lover,]. By the din) light of the uoMl . ? Oame to serenade my Joliai ' ...; Lightly olimbed the garden-wall: - Toiled my guitar 'neatnhe; iriaAoW| Yonder where & shadows falli ^ Got as far as " Sleep, my darling,*"*!.' When a deep base bow l wow I irtWr I Out of tune and time saluted me- . I bear its echo now. : " ' k And a snapping close behind me, ' Warned me a foe was near;' 801 beat a quick retreat .from there, And found a lodgment here ! I felt a'vomethiag tear ; i Let's see : yes, here's a rent behjnd 4 I know how it oame therel; i Plague take the oanine creature! ... Wagging his stiff bob-tail, As though he thought his narmlvs Would finally.prevail I But euoh dogmatic arguments ! Have no efyot on me, , . And euoh waggish illustration^,.; With my temper don't egiee,'',-. ^ . Yonder where the snowy curtain] . l.i, .. In the mellow moonlight shtnwij . ? Dnoonaeious ol my sad mishap, ;>..< My Julia dear nolines. . , I would not now for all the world, -. - That she should see me heta, i Dangling in this old Uaathus, - W ith a white flag in my teat I Oh I for a bit of strychnine, '' Or a poison of some sort I I'd stop the wagging of that tk&, ' And all this oanine sport;. f » 'Tib midnight, and I hope if now A ghost is on the Jog, He'll come this way and frigktan off This most pugnacious dog. If fairies in the moonlight dance, I trust some light oarouser .* Will come and ' play dog' for a whits With this infernal" Bowser I" The merry etarsseeiilaugfcing./ ;. H. In their plaoes up afar, But I am looking downward On a dangerons dog star. When Aotieon looked on Dian, With her naked nymphs around, The angry huntress changed the bold Intruder to a hound. Oh I for the power to change this dog Into a strapping fellow I I'd mount him in a minute, And turn his bark to bellow. Hark I what is that ?-an old torn cat Around the porch is crawling: Poor Tom i I've a fellow feline. For your sad caterwauling I Now Bowser hears him 1 see, he tunu l Seek I oatch him I bite him, Bowser I Confound the twig I Its fastened in The rent within my troVser I He's gone! and dog and oat are seen In mad and desperate ohase: 'Tie a very proper time, I think, For me to leave this plaoe.l 0 Julia I .sleep I sleep sound, my love I O do not wake just yet, To view the rent in my trowserloons, Made by your canine pet I , And if you never wake nntil My soft guitar you hear, You'll slumber till old Gabriel's horn Shall break your sleep, my dear I Ohi&ubood; shows Jthe man, as morning shows the day.-Milton. 