OUT OF THE FIRE.' BR HKNBY KJCNDALL. Hb vu young when lie entered that sphere, Where the pleasures of sin are attained; And a dovil camo close to his car, And whispered, and tempted, and gained. ' On the world with the eyes of a child He looked. It was little he knew; And the sharks who were alter him smiled With joy at the plunder in view. By chanoe he was suddenly placed Where life is a fever-a flame, And plausible rascals made haste To rob him, and bring him to shame. From green quiet forest-lauds hurled Into city, he needed a guido; But he hadn't a friend iu the world,I To thrust tho black tempter asido. ne had money-a fortuno indeed: But money meant rain to him, For he followed a blood-sucking breed Into dens of iniquity-dim. At tables of cards and of dice, Be waited his means; and he know But the glare and the glamour of Vice In njgfrta full of glittering dew. Ahl often he lingered in toars, White morning walked over the sea, And of the beautiful years, When his mates were tho torrent and tree. But ever Achitopbel stood, With shining Aholah between The spirits of evil and good; And the past became brightness unseen. One day when the drink smothered thought, He met with a sharper named Holt; And, maudlin and muddled, he bought A big, but an ill-looking colt. But a stable-lad whispered, " Depend On my word, there is stuff in Tho Scud; He will win a great race in the ond; But Holt doesn't know he has blood." In a moment of trouble supreme, When worried by creditors coareo, Hope flashed on his heart like a Loam Hs thought of the boy and tho horse. And full of fine purpose, he said " Iwill cast the foul devil away, And Jead the white life that I led ?71 * 1*8^1 °' the happy old day." 7 1 ,? morning he spoke to the youth; And the boy rubbed his hands in his glee, And said-With his eyes full of truth "Just leave him, my master, with me! Tha ooltmost come out at his best; And when saddle and rider are up, He will make the fast Star of the West, And the rest of them, move for ' The Cup.'' The Cup was the race of tho year, And twenty grand horses were in. "The 8oud, cried the "toute" with a sneer, 11 Is sure to be last in the4 spin.'" But owner worked hard with tno ladJ And pale was the sufforor's face: The chance was tho last that ho had He had hazarded all on the race. , The day of the mooting was dprk 1' With bitter wild wina-driven rain 41 The Star has come fit to the mark," Said the mob, " and ho'll win it Again I" The betting was brisk, whon tho horse Of the season camo out of Ills stall, ? . A dozen were backed on tho course, But The Scud wasn't montiouod at all. Tho flag foil away in a roar, And tho twenty wont off in a pack; Bat soon there was seen to the fore, The snare with tho purple and black. By Barker's she quickcnod the pace With a feather-weight close at hor side; "In the . straight, she'll bo out of tbo race," A cluster of knowing ono'e mod. At the turn of tho track, on tho grey Young Jones took tbo running in hand ; But ho " died" at tho Corner away, And Pyramua led by the Stand. But out by the back of the courso, The blood, unaocustmned to yield The Star-tho invinciblo horse Ban up and showed heola to the " field." But the maro by OlympuB, front Jane, Camo on with a rush by the gato; And tlio Scud dnshod along in tlic rain, Aj)d wfls Jockcd with tho Star in the straight, A thunder of cheers from afur, Mot tho threo coming smothered with mud "Tho filly-tho filly-tho Star ! The chestnut-tlio tilly-the Scud !" With tho Star on liis girth in tho sludge, Tho Scud undor whip at tho post, Went flashing by Stand and by Judge, With a hoy on him whiter than ghost. Yea, there, amid clamour and cheer, The colt, full of couragc and strength, Fulled off tho great race of tho year, From tlio " crack," by the half of a length And there, on that prominent day, The owner fell back at tho last, And shivered and fainted away-. Ho had suffered so much in tho Past. The strain had been heavy indeed, And tho world for somo moments soemod dim; But past was tho season of need The Scud had won thousands for him. * Suggostod by a chapter in Long OiLUt by tbo late Marcus Clarke. 