^?^??/??'Sfb»:Tjixi':.:'- ' \- SPORTING NOTES The! settling pver the late A.J.O. Spring, Meeting took, place on,; Monday. The total stakes paid over amounted: to £5795. ; The principal winners were Mr. Jno. Muridy, £987 ; Mr. J. P. Jost,,£9l5; mr. J. mayo, *ov» ; ? axr. jei. .?.a-eys,. £428 ;' Mr. E.De Mestre, £418 ; Mr. 0. J. Roberts, £281 ; Mr. J. Alaopp, £281 ; Mr. j; Monaghan, £200. .., , First Water was scratched for the Caul field!Oup on Monday. . ,, .'?':. The aebretary of the Yictoria Amateur Turf Club ?pa'. Monday received entries for the raceB .to' be run at the March and October meetings, 1884. The entries number .45 for the Criterion. Stakes, 101 for the'Great Foal Stakes, and 61 for the Caulfield Guineas.. Ayorjjr valuable consignment of thorough bred1 horses was shipped on Sunday, 9th inBtantj.by the Flinders for Melbourne. The horse* are ten in number, and are in charge of H. . Tibbals, well known la Tas of the horses are the property of Mm. W. Brown, of Longford, namely , Lady Beatrice,' by Angler— Southern Cross's dam,! engaged in the V.R.'O. Derby, etc. ; Maid of Longford, engaged in V.R.p. Oaks, etc. ;.two-year-old colt by Napoleon, — Qiieen Mary ; two-year-old filly, a Nappkon— -Southern Cross's dam ; two year-old filly, Ambassador— Archie's dam ; two-year-old ' 'filly, Napolean— Jessie ; two-year-old 'colt, Napoleon— Young Impudence. There are also two horses ' the'/ property of, Mr. vilWy Field,' and-they will! lalso be trained by Tibbals— a. four-year-old gelding by St. AlDans— -Muriel, . and a three-year-old colt, St. Alb'ans-^-Ida. The other horse is a yearmig ureu ui- xvicumonu jrarjc, ana is by Napoleon— Talkative, who was the dam of Aspen, the double Newmarket ?winner. The colt has been purchased by Mr. Whittsngham, of Victoria, who yearly takes the produce of Talkative. Tho other' nine horses will be trained in ??v. Victoria for their. V.R.C Spring and other, engagements at Mr. Brown's Wonga station.. I described the horses, some' .little time back in an article whioh . ap pearedin these. columns headed ' A Visit. to Richmond Park!' ; ,,,; '?'. Thebest offer about the Oaulfield ? Cup is 100 to 3, but little business has been done,;as 'the ' weights are ; iiot . yet , put,; IIT-Ina' 'Viaf far Trnhwn +.f» I1R an'Rnornf._ Iiumi. however,' been backed at this price for a trifle. 'The )iooks offer 500 to 1' the two Cupa.' ''.''' The general settling over the A.J.O. Meeting took place at ., TattersaH's on Monday, ...and passed off , satisfactorily. Although the backers had all the worst of it theyi Bhpwed up promptly. The fpilpwing are the ruling prices for the Derby :—T, to 4 agst Arohie, ,4-to'l. agat Off i .0,0 lour, % , i to 1 agst , Martinir : Honry^lO'to 20 to! I aget the others! . i The adjourned annual meeting of the ' ?Carrick Racing 'Club will be- held''bn'! Tuesday next, when I, hope' there will be a good! [muster.' of 'members, as the busi ness is important. ?:? An attempt will be made ' to .'have the distance reduced for the : Carrick , ? Plate, but I trust that Messrs. Reibey, Symmons, Dent, Blair, iM'Baini: and others will Btick close to 'their guns. ' The Oarriok Plate has been the chief. .feature of the programme since it's revival} and it will be a great pity if : the- 'distance is reduced. The race was revived .in order to encourage the breed ing: ofuj horses,.; ? and why, then, to suit:', the whim of anyone, should the : [distance' be reduced? I: think ?it a :great:credit;to; the , Carrick Club to .have such^arace in the [programme, and at the same-; time a standing disgrace to 4-Ua rTi.'D.n .MnJ^rn.rn r\ ?\L\in±.. i.t,__; v.»»A hot !'a flat face over. If jnilei handicap or' .weightrfor-agei irii.their programme/ '-' All 'honour,ithen, to.'Oarrick, andil hope to .see ?Hobarf,-: Sheet Anchor, 'Anchorite,' !0aramut,f Meteor, Iona, i and others, fight out- the Carrick Plato of two i miles and 'a distance neirt December. ' 'We -have too many] short distance rases in: ! our pro grammes already, and: we want to breed ?horses -to-be somethibg more than, to use .phrase of i the ; - late Lord - Derby, ' in- 1 atruments of gaming.'' ' ?'; -.1 : 'j- '?'.?-. 1 The ? weights for the Southern Hunt: Club are due thi8ieveniisg:at'Both.well,: but I; think it quite possible 'that* the; 'stewards, as the Campbell' Town ? Steeple chase . meeting ? has been' postponed, will postpone the: declaration of-: weight's until after, the Campbell 'Town meeting. If they do not they are very, foolish. ??? -? ?i: Nominations for the Colebrook meeting-' ? close on 28th instant. ?..?'?' : : ; ' ??! jOn account of the downpour of Wed nesday, ;the; Campbell Town Steeplechase; meeting had to be postponed, as the course wasi not fit/to race. over.: The stewards' met, and. accordingly decided to postpone the meeting .- until Wednesday week, September 26. This was' a great disappointment, but.it was the best course that' could be adopted' under the circum stances; It would have been a farce, and highly dangerous as well, to have allowed the race to take place yesterday.; : Cruiser seeps, to lhave met with some accident, aB it was generally understood in - well-informed circles that he was a Btatter. ' However, the hon. secretary received a telegram to scratoli him. - The horse. has,; I notice, been also scratched for the Ballarat Meeting. Oastlereagh, too, has met with some mishap in training, and at present is a doubtful starter. There would have been thirteen Btarters if the ground had been all right yester day, and, bar accidents-, there is every hope of seeing a dozen at the post. That unfortunate horse Westbury haa been scratohed for Campbell Town Maiden Steeplechase; (However, I trust that he ?will carry the Beaufort blue and white hoops of hisUownorJto victory- during the season. ', ' . '., ' i ? ?? ?; ; ?? .- ' Forester is now first favourite for' the Campbell Town Grand National at 3 to 1, ? and 5 to, 1 is offered, bar one.' Kanaka came into market on Thursday, and was backed at: 5 toL All- beta prior to the postponement are off. ' : ; Kearney's horses at-Campbell Town are looking well, I am told, and the harshly bridled (?) Kanaka Is said to be very well. If so, with firm /going, he must take a lot of beating on Wednesday week. Tho two-year Marshal Ney has, I hear, grown a good deal. ' On Thursday last at Campbell Town Show sale Caledonian, «, three-old by Horatio, out- of Oduntess, the dam of Forester' and Rocket, was purchased by Mr. David Taylor for £150. On the; same day Mr. G. E. Davies purchased the; yearling Hcolfc by Torchlight, out: of .Promenade by Panic, but of . imported Esplanadej for £161 ; From his: breeding alone, the colt' should be. worth a great 'deal more; :?'.»? ?:?:'.??: : ?:,.-.? -';:'.-- ?'' ??' '?' Joseph Powell has determined to travel ?that idisappointing horse OC, who is by Panic, out of Heater Grazebrodk.' Joseph will' also have another sire Rocket, by Arab Rocket, ;out of Oountesa. . ..'' . A: annrf.irny.Tnat.p.li 'fiaTnfi nflfat 'Rfttliwftil lately Mr. NiP. Allison, Jwho loves a bit of aport, as he did over a quarter of a century ago when his horse' Charlie Parker ; won the I Campbell ;Town Grand National, matched his crack Thunderbolt against Mr. | .North's Linda, a local celebrity, when Mr. Allison's representative scored an easy .victory. ' -: ;? ;! ? The Assyrian was ! at'- the Campbell To wq Show,: and looked: healthy and well. I was glad ' to hear that the son of Oouptryman has every prospect of an ex valuable stock; riot weeds. Follow the winning nick, and with the Countrymen sweeping the boards in South : Australia, and |all' horses out of Tinfinder by different sirea 'winning; races, The Assyrian is' worth patronising.. : ; ? ? '? In another column will be found the was run-last Wednesday, and was won by Ossian, and by the latest dates an out sider. - At Accot Galliard gave him nearly a stone and a beating in the Prince of Wales Stakes.. Galliard, if he Btarted, did not gain a place. : The Leger is the first classic race won by the Duke ; of Hamilton, who ha» now been racing 17 or 18 yiars;i Ossian is by' Salvator but of Music,. Stockwell — One Act, lAnnandale— Extravaganza ? Salvator,' who won i the .' ..., I ?:,. ',., .??.,:.r . , ..,, . . ?? : ? Grand Prize of Paris of 1875, and would have won the Leger also only he gave way in training, is by' Dollar, and out of an Ion mare. This is the second year in succession the Lager haa been won by a descendant of Lord Eglinton's crack. Dutch Oven is,' by Dutoh Skater,' a son of Frying Dutchman. . The following are the latest prices for the Melbourne Cup : — 10 to 1 agst First Demon, 14 to 1 agst Despot, 15 to 1 agst Le Grand, 20 to 1 aget First Water, 20 to 1 , agst Nicholas, 20 to 1 agst Aidede Oamp, 20 to 50 to 1 ag»t the others. . | The colt by St. Albans' out of Ida, be longing to Mr. W. Field and trained by Tibb'als, has bberi named Rambler. ' I hav.eheard old racegoers talk of 4 Ram bler, owhod by theMessra. Field who was a.great ,pra'ok thirty! or forty years ago. It was this Rambler who won that cele 'brated Town Plate on ( .the , Launcestbn '.Cricket 'i: ..Ground,' after ':' a ' great. ' strugglp with Vanish, who broke down., The! 'Rambler '.alluded, ' to1 was by '?Wanderer, 'out, of1 'a Skeleton'1 mare; ,and though, rib .'doubt, he, was a good horse, T shall , be very much disappointed if '' the' present Rambler does 'not make a name for himself top. He is a. grandly-shaped animal and ia! bred the.right way, as ho w by ! St. -Albahs out of Ida by Castle Hill but* of Bella's dam.: f .'! , . '', : Taxaraxacum, who owes his name to the' bad spelling of Bomebody, ia weighted at! 13st for the Adelaide Grand National ;Huht Steeplechase. The lowest weight ia ten stone. If Taxaraxacum is weighted at 13st I '' wonder, what weight Kanaka Ing takes place on October 6. .' This; is an interesting calculation' for those in diyiduals who assume they know every thing. ,.,',. ., ? .'.''.. The tworyear-old filly by Ambassador, but of 'Archie's dam, . has been named Queen of the Park. , ' ' : ?''' The Adelaide tnrf scribe, 'Trumpator' says :— 'Six of the Morphettville mares had fpaled when I visited the 'establish ment on August 28. The ' first Darri well' was pointed out in a splendid little bay colt, and doubtlesi Mr. Dakin looks, forward to the time when.' he will be training the sons and daughters .of his old favourite. All the horses in work— with the exception ' of Conjecture, who looks light — are doing famously, and with luck the tartan jacket, will be as dangerous as everthis season. ? , ' The !well:known racehorse Sunset, by Hawthoinden from Sunrise; and. the property of Mr. R. G. Talb.ot, of this. col(Dny,',has been sold to ' Mr. Rowen, of New South Wales, for stud purposes. Since the horse went back to Victoria .he has been under the care of T. Wilson, at . Ballarat. The last race that Sunset ran in Tasmania was the Flying Stakes, at Brighton, 1882, when he defeated Meander by a head for premier position. AU UUU1 Ul BU H1- , LVKAOXf XJ O 11MU UaiLClX part in another, fine finish for the Brighton Plate, when he was half a length behind Meander, who was beaten a head for first place. The horse wasj-idden by young White, who a few weeks afterwards met withhis death while riding a race in Vic toria. Sunset has run several times since lie has been in Wilson's stable, but Wilson/ olever trainer that he is, has done no more with him than Mailler did in this colony. ' The other morning, says 'Stirling,' the well-known Melbourne sporting writer, found me a visitor to the steam ship Newcbmen, in which Mr. Edward Week* was then actively engaged in ship ping one of the best consignments of thoroughbred horses that has ever left our, shores. Among them I noted The Ghost, Mistaken, Belladrum, Red Rover, Bismarck, Arbutus, Glory,' Cavalier, Blue Bell, Eulo, Glen Osmond,. Othello, DeloB, Dictator, Kanaka, Cavalier, Light foot, ' Tdpman, Boatman, Nigger, .Tam bourine, Little Dick, Beaufort, Van Troirip, Gipsy King, Moyhu, Mariner, and that wonderful pony Teddy j be sides other horses by crack sires. The well-known horseman Everett, ';, better knpwn as Fordham, and that very capable trainer Alick Clarke, accompany Mi\ Weeks on this trip. ? ' ' Mr. Love's fillv Helerie. sister to The. , Assyrian, has been backed at thou sands to eighty 'for the Maribyrnong Plate, and tens to one are now wanted. Altogether £1649 in stakes were paid over at the S.A.J.A. Spring. {Meeting;. The| Derby won by Dirk Hatteraick was worth £295, and was the most valuable, stake of the meeting. Countryman was the most successful sire, as his stuck: won nearly.a third of the amount paid over. During the Rand wick week,' Mr. M: J acobs, the Victorian bookmaker, pur chased the grey horse, Schemer, for 100 guineas, and Mr. J. Mondy secured the chestnut Ascot for £300. This last pur chase was made 'the day prior to the Metropolitan being run for, and had First Demon scored a win on that race, an ad ditional sum had to be handed over to Messrs. G. Matthews and Son for their speedy son of Kelpie and The Thorn. The Gem was bred by Mr. Frank ?Reynolds, of Tocal, and is by Kelpie from Ida (the dam of The Pearl, winner of the Melbourne Cup in 1871, The Spy, winner of the Homebush Cup, arid The Arrpwy winner ;of; Tattersall's ' Cup in 1875), by Vanguard from To, by Sir Hercules from Flora : M'lvor, by ;Rous; Emigrant, etc. The Gem, like many other winners, is closely related; to the thproughbred ' sire Manuka, now in this colony, as Id, his darn, and Waimea, the dam of Manuka,are full sisters. At the last annual sale of the Grange yearlings, which took' place in November -laat (says a Brisbane paper), Mr. Andrew Gordpn purchased seven of the best, one being own sister to Le Grand. Unfortu nately for the turf, Mr. Gordon is not a racing man, and consequently the two year-old daughters of Legend, Lilla, Ada, and others, will not , have a chance of distinguishing themselves on any race course. They have been! turned out on Mr. 'Gordon's station, Oreti, Gladstone district. . ? , It sooms to have Veen a close thing about The Gem starting for the Metropolitan. B^ia' owner apparently could iipt hu.y« had much 'opinion about his chance, aa the horse was entered for the. Selling, Raco on the same day.' , ', MartindaleJ' says :— ? , .'lAmongst the starters was The Gem, and very few in the race were in. better form. However, he had been going so badly in !his work since his arrival in. ,the ' metro polis, it was very doubtful, Wether he would start, and his owner said as much the day prior to1 the race. He, eventually, however, decided1 upon letting him go, and thinking, it' would be terrible if he .should happen ' to win, ' and not have 'backed.. him, he took £2000, at a! good price about the reisult, arid thanks to the splendid judgment and riding of M'Grade the'mpriey was landed. This bay son of Kelpie and Ida possesses one great run, arid M'Grade just timedhim to a nicety, and landed the prize by half a head from First Demon, upon whom «ome think Nicholson would have done better had he not come so Boon. Perhaps it may be so, still I am somewhat of an opinion that he could not help .himself when Gloucester collapsed' so suddenly at the turn, and lie had' to come on, while it is just on the cards that had M'Grade made his run a few yards sooner or later,'. First Demon would have landed the : much-coveted double.'! 