TRUE GHOST -STORIES. The two gh'orit elories tuld (-ny the London " ' oorreflpoodeut of the Liverpool Mercuiy) by our ( f Tr\o«t emi"riebt anatomist are iib romnntio in their way as any told by the Psychological Society. . When hardly more than a lad at Lancaster, the ' future defender of vivisection woe studyinu for the mvuivni pa l>< V0QIU II , HQ ilttU U lititlUl Ul I1IC ddtails of the business, which ho imagined ho ' Oould' never overcome. Ho waB cured, strange to say, by a fright. Having to take some medi- o:ne on. a windy night to LnncnBtor CnBtle, he ' had to pass through the room in which he had taken part in dissections. Juat as ho entered tho room with the basket of medicine under his arm, the clouds which hid. tho moon suddenly partod, . a door, slammed, and looking up, the future biolo gist saw what he thought wbb an enormous figure in white, with arms outstretched, looking down upon him. He turned around trembling, nnd against the, wall opposite stood nnother figure in white. He dropped his basket and ran. The prtients in Lancaster Oastle got no medicine that night, But when he returned next day and '/found that .he had boon frightoued by mortuary ! (heels, he braced his nerves up eo that he was 8 ion collecting skulls. He mude a fino set, but '.f >r' along time he could uot get an E'hiopian ahull. At last a negro died in Lancaster Caslle, . arid the young doctor got permission to have his ; h)ad. It was again a windy night when the operation of removing the head was determined .-upon: But habited in his long cloak, then the fiahion, and provided with a blue bag, the com- operative anatomist soon had the' head safely -.atowed away. As ho left the room in which the coffin lay, however, the wind slammed the door, caught his cloak, and nearly throw liiin upon his face. Attempting to recover himself, ho lost his ho.ld of the bag, the head fell out, rolled with increasing velocity down a flight of steps, across a icoartyard, and settled itself upon the nock, With oris eye open, and the other shut, in a ruom where two' women shrieked. Tho professor, rnshed wildly after it, took no uotice of the women, 'seized the skull, put it in his bag again, and ran from the Castle. Four or five yours uf- tirwards he was attending a dying woman, who 'called loudly for a clergyman, to whom alio had something to tell. The doctor begged her to toll '.him," as no clergyman was near enough to bo .qalled in time. At length she spoke. " Oh, sir, Iliad a husband, who was a negro, and, 1 fear, a bad man. He died, sir, in LuncuBter Oastle ; and, oh ! sir, I was standing oue day in the rooms when my husbaud's head came out of the floor, and seemed to ask me to help him. And then, sir, the devil came through tho door, snatched up the head, put it in a bag, and dis appeared before I could do anything. Aud I have never done anything. Oh, sir, what can I do for my poor husband's soul 1" An Extensive Bed.— Commend me to Indian .princes for the truly magnificent way in which they givo effect to their sumptuous ideas of life. One of these Oriental magnates has just had a bedstead made to his order iu 1'aris, at the cost of £2500.' That, to be sure, seems a prodigious sum for a bedBtead ; but there are bedsteads and bed steads, and this particular bedstead certainly merits the distinction of being regarded as a marvel of workmanship. It is of satin- wood, with large plates of silver repousse work, and it is bcautifnlly carved; therirms of the llnjah ofconrse adorning the bead of the bedstead, so that there may be no mistake what ever as to the identity of its luxurious proprietor. At the four corners are four statutes, representing young girls of Greek. Spanish, Italian, and French nationality ; whose only ornament is a gold snake- bracelet entwined round the wrist, which holds the fan they are waving over the sleeper. The eyes i f these figures, moreover, are ingeniously contrived so as to move with natural expression, and that nothing may bo wanting to complete the realism of . the seductive scene, the four guardians of the bed stead are|severallyprovided|witb wings in four shades of colour, supposed to he typical of each nation. There iB a strong flavour of tho 'Arabian Nights' about all these singular details ; but I have not yet exhausted my theme. The mattre-8 lias been fitted up aB a musical box, bo that immediately upon, any one seeking repose upon it, it plays a series of tunes selected from Gounod's operas I Verily the. Rajah is a man of original genius, and may he find his reward. — Life. .Liohthouse Terboks.— If those on shore are awed by. the terrible violence of the wind and waves during a tempest, what must be the experiences of men who live in a building exposed to the full fury of the heavy ocean .breakers i When we look at a lighthonse, in calm weather, it is almost impossible tq realize that the sea sometimes breaks over the lantern... Snch ie, however, frequeotly the case, and an instance of this occurred not lung after the completion of the Bishop's Rock Light, which is erected on a rock beyond tho Scilly Islands, far out in the Atlantic. Ono of the builders told of a heavy sea striking under the lantern and carrying away the fog- bell, which hung by a stout arm of iron nearly three inches square. A few years ago the lighthonse keepers on tbis rock were iu a terrible predicamont. during a hurricane, tho violeuce of which was ; described as beiDg something fearful. The ( lighthonse was 6truck by enormous wares in quick .succession, each causing a noise like the discharge of a cannon, and making tho massive Btone building rook to and fro, so that cvory article fell away from it place. One fearful sea broke the great lens in several places, and another sinushed the cylinders of the spare light, while sand from the bottom,, thirty fathoms deep, was found heaped \\.- on' the lighthouse gallery. The power of those unbroken masses of water is so great that lately, at/VViok, one of these shocks moved "aeoueruto block. of four hundred tous built up iu situ." 