THE SIMTLETON. { To COnBaEsPON(DENTS., : " Triveller'The ticketwindow is supposed tbo be'open a " reasonablo time " before the departure of a train. This might mean say five minutes during the quiet portions of the'-day,'and' double that time during the busy periods. :Craftsman '-You can affiliatewith a lodge t w' corkiig ulder the English Conistitutions . ?X1000 "I Quit just. ' 'Look'after yourowlwd rights in the matter.. You appear to have a good deml 'of' confidence in the Chief Secretary, I hope it will not be c "Amy --I have looked up the subject, and give you the following extract from The History aundPoetry of' Pinger Rings, which explains why the wedding ring is placed on the fourth finger : " In the b ancient ritual of English marriages, the r i.i r wadg ?si phiced byjthi huibaidI on tlihe top of the thumb of the lc[t hand,'with the words.' In.the name of the Father;' SHe thlen remoeind 'it:to thel foiefinger, a saying,- 'In the-nam of thI Son`;' then to the middle finer, adding-' And of thstFlolyiGhost';'fi'nallylh'lolift itas a now, on the fourth finger, with the closing. word ' Amen'. ., AccORDING to the Evenin Star', the GeelongiHospital is la:'" perpetuali gen- a orator of disturbances." But a short t' dimeo ago, a quarrel, between two pa- a tients formed the subject of an enquiry, . ~ngry dispute between the Resident ii Surgeon and the Head Nurse. The latterit appears expressed indignation o in respect to some orders given by the I doctor, when that official became so a wrath thstaiioring tpo the Star, "he 1 imprudently used profane language." ' .Hufii! s?Nice :prsoi :.:that '.doctoi, z.P 1 should say. Admirably suited for a V public institution.--Certainly it would a be bettor if he exercised a little more st " prudente."t'whn Ii iWel 'ikhe ver- p hal rampage. I don't say a word against fi abstract profanity, io 'more does the 'i Starwbut- wedrawlthenline attheimpran y tent u'sage of strong auxilaries. ' It will" 'n be observed that the, committee, of the a' hospital censured the nurse for dis- ti obedience of her- superior (1) officer's tl orders, while the doctor was told that l its language was "such as any respec- p table man should not use to any res 'I pectable woman." This is' really inm- i vigorating. It will be noticed that the q propriety or impropriety of'te-l'anguage ti hingesentirelyontherespectabilityofthe i parties concerned.,3'ldd the nurse not b been'a respectable woman, I suppose i the ultra-expressive-.physician could B scarcely beheld blameable. This gives f rise to an.interesting question naturally t, nggesteal ei i h 'e"fact that this hard- t miouthed doctor has the control.of , hospitah OfcoUrse I `dont mean'to say that the thing reallyoccurs, sir,,but c ou must admit th-er' isijust i?s~Cii ote t probability that sometimes hospital pa- s' tients might not doine.up tt that some- r what indefinite stan^dard which is on- I derstood in the worchrespectable. TUn- r der such dircumstances, our doctor a Wight go inlnemons. The whole thing a is rather puzzling to my simple mind, n therefore I'll drop the subject before it p gets any more mixed-than-the efforts of t the Evening Star have already made it. '1 Business people are making very p natural complaints,with; regard to-the e frequency' of 'lgovernment and" lbank t hlolidays. Last Monday no one thought t of holding holidafi;jcejitithbse who are b fortunate enough to be employed either a by the state dr' a. bankling establishment, a and the result was general inconvenience c to all biisinmess pleople. I doint'tbelieve d inuthese."for'al holidays, arid'it is' saf ' to'assjuiite flt public"dpinion'is enitirely t opposed to them.' Mark ydu;'ir, iii' 'v the last man in the world to contend for e perpetuail "'graft:""' OccasionaI:relaxa- o tions'are"absolute necessities `to health' 'v and'&~ ifdrt, beit we dbon't?:iantto li 'p t?o rough on our Sunday clotlie;'iu'nd'll o really, though we're a prosperous com- r muiriityi?d all that, yetrbless imy 'heart a we can't afford.oo be alwaysne!nicilng. 'f '~Toffee for breakfast, toffee for dinner, I toffee for tea"-humi-rather much ¶I tbffee. r I It's wonde`fil h'i'a'pt !sbm'on f our colonial boys are at-hem, well say, mol''ant u bthmg-b'ut their 'prayeii. ' ( tvelled o :Ballarat-;itli:ia ice'o yth' V ther''oth'efi dyi nuiet "and" ieally 'un! sophisticated:: :The niodett sidmplicity a of his enquiries respecting this, that, v ahd the other little- thing, quite won a mty heart. I do so like a colonial f whose mansiner possesse'-e some little I dflidence. In the desert of hard cheek v the exceptionable nidoest yodnth coimes a like an oasis, refreshing and exhilirating. c As I said, I: varmed towards the t idnocence' of my fello~e triveller' and p when he produced a' new pack of cards fiom his pocket and naively asked me to teach him some game "just to pass I away the time,"-he: explained, I felt c that I was bound to gratify so excellent i young man and so modest a gum- r sucker. I choose ecarte, and after with c great, ifldlc u tf gettig throuli ew 's gsines, my pupil,. whose, gratitude was unboundel, inndscntly a;sked "Is this 1 game not sometimes played for shillings c o half- crownst' "Ohi,y~es," I replied, e "cearle is very popular at shilling or half- crown stakes." . '. ' ..', I' omit- further 'det ils. 'That boifs' confoiinded:innoceite ?st: o d ''£3 12s ' 6d, and mnark y'oun,- ir, I taught hiin I the game-so he said: '-'- ' _ 1' A friend of mine made a trip to" Sydney recently, and not being a mem- ' ber of Parliament, and'thereby entitled I to travel free oni the railwiay; hlie .srente' i by water.. According to myy fiiend's experince,:there are perils on the sea which' travellers may often overlook, add for fear one particular danger might be lost sight of by any of my readers i who intend trusting themselves to the 'good graces of Neptune, I feel it is imy duty to point it out, and to instance my travelled .friend as the: inevitable' " frightful example." It appears:that I he did not get a; berth secured in the i steamer befoiehand, as all sensible meh should do, and it.likewise appears that the saloon lounges ;being also occnpied to' his exclusion, he had to content him self with.a lbed on the floor. This Was bhad enough, but when:old Neptdinei began to play tricks on the internals of. the man who occupied the cushion directly above, and-my friend's left ear b mcame the receptacle for whtisansually pqtm.intola buckest and irown over-, bdaxd, you can imagine the comfort:of the position>. Moral.' Ifyou go to sea;, don't sleep knywhere e uider a man wo ,suers frbm mbal de amer.. I How sadly misplaced.at times, is human confidenoel- Now, I.sent my better-half to Dr. Simms' lecture the other evening, .in.. the hope that she wbuld learn ,souiething which might increase her respect for her husband. U!Infortunately for me, the learned d4ctor was most confoundedly full of Ssuggestions:on the ocasion, and mnow the old lady wants nothingle~a than's go strong-horne to iide out upon, and ddvelope her menlug,-.Itjisat.ocurs to m'e that Dr. Simms "should be 'a little more careful in' his augetios. il ow, I'ms'siidrd a ~bing.btiad' must be'a Sgrandthingto oring outntffscle,"and'it has the advantage ,of being- within the reach of all." 'Why'boldi~s'lth'edoctor, have inidicated spisthing6f that Sintea!. of, puati t-'hsis;' notios iso Speoplde'shseds.'usNmore6fm 1 -for physiological lectures. s. 