OF HIGH DEGREE. CHAPTER XXI1L SPOKEN AT LAST. She had seen them coming towards the house, and knew that he would be in the room in a moment. Yet he was there beside her before she thought he could have had time to reach the hall door. LPs hand was on her shoulder— the blood was tingling in her cheeks, and throbbing in her brain, making her giddy. She was trembling, and yet she was warm ; she was delirious, and yet his touch soothed her. He was going to speak—instinct told her what he was going to say, and she was half afraid to hear it now that it was on his tongue. " I have been very blind, Dahlia. . . . You have been with me through this time of bitterest trial, and have been my best comforter. That makes you dear to me aa no other woman ever can be now." She clasped his hand, and her head rested on his arm. She could not speak. " We are fellow-sufferers, and I have been unawares the cause of much pain to you. Do you think you can forgive that in looking forward to the years I shall devote to the endeavour to make you happy ?" A long sweet pause, and then she with her eyes closed as if fearful that the ecstacy which was thrilling through her would suddenly change to pain if she dared to look up, or move, or breathe, said softly— " Yes." Then he stooped and kissed her. That was all. No need of explanation between them. Everything was understood, and she lay in his arms—his betrothed wife. Neither quite realized the position yet; but both felt happy; he because he experienced that most delicious of all sensations—the knowledge that he had been able to bring - sunshine into one sad life; she because she loved him passionately, and knew that he was now all her own—hes own more completely than he could have been in her jealous eyes if she had won him whilst Ruth lived. Suddenly she opened her eyes, and with a scared look cried— " Oh, Stephen, I have been so wicked!" "Hush," he said gently, "we have forgotten all that. We shut our eyes upon the past, and we two join hands to go out into the great future in quest of the treasure happiness." " Shall we find it, do you think ?" " Some say that it is never found in this world; others that we can only get glimpses of it. Some again cry out that they possess it; others that they have never known it and never hope to know it. The wiser people say that happiness, like water, has one level, and everybody has an equal share." " I am very happy," she said, closing her eyes again as if to realize it the better. " 1 too am happy since you are so." Another pause once more broken suddenly by her. " And now you know what was the matter with me that time you asked me, and you knowwhy I could not answer. I love you, and was miserable because I could not comfort you enough." " But, indeed, you did comfort me, Dahlia; and I have been always grateful to you." " Aye, grateful, but—there I musn't speak of that. But we are to forget the past—aM the past, and some day you will perhaps— there again," she cried, laughing at her own joyous forgetfulness, " how greedy lam. You will be angry with roe, and be wearied with me, because I ^will be so eager to have all your life as part of mine." "And it shall be all yours now." The news went through the household as if there had been a telephone at everybody's ear, and it sped almost as fast throughout the district—Stephen Meredith and Dahlia Whitcombe were to be married in June. " A good catch for him," said the gossips, " and she has a tidy fortune, too. He is a lucky fellow, young Meredith. I always knew it would be a match." The Derewood girls were in ecstasies, and immediately overhead in the agreeable troubles of dressmaking and millinery. Jim shrugged his shoulders, and would have nothing to say in the matter further than— " I thought Steve was in for it, poor chap. Well, she's a good sort." And that was a great admission for him to make. Both Stephen and Dahlia agreed that the wedding should be entirely private, and, much to the chagrin of Juliet and Constance especially, it was settled that there should be no guests except Mr. Bassnett and Mr. Rapier, who were both in a manner representatives of Dahlia's adopted father, the still absent Mr. Dottridge. The latter had left full directions regarding settlements, so that Stephen was spared the necessity of having to interfere in regard to them. One-half the lady's fortune was secured to herself and children—if any; the other half was left free for joint use of "husband and wife. Dahlia was very busy, but what appeared remarkable to every one was that she showed scarcely any interest in that most important item of a woman's career, the bridal _ dress. She insisted that it should be quite plain, and that was all Bhe cared about it. Her private thought was that she would like Stephen to feel from the beginning that although she bad been fond of dress she had, in that respect as in others, greatly changed. He was pleased, for he did like simple and plain attire for women as well as men. Ruth was the model always in his mind's eye for dress and everything else. Perhaps Dahlia remembered that, for she was most anxious to please him. A bright sunny div in June, and the little party drove quietly to the church. The old vicar, Mr. Arnold, officiated. But quiet as they wished to be, there was a crowd of people from the town and the surrounding hamlets to watch the bridal party, and the children of the labourers on the Derewood farms strewed flowers along the bride's path. At last the words which made them one were spoken—nothing could part them now. The crowd cheered as they passed from the church to the carriages and as they drove away, On reaching Derewood Grange Mr. Bassnett, wto was quite juvenile in his festive attire and in the sunshine, offered formal congratulations to the bride and bridegroom in the name of Mr. Dottridge. "Although we know nothing about where he is," said Bassnett, " his arrangements are so marvellously complete that he had even prepared for this event. I have the greatest pleasure in handing you this bit of good news, Meredith, on this joyful occasion." Stephen opened the letter which was handed to him, and found that it was a formal intimation from Bassnett that all the mortgages held by Mr. Dottridge over the estates of Derewood Grange were cancelled. This was good news indeed. By one stroke of the pen his cousin had made him an independent man. " But how can I accept this from him ?" he exclaimed in amazement. " By remembering that he is your relative, and that you have married the lady he adopted as his daughter," answered the lawyer.; cheerfully. " It ought to help you to be all the merrier on your marriage day." " I told you that Dahlia would bring good fortune," whispered Mrs. Meredith with tears of pride and joy in her eyes. " No more thought of a sale now, Stephen !" "No, mother; but this seems almost too good to be true." " You must remember that Mr. Dottridge owed something for his start in life to your father." " Then he has amply repaid it to the son; but it is a strange business." Strange it might be, but it was only part of the strange conduct of an eccentric man, and it certainly made Stephen's heart lighter on this bright day. The usual ceremonials—which are irksome to everybody except mothers - in - law aud young ladies—were observed, with all due formality, at the luncheon. Mr. Bassnett proposed " the happy pair," and wandered into such flowery language as would have cost him every client he had if he had been overheard. Mr. Pulpier was chamling about the ladies and the whole duty of man to marry. Juliet declared she never had heard anyone speak " so beautiful f' To that Jim said " Bosh ! Why don't he rr.airy himself when he thinks it such a fme thing?" The young misogynist was not to bo reformed eveu by the spectacle of a wedding. When they had run the gauntlet of all the old shoes in the house, and got fairly away, Stephen placed his arm round Dahlia's waist, whispering— " My wife " She was quite startled by this brief but eloquent address—the most eloquent to which she had ever listened. "We have begun our journey," he weut on, " under very favourable conditions. We have fortune in our hands and at our feet, and it depends upon ourselves whether the journey is a pleasant one or not. I cannot conjure up the ghost of any shadow that might cross our way." •-Nor can I," was the gleeful smiling response ; " aud we will try not to make one. T lit re cannot be one; so long as we are true to each other, nothing can hurt us." " And we shall be tr^ e." That \v£.s a little second service ; aud both remeiiiljured it afterwards. Ths shadow was closer to them than they would have believed had a prophet told them. They were going North, and their first halt was made at York. In the hotel, whilst Stephen was waiting for Dahlia to complete her toilet for dinner, he picked up a newspaper, with no intention to read, but merely from habit. His eyes rested on this para- ^^A melancholy relic of the ill-fated Eucalyptus, which foundered at sea some six months ago, has been washed ashore. It is a wooden box bearing this inscription:—' Ruth Clark, passenger to Sydney per Eucalyptus.' The box has been forwarded to the agents of Dottridge & Co. at Sydney, and will doubtless be transmitted by them to England to be delivered to the friends of the unfortunate kdy-" , - Stephen laid down the paper as his wife A STORY' BY CHABLES GIBBON, uthor of " Robin Gray," " A Heart's Problem, " In Honour Bound," " Queen of the Meadow," "The Braes of Yarrow," &c.; 