SUNDAY READING. How He Came to Say It. By thi B»v. T. ds Witt Tnzlii.se. r¥lH$ smallest ladinlkehooseknowsthemean JL ing of all those words except the two last, AnathemaMaran-atha. Anathema, to cut off; Maran-atha, at His coming. Bo the whole pas sage might read; ' If any man love not the Lord Jesus Christ, let him be cnt off at His coming,' Well; how could the tenderhearted Paul Bay that ? We have seen him with tflara diecoursing about human want, and flnahed with excitement about human sorrow; and now he throws those red hot words into this letter to the Corinthians. Had he lost his patience ? 0, no '. Had he resigned his confidence in the Christian religion ? 0, no! Had the world treated him so badly that he had became its sworn enemy ? 0, no! It needs some explanation, I confess, and I shall proceed to show by what process Paul camo to the vehe ment utterance of my text. Before I close, if Qod Bhall give His Spirit, you shall cease to be surprised at the exclamation of the Apostle, and you yourselves will employ the same em phasis, declaring i ' If any man love not the Lord Jesus Christ, let him be Anathema ! Maran-atha. If the photographic art had been discovered early enough, we should have the facial pro portions of Christ—the front face, the side face, Jesus sitting, Jesus standing—provided he had submitted to that art; bnt since the sun did hot become a portrait painter until eighteen centuries after Christ, your idea about the Saviour's personal appearance is all guesswork Still, tradition tells us that he was the most in* finitely beautiful being that ever walked our small earth. If His features had been rugged, and His gut had been ungainly, that would not have hindered Him from being attractive. Many men you have known and loved have had few charms of physiognomy. - Wilber force was not attractive in face. Socrates was repulsive. Suwarrow, the great Bussian hero, looked almost an imbecile. And some whom you have known, and honoured, and loved, have not hod very great attractiveness of personal appearance. The shape of the mouth, and the nose, and the eyebrow, did not hinder the soul from shining through the cnticle of the face in 'j all-powerful irradiation. Bnt to a lovely ex terior Christ joined all loveliness of disposition.' Hun through the galleries of heaven, and find out that He is a non*such. The sunshine of His love mingling with the shadows of His sorrows crossed by the crystslline stream of His tears and the crimson flowing forth of his blood, make a picture worthy of being called the master*. piece of the eternities. Hung on the wall of j heaven, the celestial population would be en ohanted but for the fact that they have the grand and magnificent original, and they want no picture. But Christ having gone away from earth, we are dependent upon four in distinct pictures. Matthew took one, Mark another, Luke another, and John another. I care not which picture you take, it is lovely. lovely ? He was altogether lovely. ... What is that I see glittering in the mild eye of Jesus ? It was all the sorrows of earth, and the woes of hell, from which he had plucked our souls, accreted into one transparent drop, lingering on the lower eyelash until it fell! on a cheek red with the slap of human hands,— i just one salt, bitter, burning tear of Jesas. I fro wonder that Bock, and sky, and cemetery ! were in consternation when He died. Ho wonder the universe was convulsed. It was the i Lord God Almighty bursting into tears! How I suppose that, notwithstanding all this, a man | cannot have any affection for him. What! ought to bo done with such hard behaviour ? , It seems to me as if there ought to be some | chastisement for a man who will not love such ' a Christ. Just look at the injustice of not loving Him. How, there is nothing that excites a man like injustice. You go along the street, and you sec your little child buffeted, or a ruffian comes and takes a boy's hat and throws it into the ditch. You say, * What great meanness, what injustice, that is.' You cannot stand injustice. I remember, in my boyhood days, attending a large meeting in Tripler Hall, Hew York. Thousands of people were huzzaing, and the same kind of audiences were assembled at tho same timo in Boston, Edinburgh, and London. Why? Because tho Madaii family, in Italy, had been robbed of their Bible. 'A little thing,' you say. Ah, that injustice was enough to arouse tho indignation of the world. But whilo wo arc so sensitive about injustice as between inan and man, how little sensitive we are about injustice betweeu man and God. If thero evor was a fair and square purchase of anything, then Christ purchased us. He paid for us, not in shekels, not in ancient coins,' inscribed with effigies of Hercules, or ^Egina's tortoise, or lyre of Milylone, but in two kinds of coin—one red, the other glittering—blood and tears ? If anything is purchased and paid for, ought not tho* goods to bo delivered? If you havo bought a property and given the money, do you not want to coxne into possession of it? * Yes,' you say, 'I will have it. I bought and paid for it.' And you will go to law for it, and y#u will denounce the mnn as a defwudcr. Aye, if need be, you will hurl him iuto gaol. You will say, * I am bound to got bought it. I paid for it.' that property. I How, transpose tho case. Suppose Je9us Christ to be tho wronged purchaser on the ono side, and tho impenitent soul on tho other, trying to defraud Him of thai; which He bought at such an exorbitant price, and bow do jou feel about' that injurtice ? How do you feel toward* that spiritualfraud, turpitude, and perfidy? I still go further, and ahow you how suicidal it is for a man not to lore Christ. If a man gets in trouble, and he cannot get ontj we hare only one feeling towards him— sympathy and a desire to help him. If he has failed for a vast amount of money, and cannot pay more than ten cents on a dollar, aye, if he cannot pay anything, though hi9 creditors may come after him like a pack of hounds, we sympathise with him. We go to his store, or house, and we express our condolence. But suppose the day before that mau'failed, Wi'liam if. Bodge had come into his store and said: " My friend, I hear you are in trouble. I hare obme to help you. If ten thousand dollars will ire you through your perplexity, I hare a loan of that amount for you. Here is a cheque for the amount of that loan." Suppose the man said: " With that ten thousand dollars I could get through until next spring, and then everything will be all right; but, Mr. Dodge, I don't want it j I won't take it j I wonld rather fail than lake it j I don't et'en thank yon for offering it.' Tour sympathy for that man would cease immediately. Tou wonld say: "He had a fair offer; he might hare got out; he wants to fail; he refuses all help; now let him fail." There is no one in all thie home who would hare any sympathy for that man. But do not let us he too hasty. Christ hears of our spiritual embarrassments. He finds that we are on the very verge of eternal defalcation. He finds the law knocking at our door with this dun; ' Pay me what thou owest.' We do not inow which way to turn. _ Pay ? We cannot nay a fsrthiue of all tha millions of obligation. Well, Christ comes in and says: ' Here is My name; you can use My name. Tour name mil be worthless, but My red band' writing on the bock of this obligation will get you through anywhere.' Now suppose the soul says: '1 know I am in debt s I can't meet these obligations either in time or in eternity) but, 0 Christ, X want not thy help: I ask not thy rtecue. Go away from me.' Ton would say: ' That man, why, he deserves to die. He had the offer of help i he would not take it. He is a free agent j he ought to have whathe wants; he chooses death rather than life. Ought yon not give him freedom of choice V Though a while ego there was only one ardent man under the gallery who understood the apostle, now there are hundreds in the house who can say, and do say, within themselves: 'After all this ingratitnde, and rejection, and obstinacy j "if any, man 1ot6 not the Lord Jesus Christ, let him be anathema xnaranatba."' I go a step further, and say it is most cruel for aman notto love Jesus. The meanest tiling 1 could do for you would be needlessly to hurt your feelings. Sharp words sometimes cat like a dagger. An unkind look will sometimes lire like the lightning. An unkind deed may over master a sensitive spirit, and if you have made up your mind that you have done wrong to any one, it does not take you two minutes to make up your mind to go and apologise. Now, Christ is a bundle of delicacy and sensitiveness. 0 what rough treatment He has received some times from our hands. We have struck Him in the faoe, and on the swollen shoulder, and on the inflamed temple. Every time you rejected the Lord Jesus Christ you struck Him. How you have ihocfced His newes. How you hare broken His heart, llid yon, my brother, ever measure the meaniug of that oae passage: 'Behold, I stand at the door and knock ?' It never came to me as it did this afternoon while I was think ing on this subject. 'Behold, I stand at the door and knock.' Some January day, the thermometer fire degrees below zero, the wind and the sleet beating mercilessly against you, you go up the steps of a house where you have a very important errand. You knock with one knuckle. No answer. You are very earnest, and you are freezing. The next time yon knock' harder. After a while, with yoor fist you beat against the door. You must get in, bat the inmate is careless or stubborn, and he does not want you in. Your errand is a failure. You go away. The Lord Jesus Ohrist conies up on the steps of your heart, and with very sore hand He knocks hard at the door of yonr soul. He is standing in the cold bl&sis;'of human suffering He knocks He says: 'Let Me in. I have come a great way. I have come all the way from Nazareth, from Bethlehem, from Golgotha. Let Me in. My feet are bare but for their covering of blood. My head is uncovered but for a turban of brambles. By all these wounds of foot, and head, and heart, I beg yen to let Me in. O, I have been here a great while, and the night is getting darker. I am faint with hunger. I am dying to get in. 0! lift the latch—Bhove back the bolt. Won't you let me in ? Won't you P " I'ehold, I stand at the door and knock."*' But after a while, my brother, the scene will chango. It will be another door, but Christ will be on the other side of it. He will be on the inside, and the rejected sinner will be on the outside, and the sinner will come up and knock at the door and say: 'Let me in, let me io. I have come a great way. I came all the way from emh, I am sick and djing. Let me in. The merciless storm beats my un sheltered head. The wolves of a gTeat night are on my track Let me in. "With both fists 1 beat against this door. O, let me in. 0, Christ, let me. O, Holy Ghost, let me in. O, God, let me in. O, my glorified kindred, let me iu.* No answer cave the voice of Christ, who shall say: 4 Sinner, when 1 stood at your door you would not lot Me in, and now you are standing at My door, and I cannot let you in. The day of- your grace is past. Oificer of the law, seize him.' And while the arrest is going on, all the myriads of heaven rise on gallery and throne, and cry with a loud voice that makes the eternal city quake from cap-stone to foundation, saving: ' If any man love not the Lord Jesus Christ, let him be Anathema Maran-athd.' When a man refuses to love Christ apd re jects Him, the Apostle intimates he butcher* J.sus, and you" cannot get any other meaning out of that passage.' He 'crucifies the lord of Glory.'^'It is just as if you went toatimber yard and: got two pieces of wood, a long piece and a short piece, and hammered them together, and then'you went to an apothecary's store and got a chemist to mix you up the bitterest draught possible, and then you caught Christ and lifted Him on the one and made him drink the other. By our sins wo baTo done this. We have ripped open the old wounds. Wo haTe flogged Christ with thongs that cut tothe spinal column. Wo have pelted him with iron hammers O, poor soul, stop that. Quit that massacre of a God! Take your hands off him! Decide! Decide ! O, is that what He gets for coming to fare us? For His kiss of lore do wo rive Him the blow of rejection? Cruel! | Cruel! When I think o? all this, my Ctrnel! When I think o? all this, my surprise at the Apostle cesses, and I have come at last to the point at which the Apostle spoke, and I feel as vehemently as he did, and I can join with bim and the great multitude on gallery and throne one hundred and forty and four thousand, saying: 'If, after all this, a man love not the Lord Jesus Christ, let him be Anathema Maran-atha' Sabbath night audience in the Brooklyn Tabernacle, aud all to wh'om these words shall come on both sides the sea, notice here the tremendous alternative—it is not whether, jou live in Pierrepont-street or Carlton Avenne, walk Trafalgar Square or the 'Canongate;' not whether your dress shall be black or brown; not whether you shall be robust or an inval.d; not whether you shall live on the banks of the Hudson, the Shannon, the Seine, the Thames, the Tiber; but it is a question whether you will love Christ or suffer banishment; whether yon will give yourselves to Him who owns yon or fall under the millstone; whether you will rise to glories that have uo terminus or plunge to a depth that has no bottom. I do not see how you can take the ten thousandth part of a second to decide it, when there are two worlds fastened at opposite ends of a swivel, and the swivel turns on one point, and that point iB now, now. Is it not fair that you Ioto Him ? lis it not right that you lore Him ? la it not imperative that you love Him? What is; it that keeps you from rushing up aud throwing the arms of your affection about His neck? My text pronounces Anathema Maran-atha upon all those who refuse to love Christ. An athema—cut off. Cut off from light, from hope, from peace, from heaven. O sharp, keen sword-like words! Cut off! Everlastingly cut off! 'Behold, therefore, the goodness and severity of God; on them which fell, severity j but toward thee, goodness, if thou continue in His goodness; otherwise you also shalt he cut off.' Maran-atha—that is the other word. - 'WhenHe comes' is the meaning of it. Will He come ? I see no signs of it. 1 looked into the sky to-night as I rode down to chnrch. I saw no signs of the coming. Ho signal of God's appearance. The earth stands solid on its foundation. Ho cry of welcome or of woe. Will he come? HewilL Maran-atha! Hear it, ys mountain, and prepare to fall. To cities, and prepare to bum. Ye righteous, aud pre pare to reign. Ye wicked, and prepare to die. Maran-atha! Maran-atha 1 He comes. It seems to me as if He may he starting now, as though He had ordered np His chariot with fire-shod lightnings harnessed to it. The retinue mounted in front, mounted behind. I hear the clank of the sword of judgment. Open the . gates, and they come out, aud they ride down the steep hills of heaven, ten thonsand saints Hitbodyguard. Ihearthegallopingof thehoofs of the snow-white steeds,-nearer, nearer. Awake, ye dead! Open, ye books! Come, ye blessed! Depart, ye cursed! Maran-atha! Maran-atha! But O, my brother, I am not so aroused by that oomiog as I am to a previous coming, and that is the coming of our death hour, which will fix everything for us. I cannot help now, while preaching, asking myself the question, am I ready for that ? If I am ready for the first, I will be ready for the n:xt. Are you ready for the emergency ? Shall I tell you when your death hour will come ? '0, no,' says come one, 'I-don't want to know. I would rather not know.' Bome one says: ' I would rather know, if you can tell me. I will tell you. It will be at the most unexpected moment, when yon are most busy, and when you think you can be the least spared. I cannot exactly oay whether it will be in the noon, or at the 'ami down when the people are coming home, or in the morning when the world is waking up, or while the clock is striking twelve at night. But I tell you what I think, that with some of you it will be before next Eunday night. Gfabdikg tee Homb Mabezt.—The chairman of the Yictorian Tariff Commission, in his draft report prepared for the considera tion of the commission, advocates protection for the benefit of local manufacturers. He says:—"Wages, interest, and general expenses are higher here than elsewhere, and tb# hours of labour are shorter; so that, without the command of the local market, free from the fluctuations which speculative imports occasion, our manufacturers would be manifestly placed at a disadvantage ; and the loss of the export trade, which they arc cultivating with so much energy aud success, would speedily follow upon the lots of the home market, which our policy now secures for them." Fkbsch Bzlapsed Cokvictb.—The Hew Caledonian correspondent of the Sydney Morning Herald, writiog from Noumea, saysA feel ing of consternation is caused by the news of the passing of the Becieiviste Bill by the Assembly and Senate in France. All who have an established interest in the country are deeply moved by the prospects of the sure ruin to the countiy by the pouring into it of tuch an over whelming tide of moral filth. Nothing will withstand it here. The press is publishing the speeches of certain deputies who did their utmost to save this colony from such a scourg ing pest, which will spread like a moral cholera over the. southern hemisphere unless checked jn rim. " ' 