SKiETCHES 'BY ." M.AW,,! EY . T T';/ATjii C~E ADESS [2N'S rBALLL. -The Tradesmen'colebrit?d6 ' thefi&rst; of thetinbppoBedp annuiial bialls in theTqwni Hal la Thtiurldiay "nigt p .hese ,yearly ialls, 'without: doubi, will tendt to; foster that batmony of good feeling whiohl should always prevail ambn''Triendly rivals. Upontbe ' occasions, p .etty, prejudiice hould, arid will idoubtlSsebe ocast out of heir, scales,; leaving ionily. good -nature'; which should, bout-weighr all' -Whiater may be their ':respective bpinibns tinb thti early closing movemeit,i they arenow one upon thie a'wl?dm, ,of .haying. ann iannual athering.i, .,Great, .therefore, have *been the preparations of the qtewards to insure the success oftbi iep ,entativeaBsieiiblig. The you'ng '.lise'? too,. have no..,. been backward& in their .endenavours 'to. 'make',the ballroom: .a, picturesque,; if Aot .romhnitic; temporary a-bode for Cupid:; l Arid who' will make 'bold to' Bay :that thiee. desiajq were riot-highly lauidable?! ,,yhW r tliere id nobplace like the giddy .oazes of a-waltz to 'becomie entangled in, the meshes-o.f lbve: young ladies know this, while eligible young men feel it.. The damsels del edob allow" Love's, labor to' bie lost,, ad .they. argue naively when selected as ::a;parner for a dance may they, nt as:welli select a partnerfor .life 1:.: Select,. !-How" the word recoils upon its: author! i For the gallant is more than mdrtal/wlio' old'have.chosen the fairest i-ie iih'sich a igalaxy of.beauty as thebey of damsels at thal TRadesmen's ball presented f, : i -- i The Tradesmen are'lessentially con seryadive in their ideas.! They admit nione but local imiaster trade.inen to their society a in imetings. e'. nce, and also owing .to th ,efforts .of ta. mis-guided individual, I experienced, some - difficulty in entering unnoticed: to the 'baill ' y 'ticket.I gav. away in':sPiwet charity.. It was presented' and the donior was thrice blessed. One of the Cerberiies ,,a-. vendor. of gold.. and nrecious stones, had at last discovered.me I A clever ruse, the tidket :'e, thought the. would-be' fowler, rubbing' his .lhands with innocent glee, A,; very good looking man of about; twenty-three summers; Dark hair, Grecian nose,., black eyes, archea eyebrows, a'- firm moith,' with a"ipretty moustiche .'oterlapping the' lip. .,Siich .was the person iwhh presented.,my ticket I The..trap .was. set for ;a hawk' and caught. only. an innocent-very innocent-pigeon, himself -the victinm' of 'o a 'jok 'Yet I gaiiied adittaince to ithe ll, b i.wthoiitt, as, lawyers: hive it, " let or hindrace." The room when I entered wore a very animated appearance. - The many tints ofihe ladies dresses blended together in a"i hain;mg, maniner; while their briglit faces .wreathed in rippling smiles told joy was in' their hearts. The decorations were fair only, the flags were old enough to have waved a thoiisand balls adieu. .:The spirits of those present may well be described in the words' of the old Bong'i--: -' .' ' - " olm'Stiiusit, John'Stauis'tliaeI iriar? .mad, . Swmin;g and dancing it's *eaiiy fobeii. , From night until mornig. , ,." .. There wer6eabiot a liudired couples pres ent.. The lidies,: however, outnumbered he gentlemen. .Many .of the; latter pro efrred to dancing,: to :play Cards, dripk whisky, smoke tobacco, and .watch' in the moking 'rom .ani eirrati musician who Atyled hi?self ,the! one 'armed fiddler." Wheri the .tradesmen take'to, the 'crickelt ield. the fiddler? is their capltain:. ''Why the ghost of Pagamnil did 'ot risiieand hiear the onearmed fiddler. off, jealous that mor tals'hould aee such talentise a mystery to me, But there were no spirits in the:roomn, onlyeighteempty whisky bottles I'h wivie little'you recked what Mr. Dixonlmeant when lhespoke,so blandlike (when moving a vote of.thanke:tothe.ladies) of those two back: rooms In' them' I ; learit' much,. though in the ball rocim Isaw more., Men whom I had always B:ei . accustomed to. Associate with blue aproq and calves', heada there vied, with each other.in courteous attentions to belles. i Again, .men, who normally seemed to have' brains for nought but drust anid dough, inowk burst forth' and sparkled asflowery. wite., q ~o with every trade, eachvotary was seen in a new and better light. Effects ',arer not'?i*roduced without' reasonu ' A little thought. showed the sblutioni. 'The itadesniiin had. covered the hard palm of labour's hand. with: the oftt glove of pleasure; : It had wrought a wondrous change. . Yoider funral! furnisher looks a veritable'ubj'c of King lrolie 'maqueradiig as an ,undertaker. How.. he :ogles' with :eyes ' which bhave lost their youthful :lustre, that'. fiainatindE creature': 'Beside him, a chemist, looltiiig Bourer than his:- drug';, glaris menaciingly. At him., I.thought they were friends.in tead; ,not so in love.,:: :What matter to the older' man, ifthe smile's'which warm' the cockles of his shrivelled, headt,' send thorns . into i'the'? young one's "bursting with ,~ve ? '" I. wonder,. does the elder sain ,,vish to become a; follower of Sir Peter Teazle in the "School for Scandal" nd marry a iimaiden .: h the verdante buds of Spring' ign her .auburqi . tiesses? I so, may he ,likewise enjoy Sir Peter's hap ne . . . . ' Ordidary.. auctioneer"? eads an'i d their:I hanjeera s ini'ar ch alike. hTep e oth makea noise. M. h'Dijioii n. l?,not ?.n? ordinary auctioneer, anid..he does more than -make -a: nois~e. He makes himself: reeable; ;He is:' presideh t ..of "the' Tr mene.' ''His-humoui ;s .go?d,.tholgl fsared ne ey his wine., ibetter, e iO iere a great favotirite . with the lidies~i'-who have hearts fdr; 'sale: Whati ouong'cavaliei* cOuld' resist his Cof who bidsl,,? ?,,"...' . *.And itsfA·esbis tessinag i?-,.. • .ma r t tWdiia. draw': evre~i St Anthony fomyl;~ h~is hermit e oll ?ett n n herbs, fastle, an' ,igile: Ah! there are moreo voices enhancing id per~aisive than Sirei's'in this world I Ho the seietaryi acret, MrI Daviesi oo he did dahniiih, "i and. , out of re roomsiuntOi?noaher, like e watch-bird Shad loot his ante. FirstS you saw his e ssichead givinig full expression to.the ?worda (1Ipugh,h haihe a' Then like a i ill o' the Whisp,":rambling hither and Shiimer, asking sundry perpons " lireoe you OOOa (Bt~~er'?" ''BAdeirwhg isfltanbler?" Iiasiked Sof a1 Scotchbmaji theside "mei " Dunno!" I was.afterwards informed he was the club's sporting reporter.. He sung several tiMe,; and.was'-encored:'y facetiqus tradesmen, whotwanted to tread upo the i.i's,,, tail.. :'He an; Iswered. jthem .with :Beware how,;you tread ' on his tail" * taus exploding his identity.: "A fellow w'worlie'rof his'in: the 'Pfahran School Board. wir present-illused Mr' Heath. Hei looled fooreaken and forlorn in a corner of the hall; Does .he cherish a cancer in his breast agaIin'et'deceiving scribes; who cannot digest hi Bscholarly advice conveyed inth'e re?ued diction, 'f "ay it oh thickl; .eough."- .Poor ' tr Heath I,, Mrs Heath sang in a manner entrancing to the fortunate listeners"; Her voice 'ran'. clear thrbtogh "the halllikel a silver bell, and' te'1rund of well- merited applause which greeted her must have bden yery gratifying to herr. Misses Fothergill, iMadden,?and:tfabb also c6itib'tk~dto the general enjoyment' by :their respectively wqel koendered. songs. 'Their isucess wt enriched by the very able imanner in which Mrs -Dinea- perforinmed, the arduous duties of accompanyist., : It is some years.ago since I met VMr Crook, the MC. He- was in, the,cricket fieldcliad iin 'a ed ishirt. and reminded ime then' o a brigaind:" He ,was a cricketer: of :the old.chdbl; but if he does not understand modern . bowlers, he c'an.'nanage balls: Brigand.like again to.night, he was bearing; down'o 'the ladies, carrying their hearts off; *Apollo, ..who loved seeing maid'en dancing,; would' have envied :Mr Crook. l.e danced 'with. everybody , whom: his winning smile alighted' upon4: If he coulil, ha:ve:'found an angel withL wings-there were lots without-he would have,...if .shl had' slpp'breed his by no meang:light weight, danced into'Elysium., As. it was he danced into sky-blue, thinking it thelheavens. 'So, it was a wobiman.sheaven- a tasteful dress; Ai well, we are ibt all young and'activeif Mr.Crook was a universal favorite, and'gave great satisfadtion as 'M.C;. His brother-in arn s,'lM.? .Aimatrong, ibly assisted. hiini; but where was thl'eancient gentleman:who sings that amorous song about the " Cock Sparrow.?" He' would have been as addition to the smoke drom'n and the sparrow will a-wooing go a!long time before he will: be. able to see such another ca, g full.. f,, pretty birds as the; Town: Hall. There,'w er' some characters at the ball.too, I saw:Law and Pawnbroking going arini?. art. :A young lawyer spooned like wild'? fire. His brothe;: a. "masher!' of great. power, left a iball at Caulfieldi especially to attend this one, andd "mash ' a few youngi ladies. I am afraid they were all " mOshed "h before he dntered the room. II can 'vouch for one;: Oh, pink anud.velvbt !, ..YoauW n t be hard. uponrimy curious notions *nowg, will you? " 'Tis better to ha veloved, &c.;,'" though of course, as you wispely said, along side ,Mir., Miller, the buxdm cateerr, yoe cannot"lose a" thing youd never 'poisssed' Bit/d'iur paths lie different. I trust you may dance through lifp"' s you- did through the 'wa~tz: with, moe.-merrily. It was delightful! .,lell ..might . I whisper-treacherouf I'll admi;t--into yoiur shapely ear as we floated in unison,' "Love! Ldve! is my link-b#o, marriagp'my goal " The dream is fafed, the dance' is o'er, andl we may never meet again; but don't spooni ith. susceptible, .youths.- T6ey '-are apt to acknoavledge~lie sway of liquid eyes and: coy glances.: It is the old..4able of thel boys and .the, frogs. Soon afier this little episode I left the hall, leaving much behind nme It.wasinot a glass slippen However, I'll claim it at the next ball of the Prahran Tradesmen, which :. sincerely hope, as Cowper did of "John Gilpin's ride,", we may all" live'to' see." 