ABOVE THE SPEAKER. By TiMoriiEUs. " Timotheus placed on high." The Houses have met and have set to work with a will, clearing off in two days two important matters the address in reply to the Governors Speech and the Sunday question It took the O'Loghlen Government a month to dispose of the address, and in the old Houses a solid week was always devoted to the Sunda) business Members especially the new members are terribly in earnest, and if Ministers are of the same mind they ought to be able to get something out of a Parliament which is shocked by the bad example of its predecessors. There is an agreement that never was there a clearer track than now The danger signals are down , Ministers can put on steam and travel When the Khedn of was ordered to establish an Assembly by the English-who would prescribe a Parliament to cure on earthquake-he had to pay certain sheiks and pashas to form on Opposition It may be shrewdly suspected that some arrangement of the kind has been arrived at between the Government and Mr McIntyre An Opposition of some sort is supposed to be necessary for appearance sake, and so we have Mr M'Intyre but unfortunately the member for Maldon cannot put any reality into the flair 'The ghost is not a success when the children know who is behind the sheet, and when the Opposition lender intended to be most severe in his ex once criticism of the Government programme on Tuesday, people said "It's only M'Intyre He thinks he must say something " The member for Maldon was a capital guerilla. It does not follow that he would be a good general Besides he must have something to be angry about before he can be indignant, whereas a real party leader can invent his grievance Disraeli defeated a Palmerston Government for betraying the liberties of the country by bringing in a Foreign Treason Bill of which he had himself promoted, and upset of Gladstone Government for jeopardising the Straits of Malacca, of whose exact location he was probably unaware When Ministers are on the look out for the little cloud no bigger than a man's hand, it is not in the M'Intyre direction that they will gave They will we watch to see what Mr Mirams and Major Smith are doing The two hon gentlemen sat for a time while the address was debated with Mr Patterson between them, Mars, Mercury, and Saturn would be an ominous conjunction The trio was soon dispersed, but when it comes together for Loud we shall see a real Opposition that Mr Mirams is as full of crotchets as an egg is of meat is well known Next to his capacity for crazes is his great natural Parliamentary ability Nothing could be neater than the little plan he has developed for making things disagreeable for the coalition Gov eminent A coalition means that Ministers shall introduce the measures they can agree about Mr Mirams assumed during the discussion, as a matter of course, Hutt a coalition implies compromise, and that the Ministry will submit half and half measures Mr Berry, he reminds the House, was opposed to the transfer of the railways to a board, and did not approve of the abo action of patronage Therefore, Mr Mirams assumes that Mr Berry has not consented to the railways being altogether put under a board or to patronage being entirely abolished It is not to be supposed for a moment, says Mr Mirams, that either party to the alliance will be asked to surrender its opinions to the other. And probably the hon. gentleman has a profound conviction that the two bills will be " thorough," and that the one party will be asked to forget its old convictions. And Mr, Mirams will be able to go about asking "Is that fair T and with a little encouragement, he will add, " I don't call this a coalition, but a betrayal " The morality of Artemus Ward's kangaroo was testified to by many clergymen, but its owner described the marsupial as a " little cussed " 'The party will accept the measures, however, despite all that Mr Mirams can say just now the remarks made by Dr. Rose may be taken to prove that much When one listens to a fluent radical orator congrats lating the Gov ancient upon recognising the true position of the Legislative Council, and up in striking at patronage, the bouleversement seems to be complete Do no wonder and doubt Are lillian it what they seem, Or his tatong about it is the Radical as well as the Caucasian done for" her Imps nut, but for the moment he may be mesmerised Religious wars are the fiercest and there is always heart and interest in a debate which turns upon dogma there was the usual life and bent in the Sunday struggle but it was one-sided "The Assyrian came dun n as a whole on the fold, and so the Sub hilarious swept upon and overthrew the Sunday party 'the victors managed caps tall), and ashamed matter of strategy, are entitled to their laurels No one knew that it was to rain petitions There are zoo phases according to naturalists, who can lin ide themselves into 200 parts, each pie Belling and presenting an independent vitality The Sunday Society never suspected that the Wesleyan and the Pros byterian denominations were capable of performing this feat But all the Sub britannia documents were ready, so was in " ironclad resolution, so were fiery little speeches Everything was prepared for the chance of an oil night, in the event of there being no long debate on the address to the Governor, and the opportunity came to the wise men the knowing men-who were waiting for it And not only was worldly wisdom onthconeside.butin tensity of purpose also Mr Mirams Mr Harper, Mr W L Walker are wrought up and are prepared to make any sacrifice for the cause except such sacrifices as are inconvenient Mr Mirams will permit a milkman to trade or a Collingwood cabman to work all Sunday, but to the proposal that the man should be tempted to treat his horse to a rest and himself to a read, he says "Never Mr Harper will allow the rich man's coachman to clean his masters harness, to groom the horses, and to drive the wealthy family to a w costly church, but to the suggestion that the man who has devoted his mornings to the stable should spend his afternoon in the Li urary healsosays, "Never" Mr Walker votes that guards, engine-drivers, stokers, ticket collectors shall work as much on four days as his Hawthorn supporters require, but the idea that the men when off duty should look at a picture provokes an energetic "Never " from him also And the gift of prophecy has it seems descended upon these gentlemen. They are endowed with a magic power of sight Prince Ahmed in the Eastern story thought that he was marrying a beautiful girl The old woman his course knew that he was taking to himself a watch and shoot And this, we learn from the escape trio, is the fatal error with the Sunday Society would comm- it seems to the mere superficial observer as if given any one institution to be opened on a Sunday, it should be the Public Library The Royal park attracts children from the Sunday schools to sense the animals, in the Botanical gardens there is naughty love making carried on the Sunday trains carry men and women for mere pleasure, but in the Library the worst that our happen is that while some meditate others may sleep But Mr Mirams sees far beyond this So does Mr Harper, and Mr Walker also To open the Public Library means to introduce French gaiety and German licentiousness to give the theatres their full swing to deprive working men of their rest, to flood the land with immorality, and to condemn it to boil It is to ubjureChristianltyand to renounce the Bible. 'The Library opener, who had merely meant to allow a man to read a book, instead of sleeping on his bed or drinking in a publichouse, could but listen with astonish- ment His situation was that of the Mussel mine who was nibbling at a sausage when a storm came on Peal followed peal, until the guilty creature laid down his fork, and looked up to heaven with the remonstrance, " And all this fuss about a bit of pork." Renan has returned thanks for living in an amusing ages period in which. there is always something to laugh at, and ci timely | many chuckles in to be injured and the ingenuity displayed by our side in nsx using the other. On Wednesday Mr Shiels and his friends were loud and vehement in their protestations against the tyranny of the said barbarians, who not only rushed on the subject, but would not permit a in cold nights a debate lines, said Mr Shiels, in the " gag And the Sabbatarians were bitter in turn in their denunciations of Mr Shiels, who, Iviiow ing that the division was to be pressed on that evening, took three hours for himself, and left very little time for other burning orators "We are denied the right of free speech in the House as on the platform, ' exclaimed Mr Mirams, Mr Harper, and Mr Walker, in chorus Ex cr) thing depends upon the stand point In Coleridge a story the critics who looked upon the picture upside down pronounced it ridiculous, and those who turned it the other was) vouchsafed their admiration The speech of the week was of course that of Mr Shiels 'the member for Normanby) does not address the House often, but when he does he goes in for a big thing 'Hub oration was one of his biggest The materials lie about in tempting profusion The wits have rallied the Sabbatarians in all ages, and the divines have preached at thorn, una wits and divines will go on laughing and scolding for ages more Mr Shiels brought together some of the best things which have been said, and put them in a setting of his own which was not the least meritorious part of the affair Not another member lnthcllouso could have done the work so well He addressed a non s) sympathetic audience. He was subject to many years, and to a series of stupid contradictions from an eccentric member on matters of fact, but he was us vivacious at the finish as at the start In dealing with interruptions Mr Shiels is easily first Mr Purves used to hit attain trader savagely Mr Gaunson indulged in a vicious late. Mr Shiels, with twice the quick- ness of either, turns the laugh against his us sailant This is a gift which tells more on the platform even than in the House, and its possession accounts for the success of the hon. member in electioneering. Now the orator treated his hearers to a rocket flight, now to a brilliant wheel, now to a blue light. But there was no moving members to express emotion. Some faces were cold and set. Most were impassive. It would have been very different if hon. members had had the courage of their opinions, but there was a scare. Never was there seen such a rushing from the House in order not to vote ; such a looking for holes to hide in, and such a demand for rails to perch upon. And the dominant feeling is expressed in a hearty " thank goodness that the affair is over. Still the debate was not without amusement towards its close. Karl Granville chose to announce to the House of Lords on Mayo, that Mr. Gladstone has changed his views, and now favours the opening of the British Museum on Sundays. Mr. W. F. Walker rose to point out what a ridiculous old goose Earl Granville (Mr. Gladstone's colleagues) must be. Mr. Walker does not care a rap what the Liberal leader in the Lords may say about his chief. He Ioiowb Mr. Gladstone's views to a nicety. Charming indeed is the gift which nature bestows upon some men of being cock-sure. And then Mr. Officer came out at humourist. The member for Dundas has been regarded as a mild, amiable, but prosaic, member, and yet the House did not laugh heartily the whole evening until he came to describe the condition of things in the Zoolo- gical gardens. The trustees want to close on Sunday. They go as near as they can. They do not feed the beasts, so that the digestive organs of the carnivora obtain a rest. They rode up the elephant, so that the intelligent but foodless beast passes the day profitably on the correct principles of meditation and rent. Only the " inferior animals " the attendants are worked by orders of the Assembly', for they have to rush hither and thither, as the children spoke the leopard to make him change his spot, and thrust food that would kill him upon the man- monkey Tommy Dodd. So the situation stands. The trustees of the Zoological- gardens desire to close, and the Assembly orders them to keep open. The trustees of the Public Library desire to open, and the Assembly orders them to shut up. We are a peculiar people. Very ! 