THE LONG-BANGED EOAEEE. About the year 1851 the most influential man in San Antonio was an alleged despe rado named Bob Augustine. Bob came to °San Antonio with a fearful record. He en joyed the reputation of having killed a dozen or so of inen, and was respected accordingly. While lie was in San Antonio he did not reduce the census at all, but that was not his fault. He had a seductive way of draw ing his eiirhteen-inch Arkansas toothtrick. and examining it critically with a sinister smile, while humbly requesting the tempo rary loan of 5 dol; Thus it was that Bob went about acquiring wealth and warm per srinal friends, but creating no funerals. There were rumours that Bob was playing bluff, but that was after he had marched away. It was during the reign of Bob Augustine, ' the long-ranged roarer of the Calaveras Canon,' as he familiarly called himself, that a young man from Boston named John Winthrop, came to San Antonio, presum ably in search of health, as he brought very little with him. He was far gone in con sumption, and nothing but the fact that he had* but a short time to live, unless the \ climate of Western Texas saved him, in duced him to come to San Antonio. As everybody^carried a pistol, Winthrop did not care to insult public decency' by going ir armed. Besides, such a course migK seriously interfere with his restoraf'aon , health as putting on a clean shirt His Puritan training caused Kim trf lfc at the idea of carrying firear.m8 so he sorted to artifice. He wove a holst bufc instead of keeping a pistr,, in ifcj he ha'd hig cash funds stored awa-y in it d nobod was the wiser for -it. On the oont ^ Wmthrop was loc,Ked up to b the be* citizens just the same as if he was loaded down with deadly weapons. Of course everybody tried to make the stranger from Massachusetts feel as comfortable as if he was at home ; so he was told all about Bob Augustine, the long-ranged roarer, at least ten times -t day, an* he was advised not to be particular m asking security for the debt in case the roarer wanted to borrow a small loan, unless he, Winthrop, did not wish to % regain his health. As might have been expected, the long- . ranged roarer called on Winthrop to collect his usual assessments on strangers. Win throp was of the opinion that if he could save his life and lose all his money he would be doing unusually well. The long-ranged roarer s idea wasto chase the blue-bellied if !8fc2r °m$ the room for a time or so, collect .$5 or $10, and perhaps make some ear- marks, a la Whittaker, so he would know him m a crowd if he should meet him again. The long-ranged roarer sauntered into Winthrop s room at the hotel, but before the desperado could open his mouth or draw a weapon the unfortunate Yankee threw back his coat, and with trembling fingers tugged at his .pistol- holster to get at his money to , appease , the would-be assassin. Un the other, hand, as soon as the roarer saw Wmthrop trying to get out his pistol he turned as pale as a ghost. The alleged desperrdo's knees knocked together, the cold sweat boiled out all over him, and he ex tended his hand and said, tremblingly : ' Don't draw, good Mr. Yankee I I was only trying to fool you. My bold Arkansaw heart beats for you, my boy. I jest wanted to teach you a lesson. Never let any darned gallopt get the drop on you. If anybody insults you, jest tell them that Bob Augus tine, the roarer, is your friend. Winthrop, who was more scared, if pos sible, than the roarer, replied : ' 0, I'll give you what you want,' and kept on tugging at the holster, which came unbuckled. With a yell of dismay the desperado passed out through the window, carrying off the sash, and ran down Commodore-street, the principal thoroughfare, with the sash on his neck, howling, ' Police, police 1' closely pursued by Winthrop, who kept on tugging at his holster, trying to get out his money, he believing that the desperado was running to his room to procure a shotgun with which to commit murder. All that afternoon. Winthrop kept on hunting the roarer to purchase peace on terms, and the roarer had himself to avoid the pistol of the Boston man. Next morning the long-ranged roarer of the Calaveras Canon was missing, and Winthrop was the lion of the day for haying run off the terror of the Alamo City. Falsification of Brandy. — A lamentable g picture has been drawn in a recent report of the American consul at Eochelle of the falsification of brandy, which it appears in the last three years has undergone a com plete transformation, and is no longer brandy, the greater portion being prepared from alcohol of grain, potatoes, or beet. The most unsatisfactory circumstance is that even the merchants who desire to pur chase a pure cognac cannot be certain that they do so, for the proprietors of the vine yards, all of whom are distillers, have be come so clever in the manipulation of the alcohols and the accompanying drugs that they deliberately make a brandy of any required year and quality. The mention of the years 1849 or 1876,'for instance, in an invoice or on a label means simply that the article is presumed to have the taste or colour of the brandies of those years. The increasing importation of Germa* potato and beet alcohols into the Charente ports is an additional proof that the less brandy that is consumed the, better for the health and intellect of the consumer. It is, more over, becoming a custom to see the brandy in twelve-bottle cases, marked with one, two, and three stars, according to the pre sumed quality, thus avoiding any compro mising mention of years or place of produc tion. Some of the manufacturers import the small raisins from the east, and make what they call brandy from the juice, there being at least one such establishment in operation at Cognac. Apart from the un satisfactory purchase of a brandy which is not brandy, drinkers should seriously con sider what are the properties of the liquid which they are so complacently imbibing. It is simply an active poison, the imported ? alcohol, which is known to the trade as trois six, being of ninety degrees strength, and sold at a little less than three francs a gallon. Its characteristic effect is to pro duce an intoxication in\ which the patient is -^ eapeuiaiiy muiiueu to rage ana pnysicai violence, while insanity of an obstinate and almost hopeless form is the inevitable con sequefice of a prolonged use of it. It is said that the great increase of the violent and brutish crimes in France may be traced to the drinking of this brandy and absinthe. The slang term for a glass of cognac is un petrole, and for coffee with cognac un grand denile. Not only in France but in other countries, and even in the United States, the liquors are producing a condition of national alcoholism of the worst kind, far beyond the ordinary drunkenness arising from unadulterated intoxicating drinks.-^ Times. The project of the United States for establishing a universal meridian has been sent to the Paris academy of sciences for approval. It is expected that Great Britain may object to this measure, and it has be«-- proposed, in consideration of the sp' ? 'n X rendered to geography by England ^iVlll i ftrefinwiflh meridian nlinnl^ K- ?*» mai me the start-point for time ar'dl^ ^|° aS The Americans are p' --tl , -,. e' , a new remedy. J* ,^ to have discovered simplicity, for -* - ¥.s ^e advantage of very hot wa*' - con818ts of. half », gla8S. of or when*' jer- taken mornmg and evening, Itiasp' 'ror a ' pi°k'me-uP' is required. *? ad to cure gout, rheumatism, indiges r» ., dyspepsia, and many other of the com ^iaints to which flesh is heir. It is well spoken of by a considerable number of people, and notably by those whose brains are heavily taxed. M. Tissandies, the French aaronaut, is said to be projecting the manufacture of an elliptical balloon, which is to be driven by a dynamo-machine and storage batteries. The balloon will be one hundred and thirty one feet long, and will have a capacity of more than one hundred thousand cubic feet. It ia calculated to give a lifting power of over three and a? half tons, which will, when the machinery is in place, allow for a ton of passengers and ballast. The structural effects of the new law courts (observes a London paper) still '^ supply a theme for unceasing complaint from all whose business takes them witlun their precincts. It has already been clearly shown that in their construction architectural unity was looked upon as everything, while convenience and suitability for their especial purpose was regarded as nothing. Elaborate arrangements were made for their ventilation and lighting, but they have utterly collapsed in practice. This week the master of the lolls was almost blown off the bench by a Wast of cold air turned on through a ven tilating shaft, instead of hot; while the sitting of another court had to be tem porarily suspended owingHo a break-down of the electric light. The acoustic properties of tbe courts are hopelessly bad, and the internal arrangements altogether unsatis factory in the extreme. The witness-box is so placed that ohe witnesses cannot be seen by the judge, while the judge is removed -wholly from the view of the jury. The moral of the whole business is that the Gothic style, of architecture is not' at all suited to modern requirements. If Mr. Street had followed the line adopted in the erection of the new government office in Whitehall and elsewhere, the Iosb in beauty would have been more tha'u compensated Jby the gain in utility. ? ^ ? 