turf topics and anticipations. Br asmodeos. The attractions at Wyndham last Saturday aftornoon woro such as to bring together the largest attondanco that bos ever assembled on the local coarse. This cogent proof of popularity on tho part of tho flourishing institution worked under the directorship of Mr. Secretary Wall is particularly gratifying, and it Bhows that racing in tho " lnnd of the Chirnsides," like the kindred pastimo3 of conrsing and hunting, is still pur sued with the kccncBt enthusiasm. Fine weather, numerous fields and good racing characterised the proceedings, and but for tho lamontable death of young Rose, and tho accident to B&rlow; in tho Steeplechase, matters would liavo pasaod off with tho utmost Tho two occurrences alluded to cast a gloom ovor tho concluding pro ceedings, and at one timo it was thought the lost event on tho programmo, the Wcrriboo Park Handicap, would bo abandoned in conscquoncc. I bclicvo that Mr. Audrow Chirnside, one of the donors of tho stake, expressed a wiah to that o fleet. In alluding to tho racing, it may bo re. marked that Nymph gavo tho fielders a good turn in the opening event, though she was decidedly lucky in winning, for had Ard High got away on tonus with his field ho would havo more than re versed the head victory gained by Mr. Cook's filly. Thero was some merry firing between tho resi.oc»/v<! partisans of Stormbird and Merry Maid for the hui.-.'lte Aace, but" t'fio friends of both reckoned without Milter who wont out at 6 to 1, jumped away in advanco, and was never once headed, winning comfortably from tho forenamcd pair. Miller has improvod considerably Binco appearing at Elstcrnwick Park a fortnight pre viously, and possesses tho makings of a usofnl hnrdloracer. There was a fnrions run on Vor- duro for tho Wyndham Handicap, the force of money soon bringing tbe grey mare to 3 to 1. Subsequently a demonstration was initiated on behalf of Coriolanus, who was as genuinely sup ported, and eventually camo into slightly hotter d inland. Tho supporters of each wcro equally saiguinc, and tho pair -were freely backed ogaW tho field at evens. Both held goad posl- tir.m to tho homo turn, wlioro Vordnro cried peccati, hut Coriolanus going on Btrongly with tho leri the raco locked quite at his mercy to within?!) yards from home, when Bunny Boo, steered by Cracknoll, fairly dropped from tho clouds, art conclusively sottlod tho unreliable son of Tubal (lain. Once more tho noblo Roman thus placcl\his. friends in tho holo, and it is neodlcss to sty that tho fielders wero jubilant on the occasion of such a genuine surprise. Next followod tho fiteoplcchaso, tho contest for which was attended with such fata! results to tho rider of BunBhine. ,1a tho ahsonco of Ahdallah, Magio fully Wlisod tho oxpoctatien I expressed with regard to him, and his victory was an easy one. To was brought to the post in fine condition by T. Ferguson, of Hamilton, who is said to havo a fornidablo team of jumpers and othors in work at tho iresont timo. Cbloris was sorvod up red hot fortho Worribeo Park Han- dicap, and, making all lasto to land tho Btako, Cracknoll got away in frott, and romainod thcro till half way up tho strai&t;, whon The Ghost took it into bis bead to cut down tho favorito somewhat easily. This wo3' another good turn for tho ring, tho members of which had qnito a gala day among tho several poti that wero upset. Visitors to Wydnbam wero unfortunately mado to witness a molancholy spoctafle by tho sudden death of young Roso, who rode .Sunshine in tho Steeplechase, Tho fatal affair tool; place nt the fonco directly opposito tho grandstand. After striking tho fonco heavily tho horse turned a comploto somersault, tho unfortinito jockey boing instantaneously crushed to death, his faco and body presenting a painfully disfigured np-- appearance. Mr. Androw Chirnsido waaquickly on tho Bpot with his private carriage, aid had tho deceased removed to tho Racocourso lintel in chargo of Mr. Robort Howio, tho lad's employer. On Monday morning a magisterial inqury was hold and the body handed over to dcooasod's fathor, who conveyed the remains to Ballarat by the mid-day train. Roso was a vory promising rider, who had only jnst complctod his schooling practlco ovor tho big sticks, , Barlow, although not so ill fatod as his con- frlre who rodo Snnsliine, likowiso met with an accident whilst taking part in tho Steeplechase on Rocket, who felljhoavil:, brooking tho English jockoy's collarbono and otherwiso causing him serious injury. Barlow was conroyod to the Melbourne Hospital, where his injuries roceivod duo nttontion, and I am plcasod to say ho is on a fair way to rocovory, Barlow has boo most un fortunate sinco his arrival in this colony, for it is only recently that ho has beon alio to resume tho saddle after a protracted retirement through a broken leg. It is only lately that Barlow entered into an engagement to train and rido for Mr. Robert Chirnside, at Colac. Entries for tho V.R.O. "Winter Stccplochaso Meeting wcro roceivod on Monday and reached an aggregate of 1(15, or -within half a dozen of last year's total. If some little disappoiatment was felt by Mr. Byron Mooro at tho number of onirics fortho Maidon Hurdle Raco falling short of lost season's by no less than 10, tho inclusion in tho list of two such horses as Tho Plunger and Britisher makes ample amends for tho deficiency, each being an undeniable flier of the first water. Nominators, however, need not bo scared at tho unexpected prosencc of the clinking son of Argus Bcandnl, but should romomber that a still greater hero, the mighty Wellington, after being nomi- natedforthis same race twoyoars ago, obstinately refused to descend to tho "lopping" business, and had to bo withdrawn. So far, however, as Britisher is concerned, whilst his performances in the Metropolitan and other racOB in New South Wales clearly proved his speed, ho has of lato had tho advantage of location at Dowling Forest, whero thoy know how to tarn out jumpers who thoroughly understand their business. Amongst tho 10 candidates for this raco in addition to tho two mentioned oto Willeroo's relative, Thunder bolt, Mr. Inglis'a well known mare Brcnda, tho Worrnambool horse Barwon, nominated by Bob Sevior ; the sensational Terminus, whose tbro&t; was cat at Hay ; Mr. Cook's gelding, The Joker ; and tho Wostorn district roproscntativc, Mata dor, making up a Sold of maidens of most excep tional quality. Tbe Maidon Steoplochaso has attracted 20 as against 10 lost year, when, it will bo romcmbered, Coometc beat the level money favorito, Spring, by 100 yards. Black Jacket, who performed so well at tho Mclbourno Hunt Club meeting, is in tho list, and the well known hurdle racers BUzza, Lothair and Glonara, and sovcral five and six year old maidens who havo for some time post been schooling at Flcmington and olsewhoro. Tho Grand National Hurdle Raco has 21 en gaged, but this number is 8 less than last year, and nlthongh Ballarat as usual pro vides a formidable contingent, the field can scarcely be expected to equal that of last season, when amongst the starters who are absentees on this occasion wero Handy Andy, Dhurringhile, Rod Rover, P.G., Albyn and Discount. Rhesus, who won this raco last year, is however again on tho list, also Lothair, who ran second, Game, Lady Hampden, Bnzza, Trumpeter, Matador and Mr Weekes's recent purchase tho South Austra lian maro Triplet, so that a good contest is already assurod. The big dish of tbo feast, tbo Grand Na tional Steeplechase, bos secured an entry of 20 which is 8 more than last yoar, and a hasty glance down tho list is sufiiciont tot how that nearly all tho prominent cross country horBOS aro engaged. Sido by sido with tho wonder ful grey Simpleton appears tho latest Ballarat Bncccss, the brilliant Vanltcr ; Jfr. Jhltrsun _luv! entered old Trumpeter, tho hero of mana well foagiiiSl'H'j JIuwio has . tho two hurdlo racers Glcnara and Lothair as candidates for distinction ovor tho "big fences;" Cruiser, Fame and Australian Court aro old identities, although tho latter will be hotter re membered as 8tag ; Taxnraxaoum, who diatin- guishod himsolf on Wednesday, oomes from South Australia ; tho absurdly named Harper— Thomp son (late Hubbnb), and Coometo are in tbo list, also those tjvo consistent performers Alhambra and Chrysalis. Black Jacket, Obndiah ami others ess known to famo also appear amongst tho aspirants for Grand National honcrs, together with the Worrnambool marc Lizctto, and tho Bomowliat mysteriona Blackthorn, whoso supposod oxccllcnco the pablie have began to doubt of late. Surely from .'six and twenty cracks a field will assemble tbatwillmako tho Grand Nationalof 1883 the grandcststcoplcchosingspotaclce thathas ovor been witnessed in Australia, for I cannot remem ber having on anyproviouo occasion seen so fine an entry, far moire than compensating lor the falling off in the Hurdle Raco. Sixteen entries havo been rccoivodfortbeSelling Hurdle Race, including such excellent cattlo as Don Siiva, Eros, Wild Harry, Musidora, Dundreary, Morry Maid, Black Frinco. Stormbird and Hyllus, whoso pre3cnco alono would ensure a great con test ; and a splondid programmo concludes with an ontry of 13 for the Flat Rnco of one mile, to which 150 sovs. are added. Tbo training etables of Ballarat, Flomington and Caulfiold aro woll represented by Odd Trick, Egorton, Contossinn, 'Anglesey, Attach!, Mistake, Essex, Squireen, Tbo Ghost, Transferred and a best of othors, whilst Now South Wales contributes aworthy representative in Klngswortb, and Tnrrotficld comes from South Australia. On the whole tho entries for tho mooting aro eraiuontly satisfactory, and of quito sufficient quantity and quality to mako tho Grand National Mooting of 1833 oven a more brilliant success than either of its predecessors. , I am requested to notify that bookmakers aro required to forward applications at onco to bo registered for 1883 and 1881, for approval by tho V.R.O. committco at their mooting on Tuesday, 3rd July. Tho programmo for tho Wintor Stoeplccliaso Mooting of tho Victoria Amateur Turf Club appears in the advertising columns of The Leader to-day. Tho mooting, which takos placo on tho 18th August, will compriso fivo ovonts, to which in all 550 sovs. havo boon added. Tho Sapling Stakes for two-yoar-olds has 75 sovs. added, tho diatauco boing tlireo furlongs, and tho Handicap Hurdle Race Is epbsidiscd to tho snmo extent. A popular item in the programmo will be tbe Amateur Challongo Cup, a etcoplccbaso of about two miles, open to aU horses that havo been legiti mately hunted five times, during the season. As qualification for this ovont Tory properly depends upon the production "cf a certificate from tho master of the pack with whom hunted, the race will bo a gonuino Huntora' Steeplechase, lor which it will bo unavailing for any nominator, liko Dick Novillo, of whom Lindsay Gordon wrote, to Gall hunted fairly a horso that has barely Beon stripped for a trot within sight of tho hounds, and should bring to tho post tho cracks of tho Melbourne and Ballarat Hunt Clubs. To th? Soiling Raco tho club adds 100 sovs., tho card concluding with the Caulfield Grand National Steoplechasc, about two miles and a half, of 200 sovs. A remarkably neat little bill of faro, which in such a month as August will be most acceptable. Tho Victorian Patent Totalisator Company, after floundering abont amidstsboals.nnd breakers for a lengthened period, has at last become a total wreck. A vory "extraordinary" gonernl meeting of tho shareholders was held on Tuesday, at which Dr. Batho tendered his resignation as a director, and suggested tho winding up of the company, on tho apparently very sensiblo grounds that its patent right bad been sold by tho sheriff, and that thcro woro no funds to dofray liabili ties. But although theso appear to bo oxcellont reasons for winding up a club of this sort particu larly, not so thought Mr. Williams; a share holder, and a majority of those present. On Mr. Williams's motion it was decided to afford the club a new lease of lifo, the directors being aBkcd to resign. A general meeting of share- holders has boon appointed for tho 28th instant, at which it is understood tho affairs of the com pany aro to bo investigated and discussed. Mr. Bond received entries on Monday for tho Bracelet meeting to be held at Caulfield next Saturday, the result of which must havo been highly gratifying to the enthusiastic secretary of tho V.A.T.C. For tho Selling Race, with which the day's proceedings open, 11 horses havo beon nomi nated, including a number of well kDown per formers. Tho Hurdlo Raco has attracted 10, amongst whom appear tho names of Game, Triplet, Buzza, Miller, Stormbird and Black Prince, all winners dnring tho season, and as tho diBtanco is only a mile and three quarters, it is probable that, if Mr. Barnard i3 fortunate enough to apportion tho weightB satisfactorily, a dozen may bo ex pected to como to tbo post. The Victoria Gold Cop, valued at 100 guineas, has 10 ontries, and will doubtless oxcite the UBual emulation amongst our crack amateur horsemen. Hnnsnal attractions arc offered in tho Ladies' Trophy Raco this year, the first prize being a magnificont diamond bracelet, for which tbe club has paid 150 guineas, whilst the nominator oE tho second and third horses also roccivo hand some jewels. Tho consoqucnco has been tbe re ceipt of 57 nominations, jnst one more tban last year, when this race was inaugurated. Tbe dis tance is six furiongs, and as the various owners will oach and all cudeavor to give tboir fair nominators a run for the bracelet, I expect to seo considerably more than half the horses onterod put in an appoaranco on the heath, in which case a most interesting contest must ensue, Welcomo Jack, Transferred, Squireen, Liddington, Dongulston, Coorcena, Tho Ghost, Verdure, Nymph and a host of others having nt various times Bhown their ability to compass the three-quarters of a'milo in fast time. Porhaps the greatest (and certainly tho most satisfactory) surpriso, is tho splendid entry of 21 horses for tbo Open Steoplecbaso, including as it docs such good reformers as Vanltcr, Alhambra, Blackthorn, Abdullah, Harper— Thompson, Black J uckct and othors. in l.l'h- raco also tho distanco boing short (only two miles), thero is every' p"fj." bability of a big Sold facing Mr. Watson and concluding in most bocoming fashion a well and liberally arrangod day's racing, Tho mooting ofthe V.A.T.O. on Saturday next lids fair to bo carried out with greut success. His Excclloncy Lord Normanby, who was unable to attend tho Queen's Birthday mcoting of tho Melbourne Hunt Club at Flomington, has con sented to honor tbo cohrse with bis prcsouco, and so far as tbo managoracnt is concorned every possiblo ofiort bos beon mado to ensaro a saccoss which is certainly welt doserved. Mr. Bond- in forms mo that it bos boon decided to start tbo first raco at ono o'clock and as tho card contains fivo ovonts, tho last will bo storied at four o'clock. This i look upon us a most sonsiblo innovation, which at tho present season of tho yoar will certainly bo appreciated by owners, riders, and the public. Daring tho past low wooksmnny improvements havo been effoctod, tlio vordure-clad lawn and enclosures especially presenting a beautiful appearance. Tbo wbolo of tho Steeplechase course has been cleared of lioath and mown, whilst Mr Bond is busily engaged on tho now Bix furlong courso, which, wbou com pleted, will only have too torn, tberoby ensuring in tho futuro much larger fields than havo started heretofore at Caulfield in tho short races. Tho committocs of the Ballarat Turf nnd Hunt Clubs having determined to act in nnison respect ing tho proposod Winter Stoeplochaso Mooting to be bold at Dowling Forest on the 21st and 22nd September next, met last Saturday night at Craig's Hotel, tho rendezvous of many a similar gatboring in tho golden days that aro gono, and arranged an cxcollant programmo. On tho first day tbo ball will bo opened with a Selling Hurdlo Raco of 100 sovs., followod by tho Radios' Brace let Raco for a £50 trophy, which is restricted to amutoure only. Then comes tho Ballarat Turf nnd Hunt Club Cup of 100 sovs., also for amateurs of courso. Tho Handicap Hurdle Raco of 100 sovs. and a Novel Soiling Raco of SO sovs., half a mile, cancludo tho first day's pro grammo. On tho socond day tho Amateur Hurdlo Raco has 50 sovs. added. Tho Ballarat Handicap of ono mile 100 sovs., and than follows the pi- lee de resistance, the Grand National Stccplochaso of 200 sovs. (tiio gift o Mr. Martin Loughiin). This raco will bo about tlireo miles, and Ballarat having long boon acknowledged tbo homo of stoeplecbosing will certainly attract a largo field. The Ladles' Bag for nmatonr has boon presented by a number of ladios; nfli tho Maiden Stccplochaso of 75 sors. complotes4 remarkably well arranged programmo. Mr. E, Tt Barnard will frame alltho handicaps except thai for tho Hnnt Club Cup, which will bo left to (li stewards, who havo doubtless had the best 'dpi portunity of gauging the morits of mnny wh'd will bo competitors, Tho aggregate added money is £875, and considering the capital bill present/ tod by tho joint committocs, the meeting should receive oxtonsivo patronage both locally and froig, metropolitan sportsmen. At Bondigo, on Wednesday, tho hurdle raccit Wild Harry again Bpoilt what was looked upoi| as a rare good donblo with Vauller for tha Steeplechase, just 03 he did at Flcmington OH the Queen's Birthday. It speaks badly for tha chestnut's loyalty, tho socond disappointment occurring on tbo annivcrsay of her Majesty# Accession, whon he was as much fancied as rat the formor occasion. At tho lato Duncdin meeting the totaliaaUf paid ths liberal dividend of £159 6s. in return | ovory pound invested on the winner of tlio Trot,' It appears that a largo numbor of persons as- semhlcd on the Old Coarso at Adelaide to witnesi tho proposed match over the big sticks between Mr. R. Lowe's steeplechaser Tho Hawk and MrJ Cowan's Brigand. The owner of Tho Hawk laid £100 to £200 that he would beat Brigand, and .at tbo last moment MrCowan paid £50 forfeit, muck to the disappointment of sovoral hundred person3 who had assembled to witness thama'eli. Tlio Tasmania)!, Mail announces that a meet ing of the committee of tho Tosmnniati Racing Club was held recently, whon a letter from tho secretory of tho Tasmanian Turf Club, relative to adopting the rules of the Victoria Racing Club, was road, but as tho Tasmanian Racing Cinb has formed rnlo3 of racing based upon tbo Victoria Racing Club's rates as far ai prac ticable, with tbe proviso that any alterations in tbe latter club's rules bo incorporated in tha Tas manian Racing Club's rules, it was unneco -sary to take any action in the matter. It was pointed out that as a matter of course oach clut would havo to mako by-laws for itself as affecting ma nagement, Lotters woro atso read from a grntle- man interested in coursing rclatiro to obtaining El wick for conrsine meets, and one pointing ont the desirability of introducing the totalisate;-. The snmo journal notifios that sportsmen who are auxious that Tasmania shonld not be behind South Australia and New Zealand 03 regards the introduction of tbo totalisator as a moans by which tho funds of tho principal racing clnbs would bo enhancod will be pleased to know thai the matter has not been lost sight of by the com. mittoo of tho Tasmanian Racing Club. At a mooting of tho club, held the other day, tbo sub. jeet was again brought nndor tbo notice of tbo committco, who one and all signified their ap proval of tbo nsc of tbe totalisator both as a moans of revenuoand as an equitable means of spoculalion. Arrangements aro being made to get the instrument legalised during the cumiug session of Parliament, and those who would bo no party to enconrago gambling in any shapo or form need only bo reminded that sinco tho introdnctiou of tho totalisator clsowhero that vice has gradually become lessoned. Mem- bcrs of Parliament who aro interested in racing matters, and who would gladly soe tho sport flourish in Tasmania cannotbnt have been im pressed with the rapid strides towards advance, mont that have been mado by tho colonies where tho machine is in use. Now Zealand, for in stance, is now enabled to give away stokes almost equal in valae to its elder sisters in sporting mat- tors, mainly owing to the revenue returned by tho totalisator. Notwithstanding the opposition that will bo met with in Victoria, this colony will ere long yield to tho wishes of the many, and other of tho colonies aro sure to follow in its footsneps. IfourM.P.s will only give tho mat ter serious consideration tbey must come to tho conmu SuK.JSlt betting being almost an merit, ablo ovil, many of tho oBnbx"w&"JZr?.'V-L15®3 connected with it will be removed by tbe iuiro. - dnction of tbo totalisator. The 'Adelaide folks narrowly oscaped another postponomont, tho weather on Tuesday night being very stormy. A fine morning ensuing-, bowevor, tbo Accession Mooting como off satis factorily andwasprodactivo of agooddsy'e racing. LadyCarrington followed np her recent succossby winning tbo Hurdlo Raco, with Anon and Rifle.' man for her immediate attendants ; in tha Soiling Race Cardinal, Tho Lawn and Hawthorn finishod in tho order named ; tho Victoria Cup was won by The Israelite, with Agitation and Totalisator filling tho places, and one of tho best steeplechases ovor seen fell to the persistent Taxaraxacnm, who at last managed to got home first, bnt only just in front of Tho Joker, next to whom was Bob Coopor. Abo Davis, the trainer oE Josophine, has pur chased tho unreliable daughter oE ICelpio and Alpha from Mr. Joseph Harpar for £150. Re peated disappointment on the part of Joscphind is tho canse for Mr. Harper finally disposing of tho maro. Entries for tho Sandhurst Trotting Club Meet, ing, which takes placo on Wodncsday, tbo 4lk- July, must bo mado with tbo secretary to-das. Nominations for tho Doniliquin and Jorildoria Meetings respectively, close on Monday next til 25th inst. Mooroopna accoptanchs must bo mado next Fri day, tho 29th inst. Tha good ship Loch Torri-lon, .which cleared ont for Calcutta on Tuesday, took a fine lot of horses for tho Indian market, nnmboring in all ovor 300. Mossrs. Warren nnd Glasscock are tha shippers, tho former and Mr. W. Glasscock being also passongora in Captain Fattmnn's splendid clipper. A finer or more Buitablo lot have never loft theso shores, and in addition to sons and daughters of Panic, John Bnll, Lamhro, Bonnie Carlislo and other sires, a "numbor oE liorsos pur chased at Mr. Alox. Smith's rocont sola wcro on board. Porhaps tho most distinguished equine passenger was Handy Andy, who lias won al Flamington ovor hnrdlos and on tho flat. Mr. Samuol Gardinor, of Bundoora Parle, ha# leased bis colt by Tho Englishman — Uoydon t Mr. R. G. Talbot, who will havo him trained a! Ballarat. The two-ye-ir-old Goldfindorand Mr. Maitlands pair, Gudara and Sylvanus, left for India on ' w TOirannn.i I taoaday by tho mail steamer, in chargo of J. Elliott, who, after a sojourn in India, has just fcomploted a return trip to Victoria.' Sylvsnus, Being thought by his stable good enough to back 5>r the last Melbourne . Cup to win a largo stako, fehould bo a troublesomo customer to somo of tho Australian cracks inlndia, and that Gudarz will pay his espouses needs no foretelling, r Daring tho week a decided preponderance of ' Smoke over fire has been observable in regard to investment on the coming events of tho spring. Tho layers of odds aro still hard at work foisting ttpan their patrons 1000 to 5 for tho double, Derby and Cup, but actual transactions havo been bnt few and for between. Tho Derby has, however, been operated on straight out to somo Orient, Off Color having been supported ri any- thing over 6 to 1, and ho may now be (footed at that price, which is tho best offer. Warwick and Archie each remain nominally at 5 to 1. Bight- out betting on tho Melbourne Cup will probably remain a dead letter until tho weights aro de- ' elarcd, and the bookmakers, who appear to ogrco with Dr. Watts that "Satan finds somo mischief still for idle hands to do," havo been forced to ' fall back on "tho dogs." A somowhat novel double has boon initiated, tho events being tho Waterloo and Melbourne Cups, and although tho traditional "Lombard- street to a China orange" would be short odds compared to tlioso against naming tho two winners, the price offered (500 to 1) has induced a considerable amount of specula- lion. 