MY LADY'S PliOT; OB, thii Ghost of Diavolo Castle. CHAPTER XXXL— (continued.) It iras Mrs. Allingham that spoke. She had 'come upon the scene unnoticed by either, and just in time to stay the hot tide pouring over her Jeon'slips. , Doctor Allingham started, turned, looked SpreBolutely at her a moment, and then, train' jeoftened eyes and regretful voice, again addressed £Nina. * Pardon me !' he exclaimed, bending his Hiandsome head low over the hand he held, ' and !permit me to lead you to — ' ? Once more Mrs. Allingl-mm interposed. ' Give her time, Berthold !* she cried, gently. 'Give her a few -hours to think over what you h&vfc; said.' ^The intervention came none too soon. The still whiteness of Nina's face was terrible. -Appalled to the very depths of her pure soul by :t-he malignant wickedness the man had just ex hibited, she felt and looked like one suddenly turned to stone. . _At first Doctor Allingham' s brow darkened at his mother's persistent interference. But after a -moment's hesitation he prudently yielded. 1 It was perfectly clear to his eye that bis savage violence had caused the girl a serious shock. And it was just as clear to bis mind that a few hours of undisturbed quiet would fully prepare her to hear all that he had to say. His acquiescence was indicated by one word addressed to his mother : ' Brigitta/ he said. At the utterance of that word, Nina's stony gate left his1 face and eagerly followed Mrs. ?AJlingbam. - ~~ : The familiar name struck her ear with, a sense of relief. Compared with the man beside her/ Brigitta seemed to her an angel of light. The woman answered Mrs. Allingham's sum mons on the instant, and Doctor Ali-mghani at ipnce transferred Nina to her care. , He breathed a last warning in her ear. '. Remember, sweet/ he whispered, ' I shall to 'morrow claim a long interview.' The girl's sole reply was a quick shudder. _ The doctor saw it, and hip eyes followed her Vith a mingled expression of impassioned tender ness and fierce displeasure. The source of the latter was discovered in a single harsh ejaculation. ' The cur !' he muttered. ' She might have loved me but for him !' ? Mrs. Allingham broke in upon his meditations with a quick, sibilant whisper, and a light touch upon his arm. ' 'Waste no time !' she' said, her wonderful eyes blazing excitedly into his. ' To attempt to win her is folly 5 — worse than folly ! She will die sooner than yield. Just now she is shocked, and half stupefied by your savage impetuosity. To morrow she will defy you. Stand prepared for that defiance. Be in readiness to strike the flTm.i blow to- morrow.' Young Allingham gazed at her with doubtful, ?anxious eyes. ' To- morrow j' he breathed. ' Oh ! how can I ? ?I love her. I would spare her.' * Spare her ! Spare her to your own loss, And—' That fiery, contemptuous reply was cut short t-y the doctor with a single mute, hurried gesture. With that gesture he sank upon one of the stone benches and buried his face in his hands. Mrs. Allingham watched him in a hushed, breathless silence. Presently he dropped his hands and looked up at her. His lips were pale, and, when he spoke his voice low and agitated. * You are right,' he said. ? It shall be to morrow.' Mrs. Allingham's deep blue eyes blazed now with eager satisfaction. \- * To-morrow at midnight ?' she cried, f ' To-morrow at midnight !' he answered. ' CHAPTER XXXII. A BBAVE CHOICE. It was midnight. In the elegant reception room in which Nina Imd first met the handsome and cultured master ;©f Diavolo Castle she now stood face to face with Idm, bis helpless captive. Her lovely features were pale as death, but wore a look of undying resolution, while her eyes burned with a fire that nothing could quench. In every respect she had justified Mrs. Alling ham's opinion of her. 'X'he quiet and calm to which Brigitta had im mediately left her the previous day had, as Mrs. Allingham had anticipated, restored not only her shaken strength, but her native spirit. To become her abhorred persecutor's bride was as far from her intentions as to supinely remain his captive. She therefore once again addressed herself to the task of solving the problem of her desired escape. It all ended as it had ended a thousand times before. The ruined court-yard was useless, bo far as she had been able to discover. The castle locks were 'staunch, as she had proved; and, lastly, Brigitta* s 'restraining hand was firm as iron. There was but one avenue open to her — the chasmed bluffs. She shuddered as Bhe thought of it. Using all the hangings and bed clothing which she could .during the night knot together, it would yet be a wild swing above them. It was like taking a leap into eternity, so sure seemed the chance of her destruction. But better that dreadful chance, Bhe thought, than the fate Dr. Allinghfti^ had marked out for her. Fully determined upon this alternative, she accompanied Brigitta to his presence without an objection, late and unseasonable as was the hour he had fixed for the interview. She found him alone, the doors- closed, the -hangings dropped, and the great room dismally 'lighted by a single sconce. And now, proudly at bay, she stood facing him ?in her-eplendid loveliness and peerless grace. One after another successive entreaties and threats had been passionately urged, and one .after another each had failed. Superb in her gentle majesty, she braved him j-with unblenobing front, and one 6tem- uncom ifromising answer; ' I love another/ she said. ' I will never marry you.' ; At last, lashed to a fury by that inflexible ^ply, he seized her roughly by the arm..1 'Never?' he shouted. 'Think again! Tbinfci-' 'I think/ interjected Nina, with proud, calm, emphasis, 'that death— that a thousand deaths would be preferable to the horror and disgrace of being your wife I' 'You do? Then—' : Before Doctor Allingham could complete that furious outburst the drawing-room hangings sud denly trembled and suddenly parted. ? The intruder was Mra. AULogham. ' * . * One moment/ she interposed authoritatively extending her hand, and advancing to the p⁢ ?with pale lips, but calm air. ' One moment, Ber thold !' ' ; Fiercely impatient as he was, Doctor Ailing ham looked at her in a-mute surprise. ' ? ' Her next words were addressed to Nina. * There is one thing/ she Baid, speaking in the same even tones with which she had silenced; Doctor Allingham — 'there is one thing. Miss; ^ Deauohamp. of which yon are not aware, aid which, when known, may have the effect of lead ing you to a more favourable eonridaratton of my son's suit. I allude to the cause of your removal from your father's house to Diavol6 Castle.' In the momentary pause that she made, Nina cried, hastily, bitterly : - ; ' I am only too wellTiequainted with -that cauee, Mrs, Allingham. I—' - 4 ; Mm. Allingham quietly interposed. '; ? 'Pardon me/ she said, her blue eyes flaming full and balef ully into the girl's. 'You are not .acquainted with it. The oausa, -Migs Boao schamn, wasyeurowa 0endition/ :-???? rTMy «wB«onaitloaf' (devly echoed tnegui, in1 ?put ?mattmtrtt vnft titt-r aonfusion of mind. ..-a \- 'Ton remember, perhaps/ quietly 5 pursued BeauchamJ, 'thai; whisper cent you to Diavolo Castle/ Nina, chilled with a nameless terror, Etared at her, ;but uttered not a sound. . - . Doctor Allingham looked from one face to the other, and then, With a sudden, fleeting smile, loosed his grasp upon Nina's frail wrist, and com posedly folded his arms. Mrs. Allingham proceeded. Drawing a step nearer, leaning a hand's length closer^ she spoke — ' Miss Ijeauchamp/ Bhe said, her voice low and sibilant as a serpent's hiss—* Miss Beauchamp, :you are mad 1 Because you are mad you were sent to Diavolo Castle.' . The frightff ul words were uttered. But still Nina stood motionless and speechless. Her stony, vacant gaze -fixed immovably upon Mrs. Allingham's exulting countenance, she went back, in one lightning-like moment, to the past. Jn that moment she read all its mysteries. But still Bhe stood voiceless. Still she stood motion less. No horror had ever been like this horror. Carelessof the girl's evident agony, Mrs. Ailing* ham once more resumed. _? -. ' Erecting the stately form, just bent so breath lessly toward 'her victim, she cried, haughtily, mockingly i ' Which do you choose. Miss Beauchamp — the haven of my son's name and love, or the haven of — the mad- house ?' Those words of Mrs. Allingham effected what all her previous words had failed to effect. They aroused Nina from the ecstacy of horror in which she had thus far been held. In one moment she had drawn her slight, ele gant person to its full height. In one moment the red blood -had . coursed richly back to her pallid cheeks and lips. In one moment her eyes were ablaze, and her voice, sweet and clear as a bugle-blast, had rung out upon the dead silence 'of the room. ? wnicnr ' Yes ! which ! ' lotidly echoed young Alling ham, taking fire at her look and tone, and hastily advancing a pace. 'The haven of my name and love, or the haven of a mad-house ?' Heedless of the interruption, and her eyeB un flinchingly fastened upon Mrs. Allingham's, Nina repeated the question, answering it the next mo ment in these words : . -.- - 'I will tell you ! The toad-house, Mrs. Alling ham ! — the mad-house, ten thousand times over !' That bold reply had. scarcely crossed her lips when Dr. Allingham's strong, relentless grasp was placed upon her shoulders. Fiercely, harshly he answered :. ' The mad-house it shall not be, senseless girl/ he cried: ' The mad-house it shall not be ! Your fate is on your own head. Come and see. Come andreadyOnr doom as tongue of mine could never pourtray it.' Speaking those fierce words he whirled her swiftiy towards the drawing-rooms. As he did so, Mrs. Allingham hastily preceded him, and with one quick movement swept aside, the hangings, from behind which she had just issued. A deadly chill at her heart, and a deadly pallor upon her beautiful faoe, Nina was hur ried on. They entered the drawing-room. Mrs. Allingham followed, the hangings silently slipping from her grasp and shutting them within the fatal apartment. The first room was shrouded in an inky dark ness. But through the slightly drawn hangings separating it from the second came a faint ray of strange, dusky light. The next instant, rushed relentlessly on by Doctor Allingham's powerful hands, Nina had penetrated the dread-appalling scene concealed beyond. As she involuntarily shrank back, Doctor Al lingham burst into a harsh, derisive laugh. 'No, no!' he cried, passing one arm firmly about her waist. ' You won't think of running away ? You, who have boldly declared a prefer ence for the grave and the mad-house, will surely be able to composedly view such a trifle as that !' 'With those mocking words pouring rapidly over his lips, he pointed to the object on which Nina's dilated eyes were already wildly riveted. CHAPTER XXXm. A. FBIGHTFUL FIKAtiS. The scene upon which Nina so fearfully gazed, was one well designed to terrify. - A siDgle swinging lamp lighted the drawing room, a lamp shaded by a black globe, and so ad justed as to throw the whole apartment into in tensest shadow, save where one long, slanting ray fell in a pale, sickly glow upon — an open coffin ! The coffin lay upon its cloth- covered trestles, and near it rested the lid. As relentlessly as he had hurried the girl into the room, he now hurried her to that lid. With a low, mocking laugh he pointed to the broad silver plate. With another, he read the name. «. ' Nina Beauchamp !' ' he cried, harshly. * You see it there in plain letters ! What have yon now to say ?' Putting that question he turned her, half roughly, naif tenderly, toward him. Thus forced to reply, she did bo. Her eyes shining like two burning suns from heir white, rigid face, she steadily met his gaze, and steadily answered. ♦Better the grave/ she said, hoarsely, 'better the mad-house than your defiling love*! Kill me if you will!' For an instant Doctor Allingham stood mute, looking at h«r in a sudden glow of irresistable admiration. The momentary silence was broken by Mrs. Allingham. Speaking in soft, derisive tones from the foot of the cofiin, she said, quickly : * Ell her!' Those two words aroused Doctor Allingham to action. He burst into a harsh laugh. With that laugh he suddenly drew Nina a step nearer the cofiin. : 'Lookatit!' hecried. ' Look at it well ! Per haps you will then change your mind 1* The girl looked, scarcely seeing the ghastly object through the creeping mist that nung before her vision. She spoke. More slowly, more faintly, but no less emphati cally, Bhe repeated her words. ' Better the grave, better the the mad-house-, than your dentine: love I ' she 6aid. Weak and uncertain as the tones were, they again arossed Dootor Allingham to an uncontrol lable fury. ? Dragging her close to the cofiin he pointed within. . 'Look I' he_cried, fiercely. 'Look into the depths in which* you will lie buried and forgotten tiUr-* ' That savage address was cut'short by a shriek so-loud, bo anrill, so blood-curdling that he in voluntarily loosed his grasp upon Nina and stag gered back. At the same instant, and with the cry still upon her lips, Brigitta rushed from behind the drapery of one of the windows. . \- With startling eyes and one raised hand point ing to the curtained archway, she flew toward the group in the frantic effort to reach the corri dor door. ; .' . In a hushed, questioning alarm all turned and all looked. . The look froze the blood in their veins. Mrs. AUJTigrTinm glared in a stony stillness from the foot of the coffin ?' Dr. Allingham glared in a stony stillness from the side of the coffin ; Nina fell unnoticed Into a chair. Among the duskiest shadows, and ret in foil, bold relief against the red hangings, loomed the ghoet of Diavolo ! ,'.'?.. Wrapped in its .ghastly winding-sheet, and with its ghastly face, and cold, glassy eyes turned full upon the horror-stricken group, iteboodon^ dread moment immovable. T-e next A soft, sighing breath seemed to fill the loom. 'The light flared wildly. The hang lBgrshook upon their fods.- - . :?? ,,, p-'he j$ar| .tjw ^ivid lips parted, the ghostly voice spoke'!' ' A ''' ' ^ ' In deep, hollow, unearthly .tones one word vi brated upon the awful silence!1 ; vP0»,3twfc!B, Jhripe , Mb issued from those U»lds ' Beware J — Bewarei*1— Beware ] '. . ... '- been uttered when, in a breath, in the twinkling ofea&«TO'£t «ai dtfogkt «$-*!£ AbltoB&^&d;**- eohoed-w _*, ahri^- walling ery from the room* .. 'Oh, great heavens I* ga«ped Mrs. AUIngh&m;, in gurgling tones. At the sound of that familiar voice Doctor Al Hngham'B stiffened features relaxed. But before he could collect; himself, before heoottld stir, a great rtuh of wind seemed, to oatcb. the hangings. Sweeping them Wildly into the zoom, and with them the ghastly form of Diavolo's ghost. a At the same instant a black cloud rose in the air and the lamp fell to the floor with a crash. The scene was wrapped in an impenetrable darkness. Out of that darkness the ^ dread voice, with its dread echo, once more, and for the last time sounded warningly upon the awful silence. ' Beware !' it said. ' Beware ! Beware !' Again the soft, sighing breath seemed to fill the room. Again the hangings rustled upon their rods. Then all was still. For a. little the stillness remained profound. Not a movement told of the presence of the living. - Its very oppressiveness aroused Doctor Alling ham to action. Word for word he hoarsely repeated Mrs. Allingham's shocked ejaculation. With the ejaculation he jerked from his pocket a little silver safe of wax vestas. His unsteady hand at first failed to strike a light. At the second effort he proved more successful. As the tiny flame blazed up he shot one hasty, shrinking glance toward the hanging. He drew a breath of relief, and looking neither to the right nor to the Utt, dashed to one of the sconces, never pausing unliJ lie had lighted half a dozen. The nan; mi glow restored his shaken courage. ' Some infernal triok !' he cried, fiercely. ' No 1' said Mrs. Al]inp4in.7n He hurriedly wheeledand looked at her. Her voice had shocked him, but her face shocked him still more,. ' No !' she repeated, in the same terrible ac cents. ' No 1 It waB your father i I have seen him before ! Brigitta has seen him before 2 Franz — ' \- She stopped there. Her eyes, in hurriedly and furtively sweeping the room, had all at once fallen upon the supine form of Brigitta. Doctor Allingham's eyes followed hers. In a moment ghostly terrors fled. In a moment both had been recalled to the suspended business of the night 'Ninal' cried both, in a breath. That one word was spoken in startled surprise, but without anxiety. As they knew, every door was locked, and there was but one place for her to flee to — her own chamber. Doctor Allingham hurried to Brigitta, bent over the prostrate form an instant, and then turned to his mother. ' It is only a swoon/ he said hastily. ' Attend to her while I ferret out tbig infernal mystery. And mind] Stay here till J return with Nina. I am not done with her yet.* As he spoke those concluding words he roughly swept aside the hangings and disappeared. He found both rooms in darkness. Pausing only long enough to re-light the sconces, he took a hasty survey of each, and then catching a candlestick from its bracket in. the reoeption room, hurried to the corridor. It was some time before he returned. I When he did, it was with ghastly, rigid face and blazing eyes. Mrs. Alungham, who was restlessly pacing the floor in front of Brigitta's chair, stopped short with paling lips. She looked, at him an instant, her beautiful face growing as white and rigid as his own. Presently her stiff lips parted. She spoke five awful, hushed words : ». * So — -you have killed her !* she gasped. Not a sound broke the frightful silence. Mute and motionless, the two glared at each other. Mute and motionless, Brigitta glared at both. After a little Doctor Allingham stirred. Heavily, and with slow, faltering step, he went close to Mrs. Allingham. Heavily, like one who needed support, ho dropped his hands upon her shoulders. He bent his lips to her ear; he whispered three terrible words. Mrs. Allingham expected the worst, but she, nevertheless, fell back as at a blow. V7u, great ueaveiu i but) wetuuy saspea. Again there was a silence. But all at once Mrs. Allingham's ' countenance changed. Her eyes biased with a sudden light ; her cheeks flamed with a sudden carmine.. She laughed harshly. * What matter T ehe said. ' Portland Place will see a fine funeral, at which the chief mourners will cover rejoicing hearts, and Beau champ vault will for ever kwp the secret of this night. What matter? We shall reap the golden harvest, Berthold.* ' Yes/ whispered Doctor Allingham, his white face bowed, and his arms folded over his chest, ' yes, Beauohamp vault will for ever keep the secret of this night.' CHAPTEB XXXIV. A fcOVHB'B AXauiBH. Using Mrs. Allingnam's prophetic words, Port land Place had witnessed a funeral at which the chief mourners covered rejoicing hearts, and in Beauchamp vault was buried the secret of that dread night at Diavolo Castle. One morning, about 10 days subsequent to this event, a young man ran hastily up the steps of Sir Bobert's palatial residence, and seized the doorbell He was well above medium height, slight and elegant in person, and with a face remarkable for its nobls, manly beauty. His complexion was dark to Bwarthinessj his clustering hair, beard and moustache black as a raven's wing j and his Sne eyes, just now sparkling with nappy im patience, of the same -dark hue. He drew the bell with a vigorous impetuosity that called a frown to the brow of the lazy porter, and brought the butler to a full stop while cros sing the Kali. But as the door fell open under the porter's hand the old butler's wrinkled visage suddenly changed from disapproving curiosity to a look of mingled amazement and pity. The porter, only recently installed by my lady, cleared his brow as he faced the elegant applicant for admittance, and stood in obsequious expectation. But before the latter tad spoken three words of the eager inquiry he desired to make, his sparkling eyes fell upon the butler. ' Ah I ' he exclaimed, his countenance lighting with frank pleasure. As he uttered that ejaculation he unceremo niously passed the porter, and the next instant was soaking the old man warmly by the hand. ' Why, you are growing young again, Bruff/ he laughed, crying directly, as he all at once noticed the. man's blank look s. ' But I hope, Bruff, my long-planned surprise is not going to affect everybody else as extraordinarily as it. does you. If I were the fabled Gorgon you could scarcely—* He stopped there. A strange, subtle change in Bruff's countenance had at last frightened him. A dull pallor creeping over his swarthy features, he caught the turner again by the hand.' ' . ' Bruff,' he burst out, hoarsely, abruptly, * why do you look at me P * Again he broke off. He had suddenly noticed the man's new mourning. In almost fainting tones he asked the question torturing his mind. ' Miss Nina ! Hiss Beauchamp !' he said. ' Is — in she well?' Bruff 's face answered plainly enough in Its sor row and pity. But the questioner refused to ac cept that silent reply. Goaded to an agony by hie suddenly aroused fears, he caught the butler roughly by the enoul der. » ' Why don't you answer tab f he oiled, chok ingly. * Where is your voting mistress ? How is sheP' ?-.'-.? . Bruff answered In low, sorrowful accentb : ?She is dead, sir/ ' Dead f echoed the young fellow, in sharp, an Sxdtbisagta&c;*. ,'Peadt IPs a lie ! a cmel lie ! Unsay it I1 In his fcanticagony he gave the old man a fierce shake. * ^ Brafffeeyesfilledwlftb.pItytng-te&iB.; Hetadly shook his head. He 6adl- answered. * She is dead, Colonel DoTereux/ beiepatfed. 'Deadpadlniiiea/ ? , 'Dead and buried I Dead and burled I My JTina I ay dsjdiag 1 my lore! Ob, it can't—it x&nWSca;*X*-' '? '??'- ; ? '-?? '?' -' ' '?? ???' loosed bis grasp upon Bruffs shoulder, and stag gered weakly back. The cry reached Sir Bobert in his library and Lady Beauchamp in the morning room close by. As Sir Bobert hurried to the young officer by one door, my lady appeared at the other. ' This is a great shock, Norman/ said the baro- ? net, . hoarsely, as he .caught and wrung the colonel's icy hand. ' I wish I had known ox your coming. I wrote you as soon — as soon as we heard,' The colonel looked at him with eyes suddenly grown hollow and lustreless. 'I thought to ffive her a pleasant surprise/ he said, huskily ; 'and now — oh, how can I bear it!' he all at once added. Sir Bobert silently drew him into the library. But he refused to be seated. To and fro he went, striding with swift, unflagging steps up and down the long room. At last the baronet forced him into a chair. As he did so he laid his wrinkled hand kindly on that of his guest. He spoke : ' It is well with her there, Norman/ he said. 'It would not, it could not have been well with her here.' The sad, painful significance of that concluding declaration won Norman Devereux from the contemplation of his grief with something like ' a shock. ' What do you mean, Sir Bobert ?' he asked quickly. Sir Sobert seated himself before answering. His indomitable pride. made it a hard task to utter the words he nad Bworn should never pass his lips even to Norman Devereux. But in the presence of the young man's terrible grief, pride yielded to the desire to bestow Buch consolation as he could. When he Epoke it was to put a tremulous ques tion : ?You remember her mother's Bad death?' he asked. Colonel Devereux answered, wonderingly, in the affirmative. There was another slight pause, and then Sir Bobert spoke again. Leaning from his chair he once more laid his thin, wrinkled hand upon the young officer's. ' Don't grieve so Badly, Norman/ he said, his voice husky with repressed emotion. cBejoice rather — I do. Nina, also, died insane/ For a full minute the two men sat gazing at each other in a woeful silence. Sir Eobert was the first to move. With a long, deep-drawn sigh he fell back again in his chair. With a shuddering breath Norman Devereux spoke. ' Great heavens ! did she die at — * Sir Bobert broke in upon the choking words. ' No ! no ! no ! * he cried,- the proud blood stain ing his pale cheeks. 'It was, thank Heaven, kept a profound secret. She died in Germany, and among friends, though very suddenly, as Jeffries had forewarned us she might/ Making that prefatory explanation, the baronet rose and went to his writing table. In a minute he returned with an open letter. He placed it in Norman's hands. 'This/ he said, feelingly, 'was Doctor Alling ham's letter, following immediately upon his des patch, announcing the event. You will eee that her death took place while quietly walking with I the doctor and his mother in the court-yard. When you have read it/ he continued, ' I will tell you all that I heard from their lips ; for, much to my gratifcation, they accompanied the poor child's body, and remained with us until the close of the funeral services.* Norman Devereux read the letter with dry eyes and rigid features. He returned it to Sir Bobert in silence. . Then, leaning his elbow upon the cushions of the chair, he sat for a little shading his face with his hand. Presently, his head still bowed, he spoke. * Tell me all/ he said, his deep, unnatural tones expressive of an almost uncontrollable emotion — ?.Tell me all, from the beginning of — of — ' His lips refused to utter the terrible words, and he concluded abruptly — fto the end — to the List moment of her sweet life !' Sir Bobert sadly obeyed, not failing to award my lady due praise. He ceased with a .broken account of the last rites in Beauchamp vault. As he did so the young colonel spoke again. 'Did she look herself?* he asked, falteringly, raising his head and gazing at Sir Bobert. ' Herself, and heavenly sweet.* For the first time a dimming moisture rose to Norman's eyes. Sir Bobert continued. ' You no doubt remember her frequently ex pressed wish in regard to her burial P' he said interrogatively. Norman Devereaux silently bent his head. ' Those wishes/ pursued the baronet, ? were strictly regarded. But through the softening tulle that covered her face, the lovely calm and naturalness of the features VeouLd be distinctly seen. The body/ he continued, 'was partially embalmed, and inclosed within ~an interior and air-tight coffin of glass.' Norman Devereux rose to his feed with a sharp breath sadly like a sob. * I must look upon her onoe more I' he ex- . claimed, quickly, chokingly. He walked to the window and stood there for a little quite silent. Presently he returned and held out his hand to Sir Bobert. His swarthy face was still fixed in its dull, dead pallor, and his eyes met the baronef s with a lustreless earnestness. 'Life has but one charm for me/ he said. 'The remembrance of my lost Hn.riyn'g \' He paused in the effort to control his emotions. He resumed. 'From here/ Be continued, ' I go to Saville Bow. It will be a sorrowful satisfaction to converse with the doctor. He was the last to see her in life — ' He suddenly checked himself, Baying quickly the next moment: 'No, not the last. Her kind friends, the Allinghams, were the last !' He stopped there with slowly brightening countenance. His next low, husky words ex plained the change. ' One visit to her last resting-place, Sir Bobert/ he said, ' and then I will seek the 6pot hallowed by her closing days. A few hours amid those sacred scenes, and I return to India forever 1 Farewell, Sir Bobert — in this world we shall never meet again.' At the moment that he spoke those concluding words Lady Beauchamp stole noiselessly from the door leading to the morning room, and made her swift way back to that apartment. Her first aot was to seat herself at her writing desk. A smile of malevolent triumph curling her lip, she hastily oaught up a pen. The smile all at once broke into a laugh. ' Let him look on her dead face P she muttered. 'It will never call her to life! Let him talk to Dootor Jeffries ; let him maunder about Diavolo Castle ; let him do it all ! It will serve to com j fort him, poor love-sick fool, and can never harm me !' With those words Lady Beauch∓ hastily penned a telegram addressed to Dr. Allingham, and signed, ' Dolores.' The telegram written, she scrawled a few Iine3 to Mrs. Allingham. Both telegram and letter reported the purpose of Colonel Devereux to visit Diavolo Castle — the former covertly, the latter openly, and with tiie suggestion that he should be received and entertained in the most hospitable manner. As the letter was intended to catoh the next mail it was necessarily brief. Its contents were strictly confined to the points mentioned, save a passing remark upon the unexpectedness of the colonel's arrival and the Impelling motive of his trip to Germany. She signed, sealed, and addressed it with all haste, and then flew upstairs with it and the tele gram to Dolores. ... The woman despatched upon her errand, she went back to the morning room with a relieved mind. . * It's .important that they should receive a little warning,' she thought. ' Diavolo Castle is not the place to be surprised fey visitors of Colonel Devereux's stamp !' - - ? ? With that thought she opened the door. As ehe did so. Sir Bobert, pale and distressed ap peared in search of her at the one leading to the library. . ,: I . Uttering a little cry of tender aftkfoty slifr tan tomeetlim. - - ? --. :- . At the same moment another mseting, and one , o! most sinister import to her, took plaoe within a few yards of her own palatial homel 