TURF GOSSIP. TBt Trumpator.1 Quite a batch of weights saw the light on Monday afternoon. The Melbourne Cup of course takes precedence over all other races, and in sporting circleB this week criticism of I the weights has been confined to the great handicap of Australia. The 0 st. 7 lb. mini mum has made itself very -unpleasantly felt in the case of some horses, and I doubt very much if the new rule will be found to work satisfactorily. Hot much objection can be raised to adoption of a 0 st. minimum, but j with a handicapper bound to keep the j rubbish on a 6 st. 7 lb. mark, it is impossible to give very many oi the nominators a fair chance. Reform was required, perhaps, in the first instance, but the re formers appear to have gone too far. Now that Darebin has bid farewell to the Turf Commotion is indisputably the "most fit and proper horse" to take his place at the head of the Melbourne Cup weightB. It is some years since any horse has been allotted ] 10 st. in the great handicap, and we may wait a long time before we see anything | so well qualified to race under a thumping weight as Commotion. None of the horses between the top weight and Stock well are likely to be fastened on to as well in, but the | Tasmanian-bred chesnut appears to have a decided chance. Lower down Cunnamulla ! is not badly off, but he has never figured to advantage at Flemington, and Boolka is only brilliant-up to a mile. Comet and Mas querade seem pretty well off, and Colstoun if he can stay would read like possessing a j great chance. Archie heads the two-year olds at 8 st. 3 lb., and with the handicap 6 lb. higher than last year, he is handicapped upon a pound better terms than Segenhoe was at 7 st. 12 lb. Warwick gets 3 lb. from his* stable companion, and at 8 st. horses like First Water and Calma cannot complain. Off Colour, Pollio, Dirk Hatteraick, and Coriolanns have come off very well, and lower down Jessie and Prometheus must be considered to be Bplendidly handicapped. Below this lot there is only a stone to choose between ninety-one horses, the jumbling up of so many reminding one a good deal of the catch-weight principle resorted to in hack races. Mr. Scarr has the privilege of descending to 6 st., and consequently he keeps Com motion below 10 st. Navigator receives 6 lb. from the Champion winner, and Pell Mell 10 lb. Segenhoe, Sir Modred, and the second division generally, come off better than in the Cup, and if Segenhoe has really returned to his best form there is no reason why he should not make a good bid for the Metro politan under 8 st. 10 lb. Lower down Nicholas is nicely handled, and Gipsy Cooper has a luxury in 7 st. 4 lb.; but the distance is probably a bar to his success. The three year-olds are very lightly treated, and it seems quite on the cards that a good filly like Duenna may repeat the Amendment feat of 1877. The Grand National weights appeared at the same time as those for the Melbourne Cup, and were consequently relegated to ob livion nntii the more important subject had been thoroughly discussed. For the big Steeplechase that grand horse Simpleton naturally heads the list, and 12 st. 10 lb. is no more than his performances have fairly earned. When he won at Flemington for the first time Simpleton looked jnst cut out for carrying a handy weight over hurdles, but after beginning with if st. 10 lb. he kept on winning over big fcnceB, and his last victory was gained under 12 st. 12 lb. at the compli mentary meeting in honour of Sir Hercules Robinson. With 13 st. 2 lb. he had to give way to Himalaya, 9 st. 10 lh., at the Spring Meeting in 1S80; and again on New Year's Day the gigantic grey won, but on each occasion Simpleton was equal to disposing of the rest of his field. Lothair. the Champion Hurdle racer, has been placed 5 lb. b^low Simpleton; and if, like Sussex, be is as much athome over timber as hurdles, the big son of Epigram will take high honours, for he possesses pace enongh to run j over the top of the ordinary steeplechaser. ' Trumpeter at 12 st. is another good horse, and then we come to the Vaulter and Harper : Thompson class, between whom it is very | difficult to pick. I see the long-talked of Fame is handicapped at 10st, while oar old friend Stag, now called Australian Court, is let off with 9 st 9 lb. Both these horses j are in the bands of Corrigan, and one of the pair may be heard of in connection with the race. Lothair has been allotted 12 st 9 lb. in the Hurdle Rase, and- remembering the ridiculous ease with which he won in the Bpringnnderllst. 12 lb. this weight seems reasonable enongh. Game's hollow defeat of Don Pedro last March has gained him 12 st. 5 lb., while Rhesus and Euzza are on the Fame mark'at 11 st. 9 lb.' Lowerdown Baailiek seems fairly dealt with at 10 St. 2 lb.; but there are so many unknown horses in the race that a paper estimate' of the chances is out of the question. When the Ballarat division make a genuine move in the market the winners may he' selected, but nntil then the probable donble is securely hidden from the sight of those -who possess no stable information. The Ghost's brilliant victory at Caulfield on Saturday has caused Mr. Barnard to put him up to9 st. 121b. in the Flat Race, and his Btnhle1 companion, Transferred, comes in for 9 st. 9 lb. What a certainty the race would be for Mistake iu the form he displayed in . Sydney as a two year- old. The racing at Mount Gambier on Wednes day seems to have been very successful, aud the residents are evidently, very pleased with their new course. Good fields and close finishes were the order of the day; bat there was no betting, and only £480 went through' the totalizator. South-Eastern sportsman evidently love racing for its own sake. Blue Stocking won the Flying Handioap, but her condition would not bring her home in the Blue Lake Handicap. 1 hope, now that this fine mare has shown signs or -coming back to form, that Mr. Hutchison will send, hcr back to Adelaide. Trigger's defeat in the Steeple chase is hard to account for, unlesshe broke down. Sword fish was the only other horse that wont straightj aiid' he won ; but hal King of Trumps not" fallen it-would have been a soft thing for the- old hurdle racer. Schobeloff won the Hurdles, and as Banker ran a great -race with him-nnder 11 st. the form niuBt be only moderate, as Freedom could always hold Banker in check. Anon was never iu the hunt, but that proves nothing, as she ran last all the way when Triplet won, and a month later came out and finished second to Lady Carrington, with Cracksman and Lord of Clyde behind her. On Thursday Roscommon won the Bracelet and Sundowner the Hurdles, while the Han dicap fell to Maid of the Mist Triplet started first favourite for the Hurdle Race at Caulfield on Saturday, but had to put up with second place, the winner turning up in Bnzza, who, according to Mr. Barnard, is something oat of the common. Abdallah failed under *12 st. 12 lb. to follow up his Adelaide victories in the VictorianGold Cap, but the GhoBt kept up our reputation by winning the Ladies' Trophy in brilliant style from forty-one opponents. The long legged chesnnt roan has done good service to , different owners since Mr. John Thompson picked him np in Adelaide, aad he is another instance of the successful results attending the cross between the Wild Dayrell and Sir Hercules'e blood. The Ghost is by Tro geagle by Wild Dayrell, and his dam Ada was By the imported Darkie, a son of Sir Her cules. In the open Steeplechase Vaulter's comb w as cut by General Jackson—a horse hailing from the same stable as Sailor, Colstonn and Hlusion were sold to dissolve a partnership on Tuesday, the pair fetching 1,000 guineas, Mr. Harslett was in Adelaide this week, and he tells me that after a spell of two months Tancred is as.fresh and well as ever. He is in training now for Qnorn and Port 1 Augusta. Mr. Harslett has also got Clifton in work for his Port Augusta engagement. The Joker ran a nail into his foot on I Tuesday, and is not likely to be recovered in time to run at Port Augusta. Owners are reminded that on Monday neat acceptances and general entries for the Port 1 AugvBta Meeting mnBt be made. ! Backers of Segenhoe for the Melbourne ; Cup have bitten their fingers, as the brother 1 to Richmond, together with Morpeth and The Drummer, was Btruck ont at 12.15 p.m. on Tuesday last. Bnndoora has also been scratched. The adjourned debate on the totalizator did not come on last Wednesday. It has been made an Order for next Wednesday. Mr. Gilbert's party are very confident that they will succeed in passing their BilL Peti tions from various religious bodies, praying the House to pass the repeal of the Act, were presented on Wednesday. Talking of the totalizator reminds me that Mr. Byron Moore has written to Mr. Bar nard for photographs and planB of the totali zator buildings at Morptettville. The Quorn Races take place on Wednes day next. I see no reason to alter ray opinion in favour of Encounter for the Hurdles and Brigand for the Handicap. AtMorphettvillelast Friday I saw Messrs. Hill and Tothill doing some spurting work with their yearlings. All these young ones have broken in very quietly, and some of Brokers' them move well. The Broker struck me as a fine colt, and he is very forward for the time; while in Tothill's lot Gratitude looks like being ready for the Fulham Park Plate, The success of the Sir Edmund stock this season has induced Mr. Hughes to send some of the Booyoolie youngsters to Adelaide for a trial. Harry Tothill has four under his care. In another column will be found a letter from Mr. C. 8. Agnew, the owner of The Assyrian, in reference to his disqualification by the Tasmanian Turf Club, it seems Mr. Agnew made some disrespectful remarks concerning the Stewards, and on his refus ing to apologize they, on June 25 last, met and passed the following resolution ■< That. MV r s ACT.OU, That Mr. C. S. Agnew, having been guilty haviour towards the Stewards of improper behaviour of this Club, by having publicly stated they had robbed him of the Lannceston Gup in not upholding his protest against Rhesus, be disqualified for a term of twelve months from date, and that no horse in which he is wholly or partly interested be allowed to run upon the Tasmanian Turf Club Course daring the period of disqualification." The Hobart Mercury, in referring to the case, says:— The telegram published in our columns yesterday, intimating that the.Tas manian Turf Club had disqualified ] Mr. C. S. Agnew for twelve months from date, for having been guilty of improper conduct :ds the Stewards in certain towards the Stewards in certain remarks trade in connection with the late Lannceston | Cup Race, took the sporting circles of Hobart by surprise. We understand that the offence 1 of Mr. Agnew was of a trivial character, and J that he was never offered the opportunity of an explanation. At any rate, gentlemen here familiar with the facta say that the offence, if any, was a private dispute with two Stewards only, and { having been so long left in abeyance should have been let pass altogether. It would seem, from the report of the proceed ings since published, that the disqualifica tion was not the act of the Northern Club, butof the Stewards, and consequently illegal, the functions of the Stewards having, if the { rules are like those of other Clnbs, ceased at the expiry of a week after the races. In that case the meeting of the committee which followed, and its confirmation of the disqualification, are nnll and void, the com mittee, even it legally constituted, being powerless to give effect to the vtrdict of a body who have no existence. It is besides said that though Mr. Agnew was summoned to appear before somebody on behalf of the Club.ne received no intimation of what charge, if any, he bad to answer. The whole afiair seems involved in such confusion that we hcpekindred Clubs {aiid the public will suspend their judgment till they are in pos session of the full facts'and accurate know ledge of papers, which we have'm made the necessary arrangements for obtaining." The English correspondent of 'the Aus tralasian has the following concerning the Manchester Cup:—"I have never seen more sensational doings in the Betting Clubs than we have, had over this race. It mil be remembered that Knight of Burleigh lately won the'Lincolnshire Handicap, and that Mr. J. Davis was the presumed owner; Mr.' Robert Peck was supposed to have at least a Bhare in the home, and they won a very large . siake between them. The animal was trained by Peck's - trainer (Hopper), was under the astute ex-trainers (Peck) supervision, and be in conjunction with Mr. J. Davis won, as 1 have already slid, a very large Btake by. the horse's victory. Now, about a fortnight ago a very heavy commission was sent into the market to back Knight of Burleigh for this Man chester Cup, and many thousands of pounds were laid out in his behalf—the public, of course, following suit—until all at oflce, one day last week, it was rumoured that Peck and Davis had quarrelled, and almost simul taneously with this report gaining credence a rush was made all over Kugland to get on Primrose II. ■ It Boon transpired that Robert Peck had bought; l'om Brown's interest in Primrose' H.. and- that the horse would run in his colours. It should be mentioned .here that Primrose has been leased, to .Tom Brown for his racing career by his owner, Captain Ha worth, and it is this lease that Peck has bought.- Well, to make' a long story short, both animals (The Knight and Primrose) became strong favourites,. as many followed Davis and Archer, whilst others swore by Peck. It was known tlie -two quondam friends would oppose one another tooth and nail, but Prim rose's public form was so bad that nothing but weight of money and Peck's name (be is. believed by some people to be able, fa do any thing) kept him in the front rank. Archer's mount, Knight of Burleigh, was favourite, but Peck once more ' scored' heavily." The Murrumbidgee Turf Club have decided to hold a race meeting on 21st, 22nd and 23rd November. The principal prizes are the Gold Cup of 300 80vs., the Town Plate of 150 sovs., and the Grand Stand Stakes of 100 sovs. The total amount of added money is £1,360. . 