XIY FIRST TIGER HANK. A TALE OF THE JUNGLE. (A. OFsICER's STORY.) By J. SALE LLOYD. Looking back upon a long life, it would seem to be an easy thing to tell a shabort story ! and, indeed, my difficulty is not to find a subject, but to choose one from the crowded images which, in obedience to my call jostleone another, and pass like shadows across my mental retina. To beiun-I must introduce myself. I am Elward Lonsdale--Colonel of Her Majesty's 130th Regiment of the Line, but at the time my tale commences I was only a small boy, known as "Teddy Lonsdale," with decided opinions of my own upon three points only, and those three were love of gunpowder, the red coat, and Lionel For. rescue. My father was a "soldier of fortune," which, as every one knows, means a soldier without fortune, and I was his heir; but Hesaen only knows what he had to leave me besides his blessing and his good name; for an oicer's pay is small, and he had many to keep. Still, by book or by crook, I was sent to Harrow, where my third opinion was formed upon my meeting young Fortescue. We became friends, and inseparable com panions. Where one went the other was aLo sure to be seen. and we soon gained for ourselves the cognomen of the "' Siamese twins." It was not long before thad fired him with the soldier-love, which, fBrought up in a gar. rison tone, I had imbibed with my bread and butter. There would have been no question of my vocation had I possessed the wealth of the Indies; I could never have bern anything but an officer: but as it was, I hal to choose a profession to maintain my. self, and as mar be imagined my choice was quickly made: I would lollow in my father's footsteps. It was a terrible blow to'me when he retired from the service, and went down to live in a pretty cottage ornoe in Blank. shire: and the only red coats which greeted my sight in the holidays were the gorgeous poppies of the field, and the bugle call was exchanzed for the note of the skylark. But there was a silver lining to my dark c!ocd : Fairmead Cottage was close to the rites of lMelcombe Court, the estate of Sir Francis Fortescue, my friend's father. Our families soon became acquainted, and my sister Nellie, who was but a year my junior. made a third wherever we went, and for once the mystic number was not a dis rerdant element; rather the reverse, for it was quickly visible that Lionel was head over ears in lore with her; a fact which he sheepishly tried to explain with. "I say, old fellow. con and your sister are so much alhke tuat I couldn't help it, you know, as I was always fond of youn rom the first." So, as no one ever thwarted the heir of Mel combe Court, inside it's massive walls, or out of them, young as they were, Lionel and Nellie came to be looked upon as "sweet hearts;" and their affection was smiled atas something which might in after years ripen into lore, or might, with time, fade and be forgotten. My friend was olive-skinned and hand. some. his features short and well-est, his munth firm in repose, but apt to break out into laughter upon small provocation. Hu dark eyes were mesmeric in their power, and you felt that the lad must develop into more than an ordinary man, and would be a firm friend, or a dangerous enemy; that there could be nothing lukewarm in his likes cr dislikes, that half measures would never be in his line. lie was a handsome fellow, with his curly dark hair falling over his broad intelligent brow, which he had a knack of throwing back with a jerk of his well-shaped head. Nellie was his very antipodes in appearance; bright and dazzling as May sunshine, her golden hair borrowing it's lights from the sunbeams, and it's shadows from the soft crey clouds: fair and sweet as a blush rose in the morning dew, with laughter-loving ips, and bewitching dimples, and blue eyes, that smiled, or were sad, at her will. Ah ! there was no wonder that Lionel loved her i As for the likeness between us, my glass certainly reflected a fair boy with blae eves, but there the resemblance ended. Time, however, does not tarry for an;y it did not do so for us; we outgrew school and birds' nesting. and all the teals and de lights of childhood. Nellie's eyes began to droop beneath the gaze of the youth, as they had not done under that of the boy, and the warti blood mantled her cheek as he whispered of his constancy. It was hard to part, we had so long been comrades, but as manhood dawned our roads diverged ;: Lionel went to college. Hie was the only son of wealthy parents, and had ever been fed with the silver spoon of proap.rity; before him was the easy-going life of a country gentleman, with his well preserved covers, his horses, and his dogs, and every prospect of a seat in the House. With me, things were different All I had to do was to obtain my commis. sign, pSt on my war paint, and begin a soldiers life. 'lhe battles which 1' had fought in theory, and the victories whbih I had gained in fancy, might yet become reali. ties for me. With all the good things which life con. tained for him, my friend half envied my on. certain future, as, with his warm hand-clasp lingering in mine, he fined his earnest dark eyes on me, saying, "You have a glorious career before you. Ted. If it were not for Nellie, and the Pater and Mater, I would not let you go away alone." "My dear boy," I cried, "most fellows would like to change places with you; you bare all the goods the gods can provide you Vrith'' The grave eyes were looking away into the distance with a strange intentness; but all at once they brightened, a light broke into them, and he smiled a Nellie came tripping into the room, as sweet and pretty as ever, bnt qietor and aadder, for the shadow of ur coming parting had lallen across her path, and it was her first sorrow. Lionel took her hand in his, and answered me, "Yea, Ted, you are right, most fellows would envy me, and I am more than con. tent with the lot to which I am born, and that which I have chosen;" and he raised Nellie's white hand and kissed it. And thus I left them hand in hand, and went out into the world alone. Lionel Forteoscue was not a man who cared much for books: he thought more of being troLke of his e ,Lege boat than of taking honors, and preferred being the beat player in the cricket field to gaining a "double tnt ;" still he learnt easily, and passed as goodan exa mination without working as must of them did with it We often wrote to one another, but for tune did not favor our meeting; when I ran doun to Blankshire on leave, my friend chanced to be abent, and more than once we iuared each other only by a few hours. Still I heard enough about him from Nellie, for the childish lore of the two did not seem at all inclined to fade. "Oh! Ted," she cried, with deepening color, "he has grown so handsome, you really would hardly know him !" "Handsome is that handsome does, Miss .Nell," I replied; "he is a right down good fellow, and that is better than looks; beauty is only skin deep." "Ah I but I love it. I could never marry an urly man," she answered lightly. "No?" I questioned. "'Now, suppose Lionel were to have small.pox, do you mean that you would throw him over?" "Oh ! what a horrible idea," she cried, shivering. "What could make von think of it " and then, gravely, "I really don't be lieve I could bear it; I'm afraid I should give him up !" "1 should never speak to you if you did," I replied; "and as for you, Nellie, you are not half good enough for him; why, he would stick to you if you had only half a face, or none at all !" And partly in fun, and partly really vexed with her, I turned and left her alone. My regiment was ordered to Quebec, and we were in Canada three years, during which time I returned to Blankshire once on leave; but Lionel was travelling on the continent, and again I missed him. Nellie and he were to be married in the following spring, and already the cottage was littered with all the pretty frippery which girls consider needful for a bride, which they call their trousseau. W'hen my leave expired, of course I had to return to my regiment, and just when I looked for tidings of the wedding I received ill news indeed. Inconsequenceof some un wise speculation. Sir Francis Fortescue had become a becger, and every acre of land had passed frombiim. The estate had descended from father to son, from generation to generation, but it would do so no more, for Lionel had thrown himself nobly into the gap, and had acceded to the only plan which would enable his father to meet his liabilities ;-he had con. sented to cut off the entail. And Sir Francis went out into the world a free man, but penniless. Then indeed it was seen what stuff Lionel was made of. He took his father and mother up to Lon don, and got for them a lodging, the best his slender finances could provide, looking on to the green trees of a square, and engaged himself as a bankers clerk to earn the neces-. sary means of supporting them. How well I knew what that meant to my old schoolfellow' The daily routine, the long hournes of con finement and office work. the association with men of lower minds than his own. It was like setting a race-horse to do the don. ker's work at Carisbroke Castle ! It must be wearisome enough for the don. key to go round and round with the rope to draw up the water from the well, but to the " thoroughbred " it would be utterly intoler able. Yet Lionel Fortescue was never heard to complain ; he performed his duties faith fully and earned the praise of his employers, and he alwavs went home with a smile to his parents. No matter if it faded when no one was looking no matter that his heart was broken; his spirit was not dead, nor his pride extin guished. Perhaps the hardest hit of all to him had been the offering up of Nellie; he had loved her long and well, but he had given her her freedom. To do her justice, she had not accepted it. Poverty was less objectionable to her than small-pox, and she had clung to him, and promised to be faith ful. But my father had stepped in with his pareutal authority, and the engagement was broken off. Nellie never cared for her lover so much as when he was forbidden her, and faded and pined as a flower without daylight. Then followed fresh trouble. Oh! my friend Lionel, how my heart ached when the sad tale reached me; it ran thus : Sir Francis Fortescue became morbid and melancholy after his misfortunes. In vain his wife and son strove to cheer him ; it was up-hill work : not a smile could they gain from the once jovial man, but they did their best, feigning the cheerfulness which was not in their hearts. To make a long story short, one evening, when Lionel came home from work, he found his mother waiting, with her bonnet on. "I am glad yon have come, dear," she said, "as your father will have a companion while I am out;" and with a few fond words she went her way, her basket on her arm, to make the needful purchases for their frugal suheh?ad started only a few minutes, when Sir Francis raised his head suddenly, and with more animation than he had ahewn for many a long month, asked Lionel if his mother were out of sight. (The son ran at once to find out, but she was nowhere to be seen). "The mater is gone," he said, "but if there is anything you want, father, I will go and cet it for von in a moment." "You are agood son," answered Sir Fran. cis; "you alwayshumor your father's fancies, but it will not be for very long, Lionel, not for very long." "But what is it you want me to fetch you!" asked Lionel, anxious to lead his father's thoughts away from himself. "Ah, I had forgotten," replied the baronet, "will you getmechangefor half-a-sovereign!" " I can give you that without going out," he replied, producing the silver. "Thank you, thank yu,"said Sir Francis, "one favor more, only one;" (with aghastly smile) "I have a fancy for to-day's Times, and you will fetch it for me at once, will you not!" (This eagerly). " With the greatest pleasure; bhut shall I not wait until the mater comes home ! You will be dull alone." "No ! no not a bit of it; I don't know when I have felt so cheerful!" and he chuckled a laugh so discordant and mirthless that his son stooped and looked at him. "The Times, Lionel, don't forget; to-day's Timen, mind; what are you waiting for!" Lionel lingered until his father's impa. tience became marked, then went unwillingly away. To say that he had any clear sense of un easiness would be incorrect; still there was an undefined dread of some coming evil in his mind, as with a heasvy heart he hurried I through the streets, and back again with the newspaper; he had not been able to get it very near home,'for there were no shops in the square where they resided, but, quick I though he had been, he had been some time I absent. He shook off his despondent air and I weary look as he admitted himself with his latch-key, and ran up the narrow staircase I into the little parlor. "Here it is, father," he exclaimed, peer ing into the deepening shadows-, but there was no answer. '"Are you here!" still no response. Then a sickening fear and unshaped dread; a groping in the darkening room, an impa tient hand-search among familiar objects; a Sstraining of eyes which strove to pierce throuh the gloom and see, but could not; Sthen is foot struck something upon the ground, in another moment he was upon his knees beside it. Oh God I what was there upon his hands I something yet warm, and slimy, covered them where'er he felt- the floor was slippery g and wet with it-it had bedabbled the linen of his shirt sleeves-it had stained his cloth ing--he felt it warm beneath his knees. It was his father's life.hloodl iHe called aloud for help, and met his land. lady at the door with a set white face ; lights were quickly brought, a doctor was sent for, but it was too late. The ghastly wounds, self-inflicted, and bloody razor, told their own tale. Sir Francis had committed suicide in a state of temporary mental aberration, and life was quite extinct. Lionel could not realise the truth, and had every means tried to restore animation, but with no good result. Then suddenly amid the horror-stricken group, stood Lady Fortescue. She spoke no words, uttered no sound, but came among them like a ghost. They fell back from her, and left her apace to see. Lionel stepped forward, an I put his arm around her and stood between her and the fearful sight. "For God's sake, come away," he cried with a trembling voice, but she quietly and firmly resisted him. "Is he deadP' ehe asked, in a tone utterly unlike her own. "Itisbettertotellthetruth,"replied thedoc. tor to Lionel's appealing glance: " we were too late to save him :; it is a terrible affliction for you and for your son; believe me, we all feel for you deeply; you can do nothing, nor can we; be advised, and leave this sad scene with your son as he wishes." A shiver passed througah her frame, a cold icy look settled upon her face; her arms fell listlessly to her side; she made no resist ance, and shed no tears, and the doctor look ing at her know that she had received her death blow. Wxthin a month, the family vault which had entombed Sir Francis Fortescue was re opened for his wife. The doctor was right, the shock had been her death blow. Lionel Fortescue had seen her laid at rest. had looked his last at the house where he had been born, at the cottage which held the woman who was to have been his wife; and went his way. In vain we strove to trace him; he passed from among ns, leaving naught behind but the sweet sad memories of the days gone by, which cling to as like the scent of the rose even when its leaves are dead and withered. Years rolled on and brought their many changes; Nellie had not married, she was very silent as to her feelings, and it was hard MY FIRST TIGER HANK. to tell whether she still thought of her old lover or no. Her affection for me seemed greater than even in our youth; often would she wind her arms about my neck, when some fresh lover came to woo her. "No," she would say, with her winning way. " I shall never marry; I intend to be an old maid, and keep your house when you grow unfit for active service, Ted; I never see any one half good-looking enough to please me;" and then a far-otf look would come into her eyes, and she would remain silent. " You found onea face to your mind, Nell;" I replied ; " Poor Lionel ! I would give a great deal to know what has become of him; how fond he was of you, Nellie !" Then I saw her color rise, and quickly fade, leaving her paler than before. " Ah!" she answered; *"that was a long time ago, and it is past !" Some months later my regiment was or dered to the Mediterranean, and stationed at Maita; our officers were quartered at the Inquisitor's Palace and the men at the Isola Barracks. both upon the Fort Recasoli side of the Grand Harbor, opposite Valetta, which is the chief town; and I was waiting at the bottom of the Nix Mangiare steps, in company with several officers of my own and another regiment, fora boat to take us across to our quarters. It came to land, and we had already seated ourselves, and were pushing off, when we noticed a non-commissioned officer and some privates running down to the shore; there was no other boat to be obtained, so we offered them a lift across the harbor, and.as one of them stepped quickly to the bow, and turned his face seawards, I noted, even in the darkening night, how fine a man he was, but his features I could not see. Conversation on the way turned upon changes of fortune, and in illustration of the freaks of the fickle dame, I mentioned the story of my own friend, Lionel Fortescue. " Ah " I said; "he was the best fellow that ever breathed; surely the blessings of this world are unequally diviled, that such a man should come to grief. He was a good son, indeed-my sister was engaged to him, you know-poor little Nellie, she has never altogether got over that business; and as for him, Hieaven only can tell what became of him-we wish we could find him out." Upon the still night, as I finished speak. I ing, there went out a stifed sob, which pro. ceeded from the fore-part of the boat, and one of my chums administered a kick upon my shins to keep me silent; I did not know what I had done, but I turned the talk at once to other topics, and when we landed I asked my friend what had been wrong. lie told me he had heard that there was a private in the regiment quartered at Fort Iecasoli with some sad history, which how ever no one knew the truth of, and that no doubt it was the same poor fellow who was at the bow of our boat who was sobbing, my story having touched some sad string In his bown heart. I thought many times of that suppressed sob, and wondered at it during the night, even making up my mind to ask one of his oficers about the man; but the morning brought me the welcome tidings that leave had been granted me to go home to England, and the events of the day before faded from my memory for the time; but one evening, sitting with Nellie's had in mine, they re curred to me, and I mentioned what had taken place to her. She turned her blue eyes upon mine with an expression of great reproach in them. " And you did not know him?" she asked, in a low voice; "Oh, Edward I" She never called me Edward except when I had vexed her, so I knew I had done so, but how ! "Know whom ?" I queried, looking at her, greatly puzzled. "That was Lionel," she replied, with decision. "Lionel !" I cried, springing up. " Im' possible; do you mean to tell me I should not have known him?" " You say you did not see his face !" "No. but he saw mi.e, and do you sup. pose for a mompet that his heart can have so changed that he would be in the same boat with me and never give me a word or look ?" "It is his position which has changed, and not his heart," she answered, firmly. " If you are so sure about that. Miss Nell, It's a pity you didn't stick to him in his trouble." I was sorry the next moment that I had spoken thus, for blinding tears rushed into the beautiful blue eyes and dimmed their brightness, and she rose and left the room. " Poor little Sell," I thought. " I will try and find out whether her idea is a true one-if I once saw Lionel face to face I should know him from any other man alive." But when I returned to my duty, the man with the history was gone; he had volun teered into another regiment-his name was . John Jones, but no one knew anything of him beoond the fact that he was a clean, smart soldier-no one had ever known him r-fer to his past life, though it was self-evi. dent that he was a gentleman both by birth and education. This was not encouraging; still I inquired further, and found that John Jones had gone to India. After all, it was very unlikely that this stranger J/',uld be Lionel Fortescue, and I let the subject rest; indeed, what else could I do. I could hardly write to this John Jones, whose face I had never seen, and claim him for my lost friend; no, with out redeng him, I coulil do nothing at all in the matter, and after a time it faded from my mind. The lives of soldiers are wandering ones. My regiment was soon after ordered to India, a fact which rejoiced me greatly on account of the sport, which I was anticipat ing with much pleasure. 11e were sent to a place in Central India. which I will call Jampore, and being fresh to the country, as a matter of course, we asked a great many questions about the tiger shooting and pig sticking; and many and marvellous were the stones which the old Indians related for our benefit, some of which, indeed, were utterly beyond our belief. I shared my bungalow with a brother olfi. cer, with whom I got on well, for we were both passionately fond of sport, and liked to talk of our runs with the " Quorn," or our days among the pheasants, as we smoked our peace-engendering calinets together. Jack Lindsey and I had many a talk in the verandah of our little bungalow relative the Tiger IHanks, about which we had heard so much from some of the civilians of the station, whose wish seemed to be to astonish our weak minds. One evening, after mess, Jack said to me, "I say, old man, Ill tell you what it is : we must go after these tigers ourselves-we can't let these old fellows here have it all their own way with their astounding stories. They seem to think because we are fresh from England we are not capable of shooting a Bengal tiger, and we will prove to them that I they are wrong. I, for one, don't like being talked to by these old Indians as though I I was simply a fool, and I believe we shall bowl over all the tigers which come in our way. Why it stands to reason that our nerves must be far steadier than those men who have lived in this country for twenty or thirty years, and we ought therefore to shoot better, not worse." " I quite agree with you, Jack," I replied. 1 "I have been thinking much the same thing i myself; it will be rare good fun, and we I will nominally only go after snipe and duck you know, and then how the old judge will open his eyes and puff out his fat cheeks when we bring back a tiger, or may be two: the only question is how we are to make all our necessary arrangements without it's get tine wind what we are about." VWe applied for ten days shooting leave, which was not refused us. We were not so ignorant as we were sup posed to be concerning the needful pre. parations for these Tiger Hanks, having listened attentively to the accounts given of them by those who were conversant with such things, and had described them to us over and over again. Upon a lovely mhorning in the first week in November we sallied forth upon our ex pedition, mounted upon our tattoes (native ponies), with our nlggers, rifles, and tent bringing up the rear. I had ridden out a few days before to a village some miles off, taking my bearer (head native servant) with me as interpreter, and I had engaged an old Indian shikari to come and shew us a tiger or two, promising him thirty rupees for every one he put in our way, and fifty for each one we shot. HIe met us as had been arranged at his own village, accompanied by his sons, who, as well as himself, were armed with old matchlock rifles, and joined our party; but we were not to begin our sport until the fol lowing day, as we had vet twenty- five or thirty miles to travel before reaching our shooting ground. At four o'clock the next morning I was awoke in a most unceremonious mannnr by Jack Lindsey, who was in the highest spirits ; he pulled off my blankets, and dug me in the ribs. " Up! old lazy bones," he cried: " this is the eventful day i" And so it was with a vengeance ! We hurried over our breakfast, lighted our pipes, ordered our dinner to be ready when we returned, and started from our little camp to the foot of a low range of hills thickly wooded all over with a dense under groath of jungle, interspered with huge boulders of granite rock, which was to be the scene of the hank, where the beaters awaited us. We made the old shikari under stand that we put ourselves under his guid ance; the beaters struck off to the right, and we followed him to the left. Progres sion through the jungle was tedious work, and we were an hour getting to the middle of the woneed hill side;: here the Indian stopped, looking first at one tree, then at another: at lernth he fixed on one which seemed to satisfa him. and made signs to Jack to get up into it, and me to follow him further up the hill. But my friend and I had determined not to part company; alone. in that jungle amonu strangers, whose conversation we could not understand, and thirty-five miles, as far as we knew, from any Europeans, we preferred being together. The old shikari was very much annoyed with us, but we held to our pont; so he snapped his fingers indignantly, took up his matchlock, ascended the hill alone, and took possession of the tree he had intended for me. Left together with our coolies and our rifles, we consulted what was to be our next move; the tree proved a very uncomfortable seat, and Jack came down, vowing it would not be possible to hit a haystack cramped up there, perhaps for hours; but said I might try if I liked. I did try and preferred a seat on terra firms; so we sat down together in comfort, one at the foot of the despised tree, the other rather higher up on a boulder of rock, with our coolies behind us. taking care to see that the rifles were not, like our own, at fall cock. There were from two hundred and fifty to three hundred beaters out, and we soon heard them shouting in the far away dis tance. Very slowly the sounds became more dis. tioct, and we could distinguish their cries and the noise of their "tom-toms," as they drew nearer. The noise and the hubbub was enough to frighten the Prince of Darkness himself, and all his satellites, out of their senses. We waited with our rifles in readiness for a time which seemed to us an eternity, till at length my friend said to me, "This is all bosh ! there's no tiger here; why, bless me ! if there had been one within a mile he would habe made off with this unearthly row; I am tired of holding my rifle. Let us have a pipe. We shall not see these blessed tigers at present, I reckon." This only showedour ignorance of the ways and habits of the tiger. for they will keep only a few yards a-head of the beaters for miles, so close indeed as to disable you from shooting, lest you should hit the bipeds instead of the quadrupeds. I acreed to Jack's proposal, placed my rifle on the ground, took my old black clay from the pocket, and was fumbling for my lights and tobscco, when a cry escaped from Jack Lindsey. I heanrd him exclaim : ". My God!" Bang, bang, went his rifle. I only recollect seeing the dash; then, quicker than lightning, something came between Jack and me, a huge striped creature, with an enormous mouth and glistening white teeth. I heard a roar like thunder, and I felt the beast's hot breath; then its jaws closed upon me, and I remember no more, until I found my. self being carried along upon a rough litter made of sticks and long grass. The rest of my first tiger hank was after wards told me by Jack Lindsey and our coolies. He was just in the act of following my example and getting out his pipe, when he raised his eyes and saw a large tiger, as he described it, " squinting at him," from be hind a huge boulder some twenty yards in front of him. He never stopped to think, but dropped his pipe, seized his rifle, and let off both the barrels straight in the beast's face In his exuntement, however, his aim must have been defective, for, as it was found afterwards, only one of the bullets touched the animal, which carried away apart of the ear and of course infuriated him terribly. Had Jack not been a tyro at such sport he would have known how unwise and danger ons a think it is to fire into a tiger's face, and would have waited until the brute either advanced upon him, and rendered it necessary to fire, or until he could get an aim behind his shoulder. As it was, the beast rushed upon as in great fory, bowling Jack over unharmed. and, to his great horror, seized on me and carried me away into the jungle in his jaws! Jack Lindsey had even then no mind to desert me, but did not in the least know how to deal with the case. The old shikari too, and some of the beaters, had followed us at a respectful dis tance, when all at once another figure ap peared upon the scene: a tall. powerful young man. with a dark handsome face. and a firm mouth. came pushing his way with rapid strides down the wooded hill-side. Hle stopped once on!y, and asked a ques tion, " Was not that Mr. Lonsdale i' And having received an excited reply in the afirmative from one of my native ser rants, he went on faster than before, track ing the tiger's footsteps. At length he sighted him, and coming up quietly behind, shot him with a steady aim -but fearing to injure me, the victim in his powerful jaws, he had not dared to shoot him in the head, hut judged rightly that the wound he inflicted would stay his move ments. Then my deliverer rushed f rward. and struck the huge brute a stunni.g blow, with the butt-end of his rifle, on which he drop ped my insensible form upon the ground and flew at his new enemy with tooth and claw; but the noble fellow was not to be conquered ; he drew a knife which ne wore. and plaSced it into the creature's heart. And my brave deliverer will carry to his grave the scars of those wounds received in my service. When I opened my eyes the handsome face which had come down the hill.side only a short time before was dis. figured for life; yet in the voice and the dark mesmeric eyes of my preserver I recog nised my old friend and schoolfellow, Lionel Fortescue, aliar John Junes, a private in the line. It was a strange meeting indeed, and thus ended my first, though certainly not my last tiger, bank. We took Lionel to our little camp, and did our best to wash and dress his torn and bleeding face. I, too, had some ugly teeth marks, and the shikari rode away and brought to us some one who understood the healing art. My old friend had longed for a little sport, and had obtained leave for a week to co out shooting like ourselves, which in India is not an unusual indulgence to grant to the private soldier: accident had brought us together, and it had indeed been a fortunate one for me; he had been watching us from above, and had recognised me before the final catastrophe. We had many things to talk of, Lionel and I. Our present position towards each other was awkward in the extreme, he a private soldier, and I an officer; yet out there in the jangle we were equals, as we were by birth. We talked of the old days gone by, and of Nellie, yes, of my sister Nellie; and when we clasped hands for good.night. I knew that so long as he lived Lionel Fortescue would love her; and I made a resolve. Of my danger and rescue, of course, I wrote home to my people; but they never knew the name of my deliverer; still I found Nellie had enshrined him in her heart, as a hero, and I smiled. In the meantime the story became known in India, and a commission was obtaind for Lionel in the Gold Coast Corps, where having served for three years, he was appointed to a captaincy in my own regiment, and joined us in India. Our time of foreign service over, we re turned once more to England, and I took him down to Fairmead Cottage with me when I went home on leave, unexpectedly. It was Christmas Eve; there was a dim light in the little ivyclad church, and there in the chancel was Nellie, hanging up her holly garlands. Lionel pressed a detaining hand upon my 233 arm and passed in alone, while I stood in the darkness watching them. "Nellie," he said, in his own sweet grave voice, " have come back; am I welcome!" And in another moment she was nestling her golden head upon his breast "She has not seen his face," I sighed, as I turned from the door, not to be a spy upon their meeting. After a while I heard their voices. "Teddy, Teddy, you dear old fellow, where are you " and Nellie was in my arms, showering kisses upon me. Ah! how I dreaded the moment when the lights should shine fully upon my friend's unsightly face-made so for m.. It came at last. We entered the bright hall; our wraps were removed. Lionel had no fear, he was accustomed to his scars, and he had no knowledge of my sister's dislike to disfigure ment-be was happy. It was only I who saw her faze change as the sight was revealed to her-I who saw her look of horror, and knew its cause : I, who knew that my friend's happiness was trembling in the balance, and it was for me to secure it if possible. "Nellie," I sail. "what do you think of the man whosaved me from the tiger ? Was he one to be admired !" " Admired." she cried, " I should admire him were he the ugliest man on earth. He is my hero!" " Nellie," I said gently, "this is your hero; Lionel Fortescue was my preserver. Mavy ?od bless and reward him ." There was a pa.use -a silence-then Nellie raised her beautiful blue eyes to his face. "Lionel," she whispered. " let me thank yon!" and she placed her arms about his ieck, andl kissed him just where the misd toe was hanging overhead: and I left them there alone, and went to give my parento an unexpected greeting. - DpiFopes .a .ual. 