THE PARLIAMENT. HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. Thubsday. July 26. Obe SPEiKEB took the Chair at 2 o'clock. PETITIONS. Mr. BEIGHT presented a petition from the Cor unmtinn of Glenelir. and Mr FITRNRR. one from the Corporation of Moonta, praying for certain amend- ments to be made in the Main Roads Biil. Received. Mr. HOWE presented a petition from thirty-six residents in the Hundred of Pandearah, praying that the scrub selectors who may surrender their agreements and take twenty-one years' leases of their land iistead at 3d. per acre may have a right of purchase at £1 per acre, the annual rental to ba counted as part nf the purchase-money. Received and read. JJWOUBNMENT.— SIB W. MOBGAN AND TELE ANNEXATION OF THE NEW HEBRIDES. Mr.BOUNSEVELLmoved— 'That the House at it3 rising adjourn till the following day at 1 o'clock,' in order that he might call the attention of the Chief Secretary to two telegrams which had appeared in the Register and AdvertUer on that morning. The Register telegram was aa follows:— 'Bef erring to 'Vagabond's' exposures re Morgan influence in the New Hebrides, the Argus writes s— The Qoiern ment of South Australia appears to be hanging back, but we do not for a moment beliere that toe 'people of South Australia are. It will be for the Parfia meat and the people of the Bister colony to saylhow far the fact disclosed by our special correspondent that a prominent South Australian politician ia deeply interested in the French NewHeSrides specu lation has anything to do with the comparative cold ness of the Adelaide authorities. The Age states that South Anatralia has unfortunately backed out of the agreement, chiefly, it is said, through the in fluence of the ex- Premier, Sir William Morgan.' The Advertiser telegram stated that ' in the Mel bourne Assembly to-day Mr. Harper asked the Premier in connection witb the annexing of the New Hebrides and New Guinea if any recent telegram had been received from the South Australian Go vernment or our Agent-General on the subject, as a rumour was current that the attitude of South Aus tralia in withdrawing from the united action taken by the various Agents-General was the result of influence brought to bear by a gentleman. Sir William Morgan, who was lately prominently con nected with, the Government of South Australia.' He should like to ask the Chief Secretary if there was any truth in these statements within nia know ledge, and whether Sir William Morgan had been in communication with th» Government or had brought any influence to bear on them. Mr. BEIGHT seconded tha motion, and would like to bring another matter forward. A telegram had appeared in the Press wherein it was stated thai the Agent-General waa about taJtingatrip to Norway in order to send out a number of Norwegian labourers to the colony. He should like to know whether Sir Arthur BIytb had been instructed to go to Norway for that purpose, or whether there was any truth in the telegram. The CHIEF SECBETABY (Hon. J. C. Bray) ?would say at once, in replying to Mr. BounseveU, that none Of the. Ministry bad had any communica tion with Six William Morgan on the matter. (Hear, bear.) They had done what they believed to be best quite independently of Sir William Morgan or any thought of him. In regard to the other statement made by Mr. Bright, he could say that that also was a pure fiction. (Hear, hear.) There had been no idea of drawing immigrants from Norway, and he thought the report must have amen through some mistake. The Government had telegraphed to Sir Arthur Blyth, however, telling him that such a telegram had been sent here, and informing him that no such instructions had been issued by the Government, (Hear, hear.) He did not think that Sir Arthur Blyth would take such steps on his own responsibility, bat still the Government had dis tinctly instructed him not to go to Norway. Mr. TOMKINSON presumed that if the Agent General found it necessary to go to Norway for his health the Government would not prevent his going. (Laughter.) The whole thing seemed a sensational newspaper paragraph, and everybody knew that the individual from whom the first-mentioned telegram originated was one of those sensational pressmen who travelled about the world, doing all the mis Chief that was possible. (Laughter.) Negatived. MESSAGE FROM THE GOVERNOR. A message was received from His Excellency the Governor, forwarding 'Excesses on votes up to June 30, 1£S3,' and recommending an aDpropriation of the revenue for the purposes therein mentioned. The TBEASUBEB (Hon. L. Glyde) moved— 'That the message be printed, and taken into consideration in Committee of Supply.' Carried. DESTITUTION AMONGST IMMIGBANTS. Mr. COGIIN asked the Hon. Commissioner of Crown Lands if hia attention had been drawn to aa article in the Register that morning relating to the destitute condition of immigrants by the Dundee? The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS (Hon. A. Catt) had seen the article in question, and was very much pained at reading it — (Hear, hear) — aid he thought if the state of affairs was as represented it was most undesirable. On reaching his office he placed himself in communication ?with his officers, and aa far aa he could gather the report was most exaggerated and unwarranted. (Bear, hear.) In the first pluce, he asked the officers in his department as to whether there was scarcity of work, and what work had been found for these men, and he would read the report of the Clerk of the Works Department in this matter :— ' In obedience to your instructions I have to report that every one of the men who arrived in the colony by either of these ships waa either employed or offered employment, and none have been refused who came from the Immigration Office. Employment was obtained for several with private firms, but in many cases the men were net found equal to their work, and were offered work as labourers. One has been discharged for idleness, and a good number have left on their own account, having obtained work elsewhere. In several instances men obtained work from private firms and returned dis charged in a few days, and were again taken on. There has been some difficulty with a faw plumbers on the score of wages, but I am not aware that any have actually struck work or been discharged on that account. I this morning ascertained that some carpenters employed at Majrill (fencing) completed their work last week and were paid off, but no application was made by them for further employ. A mattress-maker and stone labourer applied for work, and refused to work because some hfrafc, daan work could not be found for ttum. You will per ceive that so far as I am aware there are none out of employment of some kind ' who are willing to work.— B. Castledine, Clerk of Works.' In re ference to scarcity of work the same officer said :— 'I have to report that up to the present time there has been no scarcity of work of some kind for the immigrants, but there is a great difficulty in getting all to their trades, more especially such employment as they would like. Of course several have refused labouring work, and others, being very inferior tradesmen, could only be employed as labourers. If there is likely to be more of these men to employ some further work must be authorized. At present It is not necessary.' The Crown Lands Secretary this morning placed himself in communication with these men whose cases were mentioned in the newspaper, and he had a report prepared by the Immigration Officer, which he would read. In it Mr. Duffleld said :— 'The reference to the wives and families being turned out of the Servants' Home is incorrect. They were placed there on Saturday, March 10, and -on the following day the next ship, Glamis, arrived. The Matron of the Home explained that there would not be room at the Home for the single women by the Glamia so long as the married women per Dundee remained. On Monday morning I accordingly asked the men whose wives were in the Home to endeavour to find house accommodation for them, at the same time assuring them that directly they had secured homes they would be pro vided with work. They found houses, and as they got settled so did they have work given them. None were hurried from the Home, and, although very inconvenient to have them there during the lime that the girls per Glamia were there, some were allcwed to remain as long as four days, and every man who applied for work got it. These immigrants were treated most kindly, and any difficulty that presented itself was overcome by this department.' On that point he would say that the inconvenience complained of arose on account of the Dundee being Quarantined. When the immigrants landed from the Dundee, after having been quarantined, the married women were sent to the Servants' Home, while their husbands looked out for work ; but in the meantime another vessel had arrived, and the Home was required for these new arrivals. Mr. Duffield at once placed himself in communication with these men, and told them that under the cir cumstances if they would find houses for their families he would guarantee them work— (Hear, hear}-when they had found houses for their families. The men went and succeeded in obtaining dwelling-houses in two days, and then Mr. Duffleld found them all employment. (Hear, hear.) He thonght the statements in the Register were there fore shown to be incorrect, and that everything waa done that could be done for the men. He would now take the cases in the order in which they were mentioned in the newspaper. Case No. 1 was that of a man ' who has a wife and two children de pendent upon him for support, was given a job at fencing for a few days at Magill. but upon the com pletion of the -work he was discharged, and constant application throughout the city has resulted in the procurement of two and a half days' work.' The official report upon this was — 'No. 1 (carpenter) has had constant work (except when interrupted by weather) from date of arrival until last Saturday week, and 2i days since, at 8s. and 9s. per day. Has money still ; is not destitute. Case No. 2 was that of a man ' who has a wife and one child ; waa able to obtain 2J days' work since his arrival in the colony some six weeks ago.' This man was also a carpenter, who, according to the official report, ' has Sad work 3 days at 9s., 1 days at 7s., 3 days at 8s., 2* days at 9s.; total, £4 15s. ed. Had £7 on landing, and was paid £5 in addition aa constable daring voyage.' Case No. 3 mentioned in the paper was of 'another man who secured surface- work at the Wallaroo Mines for a few days, but is now out of employment, and he ia entirely without means to support his family.' The official report said—' No. 3 (gardener) had work at Mount Barker and Wallaroo, and received permanent em ployment to-day. Was paid £3 aa constable during the voyage.' 3?hese cas-s were therefore not so bad as had been made out. (Mr. Colton— ' He can get work as a gardener to-day. I have no hesitatioa in sajing so.') No. 4 was ' a bricklayer, who has hia wife and two children. Has found occasional em ployment from the Government in digging drains, but was discharged on Saturday last. Last night he spent hia last shilling for supper for his family, and but for the kind assistance of a charitable visitor would be without food to-day. This family are living in a wretched hovel, into which yesterday's rain filtered from countless places in the ceiling, while the inmates huddled around a dismal fire place for wannta which they sought in vain.' Mr. Duffield said of this man— 'No. 4 (bricklayer), the man who is stated to have been discharged en Saturday last, and now spent hia last shilling, has been getting 7s. per diem. Has been told to come for employment. In case No. 6 it was stated by the Register that ' in a wretched cot in Bowden is tie remnant of a family who left England a few months since with the expectation of bettering themselves in the new country which had been -JescriI-ed to them in glowing terms. The father and mother, with three fine children, took their departure on the Dundee in robust health, and with high hones for the future. When within four weeks' sail of Adelaide the eldest, a girl of some four years ana a half, was committed to a watery grave. The ship's doctcr said he did not know of what complaint she died. The immigrants say unwhole some food, badly cooked, waa the cause of her death, and also of the other five children, whom Neptune holds aa niumorial3 of the Dundee's ?voyage.' Hon. membeis must remember that the Dundee had nearly 600 pas*eneer3 on board, and he thought it spoka volumes for the way in which they were looked after by the medical man during the voyage that no more than six children suc ? ccmbed on a voyage of two or three months. In reference to case No. 5 Mr. DafBeld said— No. 5 (painter), ithe man spoken of as getting a taken. He came for work, like ^the Test, and im mediately got it. He left it after two days, and called again, saying he was unwell. I gave him a note for the Hospital, telling him to t»me back and let me know if he got what he required. He did not return, but on calling at the office to give notice that he intended to pay the balance of his passage money I enquired again about his health, and he said he waa getting all he required from a medical man at Frinrimnrah He said nothing about hia being in a destitute condition, and did not say he was out of work. When he has had work be has been compelled to relinquish re on account of an injured lez' This man evidently arrived in the colony in a bad state of health, and therefor© could not expect any one to give him employment, and he had no doubt thataU hia wants would be looked after. (Mr. Coglin— 'Did the Agent-General pass him in that stater Laughter.) He did not know whether the man was suffering from a bad leg before he left Eng land or not The persona referred to as 1 and 2 state that the Register's report is exaggerated. The report further said : — 'The head constable on the Dundee says that the ringleader of all this discon tent is 'a man who will work seven days and get arunk fourteen.'' Thus he thought the statements made had been shown to be very exaggerated, and is far as he could learn from conference with his officers there waa no scarcityof work. The Deputy Surveyor-General said he waa still ooen to take any amount of men on is the Souih-East [Hear, hear, ana ths Hon. T. Playford— 'Th»y an'twork in the water.') It had been stated in the Press that these men had to work in the water, but that waa only in a few cases, and then not for a long time. They had left the drains where the rater was very bad, and .the men were now work ^SJS!7 contentedly, and. were perfectly .satisfied (nth the way in wh&h; they were treated, and the Government was prepared to treat a number of men In the same manner. Of course id waa no use for a man to go to the drainage operations unless he was ible to endure some hard work and rough it a bit. He did not see why men who came oat here now should not be able to stand a little hard work. All turn, members who came to the colony soma thirty pears ago had hard work to go through— (Hear, near)— and these men should not expect to hare eather-beda found tor them. He would say, in inclusion, that they had had all these men in the )ffice that morning, and if there was any real necessity or destitution every one would be at once attended to. (Hear, hear.) fTNES FOB NEGLECTING TO SEND CHILDREN TO SCHOOL. _ Mr. TOMKINSON asked the Minister of Educa aon whether his attention had beea called to a report in that day's papers, stating that 'Sarah Wrnther, and Mary Ann Boberts, widows, and William Hamilton, barber, and William Staples, Henry Marsh, William Sinclair, and Joseph Mazey, abourers, were eharged in the Police Court at Port idelaide, by J. H. H. Vockins, Superintendent of school Visitors, witb neglecting to send their ihildren to school for a period of thirty-five days, as required by the Education Act, during the quarter ending June 3a Marsh, Hamilton, Mazey, and Mary 4jin Kobe rts.bavingtwo children each, wereflnedlOa. ffld costs 20s. each, and the others 5a. and 10a. costs sach.' He wished to ask the Minister of Education whether he would give instructions to remit these Snes. The MTNISTEB of EDUCATION (Hon. J. L. Parsons) said bisattentlonhadnotbeencalled to that statement, but the Police Magistrate was, of xrarse, aware of the law on the subject. In cases where persons were unable to pay for the education 3i their children he knew, from experience, that the Board of Advice was always ready to give instruc tions that the fees should be paid by the Govern ment The Magistrate was only carrying out the law in inflicting the fines. SEMAPHOBE AND WOODVIIXE BAILWAY. Mr. WARD asked the Chief Secretary whether surveys were in progress for a- line of railway from She Semaphore along the Military-road towards Woodville. He should like to know when the parti :ulars as to the surveys might be expected to be laid on the table of the House. The CHIEF SECBETABY (Hon. J. C. Bray) thought they might be expected by next week, as the surveys were completed. MELBOURNE STONE FOB THE MOBPHETT STREET BRIDGE. Mr. COGLIN asked— '1. By whose authority the Melbourne stone has been inserted in the specification for the Morphett-streefc Bridge? 2. What is the causa of the delay in its erection? 3\. Have we not suitable stone in our quarries that sould be used for said bridge ? 4. What is the cash sontract for the Melbourne stone V The CHIEF SECBETABY (Hon. J. G. Bray) said in reply: — 'L The Eneineer-in-Chief. 2. Con iract time does not expire fall February, 1E84. The ;ause of delay has been difficulty in procuring stone. 3. Yea, granite, which would- nave cost 13 per cent, more than Melbourne blueatone. I. About £400. The stone from Melbourne is blue itone for casement, coarse. The whole ox the ?emaining masonry is to be built of stone from the ildgate quarries.' I may add— 'Of course the lelay is on the part of the contractor, and the government are not accountable for it.' AMENDING THE BEAL PROPERTY ACT. Mr. COGLIN asked—' What steps do the Govern nent intend to take, consequent on the last decision -f the Supreme Court on the Eeal Property Act, for he amendment of the Act f The ATTOBNEY - GENEBAL (Hon. J. W. Jowner) replied : — 'The matter will be considered n connection with the Bill to consolidate and amend he Real Property Acts, which is now in course of reparation. ' The Hon. J. COLTON— Will it be introduced this tssion ? ? The CHIEF SECBETABY (Hon. J. C. Bray)— :t may. PBTNITNG PAPEB. Mr. COGLIN moved— ' That* Petition No. 22 presented on July 25 rom fifty-one persons be printed.' Carried. ? PAPERS. The CHIEF SECBETABY (Hon. J. C. Bray) laid m the table — Annual Report ef the Central Board of Health. The TEEASUBEE (Hon. L. Glyde) laid on the able — Details of the Estimated Revenue ; Summary of ;he Estimated Revenue and Expenditure, and Details of the Bonded Debt Liabilities. Appendices relating to the Treasurer's Financial Speech. The MINISTER of EDUCATION (Hon. J. L. Parsons) laid on the table — Report and Estimates of the Palmerstoa and Pine -eek Railway. Return to order of the House, on motion of Mr. Penning, relative to the University Lands at iVirreanda. To be printed.] SUPPLY.— THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT. The House having gone into Committee of Supply, ? The TBEASUBEB (Hon. L. Glyde) said— Mr. burner, I am sorry to say that I have not such a Peasant tale to tell this year as I had last year, but [ shall try to say what I have to say aa fairly and »ndsery ai possible, and anxiously try to avoid my exaggeration on either side. I am quite aware hat this colony may be considered to be in rather a critical position, and therefore it behoves the Par lament and myself to be very careful in dealing. *ith the finances of the colony. I shall therefore :e more careful than ever in trying to state the xwritlon as clearly and briefly as I can, and to avoid minting a picture either from an optimist's or a jesaimist's point of view. The Financial Position. We began July 1, 1882, with a credit balance of £67,000, and with a liability in the shape of unex pended balances of £108,000, and we ended the last financial year on June 30 with a iebit balance of £76,000 and a liability for unexpended balances of £114,000. Of course it is apparent at a glance that we were worse off at the end of the year than we -were at the beginning, and I shall be reminded — of what I have certainly not forgotten— that when I was speaking on the subject last year I stated that the Treasurer of to-day, whoever he might be, would probably have a credit balance of £50,000, and unexpended balances to the amount of £100,000. (Hear, hear.) So he would have had had it not been for the un expected and remarkable falllng-off in the item of land sales, which failed to realize the estimate by no less a sum than £147,000. Turning to the Ways and Means— and I have asked the Messenger to lay copies of the W&js; and Means before bon. members — I have no doubt that hon. members will be glad to observe what I now point out, that, leaving out the land sales, the ether items of revenue have exceeded the estimate by just about £50,000{; but, of course, the land sales were £147,000 short. Hon. members will observe that to- day I have introduced a third column into the Ways and Means, showing at a glance the estimated revenue for last year, the acttul revenue for last year, and the estimated revenue for this coming year. I thought it would be more convenient for hon. members to be able to see all these figures at a glance so as to enable them to follow my remarks, perhaps, as we go along. (Hear, hear.) I think, putting aside the particular item of land sales, that we nay fairly congratulate ourselves that the other items positively exceed the estimate, although we have had such a remarkably bad year. CUSTOMS. I would like to refer to some of the details of the Estimates, and I will commence with the item of Customs. When I brought down my revised Ways and Means in October last, I ventured to raise the estimated revenue from Customs from £625 000 to £650,000, and I believe some of my hon. friends warned me that I was a little too sanguine. How ever, I am glad to be able to say that I was just about right, because the Customs have realized £658,000. From the Treasurer's point of view that is a very pleasing fact, although from other points of view, to which I shall refer later on, it may not be such a healthy sign. The Hon. J. COLTON— Hear, hear. The TBEASTJBEB — Now, on tbia question of Customs I wish to call the attention of the House to Appendix No. 11, where I have had set out the figures relating to our Convention with New South Wales. Hon. members will remember that last year and the year before, I believe, there was a good deal of discussion 'about thi3 particular ques tion. I pointed out last year that in round numbers about twelve months age— that is, up to July II, 1882— we had lost something like £20,000 by the bargain with New South Wales, but I stated that it was quite possible that the next sis months' work or business might alter these figures considerably. I am very glad now to be able to point out that the six months succeeding July 11, 1S33, did alter those figures very materially, and if hon. members will refer to Appendix 11 they will see how this is set out, for South' Australia during that sis months actually made a profit on the terms of Convention of £2,751. IhavehadthefiguresmadenptoJnlyUthia year— that is, up to about a week ago— in order to give hon. membars an opportunity of thinking about the matter, and of giving the Government the benefit of their advice as to whether it may be advisable to go on with this Convention. I would remind hon. mem bers that by the agreement made between the two Governments in January, 1SS1, th3 Convention ex tends for three tears, and will expire next January, and it h now time for as to consider whether it will be well to try and renew this on the same terms, and on what other terms it may be possible to do so. The figures actually bearing on this question in the ps per. will gboirUfti li the present moment, erea after the profit made last, we appear to have made —we haTe made a loss in fact of £16,027— but there Is a note attached to that return by the Collector of Customs which I win read:— 'My requests for information 'to base value of trade with New South Wales over the Border made to private persons who used to supply same innually, not having been responded to of late years, I am unable to say, with any iccuracy, the amount of same, but estimate it to ba ibout £2,000 per annum, or so much off loss on Convention shown above.' Accordingly, I have 3poken to Mr. Sanderson on this point, and he says if I take £5,000 off the £16,000 it wOl be fair, and there is no doubt that we have made a positive loss on this bargain of about £11,000. (Hear, hear.) I may say that when I was in Sydney in February last £ spoke to Mr. Stuart and Mr. Dibbs, the Chief Sec retary and Treasurer of New South Wales, on this very point.- Of course I knew the Convention waa only for three years, and that two years had ex pired, and I gathered from them— at least Mr. Dibbs gave me to understand that he waa not disposed to renew the Convention with South Australia on the same terms as before. X dare say, however, that Mr. Dibbs's miad was influenced in. that direction by the fad that daring the six months previous to our interview— from July, 1882, to January, 188S— there could be no doubt that South Australia had gained. Mr. Dibbs had sot bees long in office— only ibontltwo or three weeks, and perh&p;* had not become familiar witb the whole thing, and it was only natural that he should say— No, yon are making i profit out of the arrangement, and I cannot con lent, to a renewal on the same terms. Mr. JOHNSON— Be wanta to dip a little deeper Into South Australia's pockets. (Laughter.) The TBBASURBB— I think these figures wfll be seen by Mr. Dibbs, and they show that on the average for two and a- half years we have made a certain loss of £11,000 ; and from enquiry at the Custom House and from one's general knowledge of trhat is going on I have no reason to hope that the soming six months will very much alter that position. [ shall be glad to hear from hon. members who inderstand this matter quite as well as I do their dews as to whether it would be advisable to renew the convention with New South Wales. My own impression is that the fairest way to do something irould be to try and make an arrangement based on ihe actual result of the duty that New South (Vales would have collected on all goods if io ^convention were in force. By reference to the appendix it will be seen that the total unonnt of duty that would have been collected by New South Wales would have been £103,035, as kgainst £118,000, which we have positively paid to them. I think it may be well for us to consider whether we may not try to make aa arrangement irith New South Wales on that basis. (Hear, hear.) [ think it well to mention this question as one of great importance to some of our merchants, and I shall be glad of the opinions of some hon. members on this point. Connected with this matter ia the subject of the traffic over the boundary, of which. I think Mr. Landseer knows something. We iiave had some difficulty in settling with New South Wales over this matter, and this was some thing we discussed when I was in Sydney in February. The Sydney people seem to think that the convention only extends to the River Murray traffic, but we say, and it appears to be plain on the face of it, that it extends to the boundary between the two colonies. However, they lo not seem to ' read it in the same way, md np to the present moment they have not acceded to our request to place Customs officers on the boundary-line at Thackaringa and the Albert Sold- fields. - We have communicated with them two jt three times lately, and sent them elaborate re. ports from bur Customs officers, and I telegraphed to Mr. Dibbs about a week ago, telling him that we bad no reply, and that I should be very glad to innounce that the Sydney Government had com plied with the request of oar Government as to the placing of Customs officers on the boundary-line. I have had no reply up to the present time, but I hope that that Government win accede to our re quest, which is a perfectly reasonable one. (Hear dear.) Perhaps on this question I may say a word » two about the deputation which: waited on me last week, introduced by the Hon. J. Colton. They isked the Government to alter the system by which merchants claiming drawbacks upon goods exported to Western Australia and other places could not )btain their money until the actual return of the certificates from the ports to which ths goods were sent, and they therefore pointed out that they were placed at a disadvantage {as compared with the merchants in Sydney or Melbourne, who san get their drawbacks as soon as the ship is gone iway, and save considerable delay and trouble. I was also asked by some of the merchants whether ire could apply the same regulation to the trade on the Murray. There I hesitated, and I said I did not suppose the Customs officers would advise any thing of this kind. I may say now that the Govern ment have considered the question with regard to the drawbacks on goods exported by sea to Western Australia and the other colonies, and we will try to meet the views of the deputation on this point. In i few days the special Bill which will be necessary io effect the alteration will be introduced. With regard to the Biver Murray trade, we can hardly sonsent to meet them in the same way. Now, let me all the attention of hon. members to Appendix 10, which sets out the results of our arrange ment with Victoria about the Border trade. We entered into a somewhat similar arrangement with Victoria to that we had with New South Wales, and here again I am sorry to have to repeat what I said last year— that South Australia is cer tainly losing money by the arrangement. I pointed out last year that we had made an actual loss. I could only show the result of five months' working of the arrangement, and stated that we had lost £600, from which might be deducted about £100 received for duties on goods. The return, which is up to Tune SO, will show hon. members, and convince them, I hope, that we have lost during the last year just about £1,000 in consequence of carrying on this arrangement with Victoria. (Hear, hear.) Mr. JOHNSON— Did we ever get the best of it? The TBEASUBEB— No, never. Of course, I happen to be one of the members for one of the Sonth.Bastern districts, and X do not want to do anything contrary to the interests of my own district; but, as the Treasurer of the colony, I am bound to point out that I doubt very much whether it is worth while to make this arrangement with Victoria. If the tariffs of the colonies were fdmn» it would be a different thing, and I should be happy to make an arrangement ; but when we said an arrangement by which the colony has to pay the heavy duty which Victoria exacts I doubt whether it will be worth while to continue it I suppose this £1,000 goes into the pockets of the very few storekeepers in the South-East. Mr. HENNTNG— You have extra railway charges. The TBEASUBEB— That ia all taken into con* Bideration. Bailwats. Now, I would call attention to the revenue from railways for the last year, and I think we may con gratulate ourselves that the estimated revenue from railways is exceeded by £10,000. We esti mated last year that we should receive £477,009, while the actual receipts have reached close - upon £487,000, and this notwithstanding the remark ably bad season through -which we have passed. I think we may fairly take credit to ourselves for having not overestimated the traffic on our railways. While npon this question I will ask hon. members to turn to Appendix No. 20, where the usual state ment appears of the return showing the approximate cost and annual working expenses of and the revenue fromf railways and tramways. I would call attention to the lines at the bottom. I remem ber two years ago, when I was making my financial statement, I was very pleased to be able to point to a similar return, and show that, by Mr. Hack's statement, we were making something like 3J per cent, over the working expenses of our railways. Now, it is not so much— (Hear, hear)— and, of course, as we push out our railways into new country we can hardly expect an increased percentage of our profits, so to speak. On ths contrary, for some time our profit must gradually lessen. (Hear, hear.) Accordingly, if hon. members will look at this re turn they will see that Mr. Pickering, who is now Acting Accountant, makes the return about 2\ per cent, above the actual working expenses of the railways, and I say that In a young country like this that is not a bad return. (Hear, hear.) Seeing the way in which we have put our shoulders to the wheel, we ought to be satisfied to drive our railways into the country, not for the sake of immediate return, but for the B^ke of the great future before us. Land Sales. Now I come to the item of land sales for last year, and here I wish to say a few words. Of course the results of the land sales for last year were very disappointing, as, instead of realizing £512,000, we only received £365,000. To some extent this sudden f alling-o8 has led us into all our troubles. Mr. TOMKINSON— Hear, hear. The TEEASTJHEE— I wish to say at once, and most firmly, that this is not the fault of the Govern ment. (Oh, oh, and laughter.) Certainly not the fault of the Government. I say the falling-ofi of £147,600 arose from three reasons. The first of these is the House agreeing to the amendment pro posed by Mr. Beaglehole last year, which certainly was not contemplated when I put the figures down at £512,000. By this amendment all the interest payments were swept away. Of course I am not blaming my hon. friend Mr. Beaglehole, as owing to the strongly expressed opinion of the House the Government accepted the amendment, and I do not wish to exaggerate the effect of the amendment, because np to the present time the effect of the sweeping away of the interest is hardly beginning to be felt. I do not suppose that we have lost much more up to the present moment than say £20,000 by the carrying of this amendment Mr. HOWE — You have not lost anything. The TBEASUBEB— I am coming to that in a moment We have lost a certain amount of interest already in consequence of the passing of thi3 amendment, and the second cause of the falling-off is the natural hesitation of people about going in for purchase of land in consequence of the continual alteration of the land laws. (Hear, hear.) Of course the third and crushing cause of the whole thing was the disastrous failure of the harvest of last year. Mr. BEAGLEHOLE— It was the surrender clauses. The TREASURER— I will deal with that pre sently. In August last, when I brought down the Estimates, I believe we were all exceedingly san guine as to the prospects of the season. (No, no ; and Hear, hear.) All of us at first were exceedingly ?t&Kuine; about the season. (No.) My friend Mr. Howe had not begun to croack then. Mr. HO WE— Certainly not. The TREASURER— We were all looking forward to a twelve-bushel harvest— (No, no)— and under the circumstances I think it is really wonderful that we have realized even £365,000. Mr. Beaglehole sud the falling-off was due to the operation of the sur render clauses, but I say that not a sixpence of this loss to the revenue is due to the surrender clauses. It is impossible that it should be, and, on the con trary, we have received thousands andlthonssnds of pounds which are included in this £365,000 is con« sequence of the operation of ihe surrender clauses, ' and if my hon. friend the Commissioner hadj not accepted the surrenders aa he did.we should never have got the money. Mr. FRASER— An easy way of making money, Mr. BRIGHT— I wish ha had not. The TBEASUBEB— If my hon. friend Mr. Eraser follows this argument he is sufficiently logical to see that not a single sixpence of thia Ealling-off is due to the operation of the surrender clauses, and if the Commissioner had not carried out the Act so liberally we should not have had so much. Mr. BRIGHT— I wish he had not The TBEASUBBB— That is quite another ques tion— I am now explaining where we got the money. [Laughter.) Of course I shall be told thai I ought to bare been conversant witb all this, and that when I ' brought down the revised Ways and Means in October last I ought to have altered the figures. ' Now, X told the House when X brought down the Ways and Means that no man could tell whether or not they woold be realized so far as the estimated land revenu* web concerned by £109,000, and I will jay the same thing with regard to the next estimate. I defy any man to teU to £100,000 what the land 3ales will mlize. We have realized the revenue with only a deficiency of £98,000, as it happens ; and In October last, if hon. members will fairly remember the time, everybody was ready and willing to finish off the work as soon as possible, and I say it would have been perfectly absurd then to have come down witb any new scheme of taxation. In last October the House would only have said that the Government need not trouble themselves, and the figures would have been allowed to stand. Now, the total revenue for last year was £2,092,000, being just about £160,000 less than that of the year before, and £98,000 less than the estimate ; and this falling off of £98,000 from the estimate is entirely owing to the laad 'sales being so much short Really, looking a't the matter fairly and impartially, we cannot be very much disappointed with the result of last year's work. ExPEirorruHE. The total expenditure for last year was £2,225,880, being about £83,000 more than in the previous year, and £75,000 less than the estimate, and leaving £114,000 of unexpended balances. Excesses. The excesses, returns of which I laid on the table just now, amount to £96,212, being very much less than last year, when I had to ask the House to pass excesses to the amount of £163,000. Of course we knew that we had to be economical and accor dingly kept down the expenses as much as we could, and I think we have been successful in bringing them so low as £99,000. The principal excesses I will just allude to now, and I shall try to explain every single line afterwards. One of the heaviest items is that of immigratioi, £18,000. Hon. mem bers will remember when I was speaking on this question last year, and asked the House to grant only £25,000 for immigration, I said the Government would not shirk the responsibility of spending £10,000, or .even £20,000, more than the amount voted if they found the applications were coming in both here and in London from persons who were willing to pay part of the cost of the passage in sufficient numbers to justify them. Ac cordingly, the Comadssioner of Crown Lands felt called upon to spend £18,000 beyond the £25,000 proposed to be expended last year. Another large item is pensions and re tiring allowances, which amounts to £10,000 in round numbers— I am speaking In round numbers for the sake of convenience— that is to say, that under the Civil Service Amendment Act a large number of gentlemen chose, to take then* money and retire from the service— a much larger number than the Government antici pated. This thing cannot go on for ever ; and this drain upon the public purse must of course gradu ally cease. Another heavy item of excess is the aid to District Councils, the amount of the excess being abont £8,000. This is the sort of thing that must ^be paid, and the Government took the re sponsibility of this. Bail-ways and Tramways are credited with an increase of £8,107, Postal and Tele graph Services witb £6,700, and the Government Printing Office with £6,400. There are other minor items which, of course, we can explain when we come to them in the proper place. Now, our actual position on June SO was that our revenue had been £98,000 less than we estimated, and, accordingly, instead of having £50,000 in cash and unexpended balances to the amount of £100,000, I had un expended balances to the amount of £114,000 and a debit balance of £75,900. Of course I need hardly tell hon. members who understand these matters that this £75,000 has been borrowed fiom the Loan Fund pro tern. Population. So much for the past I now turn to the present, and would ask hon. members to glance with me at the Appendix 13, which shows the usual decennial return of population, imports and exports, and so on. Again, by rather pushing the office we have managed to bring down the figures to June 30, in order to give hon. members an opportunity of seeing pretty well how we stand. First of all, I would say a word or two about our population, which I was going to say was the most important point of all, as without population we are nothing. (Hear, hear.) I was disappointed in not being able to an nounce last year that our population bad reached 800,000, and I am obliged to repeat my disappoint ment, as even now, a year afterwards, I cannot announce that our population has reached the num ber of 300,000 souls. I am very sorry to say it, as the population certainly ought to have reached this number and to have turned the corner. (Hear, hear.) The actual number given in the return up to the end of the year, and I believe the figures are correct, is 298,458, being just about 9,000 people more than we had twelve months ago. The usual average increase of population by the excess of births over deaths is about i\ per cent ; that is a well recognised fact in most civilized countries, and this rate of increase on our population would give about 7,000. Now, the actual number of people introduced at the Govern ment expense, or principally at the Govern ment expense, during the year, was 2,112, so that I am sorry to have to point out that, aa far m the figures show, very few people have come here at their own expense. Per haps I may be allowed to say that yesterday I ob served in the report of the Chamber of Commerce which was published in April last, that Mr. George Boothby, the then Chairman, mentioned that the population at the end of December, 1882, was 299,600. I went to see him to ascertain where he had got his information from, because if his figures were correct it would appear as If 2,000 or 3,000 people had slipped away from the colony in the meantime. (An hoc. member—' So they have.') I believe I am cor rect in saying that Mr. Boothby's figures Included the aboriginals in the colony, while mine do not Still, the result is not very encouraging. Last year I had to lament the fact that only about 400 or 500 people appeared to have come here on their own account during the previous year, but so far as ths figures show no one has come here on hia own account during the past twelve months ; that is to say, that the whole of the increase Is accounted for by the excess of births over deaths and immigration. Mr. BOWEB— More than 900 went away from the colony in excess of the number who left by water. The TBEASUBEB — That is different from the figures I have. It is, of course, impossible to know exactly how many people are going backwards and forwards between this and the other colonies over land, so that of course these figures are only approximate. I should consider myself justified in saying that in round numbers the popu lation of South Australia is 800,000. (Hear, hear.) Now, I -wish to call attention to this same return of imports and exports. I ventured to make soma remarks on this subject last session, and I wish to say a little more about it this year, because I haTe had more time to consider the question. My atten tion has been called to the question of the balance between imports and exports, and I am confirmed in the opinion which I ventured to hint, at last year that it is]not a good thing— that it is not a sound or healthy sign for a young community like thia when the imports very much exceed the exports. (Hear, hear.) If hon. members will look at these figures they will be startled (if they do not know it before, and probably they do not) by finding that during the last financial year we positively imported two millions worth of goods more than we exported. (Hear, hear.) You may say that that was an excep tional year, but to show the matter clearly I have taken out the exports for the last three years. Hon. members can do the same thing themselves in a moment, and they will find that during the last three years South Australia has imported tkrea million pounds' worth more of goods than we have exported. Mr. BOWEB— Paid foT by borrowed money. The TEEASUBEB— I wish to put the thing fairly and truly before hon. members, and so I will point out that about a million or a little more of those imports have been Government goods— railway materials, plant, and so on — which must be taken from the calculation ; but still there remains the un doubted fact that South Australia has imported two million pounds worth of goeds during the last three years. I am leaving out the million for Government stores that we have imported. Mr. JOHNSON— Or required. The TBEASURER— That I think is anything bat a sound and healthy sign in a young community like ours. (Hear, hear.) I know that opinions differ re garding thfa point I am aware that some political economists will say it is a sign of wealth and pros perity if your imports exceed your exports. Mr. JOHNSON— And so they are if yoa do not pay for them. (Laughter.) The TREASURER— And they poict to England as an instance ; but England is the capitalist of the world — (Hear, hear) — and is quite differently circum stanced from a young country. I am also aware tb.it there is a great deal of soundness in the proposition that figures like these may be very fallacious, unless you follow the imports and exports to their destina tion. That is .true. I am an exporter and aa im porter myself, and I have some little practical know i ledge— and no ;doubt plenty of my hon. 'fdendi iroundjmehave asmacaandmore — butlwiHs&yfrom; my own little experience that, with regard to the exports of wool and wheat, the figures quoted it the Customs as their value at Port Adelaide are inch as the articles realize at home. Mr. HO WE— That is worse still. The TREASURES— It is a fact, and any exporter will tell yon the same thing that during the last three years the figures given at the Custom House la the value of these goods show the value received For them at the sales ; therefore these figures are so Ear reliable. Now then, about the imports. Some of is know, too, that when we import goods it is often rery difficult to get a profit npon them. (Hear, iear.) Upon the whole the shopkeepers generally -btain a pretty large profit, and certainly the figures given at the Custom House as the value of the ;oods at the time of importation are not mow than they realize. Accordingly we may take these Sguresas approximately correct, and I venture to ay to my friends around me that It shows i very bad state of things when a young »lony like this, witb a mere handful of 100,000 people, imports is three yean more than two millions over its' exports. I cannot undotntaTid ;he logic of those who take toe other side. Will tcybody say that supposing the figures were re rewed— that we had exported two millions more — hai we would not have beea more prosperous? Hear, hear.) It is impossible to deny that fact, tad I cannot understand how some political econo mists try to argue »n the other side. X say we are producing too little and spending too much. (Hear, lear.) That is it in a few words, and I am speaking ?A individuals generally aa well as of the community. [ am not now speaking of the development of our Miblic works. That is another question to which I Rill come by and by, but on this particular question [ say we are drifting into trouble. Now, with regard io the matter of imports, one of the things which aaa struck me and other men ia why we import so nany articles which we can produce ourselves. I nave taken out of the Customs returns a few figures relating to articles which I think we might produce by taking advantage of our rlfmatft and g^'^i An hon. member— Protection. The TREASURER— I am sot going into the juestion of heavy protective duties to enable us to try and produce things which we can Import far- cheaper, but I am speaking of the staple produce of South Australia for which we send to other countries. I have had the follow ing figures picKed out, and I will hand them to the Press. During the last three yean these articles have been imported into South Australia, and Z venture to say that all of them might and ought to have been produced by ourselves. (Hear, hear.) Ihere is bacon, £4,247 ; hams, £17,3SS ; and butter actually £71,669. Mr. KING — You cannot get it here. The TBEASUBEB— Then there 13 cheese, 681,000; biscuits, £6,000; candles, £98,000. We positively send our tallow 15,000 miles, and then bring it back again in the shape of candles made up In sperm or other materials. The Hon. J. COLTON— Is this return for three years or one 1 The TBEASUBEB— It is for three years. Then there is the item— fresh fruita, £34,000. (Oh ; dried Emits.) Yes, dried fruits, and brought hero to the' rery place where they ought to be made, £103,000 ; potatoes, £96,000— (Hear, hear)— pickles, £24,000; and for wine positively nearly £100,000— the actual unount is £94,009. I am aa importer of wine myself. (Laughter.) Mr. BASEDOW— Shame. (Laughter.) The TBEASUBEB— Then, to go en farther, there ire tweeds and blankets, £340,000. Mr. BEES— We are going to remedy that. The TBEASUBEB— There is also leather, £61,000. I suppose hon. members will be surprised when I mention the total, and I suppose nearly all the articles I have enumerated might be produced Ji ere, more or less. I have left out of this return' many minor articles, and have just picked out those which would strike the eye of any observer who might look Into the matter. The total amount is £1,056,344, and I venture to say that at least half that amount might have been saved to the colony and spent among ourselves if the people who might produce these things would pay a little more attention to the manufacture and growth of these articles. Here we have imported wine to the value of £94,000. Mr. BOUNSEYELL— What a shame. The TREASURES— And we have exported during the same time only £45,000 worth of wine. Mr. HOWK— That ia very good ; we are improv ing. The TBEASUBEB— I was just going to say that during the last of the three years we exported wine to the value of nearly £20,000. (Hear, hear.) Mr. FBASEB— We are sending away better wine than we are importing. (Hear, hear.) The TREASURES— I was just going to mike the same remark— (laughter-— that half the wine that comes here and costs £94,000 is not half so good as ours. - Mr. BOUNSEVELL— Not PreUert? ' The TBEASUBEB— Half the wine, I said. Here ia an opportunity for our fellow-colonists to by and do something for themselves and the good of the community at large. Instead of sending away our hard money here is the proper way to encourage and develop our industries. The Hon. J. COLTON— Protection. The TREASTJBEB— I say the protection upon these things is the freight from somewhere else — (Hear, hear)— it is the protection of our own splendid soil and climate. (Heir, hear.) Is there a finer climate in tha world for wine-growing than in South Australia? (Hear, hear.) I honestly believe thit at this moment —and I have some reason for sayiu^ thia— some of our own South Australian winss go r home to Europe, are doctored there a little, and are again sold to us. Mr. FBASEB— At double the price. (Lau-btar.) The TBBASUBEB— Y«j. I do not know wh athor hon. members observed in the newspapers a month or so ago a paragraph stating that South Australian wines were becoming quite the fashion at the House of Commons, and that it was quite the thing for members of that House to ask their friends to go to Bellamy's to drink Australian wines. (Hear, hear.) I am not here to advertise any particular wine — (laughter) — but, aa one who claims to know what a wine ought to be, I say that some of our Adelaide wines are fit to be placed upon the table of any gentleman, and are a great deal better than many of the fiery ports and beastly sherries which some of us have to drink at the banquets we have to attend. (Laughter, and Hear, hear.) I shall be extremely glad if the remarks which I have just now made, and the figures I have quoted, to show what we have imported daring the last three years will have the effect of drawing the attention of some of our population to the de sirability of giving their attention to the wealth which, so to speak, lies at our feet, if they will only cultivate our resources. Thb Adelaide Exhibition. I trust that before the time for the holding of tho Adelaide Exhibition comes round the Treasurer of the day, whoever he may be, and I hope it will be myself— (anghter)— will not be able to show a set of figures like these. It is really disgraceful of our colony to say that we had to spend one million of money on articles which might have been pro duced within a few mi'es .of our own dwellings. (Hear, hear.) What are we going to have this Ex hibition for!? Mr. TOMKINSON— Aye, aye 1 (Laughter.) ? The TBEASUBEB— We are going to have it not for the purpose of showing the people who come here what a place this is to send their imports to, but I presume that we propose holding it for the purpose of showing the people who visit it what a grand place South Australia is to come to and settle in —(Hear, bear)— and secondly, what splendid ex ports we have, if they will only buy them. (Hear, hear.) That Is why we are Kolng to hold the Exhibition, and accordingly I hope that we will set to work during the next three years and show what we can produce In South Australia. (Hear, hear.) Speaking of the Exhibition, I regret very much to see that some of our principal men are shy of having anything to do with it, but I hope that they will think a?ittle more over the scheme, because if there is anything which South Australia ought to be unani mous abont it ^3 the matter of this Exhibition. (Hear, hear.) In connection with this subject,; I may mention an interesting and not unpleasant fact. In looking through the accounts of tae Loin Fund, I found that we have an amount of something like £200,000 left out of loans which have been previously raised for railway purposes, but 'which we can vote for other purposes under a Transfer' Loan Bill, something like the one which I brought in two years ago. The Hon. J. COLTOX— Ia this money ia addi tion to what you then dealt with ? The TREASTJBEB— Yes ; I find that there is a surplus in the case of the Terowie and Pichirichj Railway of about £100,000, which is available for transfer ; that npon the Port Augusta and Govern ment Gums Bailway there is about £66,000, which can be treated in the same way Mr. JOHNSON— Where is it 1 (Laughter.) The TREASURES — In the i*Mtfr» The CHIEF SECBETABY— It is deposited in the Basks. The TREASURER— Oh, it Is quite safe. (Loud laughter.) Then there is £30,000 available from, and voted for, the Narracoorte and Tatiara Railway. I am not prepared to-day to lay on the table the actual amounts, but in a- week or two I hope to be ablefto do so ; but the total is something about £200,000, which will not be wanted for the object for which it was voted, and so it will be available for other purposes as Parliament may direct I think it is likely we will ask the House to sanction this amount being applied for two purposes which I think will at once occur to hon. members. Oa3 is for the completion of the new Parliament Houses, for which work we will require £50,090. Only £50,000 has already been voted, and of course, aa the contract has been signed for something like £100,000, the amount. I nave mentioned win be wanted to make up the total sum required. Then there if £150,000 remaining, which will come in exactly for the purposes of the Exhibition. I am sot speaking as a member of the Government at this moment, but as a Governor of the South Australian Institute. I hope that the suggestion I threw out last year will be carried— that the site of the new Exhibition will be fixed at tha new Insti tute site, and that Parliament will agree to complete the new Institute in time, for it will form a splendid nucleus to that Exhibition. I believe that question is being considered by some of the Committees of the Exhibition, and tiieir report is expected to be banded to His KxceQency the Governor at an aadydate. I do &ot; know what it will be, but I aee Bobarminexpreasiagawisb that they may advise that that lite be selected ; and I also hope that Par liament will strengthen the hands of tha Govern ment, and allow them to go on with ths work at once. The Bonded Debt. Speaking of the Loan Food, I suppose a Budget Speech would not be complete unless some thing, was said about the bonded debt. The unount of that debt at this moment ii £12,453,400, or just £42 ID*, per head of the population. I think that twice this session my attention has been called by hon. members to what I said last year to the effect that I thought we might safely go as far is £50 per head in borrowing. I adhere to that spinion. I think we may safely go up to £50 per bead, and unless we exceed that we are certainly on the safe sida I have beard some political economists lay down thia axiom— that in a young country like this, which of course must borrow money to levelop its resources, there will be no great harm »o long as the Customs duties will pay the interest on the national debt That is an important question, md well worthy the consideration of thoughtful men ; but I am no* prepared at this moment to My (rbetfaer I entirely assent to the proposition or not, Jthough there is a great deal in it to recommend tt to foi'M'g minds. Presuming, however, that it [fl^true we are well within the limits of safety, because in round numbers the interest upon our national debt, which I shall ask for by-and-by, is £643,000, while the revenue from the Customs Is E666.000, so we are well within the limits laid down sy the political economists who believe in the udoml haTe referred to. Of course the figures I have referred to do not include the loan of last fear of £1,438,500, the bonds of which are now Is London in the bvids of the Agent- General. I irould say, after careful consideration, that we do not feel justified in issuing those bonds at 3J per cent., aa I hinted last yes we might do. The House will remember that the Act was passed with out the rate of interest being mentioned ; but after carefully considering the subject I filled up the bonds at i per cent, although there is a good deal to be said in favour of issuing them tX the lower rate of ^ per cent My friend the Hon. Mr. Spence has favoured me witb some figures and calculations upon thia matter, and he points out with great clearness and mathematical accuracy that, supposing we could sell our 3{ per cent bonds at £92 — which we would very likely do— it would without doubt be very much better than disposing of our 4 per cent bonds at par, because the interest saved, if invested at tae same rate of interest, would considerably more than cover the difference of principal received. There is do; doubt that upon the amount of a million of loan money something like £35,000 would be positively saved to the colony by the transaction. However, up to the present moment we have not thought fit to make a change from the old-established 4 per cent to Z\ per cent. I do not know whether I am expected to say anything about the new loan. If I am pressed upon the matter of course I shall have an opportunity of speaking again, and I will be able to make an explanation why the loan has not been floated yet, but I will re spectfully ask bon. members not to discuss that question unless they think it absolutely necessary to do so. We have been warned from time to time by the best authorities in London that it is unwise to discuss proposed loam in our Parliaments. The loan is not floated yet, and we do not intend to place it on the marktt just now. Mr. BOUNSEYELL— Tell us when you are going to float it The TBEASUBEB— That is exactly what I shall not do. (Loud laughter.) Pardon my speaking in that way, but that is exactly what every Treasurer ought to avoid letting out, because telegrams would be sent borne warning the financial brokers of the fact. I believe I have used the following illustration before, but I will employ it again, as I think it is very appropriate. The floating of these loans is something like a game of whist between the Treasurer and the Agent-General as partners on the one Bide, against the Bankers ani the financial brokers as partners on the opposite side, and the less said by onlookers the better. (Loud laughter.) The Ihsceiptioh op stock. I nay inform the House of what I believe has not been publicly stated yet, that we have arranged with Messrs. Glyn & Co. to go on inscribing our stock. The firm inscribed our last stock, and we have agreed that they shall act in the same way with regard to our next loan when it comes out I am glad to tell the House that since I spoke to hon. members six weeks ago on this subject I. have received information from various quarters, from gentlemen who were able to advise us on the matter, that there is no truth in the statement that the fact of our having our bonds inscribed at the Bank of England would make them bring a great deal more. They say that Glyn & Co. stand Al in London, and if we had gone to the Bank of England and had paid the extra price asked for by them we would not have got sixpence more for our stock. I am glad to be able to tell the House that, and to know that we have acted rightly in placing the in scription of our stock in the hands of Messrs. Glyn & Co. I may teU the House that many of the holders ot the older bonds are coming to the Agent-General to ask when we will arrange to inscribe the stock of the old loans. That matter has not been settled yet It is a large question, because the Government ought not to be put to any expense in the matter— (Hear, hear)— and we will have to consider what we will do before deciding as to the terms. The Compounded Ddty. I may also mention what I believe has not been publicly stated before. Perhaps some hon. members noticed about two or three months ago telegrams which mentioned that the Agent-General had waited npon one of the English Ministers about the reductions of the compounded duty upon inscribed stock. I will give some explanation upon that matter, be cause it 4s rather interesting. I told the Houte last year, when it passed the Inscribed Stock Bill, that the compounded duty on the stock would be 7s. 6d. per cent ander the Imperial Act ot 1877. Wnen I waff in Melbourne some six months ago, Sir Bryan OXoghlen called my attention to the fact that the duty was more than 7s. 6dL per cent— that by an Imperial Act, passed since the former measure fixing that rate the duty bad been raised to 12s. 6d. per cent, which is rather a serious matter when you come to mil lions. When I returned home, I had the subject looked into, and we found that Sir Bryan was correct— that the dnty had been raised to 12s.; 6d. Z telegraphed to Mr. Service and Mr. Dibbs at Sydney, asking if they would join with us in asking the Imperial Government to pass a short Act to remedy this, because the charge seems to have been made by an oversight, or it is an injustice to the Australian Colonies, aa Canada is exempt from the higher rate. I got Dr. Smith, the Government Draftsman, to draft a memo, on the subject, which I will read to the House. He says—' The Statute 40 and 41, Victoria, chapter 59, 1877. section 3, exempted colonial stock from stamp duty on transfer, on payment by the colony to inland revenue of 7s. 6d. per cent, upon the total amount of stock Inscribed. This Act was called the Colonial Stock Act, 1877, and was franed expressly for regulating such stock, and the duties to be borne in respect of it But by the Inland Bevenue Act, 18S0, section 54, an Act of a general character, this exemption is taken away and the stamp duty on colonial stock is raised to la. 3d. on £10, or 12a. 6d. per cent, the amount imposed in the preceding section S3 on municipal stock. Might not this in crease of burden have been made per inauriamt especially as Canada, on which the burden is ex pressly imposed by section 51, Is afterwards remitted to! her former .rights under the Act by the Bevenue Friendly Societies Act 1882, chapter 72, section 17. The Government of South Australia ask to have the benefit of a similar correction, or at least to be allowed the like indulgence as has been extended to Canada, and to have the composition transfer duly reduced to the 7b. 6d. ver cent imposed by the Act of 1877.'1 That explains the matter very clearly. The Vic torian Government and the Sydney Government both telegraphed to their Agenta-General, and they, with Sir Arthur Blyth, waited upon the Imperial Government and pointed oat this grievance under which the Australian Governments laboured through what was probably an oversight It will be seen that when we come to deal with millions this extra 5s. per cent amounts to a great deal of money, and it is wen worth our while to ask the home Government lo relieve us from it, but I regret to say that I betfeve that -op to this time the Agents General have not been successful in their exertions. I have explained this matter fully, and it will be seen that we have some reason for hoping that the Imperial Government will give way to us, and so considerably relieve us in this matter. Sir Arthur Blyth, in one of his latest despatches, writes that Messrs. Glyn & Co. have no reason to doubt that they will be able to get the half-crown per cent stamp duty which we will have to pay npon the bonds which have been inscribed returned when they con tribute the 12s. 6d. per cent, compounded duty, which we will have to pay npon the stock. That will he some hundreds or thousands saved to us. (Hear, hear.) The Estimates of Expesditche. Now, having glanced at the past and the present, le^t me turn tc the future, and say a few words about the Estimates, although I do not intend to go into details with regard to them, because as we go through them in Committee we will be able to make full explanations abont each item. The total amount we ask for ia £1,697,413, being abont £9,000 less than the amount voted last year. I will only mention three items, the first being the vote for main roads. The maintenance allowed for main roads .last year waa £120,000, but this year we propose to ask for only £100,000 in addition to the unexpended balances, which are something very considerable, being no leas than £43,000. That means that the Boards of Main Boada will have £148,000 to expend during the present year. The Hon. J. COLTON— What was the amount last year? The TBEASUBEB— You win observe it in the last column of the return. I think the total is about £6,000 less than was voted last session, and in these times of economy I feel that the Boards may be very glad indeed that we have been able to provide as much as £100,000 for them. Mr. HAINES— If you had put a little more to our credit it would have been better. The TBEASUBEB— I know this is a great sub ject with Mr- Haines, but I believe In some parts o the colony Che Local Boards ot Main Boada positively do not know bow to spend the money which k apportioned to them. Mr. HAINES— Who apportions lti The TBEASUBEB— I don't Mr. HAINES— The Government 7 The TBEASUBEB— I dare say that member* observe with some degree of interest the lino, 'Aid to District Councils and Corporitiona.' (Hear, hear.) We have allowed it to stand as before, and when I got a little further on inmy speech I think hon. members will recognise tho reasons which prompted the Government not to disturb that item ftt present In regard to the vote lor immigration, we have taken the responsibility of raising it from £25,000, voted last year, to £10,000. (Hear, hear.) We have actually spent during tha year £18,000 In excess of the £25,000 voted. Wo therefore thonght that we should bo doing fairly With both parties if we asked for £40 000 Mr. JOHNSO»-It is too much. The TREASURER— There can be no doubt that people are ready and willing to come out here and pay their deposits, and therefore I say it would be a pity to shut ourselves up in this vast territory and say that 300,000 people ore a population large enough. Mr. JOHNSON— There are hundreds out o( work The TBEASUBEB— At this moment I am aware there is a little pressure. Mr. BEES— It is only temporary. The TBEASUBER— I bolleve it is only momon tary, and teat in another month it will have passed away. As explained by the Hon. Commissioner of Crown Lands, there la a little difficulty in getting ships off sometimes, and so they crowd on one another's heels ; but that is not the fault of the Government Mr. COGLIN — Will this money go to bring foreigners here! The TBEASUBEB— It will be for British emi grants. I will now ask hon. members to turn to Ways akd Means. I have here tried to show at a glance the position of affairs. The first line— the Civil List— is, of course, more than last year, as it includes £2,000 for the rnliwMfjf the two Audit Commissioners. The amounH|gJ|fcBd from what it was before to £20,000. I think youiRU observe, Mr. Furner, that in the third line River Murray Convention is put down at £47,500. I will ask hon. members' attention to this point — that it is put down here, though the conven tion expires next year. But if I did not put the total amount here among my expenditure I should have to take off the £20,000 from tho Customs, which I am coming to directly. Then as to the bonded debt, of course I have to pro vide for £51,008 more Interest thore, for we cannot go on borrowing without paying the interest Accordingly, hon. members will observe \ that in round numbers the interest we have to pay on our bonded debt is £51,000 more than last year. Mr. REES— What Is it altogether ? The TBEASUBEB-It is £513,788. The total proposed expenditure therefore is £2,349,024, being £124,000 more than was actually spent last year. But I would point out that £72,000 of that Is npon public works and railways, which are works of per manent value. Estimated Bevenue. Now for a few words about our estimated revenue. Here I would Bay I have not altered a single figure Bent in by the heads of the departments. I thought I would not do so. I have, of course, taken some pains to ascertain that they are tolerably accurate, but I thought I would bring them down just aa the departments sent them in, go as to prevent the idea that I had either put them up or ('own to suit the views of tho Government Customs are set down at |£675,O00. On that, I dare say, opinions differ. We received £608,000 last year,' and Mr. Sanderson . says he believes we may calculate on £075,000 this year. Mr. JOHNSON— I am afraid he Is wrong. The TBEASUBEB— I say at once I do not erpect to earn half that amount in the first half-year up to Decembet noxt Between this and Christmas will be a dull time. Mr. JOHNSON— Orders have never been so bad. . The TBEASUBEB— I am aware the market is .glutted. I know it to my cost, but I do say that if we have a really good crop— say ten bushels— we shall have a roaring trade next year. And here I may explain what Mr. Sanderson has said— that if the Murray Customs Convention is going to stop I must take off £20,000, as we get about £40,000 in tha year from it But we have to pay £47,600. Accord ingly I have left the figures on both sides as if the convention was going on, as I hope we shall be able to make some friendly arrangement with New South Wales for the purpose of carrying it on. I may now point out under the head of rents, licences, 4c, from Crown lands, the amount estimated is £103,000, If hon. members will look at the details .they will see thore a new line. Of course we have taken it for granted that the Crown Lands Bill would pass, and so have reckoned for it on both sides. Hon. members will see that we out £8,000 as the probable revenue from leases of agri cultural lands in the Scuth-East Under the same sub-heading, on the other hand, we lost £11,000 for scrub lands, because, of course, the same Bill which provides for the lease of land hi the South-Eaat, from which we are to get £8,000, provides that the rent from scrub leases there Is abolished, and so we lose about £11,000. Postages and telegraphs show a slight increase, but Mr. Todd has gone very care fnlly into the figures, and says they will be realized. In reference to the item Miscellaneous I will point out that, as I explained last session, it is time to make the Northern Territory pay up what it owes the general revenue. It then owed £125,000, and we decided to take one fifth of that per annum. I am sorry to say the Territory still owes us one-fourth of the £25,000 due for last year, but it will shortly pay it ; and I have therefore taken credit for five payments, namely, £81,000. The amount of £40,000 from interest and exchange may appear a large item, but I have no doubt we shall get it We have already laTge sums lying at the Banks, and we Bhall probably have more before the close of the financial year, and it will be earning a good interest. Railways and tramways, £533,000. This appears a large item . . The Hon. J. COLTON— You will get it The TREASURER— I am glad to hear the hon. member say so, as no one in the House knows better than be what ought to be realized. Mr. Pendleton is sanguine that be will realize that amount, and he bases his calculation on a moderate crop— say eight bushels. If we get ten bushels wo shall earn more ; and it is quite time we did. (Hear, hear.) Of course, no one can actually foresee what is coming in December, but any reasonable man will say that there is every probability that a cycle of bad seasons is over, and that a cycle of good seasons Is probably beginning. I urn not a sanguine man, as everybody knows. Mr. HOWE— You are improving. (Laughter.) The TBEASUBEB— But I think there ia reason to hope that the worst is over. (Hear, hear.) The Hon. J. COLTON— What about waterworks? The TfiEASUBEB— There is nothing special to be said there. The amount is as nearly aa possible the same as last year. The Hon. J. COLTON— It ought to produca more. The TREASURER— I have no particular remark to make in reforence to it. That is the estimate aa it is handed in-£00,000. Land Revenue. As regards land sales I will call attention to Ap pendix 10, where the sub-estimate la set out, slgued by Mr. Jones, the Deputy Surveyor-General. Tho amount is set down at £340,600. I was anxious not to fall into the same error as last year, of over estimating land sales, and I was particularly doubtful about the item there of £200,000, ' com pletion of purchase of credit selections.' I spoka to both Mr. Jones and Mr. Borrows on that point, and they both assured me I might rely on getting that amount They said that, rapposing every one carried out hia contract for completing bis purchase, the amount this year would be two or three times aa much. It would be half a million sterling, if not more ; and that certainly we could rely on getting the £200,000. I have no doubt of this, and my hon. colleague, the Commissioner of Crown Lands, will be able to say more on the point, If necessary afterwards. Total Revenue. My total revenue is estimated to yield £2,170,000, or nearly £80,000 more than last year. But we have) this debit balance of £76,000 to pull up, and of course the expenses are larger, particularly tha bonded debt interest, and bo the result appears on the first page of Ways and Means aa a debit balance at the end of June, 1884, of £254,609. That is -without the Supplementary Estimates. I iiave made enquiries, and have no reason to suppose that these will be large. We certainly will do all we can to keep them down, and I do not think they will' exceed £20,000. The CHIEF SECBETABY— £30,000. The TREASURER— My Chief says £30,000. . Per haps it will be well to go between the two and say £25,000, which will increase our estimated debit; balance to that extent. I cannot stop here and my this is a satiuf&ctory; statement to show to the House —an estimated debit balance of more than a quarter of a million sterling ; and we should be unfit for oar positions if we had attempted to do so. Proposed Taxation. Accordingly we must ask the Housa to face the difficult question of taxation; and as we foresaw, this, when preparing His Excellency's Speech, we. asked him to intimate to the House that Increased taxation would be necessary. Now various schemes1 have been suggested to me as to how to Impose taxation la a pleasant way. (Laughter.) I have received many suggestions that one of the best things would be to impose an excise duty on beer. (Laughter, and Hear, hear.) It is extraordinary to find bow many people think that would be tho proper thing; and the fancy duty suggested is' always 2d. per gallon, because that is just too small to be subdivided so as to increase the cost of a glaa* of beer. (Laughter.) It Is said that the brewers would be the losers, unless, Indeed, they deteriorated the quality of the beer. The Hon. J. COLTON— They cannot do that. (Laughter.) The TBEASUBEB— Perhaps it would be Impos sible— (laughter)— for to put more water In It would make it bo fearfully nasty that no one would drink it That beer tax Is very popular in the other colo nies, and, if imposed here, it might bring in about £30,000 a year. However, we muni fly at higher game than that ; and so I will relieve tho minds of my friends the brewers— we do not propose to tax beer this session. (Cries of ' Oh I') Then I have had advice from various friends that I should impose a. handsome licence' fee on the Banks, charging each, Bay£SyX)Q a year, which, would bring in £20,000. But.then comes the difficulty— an the Banks in the colony do not rank alike; what would be a heavy tax on the smaller Banks would be a mere bagatelle to the larger and more wealthy institutions. Accordingly we hare dismissed that ide3 for the. present (laughter, and Oh!) Then I bare been seriously advised to impose a tax on bachelors. (Oh ! and laughter.) It has been pointed out that there are at least 20,000 available young bachelors in the colony who ought to be in .rrfcd, and who otmttfc to be induced to marry by a tax on them so long as ihey remained bachelors. The Hon. J. COLTON— They would get married at once. (.laughter.) The TEEASLEEB— It his been said that we should thus encourage habits of uhr''S, and also lead to an increace ol the population — not by Immi gration, but by irat-imony. They say, 'Charge the*.e bachelors as soon ai vbey reach twenty-five years of ays £1 per head a year, and make it £1 a year extra for every year iill they set married, and yon wHl soon set a lot o£ money, and an improve ment in the morality oi the public' But the idea of the Government h to tax luxuiiea, and I do not con. aider celibacy a luxury ; accordingly, I dismiss that idea. (Laughter.) The Hon. J, COLTON— You dismiss everything. The TEEASURER— No w I am going to be serious. We have been seriously advised lo pat on a stamp duty. Mr. JOHNSON— No. The TBEASUBEB— I say we have been seriously advLcd to do to, rnd I suppose a reasonable sort of fccamp [duOy, es it pxeva*'s in the other colonies, would bring in about £30,000. But it acts very unequally, and is a &.*eafc nvismce to business people, and the poorer people .':cl it more than the rich, and so we have dismissed that idea. Then we have considered wfcrther we should introduce something like the cch^me we introduced two years aso — a properly and income tax combined. But we found that w;a not quite large enongh for the occrsion. That mteht give £5O,0C0, but we want more than that. Accordingly, we propose to ask you to follow the example of New Zealand, and impose a property tax upon the actual value of all real and person.il property in the colony to the amount of one peony in the pound. (Hear, hear.) Mr. HOWE— How are you gcfin% to test it ? The TREASURER— I hope to have another op portunity of soin; into the details. But I hope hon. members understand that we are not going on the annual value of the property, but upon the actual value ; that is, one penny in the pound upon every thing in the colony, real and personal property, from the gentleman's mansion to Mr. JOHNSON— His boots ? The TREASURER— Yes, to his boots. (Laugh . . ter.) We propose to follow New Zealand in saying V that all property under £500 shall be free ; that is to say, that a man who has not £500 worth of real and personal property will be free from taxation nuder tbisBilL I hope to be able to prove — partly to day, and partly on a future occasion— that out friendB in New Zealand have by this plan positively solved the problem of the adjustment of the inci dence of taxation about which we have heard so much; and (although the proposition may be rather startling at first) I am convinced that if any thoughtful men consider .the question carefully they will see it i3 a gi-and and simple scheme. It Is positively perfect theoretica'ly. and New Zealand has found it practical and nxefrl, as they have worked it for three cr four years, and we shall have the benefit of their experience. As in New Zealand, we propose there shall be an , assessment of all real property every three years, -and of all personal property every year ; and I hope lion, members will understand that the assessment of personal property will be made by the owner. There will be no inquisitorial enquiries — so going into a man's house and looting at hia Bank-book. I have written to New Zealand on this point, and bave received a pamphlet written by Mr. Crombte, Deputy Tax Commissioner at Wellington, who has sent me twenty-five copies, which I shall be glad if hon. members will help them-clves to as far as they can. I am sorry there is not 3 copy for each member i. there is one for e^ach district at any rate. They are exceedingly interesting, and explain the Bjstem well. After reading thi3 pamphlet and the Acts of Parliament to which it ref eired, and talking it over wiih my colleagues, I began to Bee it was just about the thing for South Australia. The CHIEF SECBETAEY (Hon. J. C. Bray)— Heir, hear. The TBEASUEEB-I wrote to Mr. Cromble a couple of months &%o, and I now propose to read two or three short extracts from the letter which he courteously sent me about a month since. The Hon. J. COLTON— Who is he 1 The TREASURER— He is the gentleman charged with the adm'niatration of the Act in New Zealand. I put two or three point-blank questions to b in1, and I telegraphed him a week or two ago asking if I could use Ms non-official answers, and he courteously replied that I could. I may explain that hi addition to— or auxiliary to— this Id. in the pound tax we propose to put a tax of 1} per cent on the premiums earned by Insurance Companies. The Hon. J. COLTON— That is cutting both ways. The TBKASUBEB— Not at all. There v.'U be a provision that a man holding Insurance Company shares will not be taxed on those shares. We are following New Zealand in this matter, and upon consideration it will be ccen they are correct. I ariced Mr. Crombie : -(l.) ' Why caunofc persons be trusted to return the value of their property in fire and Marine Insurance Companies' shires as well as in other things, and so get rid of the 80s. tax on premiums 1 ' He replied :— ' If persons were taxed on their shares, or if the Companies were taxed on property in tha colony, those Companies not having shareholders in ihe colony would go almost free, and New Zealand Companies would pay.' Of course one realizes the force of that at once. Accordingly I ask hon. members to f o'ow New Zealand in this matter in having this special provision hi regard to Insurance Companies. I then asked Mr. Crombie— (2.) ' Why axe Life Insurance Companies excepted?' Hia reply waa— 'It was o nsidered unfair to tax Life Companies while the Government life Insurance Department would be free from taxation. It U not improbable that pro vision will be made for taxing the invested funds of life Companies and of the Government Insurance O-fice.' We have nothing of this kind here, and so toat complications illbe saved. My third question wa3 — 'What proportion of the total property in New Zealand do you calculate as being held by persons n- t worth £5CO net, end therefore exempted j' Mr. Comble's reply was — ' No definite answer can be give i to this, and at best only an estimate, unsup ported by any reliable data, can be hazarded. In March, 1882, the real and personal property of tax payers, deducting mortgages and debts, amounted to— real £40,000,000, personal £25,000,000. Compan cs teal and personal, £17,000,00 J, in all £83,000,000. I think £20,000,000 would be a full estimate of the properjy of persons who did not pay tax. This would belong to— say, 100,000 adult males, and to many women and minors who own some property. ' I may soy here that in case of undervaluing by pn owner authority is given to the Government to take over the property at the owner's va'ue, wiia 10 per cent, interest added. (Laughter.) 'This (Mr. Crombie says^has a moat salutary effect. The provision has not yet been enforced, but a threat to enforce it has caused owners to increase their value.' Then he goes on to say— 'An amended form of owner's statement has been adopted. It is a great improvement on that formerly used. The results of the recent assessment hive Dot yet been compi'ed, but sufficient is knowa to warrant me in stating that there will be a Iarje in crease to personal property. It may be tikeafor granted that not a few people who furnish incom plete returns erred through ignorance. I know an instance Of a man omitting a large sum of money on fixed deposit at a Bank under the bona fide Im pression that the Bank would pay tax upon it. The words, 'cash at Bank* now in the statement wou'd prevent this occur. In^. I do not in the least hesitate to say that the pro perty tax is a satisfactory one, and is so regarded from, to use your expression, both sides— that ii, the taxpayer's point of view and the Treasurer's. Many opponents have become converts, and the prompt manner in which the tax is paid is very satisfactory. Of over £160,000, the revenue estimated for 1332-83. only about £4,600 remained unpaid on May 31, and this included sums added from 10 per cent., and many amounts due by trust estates, and by some Companies! in connection with which there were special reasons for not paying promptly. In no cne has it been necessary to enforce the penal clauses to compel a person to send in a state ment! and the public have readily com plied with all demands' made upon them. Peopla become less anxious as to secresy, and do sot t toy leakage or improper disclosure. There has not been a complaint or even a hint of sacresy having been violated.' That is a very atisfactory report. It la dated June 6, 1833. Now New Zealand bejan this in 1873, at the rate f a penny in the pound. They found it brought hi more money than they wanted, and they reduced it to thr e farthings in the pound ; and afterwards to a halt penny; and we all know that Major Atkinson, the Colonial Treasurer, the other day gave notice of motion to hive it raised to three farthing3 in the pound, as mere money is now wanted. Mr. Crombia told me that hi round numbers the amount received in New Zealand from the halfpenny tax is £153,000. Now X would point out that under this plan absen tees are reached— (Hear, hear)— because their agents are made to declare and pay for them. Mortgage I Companies are rated ; Bank3 ara rated ; and there is no difficulty in grm-Tigmg the amount of interest a man has hi any land, as that is strictly provided for in the New Zealand Act, which was amended in 1881, and is now, I believe, almost parfect. I ask hon. members to look at tha Act, and I think we shall be very foolish if we do not avail ourselves of ttie experience of New Zealand, aad pass a similar Act Ou Bill is now in the draftsman's hands, and very nearly ready. ; The Hon. J. COLTON— What about merchants itoeLf nud dead-stocks ? The TREASURER— They win have to pay. TheHon. J. CARE— Wi'l the merchant be allowed to deduct bis English overdrafts? The TBEASUBEE-lhat is well provided for in the New Zealand Act ; in fact, they have provided against all these contingencies. For instance, in cases which I know occur her —where a man may have mort ja~ ed his property to a friend in England, who has no ajent here, ' and who himself sends home the interest, yon might imagine that in such a case the English capital rcnld escape. But not so. The creditor here wiTT lavetoactaa agent for the purpose of retnmio^ be tax here. Of course every one wjH be called on 0 send an account of bis red and personal pro lerty, from which he will deduct bis liability; if a Qortgagor he will show the name ot his mortgagee, rad he will show whether he has above £500 worth if property. I have carefully gone into the figures a Bee how they w-U probably come out here in South Australia. Of course we have the Corpora dons' and District Councils' assessments for lost fear, and they show that the annual assessed value jf the real property fn tea colony was £2,000,000, 3r rather more. For the Bake of clearness s;y £2,000,000. Opinions may differ as to the actual value of the properly assessed at £2,003,003, but [ have multiplied the assecsment by 23, and that 1 think hon. members will tay i3 a fair way of getting at its aclu.il vp'ue. That is, reckoring th it the assessment is at the rate of 6 psr cen*. on the unnnai value ; and I am sure hon. members wor'd not sell their property for twenty times the' amount it is rated at I will be bound to say the Hon. John Cotton would not sell his place at Hackney for twenty times what it is rated at ? The Hon. J. COLTON— I do not know what it is ratedat The TEEASTJEEB— I believe I am about riffht in nmltaplyins the annual value by 20, and, therefore, I estimate that we have within Corporations and District Councils £40,000,000 worth of property. Outside District Councils, as I said last year,- we have about £8,000,000 or £9,000,000. Now, too selectors would have to come in under tWs proposed Bill, and so there would be £10,000,000, in round numbers, or a total of £50,003,000 worth of real property in the colony. I intended looking up what I said two years a«o on this subject, but cannot find it just now in ' Hansard.' We calcu lated that personal property, including live stock, furniture, money, and stores of all kinds — in fact, everything that is not real property— was -worth £20,000,000, and when I made that statement it was not challenged. The Hon. J. COLTON— R will be more than that The TEE ASUEEE— Even taking it at £20,000,000, and adding it to the £50,000,000 of real property, it would give us a total of real and personal property in the colony of £70,030,000. Now comes the difficult question as to how much of this is owned by persons who do not possess £300 nrt, and who, therefore, will be exempt »rom this taxation. I have tried to make an approximate calculation, and believe. I am pretty close to the mark when I suppose that there are 60,000 adult male3 in the colony— I am not now counting widows ' and spinsters, although they will have to pay If they have money— but there are 60,000 males in the colony who practically own all the property in the colony. I estimate that thrce-fouith3 of these adult males do not possess £503 net worih of property each, bat that the other one-fourth possess three- fourths of the property fu the colony. I believe that calculation will be found pretty nearly correct; and, strangely enou-di, It corre sponds very nearly with the results in New Zealand. Accordingly, I take from the £70,000,000 one-fourth, or £17,600,000, and I get £52,603,000. But I must then deduct £600 eash for the 15,003 people who are going to pay the tax— because the first £500 will be free from taxation in all cases— and that will give £7,600,000 more to be deducted. The total taxable property will therefore be about £46,000,000, which, at one penny in the pound, gives £187,000 a year. I deduct 6 per cent for the cost of collection during the first year or two, though it is only 2| per cent in New Zealand. Then Iallowsomethingforfrictionand what is called leakage, and so I knock oS 10 per cent more; and that leaves the annual income from the tax at £160,C00. Of this amount about £2,000 or a little more would come from the 1J per cent proposed to be levied on premiums of fire, marine, and life assu rance Companies. The Hon. J. Cotton asked me just now what alterations we propose on the New Zea land Act Only two of importance, though we are adopting it to out own circumstances as well as we can. There is one provision we do not like. Perhaps hon. members saw in the Register the other day a letter in which it was stated that the people in New Zealand complained of that clause which Mr. Crombie mentioned under which the Govern ment have power to take a man's property at 10 per cent over the value he has himself put upon it We feel that that is a hard proceeding, and we do nol intend to ask Parliament to ajree to it We pro pose to turn the point the other way, and instead of authorizing the Government to claim the man's property at 10 per cent above his valuation we say to the man—' You must either piy on the valua tion we make, or prove that it ou;ht to be reduced.' Hon. members v-'W. see the difference, and that this Is a reasonable plan, and I have no doubt it wi'l be found a sufficient check. Another alteration wepro - pose is to make the tax payable once a year iuitezd of twice a year, as is the law in New Zealand. If a man has to pay on £50,000 it makes no difference to him whether he pays the Commissioner of Taxes in one cheque of £200 or two cheques of £103 each ; while it will save the Government a great deal in collection to have it pMd once a year— say about February or March. We propose to follow the example of New Zealand in having two Bills— the larger one to contain all the machinery for assess ment and collection and appointment, and the swearing to secrecy of all officers (as will have to be done) ; and the smaller Bill to contain a couple of clauses fixing the rate of duty. In the New Zea land Act the first clause fixes the duty at Id. on all real and personal property, and the next fixes the duty on insurance premiums at 1} percent We propose to follow their example, for two reasons. One is that it would hardly be fair to the Legislative Council, for otherwise the Bill would be a Money Bill, and they would .have no right to alter, whereas in a Bill of this sort, intro ducing a new system, I think they should have that power. The second reason is that it might be con venient—and probably will b-— to alter the shorter Bill from year to year. For after a year or two it is quite on the cards we might find a penny in the pound too much, or perhaps more mi^ht be wanted. There will be the usual exemptions from taxation. Government bufldin-s w'H be excluded— Mr. TENNANT— Will selected land be excluded? The TEEASTJEEE— No. I will give an illustra tion. A selector has bought £1,00) worih of land, and paid £200 on it He will be tax :d on the £203, which is in fact his interrst in the land. Mr. HENNING — He * '.U never pay up, then. The TEEASUEBE— I dare say this may be startling at the moment ; but if hon. members vt ill kindly read this pamphlet and the Acts of Parlia ment bearing on it, and the debates in the New Zealand Parliament, they will see this plan is a per fectly good, simple, and feasible one. Mr. JOHNSON— How about a rich man who his £1,000 a year, but spends it before he gets it? The TEEASTJEEE— If a man has no real or personal property he cannot pay taxes on it, but he will pay through the Customs. This plan avoids the difficulty of the income tax by taking it for granted— as it quite true— that the man who has £l,C00 a year, and yet has no real or personal property, must pay his taxes through the Customs. This is a plan which CaplMn Ba-jot used to beg me to adopt, and which is now in force in many of the states of America, and is operating remarkably v-elL No contract by which one person tries to help another to evade the tax will be valid. Mr. EOUNSEYELL;— What about professional incomes 1 The TEEASUEEE— If a man mf-kes £2,000 a y~a? and spends £2,C00 a year he pay3 tares some other way, and be br.s neither rial nor persor ?' property excepi perhaps bis furniture. If he hi3 £1,000 worth of that he will brve to return it and pay on half of it Mr. EODNSEVELL— Are you goin^to tax hia 'ncome before he ha3 earned it or afterwards ? The TBEASUBEi? -I kive already explained to my hon. friend that this Eill will provide that from ' July 1, 1SS3, there shall be a levy of this penny in the pound, and we shill probably provide that this money shall be paid in one- lump sum early next year, in about February or March, so as to avoid the difficulty of two collections. I venture to say thatthi3 scheme has solved the problem of the adjustment of the incidence of taxation. I am confident tfr t when our poorer friends understand this fully they will see that it vi Ul suit them. The working classes will have nothing whatever to complain of, although I do not propose to take anything at all oS the Customs duties ; we cannot afford to take anything off. (Oh !) I have just shown that our deficit will be £270,000, and if we get the £160,000 that we are now asking for we shall at the end of the year have about £100,000 of unexpended balances, which Is about the usual thing ; and the cash balance will be just about square. I do ask my wealthier friends; to consider this fa'rly, because it is really equitable, iflear, hear.) These public works are more for the benefit of the rich than the poor— (Hear, hear)— although I do not forget that they are partly for the benefit of the poor men, because it wonld be impos sible, unless we were borrowing money, for the wa^ea to be so high. - (Hear, hear.; It is Impossible for our wealthier men to get away from the fact that every million we spend in railways is improving the value of the freehold land in the colony, and they onght therefore to bear the. largest share of the taxation. Mr. HOWE — They only bear it in proportion. The TEEASUEEE— Thai is the beauty of this scheme ; they do only bear their proportion, as the tax is not cumulative. A man with £50,000 will have to send in a cheque for £200, |and a very lucky tn^Ti he i3 to be able to send in such a cheque. I am sure, if the working dasset v»31 under stand what we are now proposing, they will see that we are offering them a great boon. It is impossible, at the moment, to throw off any taxa tion ; but I say that it is adjusting the incidence of taxation when the poor man sees his richer neigh bour taxed in something like proportion, and that is what we have been contending for for yean. I daresay it will be possible to throw off some of the taxation hi the future if ire raise the amount contemplated by the present scheme ; I daresay we RrisH be called upon to introduce fra education, but positively we cannot afford it at present, and cer tainly not this year. Personally, I should enjoy nothing more than to be able to announce that we could offer free education. I believe thoroughly fu the principle of free, secular, and compulsory edu cation— (Hear, hear* —and I say that at this moment we cannot afford it (Hear, hear.) Woat it world cost I cannot say, but it will be considerably more than £22,000. (Hear, heir.) I say I hope hon members nIH not attempt to shirk this question. I am not exonerating any of the figures which I have quoted to-day. I believe I have shown the position plainly and honestly, and I say sincerely ace honestly that it is impossible to go on without tax ion ; Tsay it is impossible for any man, I do not care who takes my place, to go on without taxation. Mr. FBASEB—Y ou did not say so two yesxs ago. X'ou have changed again. The TBEASUBEB— We did not then krow any thing about the sweeping away of the interest on tbe purchase-money of selections, and of course the whole of the circumstances are altered, and it is impossible to go on without taxation. Mr. FEASBE— I say so ; and I always said so. An Hon. Member— But you were uron; then. (.Lru^hter.) ' ?. The TEEASUEEE— If our proposals are carried of course I shall bring down revised Way3 and MeaTLS, H I have an opportunity oi doing so, dorin? tte list week in October, supposing the Hon.e sits so long, and I Bhall show £lO,C30 addition*! revenue, and a-probable deficit of £110,000 or £120,000. I do rot pretend, ard no man could do it, to wipe'off the whole of th's deficit this year, but if Jhe House fo' Tosrs tbe Covnnment in -Uris propoiil we shall tuL 4 over a new leaf by adopting ttrs fair andequit ,ble LV.tem of taxation, shoeing our creditor at home tbat we t re ready and ?» 'U1n5.to.tax ourselves, jefora we ~o 01 borroning more money. - Mr. FBASEE— That is the idea the Opposition always had. - The TBEASTJBEB— I shall be happy to argue the point, either publicly or privately, .tilth my hon. friend. I hope to adopt the usual conr-e, and as Loon as the flrstitem is passed I shall bring down absolution embodying these taxation proposals, which I * 31 then, of course, be prepared to explain in detail. I have not attempted to elabo rate the details now, but will da so afterwards Ihe Bill is in pi hit, and if the House agrees to our taxation resolutions it will be . introduced a few days afterwards.* At present I content myself with thanking the House for . the patient hearing which they have given me. I have spoken, under considerable disadvantages, much longer than I had intended, and I now con clude by moving the first item—' The Legislature, £15,900 2s. 10d.' (Cheers.) Mr. EOUNSEVELL said he supposed the Trea surer would have no objection to an adjournment in order that the House might have an opportunity of considering, the proposals which he had brought forward. Mr. WABD Siid be supposed the Treasurer would follow the system that had been in vogue for some years past and have his speech printed and copies circulated amongst hon. members. The TEEASUEEE— Oh, certainly. The House resumed, progress was reported, and leave was given to sit again on Thursday next HEBGOTT SPEINGS AND PELMEOSB SPRINGS BAILWAY BILL. In Comuittee. Clause 2. Power to make railway. Mr. EOUNSEVELL moved to strike ont the word 'Primrose' in line 22 with a view of inserting the word ' Strangways,' as he believed the con struction of the line to that point would be quite bufficient to show the intention of Parliament to prosecute t*'« work. He thought he had a still btroneer reason for adopting this course than he had tne other day, after the Budget Speech which the Treasurer had just delivered, and which showed that we need save every thousand pounds tbat we could on interest He thought the Govern ment might adopt this suggestion, because they must know that the railway from Strangways Springs to Primrose Springs could not be made for the next three years at least, as it would take that time to extend the line from Hergott Springs to Strangways Springs. This was quite far enough to £0 at present, because interest would have to be paid on the borrowed money from, the floating of the loan. He would most heartily and earnestly support the continuance of this railway until it was completed, but the distance he had suggested was quite far enough to go at present The CHIEF SECRETABY (Hon. J. C. Bray) said he did not think the course proposed was necessary. The decision of the House had been given, the whole line had been surveyed, and the estimates had been prepared. This Bill ; did not provide for the whole of the line being constructed at once with the expenditure of a single pemiy of money, and if hon. members were not satisfied with the amount the Government proposed to spend they could cut it down in the Loan Bill when it came on for discussion. This Bill was intended to intimate to the country that the Government in tended to make the whole of this Una. Mr. HENNING thought that if the r.viway wa3 constructed at all it should be at least double the length to bridge the dry country through which it ran. To. construct a line merely from Hergott Springs to Strantcways Springs would be an ab surdity, because it would terminate in a country with only five and a half inches of rain per' ye ir. If there was any argument in the statement that it ?would bridge this dry country it should go as far as Charlotte Waters, which would then be in pretty good country. Mr. SYMON did not think that the decision of the House on the second reading of the Bill pre cluded hon. members from attempting to give effect to the views which they had enumerated. He was, as he stated during the previous debate, entirely, in favour of the tnafeinp of this line at tiie proper time ; but he did not think the finances or the exigencies Ox the country wairanted proceeding with it at present As he could not induce the House to sanction his views he wonld. support Mi-. Bounsevell in seeking to contract the line to half it3 length. No one but the hon. member for Onkaparinga would suggest that he was intmtirai to the best interests ofthe country, or, as had been suggested by the hon. member for Stanley, that he wanted to postpone the work until he could introduce it himself, because he trusted that he would always rise superior to feelings of that kind. (Hear, hear.) He hoped that every hon. member would live to see the completion of the Transcontinental line. (The Chief Secretary— ' The Bill will be passed in a few minutes.') He hoped it would be a long time before this Bill would be passed, because he did not think that the Government wonld be able to proceed with the construction of this line for five or six years at least. What was the use of expressing an opinion on an abstract matter? Now was tbe time for the House to say whether this railway Bhould go to Primrose Springs or to Strangways Springs, and he for one did not want anotha.- discussion on the same subject when the Loan Bill caue on tor consideration. Mr. BEES did not think that the line should terminate at Strangways Springs, because that was in the middle of a belt of the driest country in Australia. (Mr. Bounsevell— 'Not at all: it has been settled for yeai-s.') He would refer hon. members to a map prepared by Mr. Todd the year before last, which would show that the rainfall of this particular belt of country was only five inches. (Mr. Bounsevell— ' What was it at the Peakef) He had not identified the Peake, but the continua tion of the railway as propo&ed; by the Chief Secre tary would bring railway communication in proxi mity to a belt of country the development of which it was reasonable to expect would be attended with great advantages to the colony. We were just now mourning over the state of the finances of this colony, but we were doing nothing to recuperate them, although it was admitted that railway exten sion into. the interior of the country would be attended by very great benefits. . Under such circumstances would it not be a fallacious policy to stop in the belt of country of the character pointed out by Mr. Hennin-j, which would only tend to retard the prosperity of the colony. He quite a&reed; with Mr. Hennine that instead of shortening the line it should be lengthened, and he would therefore support the Government in this matter. The Hon. J. COLTON said he thought Mr. Bounse vell was in error in the steps that he had taken in this matter, and as the complete survey of the line and the estimates were before hon. members he did not see why the clause should not be passed as itwes. When the proper time came— (Mr. Bounse veil— 'There is not the ghost of a chance')— he world support the hon. member in striking out the amount for the shorter line from Strangways Springs to Primrose Springs, and restrict the expen diture to £603,000 for the 102 miles of railway, but at present he would go with the Government to seek to curtail the expenditure in the Loan BilL Mr. BOUNSEVELL said that if the line were carried on to Primrose Springs the Government would propose the borrowing of a furiher sum of £1,000,000, and the fact of this clau-e having been passed would enable them to appeal to this decision of the House and then get it without the slightest d'fl? - culty. With reference to the sf ;tem;nts of tbe hon. member for Orkaparinga he would say Chat the.-e was more rainfall at Strangways Springs than at Primrose Springs, and besides this he believed a line to Strangways Springs was as much as was re quired for local requirements. To go only as far as Strangways Springs would admittedly take three years— a longer time than either the present or the next Government would last If ne stood slone even in this anrndment he would call for a division. Mr. COGLIN said he still believed that the North- West line, proposed by the people of Port Augusta, was the one which would be mo-t benefi cial for the country, but as the matter had already been arranged, it was waste of time to further discuss it The whole of the land through which this line would pass was now in the hands of specu lators who had not stocked their runs, and who were only waiting for the line to increase the value of their holdings. He would support the amend ment as proposing the lesser of two evils. Mr. HENNIN(x said tbat although he would vote for the Government on th-s. particular matter he would follow his own convicdons when the Bill went to a ^vision on the third reading. Mr. TOMK3NSON thought it was the duty of the House or the Government to see tbat the country near this line wa3 properly stocked before further pushing on the railway. Insupportine the amendment he did not withdraw his opposition to the Bill as a whole. A f ter what had fallen from the Treasurer he thought that it was the duty of the House to at least take time to con-ider the matter. He trusted, therefore, that this measure would not be passed this session. Mr. BEIGHT said he would support the amend ment and whether the clause was passed or not it would not interfere with Im voting against the third reading for reasons he haA previously stated. By stopping at Strangways Springs it could not be said that they were stopping in a aeaert, for he believed there was plenty of good water there, and to carry the line further wou'd not only be unnecessary but a waste of public money, because there was neither stock or anything else that required carrying. He also thought that if anything could be done after the statement of the Treasurer that afternoon to Lire £5C 3,OOC the House was bound to do it. Mr. PI AYFOBD said that on the second reading of t^e Bill he gave reasons why he would support the measure, but he believed they were perfectly justified in making the line to Stnntrways Springs first (Hear, hear.) There was no hurry to pass tbe Bill for the whole line, as there would be suf ficient time between the sresent and the opening of the first portion of the line for the Legislature to discuss and Pf sa a BPl author Tinp the construction ofthe tecond poiaon. It sbor'a also be borne in mind that durratr the interval a better route mi^ht be .found, by which thousands of pounds mi^ht be raved. The Hon. J. CASE would vote for the clause as it stood. The sooner the construction of the whole line to Pine Creek was enacted tbe better— (Hear, hew)— and therefore he saw no need to cavil about a few miles. Mr. WABD thought that if it was a good thing to extend the line beyond Hergott Springs at all, it should not be stopped sbort at Stran jways Springs. Mr. BAGSTEE would support the clause, as he did not believe in making the line by piecemeal, especially as the House had made up their- mird3 that the line should one day go right through the continent Mr. SYMON said that if Mr. Ward did not approve of the gauge on which the line was to be constructed he should support the amendment pro posed by Mr. Eounsevell, in the hope that his views might be carried out at some future tixe as re garded the remaining cortion of the line. He saw no necessity for passing a Bill to construct the line as far as Primrose Spr:ng3 if the Hou^e was not going to sanction the amount of money necessary to carry it out The question of route and (tauge wonld both be complicated by the whole line bein; voted at once. Mr. JOHNSON moyedthmttheCtonunitteedo now , divide. The amendment was negatived. j Mr. BOUNSEVELL called for a division, which was taken as follows :— Ayes, 18— The Commissioner of Crown Lands, the Attorney-General, the Treasurer, the Minister of Education, Hona. J. Carr, J. Cotton, Messrs. Atkinson, Bagster, Beaglehole, Dixson. Howe, Johnston, Moyle, Newland. Bees, Tennant, Whin ham, and the Chief Secretary (teller). Noes, 12— Messrs. Basedow, Bower, Bright, Bucknall, Coelin, Fraser, Gilbert, Landseer, Play lord, Symon, Tomkioson, and Bonnsevell (teller). Majority of 6 for the Ayes. The amendment was negatived. \- The clause was passed as printed. The House resumed, progress was reported, and leave was given to the Committee to sit again on laesday next ? PAPEE. ! The CHIEF SECBETAEY (Hon. J. C. Bray) laid on the table— . . Eepoitof the cost of converting the Strathalbja and Port Victor Tiamway into a locomotive ra;i way. To be printed. ADJOUBNMENT. At five minutes to 6 o'clock the House a^'outned UH 1 aeLday next at 2 o'clock. 