eLCe hitiiwtre 4ree press. " PUBLISHED EVERY THURSDAY MORNING. THURSDAY, JULY 26, 1883. THOSE who had any doubt upon the subject before, as to the thorough loyalty of Mr Redmond, M.P., and we are amongst those. who had no such doubt, must have that notion dispelled if they only heard him at the Kilmore MarketrBui!ding on MKonday night. A more clear, logical, und fair state ment of the Irish demand for home" rule, and of the patriotic reasons which prompt such; demand, it has never been our p'easure to listen to, and, the facts he adduced being simply unanswerable, we now can readily understand the wretched tactics. of an an tagonistic press in not daring to quote Mr Redmond's lectures or speeches, and fairly criticise within their lines. Not,a word or sentence did the heon. member for New Ross utter which would not, even fromt the most exacting amongst us who parade the strongest lip loya'ty, bear the closest inves tigation. It is true that Mr Redmond dise.. plays the deepest devotion and love for his country, Is this treason ? It is true that he exhibits the widest liberality in all his utterances, and refers, in terms of affection and endearment, to the truly patriotic ser vices and the heroic virtues of men like Grattan, Parnell, and others, Protestant gentlemen, who tower above their fellows in their love of fatherland. Is this intolerance? It is true that he has shown not only that it would be advantageous to Ireland to have Home Rule, but that England would ma terially benefit by the change. Is this sedition ? It is true he spoke of the period; not very remote, when the English wor g classes being enfranchised, there would be a peaceful revolution in the Parliament of-the Empire, the integrity of which would be maintained, whilst there would be a Parlia ment in Ireland to manage her own internal affairs. Is this not evincing the utmost confidence in the justice and fairness of e British working classes? In the face of r Redmond's appeal to reason, not to passion; in the face of his outspokenness with refer ence to the pat:iotic men of the religious minority in Ireland, and his predictions of regeneration for that country through the English working classes; and in face of his deliberate canvic ion that Home Rule in Ireland would mean more peace and progress for England, surely it cannot be said that there is a spark of disloyalty, in the real sense 'of the word; in hiseg m sitiion. Iti ii not that he loves England less butlheiove '. Ireland more that induces him perform a task, in doing which he is sustained alone ,` by the proud consciousness of the holiness ot his cause in contributing so materially to the welfare, the amelioration, and regeneration of his country. No wonder that Mr Red-. mood's critics should steer clear of the statling historic facts he advances; no wonder they should introduce side issues, having no relevancy to his demands, in every article written about him; no wonder,' to make their own untenable position seem I consistent, they should resort to matter he never uttered, and which he believes in as •much or as little as they do, andr to a course which has done more to render the news, ! papers more contemptible in the eyes of the public than anything that was. over done during our history. - THE--financial statement of theTreasurer: delivered last week in the Legislative As sembly, is certainly nut C,' .ttie most e= couraging character. Folow;ng,, the cue tomary rule Mr Serviee--fotind! it' hecessary to strongly animadvert upon the conduct of -his-pradecessori who w~niui sseue pokeaof as not only exceeding the bounds of moderation, but as having. * actejdin' euch a manner as will take a couple of years of judicious Service management to restore the financial equilibrium and placing the colony in a thoroughly healthy -conditionr::" The:. Treasurer commences the financial year of 1873-4 with a credit balance of £88.309. The estimated income of. 187304 is £6,093,084 and the` expenditiure at £6,057, 752. Nothing in the shape of new taxation is announced nor are any remis sions of duties proposed, so that as fat' as the sensational the budget is exceedingly barren, and perhaps this is its best quality. *As bearing closely upon the question of rail way construcrion, with which in this portion of the country we are most interested a daily paper reports: \- Dealing with the question of loans, in his budget speech last night, fir Service threw some additional light on the recklessness of the last Government, in reference to the expenditure of money under the Loan Act 717. It will be remembered in March last Mr. Qillies made a statement that was flatly contradicted by Mr Bent and his friends that only £713,688 was available for the construction 'of "new lines out of a supposed sum of £2,703,066. Mr Ser vice when endorsing Mlr Gillies statement in April last, said that £1,067,000 had to be expended by January next for railway purposes out cf the loan, and this was also contradicted. The fact, however, remains that in the first four months since April last no less than £566,519 ha!l been paid out of the Trea sury, and it is estimated that £537,401 will be spent during the next seveni months; so that the amount, instead of being less than stated, was £36,920 more. Nor was this all. Mr Gillies estimate was reduced by £173,351, the extra cost of carriages, wheels, fasten- I ings and so on, so that only £540,337 was available ; and again it has been found, that instead of £164,436 being sufficient to complete the Patterson railways, £392,248 will be required, so that actually there is only £148,089 available on paper for railway con construction. " but," said Air Service, "even this por comfort is denied us. as the whole of the money, and in fact more, will be iequired to ceniplete works absolutely necessary on existing lines't6 prodide for public safety and increase of :raffi..? ' The present pbsition of affairs isthat we have an immense amount of rails and rolling stock,'ainc'nuos a sallling to con struct lines, as it was hopeless. to expect anything from revenue which would have to be recouped to the extent of £225,000. Mr Service attributed our entanglement to a continued system -of borrowing and spending in anticipation of proceeds. £1,877,000 has been borrowed during the last eighteen months, and not only had the future loan not been floated, but the last one was only half available. The ex penditure on railways in 1882, chargeable to capital account, was £1,154,818, and of this the innocent 6d a day which Mr Rent granted to the railway ser vants who were getting under 7s. a day added no less than £30,000, . . Judging from the above extract there is really nothing from the O'Loghlen loan with which to construct railways, but we must not forget to mention that, to the (credit ~of the late Government it must b:' stated, permanent way has been provided to..the extent of £3600,000, a stop which will very :materia'ly lessen the future outlay: in con nection.with ain9y.of the:proposad lines to be undertaken under the £1,000,000 loan which I the present Treasurer, with the consent. of Parliament, purposds early: placing upon the market. From this million loan we must endeavorif possible to get onr requirements met, and we fear the scramble for-a share in this erpenditure will be keen and deter mined.- We think, in vie,v of Mr Service's peculiar rslations tothe working men of the colony in times past, he might very well: have avoided the allusion, in terms quoted, to the 6dper day extra priid by. Mr Ben) to 'the men in the Railway Departm.ent whose wages had been under 7s per diem, and it is to be regretted he found it necessary to al lude to this matter in a spirit as if the late Goverm?mnt had been guilty of great extra Svagance in connection with that act of fair plsy. It must be. remembered that the reasons for the s'all increase mentioned were very strong and very cogent, and, ii whilst it is profmsed in the estimates of-ex penditure to increase the fat salaries of most of the principyil officers of State by £100 per annum, the allusion to the .d :per day or about £7 10os per year increase was in the t worstof taste and only serves to shbw what 1 the working classes can expect from this 1 Government. ]here are none in the corn-; t munity more severely taxed than the work- I ing classes, and+ we must admit; whatever' judgment and prudence in connection'wi:h the other portions of the budget, the small matter referre'l to is suggestive of the desire of the GOvernment to further cripple ifi possible the industrious people of the coua, I try. pepeo h on For the Bylands and Glenburnie Riding, and the: SWiowmavin and l,,randing Ridings of the Kilmore Shire, the old councillors, Messrs J, E. Dowling and P. O'C,,nnor, J.P., have been returned respectively. Mr Gee. Kinnear has been, placed in nomination i for the Kilmore riding against the President,' Cr. ] Wallder. For auditorship Messrs V. L. Sawell and Maurice Dillon have nominated. The councillors attending Revision Court at local Council Chambers, on Monday, opened a: tender for I drain through Mr Geoghegan's properiy. "It wasi from Flynn and. Lyons, £29 16s 9d. Cr. Taylor tlought the su'm too high; the President: thought 1 it woud1l be a" goo~d job when finished, and it would afford relief to Mrs Helms and others. who were reall in a bad way. Cr. I owling endorsed the Pre sident's remarks, and explained the bad condition of the yards in consequence of want of drain. He moved that the tender be accepted.' C. :Davern I seconded the motion, remarling they could not act Smore wisely in the matter. Cr. Phillips would sup port the motion if it was to be made a-good job. On the suggestion of Cr M'Kenzie councillors vsited the place alter which the tender was accepted. SMr Redmond's lect on Monday- night at, Hii 'more must have been: 'attei?ded by: about 400 pebple "'imong whom were the' leading men of? the district 'A snm of £227 odd was, collected in. the room, and ,this will no doubt be supplemented before the list is:published, as it will be in"next issue(: Bird Good will yet b.ecome famoaus-if he were 'kicked down stairs he would gat it: telegraphedto the daily papers. The treasurer bf the Ladies' Benevolent Society begs to acknowledge .with Itbanls, eceipt of l is ·from the Town: Band Cdomiitteel anda l~r#;,fr l1I Wallder . .. . ?.- "oe , a"' Mr IM. Geraghty, who filled the seat in the East riding of the Pyalong shire f.r some time with much advantage to the district, announces is candidature for his old seat. Mrs M. Ryan, of the Greyhound Hotel,.Bourke street Melbourne, died on Thursday, and on Satur day her remains were interred in the Kilmore Cemetery. Deceased who was quite a young woman, was the daughter of Mr Richard Fahey of this town, and was well respected. The funeral cortege was a large one. Richard Edlin, a youth who was sent from Ril. n?ore Sessions to the Ballarat Reformatory some time ago for hbrsesatealing; made his esapje from that .institution on Thursday last in company, with another 3 outh, who was soon afterwards captured, Edlin got .away.:witha. horse beloging to a .Ir Davis. o o Sales t?toqm ;i FIr J..F, Z.Do6ling ivilIl, on to morrow,;holI.a dleanng utsald.oiMrJ.O'dSnln l'e farm Morandingý and on the 3rd proximo he .ill hold, annimportnt sae at. Moranding, the rO ety .of nMIiy. Fitzpjatrick' To-day the Wallan"allan' Coursing,. Club. wil run off an- open Mtka e at Dlornybrook . Sotwithstnding;that, flee Sandhb9"st `to Seymdur' ?lway Leagiue disolied" somne time ago the;f.ioks of the latter jlace are"' agitatingA. 'Bmeetingis convened at the Se monr ihitr falil for to:iiiorrow evening to considei'the best means'of placing the question of the Sanlhiisst to Seymoi'ur Railway before the mintster. Ouradvise is -Don't On, Saturday.evenin?,hg setting.up ogertheHi ih -Gamp Plain Cursing rýatch took pltde at' the'Ro3rltl Oak Hotel, when ?r J..3 W. Davern,. the winner of the first prize, wa:hdfided ever the d"wadhandsoino cups, kindly . predente& :to' :the .elub'.,by- ,Mr" .H. Browne. The toasts of the -judge,'tho slipper and the stewarts'were ,drunk. with, enthusiasm,' anc a presentation of a handsome Maltese' gold cross was made to Mr Jas. Ahearn. 'ir Hdnt M.L.A. who' was in the chair:inade the presentation ---and Messrs.'. Dowling, Browne, Abearn and other spoke to the toasts. Mr Peerman's kindness in allowing the use of his grounds was specially acknowledged. Throngh the explosion of a:shotin.the Crichton's Freehold mine at Gembrook on Monday, a miner named Bryson had his leg broken, and his face in jured. He is we are pleased to say improving. The' candidates placec?din nominda'tion for the two vacant seats in the Broadfoid Shire Council are Messrs .. .Crane (retiring councillor),' Thbomas Marchbank, and P. McManus, . Mi Zwar, an old and tried councillor, one'of'those who retired' 'by rotation,. declined to come forward again. Mr D. McLeod.has; been elected auditor without opposition The Australasiax has done vast service to the colony .by its trench'ant;exposure of The Age. tactics in connection with agriculturalreporting in America, the latter paper, with all its effrontery, has liter ally no answer to make to the charge of" falsehooda and deception." .. MIr Hunt's action against Sir Arthur Gordon was concluded at Wellington.on Friday, the jumy seturiiug (verdict for £100. At ,Vallend' municipal coutlcil,-- the mayor' vieo-. lently assaulted a councillor-a convincing argu ment. The charges against the Rev. John .Osborne. Wesleyan clergyman of Sydney, of heresy and false teaching, because he had spoken kindly of Roman Catholics, has fallen through. The W~arranambool Indeendcnt reports hares very pldntiful in the Western district, and reports" puss" asifinding new enemies in the shape of hawks and' eagles. :.. w?e A glance'at'the Heathoote paper last week would suffice to show the greatinterest the people of "that pleo are taking viith ioferonoo to tho'Wandvuag':to Heathcota railw y. ' The Nagambic Times reports that the Dargalong ratepayers of the Goulburn `hire are agitating for severance with the view to becoming attached to the Wai-anga municipality.-. ,Tho Tallarook to Yea railway is b(ing pushed for ward rapidly and, weather permitting, will soon be finished.. SThe St; James railway 'ill be opened about the 17th August. , Alex. M'Donnell of Pakenham, was so injured by a bullock dray on Thursday last that he died at the Alfred Hospital. Fredk. Hamilton, arrested for drunkenness on Fiday in Melbourne, died on being removed to gaol. Thomas Daniels, 14 yenrs, killed by a fall in the Mu~tual LStre,, Me bourne, ,n?na. ,: -.aa'ci2.Mu n , , .nFrid -. '?. .. . Fratncis Mcleni -of-Ha'miltbn, kiied 'onF:Friny by a fallof earth. SAlice Dunlop, died on Friday night in the Mel. bourne Hospital from the #eflects of poison. The Imperial Government is of opinion that Queensland has exceeded its powers as a colony, and its action.,apout the Now Gui~ea aun e a io Burns. hias' ·bbn 'irconv~ieted · of' the" mbtider/oll Michael Quinlivan at Wickliffe. " Bough On Rats."--Clear out rats, mice, roaches, flies, bed-bugs, boetles, insects, skun-ks, jgck-rabbits, gophers, 7-d: .Driuggisis, M0ses;,?Moss & Co., Sydney, General Agents.--Advt. At Blackwood last week, an old mannamed John Took, took his life by firing contents of a pistol into his side, ,Friday's ,World says .:- Mr Akehurst, P.M. is introducing: poiiteness. irto the police force. ThM' mourning B'girl?va's bhouightAxp at the City Cou t, and charged with insulting behaviour. 'The girl was proceeding down Ruseell-street last .night, and on the way met a constable. who roughly told her, although she was doing nothing, to "get out of this." The girl made a reply .perhaps more em pathio than po~ite, and for her misbehaviour was this morning fined 10s., with 2s Od. costs, Mr Akehurst . commenting severely. pponi .the, actida" otthe con stable for nit being?"'"t'oleit.?ivil"E '. The Melbourne Government offices had a narrow escape from being, burnt down, on Thursday night, through a room in the'"Land' Department taking 'fire. At Sydney, on Thursdrly, iA1h-ed Colebrook, 4 years of age, was burnt to death through his night shirt taking fire. ........ Whilst in a state of intoxication William Rowe made it -warm at the Temperance-hall, M elbourne, on Monday night;: and was fieed next: day £10.fo? his conduct. On h?Tissday, EdFaair&' W? "H. .Creenfiel4, com mitted suicide by shooting himself at the BonAccord Temperance Hotol, Melbourne. 'The post-0offce at Peechelba proper has been changed to Bundalong south. P Messrs A;saimuer, jolii Coik: and Michael Bren-' nan are gaz . ,.edimstees of th' Gobur cometery.' ,: A land board.willrsiLat Alexaidra- on the 10th prox., and at Mansfield 0nifollowiixg day. Senior-constable Gill stack up in Melbourne and Srobbed.-: ";.--·.: ? ?: , Gorged Livers:-Bilious; conditions, constipation, piles, dysjepsia, h'eadach, :cured by ".wells'- MIay Apple Pills." d'and Is boxes at druggists. Moses, Moss & Co., Sydney, General Bgnts. --B4dv ' Rememberrthat a little :Hop ;.jters:'save big? doctor's bills, and cures wThen ,allelse fails. :'R"ad.:i A dejputatidn, from' Hea~bholo,, "'ilmore;: Pyilong, J&c.; ;waitdd .on the Miidlter 'or RHilwa s. yeeatord.,y, .reqjueting .that: the Wandopg to 'Ueathbote,~ line would :be in? eluded in- th' firs't railway bill. The minister promised the )hatiter woUld no; be forgottenq Thd mandidates, ndminated :for! .Pa'ylng' Shire 7are -?LFor , Wos't': :Riding. :Messrs .Pj LI Cooke, and COrnlius Leh,,ne ;. East Riding,. Messrs John-K0eti6 y' and.Michael Geraoghty'; and for.Suth Riding, Meesrs William Eades and Joseph Eades. MrD. MI'Leod was api I pointed auditor. Winm. Slater died on 22nd inst. from effeots of a pistol: shot. Mr; William Henry Waddington has been ap pointed French ambassador in London. I Last week a man named John Williams was killed at Snoywy River by a tree being felle by an. I other alli pon him. On Thirsday at\Vahring Mr J. Morrissey J.P., held an enquiry at Nagambie, into the cause of death of '" German Gharlie," found cead at Wahr ing, when cause of death was set down as inflamma tilonof thejlungs.: ;:. - " Thursday's sitting of the Legislative Assembly, was taken up with the Railway Management Bill, The Telegraph says :-The Victoria Racing Club 'Winte- St'epl~ih'as Meeting was held at Fleming ton on Saturday last, and were it not for the sad and fatal, accident- which happened. to a jockey named Archibald M'Innis, the gathering would have been one of the most successful cf the season, as the weather was fine and there was a very large attend ance. The accident referred to occurred in the Grand National Steeplechase, through Chrysalis, who was ridden by M'Innis, coming down at the stone wall at the back of the course, and falling heavily on her rider, injuring him so severely about the chest that he expired a few minutes after wards from internal hemorrhage. The unfortunate young man was a well-known cross-country rider, and was much respected among racing men. Pro ceedings commencednwith the Maiden Hurdle Race which was won easily by the Joker, with Belle .Bandb,. second, and .the favourite Ontario. third. The Maiden Steeplechase;.wasa chapter. of accidents oily two out of the six starters completing the Giarse without ' ~aiishap,: Shamrpckieventually winnig. rather easily from Speculatioqu. with Hope third. Diesy easilyFapptpriated the Grand-National Hurdle ,Race, Rhuses defeating Basiliskfor second honours. 11 horses started: for. the GrandrlNational Steeple chase, and six out of that ??;mbr.cad to grief, Blackthorn in the end securing a 'ery easy win from Sailor, withBlack Jacket third, -Su?might came in first for the Selling Hurdle I.aee, butlvas;disqualifibd for being under weight, and the stakes awarded to Wild Ilarry, who came in eecond a'he meeting terminated yit1i'h ld ti~aceh , .hich Tell to Virago w-ith Bonnie. Blee s tci d, d .?ie Ghost .third. ' Mr Iles: caterdr, of ,Collin:sstreet, su iplied.a excelient liuncheon. ' . Mother Swan's Wor rSyrup -Thfiiillible; taste less, ha?nkess, catharatic; for- feverishness, restless: peas, worms, constipation.: ..is. at druggists,; Moses; ,Moss & Co., Sydney, General agents.-?drt. . ... . .- 