JACQBrS WIFE. CHAPTER IL-iOmcUuicd.) I BY ADELINE 8EBGBAHT, Author ot" Her Work to Aitfe/* "finosd Recall, 1 Stotj of the Egyptian IRc," &c.; Lake Darenth did ju bis ni told. With a Swift, imperious gestnra of her right hand Join dismissed the company. Not one replied or resisted. Cowed fir her tones th women slunk away toward* the village, holdlog the children by the hands. Oat of sight they grumbled and reviled her, called her ionf names—for some of them were women of the baser sort—and declared that they would not now lift a finger to help her were die begging at their door. Joan Darenth ma unpopular at Cham wood from that "Hvhea all were gone hut Geoffrey and Luke Joan came down from the steps as from a pedestal, her arms hanging wearily by her side. " Was I too angiy with them 1" she said, with her eyes full of tears. " Poor souls 1 I should not be so angry ft I did not love them so muoh ] But what are you two doing here t Give mo my bag and bundle and make haste •way; you have not so much right here as the village women. Thank you, Luke; thank you. Sir, and good-bye." : " Joan 1 Captain Van borough called after her; but she was gone, He turned upon Junks almost savagdy. "Why can't you stop her? Why do you let her go into that infected hole T Luke stared, looked up and down as if L,— for answer m earth and sky, and fini is none. At length he said, rue- fully eni „ "It do seem as though she found it to be berdooty." . And with this answer he was satisfied if Geoffrey was not. Joan went into the cottage and shut the door. There were many things to be done, but Bhs was ready for her work. The pretty little boy of five years old had died not hau an hour ago, after a few hours' illness only, of the most malignant form of soarlet fever, and her first task was to lay the child quietly out af its mother's sight, then to straighten the cold limbs and covor the childish faoe. Scarcely any qualm of natural fear disturbed Joan at her work. She was already used to the eight of death. The sick and the dying at Charawood always sent for Joan. The baby was sleeping quietly, the father was soothed into lying down upon a low truckle bed, while Joan attended to the mother. Mrs. tipence was in a stupid, halfconscious state. As Dr. Ambrose had said, It was likely that hers would be a bad case. There was another child living—a little girl about nine, who seemed so far to be pcrfetly welL. Through the silent hours of night Joan watched and waited by the sick woman's bod. Sometimes the baby woke and had to be fed and hushed to sleep ; sometimes the patient attend incoherent words, and hoarse, delirious cries. When these were silent the house was still as death, and the hours seemed long. At last a sleepy bird chirped outside the window. He w as answered at a short interval by another. Then a third woke up, twittered a little, and was silent, and twittered again. Then there was a pause, and in the distance a oock crew. This seemed to be tbe signal for a sudden outburst of vocal life. The martens In the eaves, the thrushes in the garden, the blackbird that had built bis nest within the willow-stamp, all broke out into melodious song. Joan heard the starlings Butter and tweet to themselves in the chimney; two wood pigeons cooed together upon the roof. Drawing aside the curtain she saw the tndeearibable change that preoedes the dawn of day passing over the greyneas of the sky, and presently a flash of rose-oolour {floated np {com the east to west and north and south. Little by little It deepened into orimBon, and the light of day grew clearer, [till all the sky was suffused with a golden glow. It was four o'clook in the rooming of a brilliant summer day. John Spence stole timidly into the room, and begged to be allowed to Bit beside his wife awhile. Joan granted his request—it was impossible now to guard him from the danger of infection, rather he must share with her the labour of nursing his wife, and perhaps bis child. "Sit quiet, then," she said, soothingly, " while I co downstairs and look after the fire and make some tea. If baby cries, or if Mary wants me aud I do not hear, you must call me." She left him and went unto the kitchen. There it occurred to her that the water used for drinking puritosea had all to be fetohed from a stream a lew yards distance from the bouse. She would take a. pail and get some before any of the village folks were likely to be up. And thus she would also get a breath of fresh air, for *hioh she had pined in vain in the stuffy little bedroom of the Spenoes' cottage. She turned to the right as she left the garden gate, and made her way up the road for a few yards. Here she gained a sharp ourve, where, from a continuation of the ridge that overshadowed the Spences' oottsge, a little stream fell fresh aud clear into a natural basin, which it filled, and thence trickled away down the hill and was lost in the sandier soil below. From the side of this tiny waterfall she had a view of wide fields and park land, which lay below her like a map in the light of the rising sun. The village in the hollow behind the ridge was completely out of sight, and in the gently-curving plain below one building only could be seen—one rising frotn amidst a croup of fir-trees, with the gleam of water at its foot—one that Joan Darenth knew well and had reverenced from her childhood, for it was Geoffrey Van borough's home. Sbe looked at it with tbe firm setting of her lips which with her told of some repression of emotion. She had filled her pail with water, and held it in her strong right hand ; her left w&a; poised lightly upon her hips. Her hair had become partiaUv loosened, and fell in a rich dark stream below her waist; ,her face was grave, and it betrayed very little weariness, in spite of her night of watching. Sbe turned at last to go, but was suddenly confronted by the figure of a man, who seemed to have started out of the earth at her veiy feet. It was Captain Vanboroueh himself. She recoiled as if she had seen a ghost. 4 1 Don't come near me," she Bald. " flow wicked it ifl of you to eiposo yourself to danger in this way ! Don't you know where I have spent the night f" " X know," he answered, quietly. "And I have lain here or watched your window ever Bince I left tbe cottage gate. I told you I must get speech of you before I went away.' She did not pause to reply. Avoiding him, she walked swiftly and steadily dowu the road, with a look of displeasure upon her noble face which he was quick to note. " You think I am a fool, Joan. Well, Buppose I am, at least you can answer the fool aocordiug to his folly. Can you never understand that your coldness, your carelessnesB, iB driving me mad! \Vnv should you be so hard on me, and why should you trifle with me t I will not say that I must have an answer; but 1 beg of you. I entreat of you, to give me one." His u gual gontle indifference of manner had entirely left him. His face was pale beneath itB shadowing brown hair, his eyes had a worn expression. Passion and unrest had told upon hi*n more than toil and watching upon her. C3 Sho walked on quickly. Her faoe was rigidly severe. '' I have been sitting all night with the dying and the dcul," she responded. "You may be sure 1 shall not trifle with you now. I never have trifled with you. I have given you an answer half a dozen times. Yon could not have chosen a more unfit moment than thiB for speaking to me. No, don't touch me, don't come nearer. Do me tnia one great kindness, Sir—go away, for pity's sake, and let me never see your face again." They had reached the cottage. She entered the garden and closed the gate upon him, then caught sight of bis face, and perhaps for a moment relented. "Don't look like that," Bho .said. Buddenlv turning as pale as Geoffrey himself, " don t try to make mc think 1 am hurting you. Oh, how wrong it is of mo to talk to you here at all. But, at any rate, you cannot believe I would trifle with you now. You know that 1 am Pi^km.: in Bolemn earnest when 1 ask you to BO—to let me alone—never, never to ejM'ak to me a^aio." "But I cannot go," said Geoffrey insistently. "I will not go without another word, although 1 do not know how to tell YOU half of what I feel. No woman hae ever been to me v hat you could bo. I Bhould be so much a better man, Joan—and surely that will weigh with you—if you would but lie my wife." " You are wrong; you would be no better," sho said, abruptly. " No ; I am not a fit wife for you. V ou are a gentleman ; 1 am not a lady." " You aro the grandest woman I have ever known," said Geoffrey, looking straight into her eyes, " and therefore you ought to be above giving me so paltry a. reason. Sho changed colour. The shaft had gone home. "It is a paltry reason," she said, droppisg her eyelids, " and it is not the true one." Involuntarlv ho drew nearer the gato, but she stepped hack and shook her head. "It is not, bhe said. "Just because you an of gentle blood ana I am not—not because your father aud your brother and Miss Clarice would look down on me—not because all the world would be against us ; but because I could not bear to be the wife of a man whom I did not think the best and wisest man alive, I have heard of your life, and I think ths very ea e and comfort—the waste of it all—would kill me." " Is that all f said Qeoffrev. " Don't you know that I would order my life as yon bade met For your sake I could do Anything." "That is not alL I might be killed and not grumble. But I should not satisfy you; I should make yon. unhappy, and you—you would tire of me." " Tin of you ? Does one tire of sunliphtT Joan, these reasons of yours m t flimsy e things. Can you not love me, dear, in spite of tnem all? Speak the truth, and I will abide by it" She looked at him steadfastly. " You will abide by it, will you f she said, in a very low voice. " I am glad of that. Well; then, listen. Geoffrey Vanboroueh, I do not love you, and I will not be your wife.' "Joan—is that the truth P he cried. She gave him a strange look. There was desperation in her eyes. " It is so true," she said, " that, if you will not take this answer onoe for all—if ever yon come near me again—I shall be forced to leave my father's nouse and earn my living among strangers as a servant Do you wish to drive me to that P A red flush had mounted to his forehead. " No," he said vehemently, " not for the world. Then he spoke in a gentler tone. "Pardon me, Joan, I did not understand before. I will not.trouble you again." He raised his hat with oeremonious respect, and turned away. She had gained her point at last. He stood for one moment on the road, as if to collect his scattered thoughts. Then he took the way to Charawood, and never once looked back. He had got his dismissal, and he took it like a man. As for Joan, she carried her pail of water into the house, and set it down with a weary 1 sigh. 1 If s done now," she said aloud. But her throat began to throb and swell so painfully that she was forced to tear with both bands at the neck of her gown to relieve herself from the sensation of choking. Her lips and oheeks turned white with the effort she made to strangle the passionate soba with which for a minute or two her bosom heaved. Her eyes swam with burning tears. " Not love you P she murmnred to herself. " Oh, my darling, my darling, as if I would not give my life for yours ! God forgive me for the lie that I have told I" A faint cry from the upper room restored her to herself. The baby was awake. And for the rest of the day she had no leisure to brood upon her own troubles or upon the mode of Geoffrey's Vanborough's departure. 