GRETNA GREEN' GOSSIP. GRETNA GREEN is the name of an insignificant village in the border country between England and Scotland. It is situated in Dumfries-shire, near the month of the Esk, nine miles north-west of Carlisle, and consequently within a mile of the English border. Probably no place. of such absence of preten- sion to size and population has attained the notoriety which attaches to the tune of Gretna Green, a distinction it has obtained merely through its being the first place suitable for stoppage after the English border was once gassed. This close proximity was utilised by runaway couples, who, dispensing for various reasons with the preliminaries of anyone's consent to their union, or the publication, of banns requisite by the English marriage laws, could when once on Scottish ground accomplish their wedding by simply declaring before witnesses their mutual willingness to undertake the "contract: . To the facility, then, which the marriage laws of Scotland offered to amorous and impatient couples (minors or not), the fisher village of Gretna Green owes its. repute as a chosen altar of Hymen. A marriage once declared here was henceforward considered valid, and after exchanging before any witness the mutual promises, the pair might return to England at once, the knot being tied, beyond all chance of disputed As might be expected, haste was a great factor in these summary pairings, and consequently postil- i lions were largely employed to get over the distance between Carlisle and Gretna, course upon which no doubt many a tough race has been run between prudent parent or guardian and ardent runaways. The " par- sons of Gretna were the ordinary inhabitants, who were weavers, fishermen (Gretna being at the head of the Solway), blacksmiths, c, and their fees were entirely arbitrary, being fixed on the spot according to the private information of the postillions, or according to the appearance and simplicity of the young couple. Marriages have been contracted here for a glass of whisky ; while, on the other hand, a fee of 20 has been paid, is in the case of Lord Chief Justice Erskine, who availed, himself of the easy, ceremony, and even much larger sums, as in the cases of the Earl of Westmoreland, Lord Deerhurst, and others, who. paid to the officiating " cleric" upwards of 100 guineas. In the absence of any local person to receive the attestations to the contract the postal lions themselves have been known to assume the sacerdotal functions. The first broker in Gretna Green marriages was one- Scott, who lived at a point called the Riggi a few miles from the village. It is said he commenced his infamous profession about the year 1750, but beyond the fact that he was at crafty fellow, who could turn the . emergencies of the time to his advantage, little is known of him the next who undertook the-remunerative duties of high priest was George Gordon, an -old soldier, who invariably wore as canonicals a full military uniform of a bygone type-a tremendous cocked hat, scarlet coat, and jack-boots, with a ponderous sword dangling from his belt. His church had the appearance of a barn, and stood a little to the left of the public road ; his altar was an ale cask, upon which was placed an open" Bible. Next to Gordon, Joseph Paisley (some- times called Pasley) became the recognised parson, he was a fisherman, who agreeably united with the duties of that position the e pursuits of smuggler and tobacconist. He, has been also called ¡«»blacksmith, but this was simply^a-fanciful allusion to the part he took in the Gretna Green marriages Vulcan being the marriage maker of the gods as well as their south: -DEc commenced the matrimonial business in 1780, and at first wife retiring in his manner of dealing, but afterwards became audaciously unscrupulous, going so far even as to supply fictitious signatures to' the certificates, instead of, as at first, resorting to the less culpable proceeding of signing his own name as a witness, It is said of this man that at his death, about 1811, he weighed 15st. He was a coarse, blatant individual, and habitually appeared in a sort töf priestly dress, even in his constant dissi- pations. At his death the priesthood was taken by his son-in-law, Robert Elliott, who kept an account of his transactions, and afterwards published them under the title of "The Gretna Green Memoirs." In this hostages that between 1891 and 1839, no less than 77-11 persons were united by-law THE Gretna. The Times, in a review of the book, doubted the accuracy of the assertion, which drew from him a reply in the form of a letter to that paper. He said, " I can show registers (for that number) from my commencement, and which either you or" any respectable individual may inspect here, and which I can substantiate on oath." "We give here an extract from the "Memoirs of Elliott." He says : " As the marriage ceremony performed by me and my predecessors may be interesting to many of my readers I give it verbatim. ' Ute parties at a hut Caked their mines and places of abode they rather asked to stand up, and inquired of if they are both single persons if the answer be in the din of active the ceremony) proceeds ' Each is next asked, 'Did you come here of your own free will and second Upon receiving a tramline answer the guest commences filling in the printed form of the ceiIllicite Clio min is then asked 1 Do you the this woman to be your lawful wedded wife, forsaking all others, and keep to her as long as ) on both shall live c 1 He answers, to will the woman is asked w om in is asked the same question, when, being answered the same, the woman then pi oduces a i ing, which shares to the man, who hands it to the guest The priest then returns it to the man, and orders him to put it on the four lb finger of the woman s left hand repeating these words, 'With this "ring I thee wed with my body I thee wed ship, with all my goods I thee endow, in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy) Ghost Amen 'He) then take hold of each others right hands, and the w our m s) s, ' What God joins together at no man put asunder Then the priest says Inasmuch as this man and this worn in li we come together by giving and receiving a rug, I therefore declare them to be an md wife before God and these witnesses, in the name of the I other, Son, and Holy Ghost Amen The following are among the memorable matches effected through the agency of Robert Elliott, and recorded in his " Memoirs " : 1812\. Rev. Wm. Freemantle, an English clergyman. C. Ewen Law, son of Lord Ellenborough, to Miss Nightingale. 1895-6 droll gaberlutizie,"v without legs or arms, to a comely damsel, both appearing anxious of the ceremony to the disgust even of the not, too fastidious person himself. t. j, 1816\. Lord Chief Justice, Erskine. Within a year, however, his lordship" tried to loosen his matrimonial chains by a divorce by the Scottish law, but failed. I 1826\. E. Gibbon Wakefield with Miss Turner. Of the trial which ensued upon this we give particulars below. During the latter part of Elliott's " ministration competition in the marrying business became brisk, and he had numerous rivals, the most powerful of which candidates for clerical emoluments being another son of Mars, named David Laing. The competition became so pronounced that the rival businesses canvassed for the assistance and co-operation of the postillions, who, commencing by receiving a commission per runaway pair, at last ended by going upon a system of equal shares with their priestly co- partners. In 1827, at the Kent Assizes, a Gretna Green marriage was the subject of a curious trial before Mr. Baron Hullock. The action, was taken against one Mrs. Wakefield and her two sons, for conspiring " to take away by subtle stratagems" a young lady named Turner, who had not yet left school. -- The David Laing above mentioned was called as a witness on behalf of the defendants, and he affirmed" that the couple were married lawfully according to the Scottish fashion viz.-,^>y putting on the lady's, finger a ring. The' witness said he refers £75 years old, and had spent more than half his life in the performance of marriages, In the cross examination by Mr. Brougham, he admitted obtaining £30 for this particular ceremony, or even £50, but could not remember exactly, " being somewhat hard of hearing." The accused were found guilty of causing this young lady to " contract matrimony without the consent of her father, and to the great disparagement of the King's peace. The chief offender, E. Gibbon Wakefield, was convicted for abduction, and the marriage, which excited considerable public attention, was afterwards rendered invalid, and annulled by an Act of Parliament specially obtained. After this flagrant case the Gretna Green marriages fell into comparative disrepute, and the business showed a steady decline, though cases of the employment of the. pseudo parsons are on much later record. Lj 1853, a person named Thomas Blythe, a witness before the Court of Probate at Westminster, stated that he lived at Springfield, Gretna Green, and that he obtained . his livelihood by agriculture, but that he not infrequently took advantage of opportunities to increase his income by small strokes of business in the joining line. Again, the demise" of another " joiner" was announced so late as 1872, when the obituary of Simon Lang appeared in" the Glasgow Herald, Probably he did not pursue his "clerical profession nearly so late as this, for in 1856 the old law, by which the mere verbal declaration of consent before wits nesses was sufficient to constitute a Scottish legal marriage, became effete through the passing the Act of Parliament BE and 20 Vic, c. 106. By this Act the laws of Scot- land and England were brought into assimi- lation, and in that year the occupation of the northern hedge-parson was virtually gone. It may be said such marriages as those we have described were considered as clandestine and ill-advised in Scotland, as. in more southern parts, the Church of Scotland doing all that lay hydro power to discourage and prevent such. ' The" only punishment, however, which it had for transgressors being excommunication, the restraint by the Kirk was very slight, it% injunctions and fulminatory condemnations being treated with contempt. Probably the best known of the notable marriages which have taken place at Gretna Green is that of the Earl of Westmoreland with the daughter of Child, the banker, whose counting-house was at the sign of the Mary gold, in the Strand. The romantic but determined couple had the advantage of an early start one starlight night in May ; but the pursuit was not less hot than the departure had been well-arranged, and when within a few miles of the border the coach was nearly overtaken by Mr. Child's carriage. The earl, however, not to be baulked when so near the end of the journey, shot down. one of the pursuing horses, while one of his servants cut the carriage straps behind. The crown of fire whieli,inark Gretna from the surrounding country came quickly into view, the bridge was crossed, and the village was reached by the reckless couple. A parson was found, and quickly the Earl and Miss Clarke were made one. Within a year Mr. Child died, it is said ofT mortifica- tion and disappointment connected with this affair. The elder daughter of the milich, Lady SophiaJiFane, inherited his immense fortune, including Child's bank near Temple Bar, and afterwards married Lord Jersey. From "Historic Romance," by William Andrews, E.R.H.S. Audiences inoculation for the prevention of pleuro-pneumonia in cattle has been practised for over thirty years on the Continent of Europe, and for tvvciity-two,y£ar8 in Australia, there are still considerable;- numbers both amongst scientific and practical men who entertain doubts as to its efficacy, in the Veterinarian for April it is stated that the distinguished French savant, M. Pasteur, has taken the subject . v, and we may therefore expect to have the question thoroughly investigated, and its efficacy or otherwise placed entirely beyond the region of doubt by practical experiment. M. Pasteur has brought prominently forward one point which seems to have escaped notice namely, the entire absence of any precaution in collecting and keeping the fluid so as to prevent the entrance of septic germs, which he asserts destroy the special properties of the virus, and accounts for the fatal results which follow inoculation in a certain sometimes considerable propor of cases. He also notes that there is no uniform method of operating, an essential element in the carrying out of a scheme which is to secure uniform results. It is further satisfactory to know, from the same journal, that, the whole question of inoculation for plcurQ-jmcunionia is to form the subject of investigation by a commission appointed in France. 1 Hitherto the subject has only received a half-hearted and superficial investigation at the hands of English scientists. Queenslander. E F DRY seasonable weather prevailed generally last week in Hew South Wales, but in a few dis tricts'sliovvcrshavcfallcn. Kiandra, in the region of snow, registered as much as 12in. ; Carcoar t:52, and Orange the in the matter of temperature, all the liirii^districts' experienced frosts, and in the low- lying districts the weather was chilly. The pastures arches as well covered as could be wished, but there are not any serious complaints The lambing, so far as it has progressed in; the south, has offered . good averages, and if!' thought that the in crease will be satisfactory. The condition of stock is generally reported good, and water is everywhere plentiful. 'In the Sydney fat cattle market 1890's cattle passed through the yards last week, all qualities being represented. Biddings were languid for anything except good and primcj.vvithoiit any alteration in values. Prime befalls. per 100 lb. Quotations -Prime bullocks;'£8'los. to £9 10s.; good, £8 touches.; medium, £0 5s. to £7 10s. inferior, £4 to £5 ; cows in proportion. Sour stomach, sick headache, and dizziness Hop Bitters cures with a few doses." Soo. 