Literature. A SEA QUEEN. By W. CLARK RUSSELL, Author of 'The Wreck of the Grosvenor,' 'A Sailors Sweetheart,' 'An Ocean Free Lance,' &c;, &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] CHAPTER XXII.--THE MEN ARE RELEASED. As he returned he looked into the galley, and addressed some words with a violent gesture of the arm to the cook, and then re- joined me. "I have them now," said he. "They tame wild beasts by keeping them without water; and those scoundrels shall lie there till thirst brings them to their senses. You see what I have done?" he called out to the mates. "Yes, sir," replied Heron. "Understand— both of you— that that scuttle is not to be touched without my orders!" They answered at once. "Ay, ay, sir." After a little the mate went below, but my husband continued walking athwart the deck, with his arms locked upon his breast, whilst I stood beside the skylight watching him, greatly agitated by what had taken place and wondering what we should do. The barque, as I have said, was under all plain sail. The cloths offered an immense surface, and as I looked at the white and glistening spaces a feeling of terror possessed me when I thought of what must happen if the weather grew boisterous and the men refused to re- turn to their duties. Presently Richard's eye lighted upon me. He stopped, and forcing a smile, said, "Your old dreams of the sea never included a busi- ness of this kind, Jess?" "No," I answered. "How has it all come about, Richard?" "I know no more than you," said he. "But I have no doubt whatever that the mates are at the bottom of it. They have found some rascally hands in the forecastle— Quill, for instance, and that yellow devil who ran away from the wheel just now; and the carpenter, taking his cue from Heron, has encouraged them to grumble, whilst they in their turn have influenced the rest. The whole thing is vamped up. The men who pretend not to be equal to the discharge of able seamen's duty are merely acting a part agreed upon." "I felt that as I listened to them," said I. "Did you note the behavior of the mates? Short actually chimed in with them. Heron, who is more unprincipled, was more cautious. But, depend upon it, he took care to let the crew tell by his manner that he was as much against me as any of them." "It seems so unreasonable, so monstrous," said I, "that a whole crew should turn like this, so early in the voyage, upon a captain they have nothing to say against. Even were it true that some of the able seamen are bad sailors, it would be a grievance no honest man among them would hold you responsible for." "When sailors are rascals, there's no kind of rascals worse," said he. "This is not the first time a ship's crew have,mutinied without just reason; and I have even heard of a second mate turning out to be the promoter of the rebellion; but never in all my expe- rience and reading have I come across such a thing as both mates — nay, every living crea- ture aboard a vessel— combining against a master who has done them no wrong, and where there is no complaint to be made against the ship. Am I to assume that Heron is paying me out for the talking to I gave him in the North Sea? But what's the use of conjecturing? Here is the thing right under our noses. How am I to cope with it? Oh, Jess, I wish you were at home. I wish you were safe with your father! Your presence unmans me. Your precious life weighs against the resolution I ought to have to deal with these villains." He was deeply moved, and looked at me with sorrowful eyes and a face full of bewilder- ment. I was equally moved to hear him speak in this manner; for as he knew how great was my love for him, he might well suppose that I could desire no greater glory than to share in his difficulties and perils, and that nothing could shame me more deeply to the heart than to believe him capable of supposing I thought only of my own safety when he was in danger. Maybe he read what was passing in my mind, for so I interpreted his smile, that was like a recognition of my thoughts. But he was too much troubled to dwell long upon any one point of this sudden calamity. He kept on saying, as if to himself, "Both mates against me! Not a living creature honest enough, among a company of twelve men, to admit that I am being cruelly ill-treated! It is incredible! Who would believe it? Why, if the mates and the seamen had all been convicts, they could not prove more dangerous scoundrels to go afloat with. Our very lives are not safe!" and, as he said this, he laid his hand on his breast. "What have you here," said I. "Nothing, Jess, nothing," he answered, letting fall his hand. "Why not tell me?" I exclaimed. "Is it a pistol?" "Yes," he replied, with a little hesitation; and a darkness came into his face as he said. "Thank God Quill went forward when I told him. In another minute I must have shot him." "Oh Richard!" cried I, clasping my hands, "for God's sake do not carry such a horrible temptation to your passions about with you." "Hush!" he exclaimed, looking in the direction where the carpenter stood steering, "I am one to twelve, and I know my men. Say no more about it, Jessie;" and he spoke so sternly that the protest I was about to repeat died away on my lips. I had guessed by the manner in which he slapped his breast, when he bade the crew go forward, that he had a pistol there; yet I was not so certainly convinced but that the confirmation of my suspicion affected me like a violent blow, bringing home with unbearable em- phasis the character of our peril, by giving me to see how he prepared himself for it. His glance happened to fall upon his sex- tant that lay upon the skylight. He instantly took it up, and said, "I must go below to work out these sights. They had utterly passed from my mind. Stay on deck, Jess, till I return, and should the steward or cook approach the fore-scuttle--that little hatch there, just before the windlass-- call to me through the skylight." So speaking, he left me, just going to the binnacle and saying something to the carpenter, and looking up as he spoke, as though referring to the quantity of canvas on the barque, and then narrowly scanning the horizon to judge of the weather, and also to see if there was any vessel in sight. It seemed strange indeed to me to be walk- ing the deck as if I had command; for this was the feeling given by the responsibility to keep watch that my husband had put upon me. I knew what he feared was that the cook or the steward might in his absence sneak forward and liberate the men; who, should they be let loose in this way, were very likely to be hurried into extremities by their rage at having been battened down in the small forecastle and threatened with hun- ger and thirst if they did not return to their duty. Accordingly, I kept my eyes closely fixed on that part of the vessel; but all the while I was wondering how this unhappy and dangerous business was to end, whether any good would come of my going to the men and endeavoring to make peace, and, above all, how we should manage, far out as we were in the Atlantic, and without a man to trust to, even among the four who had not directly mutinied— i.e., the mates, steward, and cook--- if the crew continued obstinate in their refusal to work the vessel. My imagination, always most active when I was least thankful for its suggestions, painted that darksome interior forward for me, and, the inside of the forecastle presented, I could easily figure a sort of gloomy cave, dimly lighted by an oil lamp, the whole made resonant by the wash and hollow thunder of the bow wave, as it roared from the cutwater, and picture the faces of the crew, pallid as ghosts in the sickly light, as the men sat up on their chests, and conferred upon what was best to be done now that they were im- prisoned, and there was no chance of obtain- ing provisions unless they turned to. It was a strange imagination to come into my head; but the mere thought of the crew would inspire it when my mind went to them from the beautiful sunbright, breezy picture of the barque and the glorious expanse of curling, sparkling, yeasty sea. Presently, turning my head, I noticed Mr. Short standing squarely at the wheel, and steering with a dogged face. Little as I re- lished addressing him after his manner when I had before accosted him, I fancied that something might come of an exchange of words with the fellow; and as I could com- mand the forecastle as well from the wheel as from the skylight, I walked aft. "This is a very unhappy business, Mr. Short," said I. "What is the cause of men mutinying in this manner?" "You heard their answers to the cap'n, mum," he replied. "They say there aren't enough good hands among 'em." "But is that really the case, or is it a mere pretence to give my husband and Mr. Heron and yourself trouble?" I said. He turned his eyes slowly upon me, as much as to say; "Don't bracket us with your hus- band; that's a kind of sop that won't do here!" and exclaimed, "Some of the men aren't up to much. Yet not much good can come of their striking. The ship must be worked, if we don't want to be drownded, an' it's hinconvenient enough to me, mum. Here am I fetched off my dinner afore I'd taken three bites of it." I was about to offer to hold the wheel whilst he went for his dinner; but instantly thought, No! if he offers to release the men I shall be unable lo leave the wheel to call my husband. So I said, "Shall I tell the steward to bring your dinner here?" "Thank ye, mum, I can wait," he answered gruffly. "I suppose there'll be an end o' this job presently, and then somebody 'll relieve me." "Did you ever hear of a crew mutinying so early on a voyage as our men have?" I asked. "Ay," he replied, "scores of times. Why, pretty nigh every day ye may hear of crews refusing to man the windlass, and that means that they mutiny afore they begin the voyage." "But not without some grievance— some- thing to justify them in refusing to go to sea?" "Oh, if they think themselves short- handed, they'll mutiny fast enough," he answered, with an unpleasant grin. "A good many sailors 'ud reckon our men very patient for waitin' so long before they came aft with their troubles." "I have heard of mutinies, but was never in one before," said I; "but if I thought the men— even in stories about mutinies— mad, what must I think of the reality, when I see this vessel as good as deserted, left to the mercy of the weather, with all the crew con- fined in the forecastle, bound to perish if the barque should founder, and yet apparently valuing their lives so lightly that in order to bring us all into danger they have to invent a grievance." "Well, that's what you say," he responded insolently; "but I, who'm no more than a fo'ksle hand, though I'm styled second mate and carpenter, and who knows more about the life forrards than ever you can, am not going to call the men liars right off 'cause they come aft and make a statement. I'm not with them and I'm not against 'em. I've got nothing to do with it. But if as you say they're willing to lose their lives rather than do the ship's work, don't ye think folks ashore would take that to signify that their grievance must ha' been pretty real to make 'em agreeable to go to the bottom sooner than let them in authority have their own way?" If this thought I is a specimen of the logic this sea lawyer uses in his conversation with the men, small wonder that they mutiny; and as the meaning behind his reply grew clearer to me I felt more than ever persuaded that much if not all the present mischief was owing to the mates, who, finding the crew willing, as unhappily most merchant seamen are, to hunt about for grievances, had quietly stirred them up into their mutinous and menacing posture. I was now startled by the noise of heavy thumping forward. It lasted several moments, and when it ceased the cook came out of his galley and looking my way roared out that he was so and so'd if he didn't believe the men were suffocating. The knock was re- peated, and I ran to the skylight and called Richard. He came on deck at once, but he had no need to ask what was the matter, for on his head emerging from the companion he heard the knocking plainly. "Ah!" he exclaimed, "they are coming to their senses, are they? Mr. Heron," he cried, putting his head down the companion, "come on deck, and bring the handcuffs you'll find on the table in my cabin with you." The mate arrived very promptly, holding the handcuffs. "Now," continued Richard, taking the handcuffs from him, and looking at him sternly, "am I to reckon upon your sup- port?" "Certainly," answered Heron, who was very pale; and I was not surprised that he should be so, for there was something of real desperation in my husband's manner, such as might easily have persuaded the cowardly, unprincipled fellow before him that any hesi- tation new might cost him his life. "Then, follow me," said Richard, and strode hurriedly forward, the mate going after him, and making, I thought, with his narrow shoulders and long shore clothes, but a poor figure beside my husband. When they reached the forecastle, Richard stopped over the hatch without touching it, and called out, "Below there! have you had enough of this? Are you tired?" I was too far off to catch the answer, or even to hear the faintest murmur of it; but a reply was made, for Richard called out again, "I have more patience than you! I can beat you at this game! Are you willing to turn to? If so, say so, and I'll let you out. If not, stop where you are— for we're bound to Sierra Leone, and there we'll go; and if you can do without air and water and provi- sions till we get there, good— you shall have your way." Here the men answered again, on which my husband said, "Very well, I'll open the scuttle, but Isaac Quill must come up first. If any man offers to follow without my leave I'll shoot him. I'll put a bullet through his head the moment it appears. So mind your- selves!" And there was a ring in his voice that could have left them in no doubt of his determination. He then opened the top of the scuttle; but when Quill stepped forth my husband with a quick movement closed the hatch again, and before Quill could gain his sight, blinded as he was by coming from the darkness into the streaming sunshine, the handcuffs were on his wrists, and he was standing like a felon. All this I could plainly see from where I stood. My heart beat violently. I never knew what was going to happen next; what dreadful tragedy might spring from Richard's desperation on the one hand and the men's undisciplined passions on the other. My husband now said something to the mate, who, taking Quill by his shirtsleeve, came along the deck with him. Heron's lips moved as they approached, as though he spoke in a very soft voice to Quill; probably he said something to encourage him, or to excuse himself for taking the part he was now playing. They went down the com- panion, and on peering through the skylight I saw the mate open the door of the berth occupied by the steward. Quill entered. The mate then shut and locked the door, and brought away the key that dangled between his thumb and forefinger as he walked for- ward to rejoin my husband. Certainly this behavior was consistent with his assurance to Richard that he was willing to do what he was told, and I drew some com- fort from it, for I hoped that now he saw Richard was a resolved man, not to be van- quished without a hard and might be a bloody contest, he would fall readily to his duties, withdraw his sympathies from the men, and give us no more trouble this side of Sierra Leone, where no doubt my husband would find some means of getting rid of him. Meanwhile Richard remained standing at the scuttle, with his hand in his breast, wait- ing for the mate, and not addressing the men under the hatch. When Mr. Heron joined him he took the key and put it into his pocket; and then, leaning his head to the scuttle, he called out--- "If I release you, will you turn to and give me no more of your growlings and your lies about being weak handed?" The answer was inaudible to me, but evi- dently satisfactory, for without another word Richard threw back the top of the scuttle and exclaimed, "Very well. Tumble up and re- turn to your work and we'll say no more about it. The past shall be the past. Let the man whose trick it is go aft and relieve the second mate at the wheel." He then, followed by the mate, slowly re- turned along the main deck, coming to a stand near the winch, abaft the mainmast and facing the forecastle, to view the men. CHAPTER XXIII.--MORE TROUBLE. They came up one by one, looking very dazed and rubbing their eyes. The routine aboard the Aurora was the same as in most merchant vessels. The watch who were re- lieved at eight o'clock in the morning had the forenoon watch below, but all hands were kept at work on deck in the afternoon. It was past noon, and consequently quite in order that all hands should be on deck; but, whether because they were sullen, or because their sense of routine had been capsized by the spell of mutiny, they stood in a body near the windlass, not offering to scatter and fall to their various jobs. Richard, observing this, said something to the mate, who called out, "Whose trick is it at the wheel?" Dan Cook, the mulatto, answered, "It's Ikey Quill's, sar. Him was to relieve me at eight bells." "Who relieves Quill?" exclaimed Richard. "Me, sir," answered Gray, an ordinary sea- man. "Then lay aft, Gray, and take the helm," said Richard. I saw the man give a hurried look round at his mates, but my husband was watching him, and perhaps he missed the encouragement he sought in the faces of the others. He came along the deck and took the wheel from the carpenter. "Now, then, look alive, my lads! get about your work," sung out the mate. "We should like to know what's become of Quill first," said the seaman named Craig, one of the men in the port watch, who pretended to be inefficient, and who had listened com- placently when Quill had called him useless. "If you want to know, he is locked up as the ringleader in the mutiny," answered my husband. "Turn to now without another word. I have kept my promise, and libe- rated you on the assurance that this trouble was over. Be as honest to me, men." "Ay, but there's no use saying the trouble's over whilst Isaac Quill's locked up, because it isn't," responded Craig, with as much defiance as was shown before my husband had them under the hatch. "Come, come, enough of this for to-day," said the carpenter, who had gone forward and stood near the galley. "If Quill 'll promise to turn to, I dessay the cap'n 'll let him out." "Quill's one of our best men, and if we're weak with him we'll be no good at all without him," answered Craig. Had my husband been properly supported by his mates their argument would have been impossible, because the three of them would have gone among the men and tumbled them to their work without ado; but the seamen very well knew that their captain stood alone. "Don't you hear what Mr. Short says?" ex- claimed Heron. "If Quill will promise to turn to, the captain's pretty sure to let him out." "He promised to turn to afore the scuttle was opened— he promised with the rest of us; and the first thing the cap'n does is to lock him up?" shouted Ralph Green, an ordinary seaman. "Don't you mean to turn to?" said Richard, "Not without Quill," two or three voices answered together. Here, then, were we as badly off as before; nay, worse off, for before the men's grievance was but a sham one, whereas now it was real — I mean that they felt that Quill's imprison- ment was unjust to him and them, after the promise my husband had made to them to give them their liberty if they agreed to turn to; and that Quill's detention would unques- tionably weaken their working strength by one good hand. My husband must have taken this view of it, for he stood for a little space staring at them, and then walked aft with a look of in- decision mixed up with anger and disappoint- ment in his face. I observed the mate and the carpenter follow him with their eyes, as if they took close note of his hesitancy, and I felt heartily annoyed for that reason that any hint of embarrassment should appear in his manner. The men hung together upon the forecastle talking, whilst now and again a laugh broke from them, but they showed no disposition to go to their work. Every moment I expected to hear the man at the helm call out for some- body to relieve him as the mulatto had done, and for the same reason; but probably his being at the extreme end of the vessel pre- vented him from seeing what was going for- ward, or maybe he had not the colored man's mutinous audacity. Richard came to a stand at the skylight, and I went round to him. "Is not this maddening?" said he. "It's enough to make a man give up. What chance have I with such a crew and such mates? They want to drive me back — but they'll not do it." "Be advised by me, Richard," I exclaimed, "and release Quill." "What! that pirate— that ringleader! he'll go among the others and breed another mutiny right away off!" he cried, with his face very dark. "Yes, but you promised him his liberty if he agreed to go to work, and he did agree. You're bound to keep your promise." "To the others, but not to that dog. If I had not taken him unawares there would have been a fight. I had made up my mind to have him in irons." I continued urging him to release the man. He argued with great warmth, but gradually yielded, and said, "I am willing to keep my promise, but dare not. I must not let those villains enjoy such a triumph. It would de- stroy the little that remains of the miserable command that I have." "I should not mind that," said I. "I would risk the result. Tell the men that you have thought the matter over, and that you will keep your promise and let Quill have his liberty in the faith that they will act honestly and fulfil their duties as seamen. What else is to be done, Richard?" I added im- ploringly. "They are unanimous, and are all against you, as you say, and must master you if you don't shift your ground. And what then is to become of us?" This appeal moved him more than all my other arguments, by making him believe I was concerned for my own safety, which was just what I wished he should suppose, as I knew that I had but little chance of getting at him by any other kind of entreaty. He looked affectionately at me and said, "Ay, Jess, I must never lose sight that I have your safety to answer for— a precious trust, indeed." And without another word he left me and went some distance forward, where he hailed the crew. "Since you tell me," he exclaimed, "that in your opinion my promise to Quill ought to stand as well as my promise to you, I'll let it stand. I'll meet you as you meet me. If you're reasonable I'll be reasonable; if not, you'll find me the devil. This is not my first voyage as master, and whether as mate or as skipper, I've never sailed with a man who would not be glad to join me again as a ship- mate. What this mutiny's about I don't know. I'm no Yankee, no lazy bully, but an English seaman who's been through the mill like yourselves, and would be the first to right you if I thought you wronged. But what I can't see I'll not believe in. The complaint you brought aft is not an honest one, and you know it. Those men who signed articles as able seamen can do able seamen's work if they like; and if they refuse and put their duties on other men's shoulders then I'll serve them as they deserve, punish them for fraud, and give them boys' pay. You know I can do it, and I will. That's all I have to say; and now Mr. Heron," said he, turning to the mate, "you can go aft and release Quill." And he handed him the key. Though I heard every word of this address I was too far off to judge accurately of its effect upon the men, but I thought from the manner in which they received it and the silence they preserved when Richard concluded, that its influence was good. The interval between Heron's disappearance and return was a long one, suspiciously long, for he had nothing to do but open the door of the steward's berth and tell the man to come out and go forward. At last he arrived, and Quill followed with the handcuffs upon his wrists. At the sight of those irons I glanced at Richard, for it seemed a terrible blunder to expose the man with his arms pinioned to the crew who were all eagerly looking. Was this a stroke of the mate's malice? Richard speedily settled my doubts on that head by savagely turning on Heron. "Remove those handcuffs! What do you mean by producing the man pinioned? Didn't I tell you to release him?" "You said nothing about the handcuffs," answered the mate. "Take them off!" shouted Richard, with a violent stamp on deck. The mate obeyed the order, but very osten- tatiously and with many needless flourishes, taking care to pose himself and Quill that all hands might see what he was doing. When he had removed the manacle he flung them down, causing them to ring out, as if he invited the attention of the crew to them, that they might see there was no deception. Richard con- trolled his temper with an effort that left his face crimson. He was in too great a passion to address Quill in a speech; he waved his hand and said, "Get forward now and go about your work," and then told the mate to pick up the irons and carry them below. The mate did so, swinging the irons in his hands as he walked to the companion. Richard waited until he recovered his self- control, and then called Mr. Short to him. "Who has charge of the deck?" "Mr. Heron, sir," answered the carpenter. "Well, as you are on deck, go and turn the crew to at once, and send a hand after to haul that ensign down." The carpenter left as, with a show of bustle, and began to call about him. "Come along to the cabin, Jess, and get some dinner," said Richard. "Unless the cook has mutinied, there should be something ready for us by this time. I don't want the crew to think I'm watching them. It will appear as though I had confidence in them if I leave the deck." So we went below, nor can I say that I was sorry to leave the deck. There was no plea- sure for me in the magnificent expanse of glittering sea, and in the freshness and glory of the steady singing breeze, and the bending blue of the heavens, with the shadow of mutiny lying darkly upon us. I felt as if my nerves had suffered a violent wrench when I reached my berth, and stood brushing my hair preparing to join Richard at the table. Indeed, a mutiny at sea is one of those for- midable incidents which cannot be under- stood even in the most powerful and lifelike descriptions. To gauge it, you must live in it, have your safety concerned by it, watch the faces of the men, hear their talk, observe their defiant postures and the increasing boldness of their manner, and reflect, whilst you note these things, upon the proverbial recklessness of the seaman's character, the unlettered and undisciplined classes from which the maritime ranks are recruited, and the sailor's notorious incapacity of realising when at a distance from land the punishment his captain has the power to procure for him when the ship arrives in port. But I did not want Richard to know that I was 'upset,' to use the word that best ex- presses my state of mind, so pulling myself together, I entered the cabin with a smile, and found him seated at the table waiting for me to join him, before carving the piece of brisket which the steward had placed before him. "Did you hear the men singing out just now?" said he. "The wind has drawn ahead, and they have been trimming sail. Their songs seem to have the old ring. Pray God this trouble is over for good." "The mates are more to blame than the men," said I. "They never gave you any real support. I have the worst possible opinion of Mr. Short, Richard. I am sure he has been talking to the crew and angering them against you." "But are they not a pack of scoundrels, to be led into mutinying without a cause?" he answered. "Yes," said I; "but if they considered that the barque is big enough to deserve another hand or two, and spoke to the carpenter, and the carpenter agreed with them, they would easily be made mutinous by his encouragement, and arrange among them- selves to invent a grievance, by saying that some of them are inefficient." "That's about it," said he; "you've hit the cause, I'm sure. But still they are rascals. And as bad as Short is, I consider Heron ten times worse." "I look upon Short as a grumbling, riotous seaman by nature — a man who loves mis- chief," I replied, "and who will make mischief wherever he is. But Heron, I consider, is actuated by spite and dislike of you, and by anxiety to thwart and imperil your interests. Why, I cannot imagine. But there is no good in speculating upon the principles of a rogue. I hope to goodness you will get rid of them both at Sierra Leone." "Trust me!" he exclaimed, "and perhaps before." "How, before?" "Not by throwing them over board," said he, with a laugh, his natural cheerfulness breaking out. "But I expect before long that Heron will find himself in the plight from which he released Quill just now. If the game he is playing means anything, it must mean this— If the crew compelled me to put back he would go to the owners, represent the fault to be mine; that I had not the power to control a crew; that they laughed at my authority; and make out, in a word, that I was not fit to have command of a vessel. Mud thrown in this way sticks, for you see the return of the ship would cost the owners money; and loss of money always makes the loser willing to hear complaints against the man who had charge of the losing venture. Perhaps the fellow might hope to be appointed in my stead. It is impossible to tell what hopes agitate such a brain as Heron's. You see, he is cautious not to do anything that would enable me to charge him with insubor- dination or with conniving at the intentions of the crew. But my time will come. He is sure to give me the chance I want. And now," said he, smiling, "what do you think of sailors? Is your affectionate esteem for them as high as it was?" "You are talking to a sailor's wife," said I. "Ay," he replied, "to a sailor's wife, who has seen a crew battened down for mutiny and threatened with famine, and her husband slapping a pistol over his heart and menacing the Jack Tars with blood and thunder; and all in the first week of the voyage." "I would no more judge of sailors by the specimens we have on board," said I, "than I would judge of the morals of Newcastle by looking for them in the police court. But, oh, Richard, I hope you will turn all those men away when we get to Sierra Leone. It's as far from that town to the Cape as it is from England to Sierra Leone, and to have to travel all that distance with the mates and Orange and the crew would be more, indeed, Richard, it would be more than I could endure." "Yes," he replied, "you are in my hands; leave me to manage. Neither the mates, nor Orange, nor the crew shall trouble you." And then, to divert my thoughts, he talked of home and of father, and how much I should have to relate. "After all," said he, "you are see- ing ocean life as sailors see it; sounding its perils, and finding out that there are other dangers than those of fire and tempest. And something more you're seeing; and that is, the obligations, the troubles, the difficulties of the poor, unfortunate British shipmaster--- a man who, let people think as they will, is out and away in a more unfriended condition than the 'common sailor,' as Jack is called, whom everybody pities and thinks an ill-used and neglected man. For, if the common sailor goes wrong his pay is stopped, or he is locked up on shore for a short spell, that is if he doesn't cheat the law by deserting; and when his punishment is over he begins again, and is no worse than he was before. But if a skipper goes wrong he is ruined for life; nobody will employ him; he is unfit for shore work, and if he has a wife and children they must all go to the union together. However, for one thing let us be thankful, Jess," said he smiling, "and that is that this mutiny took place on a fine day. Had foul weather come along when the men were under hatches we might be mourning the loss of some excel- lent spars." (To be continued.) 