GAUCHO HOESES. 44 An Arcsntine Naturalist " writes to the Field :—44 For some reasou, the Gancho horse manifests the greatest terror at an Iudian invasion. No doubt his fear is, in part at any rate, an associate feeling, the coming of the Indians being al\va3Ts a time of ex citcmeut and commotion, sweeping like a great wave over the country ; houses are in flames, families flj'ing, cattle being driven at frantic speed to places of greater safety; Be this as it may, long before the marauders reach the settlement (often when they are still a whole daj^'s journey from it), the horses take the alarm and come wildly flying in ; the contagion quickly spreads to the horned cattle, and a general stampede ensues. The Gauchos maintain that the horses''tfneH the Iudiaus. I believe they are right, for when passing a distant Indian camp, from which the wind blew, the horses driven before me have suddenly taken fright and run away, leading me a chase of many miles. The explanation that ostriches, deer, and other fleet animals driven in be fore the invaders might be the cause of the stampede cannot be accented, since the horses are familiar with the sight of these animals flying from their Gaucho hunters. When ridden by night the Indian horse— and sometimes the same habit is found in the Gaucho animal—drops his head lower and lower as the darkness increases, with the danger arising from the presence of innumerable kennels concealed in the grass, uutil his nose sweeps the surface like a foxhounds. That this action is dictated by a powerful instinct of self-preservation is plain ; for, when I have attempted to forcibly drag the animal's head up, he has answered such an experiment by taking the bit in bis teeth, and violently pulling the reins out of my hand. His miraculous sense of smell measures the exact position of every hidden kennel, every treacherous spot, and enables him to pass swiftly and securely over it. On the desert pampa the Gaucho, for a reason that he knows, calls the puma the 1 friend of man.' The Arab gives this designation to his horse ; but in Europe, where we do not associate closely with the horse, the dog naturally takes the foremost place in onr affections. The very highest praise yet given him is probably to be found in Bacon's essay on Atheism. 4 For take an example of a dog,' he sayst c and mark what a gene rosity and courage he will put on when he finds himself maintained by a man, who is to him in place of a God, or melior natura, which courage is manifestly such as that creature, without the confldeuce of a better nature than its own, could never attain Can we not say as much of the horse? The very horses that fly terror-stricken from the smell of an Indiau will, when 4 maintained by a man,' readily charge into a host of 3'elling savages. I once had a horse at home, born and bred on the place, so docile that whenever I required him I could go to him where the horses were at pasture, and, though tbey all gal loped off at my approach, he would calmly wait to be caught. Springing on to his back I would go after the other horses, or gallop home with only my hand on his neck to guide him. I did not often ride him, as i he was slow and lazy, but with timid women 1 and children he was a favorite ; he was also i frequently used for farm work, in or out of I haruess, and I could shoot from his back. In the peach season he would roam about1 the plantation getting the fruit, of which he was very food, by togging at the lower branches of the trees and shaking it down in showers. One intensely dark night I was riding home on this horse. I came through a road with a wire fence on each side, two miles in length, and when I had got nearly to the end of this road my horse suddenly stopped short, uttering a succession of load terrifud snorts. I could see nothing but the intense blackuess of the night before me, and tried to encourage him to go on. Touch ing him on the neck, I found his hair wet ] with the sudden profuse sweat of extreme fear. The whip made no impression on him. He continued to back away, his eyes apparently fixed on some object of horror just before him, while he trembled to such a degree that I was shaken in the saddle. He attempted several times to wheel round and run away, hut I was determined not to I yield to him, and continued the contest. Suddenly, when I was beginning to despair of getting home by that road, he sprang forward, and regularly charged the (to me) invisible object before him, and in another moment, when he had apparently passed it, taking the bit between his teeth he almost flew over the ground, never pausing till he brought me to my own door. When 1 dismounted his terror seemed gone, but he hung his head in a dejected manuer, like a horse that has been under the saddle all day. I have never witnessed another such in' I stance of almost maddening fear. His I terror and apprehension were like what we can imagine a man experiencing at sight of a ghost in some dark solitary "place. Yet he did not forcibly carry me away from it ■ as he might so easily have done ; but, finding I himself maintained by a ' nature superior to his own,' he preferred to face it. I have never met in the dog a more striking ex ample of this noblest kind of brute courage. The incident did not impress me very much at the moment, but when I came to reflect that my sight was mere blindness compared with that of my horse, and that it was not likely his imagination clothed any familiar natural object with fantastic terrors, it cer tainly did impress me very deeply." A Montana woman sued for a divorce I because her husband kisBed the servant girl. " You want this man punished ?" asked the Judge. "I do," said she. "Then," said the Judge, " I shall not divorce you from him." . 