THE BISHOP OF MELBOURNE • AT RUTHERGLEN. CHURCH OF ENGLAND TEA-MEETING. (FROM OUR SPECIAL REPORTER.) The tea and public meeting in connection with thevisit of Dr. and Mrs. Moorhouse was held in the Town-hall on Wednesday, 11th fart. The hall was elaborately and tastefully decorated with flowers, flags, ferns, and innumerable chains of gaily-colored tissue, made and arranged by the Misses Graham, Pearce, "Wingrave, and other ladies, assisted by the Mayor and Messrs. Ready and Wingrave. The tables, of which there were five, were laid ont to perfection* the pot plants lent by Mr. Ready having a beautiful effect. The Bishop's table,' under the presidency of Mrs. Booth, assisted by Mesdames Wingrave and Derrick, was of course the beet furnished; the rest of the tables were attended to by the following ladies :—No. 1, Mesdames Joseph and John Pearce, and the Misses Mary and Bessie Graham ^nd Miss Clarke ; No. 2, Mrs. Wain and the Misses Peretz, Price, Kirkup, and Pearce; No. 3, Mesdames Gill and Phillips and the Misses M'Kenzie and Cousins ; No. 4, Mrs. Houston and the Misses Houston, Wilson, and Brendel. About 800 sat down, and the large hall was found to be almost too small for the occasion. After everyone had done justice to the good things provided, the tables were cleared and the hau made ready for the addresses and musical part of the programme. Directly the doors were opened the place was crowded, and standing-room was hardly obtainable, so anxious were the many to hear the Bishop, and it was considered there could not have been less than 500 persons present. Messrs. George Martin and William Graham, assisted by the committee, were indefatigable in looking after the comforts of the visitors, and a little after 8 o'clock his Lordship, attended by the Revs. Thomas, Hayhow, and Poole, ascended the platform ; the Rev. Mr. Thomas, incumbent of the parish, taking the chair. The proceedings commenced with an overture, consisting of a medley ot Scotch music, played with great spirit by Miss Bessie Graham. Mrs. Greene, a lady guest of the Mayor's, then sang with great power of voice, " Sing me au English Song." The rendering of this song was a great surprise to the lovers of music, and the singer received well-merited applause. The Rev. Mr. HAYHOW (Yarrawonga) then addressed the meeting, and said that the late Anthony Trollope had stated that the colonials were addicted to " blowing," and that annual tea-meetings were held in almost every town three times in the year. He disagreed with the writer; he thought, however, that a great deal of good was effected in church work by means of tea-meetings. He had a few words to say that night on several kinds of " t's," without which church work could not be successful. He spoke first of unity. The church had suffered to a great extent through halfhearted workers. Without unity church work could not be extended as required; with it much good work could beaccomplisbed. Then there was activity. Demosthenes ascribed all his success to action. What was required was physical, mental, and spiritual activity ; the latter was shown by a strict attendance at church—not a blue-moulded once-a-quarter attendance, but a Tegular and constant attendance, and a sympathy with the ministers and teachers—not "sympathy without relief, for that w.as like mustard without beef." Then punctuality and duty. The latter should be the watchword in church work, and matters temporal and spiritual; not onlv duty to yourselves, but to God and man. He advised his hearers to take unity, activity, punctuality, and duty and bind them together with A golden cord, and the result would be piety ; if they continued to work for the .good of the church with these "t's" constantly before them, the prosperity of the church in that district would be assured. Miss Ehret then sang " Half-mast High," and was followed by Mr. Leslie, who sang " The Bugler." The CHAIRMAN then said he bad apologies to make for two clergymen highly honoured in their districts, who could not be present. He referred to the Bev. H. E. Thomson, of Corowa, who had been called away to Melbourne, and the Rev. Mr. White, of Wodonga, who had some matters of more importance to attend. He had also an explanation to make. Most of those present had read that his Lordship was advertised to preach in Chiltern that evening. He might say that his Lordship was possessed of high qualifications, but could not be in two places at once. The mistake had occurred through the Chiltern committee thinking that his Lordship was preaching at Wodonga last night. He hoped those present would pardon the mistake, and he apologised for.the action of the Chiltern committee. As incumbent of the parish he felt proud at presiding at so large a meeting. There were signs of returning energy iu spiritual matters, at which he also felt proud. The district was also incasing in prosperity, and be had beard a gentleman say that they were all getting so rich that they would not know what to do with their money. He had visited the winemakers of the district, and had observed a growing, prosperity, for the future. He could enlighten them as to the best mode of spend- ; ingr some of their surplus money. They had built .& nice church on the hill, and it was their place to see that the fence around it 'did not fall down. They wanted about 4100 to put their church in repair, and he. couldjsuggest, the means by which that amouhtf "might ~ be raised within the next £ twelve months. The Melbourne people had set them an example in fancy fairs. A fancy fair held half-way between Chiltern and Rutherglen, so that both congregations should co-operate, he thought would be agreat success. There was nothing like being first in the fluid, and he hoped the joint congregations would act on hissuggestion. Not only did tbe district shew signs of prosperity in money and church works, but there seemed to be a growing anxiety about spiritual matters. There was a strong opposition in the present day to religion, but this was not altogether a bad sign. There was also great earnestness aB well as opposition. In their own districts of Chiltern, Christmas Town, Brown's Plain, and Rutherglen, the interest in religion was increasing, and he was glad to say that the leading churches were generally well filled. One thing had struck htm since he had returned to the district —the younger people were taking more interest in religious affairs. Tbe young people he had known had grown into men and women ; he hoped if he was permitted to live ten more years among them that he would live to see these young people tike the placc oi tbe veterans in church work, and take their place on ladies' or gentlemen's committees as they advanced to man or womanhood, for the future prosperity of the church. Mrs. Goslett than sang " Meek and Lowly." The Rev. Mr. POOLE, of Wangaratta, said that the piece de resistance of the evening was to be found in their good Bishop, and therefore he would not detain them long.. The moBt conservative persons were constrained at times to be inconsistent to their own principles. They bad spoken against tea-meetings and called them "tea fights " and "muffin struggles," and yet were glad to partake together of "the cup that cheers but not inebriates," at a meeting like the one of that evening. Tbe speaker then pointed out the advantages of tea as against alcohol, and was in favor of doing away with roast beef for lighter edibles. Mr. Hodgson then sang "The Mountebank." The CHAIRMAN then introduced his Lordship the Bishop of Melbourne, who waE received with great applause. The BISHOP said he came forward with a senee of feeling tbat be ought not to be there, as the Rev. Mr. Poole bad said that all such heavy dishes as roast beef should be banished. Again, that gentleman had said that he was the piece de resistance, and if so he was roast beef. (Laughter.) However, he was not of the same opinion as the last speaker, but went in for roast beef, both mentally and physically. He was going to talk about a grave subject that night, and would more especially address the elder portion of the audience. He took the opportunity before he commenced to ask the children in the gallery to behave themselves, as thus far they bad not done so, and their conduct reminded him of an anecdote which he had heard. A celebrated actor was once annoyed by two vulgar people who would persist in talking loudly during the progress of a play. The actor stopped, looked at them, and said :—" I fear, sir and madam, that I am interrupting you in your conversation." His Lordship hoped tbat he would not interrupt the conversation of the youths in the gallery. He intended to speak on one of the most important matters connected with religion ; it was an important and essential subject, and had to be answered sooner or later by Christian or non-Christian. He referred to the resurrection of the Lord Jesus Christ. If a man rejected that, he rejected that which was preached by the Apostles. This was one of the most important of religious questions, and questions of time and eternity came home to men in the present day with vital interest. In the first place he would ask, What evidence was there to sustain the great fact of tbe resurrection ? It had been believed since Christianity came into the world, and if a man denied that spiritual force and denied tbe resurrection, he had to explain that force which had existed in the world for centuries. Mauy had tried to explain this matter away. Strauss, the German naturalist, explained it in this way : Jesus Christ lived and taught so beautifully that no man could regard His teachings without love ; He gathered around him a small band of enthusiastic disciples; He claimed to be the Messiah ; His disciples looked in the Old Testament, saw the character of the Messiah, and they invented little stories about Jeaus which made Him do and say just what the Messiah would do and say these stories formed the miraculous part of the Bible. The speaker said this was the line of argument adopted, and it was untenable, for it assumed that a number of ignorantand uncultivated men invented stories tbat fittedso exactly the real history of the real Jesus that they made a robe woven throughout without a singli seam—they made a diamond of the first water without a flaw. For ignorant men to do this was a greater improbability than the resurrection itself. One was as easy to be believed as the other. Such a theory of the resurrection was an impossibility. Another philosopher had said that Jesus Christ was a sweettempered young gentleman, who at last descended to an act of deception to make people believe He had risen from the grave. That the resurrection of Christ could be built upon a lie was more preposterous than the other. All-human means to account for the miracles in the Bible were failures. Twenty-five yeare after his master's death, Paul declared that Christ had appeared after His crucifixion to 500 of His followers. Sceptics who put the Gospel through the alembic of a fiery criticism have been forced to admit that Paul reached this. It was allowed on all ands that the apostles of Jesus believed they saw Him after death. Let us take the hypothesis that Jesus Christ (lied on the cross—not as a flitting shadow, not as a ghost, not in a darkened room—and that He afterwards appeared to His disciples. Could men who regenerated the world and built a kingdom of truth lie about the matter ? Some men bad tried to account for the resurrection by saying that Jesus Christ was not dead, and might have wandered from the sepulchre and appeared to His disciples. This was soon explained away. Before His crucifixion Christ rainted ; after that He was crucified and hung m the cross, to all appearances He was dead ; blood and water flowed from the wound, in His side. Could a man who was weak and faint move the stone from the mouth of tbe lepulchre ? Where was the Lord Jesus during the forty days in which He appeared to His disciples at intervals 1 Was He in disguise or hiding Himself ? He disappeared, aud at the end of forty days His disciples preached a new kingdom. Some people doubted the resurrection because tbey conceived it to be an isolated fact; and to show that this was not ihe c ise he would briefly refer to circumstances before and alter Christ's death. He would ask fust, What went before 1 The Bible says that is the sting of death. No man would be afraid to die if he thought bo would only moulder to dust. From this it was plain thai sin gave to death its sting. If we believed tbat man could couquer sin, we m«*t also believe he could conquer death as well. Did Jesus Christ coiiquer sin ? In Hol v Writ we read of the life He lived, and we fiud —that Jesus Christ nlone of all mankind had consciousness of sin. He never said " Forgive me my trespasses," but taught us to say " Forgive us our trespasses." He was the only one that ever lived without consciousness of sin. For a person not to be conscious of sin when sin existed, was to exhibit moral obtUBeness. If Christ sinned and bad no sciousness of it, He must have been worse than the good men of the present day. But it wi monstrous to suppose this. It was n loszicul sequence that Christ was absolutely free from sin. If tbey believed tbat Jesus was sinles?, tbey must believe that a sinless life ended with a glorious victory over death. Take th> resurrection with what followed. His disciple had not spirit to bury theirown Lord, l»ut left it to their enemies, and they tonic good to secure the body. The fepulchre wa closed with a great stone, a seal attached, an<i a guard set there to watch. The Apostle evidently believed their Master to be dead, 1 and that He had failed in His promises. Even the good women came down to Jhriet's grav for the purpose of embalming the body, and by that act they proved that thev never expected their Lord to rise again. When Christ appeared to tbe two disciples one said, " But we trusted it would have been He who would have redeemed Israel." These disciples surely thought tbat Christ was dead. When the news came tbat he had risen, they incredulous. Forty days after, the timid and fugitive disciples of Christ came forward, no longer hiding from the Jews, but defying them to their face, and preaching Christ as the Saviour of the world. They were full of life and energy in their preachings, and dared their rulers to put them down. They exerted a mightier influence than any other body of men had ever done. The life breathed by the Apostles had gone on and on through centuries, and had regenerated the world. Where did this life come from ? It was the life of Jesus, which had pas3ed into the life of the world. It was impossible for men who believed their Lord had turned into ashes to have been inspired to such works; if so, the great thinj, they had accomplished and tbe influence they had exerted over the universe WAS the most insoluble enigma ever submitted to man Consideringall the faci s, they must lead us to say the resurrection was not unlikely, but probable Instead of the hindrance to faith it was a help He stood before them that night believing the resurrection of Christ had been affirmed. " He was the resurrection and the life." Going into the world they would fi-d thousands of men whose lives had been sanctified, whose hearts had been changed and ennobled by the life of Jesus. The Saviour was still the resurrection and the life, and man should not d spair. When they bury you, there is still new and eternal life waiting for you. Hus- bands and wives would be comforted and made happy in the thought that their love would not be broken when most tender, for God, who had put the hope of immortality in man's heart, had answered it by sanding His Son to die to secure for us heaven herealter, and then when we had sccured that we could say with Jesus—" Death ! where is thy sting ? Grave! where is thy victory 1" He wonld conclude with the words of the apostle—" Thanks be to God, which giveth us the victory through Jesus Christ our Lord." His .Lordship sat down amidst great applause, the impressiveness of his discourse having riveted the attention of tbe audience for over an hour. Song, " The Rich Man's Bride," Miss Huht; song, " Com in' thro' the Rye," Miss Rue ; recitative and song, "The Death of Nelson," Mr. Leslie. The latter was sung as only Mr. Leslie can sing it, and elicited great applause. Mr. JOSEPH PEABCE moved a vote of thanks to his Lordship the Bishop. He said they had expected great things, and had not been disappointed. The subject of "The Resurrection " was well chosen, and had been elucidated and explained by his Lordship in an able and masterly mauner. The committee also wished to express their gratification at meeting Mrs. Moorhouse with the Bishop. It was a pleasure not anticipated, ani therefore the greater " east: re. Mr. T. REEVE seconded the motion. He felt certain that all present had appreciated his Lordship's address, and had felt the full power of his foic'ble remarks. They wonld like to hear bis Lordship oftener. Tbe BISHOP said he fait much obliged for the kindness shown him. It had been said, If you want to praise a man, praise him through bis wife." It was not often be beard his wife praised in public. They could easily say too much of him, but they could not say too much for his wife. (Great cheering.) No one knew her excellencies so well as himself. A man's work in his position, where study was required, would be one of isolation, and the work would be imperfec'Iy done, without a good wife. (Applause.) Mr. LE GOULD proposed a vote of thanks to tbe ladies and gentlemen who had entertained them that evening. Mr.R. BURROWES seconded the motion. Mr. MARTTN proposed a vote or tbanks to the decoration committee, and the proceedings terminated wi'h the National Anthem. 