Shc hý -1Y xalint h £4I MY MARtY tUnaiWEtwi . The incident which I am about to relate is one of the many ovldence iof the oft.re. peanted iulyilig, that' truth is tmrangr than fiction. I now write, conseoiwL of but one reauso. 'Tis the townety:nintl of Miarch, the anniversary of anll. eermnemorable night; likb Coleridgo's !'Ancient MIarincr," my heart Is filled with a woull agony, and I am constrainal to repent the title. tears ago, I was invited to spelidI the month of March with a falnily with whom I was on the most intimate terms. This family consisted of three perconso; Mr. and Mrs. Linden, and their daughter Marie; a lovely girl of nineteen. Marie was to, he marrial on the twenty ninth of thue month; and it was the dioire of mother and daughterI that I shcild spend as mucih time with them Ia I could, previous to the event. It has ?een so often noarrted that there can he no, real love between women, that the saying lias come to be ne 'cOlitl no truth. ' I havelin Ileart to-uight to make any attempt at refuting this abl?ll error; but thal it is nit error, my love for Marie Linden would lie convincing proof to hty own heart,' though I hadI never loved another woman. A ipllplar writer IaNs snad that, "to have a face thalt can look beautiful for those who love it, on whodm it looks With lo.e, is enough for onlinary womenl." Such; a fahe had Marie Linden ; yet, dearly as I ioved her, I doubt if I can convey any. clear impnllnr on of it to the reader. Itazul cyes, nubarn hair, and a brighlt coIplexion, tell nothing- it was not. In forin or colonr thatt hile beauty lay P'erlhaps it was because thile face as o sweet and true, or perhalpo it was in thleeyos, which were serene to the very deptih--an inwIard serenity, which 'oade it Ilnlinesible to associ ate nnything akil to surmle with their pIusesor--I know not--nd lllnt proceed with my story. I should here show that the scene of this narnative a isn the Unlitol Stt ; but I need not nlention the exact spot.p 'Suflice it to say that Mr. Linden's house was situated on a crest of rising grounild, alot an mile distant fromn ni old seucart toicn. It comililnidded a vI?rlety of scenery, which must have satistied the most diffileult taste. The h?use faced the north, fmronting the ?ay, whlell swept into the ope 'sea. lietween the.bay and the hoase,'a broal expanse of level ground ex tendel for miles alonig the coast. On the southern side were richly-woaild slope, with stretches of inleldow between, where, in the season, the ripened grapi waved like a billowy sea., The cast side comnllldedl a view of the ,old town ; here, distance lent its usual en. chantmtent to the picture. Midway between the town and Mr. Linden's house stoel the ohl, gray church, which .\Mr. Lindei , with his wife and dnlughter, always attenlnl, and where two or three gneratlions of Mts. Lin. deu's fanmlly were Imricl. 'Two whlite columns which nmarke tile gnutve of )lis. indlen's parents 'nid eione dlaughter, who haid diiod young, cere, were, i clearct day, distinctly vsiihle fNoi the hllouse. 'Tlhe i mothl passed rapidly, as the iaonth, always dtl when peopl e iote ciccrhiol. Marie waie to mIeirry thle ancn oif hir own chii llslng, alei ni ilum that her .- iretS would have iho,-ei for her, could their ehidce hiaive eoc. inulnie - tihe worltl. The love if Marie Lindlen and George Percival wail a flat con tmtlictton to the old sayiing, "thait ithe Lourse of trite lovil never runls siiotcllch.'" LIIlinug o two yearn' engngenilellt, no sihadow hil over dlirkenedl their loarcile -it llhad been ci clear sky, a bright sulilcsiine. frIlntlfirst to hisi. ;'the twenityininth arrivedl, iand thie fit part of tle plrogramlne, whicli hlad iling been a'rrollgul, Ias ctirried out. The cereony took pince at four o'clock in tile iifterincol, only a few illtimaute friendlls Iheiig present ; but there was to hie a rildail iparty in the evening, and on the following iIday the bride and groomli were to stIart on their brhliltl tour. Nine o'clock soon canec, whlieni the roomsli filled witli the blerilt lucitil uristcrac'c of bothll tiol naid coulntr . ?Never 'wics there It nmore beauntiful bridu thlnu.lariee PIercival. Never won.t there a nlhappier brilegncani lhu her uiiisland,. Never wis tliere ai giayercipnlanuy than was a?c emioblelC tIhaii iiLlt iiht undr Mr. IiCllei's roof. .; Yet nost of the glluets have irobably reitainil only lsuchl nrollecticolu of thie evening a? eli nuinsiauily pIleanlllit plarty might leavo uilal the Icllll. ) tIu, for ie itl ill brandedl ' oin imy memoryn - with ii strenlgtli 'wlichl' yeIts ic h ave d nol power to dila .Tho alnlnosalsulnnler warmth of the night, the blue sky wiilthout ua icloud, 'tlhu'ttars, .all tile' full uioni, whllih 11 lit the old gray church, land thle tuici While columns. Wilhil, there we ile ithubewillering light, the plerfmiil of the flowets, the nilnie of the waltz, and tlie lpilll whirl of the waltzecn s thlley tllcatl ipast the lii'pel win Ilow, where I stoodl azing alttentively upon the' two 'pictures- oune withllluit, asid ione wllhl n., ' . ' I atwas there that Mairln joined she, chiding irc, in her pirety, girlish 'wcay, fori' not joining in the wavnltz. I -tlll hor, that I hald bcen better, enitrtalidclt the, llitlting the lanc curtipin further. bhck, I drew hir close to the window,' nllu we taul tliereC, hiiind acoldal in Ihald, fo't la.t.leas t lihe niiutii I }ise gnchig cut; icncci the Ieunitillftil night, talkillg:ofl teorgo,'unid of her exliectil trlP, witlh bueiilPlnies' ci lotilng iwolt for iiyeulf I gazliig tinj li icP, tlllkllie ,hiw ewell lcer hrhicl cice ,ll.olp hcr, ier Wihetil. i sicw the colour. alowly rli'dig ol0t frotl hIer sweet faco. ' . I 'ithoughlt it wce tice muamlight, plmul was goligt to ilrw thle cUiitiP, tvlin she itopicllt me, Poilthig to tIic iliOlpuilelictO in tihe olinreiy?ni, whichl wc'roe is vihliu ns at micldnly, shllce slulcl, il juoiy uniuiy a reu theoroel :' "i Twoi clear," I nswrcerol, I,?'?.u know there never were moreu " " I nllntthreeo,' shioch cl. . . Itirn.l my oei Iponi tile mcnlllnlenls, sthnal, ixs~,lhlt to su n i thinl I hutiu to Inu there wcree itly two, Yutt Il felt the hnlld which wca, eallul in inilluir iio culddnlil rillc, whllIle her filce hIdl Iucnc ill liku tihe iclIcriic wihichclelICier eycE?c wCrou , itiCitly lxil. I itroi n o rldaw liher Iclini t inc ilcdolw -it wcci imcnlcaill o.. | I.cicrclatell hler in ppeak ic lcla-to ieek' lit nla-lt ciji nf cli nci 'lcll acalilghlyialuctlciii l iidci wcould call Mri lerleivcic, \-- - . . ... - -: %. , - .. . . S 1No, no I not hihn,"' sle senwered, while ai pireeptible . shuhider rnl th;otugh her fnlec: a . hut his name haul roused her from her st range lethargy, or trance, or whatever it nltziht lhavwe been " " . . ". I was reading the words," she said. SWhat words, Marie?" I askel. " You know the words on the monuments I and if you did not you could not read them at such a distance." She replied, "I am speaking of the third one t it is taller han the other two, and the words are no distinct :-' Sacred to the Memory of Marie Percival, who died F'ehruary 5th, 1857. aged niooleen years and elevep months.'" "Ilush, Marie I" I said i " I cannot hear you talk so t" and, happily for le, Mr. P'ercival, who was looking for his bride, discovered her at this mloment. A few rapid steps brought him to her sidq. "Why, lanrie," be said "you are an pole as one of Hlorace Walpole's ghosts. hullh ! it is thi ghastly mowmnight." tie drew the curtains together, anld I saw the tolour cowse leiuk tohhr. faco as he bore heraway:" Ilut I kneIrv it had gone from mine. I knew 'there' was an unearthly pallor on my own face, aes I sat there with my back to 'tile moonlight. And still the musicians played on-it was Weber's waltz, and it seeimed ansif the waltzers would never tire ; ny braln reeled, and circled, and quivered, and still they played on, and still the waltsers waltzed-then Madre and her husband loated bhy, the 'merriest among them all.' SAm I the victim of a dream ?" I said. Did Marie Percival stand by my side a moment ago, reading tlloeinscription upom her ownl tomb ? Wow that true ? or is this true ?-for at that 'moment it did not seem to lme that hathlls could be true. Just as I was losihg the power to solve that or any other question the walls esded and supper followed. Shortly after the party broke up, and Marie kissed' ne good night without mlaking any allusion to the singular episode which hall made such a paliiful ilppresslon on sity mind. :':' Marie ktsred me."good night," I mid, but it mwas in reality ' good bye," for ad they were to leave by five o'clock the neat llnor(ng, I did not. expect to see her . again nutll iher return, This would be iu about four weeks, aod Ilhall prollmised to remalin with her parents that time. But fate d cided otherwise.. A few lines from an olnly brother' isformed, meithat he had just resolved to carry out a lontg-cherished wish -which witas to go with his wife to Europe. It was their desire that I should accullpany them. As we were to, start In less than a week I was obliged to hurry home. I left a few lines for Marie, stating that I would write to iher as soon as possible, and let her. know where to address a letter to me. . It is not my purpose to sipeak of my life in Europe--whero we went, or what we saw -only tills I lily brother coultl sovel under. stand somy dislike to vialting the tombs of the dead. ' " I do not like rulmmaging in graveyards,", I would say to him ; so, too, will all lmoon. light nights, so beautifal to him, but which were, and always will be, a ghastly horror II Ille. I wrole frequently .to. MParie and lier mhier ; but nit) hrother had lno ltetd plans oand on we were eltintao tly On lIer imtoe, I was io llpossblu for ie, to reti;ise sy rue plies. We retainted trmutd unltl the folliwing April-a little more thiul a yeuar. The day after inir arrival hoinlj, 'lInhlld for ilr. Linliden '. -1 caotltll ite tlyt tell wihat lily fteelings were tsa tile trainll eartd the old townl. Certudully I w:0s het as as all as I wottld hasv been withimut that Idisturblig visloni. Iint if ally Ione thul askAl me if I belitterli in the possibillty. of its truth, I shulid have untwered,; " Not" It wats fltlr o'click whton I arrived at the etil fl' sly jolurney. A feew Ilthitules' walk brunght meu to thte hols?u. I ntllg tile bell, ?which was 'anliveral by all old wo'ul ill I t hotn I had frtilelently eren" during lit) previolus visits.. . "Come iOll,I" she sol ?i Mr. 11and Mrs.r Linden tre' ili Eurulopi you did not know it, pierhaps.lto" I 'knol'w nothing,".. I r"plesl, quickly I " l halve Jllte ruturned frutl lEurpe my. self. . ... I ctllti Int ask nhout Mdsrie l iiit I trose and went it teli 'wlnduw, tbh'e tl th:it ol.kind out uplon tlle. .tireliyard, alnlt 1i law-yes, reader, I, sw e thi ilrd innutleint int tilt itltutes I stoodbbefi're if.??With it brtil tiuly plunlyzed ti aidiliit f srpirisr, trI of iiany oilither feligti, I ree,' ttntredl thliu lelloelry' of Mi.rlre 'ercival, who dt lla tellrllary 51h, 18521, aged tliltettl t .:years altl lelleen l itloitti." . I dunl't knlow how long 1 wait before I wlts aroused by the old wonllltm from the siLr' of , upor ito which I hiti fadtllete ?eutileg a aried t "ilbIlyo lltal ilty, tile iad conte blut it titin te, Kriomn her t learnted all I shall over kthiw 1 will tll it i os few wiord as possiible, (.n that day lMarle, with leir hIluslndll, anid two or three olther yOnllg fritlldsl,' hilt gone out on the hiy, as was their fretqiueit eiiltl whent the' eeother w"ea fince, ` i gat I ered, fintt hitli the etllltiull sautl, lt tile thday hadl been unsinltally calti, Iut that a soelllell sltuatll had iihrowithe boat' tslnuit a ltiw r e of aslhiy, weeilcoverel roeks, whltllh rin oult into thel water. t iid nuiit upoet the Inst hilut Mrs. Pert'hia was thrllwi. outL. 'rlol aecldeltt happened on the seaward olhle of lthe fl'kts anid tholugh .\ir, Pereintl was a egold lswiltlmer' and though ie reiailned li ih l e wiler tutotil het ill dronged out hby one of the plirty--yet hirs, Petulval weq notl I flul liit lltll 0sn hours utfterwatrd, I Ihavu illy tu odd that Mr .lnlenn, who .vwl ahl EInlitshmuns, took his wife to Illlrllloe, hllltping ILhiat I hanle l olo o e oe shle nllght roe!orer from the shCuik. !lUt hlo Itiel Sir, lhlileitn lts ilever returtied to thl .eetiltry. O tIorero PI'erival I know nithliltn, Whliotimr hte martcient wgaiti, or whitlihttr he is still il lithtt lltU flit' lil olt brlde, 1 cnlilntt a. thliut, ieidert l hyte th eyll a trite Siti'y - Ihe hlelu iluni ntul t iLa'v toI youi-. 1o1,' lJhtl, 