THE NOVELIST, THICKER THAN WATER. BY JAMES PAYN, Author of" By Proxy," " High Spirits," Aa. CHAPTER VII. i fool's paradise. Even in the seclusion of her own apartment the widow did not tear open lier Edgar's lettei and greedily devour it with her eyes; nor as a matter of fact perhaps is that course of action the usual one in such cases except upon the stage, where one has to consider the i conditions of distance—the gallery. In real life such treatment is only applied to tele grams. When a woman especially has a billtt-dovx in her hand, or what she hopes will prove one, she is in no hurry, however impatient may be her natural disposition, to become possessed of its contents; and this is more particularly the case when she has good reaeou to believe them .to be agreeable. That the cheque had not come back Mrs. Beckett had assured herself by the ordeal of touch. Her delicate fingers had weighed the missive, and decided that it was too light to contain an enclosure. If her Edgar had kept the cheque she felt that he was secured to her, or, as brutal man would have expressed it, "sold;'' for, though she had urged his acceptance of it in any case, she knew that there was in reality no alternative for him. As she gazed on his handwriting her thoughts reverted to the day, uow_ thirty years ago, when her father had placed a similar letter in her hand, with the quiet remark "This is from Sir Robert, my dar ling ; you will do as you please about it." How different were her present feelings! It seemed to her as she compared her "now" and "then" that she could scarcely be the same woman. Her second offer had been made by word of mouth, and how diffe rently again had that proposal been re ceived ! With what rapture had she heard of it! With what promise it had seemed to blossom, and how, alas ! that blossom had withered ere it ever grew to bud ! She could not conceal from herself that there was no such blossom now; yet if there was less to win—and there was less, much Ices—she on her part had less to lose. i " My dear Mrs. Beckett—Your kind letter has affected me beyond measure. I feel I am not worthy of your love, but I hope to become worthy of it. I am compelled to spend to-morrow at Brighton, but I shall be with you at 3 o'clock on Monday, wkenlshall tiust to find you alone. " Ever yours affectionately, "Epoab. Dorkay." N.B.—Cheque received." If the letter was not all that the widow could wish, it was without doubt an accep tance of her proposal; if it did not fulfil her expectations, it removed from her all appre hensions of disappointment; nay, it realized her hopes; but she didn't like his putting off his visit till Monday. Why should he not have come on Sunday? Even supposing he had a previous engagement for that day, why should he not have cancelled it ? Was he not engaged to her > The notion of Mr. Edgar Doruay's having any conscientious scruples concerning Sunday did not. I regret to say, enter into her mind. What, however, she resented a meat deal more was Edgar's postscript. " Cheque received," which seerred abnost to have a double signification for her. Her first act, indeed, was to produce a pair of golden scissors—one of a set of implements fitted into a sea-shell, such as Aphrodite might have used at a marine Dorcas Society—and cut that neatly out. 'J he note looked a little shorter, but much sweeter-witbout that little addition. Mrs. Beckett had not only overlived her illusions, but had, what very few women possess, a due sense of proportion. She acknowledged to herself that concerning the matter between herself and "another —so her dividends expressed it—she had got de cidedly the best of it. If Mr. Charles Kotberan — whom, to do her justice, she would have no more thought of as a husband tlian of marrying her grandson—hail been in the place of Mr. Edgar Dornay, she would have taken a different view of the affair; the obligation would in that case have seemed to lie on the other side. His circumstances were such that, to use «i homely but very significant expression, he might "well have "jumped at" such an offer. But Edgar Dornay was well born, in possession of moderate means, and had made for him self a certain position in the world. She was not only very pleased that he liad accepted lier proposal, but grateful. It wa- impossible for him, of course, to speak of terms; hut she at once re solved that they should be made as much to liis liking as possible. Herfirst idea —the idea of a woman in love, but one which fitted also with the natural generosity of her disposition,—was to make him independent of her. And it was not enough for her to tell him her intentions; she wished to be able to assure him that they were already in process of being carried out. This was a notion that would never of course have entered into the head of a young girl; hut in her case it had a certain pathos in it—it was a tacit confession that she knew she was not loved for herself alone. If the other reason for which he loved her should be strengthened, would he not then love her more? There was at least nothing sordid in such an act ot voluntary munificence. She (lashed off three lines to her man of business, Mr. llennie, to request his attend ance on her after breakfast on Monday morn ing. "Come to breakfast if you can," she added impulsively, "though I am afraid our hour (9.30) will be a little late for you." Then she went down to dinner in the highest spirits. There are some unpliilosophic persons who do not much believe iu the chastening in fluence of adversity; who confess that they are never so unsympathetic as when they are in low spirits, and that melancholy and moiOEenes8 are with them synonymous terms. We admire their candour, but pity the little ness of their mind6. Still it must be ac knowledged that when folks are in good luck tbey are more agreeable as companions than when they are depressed ; kindly natures expand under the influence of good fortune, and are very willing that their fellow creatures should share, or at all events re ceive, the overplus of it. Mrs. Beckett had been always kind to her young companion, hut never bad she borne herself so warmly tow ards her as on the_ present occasion; in the familiarity of their conversation when Ihey had gone up to the drawiDg-room she even ventured once more to hint at the sub ject of Mary's settling in life, though without any direct reference to the husband she had chosen for her. "You are very young still, my dear, it ib quite true; but age is relative; to a girl of fori line it is of small consequence, but to one with small means, every year after she be comes marriageable is twelve months lost." "X have never beard the value of time pointed out with such particularity," said Mary smiling. "My dear, I am quite serious ; it is th fact," returned the widow earnestly, " and I need not tell you, Mary, that whomsoever you may choose for a husband—though you Know my especial wishes in that matter—I shall take care that you do not go to hint without a dowry." "You are very good and vet j kind," said Mary, with a faint Hush; she was used to hints of the widow's intentions towards her which had at first made her very uncom fortable there was something in her nature which revolted against them, though she had found from experience that it was better to pass them lightly by. " But unless, my dear Mrs. Beckett, your generosity jiartakesof the nature of what Mr. Bennie was trying to ex plain to us the other day, a time bargain, or that you want to get rid of me as soon as possible—" "Kay, nay," interrupted the widow, "you know 1 don't mean that." She was con scious, however,—under the new conditions of her life that was to be—of having contem plated Mary's departure as a possibility. Ko idea of jealousy had crossed her miud, but it had occurred to her that when she became Mrs. Dornay, not only would Mary's office become a sinecure, hut that there would be soniethiug cmbairassing in her presence. In the case ot turtle doves, however roomy their nest may be, the happy pair, or the female at all events, prefers it to be free from lodgers, " My house will always be your home, Mary,. hut circumstances may alter as regards myself—1 may not he in a positiou—nobody knows what may happen." The widow was in a quagmire, in which her struggles to escape only sank her the deeper; she felt she had gone too far in hint ing at any alteration iu her mode of life, and she did not know how to erase the impres sion her words might have conveyed. Mary, however, was quite innocent of all suspicion. She thought Mrs. Beckett was referring to the uncertainties of human life. " It will be long indeed, 1 hope, and have every reason to believe," she answered earnestly, " before I have to come to any re solution on that account." the widow bit her lip and was silent. It • was possible, had Mary given iter any en couragement, that she might have made a confidante of her then and there; but under present circumstances that was out of the question. It was certainly very unpleasant that the idea of change iu her condition had only associated itself in Mary's mind with, her decease, iihe would take care to let Mr. Kennie understand that she had seut for him with quite other views than to give hiin her testamentary instructions. " 1 know you hate to perform in public, Mary," she said with some abruptness (it was the one thing in Mrs. Beckett's manner which now and then betrayed the relative positions occupied by Miss Marvon and herself), " but since we are quite aloue, perhaps you will play something on the piano." It waB an elastic request, and Mary took full advantage of it, for music was her delight. She played piece alter piece, now grave, now gay, and at the end of each the widow mur mured, " That is indeed a treat," or "thank you," or " how charmiDg !" But what was plajcd was in fact only the accompaniment,, more or less suitable, to her own thoughts. When Mary's fingers evoked pathos, Mrs. Beckett's mind reverted to her girlhood, so long past and gone ; to the simple pleasures of her youth, and to its dreams; which, though great things had befallen her, had been far indeed from being realized. When the strain grew sombre her middle life passed once more before her, haunted by the ghost - of love, and shadowed by a hated presence. When the tune was bright and joyous she painted her future in bright colours; and; likened the remainder of her davs to- an. Indian summer. Bat as to whether Beet hoven was being played, or Mozart, en' Chopin, the widow neither knew nor cared, so long as the notes were not so loud as to interfere with her own reflections. And so it is with a good many other people who affect; to "doatonmusic. 