NORTLH M()UNT CAMERON. (FROM OUR HPECIAL, COu~lRaEPONDNT.) The drought still continuesn; in many parts water fit to drink is not obtainable. Deep Creek, which is one of the largest in the die. trict, and consequently flows longer than many other less pretentious streams, is, at the time of writing, waterless. Rain has threatened on a few ocoasions, raising the hopes of those whoso claims are thirsting for it, as it were in sport to dash them to earth again. The weather-wise predict an unusually protracted drought. The North Miount Cameron T. Al. Co.'s claims have been waiting a month for rain, alil being in readiness since then to comnmence luicing operations, this Company being one of the most recent ventores in thls district. I observe that an occasional correspondent in a recent issue of the Examiner speaks of the Esk T. it. Co.'s claims as holding the "premier" position. I devoutly hope it will prove worthy of tile distinction, that the good 'prospects on the old Eureka ground will be continuous and thereby prove an exception to the rule of "patchinces" in this district. It is possible, however, that your " occasional " refers to the great expendituro of clpital in opening up the claim, for none will doubt that it has put more money into circulation than any other claim in the district. We are told by poets and sages that alil real enjoyment consists in anticipation, illustrated by 3yron in the boy chasingi the butterfly on the plains of Oashmere-when captured all its beauty Iath flown. So, there fore, itis only philosophical for us to derive our comfort and pleasure in anticipating dividends which are in futurity. There are a good nmany mining companies whose directors take thin view and whose efforts consequently are directed towards putting off as far as possible tile con summation of invested cash, via., dividends. Take the Ben Lomond tin mine for instance, a property the great value of which none can speak with any uncertain sound. Seeo the money that has been expended (some say frittorrod away), and remember tile sums that will yet be absorbed before an ounce of tin will got to market. The calla of the past and the calls of tine future, like the ghosts in " Richard the Third," "another I and yet another !" pass in grim review ; vide the recent action of the directors. As you may readily suppose tile unutterably appalling atrocities of the Eipping Forest mur derers form the leading topic of conversation among the miners, and there are few who do not think hanging by the neck till they are dead, dead, dead, far too merciful a punishment for such fiends. The tortures of the middle ages the raek, hot pincers, slowly roasting alive, etc., might well supersede tie too instantaneous onlices of the hangman. Poor Alf. Holman; many and many a time has he driven me in the old coaching days from Hobart to Launoeston, while his stories of the road are still fresh in my memory as I sat listening to them on the box-seat throngh many a freezing winter night. Vith the old colonel let us cry Aisaum. April 17. 