FRIENDSHIP TESTED. ' Weighed in tbe balance, Ada, weighed and found wanting. I dare not entrust my happiness to a man who drinks even though he be, in all elae, my ideal of manly nobility. This one evil habit fixes between us a constantly widening gulf. After *H, Ada, I never really loved him.' Thus ran tbe fragment of a note which Harold Lawrence crashed in his hand as though it bad been bis death warrant Luia 13 we cuu, Mva. as sureiy as l crash that cruel note in my hand, so sorely do I crash in my heart tbe love which I bore for Mabel Stacey,' he said hoarsely. ' Do not be so hasty about it, Harry old fellow I There mast be some mistake about this.' ' No, there am be none. I tried to think there was, bnt it is all too plain. Miss Stacey has been making a special study of my character, and this is the result of her critical examination,' be said bitterly. ' I mnst admit, Harry, that the study has been a close one. Why, we have all thought yoa as good as engaged, and I have been so loyal to yoa that I haven't tried to get np even a ghost of a flirtation with yoar fair MabeL ' 'Don't lay my Mabel!' interopted Law rence fiercely. ' She is nothing to me nothing whatever.' ?? Your face belies your words my boy ; the love of nature like yours most die a natural death. You can't strangle it Foreive my plainness,'1 he added as Lawrence tamed hanghtily away : 'yoa know 17m a privileged character.' The friendship of Harold Lawrence and Edward Farley has always been character ized by kindly frankness, especially on the part of the latter, and it was not strange that he should thus speak bis mind. ** But I say, Harry,' be continued, ' what does she mean by * that one evil habit ?' ' No, Ned, I hare no taste for liquor, even if were against my principal to use it, and wine. The other day Miss Stacey took me to task for drinking wine with her uncle, and I half jokingly defended myself and the habit, bnt she must have known I was not in earnest, and wonld willingly become a total abstainer. ' ' Bat you will explain, or allow me to * A little rninnnflpp'fanding like this ought not to drive yon away, for I honestly believe, Harold that Mabel Stacey loves yon.' ' A love which is coldly watching for flaws is not the love I require ; besides she con fidentially informs this shallow-brained MiB8 Ada that she never really loved me. Oh, what a enrsed fool I have been ! L who pride myself upon my knowledge of human nature, to be blindly led by a heartless coquette. And I have thought her so pare, and true, and womanly.' Dr. Farley's blue eye eyes flashed, and he was about to speak bnt checking himself, walked away. When he returned to the rustic bench where his friend sat, there were no fraces of anger in his face, bat bis voice was husky as he said, ' Its hard lines Law rence, harder for yon than it would be for a fellow like me, bat I sympathize with yon. I can't think though that Mabel meant to trifle with yon. Yoa do not know her, that is alL' Lawrence Bhook his head, bnt did not speak. For some moments they sat m silence. At length, as by a Budden effort, Harold rose and stretching ont his hand, exclaimed, 'Well, old fellow, good-bye! I have stayed in this enchanted spot too long already. To-day I sail for Liverpool.' ' Don't give up in this style, Harry. It will torn oat all right if yon only will stay.' ' Its of no use, Ned don't urge me. Good bye ! I want to be alone.' 'If you most go,' said Ned, 'good-bye,' and with hands clasped more expressive than words the two friends parted. The friendship of these two men could be explained only by the law of opposites. Edward Farley was a rising young doctor who bad been a former college friend of Lawrence's. His frank genial manner and his sympathetic adaptability made him a general favorite. Harold Lawrence was an artist, very talented and sure to be saceseful in his chosen profession. He was a man whom all respected, whom many admired and whom few loved. Cold and reticent to the world in general, few understood the warmth of his heart or tbe intense possibilities of his nature. To Ned Farley he had opened his heart, feel ing here was one whom he conld folly trust One other had won the confidence of Law rence. This was Mabel Stacey. When first he met her he felt that at hist he bad found his ideal of womanly perfection. Close aqaaintapce confirmed this impression, and as the acquaintance ripened into friendship, and the friendship into love, even a careless observer most have noted how well Buited they were to each other. So different, and yet each the complement of the other in character. For weeks Harold Lawrence lingered at Lakeside, charmed by the spell of Mabel's presence. At last, confident that his great love was retained, he was about to speak, in words, the truth she so well knew, when be acddently came across this note which occa sioned the foregoing conversation. To a man of the world, who had indulged in a dozen flirtations this would have seemed but a little thing. To each a man as Harold Lawrence it was a terrible blow. Never before had his proud soul bowed at the shrine of love. Bestowing anght, he most bestow all ; and suspicion that the fair young girl had trifled with the highest and holiest passion of bis heart was agony to him. But ahe should never know of his humiliation. Only Ned knew his secret and he was too loyal to disclose it. He wonld retire within himself once more, and live the life of proud, nnbelieving desolation. He would crash oat the last spark of Jove, even if by so doing, he crushed his own heart Henceforth art and art alone should claim him. After tbe departure of Lawrence, Dr. Far ley batted with confining emotions. He, too, loved Mabel Stacey. In childhood they had been playmates, and now, after a separa tion of ten years, they were again residing in the same town, and their former intimacy was renewed. Mabel Stacey's strong womanly nature delighted in the companionship of cultivated intelligent minds, and it was not strange that she and Dr. Farley had become firm friends. She did not dream of flirting with him. Tbat was far beneath her. She only knew that she enjoyed bis company, and beinir singularly free from self-consciousness, the idea of falling in love with him never entered her mind. Nor was Farley aware of that possibility until Harold Lawrence came to spend the summer months with him. Gis qnick perception soon understood that his friend was captivated and oaly too evident was the troth that Mabel's heart had, at last, found its king. Then Dr. Farley read his own heart ; but, always wholly unselfish ; be could not mar the happiness of his friend by one hint of the trnLfa. Bnt now. what was bis duty ? He bad done his heat to poraoade Lawrence to stay, and had failed. 'If that note was true and she does not love Harry, why should I try to recall him ? Why may I not win the treasure that be has given up ?' Thus his heart pleaded, but loyal friendship said nay. Finally, with white, determined face. Dr. . Farley rose and went into tbe boose. ' It_^V will ruin Harry's whole life,' he said to him self. ' I most do what I can for him. I will find ont if she loves him. If she does not then ; I can do nothing for him. Bat if she does— well, I will find ont to night' That evening he called on MabeL She was sitting at the open window, and as he approached he paused a moment in the shadow of the maples to gaze at the lovely picture. He had always admired Mabel, bat never had she seemed so beautiful as to-night* Her toilet was the perfection of simple white, and the fiimy laces at her throat and wrists seemed almost a part of the moon light which crowned her radiant beauty. As he advanced, she rose to greet him. A. slight shadow crosed her face, but it might have been the nickering changes of the moon light, for as she bade him welcome there was nothing to indicate tbat he was not an ex pected guest ' Ah, Doctor Ned,' she said gaily, ' your patients mast be increasing of bite. They monopilize yoa entirely. I protest !' ' I have been busy, Mabel, but yoa ought not to miss my calls, when I send such an excel Ian t substitute.' ' How remarkably free from self-esteemed yoa would have me think you to be,' said Mabel, laughingly. 'Just as though yoa really thought that a stranger, a mere passing, acquaintance could compensate for the loss of an old friend. By the way how long does Mr. ' He left this morning. He intends to spend a year or more in Europe. I shall miss him sadly. Harry is a grand, good fellow,, though but few appreciate him as you and I do.' He was watching her closely, but after the first start of BorpriBe, could 'He left rather suddenly, did he not?' she remarked carelessly. 'Bather. I did not know until this morning that he was going. I supposed, however, that he informed yon of his sadden freak last evening.' ' Not a word. Oh, well, it is not very strange after alL only one naturally would expect a farewell call. Now if you were going away yau would rash frantically about town vainly attempting to honour each friend with the last call ; bnt that dark-browed friend of utterly incomprehensivele.' *' 0 Mabel', he is one of the best fellow* alive.' ' Repetition, sir ! repetition !' she inter rupted, saocily, *' I've heard that dozens of times. Come, yoar tenor is sorely rusting for want of use. Let as practice this duet' *' As you will. Queen Mab,' and Boon they were at the piano, their voices blending in As Dr. Farley walked home tbat night it was with a lighter heart than he had known for weeks. 'She does not lore him,' he murmured excitingly. Then with a sudden pang of remorse he wondered how he could rejoice over the very fact which had caused. 'Bat she does not care for him, and she* never will,' he said. 'I am free to woo and win her, my Mabel, my beautiful The weeks flitted by, and October came, with its rich, golden days. It was on one - of these afternoon's that Dr. Farley found courage to tell bis story. Theeloqnenee of love pleaded for him as he told her bow long he had loved her in silence, of his joy when he learned '.that her heart was not another's ; of all the bright hopes he had cherished in tbe golden weeks that had just , passed. He pictured his life as it wonld be if inspired by her presence, by her love. In brief, he plead his case with all the power of love. Mable listened aa one spell bound, bnt a terrible struggle was going on within her' breast A great temptation, tbe greatest she had ever known, now faced her and would not be conquered. She yielded tn the forces which impelled her and, aa her lover waited for an answer, she bad decided to speak the words which would seal her fate forever. She would give her band with oat her heart. Clear and distinct came her answer : '* Dr. Parley, you do me great honour. I thank you for yoar offer, and will become your wife.' How cold and formal sounded those stiff sentences, after the impassioned appeal to which she had listened. Bat her lover did not think of this ; he only knew that the woman of his choice had promised to be his wife. At Christmas time Dr. Farley was to claim his bride, for this was his wish and Mabel had passively assented. ' I am anxious to take you from the lonely life which yoa mast lead here in this old mansion,' he said to her one day. 'Not lonely while I have nncle and dear auntie to pet and scold me ; besides, yoa forgot the literary work which occupies most of my time.' ' Forgot what I never knew ? Bow could yoa keep that from me so long ?' exclaimed Ned, reproachfully. m- '* I seldom apeak of my * aspirations ' to any^ one, and my tiny wreath of laurels is of such recent growth, and so liable to wither, that I hardly feel justified even now in showing yoa this, ' and she took from her desk the first chapters of a serial and passed them over for his inspection. ' Ah, Sappho !' he said, playfully. '? let me prove what a merciless critic I am.' *' Very well, Herr Surgeon, and while yon mutilate this child of my brain, I beg leave to spend a short time in writing. A sudden exclamation suddenly arrested his attention and she looked op inquiringly. ' Wht is it t Why, Ned, are yon ill ?M ' 'Yes— no! This note— what does this many* and he read. 'Weighed in the balance and found wanting' etc. ** Did you ever write that to Ad* Somers ? But yoa didn't : of coarse yon didn't. Oh, how blind we wen ;' Mabel looked bewildered. ' I do not nnderstaad ; please explain. ' Pale and excited. Dr. Farley harried!? told t£be story of the note fonnd by Harold Law rence, months before. The will power which had sustained Mabel bo long deserted her. She Bant into a chair and-«tretched out her hands in piteous appeal to ber lover. ' It was only a stray bit of my manuscript, and this, Uus caused all that terrible miss understanding. Oh, Ned, I loved him, I loved j him'!' Mabel seemed to forget everything except the one fact that she loved Harold, and that he had indeed loved her. The thought of the pain her words gave to Dr. Farley did not ' force itself npon her consciousness, at first, bat when she did remember she would have given mnch to recall those words. For several minutes they sat in silence this man sod woman, both so utterly miserable. To each the truth had come as a blinding flash and the events of the past were clear to both. At length Dr. Farley rose, and with unsteady steps left the house. He most be alone. By and by be could taik it over calmly, but now he must go away out of sight , of thoae pleading eyes. Mechanically, he re turned home. He paced slowly op and down under the old elms, and finally paused at the very old spot, where just four month before he Lad parted with Harry Lawrence. ! He saw it all eo clearly now. Many things | which had seemed mysterious, were now I painfully distinct. Mable, his Mabel, loved Harold Lawrence. When he left so abruptly, withont even a farewell message, she felt that he had been flirting with ber. and her love and pride were terribly wounded. Her strong will bad enabled ber to hide her sorrow, however, and Ned had not guessed her secret She felt thtt the one man she loved had ! cruelly deceived her, and when she aavr the ' gre&t; wealth of love which Dc. Farley laid at her feet, her wounded heart yearning for the tenderness which bad been dented her, accepted his devotion. He saw now that she never had loved him. She would try to make him happy, but he felt the bitter truth— her heart would never be his. relinquish his claim on her and send for Harry C&wxence;? Should he give up the woman, he lored? Her sense of honor would never allow her to ask for a release. After the first shock of surprise she would be proudly silent concerning what she had learned. In time she might learn to love him. Why give her up ? Then came thoughts of duty, of honor. He recalled to mind a letter he once wrote to Harold, in which he had said, 'Onr friendship is the sort which will bear test, Lawrence.' Ah ! here was a test. Sbonld he be loyal to friendship ? Firmly he said* 'I will give heron.' 'Jost where I left yon, ' said a familiar voice. 'Rimr Tj«.wTwir*»-' *-yy*J aimed XV»d and instantly self was forgotten. The haggard face of his friend was all that was needed to confirm his resolution* and he felt a thrill of triumph, as he thought of the joy that was in efore for his friend. 'I thought yon were in Europe' he said, 'and have wondered why yoa did not write.' 'I miBsed that vessel and before the next left port I bad decided to abandon my trip and spent a few weeks in the mountains. 1 have been roving around here and there, as fancy directed, and now could not resist the longing to visit Lakeside once more ; to see yoa and to hear from MabeL How is she ? Is ehe well ? Is she happy ?' 'Very unhappy ! ' said Ned, gravely, and in few words he told him what be bad learned ?ffrigt morning. 'And now come with me.' He longed to have the ordeal over as soon as possible, for he was only human, and what if his friendship should not stand the test. In a few moments they stood in the presence of Mabel Stacey. and tender, 'Mabel, my friend, my sister, a misunderstanding came near blighting the iives of the two beings whom, of all the world, I hold most dear. To-day the cloud is lifted and I bid you rejoice in the light. Mabel, Harry, may God bless you both :' One kiss on the fair face upturned in happy bewilderment, one impulsive emhrace of the manly from of his friend, and he passed oat and left them. Friendship had borne the test.— Detroit Echo. 