IRovelist. HARRYBLOOMFIELD; OK, THE ADVENTURES OK AN EARLY AUSTRALIAN (CONTINUED.) SQUATTER. BY ANGUS M'LEAN. This was a dangerous and awkward charge to entrust to me, and I wished in my heart that the delicate confidence had been placed in some more disinterested hands, for I found my heart in a strange place of excitement after the late interview with the beautiful Sydney girl. My great disappointment at Edith's inconsistency— the proof of which I had that day read from her own letter to my sister—instigated the sudden revolution in my feelings towards Winnie Graem. Here was a charming creature, equally if not more beautiful and accomplished than the one who deserted me, and, as I suspected, she loved me more passionately and devotedly than ever Edith had. But how was I to act in the present juncture ? Would I become a traitor to my friend Hamilton, who had placed such unbounded confidence in my fidelity. It was a hard struggle, and the temptation I feared was beyond ray power of withstanding or resisting. But lest my friend should Suspect anything, some unfortunate voice whispered that I should go often to visit Miss Graem. "I thank you for the confidence you place in ine, Hamilton," said I, " but these love affairs are rather delicate subjects to interfere with. However, I shall use my advocacy in your favour so far as is consistent with my own conscience." " That is right, Bloomfield ; I shall expect no more. And now before we part I trust you will visit my uncle Graem any leisure hour you find, for I have so many engagements that you cannot expect me to accompany you always, especially at business hours." I took leave of my friend, and directed my fcieps toward my" Hotel, where an invitation to the Governor's ball awaited me. I visited Graem's frequently, for I found myself irresistibly attracted to the enchanted bower, where I freely drank intoxicating draughts of love. I became a great favourite with the rest of the Graem family, for Hamilton's sake, among whom were young beautiful flowers budding, but none promising such charms as the eldest displayed. I lived in Elysium during the few days which preceded the Governor's ball, and Edith Mowbray was almost entirely banished from ray memory ; but once or twice when I thought of her a sudden pang shot through my heart, and an involuntary sigh escaped me, plainly telling me that she still held a deep hold on my affections. I had not betrayed the trust placed in me by Hamilton by a word. I faithfully advocated his cause, but without avail. Winnie, instead of inclining towards him, daily widened the breach, and at last actually forbade my introducing the subject at all. Alas for human nature. This resolve on her part pleased rather than disappointed me, for I had now more proof of the reason by which she was actuated. I felt flattered and lost. CHAPTER XXXII. THE GOVERNOR'S BALL. The xaneh-talked-of ball at length arrived, at which Her Majesty's new representative in Victoria entertained the then iilite of the colony. Much speculation had been indulged in of late in Melbourne as to the impression which the newly-arrived Governor would make on the public. His popularity in the colony, it was known, would entirely depend on sagacity and good government, qualities which his predecessor had failed to manifest. Elaborate preparations were made in the shape of purchasing dresses, especially by the fairer portion of the community, for the grand occasion. I arrived moderately early at Goverment House, the ball-room was fitted out for the occasion in magnificent style, and all the arrangements were carried out with taste and con^leteness. The. ladies were dressed in a gorgeous and expensive style; but I was not a little proud to observe that the lovely Miss Graem excelled them all in beauty and brilliancy. The notice she attracted before she had long arrived was manifested among the group of gentlemen around me. " Who is she ?" said one. "My eyes, what a stunner 1" exclaimed another. " What a glorious creature. Does any one know her name ? " asked a third. / "Ask Bloomfield there," remarked one of my acquaintances; and an eager crowd at once gathered round me, pressing me for the wished-for information. I answered with as>sumed indifference— " Ail I know about the lady is that her name * is Miss Graem, and that she is a .Sydney native." " By jingo," said one, " I often heard of the beautiful Sydney natives, but never until this moment had such proof." " Bloomfield is a lucky dog to be acquainted with such a rare beauty," whispered another. Hamilton came near at this moment, when I stepped to one side with him. His first observation was— " Doesn't Winnie look well to night, Bloom- Jield? " " She looks charming, Hamilton. All the ge&ifcmen; present are struck with her beauty, ao that you must look sharp after your prize." " I tbittk that you ought to assist me in the Aefence of the fair citadel, Bloomfield, and monopolise her company when I am not near, for I would tire her by pressing my company too much; and besides, you are getting an iin mense favourite with her," " Poor Hamilton," I thought, " you are not so deep in love matters AS you are in legal; otherwise you would not rely so much on your friend's assistance." I felt for the moment a strong conviction that I was not dealing lion e«tly with my friend. But, alasl the conscien liious scruple soon vanished when I found my self engaged witli Winnie in the mazes of the jsxeiting dance. Oh ! the delirium of those delicious moments as we whirled round the rbrilliantly-lighted hall. The consciousness 4hat I was loved in return by the acknowledged belle of the ball, whose dazzling loveliness attracted so much attention, was sufficient to •jreak down the barrier of reserve which I had constructed for the sake of my friend Hamilton. I shall leave my case in the hands of a jury of bachelors, who may have found themselves whirling in the dance under circumstances similar to my own. I could not help acknowledging my love. Several times the image of Edith Mowbray appeared to my mind's eye; but remembering how cruelly she had deserted me, pride each time came to my relief. " All ! " I thought, " would she were here now to see the charming creature that leans on my arm, and return the affection which she has spurned." Twice I imagined, while meditating thus, that I caught a glimpse of the deep-blue eyes which 4iad kindled my boyish love, and the same graceful figure in the person of a lady who whirled with her partner n^ar us ; but I was too full of my own thoughts to take much notice of the resemblance. I remember pausing for a few seconds to rest, and also to give my partner a better opportunity of replying to my ardent proposals. My arm supporting her waist, and her left liand rested upon iuy shoulder, while the other was detained by ine. Thus we stood back out of the course of the dancers. I bent my face close to her ear, saying— " I shall be very proud, Winnie, of engaging the greatest beauty here tliis evening if she will only say the little word that my heart is yearning to hear." She blushed and bent down her eyes, as if shunning the gaze of some one behind* in which direction her eyes were turned, without replying to my question. t " What do you say, lovely one ? Am I then mistaken in your affection ? For pity's sake, relieve me out of my misery." A gentle pressure of both her hands interrupted the protestation, and she whispered— " The lady behind will overhear. She is casting, suspicious looks towards you." I changed my position a^little in order to face a lady and gentleman who I knew were standing like ourselves out of the dance to rest, when my eyes encountered the same orbs which had flashed upon me several times in the waltz. Was it dreaming or was it the ghost of Edith Mowbray which stood before me? I was transfixed—unable to move or articulate a word. A stifled scream proceeded from the lady, who but for her partner's assistance would have fallen. Her cheeks became very pale, and she appeared as if about to faint. Her partner assisted her out of the aloon, while 1 stood where I had first seen her in a most perfect state of bewilderment. Winnie gazed at .me in utter astonishment, and her words," " Come into the air," brought me to my senses. " Willingly," I replied, conducting her mechanically through the throng of loungers. " Do you know who that lady is V" she enquired eagerly. I think I do; but I am not certain," I replied evasively. ' I noticed her several times watching us during the waltz. But what a lovely woman she is, far handsomer than poor me, although you flatter me so," said she, slightly pouting. " She is not handsomer Winnie; of that I am positive; but here comes your cousin, and he will flnd out who she is." When the question was put to Hamilton, he ; exclaimed— " Bless you, that was Miss Mowbray, a connection ot the* Governor's by marriage. Why, everybody is crazy about her beauty. I heard a lot of fellows arguing whether she or a certain other lady I know is the handsomer, and. opinion seemed to be divided. But I believe she is engaged to the Private Secretary, Mr. Stanley, who is a nephew of the Governor. Why, what is the matter with • you, Bloomfield ? You look as if you had seen i a ghost." After leaving Winnie with her mother, Hamilton and I stepped into the refreshmentroom. I now remembered, that although I had told him of my disappointed love and the fickleness of my fair one. I had never mentioned her name. Now when he was apprised of the facts he manifested- great surprise. That Miss Mowbray was still single confounded us, nor could we account for the mystery. ' Why, she has repented, Bloomfield; you'll find that out yet. The fellow appears to be quite spoony about her, sticking to her like a leech sincc they entered the hall; but she does not seem to care very much for him." ' What is he like, Hamilton ? I was BO confounded that I never noticed his looks." ' Why, I must confess he is a handsome fellow, but not so manly in appearance to my fancy as you are." Our conversation was interrupted by several friends entering the room, amongst whom was the Colonial Treasurer, who came near me, saying with a significant smile— " Hullo, Bloorrfield, you must be in high favor here. The Governor's private secretary was inquiring whether a gentleman of your name . waa_ at the ball to-night, when I answered him in the affirmative. He was also enquiring about some othfer name which I forget ; but on hearing ,who you were he was satisfied. I expect to hear you being sent for one of these line da3 r s." I guessed the reason of the private secretary's enquiries about me, although I did not satisfy the Treasurer on the subject. The reaction which suddenly took place in my feelings on beholding Edith Mowbray so unexpectedly was most extraordinary. Although I had wished, her present several times that evening to witness my conquest of the beautiful Miss Graem, and to see with what indifference I treated her inconstancy, when she actually stood before me I felt like a criminal, especially when I suspected that she understood what had passed between my charming partner and myself. However, on reverting to her letter I considered myself quite justified in my conduct and perfectly free. I debated with myself on the subject while returning to the ballroom, where I beheld the object of my thoughts. Mr. Stanley was still in her company, or rather was her partner in a dance. On the next dance being about to begin the gentleman, after a whisper from Miss Mowbray, approached me, introducing himself, and adding: " I have the pleasure of informing you that I am commissioned by Miss Mowbray to piesent her compliments, and ask that you will favor her with your company, as she has some news for you from your friends at home." I observed that Miss Mowbray had left the hall when Stanley came to me with the message, and when I accepted the invitation he conducted me to a small apartment or private room. On entering he announced my name, formally introducing me to Miss Mowbray, and then quitted us. Edith was standing in the centre of the floor, and approached me with a sad kind of smile, saying— " I am happy to see you, Mr. Bloomfield, after such a long separation. I hope you have been well since last I heard of you." " Perfectly well, Miss Mowbray; you are welcome to Australia." " Thank you. Pray, take a seat ; I have some news to tell you from home," she said, placing a chair £<jr me, and taking one herself." " Home news is always acceptable to a colonist," I replied in the same cool and disant tone. She heaved a deep sigh, which she strove to conceal. " I did not imagine," she said, " when we parted in England many years ago that our meeting again would be so cold and reserved. " Neither did I, Miss Mowbray," I replied coldly; " but time Altera many things it seems." A pause ensued, during which I for the first time that evening scanned the face of my companion as she sat with her head bent downward, nervously playing with her watchchain. She was little changed since I had last seen her, except that from a girl she had expanded into a woman, and that her beauty was in a much more pronounced character than in those old days. I was struck when I heard her voice with its similarity to that of Edwin, her cousin, whom she resembled also in face. From some unknown cause she started several times at my voice as I spoke to her. " I suppose you have not heard as yet that your sister Rose and my brother Alfred are married," she remarked in a trembling voice. " I had a letter a few days ago, intimating that the marriage .would take place in a week from that date." " Then you have heard from Rose lately ? " she added, with seeming uneasiness. " Her letter was written after you left for London to join your aunt; but I never suspected that it was your relative who came as Governor here, for llose never mentioned his name, but said that he was appointed an Indian Governor, and was returning thence." " So he thought himself; but he was appointed for this colony at the last moment. Did Bose say any more about me ?*.' she enquired timidly. " She did, and even enclosed me your note to her from London," I replied significantly, while I watched my companion's countenance. I perceived that she trembled at the words, and turned away her face. I judged that she was agitated, but considered that she deserved the pain which was inflicted by the news. " Of course you thought the; news in that letter extraordinary, and I may even say cruel." " I expect it is too late to talk about the subject now, so with your permission we will drop it," I replied coldly. " I dare say you are right. The subject is too painful to be introduced at our first meeting, and I expect you are impatient to get back to the ballroom. I trust you will forgive me for detaining you so long from your beautiful partner, who I have no doubt will be the future Mrs. Bloomfield." 41 Not before Miss Mowbray is changcd to Mrs. Stanley," I replied bitterly. " That will be never," Edith remarked with emphasis, surprising me very much. " But you have not mentioned the lady's name," she pursued. " I must confess she is one of the handsomest girls I ever beheld." "Her name is Miss Graem—a native of Australia. So you see, Miss Mowbray, we can produce passable specimens of female beauty." " I fear she may get jealous at me detaining you, so we had better return to the ballroom. But before we part I must ask you to visit me some other day, as I have several things to say which our short interview at present forbids. I shall inform my aunt who you are, so that your company at Government House will be always acceptable." " Thank you, Miss Mowbray ; I shall avail myself on your kind invitation on some future day. Are you engaged for the next waltz ? If not, may I have the pleasure of engaging you." " Undoubtedly for the sake of old times, Mr. Bloomfield." She took my arm, and we re-cnteredj the ballroom just as a waltz was beginning. I saw Hamilton with his cousin walk away when Edith and I took our places on the floor. Thinking that Winnie was indisposed, when the dance was over I enquired for Hamilton. I was informed that Miss Graem's party had left, and that she was unwell. I was very uneasy on hearing this, and feared that Hamilton had revealed my secret. After parting with Edith in better humour than I had anticipated at our meeting that evening, I gained my hotel, my mind filled to overflowing with strange and conflicting emotions. CHAPTER XXXIII. A PAINFUL INTERVIEW. THE day after the grand ball had far advanced before I left my couch. The events of the previous evening appeared to my mind like a strange dream. My sensations were of the common kind experienced by those who meditate with a cool head over the doings and sayings of a night of glitter and gaiety that carries people invariably along beyond their everyday pace. I now felt ashamed of the vows I had made in the ear of Winnie Graem, and which I could not now fulfil till Edith Mowbray became somebody's wife, for I was resolved not to be the first to break the troth which we had pledged. One thing I could not fathom—why Edith declared so positively that she never would become Mrs. Stanley. Could they have quarrelled or broken off the engagement ? That did not seem possible, as they had appeared very friendly at the ball. But who else then could she have loved so deeply? Who else could have caused her to desert her affianced lover ? These were the questions I asked myself without finding any definite or reasonable answer. My mind was much disturbed about Winnie Graem, and the sad look she had cast at Edith and myself as she left the ballroom lingered before me. I resolved on visiting Hamilton at his office about the time of closing business, so as to have an uninterrupted interview with him. Parliament was to be opened next day by the Governor in person, and great preparations were going on amongst the members for the special occasion. Punctual to time I arrived at Hamilton's office, which I found him about to leave; but on seeing me he asked me into his private room. I was sorry to see that he received me very coldly, and that something unpleasant pressed heavily upon his mind, I opened the conversation by remarking— " You seem very dull, Hamilton, after last night." " I wish I had never gone to the ball, Bloomfield," he replied solemnly. " How is this ? Surely you could not wish for better enjoyment?" " It may have proved very pleasant to you, Bloomfield, but I fear it has proved the reverse to me. I am quite miserable since." " I am very sorry to hear it, Hamilton; but to tell you the real truth my own happiness has not gained by the event. But how is Miss Graem? I was told when I attempted to seek you out that she left unwell." " She was taken ill as you were informed, and she was confined to her room when I left this morning." " I am very sorry to hear it. I suspect she had to dance too often, and got overheated, which is rather dangerous." " I fear there was more than that the cause of her indisposition, Bloomfield; something that may prove more serious." " And have you any clue to what that is, Hamilton? There used to be no secrets between us, aud I trust that I have not forfeited your confidence since last evening." " It is a painful subject for me to mention; but as you are concerned I consider it imperative onme to inform you, although I will aquit you of any treacherous intention in the matter, I have found out at last Winnie's unknown lover, and if I am not mistaken you have guessed him also of late. You need not color up, Bloomfield; I am not going to lay any charges against you for a breach of trust; for I well understand now the delicacy and hesitation you manifested when I proposed that you should pay some, attention to my cousin on all occasions, and particularly at Government House last night, in order to keep others from paying their addresses to her. It was not until you held that conference with your old love, Miss Mowbray, that the truth flashed upon me, and that Winnie's secret was made manifest. After I left the refreshment room and returned to her, we went amongst the loungers, when she eagerly questioned me on the subject ; and I must confess, wheedled the whole secret of your former engagement with Miss Mowbray from me. The revelation was too much for her, and she then told me the secret of her own love. I could easily perceive the agony she was suffering when I told lier I suspected her unknown lover. She could not deny the charge, but craved that I should not by word or hint betray her secret to you. I did not exactly promise that, but satisfied her at the time ; for since I informed you before that there was such a barrier between me and b.er affections, I have thought it more honorable to apprize you of the real facts that we may determine on the best course to pursue for the future. I must now declare to you that if any promise of marriage has taken place between you and my cousin, and if you consider yourself free from your engagement with Miss Mowbray, I will freely withdraw any pretensions to my cousin's hand, although it will cost me a sore pang. I need not say that this is greatly for her sake." " You are a noble fellow, Hamilton. I trust though that matters will turn out better yet for us both. As you have sai3, I had some suspicion that I was the unconscious and undeserving object of Miss Graem's attachment; but then I never dreamed that we would meet again, and did not think it well to apprise you of suspicions, which might after all be unfounded. I must say that I was partly sorry that Miss Graem's family came to Melbourne, and that I was thrown in her way through your friendship. You may imagine the delicate position I was placed in through the confidence you reposed in me, and the great temptation which was daily before me in the company of your charming cousin, and under which I almost surrendered, notwithstanding my loyalty to you. The words I uttered last night while in the excitement of dancing with Miss Graem I do not think she took much notice of, so that yet she is free from any engagement with me." " What a fool I must have been, Bloomfield, not to foresee the danger of throwing you so much together. J fully exonerate you from all blame, and admit that you have acted honorably in the matter. But let us dismiss this painful subject, and return to your own and Miss Mowbray's affairs. I would like to know how your conference last night ended, and whether itjis to be peace or war between you." I went through as much as was permissible of the details of the conversation between myself and Edith. " She repents. You may take my word for that," he said, when he had heard me out. " Another such consultation, and she will' surrender. Stanley is not the ' man for Galway ;' you may depend upon that. It must be another case of unknown lover, like my fair cousin's. These ladies are a mystery, which we poor bachelor devils are unable to comprehend." I explained to him my position in regard to Winnie Graem. " You should call upon her as usual by ail means," he said, " otherwise she will suspect I have told you all; for I would not for the world that she thought you in possession of her secret. I have now no fear of your committing yourself; and mind, if it is a case of separation between you and Miss Mowbray, I shall not stand between yourself and Winnie. So good-bye, and no more excuses." My friend then parked with me for that day. After leaving him I directed my steps towards Mr. Graem's house for the purpose of ascertaining how Winnie was after her sudden indisposition on the previous evening. On enquiring of one of her sisters I was conducted to the drawing-room, and after a little delay Winnie made her appearance. She looked far from well, and a sickly smile played upon her face as she invited me to sit down. v" I was grieved to hear that you had been taken ill last evening, Miss Graem; I fear you took too much exercise during the first part of the night." " It appears so, Mr. Bloomfield. Indeed, I was so excited and happy on the occasion that I was quite regardless of anything but dancing. It is often the case that in the midst ot our liappiness some calamity or sickness overtakes us." A deep sigh escaped her. She bent down her head, and fixed her eyes upon her hands. " I have just left your cousin, Mr. Hamilton," I said, "and he led me to understand that he had communicated to you certain facts • regarding the position in which Miss Mowbray, whom you saw last night, and myself stand. I consider it due to you that I should make some apology for my behaviour last night, to show you that I did not intend to trifle with your feelings. What I uttered were the true sentiments of my heart. Little did I imagine that I should meet Edith Mowbray at the ball, or even see her again in this life. Her presence in the colony still unmarried surprised me very much, for I had heard from my sister that she was to be married shortly, and had actually withdrawn from her engagement with me, which I suppose she considered as the result of a childish freak, but which I on my part would not have broken for worlds. I need not go through the history again, Miss Graem, as Hamilton has told you the details. I may, however, say that I do not consider myself free from my early vows while Miss Mowbray remains single. I had positive proof in her own handwriting that she had reposed her confidence in another, and I had more spirit than to crave back her love. She, however, declared last night that a match with the Governor's nephew (the Private Secretary) was not to take place ; and who her lover is I am unable to discover. The reason she sent for me last night was to communicate some news from my friends at home, particularly about her brother's marriage with my youngest sister. I am exceedingly sorry if I have in the slightest degree interfered with your cousin Hamilton's prospects; but as I have said, the subject need not be pursued further at present." " I wish I was of your disposition, Mr. Bloomfield," replied Winnie with a perceptible blush. " I would sacrifice anything, even life before love, because I believe it is given to us from above, and therefore not our own property to freely deal with. It is too hallowed a thing to be bartered or trifled with. As for your interference or obstructing my cousin's expectations I think every person is free to act for himself in such a delicate matter. With regard to my returning my cousin's noble and generous affection, I am not.capable of doing so, for I have no heart to give him, and that he already knows. If, however, I am BO unfortunate as to love in vain, I would sooner entrust my happiness to my cousin than any other." /• I perceived that she was affected very much, and therefore changed the subject to remark on the grand party of the evening before ; and after some little talk on that subject, she regained some of her usually lively spirits. After an unusually long visit I departed, promising to return next day. CHAPTER XXXIV. A STRANGE PROPOSITION. THE day lor the opening of the first Victorian Parliament—a day memorable in the history of the colony—at length arrived. The Council chamber was filled with ladies, and crowds of spectators, who could not gain admittance, stood outside the doors of the Parliament House. The approach of the Governor and party, who came under an escort of the troops, and whose advent was announced with firing of guns, caused a thrill of expectation in the breasts of those who were to take part in the work of legislation. When we were summoned to the Council Chamber I saw Miss Mowbray blooming as usual amongst the Governor's party, and my heart beat as I had not felt it ^eat for many a day as our eyes met, and I fancied' that she smiled in the distance. I attended for some time closely to my Parliamentary duties, and did not visit Miss Mowbray, though I several times saw Winnie Graem, and endeavoured to show her the attachment I had had for Miss Mowbray, in order to excuse myself somewhat for my conduct at the ball. She took all I had to say in good part, and never showed that she cared in the least, except once I thought, when she was asked to sing "The native girl's lament," which the reader will remember, and which she backed out of, while a hot blush suffused her face. Some days after the opening of parliament [ received a note by the Governor's orderly. It was from Edith Mowbray, and requested me to see her at Government House as soon as possible. I of course posted away to fulfil the engagement, but not with the very pleasantest of feelings, for I surmised that the marriage avith Stanley was perhaps being brought oh. by the Governor and Mies Mowbray's aunt, and that I was wanted to give a release from the engagement. When I arrived 1 was shown into the same room in which our first interview had taken place, and there found Miss Mowbray looking even more blooming than before. She received me with great cordiality. After she had excused herself for sending for me, and I had made my excuses for not attending to my promise that I would visit her, and after we had chatted for a few moments about Miss Graem's health, while I noticed her watch my countenance narrowly, she said— " If I am not mistaken I think I heard that you have a cousin or second cousin in Australia named Baxter." " I have, Miss Mowbray; he is managing my stations on the ltiver Murray." "I believe he resembles you very much," she added, lowering her gaze. " There is I believe a great resemblance between us. But who told you ? My cousins, the Maxwells, who were diging with him." " Oh ! indeed you are right. I heard him mention the Maxwells, and he was very partial to them, particularly the young one." I feli rather nervous during this conversation, and began to play with my fingers, when Edith, who was also somewhat embarrassed, noticing the ring that Edwin had given me, asked me to see it. I took it off, and handed it to her; " Oh ! what a rich ring that is 1 I suppose it is colonial gold and manufacture. Let me see what are these initials, E.M.," she said, with excited curiosity. But on deciphering the initials a sudden pallor spread over her face as she involuntarily said, "Omy God 1 what have I done 1 " Instantly checking herself, however, she covered her face with her handkerchief. I was fairly mystified at this singular conduct. Could she have imagined that I was actually engaged to some other lady having those initials ? " You are doubtless surprised at my conduct, Mr. Bloomfield, but that ring on your finger was the means of explaining some doubts which were in my mind. You need not look disturbed when I say that I have discovered a little secret of yours. It was yourself that became gold-digger and partner of the Maxwells, and not your cousin Baxter. Is it not so ? " I was fairly found out, and admitted my deception. "But how did you imagine it to be so ? " I asked. " Simply by that ring ; because Edwin told me that he and Baxter bad exchanged rings with their initials engraved upon them, and faithfully promised to wear them ever afterwards in remembrance of their friendship while at the diggings." " I must plead guilty to the charge, Miss Mowbray, but I trust you will pardon the Jittle imposition I played upon your cousins. When I explain the true reasons for my digging under an assumed name you will not condemn me altogether." I then related the events which had induced me to become a digger. " I will excuse you, Mr. Bloomfield ; but at the same time I must remark that the imposition was carried rather too far ; for, if I was rightly informed, you surreptitiously became aware of some secrets of mine which were in my cousin Edwin's possession. It was really too bad to deceive the boy." I could perceive a smile playing upon Edith's lips while she spoke. " I indeed became aware of some trifling matters regarding you at our first acquaintance ; but before we parted a more serious and overwhelming disappointment to me came to my knowledge—that I had lost your love for ever. This was confirmed afterwards by your own letter to my sister Rose, which filled up my cup of misery." " 0 spare me, spare me, Harry I I know all. But did not my letter state that there was some mystery in the case which I could not tell or explain ? " " 1 believe it did, Edith. But what knowledge could heal my wounds when you declared that you had transferred"your love to another ? " " It was in that the mystery lay. But what use is there in lamenting what I am unable to explain ? Oh ! Harry, if you knew all you would both pity and forgive me. But—alas— I shall be the greatest sufferer." " You make "me more miserable than ever, Edith," I replied. " What secret could induce you to break the vows we entered into ? And why hide it from me and prevent me judging of your actions ? " " I may be forced to explain the whole yet, but not now, Harry. Do not press me too much at present. Let us change the subject. We changed the conversation, and my fair companion surprised me by asking with much earnestness to introduce a measure into Parliament for the protection of the diggers against licence hunting and such inconveniences. When I asked her how she knew anything of the diggings, she said the Maxwells had told her the abuses under which gold miners suffered, and as I must know all about them, she hoped I would bring in a motion on the subject, and do my best to get the support of the mining members. I tried to excuse myself, stating that by a squatter and supporter of the Government, which leaned to the squatters, such a motion would show my want of confidence in my leaders; but my fair companion would take no excuse, but. said if I turned the Government out I could form another Ministry. She told *ne she had reasons for asking me to take action, which she might reveal some day soon; and I was compelled before leaving, to promise to ; Consider the matter, and see what could be done. CHAPTER XXXV. THE MYSTERY EXPLAINED. WHEN I returned to town the first place I visited was Hamilton's office. After discussing some political subjects of the day, I introduced that which now occupied my thoughts. " Well, Hamilton, I have been meditating lately on your pet scheme, • The Gold-fields Bill,' and have at last become convinced ofits necessity in the colony, provided that it can be passed easily through both Houses." " You are a trump, Bloomfield," said he; " I knew you would some day come to that conclusion; and I have no doubt that some of the members on your side of the House will follow when they see you taking an active part in favor of the measure. Should the Ministry view it as a want -of-confidence motion, all the Opposition will support it in a body. Now, since you command some influence among the squatting members, I think you ought to take charge of the Bill, and I will of course ive it all my support. I have got it ready frafted, so that you can go through the clauses, and suggest any amendments that you think necessary that would not materially affect its principles." A great sensation was manifested in the Assembly when it was seen that a supporter of the Government intended introducing such a sweeping measure, and one so antagonistic to the declared policy of the Ministry. I was then warmer in feeling and in blood than now, and was accordingly persuaded to attempt the difficult task. The eventful day came round for the second reading of the Bill. I moved it,-in a speech which lam afraid was all too crude. Feeling, however, ran high, and the Bill was carried by a considerable majority, though the Government opposed it with all their forces. The result was the resignation of the Ministry and the formation of another Cabinet by, reader, your humble servant. As I left the presence of His Excellency, after handing him a list of my friends, an orderly conducted me to the little room in which I had previously conversed with Miss Mowbray. She was there again, sitting in the same place, with the same healthy bloom upon her checks. I had caught sight of both her and Miss Graem in the Speaker's Gallery during the debate, and was curious to know what she thought of the war of words." " I congratulate you on your entrance into public life," she smilingly said upon my appearance. " You see I was right in my conjecture." " Thank you, Miss Mowbray. I must confess that my unlooked for success has been mainly attributable to the charming influence of a certain fair lady," I said, smiling. " You remember the old proverb, Mr. Bloomfield—' A faint heart never won .'" "' A fair lady," I added on seeing her pause and colour up. " But I have not won the fair lady yet, although my Bill (her BiU I almost said) is safe." " I thought the young lady was also won, judging by her looks the night of the ball." " If you mean Miss Graem, she is still free from any engagement with me, Miss Mowbray." " I have no right to question you on such a subject, Mr. Bloomfield; but so far as appearances went, and a few passionate words which accidentally came to my ears, I concluded-the case was settled." " I m uat confess, 3Iiss Mowbray, that I expressed myself unguardedly on the occasion you mention; but when you are made acquainted with the circumstances which prompted me at the time you will not be surprised. I became slightly acquainted with Miss Graem some years ago. I must admit that she made a strange impression upon my mind—not that I actually Joved her, or that my early vows were in danger through her singular charms—but meeting her lately after an absence of some years, and on the very day when I received llose's letter with yours, telling me so sad a tale of my first love, the feeling which I had entertained for the Australian girl came back with trebled force. It was when smarting under that disappointment that I sought refuge in the warm heart of Winnie Graem, whose affections I found I had unconsciously possessed since the first day I had met with her. I was confident that you were either engaged or married when I made the declaration you heard, anJ little thought you were in Australia at the time. I have, however, withdrawn the proposals, and explained to Miss Graem that I did not consider myself free from my first vows while you were single." " And now I suppose you want me to release you from these vows, Mr. Bloomfield ? The yoke is rather burdensome, I presume? " " Hold, Miss Mowbray I do not judge me rashly. I have not given you any reason so to presume, nor have I in the slightest degree varied in my constancy." "Pardon me, Harry. I have been the guilty party myself," she interposed, giving way to emotion. "Ohl Harry, if you but knew what I have suffered. But I dare not explain, for if I did you might think my conduct unbecoming a woman." I took her hand in mine, and as my eyes fell mechanicallyupon its exquisite symmetry, a ring made of colonial gold, with initials upon it, attracted my attention. One look was sufficient to solve a whole world of mystery. There glittered before my staring eyes the very ring I had presented to Edwin Maxwell, and beside me sa£ the make-believe Edwin in the person of the first keeper of my love. The whole mystery was now explained. Edith had loved " Horace Baxter," and had thus considered it impossible to unite her fate with mine; and now when she discovered who the supposed Baxter was she felt very much inclined to sacrifice all her feelings rather than tell me she had been at work with me on the diggings. How could I have been so very blind ? I could see everything so clearly now. But that a delicate and tenderly-brought-up girl would have thought of coming' to the diggings, disguising herself and encountering all the hardships and dangers of an early gold-digger's life, I could not have dreamed at the time. The happiness which filled my heart at the knowledge that after all I only had possessed the love which was given to me in years gone by at the other side of the world, made up for every pang which had been drawn for me hy adverse fate. " Do not your distress yourself, my darling Edith," I whispered softly in her ear. " I have guessed all; your secret is revealed to me." She instantly uncovered her eyes, and gazed with alarm in my face, exclaiming— " How ? Is it possible ?" " By a ring. Just as you discovered that I had personated Baxter." She sprang up as. if she wished to leave me, but I held her tightly in my hand. " Oh.! for goodness sake let me go, Harry 1 You will hate me ever after this discovery. I know you will." " Stay and listen for a few seconds, dearest Edith. You misjudge me greatly. Your noble conduct deserves my admiration rather than my hate. I shall not allow you to escape until I hear from your sweet lips that you still love Bloomfield, alias Baxter. Allow me to remove that hand which hides thy beautiful eyes." The story was J long, and although it would not all be interesting to the reader, to ine it brought the very acme of happiness. It was a tale filled up certainly with strange incidents. When I left home she had been sent into Wales by h^r father to some of his relatives, and while there had been compelled to affect to receive the addresses of Mr. S.duley in order lo throw her friends off ..aeir guard as to her true feelimg. This iad been attended with unfortunate consequences ; for while it had made my sister beleve she had become cold in regard to myself, is brought down both upon herself and me t!ie revenge of poor Ellen Arnold, who had -lilied to me the assumed attachment be- Edith had robbed her of her admirer, i Ier brother next became engaged to my sister -lose, and Mr. Mowbray died almost immei iately after, leaving his estate very much in- • olved. Puttiug off his match till he should •>e out of difficulties, her brother had started ior the gold- fields, and she hearing that I had Keen killed by the blacks, and having no wish for anything now but to be near her brother, prevailed upon him to allow her to accompany him in the guise .of a digger. They av..i LJ die gold-fields, assuming the names of their cousins—Andrew and Edwin Max- '.vell. When they left my sister was given -to understand that they had gone to Wales, and hence my total ignorance of their whereabouts. I need detail little of what Edith told about her AustraUan career, as the reader already knows most of it. He does not, however, know that ere her departure for the old world, long before our exchange of rings, she had fallen in love with Baxter, even after hearing from him that his cousin Bloomfield was safe and well. The secret of her grief in going away from the colony was partly love for Baxter and partly regret that she could have treated Bloomfield so coldly. As her brother was to be married to Rose, and was displeased with the supposed jilting of his intended brother-in-law, Edith did not care to remain at home, and, an opportunity offering, she joined the family of the Governor, then on his way to India. At the last moment, however, and just as she had given up all hope of seeing aught of her Australian lover, the destiny of the Viceregal party was changed. Our meeting at the ball, how she at first thought I was Baxter, and afterwards imagined I must be her old jilted lover as I breathed words of passion in the ear of the beautiful Miss Graem, was all detailed. Then came the relation of how we had found each other out by our rings, and we sat face to face without a secret between us—the past cleared of the mist that to me had enveloped it, and the present made bright as the sunniest day. " I fear, however," she said pouting as •she concluded, " that you will shun me for ever now that ,you know all that I have done." " What, my adorable Edith ? Do not talk in that way. I love you far more, if that were possible, than ever I did before. You after all never deserted me, for Baxter and Bloomfield were one and the same. You have never yet seen the real Baxter, and if when you behold him you prove fickle enough to fall in love with him, I suppose I must put up with the disappointment." " No fear of that, Harry. But can you forgive my going to the diggings and per- • sonating my cousin Edwin ? Was not that indelicate ? " " Far from it, my noble girl. You made a great sacrifice for the sake of your only brother ; and, besides, you know that if you made a fool of me, I practised a little imposition on you; so in colonial parlance we may ' cry quits.'" We again plighted the troth which had been in jeopardy so long, and in order that there might be no opposition on her aunt's part to her choice of a lover, Edith introduced me to that lady, telling her I was then one of His Excellency's advisers. The impression I produced was, I flattered myself, good ; and after a brief visit, in which much progress was made, I took my leave and returned to the city, my brain filled up with a host of warring thoughts on the subject of love and politics. I think, however, that Cupid carried the day. CHAPTER XXXVI. CONCLUSION. Political affairs wens satisfactorily arranged, the leader of the Opposition at my request accepting the post of Chief Secretary, leaving to me one less important, and better suited to my tastes. Hamilton was placed in the position of Attorney-General. And so the Government business was resumed. I had not visited the Graems, or seen Winnie for some time past, owing to my late engagements, which had not left me a spare moment. On the first opportunity which presented itself, therefore, I directed my steps to Mr.' Graem's cottage. As I was entering the hall a little chatty girl, with whom I had always been a great favorite, met me in the passage. With a significant gesture for me to keep quiet, she whispered in my ear that she was going to listen at the drawing-room door to hear her sister Winnie sing her song about the native girls. This was evidently the lament which 1 had so often wished to hear. I therefore became an eaves-dropper to please my pert little companion. The door was a little ajar, and I could just perceive the graceful figure of the singer as she sat with her back towards us. After playing a few airs, which were among my favorites, she began " The lament." The words were simple and the air plaintive. I saw that the song contained a history of the singer's love for me, which had\gone forth unrequited, and been attended with so much misery to her. As she finished the song I heard her voice falter, and as I knew the cause of her grief only too well, I was obliged to wipe away a tear or two that would come forth at the moment, to the astonishment of my little companion. Seeing that it would be injudicious to intrude at this time, I bound my little mate at the door over to secrecy, and telling her I would not stay just then, took my departure. On telling Hamilton afterwards what I had done he commended my judgment, advising me not to visit at Mr. Graem's, as my presence would be the opening up of wounds that were slowly closing. Hia friends had persuaded Winnie to take change of air at the station of a relative in Sydney, and she had promised to bestow her hand upon him on her return. A few days afterwards I read with a sigh the name of Winnie amongst the passengers by one of the Sydney steamboats. It might be that I had seen the last of her. * * * * * * For a time, owing to the Governor warmly espousing the cause of his nephew, I had fears about the adventure of Edith and myself coming to a successful conclusion. However, the fickle goddess, who had smiled upon me in politics, gave me one of her sweetest* looks in love, and the Governor's prejudices melted away. He called me aside at the close of an Executive Council meeting one day, after I had defended hi3 conduct in the House in relation to some despatches forwarded to the Secretary of State, and told me that as Miss Mowbray seemed partial to me he would offer no objection to the match. The marriage took place shortly after with all the pomp and circumstance likely to attend a wedding at Government House; but at the risk of incurring the displeasure of my fair readers I must not stop to describe either tho dresses of the ladies or the details of the ceremony. When we—that is Edith and I—had bidden good-bye to our numerous friends, and departed amid a shower of old shoes, as is the_ usual custom, we soon found ourselves out of Melbourne, on the road to the North, scampering away at a high rate of speed. The buggy I drove was light, and in it I had a pair of quick-footed bays, • which measured the distance with a rapidity only known to the early . Australian traveller. In consideration of the gnat wish which Edith had to visit the soenqp of our digging exploits, we turned our horses' heads somewhat oat of the true coarse for my' station on the banks of the Murray. The country seemed considerably changed since last we traversed it; but on reaching Sandhurst where we had first met as diggers, the alterations in all things were more apparent. Large and costly buildings stood now on the very ground where we had been digging; and we beheld a thriving town where commerce had sat down as a companion to alluvial min- On leaving Sandhurst next day we passed through another familiar spot—Long Gully— where our first gleam of. luck had shone upon us; and here also the change was very apparent. Next came the memorable Eagle Hawk, where another mushroom town bad sprung up. On looking around me I was attracted by a large hotel bearing the name of John Brown on its signboard. Here I thought we might refresh ourselves and horses before proceeding further on our journey. We were rather surprised to find in the goodhumored landlord my old friend Jack Brady. When we were quite alone I asked him how it was he had returned from Europe, for " I thought," I said, " that you went to the old country." " So I did, Mr. Bloomfield; but I soon returned again. The home country held no inducements for me to stop. Nearly all my friends had either died or gone to America, and the few who remained would not countenance such a notable character as I had become; so Tilly and I thought it best to '' bout ship,' and take up our quarters in the most hospitable and luckiest place we ever lived in. Having a good bit of money left I bought up the very ground where I held the lucky claim, and erected all these improvements upon it, where I do a pretty good stroke in the public line." " I am glad to hear that you are doing well, Jac& But are you not afraid some old acquaintance will recognise you ? " " Not 'in the least. The old hands are getting fewer every year ; and should an odd one come round they would never recognise the supple Jack Brady in the stout Jack Brown, the publican." " You have certainly changed a good deal in appearance, and accumulated a fair proportion of flesh. Rut how is Mrs. Brown ? " "Bless you, she.is as well as possible, and nearly as stout as I am myself." At this stage Mrs. Brown entered with a young Brown in her arms, who crowed lustily when he saw us. His mother certainly looked as if hotelkeeping agreed with her. She was much stouter than when I last saw her, but had lost none of her good looks. When we had left the hotel after a lengthy stay Edith told me that Mrs. Brown had recognised her as the Edwin Maxwell of the diggings, but that she had promised to say nothing on the subject to her husband, who did not suspect anything strange. * * * * * * Arriving at the station after a long but pleasant journey we were welcomed to the new house, which I had only completed a short while previous. I introduced Edith to my cousin Baxter, and saw a smile play across her features as she thought doubtless of the part which his name had played in our late history. Dan and his wife were the next persons to greet us. "Oh, Ccad, millc faiUhe, lady, may the blessings of St. Patrick pour upon your beautiful head," he exclaimed, with true Hibernian zest, as he took off his bat in deference to Edith. " Shure, Mr Bloomfield, you should have given us far more warnin', till we'd have made better arrangements." " And cooked us a three-decker, Dan ? " I asked. Dan only laughed at the recollection of his exploit in cooking. As we visited the outbuildings of the station we met Lachlan Tommy, with his swarthy llising Sun, carrying in her arms what I suppose I must call a native star. " Well, Tommy," I remarked, " what job do you take in hand on the station now ? " "Meself sometime gentleman, sometime shepherd, and sometime stockman." " Oh, I understand; a Jack of all trades ? " " Not always Jackum all trade, only sometime always." This peculiar expression made Edith laugh heartily. The advent of another Parliamentary session called me to the metropolis. Edith was loth to leave the quiet of our dwelling by the banks of the " Australian Nile ;" but finding that she must either desert it or me, shg elected to reside at Sautli Yarra, where Hamilton had engaged us a house. Here I was again brought into contact with Whelan and Lamont, who made my wife laugh heartily with an account of some! of the adventures which we had shared. Whelan was doing well in the world; but through the treachery of his partner, Lamont had lost all. I was glad to be able to lend him a helping hand, and as my cousin had some time ago left my stations to go into business in Sydney I appointed my old companion to manage for me, knowing that I might look a long time before I found so trustworthy a As time wore on we heard that Winnie Graem was gradually recovering her health and spirits and at last received an invitation to her wedding, she having at length consented to take Hamilton " for better for worse." It was, however, on condition that they should go upon a trip to England by the first vessel, and accordingly the wedding was fixed for the morning of the day on which the Royal Charter was advertised to sail. A large party of friends accompanied the bride and bridegroom abroad, and had an opportunity of looking upon many a smiling face of those who joyed at the word " Home," and after an absence of years almost imagined themselves there. As I took leave of Mrs. Hamilton she handed me a sealed packet, which she said I might open next day when my wife was near to hear the contents. It proved to be a letter in which the poor Winnie of the past, finding that I possessed the secret of her girlish love, asked forgiveness—though I never could see why —for entertaining the passion. She also told me a startling fact that I had never heard— that Lamont was well known to her, aud that he had on one occasion saved her from committing the crime of suicide. It was the occasion on which she had been told that my marriage had been arranged, and she suddenly left the room, and, throwing a shawl over her head, went out, and ran away from the house—she knew not nor cared not whither. Under the influence of wild delirium she had reached the Yarra, and was just plunging into its waters to escape— " Anywhere, anywhere, out of the world," when a strong hand arrested her progress, and she fainted. On awaking to consciousness she found it was Lamont, who being at her father's house, and seeing her leave the room in an excited manner, had thought it wise to follow. He conveyed her home, and as it happened fortunately that their absence had not been noticed, the secret had been securely kept. She asked me to thank Mr. Lamont for his christian kindness when I saw him, as he had not been able to attend the wedding, and as she had a presentiment that she would never again set foot on the shores of her own land. * * * * * * Five months and a half passed away. There was much to do, and the Parliamentary session was consequently long. One afternoon, however, we heard of the arrival of the Great Britain, and very shortly afterwards the House adjourned, each member going his own way in search of news. My letters I expected would be at home, so I made haste there, glad to have a quiet evening after being surfeited of late with debates. As I approached the house the lights told me that some company must have " dropped in," as was the common custom in the colonies at that time. I met Edith on the verandah, and, as she looked very sad, enquired what the English news was, or if she had letters from home. '»The news is very bad, Harry," she said, taking me into the ante-room, and handing me an English paper. I do not know when my / heart has ever been so heavy as when I read the dark column that my wife indicated. The Boyal Charter had been wrecked on the coast of Wales on the very eve of concluding a successful voyage, and when all hearts doubtless beat with a joyful throb at the early prospect of setting foot once more on their native land. A few passengers had left the vessel at Queenstown, and a few others had been saved from the wreck; but, alas, the names that we looked for with absorbing interest were contained only in the long and mournful roll of death, added to the countless thousands sacrificed to the insatiable maw of the sea. Poor Mrs. Hamilton. was only too true. * * * * * * Her presentiment "I have some good news for you." said Edith, rousing me from a very mournful reverie. " Who do you think have come out by the great Britain ? " " I don't know." " Then come in, and allow me to introduce you to two old friends." As she spoke she led me into the drawingroom, and to my great surprise presented me to Andrew Mowbray and my sister Rose. They had come to make a short stay in the colony, and return by the Great Britain on the next trip; and they not only fulfilled their promise, but induced us to voyage home in their company. Edith entered into the conspiracy to prevail upon me to go, and I verily believe that she had visions of knighthood staring me in the face before our return. However, my dear reader, such was not my expectation. I could not see that I deserved such a distinction, except my character, for being the wildest youth ever imported might be taken as a passport to honour. I only thought that a visit to England, and a study of her institutions, might fit me in the future for taking a more enlightened part in the legislation of my adopted country, THE END. 