(ftmtml 2tasL ?- The Late Mb. Elliott. — A fineral sermou iu memory ot this .late gentlioian will be preached at. the Btrathalbyu We^loyan Church on Sunday evening next, vhen friends of all denominations are iuviio^l 10 attend. ^Christian Chapel, STRATHALBy.v. — Mr. J. Colbourue , evangelist, will preach at. tbis chapel on Sunday evening next at 6 30. Town i f Strathalbys. — The election of a Councillor to till tbe vacancy cnused by. thu death of the lute Mr. Eilipu will take place on Saturday - next, the caudidates h;ing Messrs. K: Garrutfaers aud F. VV. Scaaiz. &-ee advenisemeut for paiticulars as to voting. Steatu albyn' i DEBiTisa SpciETr . — »Xhe winter session of the aociety is to be op^ied on Tuesday evening next in the Xnstiiate, when tbe election of oflicers and. committee \bc eusuing year ; will ' take jilice. ?? ' Wje .tpuaj,' ilia attendance will be Jargfe, ;n-jt ohW .'ijf5jf{iM meetiog but -at the1 regular 'vfetikiy^iB&libgi;? and that the success wiich; -attentietf thrnm &e88ion; may be greatly exceeded-' Jby;jthSi;'ol the-coming one. ,. . ? -?:? -.-. ? '??'-? '*'-:n ? The Qdbem'8 AccEssioif'.— For this holidtey^ Wednesday next, there arc one 'or two public amusements announced, namely, .coursing? matches:' at Goolwa and. entertafmcBt at Maccles%id.. W:p .believe, there is to be aj football match at JStrathalbyn -between tb» local club and a, team, frqm.i. Adelaide, but we! are unable to gi*e any.riarticulara. ?'? ? .- ?.-..-?«? ; 'x,b# Wbaxhkb bUH keeps flnE-. altbongb; there hasTbeen every' appearaane of rain since Sunday. 'The nights being- only moderattlyj cold, and there being 'as yet little.frost, th4 feed s'tatted'.by tlie early rains .is coming 09 so well that there is no scarcity of it in anj part of the district at present. Hay an«l chaff still ketp away up in price. MacclEBfikld Jnstitute. — We are reques ted to call particular* attention to th« an. nounc^meut in another column of a grand entertainment to take place in the InstitD te Hall, Maccieafield, on the evening of tbe 20 th ii.st. in aid of the Institute funds. We under stand a capital programme will be gone through by amateurs lrom Adelaide and else where^ the whole, concluding with a aptde splitting farce, entitled 4-My Grandmother's Ghost.' Tbe cummitteo have fixed tbe ptices low, and as some time has elapsed since last an entertainment took place in Maccledtfield they hope to have a large attendance. New Waltz.— We have received from MeBars. Cawihorne & Co., Franklin-street, Adelaide, a copy of a new waltz, just pub lished by them, composed by Mr. Chasv Cawthorue, and dedicated to Lady Robinson. Tbe composer's reputation as a dance player is very great, aud. his knowledge, of what is required to make .a dance piece popular las been- brought to bear on his latest compesi- j. tiou, which' will, we venture to say, become a/ favourite, the tune and -ewjng being- excel-' lent, and tbe various melodies pleasiDg/: while there- is a degree of briiiiauce About the - whole which adds to its beauty. Copies may be bad of any music seller. A Wise Deacon. — ' Deacon Wilder,' I' want you to tell me how you tept yourtell. and family so well the past season, when l&U; the rest of us have been 'sick so much, and. have had the doctors running to us so often.'*., '-Brother Taylor, the answer is very easy. '.i'!t£ used Hop Bitters in time, and kept my 'family ' well, and saved large doctor'aobitle. -Ftour -: sbitlioga' worth of it kept ub all w.eit and' able '' to workall the time, and I will, wairarit it . has cost you and most of the 'neigbbbura jElO ? to £100 apiece to keep 8'ck the same time. I fancy you'll take xay .medicine hereaftw.1' See. LiBEt Actioh.— The Commisuoneri of Crown Lauds (lion- A. .CattJ has* demanded, through his splicitorfl, the names of the writers of certain articles Spj-earnvg fn recent issues of tbe Bt^jsffir, and'iutimatedthatjpro- ' ceedings would betaken against tbe.papet tot libel Qpotained therein. Special Notice.— Wednesday next being a public holiday, advertisers and correspon dents are particularly requested to Bend in their contributions a day earlier than usual. District JCouscn-l Nominations. — Varions ounciis tn the district announce their nomi nations for the ensuing year, to take place on Monday, 25th inst See advertisements for particulars. Bouthbsh Coubsikg Ciajb.— We would again remind our sporting frieuds down south of the matches to take place at Hindmanh .Island on Wednesday next and following days in connection with the above club. Reference to tbe advertisement will show that the committee bave again adopted what iu their last match proved a highly satisfac tory plan for the distribution, viz., each dog to receive £1 for every course he wins. Au additional £5 and a trophy value £5 is also to be given to the dog winning the greatest cumber of courses, and £5 also to the runner up. We trust the matches will prove suc cessful in evety way. The Engineer is-Chief is now on his way back to the colony, having left San Francisco for Australia by mail-steamer. Mr. Mais bag, we understand, telegraphed some information relative to the cost of ironwork for bridges in America, but it is insufficient far any estimate to be arrived at by, and tbe matter will probably be held over till his ieturn. | IMacclecfield Post and Telegraph . Office — Messr-. Knuckeyand Abbott, from the Governineut Arcbicect's Offi je, have this week been engaged pegging oat tbe gr and for this office about to be erected, and we understand tbat a start will very shortly be made with the work of building. An Amcbino Case was heard at the Looal Court, Strathalbyn, on Wednesday, s series of informations and cross-informations be tween one Young and a Mr. and Mrs. For rest. During the hearing of tbe evidence, which was of a most conflicting ehara oer, «ome amusing disclosures even ma-ie, which kept the Court pretty lively. Mrs. Forrest, in the course of her examination, said that ?be was an 'Irishman', and that sbe was well acquainted with the shillaleh. tone admitted having used & stick in defending her husband from assault by Young, and eaii that she only regretted that the stick bad not been a heavier one, or that it b«d not been a poker. Forrest's evidence was given with such extreme rapidity tbat not one half of it could be understood, and the counsel had the greatest difficulty iu getting at his meaning, particularly with his foreign pro nounciation'. In reply to a question as to Young's condition he said he was in 'good condition for fighting,'* and knocked witness about ' like a bombshell'. Another witness for Forrest (also a foreigner) said that after \- Young struck him be did not see any more; be had had quite enough. Another witness, said that he did not like fighting himself, but he liked to see a good fight very much ! ' A« a strong piece of evidence in favor of it being a general free scrimmage, be remarked .*' Weil I laughed, anyhow,' Later on he let a bottle with some rum in it lie on the ground and be broken in the row, but said it was very n-uch against his grain to do so. Young ?aid he was juBt about '' Boozed ; at any rate pretty well on ' After a careful bearing, the cases were dismissed all round, except the first case, Young being fined £ I and costs i'2 in all. ? CAN THE LEOPARD CHANGE HIS SPOTS?' — Why, certainly 1 if he will use Judsonu l-yes, which give new hues to atl materials. Jndson's Artists' BlacK will put a new 'smile' upon a rusty grate or fender. Judsou's Gold Paint gilds picture frames, cotnicea, &c.; , like the setting gun on a cornfield. Chemists. 8ta i'-uera and fltoreteepurs sell them and good housewlvea buy them. 