The Unpardonable Sin and Confirmed Spiritists. On Sunday evening, August 5, the Rev. J. K. Maclntyre delivered a sermon in the Mount Gambier Baptist Chapel, his subject being the third verse of the epistle of Jude—" Beloved, when I gave all diligence to write unto you of the common salvation, it was needful for me to write unto you and exhort you that ye should earnestly contend for the faith which was once delivered unto the saints." After briefly exposing the evils of Popery, Ritualism, Unitarianism, and some phases of modem latitudinarianiem, Mr. Maclntyre closed as follows :— " I have just time to mention another great evil, and to warn you against being lured into its infernal meslies. I refer to Spiritualism, the professed religion of the Spiritists. This mighty movement that worketh in darkness in these latter days, is one of the most insidious and soul-destroying evils that has been manifested since the Holy Ghost dictated the words of our text. Within a few years it has swallowed up in its unhallowed vortex millions of souls—souls that either laugh at the Bible and its teachings, or interpret the inspired volume on principles and by theories founded by Beelzebub himself. From what I can gather, after a person has gone a certain length in the religion of the Spiritists, and has yielded to its seductions, it is impossible, or next to impossible, for him to turn back. Many people, from curiosity and other motives, have gone a little way into her dark chambers, and then have retreated. If there are any such present, thank God for it. I repeat, thank God for your happy escape. Terrible curses are denounced against those who surrender themselves to such devilries. Yes, the Bible bristles with warnings and curseB against this prying into the unseen, and seeking intercourse with the departed. For some time past I have had the terribly solemn conviction that confirmed Spiritists are guilty of the unpardonable sin—the great sin against the Holy Ghost. It is generally conceded that the unforgivable sin referred to by Jesus was the ascribing to Satanic agency the miracleB performed by the power of the Holy Ghost. Jesus cast out demons and wrought other miracles by the Holy Spirit. Some who witnessed these wonders attributed them to the power of Beelzebub, the prince of devils. This lying against the Holy Ghost was the great sin against the Holy Ghost. But what has this to do with confirmed Spiritists ? Listen! I now hold in my hand a book written by Alfred Russell Wallace, entitled ' Miracles and Modern Spiritualism.' This writer is a recognized standard authority amongst Spiritualists, and enjoys a wide literary celebrity as the author of ' The Malay Archipelago,' «Contributions to the Theory of Natural Selection,' and other works well known in England and elsewhere. I have but time to read one paragraph contained in page 207 of his book on ' Miracles and Modern Spiritualism.' It is as follows: —'Both the Old and New Testaments are full of Spritualism, and Spiritualists alone can read the record with an enlightened belief. The hand that wrote upon the wall at Belshazzar's feast, and the three men unhurt in Nebuchadnezzar's fiery furnace, are for them actual facts which they need not explain away. St. Paul's language about "spiritual gifts" and "trying the spirits " is to them intelligible language, and the gift of tongues a simple fact. When Christ caBt out " devils " or " evil spirits," he really did so—not merely startle a madman into momentary quiescence; and the water changed into wine, as well as the bread and fishes continually renewed till five thousand men were fed, are credible, as extreme manifestations of a power which is still daily at work among us!' Here, then, this stan- dard Spiritist authority declares that the power by which Jesus cast out demons and performed other miracles was the same power which is exercised by Spiritists nowadays. Now, this author, like other Spiritists, repudiates the idea that Jesus was God manifested in the flesh. He belongs to an unholy fraternity who profess to have summoned the spirit of John Wesley before them at their seances, and to have heard the spirit of the founder of Methodism retract what lie had said about the Divinity of Jesus in the days of His flesh. Not content with this God-insulting effrontery, Spiritists have declared that they have summoned the spirit of Jesus of Nazareth before them, and that He has denied His Divine relationship. Without touching on the subject of demons personating the spirits of Jesus, Wesley, and others, does the conviction not force itself upon you that those who even pretend to perform such ' modern wonders' are influenced and actuated by Satan ? If it be true that demons personate the spirits of the departed—and I incline to this belief—the power wielded by Spiritists is Beelzcbubie. If, on the other hand, such spect ral appearances and ghostly communications are to be classed as unaccountable phenomena, or mysteries known to but a few scheming villains, their power is the same— Beelzebubic. Whether, then, we look at spiritualistic manifestations in the light of diabolism, inexplicable phenomena, or the subtle trickeries of charlatans versed in the occult sciences, in esscnce the power is the same ; for, whatever attitude Spiritism assumes in its multiform developments, it gives, or seeks to give, the lie to the Holy Ghost. From beginning to end, therefore, Spiritism stands accursed. Thus, in identifying this power of Beelzebub with the power by which Jesus cast out demons, Spiritists are guilty of the sin which Jesus declared would never be forgiven. I do not know whether anyone views this awful matter from the same standpoint as I have for some time past been led to regard it; but, I assure you, my dear friends, the more I look at the teachings and practices of Spiritists (or, as they call themselves, Spiritualists), the more I am convinced that confirmed Spiritists are irrevocably lost souls, unless, indeed, the sin that was pronounced unpardonable in the days of Shiloh's humiliation is forgivable now—and there is no Scriptural evidence to show that the Jews guilty of this sin were the only people to be eternally lost through its commission. I believe the same sin entails the same consequences. The writer of the book to which I have made reference gives a long list of eminent men who, having gone a certain length into the studies and practices of Spiritism, remain identified with it, and have no desire to abandon it. Just so. Those who have entirely surrendered themselves to these hellish fellowships have been ' given over to a spirit of delusion, that they might believe a lie;' and I can well understand tliat such people have no desire to sit at the feet of Jesus. Their literary reputation, scientific renown, or social status cannot deliver them from the hold of the devil, nor exonerate them from the horrific curse to which they have subjected themselves. This parading of a long catalogue of influential names, instead of recommending Spiritism, tends to condemn it. If men of mighty intellect are bound hand and foot, soul and body, to Spiritism and its fascinations, it proves that God is no respector of the great ones who make so little of His warnings as to commit the unpardonable sin. Some time ago, while referring to.these matters at a meeting in Victoria, a few people, trembling with gratitude tliat they had escaped becoming confirmed Spiritists, invited ine to their houses that I might converse and pray with them. I complied with their request. They told me that they had almost surrendered themselves to the fell seductions alluded to. They had gone a great length in these matters—so much so, that they had often held seances in their own houses, had communications with the unseen by knockings and by invisible handwriting; on one occasion what tliey believed to be the spirit of a relative long departed entered the room, and was seen by all present. The more they indulged in these things, the more they lost the relish of religious teaching. This, together with the fact that they had detected some of the would-be departed spirits with whom they were communicating telling lies, impressed them with the conviction that Satanic agency was at work. They had, therefore, renounced it, and hoped God would forgive them. They showed me a planchete, by means of which invisible spirits communicated answers to questions in writing. I told them to put the unholy thing into the fire. The daughter of one of these poople had been a medium, and wished me to witness her magnetic power in raising a heavy bible by merely placing her hand on its surface. I declined to be a witness to any such spectacle, and dissuaded her against further indulgence in such a practice, if she would avoid being ensnared again. These poor people, while hoping to be forgiven, and while desiring to be considered Christians, seemed to mo to be still under the influence of the spell whicli had so glamoured them; and, like the drunkard who would fly to the bottle again but for the medical warning that another drop will prove fatal, so theBe people at times had a desire to return to the bewitching fascinations of the eeance. This, however, is but a mild illustration of the power which Spiritualism exerts over her votaries, compared with others that could be given. I will just mention one. Mr. Green, evangelist, of Dunedin, who lias done such noble work in exposing the evils of Spiritualism, has recorded in print a striking instance of the diabolical nature of this power. He was sitting in his meditorium one day, when a young man desired an audience. This being granted, the young mail informed Mr. Green that he desired to be prayed for and delivered from a demon that was haunting him. Some time previously he had identified himself with a Spiritist circle, and had bound himself to a solemn promise or oath that nothing but uncontrollable circumstances, such as sickness, would prevent him from being present on the nights of the meeting of the circle. One night he purposely absented himself, when he was attacked by an unseen demon and flung on the ground. His unseen persecutor still followed him, driving him to the verge of distraction. Mr. Green and the young man knelt down to pray; but, during the prayer, Mr. Green heard a noise, and, looking round, saw the poor young man lifted off the floor by an unseen power, and twisted about, and then flung on to the floor—the young man crying piteously to be delivered from his tormentor. Mr. Green had another interview with this victim of the powers of darkness, but he was still tormented by his unseen persecutors. Such horrors—horrors substantiated by Christian witnesses—go to confirm my conviction that people who entirely surrender themselves to the powers that lurk behind Spiritism forfeit the mercy of God—are guilty of the unpardonable sin. You who have escaped being trapped into the cruel meshes of Spiritualism, be warned against this hotbed of abominations, this mother of free-loveism, that has blighted so many homes, broken up so many families, and damned so many souls. Dr. Talmage, the American preacher, in denouncing the evils of Spiritualism, uses the following scathing words :—* If Spiritualism could have its full swing, it would turn this world into a pandemonium of carnality. It is an unclean, adulterous, damnable thing; and the sooner it drops into the hell from which it rose the better for earth and heaven. For the sake of man's honour and woman's purity, I say let the last vestige of it perish for ever. I wish I could gather up all the raps it has ever heard from spirits, blest or damned, and gather them all on its own head in one thundering rap of annihilation.' So speaks Talmage; and we cannot marvel at his impassioned language. If demons could be banished by pulpit utterances, they would fly from the thunderbolts of the Brooklyn Boanerges. But although the flaming oratory of a Talmage cannot keep them away, the warning of God's Word should keep you away from their dark chambers. ' Have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove them.' May ' our fellowship be with the Father, and with His Son Jesus Christ;' and, living in Him who came to destroy the works of the devil, may we always be able to say— ' Thou, 0 Christ, art all I want, More than all iu Thee I fiud.'" 