OUR PARIS LETTER. i>nOM oun OWN COnRESrONnKNV.l Paris. 25th Auirnst. France was progressing favorably, consolidat ing her strength quietly, nnd founding the Re public surely, till she became Eeizcd a few ycarB ago with the mania for extension. She docs not seem to have had a run of luck since she produced tlie Krouhmir comedy. At the present moment her position is unenviable. She lias not a friendly power in Europe, for Russia only assumes tho rClc of friendship in .tho hope of making use of tlio Gauls, either against Germany or agninst England, Her conduct in deserting England in Egypt, and her attitude assumed since, lias not been commendable. It lias mado tho iudioiona grieve. Then has set In that incomprehensible earth liuiigor, involving liltlo expeditions for hopeless ends. Thoso who vontnred to remind France of her follies in attompting to colonise without colonists wero viewed as ac tuated by envy and jealousy ; and the only result was to stimulato Franco to commit her- Bclf moro deeply at Madagascar, the Congo, and, most serious of alt, at Tonquin. While she was thus tightening a millstone rouudhcr neck, and frittering away her wealth and atrcngtli in petty expeditions, If. Bis marck was .patiently occupiod fortifying his already formidable position as arbiter of Europe. To tho Austro-Gcrman aliianco Italy soon was attracted, Servia and Rouinania hnvo becomo-no mean satellites, and Spain is on the ovo of seeking admission into tlio orbit. This combiuxtlon aims at cheeking French re- vongo aud Russian ambition. During tho incubation of theso results, Franco devoted herself to alienating a very natural ally — one, at all events, that never backed ont of what she promised, aud nover hesitated to speak ont And in tlmo regarding what sho disapproved of. The unseemly aiid gratuitously insulting attacks on England, as if she wero a fifth-rate power, liavo for ever laid tho possibility of a future aliianco bo- twecn the two countries. England will hence- : forth be independent, and if not German in her tendencies, will bo' at least indifferent. Sbo may bs said to bavo " out" France. It required no ghost to predict What has arrived. Bismarck comes to inflict, by his plain hint, a terrible blow to tlio amour prapre of Franco. Tlio feeling is concealed, but the weeping and gnashing of toctli are not less real, Tbo curses are loud and deep. Tbo warning note was issued on the ground of being attacked in tho French journals, yet the Germans received of late less diatribes than the English. Excepting a new paper, tho Anli-Prutsku, bought chiefly by Germans who laughed at the contents, no general aug mentation took placo in tho hato towards the victors of 1870-71. Bat thcro was no falling off in keeping alive tho " sacrod memory" of Alsace. This net very unuatural dcBire to repossess what one has so painfully lost did not tend to facili tate tho incorporation of tho new provinces with tho Vatoriand, of which they onco formed a portion — two centuries ago. Tho problem may bo stated thus : — Germany will nover give back Alsaco, end Franco sayu, "You shall — When I am able to tako it." Now, it is to nip in the bud thiB increasing ability or power that Bismarck— viewing tho isolated position and numerous "fixes" in which Franco finds herself by her blun ders, her inconsequences and her intemporato writing and speaking, last, and not least, in such Ministerial papers as the Temps and tho Dibats — hints a fault and hosi- tates dislike. Henri V., Comto de Chambord, is dead, and he can havo no successor. His principles— divino right and tlie temporal power of the church— are entombed witli bim. He has been a pretender since half a century; lias seen tried in Franco constitutional mon archy, republic, empire and republic again, but never could make good his pretensions. In 1S73, when he had tho chance, bis heart failed him; and notwithstanding all his trials and forfeited opportunities, his party, tho Legiti mists, nover forsook him, but believed in him as n fetish. IIo iB a loss only far his party ; Franco has long since forgotten him, and his ideas could not be made intelligible even to tho new generations. His followers may vegetate, liko the Bonaportists, minus a chief, or under a oliief from whom nothing can be expected. Tho Comto de Paris, who succeeds, is in tlio eyes of tlio Legitimists the grandson of a usurper— that Louis 1'hilippo who in 1S20 protested from London that tlio Comto do Chambord was not tlio son of the Duobesso do Berri, bis mother, as bIio nover gave birth to any child. And tbo royalists retorted by subscribing and buying up Cham bord Castle, near Bluis, and keeping it as tho "Versailles for the Comte, wlion ill the natural course of events lie would succeed his grand papa, Charles X. But the latter wns expelled like other French monnrchs ; in July, 1830, ho played whiBt in tho Castle of St. Cloud, while tbo Comto do Chambord amused himself at skittles ; and pending this time Paris was en gaged in a tlirco days' revolution, which led Louis Piiilippo to tlio throne. Charles X. wandered to Hulyrood House, then to Austria, where ho died at Ooritz, in 183(3, and is buried. It is besido bim that will repose tlio Comte de Chambord, the last dirjot descen dant of Hugnen Capct. Tlio Comto do Paris docs not accept tbo right divine views of the defunct. IIo does not flatter himself that Governments aro inde pendent of tho will of peoples. And if lie does not make a profession of faith to for mally take lip tho succession of Henri V., he will bo repudiated by the Legitimists, and if ho does lie will bo oxiled by tho Republic as a rebel. .Already division is in the camp, as some Royalists cry Vice Philippe VII, — tho deceased's ucpliow. The Comte do Chambord exnired yesterday, which was tho eve of St. Louis, on ancestor whose life ho adored. He was baptised by water brought from tlio River Jordan by Cliuteaubriaud, and wub called the "Child of a Miracle," bocauso born seven and a-linlf months after tho assassination of his father, tho Duo do Bcrri, in February, 1820. In consequence of a fall from his horse in 1841 bo brokohis thigh, and ever afterwards had a bait. In 1843, at Balgravo-squaro, London, be formally proclaimed himself pretender, and Louis Philippo's Parliament branded the mani festation as illegal. Five years later Louis Philippe was also an exile in London. In 1840 tho Comte married tho eldest daughter of tho Duke of Modena, recoiviug a colossal fortune. Then he took np his resi dence definitely at Frohsdorf, near Vicnnn, writing fromtlmo to timo letters expressing his lovo for France, and condolence for the fauiilios of his followers, when any of their members died. In 1801 ho declared himself partisan of tho temporal power of tho Popo, but it was only in Jnly, 1871, that ho for the first time took the title of " king." Ono half of the members of tlio Cornells Gtniraux havo been demanding recently tbo suffrages of tho electors. Thoso elections only tako place every third year; the councillors uro occupied witli all local matters relating to tiicir department ; election on tho council board is generally looked upon ns a stepping stone to tlio Chamber or the Senate, Tlio elections are thus eminently political. The Republicans have gained along the wliolo line— proof that tho country is not dissatisfied with tho existing rtyimt. Of 87 departments into which Franco is divided tlio Republicans liavo tlio whip hand in 79 of tho councils, ns there is ono of tho latter for each depart ment. An nlluhion, at least, must bo nmdo to tlio Bonapnrtists. l'hoy organised a few banquets in some districts on tho 15th AuguBt, "Saint" Napoleon's day. At these feasts, wliero thcro was flow of soul, " reason " was nbsenl as well as the onco recognised leaders. Tho speakers showed they were not at all united as under what emperor thoy wished to live. Thcro is not even n breath of n canard touching tho Suez Canal business. The Cnpuict8 and Montagues, it is to ho prosumed, guard their respective positions. If the Jordan valley project can bo seriously launched, that will at onco make tlio Froncli company cavo in, to accord to England an equitable repre sentation on the council board, ns a share holder possessing nearly ono-lialf of the stock, and representing four-fifths of the custom. 8ome praotfcal jokes have been played on the " powers that be." The first was by ft Belgian editor named Boland. He promised to reveal the names of two deputies to whom bo gave a sum of 15,000 franos forwork and labor done, In making tlio worso appear the hotter side of a financial operation. Ho finally declined to snpply the namos to a committee of tho whole llonsc. It was intendod to cxpol bim from Franco but that looked too mnch liko breaking a butterfly on a wheel. Ono l'eoli, apparently in tbe pay of tbo polico, having no work to do, or being short of funds, concootod all tho papers, signatures Btamps, &o.;, from leading Royalists, respecting tho enrolling and concentration of good, men and truo to put down tho Rcpublio. Ho decried tho Polico Minister so far as to imposo on him the purchase of these documents ho was only found out on selling duplicates of samo to a Radical newspaper. M. Bosselibvro is a calico printer at Rouen nnd siuco 1877 has adopted tho plan of allow ing his worlcpooplo to participate in the profits of the factory. In order not to reveal tho secrets of his business to tho hands, he payu them their usual salary, and at the end of the year a percentage of the profits as a favor, in tlio shape of a bonne, varying from 8 to 12 per cent., following tho goodness or badness of the year, and ono half of tho participation profit must be left in tlio bands of M. Besselitvro as an assurance or annuity, carrying interest at four per cent., and payable in full on the workman arriving at tlio age of sixty, or having served twenty consecutive years in tbo factory. In order that the hands may not fcel tho disappointing effects of a bad season, under the head of profits he so arranges his liberalities that a good year will help a bad one. A workman must he fivo years attached to tho establishment cro ho can claim a participation in the benefits. Tlio dismissal, &c.;, of hands, he leaves to a jury composed of tlio workers themselves. He is satisfied with tho results. A crusado has set in against the unnecessary cruelties to whicli animals are subjected to at llio abattoirs, or city slaughtering houses, Somo of tho abuses indicated arc terribly shocking, Alexandre Dumas Fils, having contributed to the oxtravnganco in slago dresses, which produce by example extrava gance among tlio fair sex attending tlio tbcatro, demands a Spartan simplicity iu both coses. Business continues to bo very bad indeed,- and no prospect of amelioration. Tlio sudden burst of fine weather is telling favorably on all growing crops, which are rapidly making up lee way. Seaside pleasure seekorB are very happy and numorous, aud sportsmen arc in excellent spirits at tho prospects of game on tlio 1st of September. 