OUR AMERICAN LETTER. (FBOM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) Wandering Australians were very much sur prised and grieved to hear of the destruction at one fell swoop of that ornnmont to Sydney — the Garden l'alace. It was an institution of which Sydney, and indeed Australia generally, had just San Francisco. December G. months as an exponent of the ornamental and the useful, and also- to bring the Antitrades into greater prominence with the leading' na tions of the world, nnd cement a closer bond 1 of union with them. "lis sad to contemplate i the loss of so refreshing a sight to the visitor to j Sydney — the product of weary months of lalwur, | and a vast sum of money — and the removal of a I convincing proof that Sydney can boast of at least 1 one modern idea, despite the unenviable reputation she lias for being ancient. I presume that even it Sydney bad been possessed of a competent lire department it would have been unavailing on that occasion, as the flames would make too short work of such a combustible .structure anywhere. In this connection I must remark that if there is one tiling more than another on which Americans can pride themselves without incurring the accusation ! of Anthony Trollope alraut " blowing," it is the , remarkable efficiency of their fire departments in all the principal cities. The culogium passed by Sir Henry I'arkes on the San Francisco depart ment is eminently well-merited and correct in every detail. But. probably in front of that con flagration in tho Domain their powers would liave goncfor -nor. However, Australia should resusci tate and improve her appliances for extinguishing tires, and also introduce the paid system, as in America. The result would !>c a national gain to the public at large. The election is a thing of the past, and the Democratic roosters have been represented crow ing lustily in the organs ot that party throughout the States — from the Gulf of Mexico to the Lakes, and from Maine to the 1'acific. The Democrats have carried everything beforo them. A perfect ' tidal wave," as they lovingly term it, has swept Uncle Sam's dominions in favour of the demo cracy, nnd relegated the " bosses" of the Republi can party into obscurity for awhile. .Everything possessesa roseatehue fortbevietors.and they think the Presidential election in 1883 a foregone conclu sion for the return of a Democratic President. The vanquished Republicans assign various reasons for their defeat, but the principal one is that " lioss- ism" had so disgusted the adherents of that party tiiat they had abstained in many instances from voting at all. This may or may not be correct, but, at all events, to use an Americanism, they "got left," and left badly. 1 cannot help feeling amused when T observe the manner in which an election campaign is conducted here, as compared with Australia, and think, if the press in tho latter country let itself " loose," as they do here, what a "high old time" the lawyers would have in libel suits. This mi bridled liberty of tire press brings polities into bad repute, but it lias Hie effect of thoroughly overhauling a man's character, both private and public. They are not pnrticular either way. President Arthur has been getting into bad re pute for his conduct in going to Now York to bolster up Folger's interests in the latter's contest for Governor of that. State. Notwithstanding his efforts, Cleveland, Democrat, got. elected by an overwhelming majority. The President's rebuke is an assertion by Americans that they deem the office of the Chief Magistrate too exalted a posi- tion to ne dragged in to wam-pouues. ins mes sage. sent to Congress the other day, is generally regarded as a very weak production ill tho light of a State paper. Ben. Butler, the veteran, has attained his heart's desire by the result of the. election — the gubernatorial chair of Massachusetts. Mrs. Rangtrv, the "Jemey Rily." whoso long held the sceptre as the Roudon society queen, and who has so suddenly developed into a theatrical star, has alighted on American soil to astonish the benighted Americans with her histrionic talents. As an actress she is certainly not. a success, but as an object of curiosity (like Oscar Wilde, tiie es thetic individual) sin: will probably gather in a large supply ot American dollars. lit fact, I see she lias netted 51, 0U0 dollars for a four weeks' engagement in . New York, much more than an actress who had to rely on her theatrical ability, gained by years of. hard study, could hope to make in that time. The critics here don't seem inclined to regard her from an artistic standpoint, liut merely as a beautiful woman. Oscar Wilde was one of the party who welcomed Mrs. R. on her arrival at, New York. Speaking of Oscar Wilde, a good story lias been going the rounds of gossip about him. Tho inci dent occurred nt Washington during liis lecturing tour. Discussing the merits and demerits of America with Mrs. Senator Pendleton, Oscar deplored the absence in this country of curiosities and ruins, Ac., when that lady made a very withering reply. " As to curiosities," she said, " wo import them ; and as for ruins, they will come soon enough." I presume he saw the point about I the "importation of curiosities." | In the international footrace between Myers and George, which was concluded the other .day, the Englishman vanquished the American fiyor by winning two events out of three. The distances were a-half. three-quarters, nnd one mile, and George carried off the two latter, j Sullivan, the Boston " bruiser." will have his I brawny hands full pretty soon. A match is being I arranged between him and Tom Allen, the English I "pug," after 'which I see by the papers old Jem | Mace is thinking of tackling hira. As for Allen, no one supposes lie will have the ghost ot a show, I and although Mace has a great many admirers, on | account of liis science in muscular Christianity, I I am afraid lie would get " paralysed " by, Sulli van. Christine Nilsson, the Swedish nightingale, is n bout to pay us a visit. .Since she arrived in America she lias been enthusiastically received, and the critics say that licr voice, though not so powerful as of yore, is more than ever sweet and sympathetic. The Marquis and Marchioness of Lome passed through here recently for Victoria, .B.C., where they have been sojourning for some time. They gave some of the "shoddy aristocracy " of that place, who attempted to suggest what " society " they should move in, a severe rebuke. They behaved sensibly, nnd treated everyone without any discrimination. 