HOWARD. [VBOU OTTB own COBBESFONDBNT.] Thb announced candidates for Maryborough are the Hon. H. E. King and Mr. John Hurley, the withdrawal of the former to some other electorate would be a blow to the interests of Maryborough, and it would be impossible for her' to find a better member to take his place. , Afl -to frfy. Hurley we wanted him for Wide . Bay, sorry that he has declined to ,stendj however, our loss will I hope be your gain. Of those spoken of as candidates for Wi^a R«r fchft tvm mnnkfavored are Dr. Power and the Hon. John Douglas; as an untried poli tician ;Dr. Power has our confidence, he is almost a native 4-f vWide Bay, and consequently will sympathise with our wants and wishes: His ideas . -on the great questions of the day are in aocord with Rurrum public opinion, therefore our votes and good wishes are his. As to the ? *Hon-«John £)ouglas^t Vere .almost sufficient to say that bin acceptance of a seat for Wide Bay would reflect honor u the distriot. Well we re ' Inember iiis ! *' stand or falT' by the Gympie railway j?%ell'do we remember his bold stand, in defiance 'of the Imperial Government, to prevent, an inflow of locusts from China ; his bffortslo initiate forest conservancy ; his con ' ;sistent advocacy of land grant railways ; and his well Expressed views on Australian federation. Take him generally it would be a hard task to ', 'find one 'who could claim more ability, more 'political experience,* or mbre sterling honesty of purpose than the Hon., John Douglas... I-con-j sider that he and iMr. King are the two men twhp placed. Maryborough and this district on v tiieir legs.' ^Two men who could be sure of elec tiori in most'bf 'tbeooistal towns of ihe Colony, because they -are -of superior calibre to most 44 diBtcict inembers ;'.they are inen of advanced and statesmanlike views, men fitted to raise the status Queensland 'and prepare her to become » - - S'»iS-mtfln^fc^pnrfcinn ,nf . tha .aomedav great ( t AustrallairFed eracj.~ , . ,-vls ; to.Price, in 'mercy *^bd^dry'bi»vitjV stike, t .will say nought. ' ^ ^Ildiley we consider behind the age, he appears ' ttftiave no dear notions pfj]br at least, ^''sta- bility lm ^ politiwi unlimited oant phrwei) mixed freely with milk and water proverbB, with a strong predilection to petty mischief are the cliief attributes of his political character. If he wore a travelling agent for Weston's wizard oil, where plenty of cheap blatherskite is required, he would shine, but as a member of Parliament for an important district of Wide' Bay, he is a failure, and we cannot afford to indulge his idioByncraoy as the leading Ugbt of our political destinies any longer. As to Mr. Mellor, of Gympie, I need say but littler His beBtlfrhmds have done wrong in inducing him to come forward. He should wait until a second member has been gt anted to tbe goldfield which is determined at any grice to hare a railway to Brisbane. I am told that the Hon. George Thorn, and a few others representing the street of Queensland, have mapped out the coming campaign, and 1 expect to see liberally-paid agitators of shadv principle, but with silvery speech, endeavoring to 'get at' us if they can, that place pelf and power on the one hand, with perpetual squat* : ting leases on the other, are the objects of those i who are so solicitous for our welfare I have not a ghost of doubt. We object to be hoodwinked, even by such an astute wire-puller and brilliant star as the once adored Adonis of Ipswich and able Premier of his adonted land. As a anam. men of the degree of presumption the Queen street camp has attained, this Prince of elec tioneering agents bas stated that tbe Hon. H. King shall be ousted (by his influence of course) for Maryborough. Great Jove ! Has impu dence no bounds ? It appears like it, therefore should we teach such men that Wide Bay iB too independent, too dignified, and too totfe'awake to listen to their cajolery. The ' alliance' will no doubt be as flush of cash as it is of cheek — consequently we may expeot that every dodge will be used to raise c:eed, class, and national prejudices, not for our good, but to supply the j three capital P's, and give the western squatters I interior Queensland forever. 