THE EGYPTIAN REBELS. OAJRO CORRESPONDENT, DAILY SEWS. Tho removal of the -principal politic! pri soners from tho Cairo gaol to the"' places of exile began 'on Christmas day. an<! eorra after tho last of them left for valta, in chargo of Mr. A. M. Broadley, tie senior counsel for the defence, and a si"£lc Circassian guard. This was Achmet Rifaat Bey, Press Censor, and Secretary to tho Council undor Afahmoud Samy-of-parodi, tho rebel Premier, who must, have passed through Bab-el- Alandeb by this time, oil bis way to Ceylon. An incident, very cbaracteristicof thn East, occurred as soon a? Rifaat arrived at tlio platform of tile railway station. In one of the waiting rooms tho ladies of Rifaht's household, 20 of thom at least, were assembled, to Bay good-byo to tho children who wero to accompany their father. Thoy wore all weeping, and somo five or six slouching eunuchs, gross, pulpy, . knock-kneed negroes, not ono of them under 6 foet 3 inches, were, in their own uncouth fashion, doing their best to soothe them. I did not feel sure that the grief was in all cases, genuine. But tin/imitation, whatever tliero was of it, was good— as good as that of tho professional monrnera whom ono so oftep hears in tho sb-cets of Cairo, and who recover their spirits with astonishing suddenness, and wrap up their rent veils in snch a businesslike man ner when tho policeman comes to tell theui their time is up, aud unceremoniously bundles' them off. But "among them was one lady whose grief, though less demonstrative . than that of her companions, was real enough. As tho prisonor stepped on to the platform she rushed out with a wild cry. "Oh, Achmet Rifaat, for the love of God, give mo hack my child 1 " - The lady was Kifaat's divorced wife. Ho passed ou with stolid unconcern, merely throwing a careless glanco at her ill reply to her unexpected appeal. The child, a boy about S years old, was in tho charge of the new wife, who had a carriage all to hcrsolf, and who wa3 sufficiently considerate to lead him to the carriago window in ordor that he might receive his mother's last embraces. To his own comfort, though perhaps not te his own credit, they wero rathor thrown away upon him. And so tho poor lady retired to her corner in tho waiting room, whore sho remained weeping and sobbing for some timo after the train had gone away. Ono of the eunucli3 above mentioned kept guard over the spot. To whom, or what, shall I compare him ? You know tho gorilla in the British Aluseum. Stretch him out to a height of 6 feet, change his bandy legs into knock- kneed spindleshanks, give him a stoop in the shoulders, increase his corpnlenco four fold, put h. billy-cock on his woolly boad, high-heeled patent leathers on his splay foet, a blue tie round his neck, green gloves on his vast hands, clothe liirn in light wnistcoat .and trousers and a blsck frock coat of clerical length, breathe into his capa cious bulk tho breath of lifo, and send him 'shambling up and down- — twirling his sixpenny % cane — and you see before you a tolerably cor rect pictnro, not only of poor Mrs, Achmet .ltifnat's custodian, hut of almost every creature of his calling in'tho land of Egypt. A" more lively, at least it less depressing spectacle was presented during tlie course of the week by tiro gaol, in which Arabi and his associatesawivited with impatience and cariosity thoir approaching release. I visited the gaol on several occasions, and conversed much with Baroudi, Arabi, Abdelal, Tonlba, Ali Fe'nmy, Mabmond Fehmy, Sheikh Ahdu and the rest of 1 them. Thoy wore a poor Bet of heroes at best. Probably no more nulieroic set of men over led a revolution. Tho most respectable mau among them — the most honest and candid, the most capable of being inspired by on idea — is, un doubtedly, Achmet Arabi ; but Arabi is for the most part a dreamer. It may be said of him that ho is more fit to preach a religious war than to lioad one. Toulba is a peevish creature, and somewhat of a coward. The most soldier like of them is Abdelal, who com manded, at Damietta; and the most good- humored, Alahmoud Fehmy, tho engineer, who boasted to mo of his entrenchmonts at Kafr- dowar and Tcl-el-Kebir, and remarked, with a sly twjnklo of his small eyes, that his only re gret was that Arabi did not mako more use of them. As he said this he nodded sideways, in the direction of hi3 late chief, who was stalking up and down the prison cor ridor, with downcast looks, counting his beads. I should think that Alahmoud Fehmy trill ho ths life and soul of tho party in their exile in Ceylon. A round dumpy figure, with broad ruddy face, an equally broad, but most pleasant grin — it can hardly bo called Bmilo — and a hearty laugh, little Fehmy seems the embodiment of merriment. Speaking fluently in French, he told mo that as in all probability ho would havo no opportunity of digging trenches in Coylen, lie intended te utilise his art in another way, namoly by diggkrg potatoes, supposing tho island produced them, and turning farmer. Alalimoud Samy was also, directing his attention to agri culture, and it was amusing to watch tho gravity with whicli the rebellious pair discussed their' chances in that lino. Arabi, I think, will go on reading his Koran, counting his heads, and learning English — and, I should add, dreaming of Egypt. Alouo among his fellow rebels he seemed te feel tho pain of oxilo. But his sombre manner failed to damp the general cheerfulness in tho gaol corridors, into which the prisoners were al lowed to enter from their cells as often as they pleased — where in fact thoy smoked and chatted all day long, received continual visits from their friends, and disputed prices with the sellers of cloth and tarbooshes, who had ob tained leave to go in and try thoir luck. Had the prisoners been at liberty to .call for coffee whenever a visitor appeared, one might have mistskon tho gaol for a sort of " Khedivial Club." I have not added cigarettes, for the good reason that the prisoners had as many cigarettes in their possession as they wanted. On Christmas day the corridor set apart for Arabi and the other chief prisoners was, meta phorically speaking, turned topsy-turvy, and Air. Broadley, mado a capital lord of misrule. The inmates had. learned that the 25th was the Christian Eairam, and they turned out en masse to embrace their portly advocate. Arabi led tbe way, en deshabille — that is to Bay, in a long dressing gown, I mean bed gown — of Rob Roy tartan, and in wooden pattens — an odd costume. It was curious to watch Arabi stalking along, with his heavy stoop, slow, swinging gait and lazy, outward swing of the heels. At first he seemed like a bed- ridden giant going for his gruel ; but the moody countenance brightened with a winning smile as he saluted his friend, more Oricntale. Tho oddest costume was that of little Fehmy. who looked like an English skippor, got up iu tho fancy dress of a red fez, thick sou'. wester, baggy Levantiun drawers of many colored silk, and carpet .elippcrs, down at heels, Toulba looked as if he had in his hurry put on the bed counterpane and tied it about his waist with a sheet. Baruodi was more artistically dressed — in the garb of a Byrouio corsair. Baroudi is the dandy of the rebel leaders. Ho has a neat figure, and ho knows it. His man ners aro irreproachable. With his excellent French, and his fair complexion, he would pass any day for a Parisian man about town. By the way, Baroudi is tho 'only prisoner whom I have not, seen counting his beads.. Whilo overy other mau twiddled his rosary, Baroudi rolled a cigarette, played with his watch-chain, or did something else of an equally frivolous and mundano character. The two most assiduous bead-counters in the prison were two of its most incorrigiblo in- mates, namely,' Hassan Aloussa Akkad, who was raptured in Candia, and Amin Boy Shemshi, tho Zagazig agitator, both of whom shared the same cell. I was passing their door when I hoard some one inside exclaim, "Will you ask thoso hum bugs whatthey arc sulking at, and will you toll them that if wo had not come to their wretched countrytlieirheadswouldhavebeencntoff?" Tho speaker was Mr. Alark Napier, and the above in teresting piece of information was explained to Akkad and Shemslii by an interpreter. "Wherein does this differ from annexation." Sir Wilfrid Lawson might very well ask, once more, had ho seen Air. Napier, the representative of British justice, striding about the room in his riding jacket and gaiters, and tapping old Shemshi's very meagre furniture with tho- butt end of liis whip. "If wo bad not come into your wretched country your heads would bavo boon off. You ought to be deuced glad that ypu are getting off with 20 years." This to Moussa (Aloses) Akkad. -Twenty years ? I shall be surprised if Moussa does not give his future gaolers at Alassawali the slip in 20 months. He has been caught two or thrco times before, and banished for over, and as many times has he returned te the scene of his misdeeds. Once upon a timo he was oxiied to the. Soudan for having intrigued to replace the Khedive . by Prince H.ilim. He offered one of the Egyptian officials at Khartoum £3000 as a bribe to let hira escape. Moussa got off in timo, bnt I very much question if the money was ever paid. In- deed, that same official complains that to this day Moussa Akkad has not returned to him 35 piastres (Ss.), which he borrowed from him on his way to the Soudan. . Moussa is a wealthy skinflint, and capable of borrowing in the above manner 35 piastres any day, even from his gaolers. It is needless to say that Aloassa did not seem to be greatly reinsured by Mr. Napier's reference to tho 20 years. "The doctor who knows that' his patient is 'dying has yet some words "of enebnrsgement for him, bnt you bavs none for mo. Though I smile, my hear t isjbleoding." Such was the pic-' turcsque style in which Monssa Akkad gave vent to his emotions while, sitting cross-legged on the mattress and rugs which served as his bed, ha counted his beads and swayed hi3 body from, side to side. Presently the senior counsel came in, throw himself at full length on Moussa Akksu's bed, hinted that 20 years might possibly be only a figurative ex- . prcssion — "I mean, if you havo friends at Court. No friond ! Then, my good man, you are dono for ; there's no justice in Egypt ; thoy don't even know what tho word means ; every thing is done by favor. We have saved your head for you and the heads of the whole lot of yon, and you ought to be thankful." So Aloussa's last state was even worse than bis first. The sceije -would, havo been worth a corner in tho Graphic , or the Illustrated. Tho restleBS-eyed, sharp-featured, gray-haired Shemshi squatting on his bed in ono corner of tlie coll, Moussa Akkad, palo and very much agitated, on another, the stout 'Senior at full length beside Mm. Across, the room, from wall to wall, was suspended a cord whereon towel, handkerchiefs and other odds and ends were Irang to bo dried — just as if Moussa and Shemshi, both reputed millionaires, had been doing their own washing. As almost every other coil in tho place presented a- 'similar appearance, there cpnld hardly bo a doubt that every rebel was his own laundress, Big brazon ewers, coffee pots, water vessels, basins of inlaid metal work . for . reli gions and other ablutions, lay about Shemshi and Aloussa's prison. In short their cell was a paloeo in comparison with tho frightful dens Which in Egypt are called prisons. They had even a small deal table between them and a chair each and as many soft luxurious cushions as their relatives those,to bring them. Thoy wero comfortably off ; and they were still more so when two pegro servants came in bearing tho two prisoners, very liberal and even sumptuous mid day meal ou hugo trays, "If we had not come into your wretched country," Air. Napier might have added, "your prisons would havo been very different ; you would liavo been thrijst into dark dungeons, forced to water yonr promises from skins car ried on your own backs, and to subsist on ' toko' and ' skilly.' " And very likely thoy would.' It is to bo hoped that the prison re formation now in progress may survive tho withdrawal of tho army of occupation. But meanwhile, it looks just as if the idea of withdrawal wero tho last to suggest itself to tho Englishmen in possession, or tho natives whom Uiey aro fast understanding, and who aro as fast understanding them. Tommy . Atkins wanders about Cairo with tho easy, - familiar air of ono who had mado up Ms mind to. sottlc in tho place. Ho has become accepted as a fact, so to speak, a fixture, a tamo cat of the establishment in virtue of his undemon- strativenes3. . Frenchmen or Germans in Tommy's position would bo drumming and trumpeting all day long about the Boulevards and in tho Arab quarter, and bragging and. showing off in a' hundred other ways, just for. tho " moral effect" of the tiling. Tommy does nothing of tho kind. Ho is the most uhsenso-' tionai of conquerors. - And so it' happens that .Tommy has won tho confidence of thoGairenoS. During tbo past week Cairo and tho'British army havo boon exchanging compliments in tho form of outdoor Bports. For tho first timo in thoir Mstory tho Cairo peoplo havo soon- Highland games just ns they aro per- formed before the Queen at Balmoral. I bo- licvo it is a fact that tho kiited competitors iu the Highland reels were at first mistaken for dancing dervishes. So long as ' tho fun was confined to throwing tho hammer, tossing the ' ic alter " and putting the stono the native spectators showed littlo signs of being in terested ; but they woke up and applauded when the first dervish, in his short petti coats, mounting the platform, began spin ning and pirouetting like mad over a pair of Grossed swords. Wakl vxth! it was wonder ful, and so unlike the Friday performance by tho dancers of tho true faitli in old Cairo. But then it is tho Inglczi ; it is their way ; tbey aro a peoplo of unequalled energy, and thoy Bhow it in thoir religious rites as well as in their battles ; wo are all tho creatines of Allah ; wo strive aftor 'Allah each in his own . way. Praise be to Allah andthis Prophet ! The performanco by the, Highland dervishes took placo in tho fine large square opposite tho Abdin Palace, near the spot where the review was hold aftor the IChodivo's entry into Cairo. The mention of theso Highland dervishes re minds me of another odd misconception on tho part of a native — to wit, " Achmet Arabi, the Egyptian." While tho roviow was going on Arabi stood watching it in ono of the barrack windows overlooking tho square. " What's that ?" he said, quickly drawing himself up, as tbo wild skirl of tho bagpipes broke for the first timo on his cars. " This is Arab music without a doubt. How did the English learn it ?" Tho official who was in charge of him — I forgot his name — tried to explain that themusic was indigenous British. But Arabi fortified himsolf with history, aud oven proved that tlio Highlanders were not British. And lie re peated an old Arabic legend about 70,000 Arabs who loft the hilly parts of Arabia to take service under the early Roman emperors. " They went away to Rome," said Arabi, " and they never again retnrncd ; bnt," and hero he. nodded in the direction of the square, " it is possible that they havo come back in tlio per sons of their descendants. In any. case that, grand music could only havo como from Arabia." In courso of timo nativo Cairo may learn to become loyal to the Khedive, tho protege of those foreigners who, though so strong, arc so undemonstrative and considerate, who ore merciful, yet so just, .and who bring monoy into tho country. But what of tho interior of Egypt? Having travelled about it a good deal of lato, I have come to ; tho conclusion that his Highness and the Palace party have scarcely a friond left among tlio fellahs, if indeed they ever had any. This is hard npon a ruling Prince and a Ministry who are so compliant with every, oven tho slightest, wish or ghost of a wish of their protectors. No fellahs tnmed out the other day in Zagazig to welcome Suleiman Bey Abaza oil his liberation from the local gaol. They waited until Suleiman's canal boat had got out of sight of the Aloodiriyeh, and then in hundreds they swarmed upon the canal hanks, seized tlie towing ropes and dragged Suleiman aud his boat in loud triumph to his coontry teat, three miles off. The ICliedivial officer who applied an abusive epithet to hi3 recruits near tho same place a few days ago said more than ho meant. He had 800 recruits, to be conveyed by train. Considerable numbers of them were in chains. After the train had left the officer discovered that somo mou had escaped at the station. So he bronght back his train aud went in search of his unpatriotic deserters. I do not know whether he captured them. But from his manner it would appear he had been unsuccessful. " Scoundrels, swine, and tho cMldren of swine, you aro all rebels, 'all Arabists, and you de- deserve to have your throats out," ho - ex claimed, a3 he went stamping up and down tbo platform, in his wrath. Tho spirit of dis affection is universal in tlio country districts, but it is anothor tiling to say that the euro of such disaffection is beyond the skill of the diplomatists who are now shaping tho desti- nieB of Egypt. Tho endeavor to cure it will be prosecuted vigorously now that tho incu bus of the Arabist trials has been removed frpm the Ismaalia Palace and tho British Em bassy. And newspaper correspondents, too, may thank Heaven that they havo seen the last of tho prisoners and find themselves at liberty to pursue their inquiries farther afield, and into more important questions than Turco- Egyptiau intrigues. 