THE LAST MOMIFNT The City Corouor will hold an iuqucat this Mlornoou on tlio r.ii»tDs qt a pri.onor nainsd lioiiry I'atoq.iffed (JO yonra who died euddetily in the Molboutno gaul on SVurdey. Tlio doccnced who wee n uoLive ol M -fiM ,1 -1 1 1 n-i: ----- to Root for twolvo month, by till) Oity MoRUtroto oil tbo 5tb Im-t for v.Rrnnev. Jomea Brnatil, aged 40 yonra, omqloyod by tbo Oily Onnnoil, was coining from tha Cor poration 'lip' whltbor bo hod goao lliia morn ing to diaolmrgo » lood ot ruhlii.h, wltcu a borro bo woa driving bolted nod thro» him out of tho oart. Tlio wlitoi pareod ovor hi. right leg, causing a Coiojioouii fracturo oi that limb, Brnr-oll wna oonveyod to tho Mol boutno Hoapltal, whoro ho wua ndinitlad, At tho Flomiugton Polioo Court to day boforo Mr John Davio. nnd a Bonoh ot Mngi.tratco, Owon Giiffen ol tho Fntmora' Arm., Uourko street, ivaa ptoooodod oRninnt by tile ICaoiao Do- pwlmoot under tlio (ith Ssotion of tbo Twdo Murko: Stotuto, for adulterating Q.TDK/, gin. Mr Loonnrd appoarod to dofond, SBotoro ony ovidenco waa tniron tho oifonco was nd» milted, and &uudor; these oircmr-stances only n nominal penalty 'woo nskod for, Micliaol Rcody, Inspector ofJElRaisa, deposed to visiting defendant's both at tbo Flomiugton Racecourso on tbejSOth nit, end finding tho gin prodtteod. Wbon examined by an expert it v/os found to bo 20 '8 nndor proof, nlthongh tho root strength of tho Tannine spirit wna usually prcol. On boing qaostlonod Dofomlnnt admitted having mixed foodawator wilb tbo gin, In oonsoquonco of tbo ohargi not boing prossod, tho bonoh fulliotod a fino of L2 with L2 2s coats, Dr Youl hold an inqniry to-day Into tho circnmitoneos attending tho doath of Jamas Marshall, whoso body waa fonnd in tho Ynrra noor Frinces Bridgo on Saturday, Evidonoo wos given that tho deceased wos 55 years of ago, a shoeblack, and had boon living at a lodging house in King street, Ho wao Inst soon alivo on tho 5th inet. Ho bad boon suffer ing from an aouto attack of diarrk-m and ",-bad nn luloortjon ono of his legs, whiob oooasioned bim oonsidorablo trouble. Ho bad bson board to ooythat if bis hoolth did not improve ho would commit suioido. A vordlot was rotuinod that doooasod bod been fonnd drowned, nnd tho jury woro of opinion that bo committed suioido whilet of unsound mind, . At tho I'iUroy Conrt this morning a man named Goorgo Gbnrobmon wne brought up on tbreo ahnrgos, namoly for inaalting behavior in a public plnco, unlawfully assaulting tho landlord o! tho Goorgo Hotel, nt tho corner of Webb and Goorgo oireots, and wilful damage to proporty. Churchman, according to tho ovidenco of Oonstabio Iinnignnj wna standing ot tbooornor of tho stroota nomod, Ho waa tending in a fighting attitude, and whoa tho oonstabio approached ho ran into tbo public- house, Lanigan immediately oftorwarda hoard a crash, Frisonor was thon givon into ouatody by tho landlord of tho hotel. It ap peared thnt when Churchman ran into tbo publio honso ho aoizod two bottloe of portor, which woro standing on tho oonntor, and throw thorn at Mr Evano, tho laudlurd. If 'bat gontlomnn had not stoopad dawn bo would most assuredly havo roooivod a nasty wound. For inanltlng behavior prifonerwnsfinod20sorn week in gaol, for ibc assault a fino of -10a wao i&iliotod; with on alternative of 14 days' imprisonment, and for tbo wilfnl damage prisoner was lined Ii5 with 20\. coBts iu dofanlt two monthB in gaol. William Jnraos Strnohnn wns brought up a tbo Fitzroy Court thia morning and remanded nnlil Monday noxt, Thoro aro eovorel charges ot forgery and passing valaoloBs ahoqueo agaiast bim. Mr Wrixon proposes to ask in Ike Assembly to- morrow what is likoly to be uotaltogothor agreeable to membore of of tbo lata Govern ment. It is whether provious to tho late dissolution tho monoy (avnilutalo nndor tbo thon last Supply Bill) una drnwo in n lamp earn nndor the Govornor'B warrant at tho in Btsnco of Ministers ont of tho publio aooonut. end placed in soparata naoonnts ont of tho control of tho Audit Commissioners, nnd undor tho control of tho Ministers of tho vari- ono departments, and if so what was tho amount certified by tho Oommisslonors in such warrant to bo legally available It is possiblo that on thia a dobato may arieo on a motion for adjournment of the Honso in order to enable members to oxpresa their opiniono tbat tboir control of tbo pnblio oxpendituro is mora Ibcorotiaal than absolute, and the oxisting ar rangements uuintisfaotory, The otho- questions aro unimportant, and tho Government will pro ceed with ;tbo consideration of tho remaining Estimator. As little, wilb the oxcoption of tho -Payment of Mombers Bill, remains to bo dono, Ministers nntioipato tbat tbo session will con- dado on Thursday evening, and tho Legislative Council will therefore ba asked to moat on tbat day. Tho Mayor and Councillors of Frabran waited upon Ibe Minister of Justice eo-doy, to elicit bis opinion npon an objsolionrnisod to the appointment of tboir ex-Mayor, Mr M. H. Davies, as a justice of tbo ponoo, on the ground that snob was not consonant with his position as a practising solicitor, The Minister Baid that tho foot ol a gontloman nominatad to tho commission of tho ponoo, being also n practising solicitor, wonld not deter the da- psrtmont from appointing him, bnt he oonsi- derod it wonld bo deairablo that any gontloman so solcotod should adopt tho praotioa ho had himHoll niwsyo pursued and obsqain from prootising in tho Foljoo Court. Tho Supplementary Estimates for the year bavo been aiooBd, io tbat depntationista want ing monoy will havo no opportunity of obtain ing any nntil tdo Estimatoo for 1383 4 are prepared. Tho offices of the Cslontta Exhibition Coma misalon wero opened to-dny at tho old Troasnry. Fromisos have boen mad o tha contributions will bo sent of ooddlory, buggies, onitablo for tbo Indian roads, jams of varionst kinds— Indionot being prolifio in fruit produo tion— wines, wool from tbo Goolong mills, and drain pipos which would oervs no good deadweight instead of ballast forthohorso tiansports, A cironlar is at ouca to bo Issnod to exhibitors at tho Molbonrno International, and it io anticipated that tbo ohoraotor of tbo exblbito will bo mnob mora variod than was at first snpposod. Tboenit of Merry v the Qaacn io ouao mora to engage tbo attention of tbo Law Courts, M Merry's representatives declining to bo longer content with tho original eum paid as a compromise. Ao tbo Crown in tend to bold the trustees of tbo sum banded over as a oompromiso to their bond of indemnity they are virtually defend ants in tbo enit, and havo tborafore applied tbat MGB&ra; Crisp, Lewis and Hedderwiok their solicitors, bo also retained to ropresen tho .Crown, The request has boen oomplled with withont prejudlco to tbo right ot tho Crown solicitor to intervene at any timo. A man unmed Goorgo Worriok, ogod 53 years, and residing nt Oremorno otroot, Rink- mond, mot with a) nasty aooidont at the Flindera stroot a ation on Saturday night, Be foil from tho middle platform and was Bligbtly braised, Ho ie both doaf and blind. Persons wbo advocate opooiol training of boys intended for commercial pursuits will find in the onso of Harper v. Blair, wbioh waa argnod in Banoo to-day, a toxt for a Ieotnre. Tho application was to set aside an award ol arbi trators, and it was mentioned by Dr Madden tbat tbo whole tronblo arose ont ol a want of knowledge of geography by the oontwoting potties, Tho action originally waa by Robert Harper end Co, against David Blair, to Yo'oovdr " L100G for ceftuiog to elgn r charter party for, chipping B rice from a Japsnetn port. Tlio matter wot then referred to arbitration of threo gontloman ono of whom, howovor, (Mr Archibald Coirlo) did uot oof, and tbo othor two mndo tho award, which was now sought to bo aot nsido, on tliogronndni tvo arbitrators having mado tho nirord without tho oonsaot or knowlrdgo ot tho third. Tho dispute arose through Mr Harper's brokor mentioning lhat Kobe, the port from wbioh tbo rico woe tD be got, was 10 miloa from Yokohama, Mr Horper thought it was BO miloa distant, whilst, in fact, it was SCO miios from Yokohama. Th i Oourtjrceoivcd ila decision m tho rub ! .Inu- luto. Joseph Lauronoo nnd Samuel English woro charged at tho Oity Court to-dny with the tliof of 25a. in silver nod a silvor watch and ohain tho proporty of William M'Jamiot, tho licon- Hiio of Itrontou'o Hotel, Spring street. They wont into the hotel yestordoy and asked for drluka, hut tho barmaid rolosod them. Ooo of tham tbon wont into a room whoro Mr M'Jonuet was anleup, ood aftor thisy had gono tho moooy nnd wotok woto misBOd, Tlioy wore rcmandad for a week. Two youug lads unmod M'Oorm-ok and Wileon reooivod n well morilod sontonoo nt tho Fitzroy Court to-dny. Thoy woro charged with innnlting behavior on tbo 3rd inet. at tho coiner of Johnson nnd Nicholson sticois, Tho youthB in oompnny with a number oi others oro in the kubi ol congregating thoro. Thoy nro ill particular a groat nnnoyanoo to tho proprietor of a etoro a' that oomtz. When aiked to go away on tho evoning named tho two prisonori gavo insulting answers nnd throw otonoa. Thoy woro linod L10, or thrco months in gaol. A yooDg mnu named John Spoocor, a member of tho Eogincor Corps, wna aontoncod to eix months imprisonment at the City Court to-day for obtaining a musical box and a olook, valuo nltogothor at L20, by moana of a valuolose ohcqno from Henry Marbe, furniture doolor, etc., of Elizabeth street. Tho General Traffic Mnnrgar of tha Rnil- woy department bno received a report otnting that on tho evening ot ink inot, when about a mile and half on tho Ballnrat aiao of Worron« heip station, tho driver stopped nnd piokod up a largo pioco of timbor wbioh bad been placed across tbo Boo, Six windows of tho oarrlagea of tbo Sandhurst train were aiao broken on Saturday, Special enquiries will bo mado into tboso affaire. . During tho honriog of a caso in tbo Equity Oourt thia morniDg, a witnosa stated tbat he had boen in ono continual drunk for a period ot two ycara and a half. Ho said tbat be bad suffered from delirium tromona for a ioDg timo and during this attack bad signed tha dona- montB wbioh woro tbo oanso of this suit. A man natuod Churchman, when askodlfiio had anything toaay when ho was charged with insulting bobaviur, wiliul domago and assault ing tbo landlord of tho GoorgojHotel, Wobb stroot Fitzroy, at lha Fitzroy Court thia morn ing, replied tbat ho wont to tbo above named hotel yoatcrdoy nnd got drunk. Ho wont thia morning for a roviverand as tho landlord refused t-j givo him a drink ho bcoatno imuoyo J. ' IE it was uot for Sunday trading I would bo bappy this morning,' be said, ' as would many otbor poor devils with largo familioa.and wonld not bo hore. Ha wub u hard working citizon, and asked the bonoh to romombor whon Doing him tbat tboy were injuring hie family. Nothing seoms to danut tho raioaily fellow stho is aoting ' tho ghost' nt Moroland-rosd, tbo boundary botnoon Brunswick and Coburg. On Saturday night bo wue obsorvod crossing the road, and eomo of thoao lying iu wait immediately started in pursuit, but bo provod too lleot of foot, although bo bad a vory nar row oscapo from rocoiving a blow from one party, Stronger measures ore to bo resortod to nnloss tbo stupid fellow stops hi pranks. A telegram appears in a morning contem porary to tbo offootthotfbo Austral kos no yet been docked at Sydney, nn l that if eho is not dockod nt that port tboro io no dock in tho oolonia capable jof taking kor in. Mr Wilson, th officer in ohorgo of ports nnd harbors, howovor reports that tho Austral can ba docked bora i i tbo Alired Graving Dook. Tha Central Board of Health having re ceived information tbat tho drainage of tbo St Vincolt do Faut Orphanogo and of tbo Daylosford Hospital is of an imparfoot char- actor, has placod tho sorvicos of lta ougineer at tbo disposal of tbo antboritics of those institu tions on thoir making application for tho aame through tboir looal boards, A caso of typhoid fevor in an adult rooontly occurred in Watorloo stroot, St, Kilda, and it woe fonnd on examination that a oesBpit in a bad steto of repair and liable to leak wbon full oxlctod on tho promises, The Inpeotor of Nuicnnoos, to: whom thg ox letenco of this was not known, has therefore boen instructed to make a bouse to bouso Inspection of tbo borongb, and to take proceedings against all porsona failing to romovo any oause oi nuiaonco when called upon to do re, A publican in giving bis ovldsnoo at the Fitzroy Conrt to-day, ttatcd tbat a man assaulted him in bie bar tbio morning, and on going outside to givo tbo man in charge) 1 for a wonder found a pollcoman.1 Tbo adjotirned examination of Mr Abrom Goldberg, of tbo firm of Lovio, Goldberg Bros, and Co,, wos to bavo bsoa resumed to day at i bo Insolvonoy Court, but wbon tho oourt mot, Ms Wisowouid mado an application on Abram Goldberg's bebolf tbat his ex amination Bhould bo adjourned, as be woo too ill to bo oxnmlned, ;Tho inaol- vont was present and on being aworn stated that he was fovarish, and not in a oondltion to bo oxomined. His oxnminalion wao tbora fore farther adjourned till Wodnoaday. J James a bookkeopor in tho firm's employ, wao then coiled and oxnminod by Mr Former, but nothing of any special importance was olioited. In tbo Dlstriot Court tbia morning a con- riotion, ono of tbo first nndor tbo 157tb section of tbo Morobont Shipping Aot, was rooorded against Oapt. R ood, of tbo otoamship Wokolleid. TboBeotion in question forbids the oarrying oi seamon withont ontoring into ortloles required by the . Aot It was allogod tbat defendant did not abido by the seotlon in taking a man named M'Ooy on tho 23th Maroh from Fost Fhilllp to Macqnarrio Harbor, The ohargo was laid by tbo aoorotasy of the Seamen's Union, Bnd MrjGillott appeared tor tbo prosoontlon, The offence was proved and Mr Oall fined ths defendant 40s, with 40. costs, Ono of tho Company's 'busses on the Brnn. wiok route acme to grief this morning throngh tbo trocos giving way and tho polo breaking. Tbo passengers wore transferred to anotbor vobiole. No ono was injarod in oonnootlon with tho mithnp. A transfer of tha lioonso of the Bandridgo railway refreshment rooms was granted to Mr D.Grant, from Miss Mulligan at the Sandridgs Court to day, Tho dolivorlos of whoat and float: at tbo Spencer otroot railway Btatlon on Hataiday wore C87 and 483 bags rospootivoiy. 