SFaESe MEAT FRO0 RUSSIA.-Australia, it appears from the following extract from the ,Mark Lane Express, is likely to meet with keen competition in the frozen meat trade from an unexpected quarter. Our English contemporary says a cargo of fresh meat has been landed in London from Libau, a Russian port in the Baltic. The meat con sists of beef and mutton sent over in dry air refrigerating chambers, such as are used in the case of meat from the United States. This is a very significant circumstance at this particular time. It is thought that very little dead meat would come from the continent of Europe if the cattle traffic was stopped permanently, but who can tell what may result from this small beginning. Rus sian cattle and sheep have been prohibited for some years, because in Russia they have .rinderpest always with them; consequently Russia has gone into the dead meat trade. 'Why should not Germany, Franco, Den. mark, and the Peninsula do the same thing ? Because they don't want to; and, as Lord Carlingford points out, they are not likely to make a commencement until the cattle traffio is permanently stopped. For some months past Russia has been sending frozen poultry from Black Sea ports, and very ox. collent it is. Now she is making a start with a trade of greater importance, and one which may grow into dimensions which have never been dreamed of here. It is never wise to despise the day of small things, and this cargo of fresh meat from the Baltic ,may be literally the first drop of a coming deluge. It would be strange if Russia should becomoe a rival to the United States 'in respect to her export of fresh meat rfter checkmating that country last year with her ,exports of grain. Stranger things than that have happened, and may happen again. It .has boon stated that this Russian fresh meat-not frozen meat-can be laid down in London at 81d. per lb. ., GNALOoIOAL.-ThI rot00or-" A very mnieo-looking young woman, Gilson. Did I .hoar rightly that she was your daughter ?" 'Rustio.-"'Yes, sir, she war-Bussy war ?" The rootor.-" How do you mean-was ?" Rustio.-" Well, you see, sir, faitheor, ho :mnrried again, and in courso I called. his "idluns ''mother,' and when he 'died she married Bill Tomkhins, son o' Jack Tom kins, and Inm blessed if my Susy didn't set .up and marry Jack, who war a freshish old chap. Now, what I want to know is, ain't ,,Sunhy.uny grandmother ?"--Punch. ; It'Cas at the close of the wedding break fitpst. Ones of the guests arose, and with gl?hi in hand, said-" I drink to the health of thoe groom. May hl see emany.y diysn lk this!"' The intention was good, but the bride looked as if something hnaddispleansed her. T?IE NATIONALISATION OP TIHE LAND is a question which is coming to the front, but is at present but vaguely understood. Some would buy up all private estates, others would be content with only ceasing to sell crown lands, and adopting the perpetual leasing system, which is already one of the forms in which land can be obtained from the state. The experiment is about to be tried in Otago on a considerable scale. The land is to be let for 30 years at 5 per cent. on its present value, with conditions as to perpetual renewal at a fresh valuation when the term expires. It will take time to familiarisoe our agricultural population with this system, which is only popular with theorists. There is something to be said in its favour, as in a measure it secures the unearned increment to the state; but thirty years is too long a term in a young colony without revision of rental.-Correspondent Federal Australian. SrTILL AriAD.-Smith Washington, an aged coloured African, whitewashed the fence of an Austin banker for a dollar and a quarter, which the banker paid him in Mexican quarters at par. Several days rolled away into eternity before Smith Washing ton had occasion to put one of those Mexi can quarters into circulation, but when lie attempted to do so he was shocked at the twenty per cent. discount. His feelings were hurt, too. He lifted up his voice and said: " Jess ter think ob a banker, in whom I had ebery confidence in de world, beating me out ob a quarter ob a dollar. I 'lowed he was an honest man. I hadn't orter tuck do job in the fust place," and then he added more cheerfully : "But of I hadn't tuck do job to whitewash do fence I never would hab found out whar do chickens roosted, and as I sold four dollars' wuff ob chickens next morning, do bank hain't cotched up wid me yet."-Texas Siftings. " The rough" seems to be " a-growing and a-blowing" with the spring flowers. Whatever punishment is accorded to him (and indeed it is slight enough, unless he robs his victim as well as jumps upon him) he announces his intention of doing " on his head." He is powerful and very merry. Why should not these thews and sinews, and this regard of other people's pain, be utilised for the benefit of the state, instead of, as now, being the source of misery to his fellow-citizens ? Why not form a ruffian regiment, well officored by persons who understand such gentry ? Let this be always first on the rota for foreign service -that is for fighting. Opportunities would thus be afforded to those who had really any good in them for distinguishing them selves, and if the rest were extinguished it would not be a national loss.-London Town Talk. A ghost of the past, Henry Russell, still walks London. How many people who beard him a quarter of a century ago sing ing A Life on the Ocean Wave and other of his own ditties would suppose he is yet alive ? But he is, and very much so, being one of the heartiest and jolliest companions anywhere to be met with. What his ago is no one is bold enough to guess. But as he sits at tho' piano and trolls forth some of his old songs, or as he walks the streets with upright figure and sprightly step, no one would take him for more than sixty at the most. He retired from his profession at a moderately early age, having made a substantial fortune, which he invested with more success than professionals usually do. Since then he has lived a happy and contented life, residing for a considerable portion of the year at Boulogne, and some times at lamxsgate. He is now content to live in the growing fame of his son, Clark Russell, who has lived part of "a life on the ocean wave" to some purpose. One of the most remarkable suits ever tried has recently come to an end in Boston. It was brought by Lizzio Gaunon, a child of tender years, against Father Fleming, who was called in as her spiritual adviser. The child had two paper dolls or "angels" to which she attributed a certain supernatural virtue or potency. Heo took the angels away from her, and she immediately began to suffer in health to such a degree that she brought a suit against Father Fleming for 5f000 dol. The judge charged heavily against the plaintiff. Under his instructions the jury returned a verdict of one cent. damages. Some very startling statements as to the great and growing increase of illiteracy in the American republic have been made by the Rov. Joseph Cook of Boston in a pro lude to one of his Monday lectures. He says :-Five millions of the fifty millions of the population of the United States over ten years of ago cannot read; six and a quarter cannot write. Of the ton millions of voters of the United States one in fiveo cannot write his name. The nation is now charged with the education of oighteen millions of children and youth. Of those ton and a half millions are enrolled in pub. lie and private schools; but the average attendance is only six millions. Soven and a half millions, or five-twelfths of the whole are growing ulip in absoluto ignorance of the English alphabet. At thie present rate of the increaso of the number of childron now not attending school there will be in ten years more children in the United States out of schools than in them. A railway in Oregon does .a profitable business, although a hand-car and push-ear or trolly constitutes its ontire equipment. The road, which is about five miles long, was formerly used by the Utter Coal Conm pany, but upon its suspension a few years ago the engiuo was taken off, a hand-car sunbntituted, and a lucrative business in goods and pa.sengor trafllflo started, the charge being 10/5 per ton for goods, and 2/1 oeabh for pasosengers. The construction of the road is peoouliar. Although running across marshos and along hillsidues whore construction is comparatively easy, it curves lilo a seuorpent, and is the only road in oxistence whore a curve is made to pass around a tree stump. A yokol saw this sign in a barbor's win dow the other day-" Boots blnacked inside." Ieo could not for the lifo of him thinkl why anybody wanted thIe inside of his boots blaeltned. The circuit of London sindorgroumd rail will soon be comploto. The last bit of tunnelling to connect the nMansion Iolso Station with Aldgato in now being finishOid, and then trains will be able to run from Aldigato, in Whitoohapol, the ontiro circuuit of London to Hammorsmith and liclhmonid, and bane again, without change of rail. 