LECTURE BY THE HON. JOHN I DOUGLAS. Last evening ft capital lccture was given in j the Town Hall, by the Hon. John Douglas upon , the subject of ' The Transcontinental Ksihvay , and the future railway policy for the colony.' | Thoro was u largo audicnco, who listcnod . with j rant attention throughout the discourse. I His Worship tho Mayor (Mr. Alderman Bryant) presided, and on introducing tho lec turer stated that the hon. J. Douglas had kindly consented to doliver that lecture at the request of various friends in Maryborough. No one was more conversant with the subjoct and bettor able to express his views upon such an important quostion. (Applauso.) The Hon. JonN Douglas, who on rising was received with rounds of applause, said he always took a deep interest in anything connected with tho progress of the colony, (Hear, hear.) The subject ho had to deal with that evening was one that most seriously and materially affected their condition as a progressive community. He must say of the community of Maryborough that it had kept well abieast of the timoB. Although they had sometimes boen considered a little too much in advauoe of the times, circumstances had proved that they had taken a correct yiew of tho railway extension roquired for their dis trict and for the colony in general. And when somo years ago they wero lagging somewhat behind in connection with railway extensions they sent him to the front and charged him with t.lin dutv nf pinrGsainp their oinnions and ffivinf! effect to their hopes in connection with that matter ; he did that to the best of his ability, availing himself of tho best of the spirits con nected with the party with which he was con nected in order to advance their interests and tho welfare of the colony at large. That was a subject in which both parties need not con tend, except in honorable rivalry. He took that opportunity of referring to a matter in connection with railway extensions and with rcforonce to a Btatemont made by tbe present i Minister for Works. Mr. Macrossan, the other ! day at Townsvilie, in a speech which in many re spects was an excellent one, made a statement which a little startled and amused him. Mr. Macrossan said ' During the time be had held i ofllcc he had made 493 miles of railway and | there were at tho present time 250 miles more in progress. During tho last four years the last Government held office 180 miles of railway were made — that iB, for every mile they made we have made two miles and threequar ters.' Now that statement was literally correct and he supposed Mr. Macrossan considered him eelf justified in availing himself of the literal correctness of that statement to havo a crow over his predecessors. The inference which thoy and others would draw from that statement would bo that Mr. Macrossan had initiated, carried out, and completed those railways, and thereby that he laid claim to a larger amount of liber ality, as it is called in theso days, over and above tho morits of his predecessors in office. The real facts of the case were that during the last four years there had been opened by Sir. Macrossan 466 miles of railway. With the exception of 32 miles on the Southern and Western Railway and 32 miles on the Central Railway the whole of those railways were concoivcd and carried out to a great extent by the previous Govern ment. Thoy did not question the fidelity by which he had carried out those linos, and did not grudge him the share be had taken in the construction, buthe claimed that 1 lie was qualified in claiming on behalf of thoso with whom he was connected, the right to say that they initialed those railways, and that they, to a great extent carried them out, and whatever honor attached to the burden and heat of the day, attached itself to the Govern ment which had preceded Mr. Macrossan. (Applause.) He made that statement without wishing in any way to detract from any due claims Mr. Macrosssan might have as a railway Minister. During the last 7 years they had done a great deal, and for a country bo widoly scattered and sparsely populated, they had done as much and more than any other of the Australian colonies. Such being the case, it might well be anticipated that they would do 1 more in tho future than they had ever yet accomplished. (Hear, hear.) With regard to tho construction of railways such as they had hitherto constructed, tbe scheme of the Trans continental Railway was to a great extent ' acccssory to the ordinary construction of rail I ways along the coastal country. When they first anticipated the construction of the Mary borough and Gympie railway, they remomberod there were other linos projected. The line to i Gayndah was projected as in itself more justi fied than even the line to Gympie. Still those I who decided that the Maryborough and Gympie I railway was the first work to be carried out 1 were ' wise in their generation,' and by con necting the two principal places in tho district, both possessing considerable population, they had laid the foundation of considerable traffic, of which no one doubted. From tho first start i that railway had paid, and that was tho best encouragement for other railways. Last 6CSBion, funds wore provided for other railways in that district. No doubt such funds would be voted, within certain limits, for the further ex tension of railways in the coastal dis trict of Brisbane and in the Wide Bay and Burnett distriot. Parsing north ward, only last eeteion a number of small lines were passed, one at Mackay, and another at Bowen. The lines at Mackay, Port Douglas, Bowen, and Cooktown, would all re quire more money tlian had already been voted ? and would have to be completed - because they formed part of the coaetal railways which were imperatively domanded by the inhabitants of thoso districts. Nothing less than four or five millions would be required for the completion of those railways. There had been a little scare amongst some people at the possibility of obtaining more money for tbe pur pose, but lie bad never participated in those feeling;. Ho behevod the. credit of the Australian colonies was as good as ever it waB, and under proper govern ment their credit would remain as good in the next five years as in the past five years. He thought there were a growing number of people in this country who were beginning to seo that if thoy could carry out a systematic plan of rail ways right through tbo interior of tbe country without going to the London Stock Exchange to borrow the money for the purpose, they would be conferring a great benefit' on them eolves and on many others who would make this country their home. They could immensely add to tho resources of tho country in that way. ? It was said by some of hie old friends witli; whom he had been associated -n Government, that they had done .very well, and should keep on the same old £ines, borrowing monoy to construct railways. But had thoy^duly con ceived anything adequate as ,to the immense extent of their territory. Queensland was twclvo times the sizo of Eugland and Wales. It used to be imagined that the whole of it was dosort countiy, but tho greater portion of tbo coast was good forest country, and it was dis covered to be ono of the largest and ,finest graz ing countries in the worlds The desiro'to utilize that country had been partially recognised by the fact that it had boen part of tho policy of both Governments in office to push on the three great latteral linos to tho interior In order to gain access to tbe interior. Those throe great unes were the Southern, Western and tho Northern Railways. Tho Southern -extension had nearly reached the Mitchell, and Contral lino had reached Bogantungan, and the Northern line was only completed , as far as Charters Towers, lie anticipated that it would bo 2 or 3 years'beforo tboBe lines would be 6ompleted. They all knew that tho -Transcontinental Rail way had not only been long talked about, but aftorlong negotiations an agreement had been: made and if it suited Parliamont-tp ratify the same it would doubtless be carried out. In fact, so far back as the days of Collier iand Co. it was talkod about and anticipated that they might make a railway right through to the Gulf of Carpentaria. (The lecturer herp pointed out on the map of Queensland the line the Trans- . . continental Railway Co. had agreed upon lately, showing the alternate blocks of l^id.to.he.. granted to them on tlie completion of the lino.) He said it must be admitted that a lino in at direction hod been by common consent reed to m ft liae whioh Slight be t.h considered as tho trunk lino, tho bock-bone lino passing through the centre of Queensland without any engineering difficulties to over come. Everyone of the points of the railway thoy were now constructing — to the Gulf of Carpentaria on the one hand, and to tbeBourke and the Darling on the other, would havo to bo curried out to the great Australian trunk line. They agreed that the conEtruction of that line was one that would suit their requirements, and open out a vast extent of country. Referring again 'to the vast territory of Queensland and comparing it with the thirteen' states of America, bethought that country- wwi big enough to make big men of the whole of them. That was a thought which ought to nerve them to a Bcnso of consciousness of the responsibility resting upon them, and ought to arm them with resolution to £ive i effect . to Mieir policy in a manly manner. (Applause.) He hod watched the [negotiations that had taken place during the past 2 years in connection with the ? ranscontioental Rail way. He had long been an advocate for Land Grant Railways; For tbe last 12 years he 'had been convinced that it was the only way by which they couild sufficiently develop the re sources of their vast interior. He was fortified in that conclusion when , be visited America and saw how much had been done there by that very same system. ITherc they had a country intcracctcH by 100,000 miles of railway at Ihe present time, more than the wbole of the mileage of railways in the rest' of the world. They had chiefly -been con structed on the land grant principle. They wero often told that there had been a great deal of a- jobbery' in oonneotion with tboBe land grants, but at the same time it had resulted in enormous benefits to the people themselves, and caused immigration and settle ment of a large population throughout tho length and broadtli of the land. (Applauso.) Those pooplo enjoying the democratic form of Government would not be such fools as to con tinue the land grant system unless by doing so they were advancing the interests, of their country. (Applause.) They must not thorofore be scared as children wore scared sometimes by the ghost stories whioh were told them by their grandmothers. They must 4ot be scared upon the possibility of a certain amount of land jobbery being carried out i by that transaction. There had been a tremendous amount of jobbery in connec tion with their Crown Lands and thero was at the present time. It was inherent in tho existence of Crown Lands. They did the best they could to prevent that, and they were quite &b; competent to provide against that as they were against any of the evils of tho present time. There wero evils connected with their present South Sea Island trade, and it had to be cautiously watched, but they had not to bo de terred trorn making use of tbo&e; islanders on that acoount. AU they had got to do was to take the -best steps . in their power to preventthem becoming preju i cial to their social condition. (Applause.) As compared with the whole area of Queensland, and considering the immense advantages, to rbo conferred by the trunk line, tho alienation of ' those alternate blocks of land did not eeem to him to be extravagant. He considered the agreement now proppsed by the Transcontinental Railway Syndicate as infi nitely more advantageous than- those bargains that have been made lately by the /Canadian Government. He was extremely sorry, to see that the Warrego Railway Bill was not 'carried. It would at any rate have been a commencement He differed from Mr. Macrossan as to the difference between the proposals for tho Warrego and the Transcontinental Railways. It seemed that the Warrego railway people were anxious or willing to get the railway off tbeir hands as soon as possible. He did not regard that as a satisfactory bargain at all. After showing the advantages of the powers pf resumption and other clauses in the Transcontinental Railway agreement, and the ultimate settlement of f an increased number of freeholders and others on the land, he remarked that the great Americau immigration agencies in England and Germany were tho outcome of tbe land ^raut system. There were claims in the settled districts where tho population had gathered togother, and at the ' present rate of constructing railways it would take up all their funds for the next 10 years to come. They could not, therefore, go oyn' the London Stock Exchange and ask for 6 or^7 zni- lions more to construct the next trunk line. He hoped o parliament would be elected which , would carry out that undertaking to the^im | mense advantage of themselves and their poe | terity. They must not suffer themselves to bo contaminated by any notions that because there had been a certain amount of jobbery in America or England tbnt they 'should be subjected to the very same process, They would take very good care they : were 'not. Messrs. Griffiths and Dickson hact been travel ling up north recently, and they had made cer tain discoveries. Tbcy had arrived at the.con elusion that while it was necessary to ' extend the present line it was desirable to leave it thero. They had discovered that the squatters, storekeepers, and bullock drivers did hot require the Transcontinental Railway. (Laughter.) Ho never knew squatters and bullock-drivers who did require railways, but he was thoroughly convinced that they were both benefitted by tbem in the long run, so that he was sur prised that they did not discover that railways were not wanted in the country at all. Another objection was that if they make a port at Point Parker, it ; would . destroy the value of the port on the eastern coast. Mr. Rutledge had appealed to the people of Cooktown about tho existence of the Gulf of Carpentaria. ; He (Hon, J. Douglas) did not think any {harm would be done by. creating an additional port. Tbcy wero no poorer since they! had created the ports of Rockhampton, Townsvilie, or Cook town. At the same time they had increased their facilities and intercourse as well as fedded to thoir resources. 'Tbe same might Ipe said of Point Parker. Great objection? were made by some jpoople that in going over the border to New South .Wales we should damage the trade of our own coiintiy. Thoy professed to bo all one country and to be friendly to them. Thoy talked about the. tariffs of New South Wales and those '-of Queensland, and as to taking away their tr&de;/lpt them challenge them to try, and 'they would do it themselves much moro effectually through tho agency of the syndioate than, thrown the Government, probably owing to the deferential rates. There might be - many tdifficul* ties to overcome in a soheme !.o£. 6uch magnitude, and ? objections .to .answer. This great nudertaking. will .do much to knit togetbor the great Australian colonies'. (Ap plause.) ? They ought to construct ^fieir great railways in such a way tliat the 'people inhabit ing the .-different -.countries. - nygljt jqommunicate as f ncely ,as /possible, and that trade suould cir culate from end to end' throughout that vast dominion. (Loud as-d continued applause.) After a hearty vote of thanks liad been accorded te the learned lecturer for his admir able discourse on so vital a - question ^followed by a similar compliment to the MayoWor pre siding, the people dispersed; 