NEWS OF TliE DAY. It is announced in onr cable messages tins morning that the fivo prisoners who wero tried at tho Liverpool Central Police Court on Wed nesday, on a charge of being concerned in the recent attempt to introduce explosives into the Liverpool Docks, were all committed for trial. A barrister who lias been em ployed in New York by Tynan, the alleged "Number Ono," who controlled the actions of t'oe Assassination Committee in Ireland, has stated that Tynan is perfectly willing to surrender himself to the English authorities, for the purpose of allowing a thorough in vestigation into his connection with the Irish outrages. The Nihilist party appear to ho as far advanced as the Czar in their preparations for the forthcoming coronation, The activity displayed by members of the faction has led to the arrest of fifty men sup posed to he actively engaged in the movement. At » meeting of the Aborigines Protection Society, on Wednesday night, the right hon. W. E. Eorster, in referring to the New Guinea question, strongly, urged the expediency of nnnexing tho island, and suggested that the basis of the annexation should bo similar to that of Fiji. It is asserted upon good authority that Sir Hercules ltohinson, who recently returned from Cape Colony, will ho the next Governor of Victoria. The first of the gnnboats ordered by the Victorian Govern ment from Sir Win. Armstrong and Co., tho well known ship building firm, will be launched on the 0th of June. The K.M.S. Home passed Cape Borda in ward at one o'clock this morning. Yesterday being the birthday of her Majesty Queen Victoria was celebrated as a general holiday, and though the day was cloudy it remained fino throughout, thus en abling those who attended the various sports to thoroughly enjoy themselves. In the morning a well attended lerfe was held at Go vernment House, and a review of the local forces was held in the afternoon at Albert Park, when thero was a good mnster of both volunteers and the public. The Hunt Clnb held n meeting at Plemiiigton, which was well attondod, as also wore a sports meeting at the Melbourne cricket ground, the football match between Hothatn nnd Guelong, nnd other sports that had been arranged. The occasion was celebrated in the usual way in the Bny by the vessels lying at anchor ami at the various piers displaying a profusion of bunting aud giving the sailors a certain nmount of licence. At norm a royal snintc was fired from tho guns of n.M. colonial stoani frigate Nelson. In the evening tho place3 of amusement were crowded. The autumn meeting of the Melbourne Hunt Clnb was held at Flemington yesterday in the presence of a satisfactury number of spectators. The first event on the card, the Hurdle Race, fell to Stormbird, Merry Maid second and the favorite, Wild Harry, third. Tim Ballarat representative, Egerton, won the Queen's Birthday (Stakes, Welcome Jack nnd Squireen filling the places. A fino contest for the Steeplechase resulted in the victory of Vaulter, tho recent Caulfield winner, who beat Black Jacket in the straight after the latter had led by a number of lengths from the start. Stampede, who was placed third, was over 200 yards behind the winner. Liddington won the Corinthian Plat Race, with The Ghost and King Charles Becond and third. The last named was first announced as the winner, bnt the board was taken down immediately and Liddington's number placed first. Tho Selling Race fell to Anagram, Liddington second and Caisar third ; and Squireen carried of! the Plying Stakes, with Cirsar and Sir Charles next. The Birthday meeting in connection with the Adelaido Racing Club had to be post poned yesterday in consequence of heavy rain. Telegraphing lato lost night our Adelaide cor respondent states that heavy rain still con tinued. He adds that the events arranged for yesterday will bo run off to- inorrow should tho weather be at all favorable, and that the races fixed for to-morrow will take place on Mon day. None of the public offices were opened yesterday, the day being observed as n strict holiday in honor of Her Majesty's birthday. The banks, law courts, and all the warehouses and other places of business were also closed throughout the day. At a meeting of the Hawthorn Railway Accident Arbitration Board, hold on the lOtli nit., aletter.was read, signed by II. Moss and others, in which a protest was innde against a Mr. Beisentlial having been awarded £400 damages for injuries alleged to.liavc been sus tained in the Hawthorn accident. The letter contained the following statements : — " In the first place it has been stated this gentleman was not in the train at the time, bnt the follow ing can be proved. No other place of business has been established cither next door or in his neighborhood, as stated in his evidence; and' again, he ha3 been seen from that time to tho present both walking about and working at his trade. Now, gentlemen, we consider the public have quite enough to pay through this unfortunate accident without paying the largo sum of £400 to a man who, iu any case, is un deserving of it." We have made inquiries into these allegations, and have ascertained that tliey ore not borne out by fact. In justice to Mr. Beisenthal, it is but fair to state that his claim was heard and the damages . awarded, by a jary in tho Supreme Court, and that his case did not come before the Arbitra tion Board at all. Between seventy and eighty gentlemen sat down to a dinner, which was given ,'ast even ing at the Metropolitan Hotel, Hotbam, for the porjiose of presenting Dr. Lloyd with a testimonial in recognition of liis long and faith ful services to the community as chairman of I the Hot!) am bench of honorary magistrates, Mr. Hugh Lonnon, .1.1'., presided, and pro posed the health of the guest. On behalf of Dr. Lloyd's! admirers he also presented him with a gold watch and chain, together with a hand somely framed and illuminated address, ex pressing appreciation of the services the re cipient had rendered to the community during tho eighteen years lie had acted as chairman of the Hotham bench of magistrates. Dr. Lloyd replied to tho effect that ho had nover any other object in view than to do liis duty, and ' the consciousness of having dono that to tiro best of his ability was for bim n sufficient re ward. llefeltgratefiil to them, however, for tho kindly manner in which tlioj hod appreciated his ctrorts. Among thoso present wero Mr. Laurens, M.L.A., and Dr. Rose, ML. A. Apologies for absence were received from Mr. Servlco, Mr. Berry, Mr. Kerferd, Mr. Gillies, Mr. Deakin, the Mayor of Melbourne and others. The Conservative organ has discovered another maro's nest in connection with the Victorian railways. In a sub-lcndcr in its issno of Wednesday it bewailed the obstinacy of the department in not having long ago adopted tho American check system for passengers' luggage. "No better system than the one obtaining in tho United States," says tho writer, " has been devised, nnd we arc at a loss to understand why tho Railway depart ment did not bring it into operation long ago. When Mr. Elsdon was in office he was preparing to introduce the American check system, of tho advantages of which lie had hnil practical expenoncc, bnt changes in the department nO'ecting his statns in 1881-2 caused the denired reform to be (rat off, nnd aftor bis retirement no more was said or thought about it." An opinion is afterwards expressed "that tho existing practice, which is calculated above all things to give travellers vexation an.! send their luggage astray, ought to bo superseded by ono more in keeping with the times." Wo are informed on very good authority tlint as a matter of fact the system of issuing checks f$r luggage has been iu force on the Victorian railways since the 1st Sep tember, 1874, nnd that those who have in. vested 2d. in the book time tables issued by the department have had tho opportunity of learn, ing the nature of the arrangement any time during the last nine years. A meeting of the City Council will be held on Monday afternoon. A number of reports from various committees will be brought npfor discussion. Amongst these is a recommenda tion from tho public works committee that Little Flinders-street, between Swanston and Queen streets, be laid with wood pavement. The cc 'it, which is estimated nt £2000, is to be i provided for out of the £200,000 loan. The public works committee also recommend that the duty, amounting to £5S Ss. Oil., paid by the Electric Light Company on an engine which is to he used on an experimental light in Eliza, beth-slreet, mid which is to be taken out of bond for six months, should be advanced by the corporation on condition that it bo repaid when the engine is returned to bond or sold. Tho president and councillors of the Slure of Darcliin, at their lust meeting, received a de putation from a number of ratepayers, asking that a sum of money should he voted for the expenses of a ploughman, residing in the shire, in competing for the prizes offered in the Grand International 1'loughing Match to take place at Krcildouno, on the ioth July. The president (Cr. W. II. Wilson) declined to entertain the application. By tho Local Go. vcrnmcnt Act, he sniil, it was out of the (lower of the members of tho council to vote the ratepayers' money away for such purposes. No auditor wonld sanction the expenditure, and ho would prefer heading a private subscription list. The suggestion was adopted, and before the council rose one-half the amount required was subscribed. Mrs. Hainpson, tbe female evangelist, ad dressed a very large assemblage at the Wesleyan Church, Lonsdalc-street, last night. She delivered a long and earnest address upon tho text " Wash and be clean." If her hearers followed the teachings and example of Jesus, their lives would become purer, and they would bo raised so as to be beyond the ills of scepti cism and the world. The invitation had been issued to all to accept the higher life. Who would be to blamo if they were left outside the temple of blessed atonement ? Tho address was listened to with attention, the audience being sensibly impressed by the evangelist's fervency of appeal, hire. Hampsou will conduct a mis sion service at tho Town Hall to-night. In nn article upon tho suitability of tho Grampian stoue for the front of the Houses of Parliament, the Pleasant Creek Hews writes : — " It was said nt tho time that the only efficient test for audi stone was that heing exposed in a building, and that in the case of the English Houses of Parliament, a small building should have been constructed of the material, and tried by the wear of two or three years whether the atmospheric conditions would affect it. This is precisely the test which the Grampians Quarry stone lias had. The Stnwell court house hn3 keen built for a longer period than the term named above. The iront part, built of tho Grampians freestone, has improved in color and in stone ever since. Tho ornamentation is as sharp and perfect as tho day it left the workman's chis-d. The stone has increased in dinrdiiess with the exposure, and at tbo present time tile front is incompar ably superior to anything that can be pointed to in Melbourne. The ability to make tho above statement is wlint the delay lias gained. The lapse of timo since the local court was built has proved in tile case of tho Victorian stone that the decision of the experts was right, just as in the ease of the English stone it proved that the experts were wrong. Tho best of all tests — the test of time — lias btcii applied, with the result above stated." The question of opening tiie Public Library and' (Museum on Sundays is dealt with by the Hhepparton News from a country visitor's point of view. The following occurs in tho course of an excellent article: — " It is worth while consider ing, from the country visitor's point of view, this question of, Sunday opening of our prin. cipal public institution?. A visitor puts up at an hotel as a rule. Weil, wo may take it for granted that there is not much inducement for him to pass his Sunday there, at all events. What is he to do ? After breakfast lie reads the newspapers, for lack of anything else may hap. or takes a stroll. Probably lie goes to listen to tho discourse of some clergyman of whom he has heard as a superior light, returns to his hotel for dinner — and then? What would our Sabbatarian friends suggest he should do? Go to church again? That would be rather much, we reckon, for tho majority of people. Morning nnd evening are the generally accepted periods of service, and there is tho vacuum of the afternoon to be filled up. Nobody, would suggest that reading papers or drinking whisky in an hotel is the best possible modo of spending that spare time. He will go, without doubt, ontsidc somewhere : to the seaside or some outlying subnrb. But with tho National Gal lery open on Sunday afternoon tho problem is sol ved. He will go there, of courso. ' There are sermons in stones and good in everything' to thefinitinted ; there ore sermons in pic. tures to all. Like parables they appeal to the universal consciousness, and to those who . are willing to learn convey lessons of a high im. port and elevating tendencies. The man who could gaze on Esther, John Banyan in prison, or the departure of the Pilgrim Fathere, with- ont having a better life stirred within him is not to be envied. And the landscapes of Buvclot nnd Guernrd convey impressions second only to those inspired by the origi nals." Tho following gloomy picture of the pros pects in New Zealand is drawn by the liruce Herald : — " Tho prospeot for the coming winter in New Zealand is by no means as cheerful as wo would like to sco it. If tho Horning Herald is to bo credited, there is much commercial depression in Dunedin. There are many vacant houses and unoccupied shops. We are not altogether surprised nt this, as we have for long thought that not only Dunedin but all the larger towns in the colony were overbuilt. From many country districts, notably from Tapanui, tho samo tidings reach us. The quotations for grain are not particularly encouraging, and appear to imve a downward tendency. The unem ployed cry has .already been raised, and with the cessation of threshing, and other operations requiring casual labor, will become tolerably general. The exportation of frozen meat is regarded by many as likely to benefit tha country to a largo degree, but it is an industry which does not employ much labor, the profits of which aro not widely distributed, and which is likely to raise the price oi meat, and so injure rather than benefit tbe working classes." ' ' There are on board tha steamer Westmeatb," writes the New Zealand Herald, " consigned to tho Auckland Museum, two Maori beads, pre served in the old style. It appears curious that such articles as theso should have to bn seut from London to Auckland, but so it is, Within the Inst few years even, a good many heads could have been procured in New Zea land, but thero were many reasons against making any attempt to preserve the heads of those killed in battle as museum specimens. As it was desirable, however, to have speci mens, we had to fall back on London. There was in the old days, and before New Zealand was a colony, a great demand for these heads fvr collectors - in Europe, and Mr. Mnuing, in Old New Zealand, gir.n n ghastly humorous sketch of hsw it vs.". carried on, telling how, when the heads of well tatooed chiefs slain.in were scarce, tho Maoris wonld tatoo artistically the face of a slave, kill and eat him at the proper time, and sell his head. The trade in heads went on till the mnseums in Europe became Btocked, aud then it yielded to the inexorable laws of supply nnd demand. An opportunity lately offered to obtain two beads in exchange, nod this was taken advantage of by Mr. Cheese- man. The method of preserving these heads may almost be termed a 'lost art,' as it might well bo, for the Maoris have been sadly out of practice. Probably the Inst attempt at preservation was made on tho head of Captain Lloyd, of ono of the Imperial regiments, who was killed in a skirmish at Ahtuihu, Taranata", His head was carried about the whole country, and the natives used to perform their Pai Mariro dances before it." The Roman Catholics in New Zealand ara agitating for an alteration in the Education Ant The iVete Zealand Herald states : — "Pe- titions will be prepared in the several dioceses for presentation to tbe General Assembly, and tho Catholiclnityinvitedtopign tliem. Ithasnot yet been definitely settled what form the pcti- tion should take, but the leading objects to be kept in view are what is known as payment by results in Catholic schools, with Govern ment inspection, or a direct Government sub sidy banded over to the church for educa tional purposes, on tho basis of the proper- tion of Catholics to the whole population. These petitions will be Eont up from every part of tho colony to the legislature when iu session. His Lordship Bishop Luck holds that Catholics cannot conscientiously use the State schools, inasmuch as education worthy of the name can only be given concurrently with Christian teaching, and that it is unjust to tax the Catholics to maintain schools they cannot use, and then have to pay out of thoir pockets the extra cost of maintaining, their own deno: riu'national schools. Ho states that whether the church succeeds or not in the object set before it, the ngitation will be persistently maintained. until the Catholic claims in the matter of education are satisfied. The Catholics are keeping a strict watch on the working of our education system, nnd anticipate that they will be prepared to show that it is becoming sectarian aud unfair. They anticipate being able to make out a case which will convince fair judging men." The London Standard Says : — "A letter from our special correspondent in Madagascar gives a picture of 'the industrial resources of tho island which is not less replete with Inter est for our merchants and capitalists than fer tile in suggestion to onr statesmen. A land of such promise ought to attract settlement. On the vast and untouched store of mineral wealth which fires the imagination and excites tho hope? of the Creoles of Rduniou onr correspondent docs "not care to dwell. Sugar- planting was first attempted on a serious scale four years ago, and already the estates yield nnnnal profits of 15, 20, and oven 80 per cent. Here, surely, is an opening for British capitalists, who look with all bnt despairing anxiety for safo fields of Invest ment. Tactically, there is no limit to the area available. The plantations which bur correspondent visited, and which he de scribes with snch enthusiastic admira tion, form bnt a speck of the western const lnnd awaiting settlement ; nnd on the eastern side is a similar belt from 20 to -1U miles broad and several hundred in length. In more than one respect the island enjoys ad vantages denied to other sugar producing I'liinen. Tho deep rich virgin loam forms an ideal soil. Tho cyclones which devastate the crops in the islands to tho west never touch Madagascar. The rainfall is so abundant and so certain tlint no artificial irrigation is neces sary. There are all these things to fill the mind of the planter with pleasant anticipation ; and further, the scenery is of n kind to soothe and delight the eye." Dr. Simms will deliver a lecture on Lore, Courtship and Marriage, at tho Athenisum, this evening. The Federal Minstrels continne to draw large houses at the Victoria Hall, and the patronage accorded to the entertainment lut evening evinced no diminution in the popu larity of this very amusing troupe. Mr. Wybert Reeve nnd his admirable comedy company again appeared at the Bijou Theatre last evening in the sparkling comedy For Love or Money. There was a very large attendance, nnd the entertainment, which was received with marked favor, was brought to a close with the diverting farce Obliging is Friend. There was a moderately numerous audience at the Opera House last evening, to witness tho repetition of Mr. Geo. Darrell's drama, The Naked Truth. The drama will be with drawn after to-night, and on Saturday evening another of Mr. Darrell's plays, Transported for Life, will be reproduced. The Highlanders at the Scotch Fancy Fair, Emerald-hill, had an immense share of patron age last evening, the hail being inconvenieutiy crowded. Their performances, a3 usual, were highly appreciated. Tho procession of pipers, Highlanders and Indies, in brilliant costume?, was received with great satisfactiou. A .-.pedal programme is prepared for to-night. At the Melbourne Deutsche? Turn Verein last evening, r.n entertainment was given by some German colonists in celebration of her Majesty's birthday. The evening's amusement consisted of two comedies, in which the fol lowing amateur? took part : — Frau ltosson, Fraulein Burmeister Basch and ilwcn Diirre Marsehner, Daugers 1'atltiz Hasse, Schneider and Wassermann. At the conclusion of tht dramatic portion of the entertainment dancing was commenced, The Theatre Royal was crowded last even ing to witness the spectacular play of Henry V. Mr. Geo. liignold, in the title rMc, acted with great spirit, and the audience was demon strative in applauding tho patriotic sentiments which arc uttered by the prominent characters in this historic play. The excellent scenery and the general completeness of the Rtage ap pointments, together with the good average lii-trinnic ability displayed by the actors who appear in the cast, should ensure a prolonged run for Henry V, It is almost superfluous to say that the Kennedy concert at the Town. Hall had a crowded audience last night. Every inch of space in the auditorium and on the platform was utilised, and the hall presented quite a packed appearance. The entertainment by Mr. Kennedy and his family was received with tokens of thorough appreciation, and was fully as enjoyable and successful ns the several preceding ones. The next concert is to take place to-morrow week, the 2nd of June, when tbo entire proceeds are to bo handed-, to the 'ilel bourne charities by Mr. Kennedy. 1 Tho Temperance Hall was crowded with an audience numbering about 2000 persons last night, at the extra People's Concert given by tiie Total Abstinence Society, and the programme provided appeared to give the utmost satisfaction to 'all present. The lion's share of the programme was furnished by Mis3 Georgio Smithson, who appeared lint in Pictures from Real Life, and after wards In the burlesque pantomime oi Mother Shipton, impersonating during tb« evening about thirty distinct characters. She was ably supported by Mr. James Ho!- lowny, who appeared as Porapey, n negro servant, and Telegraph, a sprite, and kept tho audience in roars of laughter. Between tho pieces Signer Bartclio, who is designated the man serpent, went through a variety of extraordinary feats of tumbling and contor tion, and Miss Minnie Campion danced the sailor's hornpipe. Miss Dwight presided at tho piano. 