TUEP GOSSIP. Br Autos. Another Champion Meeting most be reckoned among the things of the past, and though the fields were not large in eereral of the events, the racing on the whole was of a very brilliant character. Two events were won by half-heada, another by three quarters of a head, and a fourth by a neck, and it iB gratifying indeed to know that the two principal events of the day were the closest and most exciting. Dharringtle had revenge on Lady Hampden for the defeat he suffered from her at Caulfield, and nobody, I'm snre, begrudged to see Mr. Donald Wal lace's colours in front. In fact, one of the pleasant featureB of the day was the Bnccess that attended good sportsmen. Marina's defeat in the Normanby Stakes was a sad blow to the hundreds of backers wbq had put down their money on her behalf; yet her overthrow ehonld not have surprised anybody, for though the filly had done well ever since the spring meeting, it was more than an ordinary task to set her to carry a 71b. penalty and win. Only once has this two-year-old Btake been won by Hie winner of the Maribyrnong Plate, and that was in the season of 1875-6, when Newminster ac complished the double victory. Archie, the winner, iB an undoubted good colt, and quite bore out the reputation he brought to Fleming ion when he ran for the Maribyrnong Plate, in the Btart for which he turned round and waB left at the post. R. Rowe deserves plenty of kudos for training the colt and riding him bo well, and though he has for some time retired from an active participation in hurdle races and steeplechases, this success in one of the great two-year-old races of the year may induce him to sport silk a little oftener on the flat. Warwick displayed very brilliant speed, but the tendency to shift again loBt him a great chance of accomplishing an im portant victory, for he " ran all over the shop" and must have lost some lengths by this proceeding. That he is a brilliant animal there cannot be the Bhadow of a doubt, and if ever he should settle down into a straight-goer be will some day repay Mr. Smart for the 2,000 guineas he gave for him as a yearling. St. Lawrence did not disgrace himself, for be was beaten only three-quarters of a length, and as be carried a 41b. penalty there cannot be mnch to choose between him and the two that finished in front of him. Mr. Dc Mestre has a couple of very useful colts in Cupidon and Waxlight, and both will pay their way ere they leave the turf. Boolka won the. Yarraville Stakes like a racehorse, but one cannot digeBt that lm. 40s. given by the official timekeeper, and I think there cannot be any donbt that the lm. 44s. by private watches was mnch nearer the mark. Odd Trick was eo well treated in the Mid summer Handicap that one could hardly look any further for the winner, and being in splendid condition, he pulled through cleverly, though I don't know now it would have been had not Lesbia hong towards Mistaken. The St. Albans stable appears to be clean ont of lock just now, bnt doubtless it will change ere the season closes. Never in the annals of the Australian turf has there been a more exciting finish than that which took place for the Champion Stakes, and it is to be regretted that Navigator's two days' illness ehonld have interfered with him. Bnt for that he would probably have finished alongside Commotion and Guesswork, both of whom fairly eclipsed themselves. Remem bering that they twice had to meet the full force of a strong sonth-westerly wind, the performance was a great one, superior, if anything, toKingof the Ring's. Commotion, who is foil of Touchstone and Melbourne blood, with the 8tout strains of Venison and Defence thrown in, is so great a performer, and possessed of such a splendid con stitution, that it will indeed be a pity if he is ever allowed to leave Victoria Guess work, by bis performance, fully justified the food opinion always expressed of him by Mr, 9\. E.' Dakin. It is said that Commotion would not have got home had not Morrison, who was at the half-mile post, shouted to Trahan to go on, and he then set-to on the •on Of Panto, woo an with all the game nesa which is charasteristic of the family. My own impression' is that Guesswork would have won had not Jessie taken him' alougin the first mile and a half. The Hon. W. Pearson was fortunate again in the Three-year-old Handicap, which he won with Magnet, who is a rare-bred one, as he is by Vagabond from Magic Lantern, by Fire works from Phantasmagoria. The wind-np brought ont a field of useful youngsters, the beet of them being Ike, who cooes from good families on both tides, as he is by Pis cator from Lady. The affaire of the meeting were conducted in a, manner which mast have been satisfactory to Mr. Byron Moore, whose assistant, Mr. Milee.as usual did good service In the weighing enclosure. The race meetings I held at Sydney and Adelaide were both very snooessfnL The Hon. James White received tome consolation for his defeats at Fiemington by gaining a victory hi Tattereall'e Cop with Morpeth, the very handsome son iof Goldsbrbugh mid Goldfinch, who figured tevMal times at Fiem ington without gaining a winning bracket. The beaatlfnl trophy patented byMr. B. E. Jonse, and manraactur d by Mr- T. Aloock, thus gose into the ban la of a good1 ■parts mari: Morotan, who ' ron the Mares' Pro dnoe 8tak«e, is: a eon >f Maribyrnong end Sorepa, ahd hea thengore two etrains of Fisherman oonreing through bis veins, : It is satisfactory to know Mitt another liberal supporter of the turf ia Mr.-John Crosier was sncoessfnl in the ptmd|Ml event at the Adelaide Racing Club peering with Bava naka, who won the N^YearaGUt. It ia quite certain now that the gallant old grey has not altogether lost hiB form.' The " mixed " meeting at Elstemwick-park last Saturday was only moderately success ful, the international cricket match proving too strong a counter- attraction. In the principal trot of the day Iffie imported American trotting stallion, Len Bom, gave the pnhlic a' taste of hia quality, and this handsome grey easily dis posed of those opposed to nim, albeit Brown i Hawk defeated him in the first heat. The other three, however, were easy things for the Yankee, who it is said, in the third I quarter of the aecond heat trotted a quarter I mile in 37eec., equal to a 2.28 gait. His best mile was 2.39J, and 1 expect to see . him reduce this considerably before another Beacon comes round, for the horse has not long finished stud duty, and probably will get down into the twenties some day. Mr. Roberts is certainly lucky in possessing two such horses as Ltn Rose and Boccaccio, and it is to be hoped be will bring one or both of them out for the big. stake in March next . j Owners of horses are reminded that entries for the Rochester Handicap, Hurdle Raw, and Selling Race close on Wednesday next, January 10. At the Campania meeting in Tasmania the principal event, the Campania Plate, fell to a horM named The Barb, a son of Horatio. The Melbourne Cup winner The Assyrian was among the starters, but in consequence of bis rider breaking one of his stirrup leathers his chance was considerably inter fered with. Principal among the handicaps of the autumn iB tbe chief item in the A. J.C. pro gramme, the Sydney Cup, to which the lead ing club gives 500 sovs., or 200 sovs. more than the V.R.C. adds to the Australian Cup. For years the A.J.C. has had four days' racing in the autumn, and, as a consequence, the meeting has been the most successful held in Auatralia during the back end of the racing season. This year tbe Sydney Cap is again the piice <te resistance, and owners of horses most not forget that entries cIom at 4 p.m. on Monday next, and to snit the con venience of Victorian owners as well as those of New South Wales who may be in our midst, Mr. Byron Moore will receive their nominations at the V.R.C. office. On the Bame day, at the same hour . and tbe same | places, tbe entries for the Hawkesbury Han dicap will be received, and as a sum of 300 bovb. is added to the event there onght to be a numerous entry. Victorians, as well as the racing men of the other colonies, will remember that the entries for the Australian Cup and Newmarket Handicap also close at 4 p.m. on Monday next. For the Newmarket Handicap I ex pect to eee a very large nomination, because there are so many horses that can get the distance, and I daresay there will be a pretty fair list for the Australian Cup, though not more than half the number that will be nomi nated for the Newmarket Handicap. The Tasmanians appear to have had a successful race meeting at Carrick on Box iDg Day, though the attendance was not so large as in the previous year. Mr. C. E. Ralaton won the jumping double. Hurdle Race and Steeplechase, with Morven, a son of Horatio, who was ridden by Mr. Walter j Gatenby, one of the most accomplished amateur horsemen in Australia. Townley was second to him in the Hurdle Race gnd Mariner in the Steeplechase. Tibballs, who was formerly in the employ of the Hon. Thomas Reibey, for whom he did so well with Stockwell and Bagot, won the Maiden Plate on Opposition. For the Rntally Cup, a trophy presented by the Hon. T. Reibey, three two-year-old colts came to the post, end all of them were by St. Albans. Victory fell i to Mr. J. Symmons's Meteor, who won rather easily by a couple of lengths. The principal event of the day was the Carrick Plate of 100 sovs., for which half a dozen came to the poet. Mr. C. S. Agnew's colt Hobart was one of the number, and he and Sheet Anchor were the favourites. The Panic colt had no show with Sheet Anchor, who won easily by three lengths, and as he carried 9st while Hobart had only 7st 91b. the performance mnst be regarded as a good one. The winner is by St. Albans from Queen Mary, by Castle Hill from Blade Bess, by Peter Wilk ins from Mr. Field's celebrated mare Merry maid by Jersey. This Is a pedigree equal to any thing in the Stud Book. Sheet Anchor is closely related to Bagot and Stockwell, as he is by the same sire, and the dams of the three ran back to the famous old Diana by Peter Fin from Curiosity, who is also the maternal ancestress of Archie. Judging from the numerous successes gained by the stock of St Albans in Tasmania and New Zealand, this son of Bhur Athol is likely to take a foremost place among the sires of Victoria. Among the sues represented at the late meeting of tbe V.R.CL, grand old Panic once more took the highest honours. In Com motion he left behind him the best son he could ever lay claim to, and it is doubtful if we have ever possessed sio good a four-year old. Mr. Henry Phillips .had good reason to be proud of the colt be bmd, and the face of the Western atudmsator was beaming with smiles as he followed the son of Panic and Evening Star to tbe saddling paddock. The other representative of 'the" family was Dhurringile, a horse of immense bone and sub stance, and worthy of the great sire from i whose loins he sprang. He, too, was bred by Mr. Phillips, and, like-Commotion, is a credit to soy stnd. Mr. Wiilistn Brown has always maintained that Rapidity would get racehorses, end there can be no two opinions on tbe subject now, for his son Archie is a racehorse in every sense ? breeding, appear ance, and performance being the eescntial qualities, and all are poeeesea'by the brown. Glorious had a couple of excellent representa tives inBoolka and St Lawrenoe, both of whom performed welL The defunct King 1 of Clnbs hid a worthy son in Odd Trick to keep hia memory green, but it must be con fessed that he was fairly pitchforked into the Midanknmer Handicap. Vagabond, an other departed aire, had. a oaeful son in Magnet, and we -shall doubtless hear more of ike'a aire Pisoator, whp is at present located in tbe Tenant stud. Mr. A. F. Smart is a plucky purchaser, and never stops at a price when he sees a young j one that takes hie fancy. It wee he who gave ,2,000 guineas for Warwick as a yearling, and on Tuesday last when Atoms was sub mitted he never stopped .until he reached 1650 guineas, at which price he secured him. With Warwick and Archie the a table should now beVery strong, and 1 hope that bbth Mr. 'Smart and Mr. Forrester may meat with the No'fault Could he found with the brewing and appearance of .the youngsters, < and t some toi them will make their mark on the fesoeooutse. ^ ' Mr. DeMeatre's horaes left Flemlngton for Willtamatown on Wednesday uporaisg, and wiU remain at the eetibliahmeat by the sea. until after the V.R.C, Autumn meet ing. . - t. Quietude reigns at Flemingtou after the excitingChsmpion mealing. Messrs. Lamond, Forrester, and Fennelly have departed ioc their homes, and the first-named was aocom panied by Dorebin and Narina. They were very nnfortnnate thia trip,the only priee that fell to the viaitora being the Criterion Stakes, which was won by Mr. De Meatre's Ike, everything else going to Victorian owners, who well de servo! a torn, aa most of the good things of the Spring meeting were won by the sporting men of the other colonies. Darebin's sire has a real good son in New Zealand, and that is Bnndoora, who is by Tha Peer from Argosy, by Freetrader from BelharL This colt ran second to Welcome Jack for the Canterbury Cap in the Bpring, and has now rewarded Messrs. Mason and Vall&nce; by winnings valuable stake, the Christcbarch Cap, of 500 sovs., with a sweep of 10 sova, added. The distance was two miles, and as Bnndoora carried Sat. 31b. and ran it in 8m. 35s., he mast be an animal of more than ordinary ability. The second and third were also Australian bred animals, Tasman being a son of St, Albans, and King Quail is by Yattendon. Bnndoora was sold at the same yearling sale as Darebin, Coriolanus, Emir Bey, Cooreena, Koh-i-noor, and My Lord, all winners, and a very excellent batch of youngBters for a Bingle year. At the Adelaide meeting Dnchess fell in the Steeplechase, and breaking her shoulder blade had to be shot. Her rider, M'Sorley, also was injured. From South Australia I learn that Messrs. Blackler and Ferry have purchased the Gawler racecourse, and intend to hold periodical meetings there. While admitting that Messrs. B. and F. deserve unlimited credit for the numerous improvements they have made upon the old course, I cannot help express ing an opinion that in going farther afield they are perhaps attempting too much, aud eventually they will be the instruments that will cause the extinction of the totalisator in South Australia. The Colac Turf Club meeting will take place on the 22nd February. Tha programme appears thiB week, and it will be seen that the principal item is the Colac Handicap of 80 sovs., and it also includes a Hurdle Race of 50 sovs., and District Handicap of 40 sova. Entries close on the lBt of .February, The stakes won at the late V.R.C. meeting were paid over on Tuesday. The Hon. W. Pearson _ received the largest cheque, his share being £1,750—£1,410 for the Cbampion Stakes and £340 for the Three-year-old Handi cap. Then came Mr. John Haimes, £805 for the Normanby Stakes; Mr. E. De Meatre, £339—£234 for the Criterion Stakes, and £100 third money in the Champion Stakes: Mir. C. Wilson. £325 for the Midsummer Handi cap ; Mr. D. S. Wallace, £215 for the Hurdle Race; Sir T. Elder, £200, second money for Champion Stakes; Mr. S. Miller, £140—£135 for the Yarraviile Stakes. These, with smaller amounts, brought the toted up to £3,901, One of the mushroom totalisator promoters has made a bolt of it with some £2,000 of the public money, and I shall not be surprised if others follow his example. It aeems to me that the public prefer swindlers to reliable men, because they fancy they get a little the best of it. It is the same in betting and in sweeps. Mostof the latter are groBS swindles, and their promoters feed fat upon the in vestors, who would do mnch better if they entrusted their money to men who have stood the test for years. "Have you Been Polk ?" is the joke now in the ring, No doubt many of his dupes would like to catch him or them. It is hardly necessary to say that the levanters have no claim to the name of Polk. The entries received in Melbourne fox the Tasmanian events are decidedly meagre, and it becomes very evident year by year that the islanders will have to depend more upon themselves than visitors for good fields of horses. The fact is we have so much racing here now at Flemington, Caulfield, &c.;, that racing men can find sufficient employment for their horses without moving 10 miles from Melbourne. Fortunately a goodly number of Tasmanians now own thoroughbreds, and if they win the greatest share of the prize money, so much the better for the future of the turf in Tasmania. The programmes of the Minyip, Kerang, and Moama meetings will be found in the advertisingcolumns of The Australasian this week. Mr. W. Davis, of Deniliqain, requests me to point ont to Mr. George Vowles and Mr. Bond, the bandicappers, that his horse Native is not the same that won the Denili quin J.C. Members' Cup, and who also ran second to Marchioness for the Handicap. He complains that his horse has been harshly handicapped, bat possibly he has himself to blame for not giving the hands cappers some information about him. As Mr. Mitchell was unable to dispose of hiB yearlings, he has determined to train them. The brother to St. Lawrence has gone to Joe Morrison's, A. Da vies has received a couple, and the Mnllyan colt has gone to Mi. H. Conolly'a stable. It is very unfortunate for the Victorian Club that the Melbourne Cricket Club should have chosen the 20th January as one of the dates for the next match between the English and Australian teams. The V.C. had selected and advertised the date some time previous, with a view to prevent clashing with any other ar rangement, bnt by tins action of the M.C.C, the V.C.'e meeting will suffer considerably. The worst of it is that the Englishmen and the Australians have to play in Sydney on the 26th, to there is no chance of an alteration being made in the date. Settling over the late Champion meeting was got through at Bowse's and the Victorian Club on Wednesday. It was not altogether satisfactory, as the public came up very slowly. With the exception of the owner of Commotion, then wSs.no winner of oon sequenoe on the meeting. Double-event books wen opened on the V.R.C. Derby and Melbourne Cup, and some impetuous specu lators had the pluck (?) to take 1.000 to 15 about Kingsdale for the two events, and Warwick and Archie .wen backed AT LOGO tola ' . The weights for Geelong -have been; de clared, but! meat leave aa analysis of them until next week. The friends of lb. John Wilson will bo glad to hear that he 1ms gained an important victory in India with his horse Sir Peter; foe whom he gave 600 sovs. at the sale. ofMr. M. Lougbltn'a hoibes. While Commotio!! and Dhurringile wen keeping up. the i tation of tb«r sin in thia portionof Her Majesty's dominions, Sir Peter molt seconding their efforts in Initta ifea Ct opening day of the year, for thetohsWpn i Viceroys Cup, ran at the Caleattameetii and Mr. WU^ td'onw wind the riewi hlifriehd" ■-«*=--■ Mr. at Kensir year-old! Tbehtfont the] STJS? Jockey QubJ theaeoonddi the Autntfel for the principal events close on the 1st of February. The Victorian Trotting Clab has deter mined to allow trainers to nee the Elstern wick track) and it ia now available for use. The dab will hold ite next meeting at Ele tern wick-park on the 27 ch January. A programme somewhat similar to the last has been framed. The trotting events are two in number, one for maidens and the other for the 2m. 55b. class, while the tanning events are a selling race of 50 so vs., Two year- Id Handicap of 40 so vs., V.T.C. Handicap of 50 sovb., one mil<-, and Handicap Hurdle Race of 50 eovs. Entries dose on Tuesday, J urinary 16. Mr. J. Leek has purchased the two-year-old colt Earn brook, by King Cole from Pearl ash. England has lost one of her best sports men by the death of Lord Stamford, whose demise was announced by cablegram a few days ago. In his day he was one of the most princely supporters of the English turf, and though he had not kept np a very large racing establishment recently, he was fortu nate enough to purchase Geheimnisa when two years old from Tom Cannon, aud with this splendid relative of our own esteemed Panic he Ton eever&l; of the great two- year old races, and had The satisfaction of seeing her win the Oaks in May last. I have been requested to state that at the Lai Lai races on New Year's Day the dub did j not forget the Creswick Relief Fand, and j determined to subscribe 10guineas thereto. It is doubtful if England ever possessed a sounder, gamer, or better animal than Tim YVhiffler. HIb importation to Australia was regarded as a national blessing, and when his d&nghter; Brieeis won the Derby and Cap, Tim's star was in the ascendant. Only on Monday last bis grandson Archie carried off the Normanby Stakes, and on Thursday the gallant old horse breathed his last at Cairn Corran, the estate of hiB owner, Mr. Matthew Bryant. l4m was 23 years old, eo that he lived to a ripe age. As a racehorse he was qnite firet-clasB in 1862, when he was a three year old. He commenced that season by carrying 7st-, and winning the Brough Handicap at Catterick-bridge. With 7at be could only get fourth in the Thirsk Handicap, but he made amends for this defeat by landing the Chester Cap, in which he defeated 21 others. Subsequently he carried 8st lib., aud won the Maltou Handicap, following this np by winning the Members' Handicap at the same meeting. That good horse IvOhhoff beat him in the Manchester Tradesman's Cap, bat Tim was in hie beet form at Ascot, where, on the first day, be won the Gold Vase, beating Car bineer, Asteroid, and others. At the same meeting he won the Royal Stand Plate. At Goodwood he was triumphant in the Cap, which he won by 12 lengths. At the same meeting that The Marquis won the St. Lsger, and Ace of Clubs carried off the Cleveland Handicap,Tim Whiffler won the Handicapaud on the last day be was victorious in the Don caster Cap, beating Backs tone said others. In the following year he walked over for a sweepstakes, bat after running a dead heat with Bncketone for the Ascot Cop, the latter beat him in the ran off. Tim Wbiffier was Imported to Victoria by the late Mr. John Moffatt in 1671. Mr. W. Brown subsequently purchased him, and about four years ago be became the property of Mr. Matthew Bryant. I As the sire of two Melbonrne Cap winners, j Briseis - and Darriwell, to say nothing of! many other successful animaU, he will j always be remembered by the present genera-1 tion of racing men. I am glad to say that Mr. Bryant baa a goodly number of yearlings < and foals by the old horse, and some of the j former will be submitted to auction in March next. Mr. Weeks, who again committed himself at Elsternwick by abasing tbe handicapper, j Mr. George Vowles, was brought before the stewards yesterday. After hearing Mr. Vowlee'a evidence most of them were in | favour of disqualification, bat Mr. Vowles pleaded for another chance for this bellicose ] individual, and tbe stewards consented to let him off with a fine of £25. Another each : exhibition on tbe part of tbe owner of The ' Ghost, and disqualification is certain to fol low. It is only fur to say that he wrote a most abject apology to Mr. Vowles, bnt each conduct as Weeks indulges in must be pat down, and it is to be hoped that another offence will meet with tbe reward it deserves. In the Champion Race, Segenhoe,after rnn Ding about a mile and three-quarters, strained the muscles of his quarter bo badly that he has been hardly able to move ever since, and Mr. Fennelly deemed it advisable to let bim have a few days' spell in Melbonrne ere removing him to Sydney. 1 am glad to say that the Champion meeting was the most successful summer gathering, pecuniarily, ever held at Flemington. Mr. & Miller, rite owner of Roolka, com plains vary bitterly of the manner in which bis colt has been handicapped in tbe Book makers' Parse, and I think be has good grounds for dissatisfaction. It ia an un doubted fact that whenever Guesswork likes to try he is one of the most brilliant colts over seen over any distance, and Fryingpan, too, ia a first- class colt over a mile, bnt Boolka has to concede the former 21b., and ttte latter 4lb,, notwithstanding that Frying pan beat him in the Coalfield Guineas and tbe V.R.C. Derby. Conlstonn, who can a great race with bim at even weights in the spring, has 171b. leas, and Calms, who beat bim in the Mama' Produce Stakes, has 201b. Mr. R. JSL Maitland has returned to Austra lia by tbe mail steamer, and will arrive in j Melbourne next week. Mr. Barnard gave the racing public an opportunity of discussing the wrights for tbe Victorian Club meeting on Wednesday. During such a performer as Commotion. to I commence withhs was bound to give him a I bean, impost icy tbe V.C. Cup, and oven] fdibM.J2th.Jbe wputy be bard to beat if , ■m* ^ ~ " Pearson elected to mart him. Bathurat, Bweet WJlttam,andGmptfck asem tomato befririr wattygetad, and Guesswork at Sab Sttb iepeivM A pwmi from Commotion far bbr half-bead d&mm; the ChampionStake#, ,-wWcb ls » fair thing. I shall defer a lengthened dissertation until some fdtere ttneT^ I cemot helP thinking that JUlMiri(«.lAtbah,Cdstoun,iPrilio,and 1 Coriolsnns are well in. As a riuee jrear old fawdrt tam' raen aeood fooithfoc the Melbonrne, ! anl atsmiaa, auad Ishall not be at all anpriseddhaee aMafigurein aom* pfttoSandte^of the futauu. U Corioianna rtlmm. be should bavw a mm show at 7sb 71b.; kbouah il ls pperiUe ihat tte dirienoe. ia lisidia fai amwilifiatiim Mr fitrrrfr beta aa^^imOrimoambat 1 notioed aSst ^ ^rir^keA Dar that be was BriHo ^vaa iiot thoroughly^ — f_^jg-,jodeaWBger abosld * i iJ i Handy Andy ia deserving of eome considera tion. At the Perth (W. A) rammer meeting Kelpie's eon, Lowlander, won the three-mile race in 5m. 55a. Scandal, who wm recently purchased in Melbourne by Mr. Haasall, was entered, bat, owing to lameness, he did not start. Lowlander will be remembered as the chesnut brother to Secandns who once occupied a box in Joe Morrison's establish ment. The Maiden Plate fell to Roseberry, and the Town Plate to Hero. Feeling dissatisfied with the weight allotted to Squireen, his owner has scratched him for all engagements at the Victorian Clab meeting. A special meeting of the members of the Victoria Racing Club will be held at Menziea' Hotel at 3 p.m. on Thursday, the 18th January, to consider and decide on the pro posed new rules of racing, and also the fol lowing proposed new rule" That in future applicants for membership shall pay an entrance fee of £5 in addition to the annual subscription." The weights for the Anniversary Handicap, to be run atl the Sydney Turf Club meeting on the 26th January, will be found in an other .column. To me Trerallyn, Saionara, Josephine, and Carmen appear to be the best in. Archie and Warwick leave for Sydney to* day. 