TBE SAL FA TIQST ABUT WEDDING AT COLLIHOVTOOD. (FVom the Telegraph). One of the quaintest religious ceremonies ever witnessed was performed at the Salvation Army barracta, Wellington street, Collingwood, on Wednesday evening, tbe oocaBion being the marriage of two of those well-meaning Christian soldiers to two of tbe "daughters of the regiment." Tbe union was announced to take place at seven o'clock, but long before that time the barracks were literally packed. A charge of sixpence waa made upon those ee&ing; admission, the result being that the meeting was perfectly free from larrikins. There must have been between 1500 and 1600 persons present, women predominating. Almost every man had a flower in his coat, and all the women carried bouquets. At half-past six the proceedings commenced with the singing erf the hymns with that characteristic vigor whose energy compensates for any lack of melody. Precisely at seven o'clock tbe happy pairs were ushered in and took their seats upon the platform, the brides upon the right of the Bev Mr Horsley and Major Barker, who officiated, and the bridegrooms npon the left. The ladies .were yoncg, and decidedly prepossessing in appearance, although the sombre costume of the army was not calculated to enhance their charms. They wore the black dresses and quaint bonnets of the Hallelujah lasses, the only departure from the usual costume being a white wedding favor upon the left breast. Their names were Miss Elizabeth Polprlaso. a native of Tasmania, and Miss Carrie Stevenson, the daughter of a farmer near Kerang. They were to be married respectively to Captain Phillips (better known as "the Happy Welshman"), and Cadet Foley, of Fitzroy. The latter has no distinguishing nickname. He is a fine stalwart young fellow, of the artisan type, and, it is said, bad been a shoemaker " with a bad record" until he joined the army and reformed. After several hymns had been snng, and brief prayers had been offered, tbe couples were ranged ou either side of the Bev. Mr Horsley, who went through the D ordinary form of declaration required by law with each of the parties. Major Barker then explained to the audience and the interested parties the nature of a Salvation Army marriage. .It was a not, he said, a union of worldly afiection, but a partnership for the purpose of doing the good work, aod promoting the interests and extending the influence of the army. Cries of "Halleluiah," and "God e bless the army,*' resounded through the ball. The marriages made in the army are strictly coder the supervision of tbe commanding officer. Before any engagement is entered into the. parties communicate with Major Barker, who,. if be approves of the anion as being likely to be to the mutual welfare of the parties and the advancement of the army, consults with the happy couple, and arranges the date of the wedding. This course had been followed in the present instances, and the major expressed his hearty approbation of the double event. Brides and grooms then knelt down, and each of them delivered a short address, to the effect that the marriages were being entered into solely for the sake cf the Lord. Cadet Foley, whose speech is rough, but unmistakably eloquent, began — " Oh Lord, this is a veiy fieriDCJ matter," causing the irreverent to forget the solemnity of the occasion and burst into laughter. " Order!" cried Major Barker, in his brusque way. " Don't let us have any of that; it's not a thing to laugh at, and I tell yon that yon wouldn't laugh, perhaps, if you were going to get married." The brides confined to brief prayers; and another hymn having been enthusiastically suns, Major Barker Went through the usual form of ceremony, commencing, "Wilt thou,' &e.;, interpolating to join in promoting and extending the influence of the Salvation Army, before the words of the nsnal formula " to have and to hold," &c.; When Cadet Foley was aBked if he would take Miss Stevenson for his wedded wife, he exclaimed in a loud and energetic voice, " My word ! That I will!" " Then," said Major Barker, " Put on the rings, and I call upon all here to witness that in the name of God the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost, and of the Salvation Army, I declare you to be man and wife!" The same formula wase repeated with the second couple, and then a scene followed that it is almost impossible to do justice to ia print. The instant that Major Barker pronounced the Becond couple man and wife, a mighty Hallelujah; God bless them!'' rang through the building, and the air became literally darkened with bouquets. From the audience flowers poured iu in an unceasing volley; fromthe raised seats at the back of c T the platform, bunches, garlanda, wreaths, and coat-flowers also, litenllyrained down upon the blushing brides and the happy grooms. So thick and heavy was the floral hail that the clergyman and those near him had to throw np their hands to protect themselves from the deluge, though an occasional " Oh!" of pain told that a well-aimed bouquet had got through the defence, and landed, stalk first, upon the Rev. Mr Horsley's ear. The enthusiasm was hysterical in its vehemenoe, and it culminated when an energetic and bald-headed offic?r, a visitor from another district sprang from hi. seat, and led off with one of the wedding songs selected for the occasion. The band struck np gaily, the people eang lustily, and when the chorus was reached— -Let the beQs cf hearm i ing, X<et the happy soldiers sing. Every marriage-blessing bring While we bless tbe Lord ! Bless the lord i Bless the Lord! Bless the Lord I Hlsss the .Lord With onr captain and bride We will bless the Lord. May Hi* richest hi easing* fiow On them both where'er they go. Till In Heaven we part no mote. A thousand handkerchiefs of all. colon were waved by the enthusiastic witnesses to the marriage ceremony. Mothers danced their babies abovB their heads, keeping time to the music, and, when an occasional rest afforded on opportunity," some of the inspired eoldiers filled np the space with n deafening " Hallelujah." There was none of - tbe indiscriminate embracing and kissing attendant upon marriage ceremonies generally, and when the uproar, the flower-shower, and the waving of handkerchiefs ceased, the newly-wed Hallelujah lasses took tbeir seats demurely apart from their husbands as before the ceremony. A wedding hymn, " When we arrive at Home," was snng, and then the four parties to the ceremony respectively addressed those present to the effect that they were so happy, and were doing it for the sake of the Lord. They felt certain that He would bless their union, and make them tbe means of reclaim- ing many sinners. Ail of them spoke with sn earnestness that commanded respect in spite of the rude and, at times, nngrammatical phraseology used. Major Barker followed with a characteristic address npon the good that the army was doing, and M b referred to tbe ncjostifiable arrest of Miss bt Baoth in Geneva, and the unfeeling refusal upon tiie part of the municipal ssthorities to allow the army to march through the t streets of Melbourne. The concluding hymn, "Hallelujah !" was sung to the repeated enthusiastic waving of the thousand handkerchiefs, and the ceremony being over, the various members crowded round to^ongnftulate the happy Welshman and- the reformed hoemaker, and their bonny-looking brides. The only wedding-present viable was a block of ice. in wbicb a handsome bouquet of flowers bad been frozen. Ttus had been sent by an enthusiastic admirer, and remained upon the •platform during the evening. The nsnal Salvation Army-meeting was to be held t in the barracks afterwards, bat as the attraction of the evening bad been the wedding, the vast throng quickly dispersed, after what the enthusiastic and bald-headed visiting captain declared—A grsad finanancial success, that beats the churches all to fits." The proceeds taken at the door go, it i& • understood, to swell tbe funds of the Salvation Army. 