^OT EADY'S KQOT ; OB, THH . ' Ghost of Diavolo Castle. CHAPTER XXXV. ' OFF TO BEATJCHAMP VAULT. ,Atihe instant that Colonel Devereux issued from 8ir Bobert Be&achamp;'fl doorway, a woman, closely veiled, and clad in the deepest mourning, was moving slowly along the opposite side of the ''?- street. . Her eyes trere fastened upon Sir Robert* e house in » keen,, quiet observation, as if some special object had brought her there. Bat, as the young officer appeared, her veiled countenance underwent a sudden and startling change, and, with a quick, hushed ejaculation, the cunt to a full stop. For an instant she stood watching hie move ments, as if uncertain what course to pursue. *Bie next, ehe turned, end walked rapidly for ward in tie direction he had just taken. Having gained a few steps in advance, she hurried across the street, and quietly retraced them, with the evident object of meeting him face to face. 'As they approached each other, she lifted her Madc-arlaved hand, threw aside her veil, planted herself in his path, and with a sharp, sobbing breath, spoke his name. Ee looked at her a moment with dull, confused gaze, then im ptdsively extended his hand. ?.*3inoy !' he cried, brokenly. * Thank Heaven you are home, sir !' cried Lucy, fervently, the tears gathering in her eyes and pouring over her cheeks. .3fcrman Devereux saw the tears, and abruptly started on again. He knew for whom those tears' ?were falling, and the sight of them half mad dened hum. 'In her alarm, Lucy seized his coat-sleeve with frantio haste. With as frantic an earnestness, ehe spoke : ? 'OhjSir!' she cried, 'let me say something to you. I have prayed, night and day, that—' * Not now, Lucy — not now J I am going to look on her face for the last time now.' \- As he uttered those words, he again essayed to move on. But again Lucy stopped him. * Oh, if you will not hear me now, sir, will you not come and see me afterward ?* she chokingly pleaded. Norman Devereux 'hesitated. His feverish impatience to be off to Germany decided him. But Lucy anticipated the negative trembling on his lips. Before he could explain, Ehe made her final plea. 'Por Miss Nina's sake, sir !' she cried. At that the young officer's chin twitched con vulsively. . ,.. ' Give me your address/ he said, in-low, hoarse tones. But, as he presently hurried on his way again,' Lucy looked after him with uneasy mind. 'He certainly means to come,' she said to her self. * But he is going down to Beauchamp Hall. Will he ever think of his promise after he has looked on her sweet face ?' All at once she dropped her veil and hurried ofE. ' I have time !' ehe exclaimed. ' I'll go, too. He'll take a firsts class, and be none the wiser that I'm in the second.3 While Lucy was hurrying post-haste back to her lodgings, Colonel Devereux was making equal haste toward Savilie Bow. On arriving he was informed that Doctor Jeffries was at home, and at his earnest request ?was immediately conducted to the library. The doctor, as the servant had assured the visitor, was quite alone, Mrs. Jeffries being occupied with guests in the drawing-room. Bruff's pitying amazement was no greater than that which now filled Dr. Jefiries's breast as he recognised poor Nina's lover. He Etarted hospitably to his feet, and across the room ; . and without * wprd_ on either side, the hands of the two met in a Eorrowful greet ing. The doctor was the first to speak. * Heaven sustain you, my boy !* he said, his kind little eyes blinking suspiciously; adding, Qie next moment, in a prodigious hurry t * And when' did you reach London ?' 'This morning. The very instant of my arrival I dashed to Portland Place, thinking — ' At -that point the young officer's voice failed him, and he silently took the chair his host silently proffered. cIt was a great shock — a great shock,' presently ejaculated Doctor Jeffries, huskily. Norman 'Devereux looked tip at Tiim with agonized eyes. ' I have received my death-blow/ he said. He spoke thofee few, tortured words, and then, after a moment's pause, brokenly stated the ob ject of his call, and his determination to visit Beauchamp Vault, and proceed that night to Germany. All that Doctor Jeffries had to tell was soon told. Norman Devereux listened to the end in agi tated silence, and when he rose to take leave it , -was with his previous favourable impresBions of the -AlHngTiamK strengthened tenfold. Expressing his gratitude to the doctor in a few sad words, he extended his hand. Doctor Jeffries gently put it aside. 'lam going with you/ he said. 'Do you think/ he went on, ' I will let you go down to Beauchamp TTa.11 on such an errand without a friend to bear you company ?' ?lam not going to the Hall/ answered the colonel, deeply moved by this unexpected kind' ness, and yet a little doubtful whether he would not have preferred to make the journey alone. *T shall proceed directly to the Eexton'8; . and from there to the Besuchamp Church.' ' I shall go to the Hall/ replied the doctor. * It will be necessary. The keys of the vault are kept there now.' And silencing his young fciend with a kindly ware of the hand, he summoned a footman, and ordered a light luncheon served in the library at once. As he shrewdly suspected, Norman Devereux bad, in hu headlong desire to reach Portland Place, neglected to eat his breakfast. * Ton most eat— «ad you ehalLeat/ he declared, as Norman briefly declined the proffered hojtpi. t»Uty. ,' Bj force of combined precept and example ha earned hi- point. . «ae luncfteon despatched, Doctor Jeffries again antnmened the footman. He at once inquired (or Mrs. SaSaaL Finding she was stall engaged in *b* drawing4oom- lie penned a brief note of ex flanation, and gars it the man, -with the neceg* sanr instructions tot its (delivery toiler. ^That done, lie turned to bis impatient guest ?Old signified Ids readiness to start. In anotijer minute they had entered the wait ing eab;«ndf neither of them dreaming .of the gbasti^aBCxefe which the journey was fated tcrdis «orer, they rolled froin the door. CHAPTER XXXVI. AVASXODKDXNO DISCOVEEV. ?'A tpeeat lamp, suspended from the ceiling in BnamrTwnp Vault, softly and solemnly irradiated O10 scene enacting* within its block depths. . Upon a earredund pillared base of pure white. VMrUe rested tb« slab supporting the coffin so »soenUy*orne there. Jb* coffin wmsopen, and above the beautiful, glssft-encaaelraxnains hong the bowed and con-. valsed form of Norman Devereuc For many minutes lie bad stood thus, and for, toaiqr minute* Doctor Jeffrie* bad waited in the itt4le«aie-a-om, Us arms folded, and hit- grey ksadbentrererentiytohlBcheet. ; aTowMidifcen a, suppressed sob from 4hs* inner ulnnrtrrnii* caused me old man's Jiw to qfixret, aeft M» «7« *e wink portentously. Sot tie never ' Aftar imttoptioet time, tunrerer, he mddenl/ ami «aamsflf 'Inrned bis ear toward, the door ^f th* chamber. 54en fee ?» suddenly And tmoatujy *^EoiViwtrie% «? Ote 4opt .04 flung it j Y- ''?*' *' ' '' '' 'Not a word/ he said. 'Betire if you are afraid. But never, bo truly as-we toth live, will I leave this sacred spot tall my lips have pressed hers in a last, long farewell/ That low, husky declaration, bo passionately and yet so solemnly made, eileaceel the doctor on the instant. w ' ^ ? -TO BE CONTINUED.) 