MY FIRST EXPERIENCE 0I>' OUR... COUNTRY HOUSE, OWING to flnanoial pressure in the ahnpo of heavy losses abroad, I accepted the offor of an old-fashioned furnished house in the country, which had been ton years untenanted, as a residence in the moantlme to save the expenses of town life; and thither, in a eold and stormy November day, amid torrents of rain, I sot out along with all I held most dear on earth \--my family. That comprised my wifo and three young children, As we loft our cheery town nouse lor the last time, many a heavy thought oppressed me, on account of thoso depondent on me, at the waywardness of Fortune, and the " ups and downs" of life; and especially as to what sho might still have in storo for us, . We had a long drJve in a comfortablo closo conveyance, hired at tho nearest railway town, from tho windows of whloh tho children were delighted to watch tho now sconory ob we drove along, Tho smallest little darling of tho three, just eight months old, was as com fortablo in his wraps and furs as if ho were at tho warmest llreside, At length wo found oursolves at the door of our new house, far in tho heart of the oountry. Dreary and soli tary enough it looked, standing by itsolf at the foot of a slope, with its short avenuo of trees leading up to tho door, Soon, howover, wo wore inside, and roaring fires in ovory room helped to raise our spirits and dissipate tho gloom, by imparting that olieerinesB wnioh Arcs only can givo. Next morning, on exploring our new quar ters, we found that thofr appoaranoe did not altogothor belle their weird and ghostly repu tation, Borne stories wo had heard about the homo being haunted, as the reason of its re maining BO long unoccupied, wo o£ course only laughed at. The walls were of enormous thiokness, o,nd several of the rooms panelled. Already within the panelling, the rata and mice, apprised of the signs of habitation by the iires whioh had been put in several days beforo our arrival, onoe again began to hold their revels, The main passage was narrow, the stairs of stone-one stair leading from tho middle floor up to the bedrooms above, containing the public rooms; the other down to tho kitchen range of rooms below, most of whioh were really below around, damn and dark, with their walls glistening with moisture. This latter stair led off tho lobby noar tho entrance, and the very Idea of descending U gave one a shudder. UpstoirB the walls wore sloped in over the bedrooms, and so as to give them a square shape, a part of tho width had been out off by partitions next the gable, whioh left a large dark empty space all round between wall and partition, enough, as the proprietor said, to accommodate half a regi ment of infantry. This, however, hod tne ono advantrge of keoping the rooms dry. At the back of tho house a clear brook rippled along, subjeot to rise and fall with overy shower of rain. For four or Ave days the storm that had ushered us in, continued, but at length one morning a oloar, bright sun broke out over tho landscape, showing us, from the top o( the slope, our insular position with tho (tor man ocean on three sides in the distance. Boa-coast towns wore also soattored along tho shore at intervals, and thoro appeared a pretty undulating oountry sparsely planted with trees, without village or hamlet anywhero to be seen among the large cultivated fields, ex copt the big farm atoadings that appearod hero and there at considerable distances apart. As timo passed, and we settled down in our now abode, I found that the days did not hang so heavily on my hands as I expeoted, what with the inoroaslng aoquaintanccship with very kind and pleasant neighbours, and shooting (kindly granted me by the proprietor) among uares, partridge, Ao,, and especially at large flocks of geese which had takon a fancy to tho neighbourhood, ',Cho children enjoyed tho country freedom immensely, and tho rores daily deeponed in thoir cheeks from tho strong ocean air some seven hundrod feet above tho sea level. One day I was ongaged putting up a swing for Maud and Will, to thoir great delight, in the shod that adjoined tho house at the back -an old building of two stories, tho lower ono of whioh had open arohes, and tho upper, once used as a granary, was approaohed by a trap stair. All at once I noticed through the Siano of the outside kltohen door, that led nto tho long passage pf that floor, tho flutter of a child's areas I well knew, and, at tho samo raomont, a shadow as of someono rapidly passing, Hardly believlnR my oyea, I looked again, knowing that no ono wont down to that now disused floor, the outer door of whioh remained looked, and loast of all that the baby would be taken there. There was nothing now to be seon. Our one servant, I knew, had left for an afternoon holiday, and would not bo baolt for somo hours, With a shiver running all over me, half oongoaling my blood, I flow to tho door and looked along the narrow passage, but nothing was visiblo, Th'e furthest ena door that ononcd to tho staircase leading to t^io public rooms abpye still remained closed. I kicked at the out side door, but nothing save the echo replied; BO I next rushed to the iov? kitchen window and looked in! All was undisturbed thero and motionless I The cobwebs still crossed the doors and corners just as they had wont to bo, Taking the two children with me, I hurried rouna to the front of the house, whore I found tholr mother at the front door, with her knitting, enjoying tho bright sun shine. Quickly tolling hqr what I had soon as calmly as I could, though not too care fully, as the rising pallor on her face betokened, I hurriedly asked where sho had* left baby, Before I had half done she was flying upstairs, followed by me, to baby's room, where, as sho ?aid, she had loft him quietly sleeping in his cot, The oot was empty I Our darling was away, The clothes even were gono, With a moment's delay, after a rapid glance through the adjoining rooms, wo hurried downstairs, down tho seoond flight, to the dark, damp, kitchen floor, and from room to room wo flew, but not a trace of our darling. I had rliuu io curry pjor Hekii upstairs-sho hud fallen fainting on the floor. 1 Irtid her on » couoh, and endeavoured to recover her, jn the first place. For soma time sho remaini d in a dazed state, and then, as recollection gradually came back, I urged the necessity of her keeping up till wo had mode a thorough search for our child, as, from the timo 1 hml scon his dress, it was impossible ho could lie anywhero but still in the house, With tlia clour and rapid "instinct" with which she saw most things, Rhe mado the effort needed, and which, I could see at the time, was al most beyond her strength. Again wo searched and searched, in the IIOUHO, round about tho house, and everywhere where there was the faintest possibility that the child could be concealed, but in vain; and how tho time fiassed from tho moment wo first missed him about tlireo in tho afternoon) till darkness I began to closo in on a short winter day, 1 can yot but faintly imagine, k . Going round onco inoro to the back of tho house for tho twonlieth tiino, all of a sudden a faint glimmer of light from across the brook caught my eye,"along with what I felt certain was tho flutter of a child's dress. It seemed in the dusk to be only a few hundred yards off. Without waiting a moment, and dreading to utter an alarm, I sprang aaross tho brook, through tho deep swamp and rushos beyond, and, reaching tho hard firm meadow, flew along in tho direction of the light, of which another glimmer again direoted mo. The light, I could see, was moving onwards, and asl increased my pace I found I was distinctly gaining on it. A fresh glim, mor now and again kept me right, and I only feared breaking down ero it could bo over, taken. So husbanding my strength as well as my oxcitement would allow, I kept up the paco, determined to succced if it cost me my last breath. Gradually, as tho ohase con tinued, the light drew nearer, tho glimmer stronger, and tho flutter of the child's dress now proved a certainty. A few minutes more arid I must be up with it. I thought, too, I could distinguish in the darkness tho outlino of a man; but, so thiol; had the gloom now become, this might have been fanoy, as no I gleam that lit up tho child's dress ever fell on tho figure. For a few seoonds I noticed tho ! light linger at one spot, move up and down, i then again move rapidly on. Cut pow, for' tho first time, I lost sight of tho white dress. In a second or two more I was up to tho placo where tho light had lingered. This brought me alongside a broad straggling whin fenco, well known to mo as a good, oovor for partridgo. While rushing past, a conscious. nosH of something white amonast the furze arrested my steps, and pushing in among them I bent down over what Boomed a riinsH of white like a snow drift, in tho midst of whiohj sound asleep, and comfortable and cosy in his warm blankets and rug, as if he wero still in his cot, I discovered bur darling I' Even tho blankets had beon drawn carefully up round his soft warm face, to allow just enough room for air without the loast danger of cold. As I pressed my face to tho little round cheeks, and felt tho warm breath coming and going; the revulsion was so great, coupled with the exhaustion of _ my run of ovor a mile, that I could only at the moment sink down beside him. I dared not yet trust myself to carry him bnok( anxious as I foil about thoso at home, While resting with him in my arms I noticed the light growing fainter and fainter till it disappeared in the distance. At length, when sufficiently recovered, I rose with my nowly-found treasure, to try and re trace my steps homeward in tho now pitchy darkness. Carefully I groped my way baok, holding him oloso to me, and feeling as if the time were an age ere I oould return to ex change the^rief there for joy.' Tho light from an uppor window of tho house guided me, otherwise in the thick darknoss I might have lost my way, At length the ripple of tho brook at tho baok-door mot my oars, and reorossing care fully I found myself once more at the baok of the houBe beside the swing, and at the first scene of tho mysterious disappearance, an event never to bo forgottori, though ending so happily. On coming round, to tho front all was quiet, tho outor door still open, tho lower lamps unlit, and not a sound oven of the children's voices to be heardi I dreaded the sudden effect of the discovery of her darling on Helen, and ray solo anxiety how was how I could break the glad news to her as gently as possiblo. Bo, quiotly ascending the stair, I roaohed her room, found its door ajar, and looked in. There she was, seatod at a table, her heud bent forward oh her hands, and per fectly motionless. Maud and Will were ait ting on tho hearthrug subdued and silent, looking wistfully up towards their mother. ooltly ontorlng the room I signed to the children, who at onco saw mo, to keep silent, and as softly I laid liim down onco more in his aot. As his check, touched the pillow a smile orept over his faco as i( oven in a dream he folt he was again in safety. And then crossing tho room T sat quietly down beside his mother. She seemed in a sort of stupor, out of whioli only slowly and with difficulty1 suoceodod in rousing her, and by degrees, as she oaught my cheerful tone, a now light seemed to break in upon her, and she looked mo straight in the face. Thero was no use my attempting to, dissemble. The look of good news was too plain to be hidden, though I feared at first tho effect of the reaction.' Be fore I had half told my tale she caught the moaning looks of the children, and gave ono swift glance towards tho cot. In an instant sho was thero, and for a moment the over whelming joy was almost as overpowering as the grief. As the little subject of all this oaro was loaded with caresses no opened his big black eyes with a smile of welcome all round; and as each in turn got a sharo of his, smiles we could hardly realise that the past had not all- been a dream. How our house was changed from ono of sorrow to one of joy thut evening I can still well remember. Nevor after that was baby left for one minute alone, nor was there ever a ohanee given of that day's history being repoated. Early next morning we.made a thorough searoh of the house from room to room, but nowhere could wo obtain a clue to any secret door or passage that might throw light on tho mystery. After tho foregoing esperienco it may be supposed I would fain have changed our residence had not strong pecuniary reasons stood in tho wav, and besides I had a strong desire sooner or later to be at tho bottom of the mystery. As tho above events began to lose their, vividness, without any fresh incident to ex cite suspicion, time passed pleasantly on. One day as I was round in tho shed cutting up some trees, which a recont storm had blown down, with Maud and Will playing by, I suddenly became awaro of the shadow once more crossing the kitchen-door. This time, however, it was alone. Our baby, I knew; was too well watched to bo spirited away again. In a moment I was at the door, look ing in along the dark paaango; but all was empty there I Instead, however, now of rush ing round to the front of the house, as I did before, and giving the alarm, I kopt watoh, and sent Maud quietly round to give infor mation, Keeping Will by mo, I watched Maud till she reached the front of tho house, where I had left her mother with the ser vant, attending baby in his perambulator. They were all soon round, and, pointing out to Helen a knoll at a little dis tance, whioh commanded a view of throe sides of the bouse, or of any one tempt ing to leave it, I asked her to retire there with Ihe servant (a strong country girl) and children, and keep watch, Hardly had they left when the shadow again crossed the kitchen floor; and immediately afterwards a alight sound in the granary drew my atten tioii. Uiiu'ulu lu keep back longer, or delay for the sending of a neighbour, which was ray first idea, I sprang up the trap stair and liatoncd. In a little the sound was repeated, now distinctly as of a door closing, and then ceased; but no trace could I find of door or opening of any kind. I took care that, from where I stood, I could still seo tho group on tho knoll. Striking' on the wall whence the sound seemed to have proceeded, a faint ap 'parent eoho reached me; but this, I thought, could bo traced to a distinct Beparate sound. Repeating the blow again and again on dif ferent parts of the wall, at last a hollow sound seemed to answer tho stroke, and simultaneously, a part of tho wall I had not noticed before, to the aide, and nearer the gable, opened slightly, disolosing a long narrow rent. Another stroke on tho same place, I found, was on a stone that yielded to pressure, and showed a widening crevice. With further pressure on the stone, which appeared to bo connected with the door by a spring, it reached at last its full width, and disclosed a narrow door in the wall, from which a passage with a dark stone Btair caso led downwards. This etaircaao was just wide enough lor one man to crush through. Without hesitating, and with a Hort of desperation, due partly, perhaps, to my entire unbelief in ghosts, I entered the passage and began to descend the stops, after taking the precaution to get a heavy lump of wood and leave it in tho doorway to prevent any accidental closing. Aa I wont down the narrow staircase, a slight rustle from below told me pretty surely 1 should find some one there, Each step now brought me nearet tho object of my search; while the flicker of light that presently came from below showed mo I was nearer the foot of tho stair. In another second or two I found myself in a narrow passage at tho foot, faintly lit by a orovico in the wall, and with tho figure of a man dimly visible before me. There wo stood confronting each other, not a bound to bo heard but the breathing of each. After some moments had passed thus in dead silence, I put out my left hand to feel what sort of wall resisted mo on that side, and, if possible, lpt in somo light, and struck against what seemed to be the wooden panel ling of a room, The movement caused no ohange in my vU-a-vla. Next placing my back against one sido of the passage, I put my foot against the pannelling, and tried to I force open a deal; but in vain. It was too ! strong to yield to my pressure. Still tho figure romaincd motionless. I then bethought mysolf of my box of " vestas," which, as a j Bmokcr, I always carried, and struck a light. As (ho darkness fled, and the whole passage beoamo visible, with tho figure in it, whom and what did I sco ? For a little I could hardly bolieva my eyes, and wondered if I, too, were in a dream. A man, certainly, in lull flesh and blood, and no ghost, was there, motionless still, his head slightly bent, and eyes fixed on vaoanoy as in a dream. No sign of seeing me, or of tho least alarm at my prcsenco, appeared in his face. But what was strangest of all remains to be tpldi Tho face was that of an honest carpenter of our neighbourhood, whom I well knew as a very respectable steady man. I had hoard bo had been in tho habit of disappearing now and thon from his house at niglit for a day or two at a time, and of returning again by night as quietly as he left; while ho oither refused, or was unable to g?ve any aocount of his absence. The truth was now plain. Tho man was a somnambulist. There, too; was the lantern in his hand, still unlit, whioh, on tho.formor oocasion, had guided me by its light. On boing addressed, he seemed at first to oome " baok, to himself" slightly, as if half aware of my presence, and of being oaught, but again lapsed into his dreamy state. Going up to him I bade him follow me, which ho quietly did, up the Btair oaso, and out by the way I had entered, till he appeared at the foot of the trap stair in tho presence of the wondering group on the grass, who were now getting anxious about my absence. Telling the man quietly to go home, and to be'carefu' never to repeat his intrusion, he unhesitatingly took ttio straight road home, fvnd,walked steadily away. The ofleot of tho discovery on Helen, her speeohless astonish' ment and relief at thesamo time, at such a very praotioa! and homely solution of tho robbery of her baby, may bo imagined. The man, it appeared, was liablo to be a£feoted differently at different times. Sometimes he had more than his ordinary waking wits about him in a certain groove, in the form of an invinoible cunning enabling him to elude discovery, and baffling all attempts at trao< ing him. At intervals he had always disap peared during the night, the somnambulism appearing to continue for one or two days at a time. His mode of ingress has been do* scribed; and I found, on carefully examining the passage, that while one end of it led down from the granary, as mentioned, tho other led up at tho book of a pannelling by a flfght of steps to the rooms above, into which he ob tained entranco by a sliding deal in the dark enclosure between rooms and gable. The man was about fifty.five, had resided in the district since childhood, and bccame ac quainted with tho seoret passage in the oourse of some repairs, of which he alono had charge -a secrot ho kept to himself, I afterwards learnt that ho had gradually awoko on his way home, probably from the disturbing in fluences he had encountered; while tho warn ing given him under his somnambulism had its ofleot, At the samo time, needless to say, I had tho secret passages firmly built up, so that no one might again be subjected, either to secret intrusion, or to those hours of sus pense wo underwent between tho losing and finding of our child. . And thus ends my first experience of our country houso.-W. S, in London Society. II0II8TIN0 01' A HIIIP I1Y SWELLING OP CAItffO, Tin; Gazette Maritime et Commereiah, in its news regarding ocean disasters, relates tho following curious example of tho formidable !tower of molecular forces. Tho Italian ship I'ranocsca, loaded with rice, put into port on May 11, at East Londo.n,leaking considerably. A large force of men was at once put on board to pump out tho water contained tn the ship, ana to unload hor j but, in spite of all tho activity oxorted, tho bags of rice soaked in water gradually, and swelled up. Two days afterward, on May 18, tho ship was violently burBt asunder by this swelling of her cargo. -La Nature. THE SEVEN MIDDLES OV THE WOULD. PnoK. Du Boia-Iteymond is one o! the most prominent members of tho Berlin Academy of Sciences. When he delivers hia more pop ular lectures, there is not a lecture-room in Berlin largo enough to accommodate his hear ers. He is far from being a theist; still less is ho a christian. In an address delivered by him on " Tho Limits of Natural Science," he propounded what Jio called " Tho Seven Hiddles of the World"-riddles whioh have never been explained, and tho majority ol whioh never can be by mechanical laws, The first riddle is the nature and essence of matter and force. The second is tho origin of motion. The origin of life is the third. The fourth is the apparent design of nature. The fifth is tho origin of consciousness, The sixth is the origin of national thought and language. The last is the freedom of the will, 01 this Du Bois.Reyraond says; " Our seventh difficulty is none if one resolves to deny the freedom of the will and to declare the sub jeotive oonviotion of freedom as an illusion; otherwise it is inexplicable." 