Correspondence Wo do not hold ourselves responsible for, nor do we identify ourselves witu, the opinions ox preoBcd by our correspondents.'! THE THREE SISTERS. (To the £dilor of the D. D. Oaselle.) Friday, lfl Octobor, 18S3. Sir, — Oh dear ivlmt chnll T do ! those naughty boya that my family elected to represent mo at our family council wore so rndo as to insult our of the big boys that our big sister has sent to look after her in terests, and he, to uphold his dignity hns with tho assistance of tho (iolinths of his dominions made a huhbub, and called a meeting or mi tne cnunrcn ot my.dear sisters and myself to endeavor to wipe me onfc of existence, ivbat a sh-itna ? I nm not tired of life, I trust my friends will roll up and with my children endeavor to keep me alive, as I am not quite prepared to give up the ghost. Saturday. 20 October. I managed to get to the meotine last night at tho theatre, it ought to have been at our Town Hall, what was it built for if tbe ottzens are not to use it, my boy Ned, a smart young fellow, says it is too much out of tbe way and it would be .1 shame to our sapient oity fatherB to put it so much out of the way as it ought to have been put as near as possible to tbo centre of the town. Oh says Ned they can buy the land in Russell street, aud as our American couiins would do, put tho Town Hall on a siage nnd run it (its all down hill) to the new site. —1 laughed— but to business ; I attended the mooting last evening. One worthy alderman expatiated on the rudeuess or ignor ance of my children, It was too bad to despise me for my poverty which I can't help. He proposed to rub out myself and sisters existence, or alter our boundary posts ; tbo last I thought would be best for mo, as one big fellow naid, that my family only gave about £200 to tho exchequer while his gavo £1 100, and our sister Miss Central gave about £800. I blushed for my fallen position as I thought over the old times when James- street wao first and myself the belle of the town, and I prided myself on being bettor than cither of my sisters ; but modern improvement and railway communication has effaced the dolnsion. When my old friond the Recorder wns nuked to produce his ticket, and tell tho assemblage what money had been ex ponded for my benefit tho breath was taken out of me, and I almost dropped in wonder ing whore tho big suras that he stated I bad received had gone to — for really I bad not felt any improvement in my streets and walks,' yet when he stated that I waB de bited' with I think, over £3000 a year for interest ou loans or money borrowed to improve my sisters estates, I felt smashed -ifc the injustice of charging poor mo with money used for my sisters benefit — and could n'ot' collect myself auffioieatly to take in what followed — except thai; all ban la wore in favor of sending 0 potition to Bris bane to make an tquitable division of our little territory by which my sphere will be oulurged. : .'??''? Oh dear I Mr Editor. I'm' 'in pang's ; of anguish to think those naughty boys should : have brought so muoh| trouble on me' and my . sisters, but I am n» near pleased us potsible that the injustice of charging me for interest for monoy used by my big and wealthy sis-, ters has been made public. Hoping for jus tiee, , ? 1 ' , ?: - I am my dear Mr Editor ,,.' Yours Maternally : South- Ward. ? ? P.S.— :Solf and family objiict to onr dirty linen being pent to 'Brisbane to bewasbed and then hung out in the,: Government. Guzc/la nil over the Colony.- To dry tbe cib jectionabl* imittcr mentioned by Messrs. Stirling and Trovethan it should becxpuoged from tho Petition, Chrintiim charity and respect for ourselves and our institutions demand this. . -.'?'? s. ,w. 