ROBE, (From our own Correspondent), January 22. I very seldom talk weather, but the late paper reports about oxcessive heat throughout the colonies incites me to compare the temperature of Robe with that o! Adelaido. Let me take the maximum heat of Adelaide in the shade from the 12th to tlio IStli inst, inolusive, registered at the Adelaide Observatory, which records 88*6 °, 00-2«, 107*0®, 100-86, 84-2°, 85-8°, and 02-3 equal to a raeau of 94'8®. Now, my parboiled friends, compare the Robe maximum and mean temperature with the above-88'8 ®, 71 -0 ®, 03-8 ®, 04*0 ®, 70*0 ®. 78'5 ®, 74-8 ®, equal to a mean of 77*7 ®. If anyone were to start an ice manufactory in this township I guess he would be frozen out I Next Saturday a - cricket match, Robe v. Kingston, is to take placo on the ground of the latter. Our boys are very confident of success, nnd I wish them luck. Tlio other morning, rather early, an old gentle man well known horo was artistically touching up a tombBtone in our pretty little cemetery, ana as the flies at tills particular season of the year are very annoying, ho liad takeu the precaution of wearing over his hat a yard or two of white net. Presently a one-horse buggy l>OYe in sight ami stopped at tho large front gate, which being looked, tne occupants, two ladies in dark clothes, jumped out, tied up the nag, and walked round to the side wickot gate, which entering they wound round the white shell footpaths until reading the most prominet monument in tho cemetery, whero a halt was mado and a low talk indulged iu, when one of the ladies in blaok turned and saw , Now tho particular tombstone at which theold gentleman previously referred to was working at, had its unlettered back towards the avenue leading to the spot where the ladies were standingrand our mortality artist being curious to know who such early visitors could be, popped his whito netted head round the side of the "In memory of"- when one of the ladies caught sight of the strange head gear, and taking nor companion's arm made a most precipitous re* treat through the wicket, jumped into the buggy, and drove off hurriedly ! The old artist thought of calling out 11 Don't be frightened," but on second thoughts decided that a ghost with a voice would be much moro alarming, so said nothing, but went on filling up the chiseled out letters with block and goldf, at the same time wondering who the strangers were, and what a mud he was not to think of taking off the white stuff before" peeping ! If the ladies should see those lines let ine Inform them that it was no ghost, because I am assured he had sausages for breakfast I ! i The Ferret, which was advertised to call in here last Saturday, passed on to Heachport as usual. The people of Robe must be a alow going lot to put up with this sort of thing, She will be in some time this afternoon, and I sup pose the fruit aboard for here will be jam with out the sugar. 