AT FAULT. BY HAWLEY SMART, Author of "Breezie Langton," "Broken Bonds," "Social Sinners," "The Great Ton« tine," &c.;, &c.s; &c.; [Published by special arrangement- with the author.' All rights reserved.] {Chapter XIII.—f Continued.) When Dr. Ingleby, having returned from Banbury, got out at Dyke he found that he was most decidedly wanted. His old friend, Mrs. Fossdyke, was perfectly stunned by the news, and past anything but making one wild wail of remorse for what she was pleased to term her late unwifely behavior. She reproached herself bitterly about her last quarrel with her husband, and wept piteously over some mi3ty idea that she had in some sort contri buted to the catastrophe. But what did sur prise Dr. Ingleby was the excessive prostra tion of Miss Hyde. The girl struggled'bravely against it, but her unutterable woe was a3 unmistakeable as it was difficult to account for. Granted she had lost a very dear friend, still it was hard to understand a tolerably self-contained young lady like Miss Hyde being so completely npset by it. She did her best—she struggled hard to console and com fort poor Mrs. Fossdyke, but Dr. Ingleby was fain to confess that she seemed more in need of comforting herself. A case this in which there was little to be done for either sufferer. Words of consolation at such times seem commonplace, and medical aid is super fluous. But the next day Dr. Ingleby was astonished by the apparition of Sergeant Silas Usher in his surgery—that he entered unannounced it is almost unnecessary to say. Silas Usher usually turned up without any official an nouncement. He had a way of appearing at people's sides in a stealthy ghost- like fashion positively appalling, and his very name caused terror to the tiptop professors of the art of burglary. It was related how one of the great artists in that line had been utterly paralysed in his last exploit by having whispered into his ears as he was clearing out a countess's jewel box, and greedily gloating over a diamond bracelet— "Very pretty, Bill Simmonds, ain't it? but it won't lit you anything like as well as these," and before the astonished robber could collect his faculties the handcuffs snapped round his wrists, and his retirement from a world he had for some time adorned was an accomplished fact. "I have just rundown, sir, to make a few enquiries in Baumborougb, and you're the man I want in the first instance. I don't want to intrude on the family at Dyke, of course, but it is essential I should get answers from them to these two questions : Did they ever know a Mr.Foxborcugh, or hear of him? and did they ever see this in Mr. Fossdyke's possession?" and Sergeant Usher produced the fatal weapon which had been "found in John Fossdyke's breast?" A slight shiver ran through Dr. Ingleby's frame, not at the sight of the weapon, for his medical training had steeled his nerves to all that sort of thing, but he did think it would be a gruesome task to show that [ghastly toy to the mourners at Dyke. "How don't you run away, doctor, with the idea that I'm a man of no [feeling, ex claimed the sergeant, who saw at a glance what was passing through Dr. Ingleby's mind. "Nobody understands the susceptibilities more than I do, and, bless you, nobody humors them more. Now these are important questions, and answers to 'em quite invaluable. But, of course, you'll introduce this, he con tinued, tapping the dagger as a paper knife found in a half cut novel which Mr. Fox borough left inadvertently behind him. It is to spare all unpleasantness I come to you. Introduce me as what seems best to yourself, I but you shall make the enquiries. I only want to be present when they are made, but I think you had best admit at once I'm a police agent. As I told you before, I'm in eharge of this murder, and it's a matter of professional pride to bring it home to some one." "You seem pretty indifferent whom you hang," rejoined Dr. Ingleby, sharply. " Nothing of the kind, sir,"replied Sergeant Usher, but it is a sort of reproach to miy pro fessional reputation not to pick up the perpe trator of a big crime like this. More espe cially because it seems sosimple. Who but Mr. Foxborough could have committed this mur der ? I told you, sir, I am always candidmyself on principle, but we must have the links in the chain complete, and that is the reason I am compelled to disturb the ladies at Dyke, almost in the first agonies of their grief.-" __ _ xo-morrow 1 mignt, sergeant usner, out as the medical adviser of the family, I empha tically say Mrs. Fossdyke and Miss Hyde are too thoroughly crushed by this blow for you io see them to-day. There are probably one or two more points you would like to question them over, and on the whole you will benefit by the delay." Silas Usher mused for a little, and then said, "Well, it may be so. I, of course, am very anxious to know what induced Mr. Foss dyke to go over to Bunbury. We know Fex borough came here on Monday night. He probably met the deceased and asked him to dine, which, from motives we have as yet no clue to, Mr. Fossdyke accepted; but from the witnesses at the Hopbine, it does not appear to have been simply a dinner between two old friends. If the invitation was given ver bally it is very likely that some one heard it given. At all events, there must be people in Baumborough who noticed this stranger. If, which may be possible, the man wrote, there's a chance that the ladies at Dyke know some thing about it, and that the letter is not as yet destroyed. You see, doctor, if you can get hold of a man's handwriting, and this Fox borough was undoubtedly an educated man, or if you can get hold of an accurate descrip tion of him, you are pretty much upon his track." "All of which makes it quite clear to me that you wont altogether waste a day in Baumborough, Sergeant Usher. At all events, I'll not sanction you going out to Dyke to day." " It may bo you're right, sir," rejoined the detective. "Anyhow, it seems I have got to pass the day here, and therefore I must just make the best of it. I'll call in to-morrow, doctor, to see what you can do for me. Good morning." That Sergeant Usher went about seeking information would not at all describe that worthy's proceedings; he simply paraded the town, he had something to say to every one, and it was highly creditable to his versatility and universal knowledge that the people with whom he conversed differed largely about the little grey's man's calling. The ostler at the King's Aims, where Mr. Usher was located, had no doubt whatever that he was somehow connected with horses. At the principal stationers they put him down as having some thing to do with threacricals, while other people differed as to whether it was corn or cattle the little gentleman at the King's Arms had come down to buy. But that in the course of three or four hours' gossiping with everybody he came across, Sergeant Usher had arrived at the fact that Mr. Fox borough had sat next Mr. Totterdell in the stalls upon the opening night of the theatre, and that nobody in Baumborough knew so much about the whole affair a3 that gentle man may easily he conceived. Clearly Mr, Totterdell was the man the sergeant wanted, and to ascertain where Mr. Totterdell lived was, of course, easy. Who he was had been fully explained also—bis connection with Mrs. Fossdyke, his quarrel with her husband, &c.; All such local gossip is easily picked up in an incredibly short time in a country town by*such a practised hand as Sergeant Usher; and, further, the detective had got a very fair inkling of what manner of man Mr. Totter dell was. The fussy town councillor dwelt in a prim looking house standing in an equally prim looking garden, situated in the outskirts of the town, and thither towards the afternoon Sergeant Usher made his way;. He was in exceeding good humor with himself, for he considered he had done a very fair morning's work, although most of hi3 informants had been fain to admit they had not noticed the stranger themselves; while even those that professed to have remarked him were so vague and vacillating in their description that the shrewd Sergeant Usher speedily came to the conclusion that "they thought they'd seen him," was about what their testimony really amounted to, but they were all clear and confident that Mr. Totterdell had con versed with the stranger, and could describe his personal appearance, manner, &c.; indeed it was be who had been asked to point out Mr. Fossdyke by this Mr. Foxborough. Mr. Totterdell was at home, and the ser geant was at once shown into his presence. " Mr. Silas Usher," he repeated, reading the name written on an envelope, which had been sent in to him. " May I ask what your busi ness is with me?" "I thought maybe, sir, the name might have told you. Silas Usher is pretty well known at Scotland-yard, and you might have come across the name in biggish murder cases before now." "Of course, of course," exclaimed Mr. Totterdell, wriggling in his chair, after hi3 custom when excited about anything. " Pray sit down, Mr. Usher." He had been turning over in his mind with whom he was to disburden himself of the mighty secret hidden in his brea3t, and here was the very man he wanted come to his door. I. To be continued.] 