' ECHOES 'OP MELBOURNE. ' FB'y The Ghost. I,'. . ' ' .'.:.? . ' ..?'..,'. '.''!',!?, ,-' Declfj. ? : The winter of ! N.ew South .Wales., dis content has beeh,( made glorious summer by Mr. ' Service'-andi'Ms colleagiidj Mr.: Berry, at! the Sydney Convention; ahd.'all the olouds of distrust that lowered o|erj .our neighbours' brow have been buried under Port Jackson's dancing 'waves/'pr. drowned in the'sparkling vintagfes where- ?? with Victoria regaled the delegates from ?the' other Australian, colonies in' the! .Marble Hall of the'Parliament. buildings. : Under- the genial 'influence ? of -picnics, all sentiments1 of rivalry 'that at the i'h-l ception of the meeting of delegates ^threatened to cause the whole affair to end in fiasco. [happily .vanished, and the banquet tendered to Australia's represen tatives on Monday evening brought to culminating point thegood fooling 'which after a few meetings animated the Con vention.1 That important results will flow 'from' the gathering is quite certain. New 'Guinea will ere long become an integral part of the British Empire,, and Mr.: Gladstonn'« Ministry be able to talk to France with a tone of authority which ?hia communiuttions have up to the present time lamentably lacked. Wo have told in unmistakable plainness that if she will not take upon herself the task pf pre venting'the French Republic from pouring a stream of felony on r.hejislanda of Poly nesia we shall not hesitate, as a United Australia, ourselves , to undertake'1 the duty, be thoi consequences wliat they may. Even England's vacillat hrf und peaceat any price-ioving 'Pietni r -cannot hpw 'afford toiignore our :wirhts expressed ia such forcible ' language. The question has,' by the aotion of the Convention, been made a truly national one, and- is now far : ? removed/ from tha comparatively or'amped arena1 of -local politics. Truly are''-the'' eyes' of ? Europe now directed . towards 'the fifth quarter of the Globel' For no one will notice the ravings of Mr. Buchanan, the silly vapourings of Mr. Cameron,- ii or-' the., querulous tone Mr. Barker, the Speaker of the Now South Wales Assembly, has adopted in contra dicting ari assertion which it was never alleged , by Mr. Service he ever made. ?That Mr. Service was a little too boastful in his post prandium oration at the Federal banquet, and that Mr. Berry has been '' putting his foot into it' by his loquacity iri' Sydney sitice. his chief's departure, can 'iidt'be denied.. But '. despite . these- little contretemps ' Australasia will carry her point witlrth$ British Government. , From all.1 parts . of the country comes, the gbbd news that tho present season ia one' of:' the most prosperous from a farmer'slr.'oint of view- that Victoria haa enjoyed for many years. Big hay stacka and overflowing barns are the rule, and this; year at all events Providence has scattered plenty o'er the smiling land. It is certainly fortunate that there is at the present .moment a Coalition Government at,the. head of affairs. , Had we still been, in' the full enjoyment' of government by party the .incumbents of office would 'doubtless have laid claim to being the cause' of our present bountiful crops. A Conservative Ministry would most in dubitably have.ihdulged in a large amount pi crowing arient/the final disappearance of the'^'Berry1 Blight,'' while a Liberal Administration would quite as certainly have laid; claim to the successful harvest as the outcome of their policy. As it ia both sides can now be credited with the kudos; ;and politicians of all shades of opinion-'lny the flattering unction to their souls that they have in some way contri buted tb bring about results which Jupiter Pluvius and Old Sol have alone had a hand in aohieving. Jtsup it agricultural lines have fallen m pleasant places, those of journalists have not been so fortunate. Straws, it is said, indicate; the way the wind blows, and just at the present time it would appear not tp be a favpuring gale for some editor-preprietors ? of newspapers. In a certain country town that holds itself in higli' esteem,, the part owner and literary chief of two daily broadsheet3 lately offered to exchange the editorial chair for the office of rate collector, dog and nuisance inspector, of an adjoining municipality. Sic transit gloria mwull ! \ What, the bull-fight is to the Spaniard a''.'|i-kin. glove 'contest, or a wrestling match is tp the Anglo- Saxon. It is hardly to be wondered ,at, therefore, that, on Saturday afternoon last the Theatre Royal was, despite the high entrance fee, .crowded^ in .every, part to witness ? tho ' contest between 'Professor ' Miller and 'Messrs Blackburn and Thomas, who were alternately to try conclusions with ,the;, champion. The affair ended some what /unsatisfactory to the public in a '?|r draw:'?!' 'Three, falls were scored by each side, ,'TKer' draw ' by the principala in' the1 'contest was, owing to the large amount received at the doors, of a. far pleasant'er character. ' ?; 'PbSposed Tramway. — We understand that' .a reply'has been received by Mr. W. D. Ooleman from the hon. tho Minister of Lands in reply to the petition pre sented to him asking for permission to construct a trfimway froni Upper Ringa ?roomato Mount Victoria. Mr Brown 'states thi\t if a formal application setting ?forth the character of the proposed tram way, ? particulars as to gauge, motive power,- land,' and roadway required, be 'forwarded to him, it will receive the favourable consideration of the Cabinet. It is Mr. Ooleman's intention when the tramway iscomploted toendeavourto come to, terms with the numerous gold mines along the route for them to lay down short trams from their,, sections to the main tram line.' By this arrangement, which seems possible, they will be enabled to send their atone to the Premier or Mercury batteries at ai comparatively low ? cost instead of each company going to the , expense of putting, up a battery for itself.- \ ... - . 