=========== MELBOURNE GOSSIP. (BY THE GHOST.) June 16. Coming events, the proverb tells us, cast their shadows before them. The ap- proaching ro:assemlbling of Parliament is no exception to the rule, and is fore- shadowed by the pertinacity with which deputationists from all corners of the colony are urging their claims on the Treasury. On Wednesday last the Ministry were ' waited upon"-a servile expression by the way, and one unworthy of free-born Britons-by. upwards of thirty organised bands of "lobters," headed by members of both branches of the Legislature, whose cry, like that of the daughters of the horeoleech, was " Give, give, give." Why most of the re quests could not much better have been preferred by means of half a sheet of foolsdap, an official envelope, and — pending the long-promised postal reduc- tions-a twopenny stamp, is really "one of those things no fellow can understand." Except it be lhat the local magnates of Slushtown or Tinpot Gully like to air their eloquence in the presence of a real live Minister of the Crown, and afford a treat to the ladies on the Collins-street block, they might be far better engaged in looking after their own affairs than in minding other people's business. As a rule deputitionists are not good-looking ; there is an air of gaucherie about them, and the cut of their store clothes stamps the wearers unmistakably as "young men from the country." If those people could only see themselves as others see them, they would hardly be so anxious to rush to Melbourne on every possible excuse arising for a free trip. Stars of the first magnitude in their own sphere, they twinkle very feebly in the glare of the metropolis. All the arrangements in connection with our-further loan for two millions have been completed, even to, signing the bonds which are now snugly on board the P. and O. mail boat, rocked in the cradle of the deep. There has been no tall talk on the present occasion of taking "nothing less than par" for our deben- tures. The minimum has been fixed at 99, and it has been left to those who " pay the money" to " take their choice" as to whether they will give us more for our promises to pay than the sum fixed by ourselves. In this instance no doubt our colonial modesty will meet its due re- ward. At last the ridiculous and vexatious dis- tinction that has so long existed in regard to duty, and foe, and postage stamps is to be done away with, and with the commencement of July the much needed reform will take place. All kinds of stamps are to form a happy and united family, and the counterfeit pre- sentment of her Most Gracious Majesty's countenance is to be available for deeds, letters, and receipts. The removal of even one of the small troubles that go to make up life's sum of miseries is some- thing upon which we may fairly con- gratulate ourselves. For small mercies vouchsafed to us let us be duly thank- ful. Our Volunteers are to be re-organised. Heaven knows they were sadly in need of it, for they have been in a state of dis- organisation quite long enough. We are to have a paid army-paid at least while under arms-of between two and three thousand men. And who, think you, is the originator of the scheme ? Our mili- tary authorities No. Any old Imperial oflicer 7 Again, no. Simply a Volunteer major, who, when out of his war paint, is a soft-goods warehouseman. This enthusiastio gentleman has shown the world how the two somewhat uncongenial occupations of soldiering and selling "slops" can be happily combined. The question of irrigation is assuming an importance which bids fair ere very long to cause it to assume a foremost position, and to bring it, despite the cold water associations connected with it, into [ the category of "burning topics." If ever Victoria comes to be fertilised by the life-giving water, much of the credit will doubtless be due to Mr. Hugh Mr'Coll, who for years has made the sub- ject his hobby, and who inside and out- side the walls of the Assembly has never ceased urging the necessity of giving water " to the dwellers on the plains." It was the fashion not long since to decry Mr. M'Coll, and any allusion to his pot scheme was the signal for laughter from the small wits of the House. Now all is changed. Members have discovered that their, constituents are in earnest as re gards irrigation, and plainly foreseeing how the cat is about to jump, are pre- paring themselves for a similar saltatory movement. It is now more than probable that a Royal Commission will issue, and that Mr. M'Coll will be its chairman. If so, the stone rejected by the builders will indeed have become the corner-stone of the edifice. Were evidence required to prove what a law abiding people we Victorians are, and how full is the measure of liberty we enjoy, it would be found in the manner the Redmond Bros. have been received. They have been allowed to talk in their own fashion without let or hindrance, and their right of free speech has never for a moment been disputed. Yet At times their utterances were such as to offend a number of the Queen's loyal subjects, be- sides being the reverse of complimentary to institutions many of us hold dear. Of course everyone can't be an Irishman; but in connection with this Redmond mission, those who are not may be proud of being Britons. Everywhere, however, "gentle peace" has not reigned supreme in connnection with the Land Leaguers' visit. A couple of days ago a member of the Victorian Legislative Assembly, who, by the way, was not one of the signatories of the Grattan address, visited a well-known ,hostelry, not a thousand miles from one of the corners of Bourke-street, in con- pany with his brother. A subscription to the League funds was asked for from the boniface, and contemptuously refused. There were hot words, a blow, a couple of black eyes, and a Police Court sum mons. Elforts which are likely to be suc- cessful have been made to square matters and avoid an expose. That jade Rumour has been busy of late with the names of one or two large Melbourne firms that are, so it is alleged, shortly to succumb to the want of means to carry on. There may be some truth in the report, and there may not. But the circulation of such vague statements does an infinity of harm. It creates distrust where none sholuld exist, and sets tongues wagging about innocent people. For my own part, I cannot, after diligent inquiry, discover any foundation for the report, and at- tribute it, therefore, to one of the many silly scribes who, "grovelling for lack of matter," evolve news out of the depth of their own inner conscientiousness. Turkeys have died, and champagne has flowed at the joint expense of the colonies to celebrate the union of New South Wales and Victoria, now tied together by an iron band stretching with- out a break from Melbourne to Sydney. So long, however, as there are border duties and different tariffs, the wedding celebrated last Thursday will not be a more happy one than many matches where, after the honeymoon, the "happy pair" separate owing to incompatabilityof tem- per. A free trade husband and a pro- tectionist wife will prove but an ill-as sorted couple. Unless they resolve to "give and take," the Murray will still continue to be more than "a geographical boundary." 'In the theatrical world there is very little to record beyond the fact that a well known operatic star, in connection with whose name that of a young lady of the elite of Melbourne society was freely men- tioned, has returned to Melbourne after a month or two of absence. Rignold still draws at the Royal, and Wybert Reeve at the Bijou. Miss Pomoroy is at the Opera House, and the Princess is again closed. St. George's Hall is still tenanted by a musical company, the bright particular stars of which are Messrs. Bent and Hay wood. 