PRIMITIVE METHODIST ANNIVERSARY. 'Po Lthe Editor of the Ecenilng Peony Post. SIn,-I have read, in last Thursday's "Penny Post," your report of the Primitive Methodist meetincg on Tuesday evening, at which the Revs. G. James, B. .Kenny, and R. Sellers delivered speeches. Every candid and impartial reader of the proceedings will admit that there was an unmistakeable onset -upon myself, and upon the. church to wliich 1 have the. privilege to belong. I ml w nothing of Mr. Kenny; I 'amnot 'aware that I have over seen' him. " But his low remarks about the "finger tips. of some poor old Bishop" 'would prevent my entertaining a ;very exalted opinion of either his. charity or indeed his Christiaility. Those words of his in reference to somebody who seemed to be in their Way were' peculiarly applicable to:himself : "Some people,", said he, " who appeared to evince great anxiety about the, conversion of others, had nothing to boast of themiselves. What they wanted was baptism of the Holy Ghost." I am, however, nc quainted.with Messrs. James and Sellers, and from the estimate I formed of them both, I did not think them capable of saying or doing anything; the tendency of which would be to bieak up all friendly and brotherly relationship between us: I have striven to live on terms of Christian courtesy and kind liness With them both, and,have always recognised their position as 'preachers and ministers of the: Word; and, as far as good wishes went, they. had. my sympathy in every honest effort to bring sinners to the Saviour. To show how much 1 desired to preserve, as much as possible, 'the unity. of the' Spirit in the bond of peace, my wife and I called months ago upon Mr. and Mrs. Sellors, Mr. and Mrs. Dyson, and Mr. and Mrs. James, which calls by either party have never been returned, arid now lately there is this onslaught upon myself and the Chlrch of England. I thanked very heartily Messrs. Sellers and Dyson for kind enquiries during the long illness that followed the buggy accident I met with, and further to show my thanks to "them, my wife and I called upon them, but there has been no reciprocation of the compliment: Theie has, therefore; been no reason on my part for this attack upon the church and the parochial ministrations of her clergy, except indeed that well-known recom mendation of the Eclectic Review, " A keen hatred, and now and tlhen a little round abuse of the church keeps up a purer attclunment to dissenting principles." Moreover, I feel as strongly as any> man here the propriety: of 'the view, that in this free country ." no minister should take it upon himself -to say where people should go to church," unless, indeed, tlhe people were, or had been, members of his church. In this latter case, that a minister should show no solicitude to bring back those who had been kidnapped from his fold would be to me a proof that it made no difference to him where his people went, that one place «ss as good as another-that he had no care for 'his sheep-in fact, that he was utterly unworthy of having the cure of souls at all. "The hireling floeth because he is a hireling and careth not for the sheep," but " the good Shepherd (whether it be the Master or the servant) knows Iris sheep and lays down his life for them." " I have no sympathy with " robbers of churches," but less with him or them who will see them robbed with composure. Mr James says that he "believes in Methodism with all his heart," and I say that I love the Church of Englauid with all my heart-with deep 'filial rever enee-that I believe in her Articles and conform to her Liturgy with the purest and most unreserved affection. Aned Messrs. James, Kenny, 'and Sellers may depend upon it that the more they vilify and abuse the Church of England the more lovingly shall we, her Clergy, grasp her hand and the more valiantly shall we stand forth in her defence. -I can truthfully say that 'I have never once since I came here interfered with the bond-fide members of other. congregations. As for kidnapping either Primitives or Wesleyans, I would scorn to do it. But if, at any time, I found that, from some unworthy reason or motive, any member or members of the Church of England joined the ranks of her enemies, I Would sift the matter to the bottom and do my' level best to bring back the lost sheep once more into the fold. Would to God that I could fall in with those members of our dear old church who now find them selves in other congregations. I would sacrifice life itself to bring them back, deploring as I do; and as every Christian should do, our divisions and schisms which 'are rending the Body of Christ and making 'the enemies of our common Christianity triumph. "Ihat they may be one," says the Saviour.," as sie arc"-this does not; cannot mean a union where all is division and disunioni, i??ere outward separation is followed by inward estrange-. ment, weakening the-bands of brotherly love which our blessed Lord made the very badge of His people. " God is not theo'author of confusion, but of peace as in all the churches of the Saints." "'I beseech you, bretlhren," writes: St. Paul to the Corinthians, " by the Name of our Lord Jesus Christ'that ye'all speak thle same thing, and that there be no divisions among ye, and'. 'that we be perfectly joined to gether in the same mind and in the sinme judgment" -and if there be a heart that can resist; even this entreaty of St. Paul; inspired as-it is, and urged in the' all-prevailing Name of the Lord Jesus Christ, let that heart listen to the farewell prayer of the Lord Jesus Christ Himself-" Holy Father, keep through Thine own Name those whom thou hast given Me 'that they may be one, as we are." 'It would have broken John W'esley's 'heart-low and languid 'as was the'state of the church in his day, if his 'readers, catechists, and pjreachelrs left 'tho Church ;of England-that chuich which he, John Wesley himself, called the "purest church in Christendom." Mr. Sellors:says that " differences of opinion Johln Wesley believed in." Yes, liffer enceswhich still exist in the visible church-which have ever existed in -it, even 'in Apostolical timces,. oven ambngst the. Apostles themselves \- but not differenbes that and in schism - not differences that end in separation from the Churcl" of 'England. John Wesley, the founder of Methodism-and for more than half, a century its mainspring and head, was not only a genuine Primi tive Methodist, but tihe very pattern of Primitive' Methodismn. v What .was the feeling and behaviour of this great Primitive Methodist. towards. the Church of Eingland, of :whichlhe was an attached ministerit Let the -following quotation ;.from' his Journal declare :- 'Ii tlio.year ,1761- " I then met the Society, and came just in time to prsceet their all tclurnli dissenters, which they were on the point of doing, being quite disgusted with thlein curate, whose life was no better than his doetrsne.'' Prigo 9 . o S :InaSwaledal:I found an earnest, ioving; ,sinple people, whloii I likewiseo eshorted :cot to lesae tie Chrsck, thiough they had not tiee best of ministers." (Page 5O). Ici the year 1768-8'' "d are in treth so far frocn bieing enoneies to'the CIhurch, rathet lr igbts\ tb it.- I dare not, like' Mr. Venu, ldave the pacishl Ohurch, Wihore I am, to go to an indepicmdni mebt ing. I:I daro not advise them tob go tlhither icithec than to church. I advise all over whom I havc e any influence steadily to keep 'to chiurchl" (Pagic 820). In 1776, at St. Neot's-" "Uilderstandnlg tlht almost all the Methodists had left their Church, I earnestly exhertedltlem to return Co it." (Vol. iv. page 62). In 1787-" I went over to Deptford, but it seanied I.was gOt .into a den of lions. Meoset of' tlIe l?ead ing men onf the Societey werec mad for separating from the. Clhurolh. I endeavohred to reason with them,:but in vain;' they had oeither sonsed nr vovci good manners left.: At lengthl, after meesting ,the whole Society, I told them- If yod are .resolved, you 'iay liire your service in Church hourms, but emeiisc from that timee you icill see cmyi /te nic eodre.' This struckdeoep; and from that tiinme I have heard no more of separating from the Chr'noh." (Page A s Wesley had thus ever deccolaed his attacllmont to tie Chureh whilst he lie ed; so, on his death- bed, 'almost the last words he uttered were (1792)--" 'We thank Theeo, 0 Lord, for these' andc all Thymercices. DBless the C~hurch outnd .Kinig, and grant us truth and peace, through JCesus Christ, our Lord, for over and over." To thel end of Iis .life I.e succeeded i re sisting thei dosire of hielay:'c prealchers' to acssano mninisterial functionss' and of- his followers to f'cm tliemshnslvoes into a Churli.l Ir Imtlle " Code of Diree "tions" which hIe gave to his preanhers on 'The Rules by .,liiith they were to Walk,"' and whilch are described by the 'Wesleynitr Conterence in 1797 as '"the. rlulcstolhiech they consented whcie they were admitted" are the followving instructions : "How should an assistant be qualified for lis charge? By loving the Chnarh of England, and by resolving not to seporato fromh it." Let this be well obh served. I fecrc that whelon thie MeIothlodists leavo' tlhe' Charch, God will lei ie athem.- Oh, use evory noans to prevent this! " "(I) Esidhort allour peoplp to keep close tod the Word :ld Sacrnment.. (2) Wane them all against a ilce ness of hdiaring-a prevaoiling evil. () '~Wam .tliem against despising the Prayers: of tIc Ch'ch.e (4) Aginst cahlling our iooiety ," a church." (5) Against cahliig 'tir proacheehr'f" ministr, oihr bohssus "med ing-houses," call them plain "preaching-houses." It is abundantly clear then that John Wesley was loyal to the Church of England to the last. He desired to supplement it, not to supplant it. HIe was the founder of. an order of lay proachers; but he repeatedly protested against their assuming to usurp the. powers of tthe sacred. ministry of, the cliurclh. Three years, however, after'his death the secession was accomplished, and the preachers were authorised by Conference to administer'theb Sacra monts. I am tempted to plunge into this last matter, but unless 1 am driven to it I shall content mysielf with referring to one other. matter in Mr. Sellers', speech " He was glad',' .he said, ." to find that ;from amongst their abundance they could now and then give a man, to the Church of England who could' preach without having amanusoript before him, and say prayers without having those written hunidreds of years ago." "He was illuding to the Rov. J. Studds' secession. from Primitive Methodism and being admitted to the Ministry 'of the Church of England:, By the way, Mr. Studds will'have no' difficulty int giving to the world his reasons for takin. such a step. But doesr:Mr. Sellorsimagine that the clergy of the Church of England, either at home or out here,.are dumb dogs, and that they cannot preach without a manuscript? Whyjr there is scarcely one of them now.. who.uses a manuscript. 'The first preachers of the day are Bishops and Clergymen of the Church of England., But even if they did use a manuscript, there would boesoms excuse for men to do so who for the most part spend their time in pastoral visitation, instead of pacing their study all tihe week through, learning by heart for Sunday other men's sermons. Let us hear the testimony of the late. distinguised Independent minister of Bir uingham, the Roev. John Angel James, as to the character and conduct of the Clergy of the Church of England: " Sincerely and cordially attached to their Church, they are labouring in season and. out of season., Instead of blaming them let us imitate them. " Their zeal and devotedness are worthy of it. I know their lbours and am astonished at them. Tlhink of a clergyman, and multitudes of such there are, who besides his other labours, spends four or five hours. every, day in going from house to house, visiting the sick; instructing the ignorant, and corn forting the distressed." It is:well known that I do not undervalue preaching; but the Ministers of Christ are to be pastors as well as preachers. And now, to bring this letter to a close, I shall take up 'Mr. Sellors' reflection upon the Liturgy of the Church' of England, " prayers that were written hundreds of years ago"-prayers, I may add;' that are ,still used in hundreds of his own places 'of worship. "'They could now and then give a man to the Church of England who could. say prayers without having those 'written. hundreds' of years ago."' The church of England has no: lack of such men. Although she possesses,"'thank God, .a Liturgy which, in the opinion of, the most impartial and excellent Grotius (who was not a member of the Church of England) "comes so near to the primitive pattern that none of the reformed churches 'can compare with 'it, for the .Englislh Liturgy is the finest service in the world," she nevertheless can reckon by thousands men? in her ministry who enjoy quite as mich "liberty inprayer," and Who can !'"ongage in prayer" with quite as much. effect-for they constantly do so inl the piulpit -as any prayer-maker in the non-conforming con gregations. L. S. E. irites--" At your prayer-meet ings, too, I have really heard mrany pray in the most. unintelligible gibberish imaginiable. ' Scarcely able to. utter three words orderly,,they take upon them' to babble out.tho:most hideous, long, and stuttering prayers, in which they irreverently repeat every few Words-' O Heavenly Father,' ' 0 Merciful Father,' '0 Thou Glorious God,' ' O Blessed Jesus,' 'O Thou Dear Redeemer,' ' OhMost Holy Saviour'-and so on with other such vain 'reptitions, and all things so foolishly jumbled and packed together, that their praying resembles mote than anythin'g elso the bab bling of a fool desirous of telling some great tale,'biet unable to lhit it. And after the meetings are over,. the talents, gifts and graces of the several performers are generally the subjects of: no little whispering "What excellent gifts," says one, " birother so and so has i Poprebrother so and so-how, confused lie was, lie really has no talent at all; it is a great pity' to call upon him to engage in prayer, is it not .' ?' I could produce many other instances, of-. the blas phemous nonsense and :mqnstrous impieties of ex-: tempore, praying ; but enough, I amsure, has:been said to satisfy any unprejudiced person that if pre composed set fprms of prayer, which can be. proved both from the' Old Testament and the New. to be strictly: Scriptjiral, and the proper. kind of prisyer for Public Worship, had no other advantage than that of preventing tihe use of such irreverent and abominably wicked expressions; it' votild' be amiply sufficient to prove their vast superiority over extem? porary prayers." ' '.'When all inisters can prisy ald?rays as some ministers can pray 'somelirines," said thle late Mr. Simeon of Camblridgo; "we may tliei cnter tainh the proposal to substitute extenmpore' prayer for, our : liturgy."': The late Robert Hall, Baptist' Minister in Bristol, speaks very decisively.in favourn of oir' Liturgy. He says,"' Though a Protestante dissenter I ans by no means insensible to'tlio' merits of the 'liturgy of the' Church of Englaid.a I :bd-' lieve that; the 'evangelical purity of its senti-: meots, the , chastened fervour of its devotions, and the: majestic' siimplicityof its language, have: comn bined to place oit in the very first rank of uscinpsliied. compositions:.'' .;iMr.:', Sllors is right hin shying' that the ,.' prayers 'were written hundreds of years ago" .. TheeLiturgy of tho:Church of England was compiled froni the Liturgies of all the , ancient. churches-fromn Liturgies tthat were in 'existence long befoie the Roman iMessal 'roperly so called, and many of its inimitable prayers; and particularlyi the Collects were composed in a time of:, true Evangelical liglit and purity, and when Christianity was in her bridal attire. No' wonder the Eclectic Revigii,: thei organ! of:dissenit, makes'this confession : " The church, it cannot be denied, professes the life giving doctrins 'of the Gospel, favours every great. principle rescued from 'Ronme by the Refdrimrs, acidc puts' into the lips .of ,the .people 'a language' of devotion, unrivalled in majesty,, beauty, propriety, and' compiehension.' ' My hand is tired writing, itLad as I may pro bably have to trespass :upon your columns. very largely in' case' any :further attack ; be made 'on the Authority of the church, . the, Ordination' of Christian Ministers, on the threeo Orders in tire Ministryi" bf thoe COhiroh oih the BIaptisinal and Burial Services, &o.;, &o.;, I shall not add nimu?ch more.: .Fopr my own part, I w iouldprefer forgetting our differences, and wvhile. gallantly meieting the, enemies which now more than i1 obtheors assail the faith, giispi:rich 'bther''" hicndi in the bonds of loving and holy brotherhood.:p : ; I amn, sir, your faithful servant, • 2,,. G..M .D'ARCY.IRVINE, M.A., is Incumbent of;St. Nichliolas', Goulra ,i Mercih 16, 1883. P.S.-Let noue aslk Mr. Jiames to loo? over tihe list of subsociptibons?oivards ,thei eiehtiosi of the Primsj tive.Mhethodist Chapel 'adid the Mihister's rosidendut (Mr. Studds probably has thldrlist) arid let lim coult up the number of Church of .England people who helped ilin .the matter,,and then put it to: himself Whelther it lih good tastd, iida due modmdi of .ac ]iowledgmcint; tb pIitei'iito thiBishbps, Clergy, and Liturgy of the Church to which thie subscribers be long; and that lin the very building tlidy helped; 'in their isinocence, to erect.:, I "tike this"opportunity, also,; of'exp5 htslltini with the movers in what is balled a "Camp Meeting".' --notices of 'which, in !the shape of placards, are.posted, I-find, :all along the IGp pilawi Road---whether ,they are not engaging.in a very perilous scheme in holding iight serices away in the comuntry-services which necessitate the young people' who attend them-youig men and young woinen toigo home at 10 or 11 o'clock at nilih--nany of them having to trudge thsrough lanes and paddockrs and by-paths 'whlch have often lod; andmight pronbably lead a?ain, ocrt'of tire way, instead obf to their ~'athicr':Touse. !I -havs maeny instances beforer me of the heartreniding results of these night gatherings away out in the country. They may be sensationidl, ;'but thliey are certainly niot ·sensible exprimeilts. 'No0 wise pastor or parent w'iouid'subject youtli to such'trial anid daiger. "!.Lead us not iinto temptation, but deliver us froii ovil."a 