[?] There has been very much wool through the week. Wool every where, in markets and saleyards, and streets and stores, in clubs and pubs and drawing rooms. All wool or talk of wool. More talk than wool, perhaps ; for we can all talk, though very fewr of us can grow wool. Indeed, it is a matter of much marvel how very few people really can grow wool, the prime wool that tops the market and glorifies the breeders. Noted breeders, how many are there in Australia ? And yet year by year their 6heep go out to of \A ora litovnllw I net in tTin flnolra fliotr nro UILLCIO) auu «**V wsvj w,a.v purchased to elevate. A very wise man amongst sheep says, ' There is more to be done by judicious culling than by much purchase of new blood and asks how the Havilah and Ercildoune flocks were reared. They are all from the grand old stock originally ; hut it is the wise men who have kept the old strain pure and strong. One thing is certain : dis appointment must follow the purchase of stallfed Tasmanian sheep, If they are turned out to cut grass for themselves upon Australian mountains. But what have we to do with sheep ? No more than the lady who was persuaded to visit Dense- woolled Tom, and subsequently to express an opinion of him. ' It brings nothing to mind/' she said, 'but a passage in Shakspeare : Which, like the toad, ugly and venomous, Wears yet a precious jewel in his head. This Peeping Tom or Dense-woolled Tom may be a jewel of great price, but I can no more discover his value than vivisectionists or anatomists can find the jewel of the toad.' Curious yarns, however, grow about sheep sales. Here is one of — of one Brown — Brown will do — Brown, of the Limpid Water , Holes. Brown's sheep suddenly rose (this story belongs to the far : past) to a giddy height in the market by reason of the fabulous p rices he had ob tained for three bales of wool. The price was 4s. lOd. per lb. His neighbours said he had dis covered the sheep that grew the Golden Fleece, and rushed for his blood (his sheep's blood). But eventu ally a wise man hunted down the story of these bales, and this was the story. In the first place they were shorn from the backs of the oldest ewes on the station just a sheet of paper from each ewe, all the rest skilled cff. Next there was in Paris a great battle for trade between two pianoforte manufacturers, and none but a peculiarly fine, soft wool would make the cloth for the piano hammers. This was the wool from the old ewes' backs. These buyers discovered the bales and the meagre quantity of them, and each determined to have the lot. Pleyel got the lot, and possibly that lot made Pleyel's fame. Certainly Pleyel's purchase made Brown's fortune. Long life to France and Germany too, and tc all the world that will come to our aid ! The people of Australia have no thirst for any blood ; but, though we may welcome all the world to enter in and dwell with us, there is no reason for risking our own identity and national spirit ; and many people say there is just a little of that in our good Liedertafel' s work. Many people seem in doubt as to the exact purpose of the Liedertafel — whether it is to amuse a score of singers, or to gratify the rare and curiously cultured taste, or to produce a weak imitation of what is well done in Germany i It should be something a little higher than any or all of these ; it should seek to touch that chord which vibrates through the general nature ; and perhaps it does seek something of the sort, but not always in the right fashion. It copies German, instead of studying Saxon. The part-singing of Germany was the outcome — or the accompaniment, perhaps — of a vast national move ment ; it culminated in that truly notable hymn, one verse of which, even as chilled by translation, will certainly live for ever. Where'er resounds the German tongue, Where German hymns to God are sun;., There, gallant brother, take thy stand, That is the German Fatherland. But have we no culminations of a like kind ? Let us try hack a little and keep as far as possible from the wretched braggart inanities of 'Rule Britannia' and 'The Red, White, and Blue.' What of 'Ye Mariners of England ' and its glorious climax : — Britannia needs no bulwarks. No towers along- her steep. Her march is o'er the mountain waves Her home is on the deep ; With thunder from her native oak, She quells the floods below, As they sweep through the deep While tbe stormy winds do blow. And those words are not without music, which, if it be not fit to be sung to-day, may very well be bettered. If there is one spark of Saxon fire or honest music in our composers they will reach back to England in this matter and quit Spicer and Germany. Not that it is well or wise to affect to despise Germany. Despise Germany ! the land that bore the music of Handel and Beethoven and Mendelssohn — music at its best — so sweet and strong that it move6 the child in its cradle to smiles and the strong man at his labour to tears. It is the strength of simplicity which the Liedertafel has to learn. It is in just the same quag mire as those dear girls whose lips of gold would be kissed of the world did they sing us the old songs our mothers used to sing, hut whose most ambitious flights weary the weak and vex the wise, because they are all imitation. But what does the country care for singing ? Not much, more's the pity. There is far too little singing in the bush, and it is in the bush where the original, the national, song should be born. And it may be answered it has been born, and has died for lack of any natural nursing mother of music. There were some quaint old songs born in the old time, and they linger still, but their value is chiefly in their quaintness, their utter contrast to the life we know. How strange does it seem to one bred near a city to hear some spiderlegged youth of a station, pipe out the old legend of "Bold Jack O'Donoghue," or Frank Macnamara's blasphe- mous legend of the " Prisoner's Tour to Hell." The youth has no understanding of the absurdity of him- self, or his song ; but to the ordinary man he is as strange as a ghost of some sergeant of Lachlan Mac- quarie s little army stepping out in his old uniform, and presenting his old flint-lock musket. The past lives in him, at least the paltry immortality of the past, or it is hard proven fact that the songs of the time are its immortal essence. How then shall we live 100 years hence? Heaven send us a strong historian, for we have neither a singer nor a song ! Archibald Forbes told us that he had found some Australian songs written by a brother, but that mistake went chiefly to prove that Archibald Forbes knew very little about songs. He learned something of Australia during his stay here, but his education in song has yet to begin. And even about his impres- sions of Australia there is already much cavil, as may be expected. They would be very poor impressions if they brought nothing but acquiescence. Their sting is in proportion to their strength, and both are tolerably deep. Archibald Forbes is a better critic than was poor Anthony Troliope ; but even of Archibald it was said the other day, and amongst many hearers, "He knows no more of Australian characteristics than of the planet Saturn. I could ride alongside a coachman from Sydney to Brisbane and learn more about Australia than I could learn from Archibald Forbes if I went twice round the world with him." It is possible the coachmen do seem very wise at times; but then we always see them through a mellow haze of whisky, and that magnifies and glori- fies their wisdom. Two or three attempts have been made to put coachmen's wisdom in a book ; but they have not produced great results. 1 trunk it must be rather plain to those who can correctly count their beans that we are rather over doing the exhibition business. Since 1879 there has scarcely been a brief interval in which expensive commissions have not been at work. We have tw o running now— one for Amsterdam, the other for Calcutta — and it is only necessary to read the reports of the work these commissioners are doing to realise the utter absurdity of this colony taking part in so many shows. Instead of exhibits being sent by those who are manufacturing or producing free of all cost to the country, the present custom, it seems, is to buy or beg a few articles, so that a court for the space of which a large sum is paid may be filled. The game is not worth the candle, and although that not very reliable authority, Mr. Hen niker Heaton, has aired his eloquence in defence of the show at Amsterdam, it is very clear that in the matter of gaining Australian assistance towards hold ing it, there was much which was remarkably crooked. The appreciation of the public is unmis takably with Mr. Holt. I think a less expensive way of employing our perpetual committeemen could be devised than these shows. If a certain amount of this sort of thing must be conducted each year, let it be done in connection with some home object. The Heatons and Davieses could, for instance, be appointed a com mittee to explore Central New. Guinea, and, like the travelling members of the Pickwick Club, at their own expense, of course. But speaking of exhibitions, there is one about to be held in Parramatta wiiich is well deserving of public support and attention. It is to encourage juvenile industrial work of all kinds, and- will be open next December. I would caution its directors that it is necessary to exercise more than ordinary care in receiving exhibits for shows of this kind. In too many instances the work which is supposed to be ' performed by apprentices is done by their masters. In one case — that of the Bathurst Exhibition — there were several tricks of the kind referred to played. Not long since, too, a philanthropic gentleman (in another colony) offered a prize for the best essay by juveniles on a certain subject. The work which did obtain the money was supposed to be that of a boy under 12 years : but few who read it arrived at any other .con clusion than that no child could possibly have such ideas. The opinions expressed were those of mature age. The boy had simply written from dictation. It would be a good plan to have, in connection with these Juvenile Exhibitions, workshops in which the juveniles competing could operate a certain number of hours each day. Many small machines could be erec ted at a small cost. Apprentices to coachmakers, carpen ters, turners, carvers, blacksmiths, jewellers, and other trades could thus be seen making the articles for ex hibition, and no part of the show would be more in teresting or attract more visitors than the workshops. At the late Exhibition of the engineers, a potter's wheel, simple and quaint though it was, proved a very attractive exhibit. If Melbourne's trade is to be] shifted to this city, and so far as wool and sheep are concerned, I believe such a change is in course, it is evident^that Melbourne men will come here to do the necessary business. And readers may remember that in the interesting little skirmishes I have had with Messrs.^ Golds brough and Co. regarding the question that I always stuck to the one point, which was ' that where buyers could be found there would be sellers.' The slieep fair at present in progress clearly illus trates that such is the fact. The Tasmanians, backed by a little local energy, have made this a sheep market, and now with a'rush we have nearly all the flockowners of Victoria with their sheep. Thus it would appear that after all Sydney is to be the great central mart for things which are fleecy. Railways have done their work. Mr. Buyer and Co. can now come to Sydney just as easily as, some years ago, they could go to Melbourne. I might quote from the beautiful pastoral poem, ' Mary had a little lamb but I won't. 'We may, however, liken the buyers to Mary : wherever they go, the little lamb -is sure to reach. As the present Minister for Works is just the man who will not stand any confounded nonsense, ' you know,' it is likely that the longlookedandcraved for revised freight tariff will soon be produced. He knows something too about carrying, and doubtless will be able to afford a satisfactory reply to the brewer of Orange, who very clearly proves that by the present tariff it costs less to send a tun of ale 377 miles than 185 miles. This is not the way cabmen of Sydney charge, but railway people do most extra ordinary tilings. It is time, however, that Mr. ?Wright made a few transformations. We have good railways and good officers in connection therewith. Our tariff need not long remain a laughing stock or a worry. The want of success experienced by the Australian Frozen Meat Company, as illustrated by their late report, may be accepted as another proof that the pastoralists of Australia are like the waggoner so aptly rebuked by Jove. They will not place their own shoulders to the wheels. The company in question was formed with the special object of relieving the overstocked meat markets, but only 180 pastoralists took shares. A few had to do the work for the many. The Sydney Meat-preserving Company was, and perhaps is, similarly circumstanced. I11 this case for many years the few had to keep large amounts of capital sunk 60 that the whole could obtain at Homebush prices a shade over boiling-down rates. It was only by extreme pressure that the stock agents of the city induced their employers to grant to the company a small percentage on stock sold, and since this charge small dividends have been secured by the shareholders. There is in palliation of this indifference the thought that so insecure has been the tenure of land granted to stock raisers or breeders that they feared to spend an extra farthing for any purpose save that which was actually necessitous. So long as the land shark, in the shape of a sham selector, was about, the surplus had to be kept for war purposes. Sham selectors had to be fought. Thus the late Mr. Mort was left for years unaided. He spent his thousands in experiments, wliile those for whom he was work ing complacently looked on with a clasp on their cheque books. A good land law may bring about liberal feelings, and the stigma of meanness may be removed. 