TOWN POLICE COURT. THURSDAY, 22nd MARCH. (Before Messrs Williams and Fitzgerald, J.P.) DRUNK.—Eliza Rogers (her 50th time), was lined 29s, or a week in gaol. OBSCENE LANGUAGE —Agnes Butterworth was charged with making use of obscsne language in Main street. Constable Smith proved the office. Accused said she was drunk at the time, and did not know what she was doing. Fined 20s, or seven days' imprisonment. DAMAGE TO PROPERTY.—Michael Kiely v James Healey, damage :to a gun, value £2. Mr Gaunt for plaintiff, and Mr Salter for defendant. Defendant admitted chop- ping the gun in two, but under great provo- cation. The parties resided at Navigators. Defendant was fined 1s, 20s damages, and 25s costs; in default of distress, imprison- ment. WOUNDING WITH A KNIFE —Wm. Fisher, an old man, pleaded not guilty to a charge of inflicting grievous bodily harm on a woman named Dorothea Marina Huie by stabbing her with a knife on the 12th March. From the evidence given by Hule, it ap- peared that on the 12th March she was in Fisher's house, and she said to him, " If you can't keep me I will have to live with some- body who can." A few minutes afterwards Fishersaid to her, "Are you going to re- main with me," and "if you are not, you will not live with anybody else." He then draw a butcher's knife, and said, "I will do for you and then for myself." He stabbed her in the breast with the knife, and made a second blow, which stabbed her on the hand. Cross-examined by prisoner—Never wanted for anything while living with prisoner. Was not in bed at Frood's on Saturday. On the following days went to the Chinese and slept in their house. Margaret Sutton gave unimportant evidence. Dr Bunce deposed that he saw the woman Huie on the 13th. She had a ssuperficial cut 4 inches long below the left breast. She had also two wounds on her light hand. The wound on the breast had not penetrated deeply, probably owing to her having moved away at the time of the blow. None of the wounds were dangerous, unless erysipelas or blood poisoning set in. The wounds were inflicted with a dirty knife. Senior-constable Thompson deposed that with Constable Trainor he went to the pri- soner's house on the 13th instant. Fisher said he threw the knife in the creek, but witness found it (produced) in the bedroom. There was blood on both sides of it. Pri- soner said Haie's had got cut by his pulling the knife out of her hand. Saw tbe paper (produced) lying on the table. It read— "Mrs James Huie is nothing but a Chinese w—, which I have found out to be. She is living at the Chinese carpenter's shop, opposite the John O'Groat hotel. Main road. I hope my ghost will haunt her until her death. My daughter margare Lowe will take all I have got to put me in my grave. Only I struck her rib she would have gone with me. Good-bye, my dear May. (Signed) WILLIAM FISHER." Witness said to priso- ner, " If you wrote that, you are mad. He said, "I ,wrote it, and I was mad yesterday. I drank four quarts ot beer." Then brought him to the lock-up. On the 12th, as wit- ness passed prosecutrix' house, she called him. Her hand was bleeding, and she made a complaint. When Fisher was asked why he stabbed her, he said, "Oh, it's all a drop of drink, or perhaps it was the Chinaman that done it." Constable Trainor gave cor- roborative evidence, and prisoner was com- mitted to take his trial at the Ballarat General Sessions on 17th April. DEBT.—H. Rehfisch v Robert Thurston, goods, £3 11s 7d ; order for amount and 7s 6d costs.—-Mrs Susannah Martin v Mrs John Williams, work, 10s. Mr Gaunt for defendant. Order for 10s and 5s costs. The court then adjourned. 