Muriel and I. BY ROWLAND MORRISON. CuiorErE I.--How I IMET HER. APPENING one morning, to wards the close of the year 1S7-, to glance down the 'Per sonal " column of The Argus, I came upon the following: "Dearest Jack, why this long silence? Am heart.broken by the terrible suspense. Do write. Address G.P.O. Muriel." Times out of number I had read very similarly-worded advertisements in the same column, without bestowing a single thought on them. Yet, somehow or other, this par ticular one seemed to haunt my mind in a most ridiculous manner; and I found my self several times, during the course of the day, repeating the words to myself, and falling into a reverie of speculation as to their meaning. I could not possibly, of course, then know that they were destined to possess any significance whatever for myself personally ; to become the first link in the short chain of events leading up to the happiest event of my life-my marriage with the best girl in Melbourne. But I shall come to this in due time. I had occasion the next morning to call at the General Post-office for a letter I was ex pecting to be sent to me, addressed there, from the country, when a young lady entered the office just before me, and inquired if there were any letter for Miss Muriel Parnham. " Muriel !' Instantly the advertisement of the day before flashed across my mind, and my curiosity was eagerly-and, I am afraid, unpardonably-excited. I glanced at the young lady's face as she turned to go away, letter in hand, and I thought that it was one of the prettiest I had ever seen. It was not so much in the regularity and de licacy of the features that the beauty lay perhaps her face was not faultless in this re spect-as in the sweet expression that played about her mouth, and the tender, earnest look of her clear brown eyes. It was good ness-goodness of heart, and a gentle, lovable disposition that I saw there. When I came out from the office on to the verandah, a smart shower had come on, and the rain was falling pretty heavily. The young lady was there, waiting (as I found afterwards) for a St. Kilda 'bus to come along. She had evidently been reading, and was troubled by the letter, which she held open in her hand, for her face was now very pale, and her eyes bedimmed with tears. She was sauntering along the top stop, and I had just time to notice her dangerous proximity to the edge of it; of which, from her abstracted look, I fancied her to be un. conscious, when her foot slipped over and she fell heavily. In an instant I, with one or two others who had witnessed the accident, was at her side to help her to rise ; hut the poor girl had twisted her ankle badly, and could not put her foot to the ground, so I at once hailed a passing cab, and we assisted her into it as gently as possibly. A few moments after, I having obtained her reluctant permission to see her to her home and assist her into it, we were driving together along the St. Kilda road. A few weeks passed on and Christmas was approaching. On the day of Muriel's acci dent, Mrs. Parnham had thanked me most profusely for the service I had been fortunate enough to render her daughter ; and when I told her that I should like to he allowed to call occasionally to inquire after the patient's progress, she was good enough to say that it would give her the greatest pleasure to see me whenever I chose to call. It thus came about that I was now a pretty coustant visitor at the house, and many a pleasant evening I spent with the old lady and her two daughters-for Muriel had a sister, Esther, some two or three years her junior. My pleasure, however, on these oc casions was not unmixed with pain, for, al. though Muriel was rapidly recovering from the effects of her accident, I could not but observe that a constant sadness had settled over her, and that it was with evident effort that she strove to shake it off and appear cheerful and light- hearted. It was on the evening but one before Christmas Day-how well I remember it now--that Muriel, for the first time, cast aside her melancholy in earnest, and became once more the bright, happy, cheerful girl that I have now long since known her to be naturally. I was spending the evening at the house, and our conversation turned to the approach ing festival, and to the charity, good-will, and forgiveness of injuries that ought to pre dominate in our minds at that season. During the evening Muriel was absent from the room for about half-an-hour, and when she returned the sad expression had vanished from her face, which was now irradiated by a happy smile. Taking occasion shortly afterwards by her mother's leaving the room, and Esther's sitting down to the piano to sing, she put a letter into my hand, and asked me quietly if I would post it for her that evening without saying anything about it to her mother or sister, as she wished it to be delivered in town next day. I have since learnt, as you shall presently hear, that this was Muriel's Christmas message of good-will and forgiveness to the man who was the cause of all her sorrow. CHI.ITER If.-How I WOOED AND «Wo HER. It was impossible for anyone to know Muriel and not like her; it was impossible for me to know her long and not love her. A year had gone by since the events narrated above, and I now never allowed a week to pass without paying at least one visit to the Parnhams' house--often more : and I knew that after each of these occasions I looked forward to the next as eagerly as a school-boy to his holidays. In fact, in plain, simple language, I was over head and ears in love with Muriel Parnham. Often in the cool of the summer evenings we would take walks together along the St. Kilda Esplanade or pier, the sea-beach, or Albert Park, conversing on every imaginable topic but one-the cause of Muriel's sorrow when I first made her acquaintance. She had never, by any chance, alluded to the subject, and, of course, her silence regarding it was sacred to me. So time passed on until, as I have said, I hal known her for a year. It was a lovely December evening, and we were strolling together arm-in-arm up and down the pier. "Do you remember, Muriel," I said to her, " what anniversary this is ?-the anni versary of your unfortunate accident." She looked up in my face half- seriously, half-playfully, as she replied: " Unfor/unateaccident. I am sure mamma and Esther look upon it as the anniversary of a most happy accident, since it brought them the pleasure of knowing you." " And for yourself, Muriel, dear ?" I said. "Do you share the sentiments of your mamma and Esther ?" "Of course. You ought to know I do. Don't you know I do ?" she asked, giving my arm a squeeze, and blushing as her eyes met mine. "I know that it is a very happy anniver. sary for me, dear," I answered. And so we went on, and so we talked. I dare say, reader mine, you could tell me the general drift of our conversation, and its sum and substance, just as well as I could tell you, for you know all about it yourself. Everywhere it is the same, and the cat is never let altogether out of the bag until the same preliminary of letting it peep out has been gone through. At last I led her to a seat, and then I unburdened my soul, and poured my tale of love into her ear. I reminded her again how we had known each other for a whole year; how I believed I had fallen in love with her when I first saw her ; how, at any rate, I had since, as surely she had seen herself, grown to love her very, very dearly, and more dearly every day ; how my whole being was bound up in hers; and how she had be. come necessary to its happiness, if not to its very existence; and I asked her if she could love me in return, and if she would be my wife, andl make me the happiest man in the world; and I vowed that if she would do this I would devote the whole of my life and energy and thoughts to making her happy; and, when I saw by her face what her answer was before she spoke, I drew it towards mine, aind she gave me a kiss that sends a thrill through me even now when I think of it.. Yes, all this passed just as. only at a much greater length than I have written it, and when we rose to return home our affiance had been sealed by more loving vows and kisses. "And now. dearest Arthur," said my sweet girl, "I am going to raise a ghost." "A ghost, my little necromancer!" I re plied. " And whose ghost are you going to raise ?" "The ghost of a skeleton I once had in my cupboard," she replied. "I have long ago buried it, and have never wished or in tended to summon it to earth again; but now that I am yours and you are mine, I shall not be perfectly happy until I have shown it to you, and you know the only secret that I have to tell you ; and as I shall never have any more skeletons to bury, I shall never have any more ghosts to raise," she added, giving my arm a desperate hug as she smiled up mn my face. And then she told me the story of Jack Arnsleigh and her self. Arnsleigh had come to Melbourne from a neighboring colony about four years ago, bringing with him an introduction to, among others, Mr. Parnham, Muriel's father, who was then alive. Mr. Parnham introduced him to his family, with whom his gentlemanly bearing and genial manners soon made him a favorite. Very soon he devoted his attentions par ticularly to Muriel, and at last appeared to be desperately in love with her. In return he completely won her affections, and she gave him her whole heart with all the un selfish passion of a girl's first love. So matters went on pleasantly enough, and Muriel and he became positively engaged, with the full consent and approval of her parents. The day of the marriage had been fixed upon and was approaching; the bridesmaids were in the preliminary stage of flutter and excitement; all the invitations for the ceremony and breakfast had been issued and accepted; and the consummation of the happiness of the young couple seemed on the eve of completion; when the sudden death of Moriel's father changed the joy into mourning, and put an end for the present to all the preparations and anticipations. Mr. Parnham had been dead for more than a year, and Muriel and Jack were to be married on the Christmas Eve of last year the year of her accident-when, soddenly, and without any cause that she could dis cover, his attentions to her began to flag, his visits to her to be less frequent, and his manners not so warm. Muriel was sadly distressed, for she loved him very dearly. She knew that she had given him no cause for this change, as her whole heart and soul, almost every thought of her mind, had been devoted to him since their engagement. But she could not bring herself to believe that he could be guilty of the cruel and cowardly sin of deserting her on the eve of their marriage, and after they had been already all but married, merely for a new fancy; and she tried to think that some false friend's scandal was at the bottom of it, and that she would be able, by renewed devotion, to win back his love, and clear away from his mind the false doubts about herself. When, however, she received one morn. ing a short letter from him, telling her that he had to go into the country for some time and could give her no present address, but would shortly write, the poor girl was nearly heart-broken, for she now began to fear the worst. Weeks passed, and no news from him came to her. Her mother and sister, who had been alarmed by her pale, sad looks, now guessed the cause of it, and questioned her. She had to tell them all, for the arrangements and invitations must be cancelled. As a last resource, however, before taking this step, so agonising to the poor girl's feelings, she determined to put in The Argus the advertisement that so power fully aroused my curiosity and interest. She knew that her mother and sister would strongly oppose her doing so, for they had persistently urged her to dismiss from her mind the man who had proved himself such a base scoundrel, and to congratulate herself instead upon her happy escape from having to realise his unworthiness when too late. For this reason she had determined to say nothing about it to them, and to ask Arns-. leigh to address his letter (if he wrote) to the G.P.O.; and thus it was that I had the great good fortune to see her there, tc assist her after her accident, to get to know her, and to woo and win her; and thus it was, too, that the advertisement became the first link in this short chain of events lead ing up to the greatest happiness of my life. It is needless to go into details about the letter I saw her receive-it was short, cold, cruel. Pretending to take offence from the advertisement, Arnsleigh had written in such a way as to put it out of Muriel's power, if she possessed ever so little self-respect, to entertain a thought of ever again resuming her past relationship to him. As I have said in an earlier part of this story, the effect of all this was to bring an intense sadness upon Muriel, and at one time even to threaten serious and lasting injury to her health. However, her noble self-reliance bore her up, and brought her safely through it all ; and, when at last she was able, on the very day that she was to have been married to her deserter, to write him a letter of Christmas charity and free forgiveness, in reply to the cruel one which he had sent her with the object of stabbing her through her self-re. spect, and of strangling her wounded love then it was that Muriel Parnham rose to the full height of her nativenobilityof soul, and emerged from the furnace of her affliction purified as gold. CHAPTER III.--How MIIIEL PAID ARNSs LEGIi's DEBTn. Muriel and I had been married for about two years. I must not omit to mention that during that period our union had been blessed with the usual " happy event ;" and my wife wishes me to add that never was there born into this world a more wonder ful, more good-tempered, or more beautiful child,or onewith thesymptoms of genius more clearly developed, than her little Arthur. We had been married, as I have said, about two years, when, one evening as I was enjoying my after-dinner smoke, Muriel came behind my easy chair, and, throwing her arms round my neck, and looking down over my head into my face, said: "Blue. beard, I want to talk to you about some thing very particularly." I knew from experience that when my wife addressed me as "Bluebeard," a re quest that I should gratify some wish of her's was sure to follow. She sat down ona stool beside me, and after soothing the way by a kiss, continued " Up to the present timne, as you know Arthur, dear, and in accordance with your wishles, I have never seen or held any com munication with Jack Arnsleigh's widow since her marriage to him three years ago, although we used to be great friends be fore that time. But since his death last year, when she was left with her young child quite unprovided for, she has been very ill. I heard to-day that she is actually dying in lodgings in Carlton. Mrs. Gun thorpe, who told me this, gave me her ad dress; and, Arthur, I want you so much to let me go and see her, and do what I can for her. Surely we may now forget the past, and let bye-gones be bye.gones." And so it was that my darling went daily to the sick bed of the woman who had once unscrupulously supplanted her in the affec tions of her betrothed husband, and soothed her last hours with kindness and affectionate attention. And so it was that the poor, young mother died blessing the name of Muriel, who had promised her, after talking it over with me, that her boy should be taken into our home and adopted by us. She bade farewell to this world on Christ. mas Eve last by a strange coincidence of dates, and on that day Muriel brought little Jack Arnsleigh home with her; and so did she endorse the nobility of her forgiveness to the living man by a still nobler testimony of forgiveness to his memory when dead,. 