ROMANCES OF HEAL LIFE. By a Wandering Musician, [Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] NO. IX.—KILLING A GHOST. Dick Stobie was cornopean player under me for many years, and sometimes travelled with me in companies made up to put over the summer months. People called him daft, but that was only because he had strong opinions of his own, and never descended to mince them. Dick was a kind of self-taught genius, who, from being an ironmoulder, pushed his way up by sheer ability till the best instrumental concerts were considered incomplete without him. Double-tonguing seemed to him as easy as supping porridge; and he seemed to read the most difficult music more by instinct than with his eyes. His peculiarity was that he could do nothing by halves. When he drank, which was more often than was good for him, he drank like a fish; and when he was sober he was preaching temperance with every breath he drew. Another weakness of his was ghosts and ghost stories—not in the sense of being frightened or awed by them, but in utterly deriding their existence, and losing no oppor tunity of investigating and exposing the ab surdity of such a belief. The secret of his weakness, I believe, was that Dick.inhis boy hood had been oppressed by a horrible aunt, who enforced obedience by threatening him with the torments of ghosts, hobgoblins, and apparitions of murdered men. This old woman had him completely subdued, and his whole [life made wretched by her appalling stories, and then the whole fabric of super stition fell, never more to have an existence for him. From being a slave to such notions Dick went to the opposite extreme, and for a time would believe in nothing at all. A good deal of this revulsion of thought passed away through time, but the an tipathy to tne old superstition clung to him, and he would ily up at a ghost story like a bull at a red rag. I am quite certain that if a whole troop of ghosts had appeared before him he would have been no more disturbed than if they had been a regiment of volun teers. In regard to spirits, ghosts, or appa ritions, he was as brave and cool and uncon cerned through sheer contempt as any man could be, though the mere scratch of a pia or any slight bodily pain would make him roar and wince worse than many would have done in getting a leg cut off without chloro form. We were in a border town with a travelling company for a fortnight's stay, where the following strange incidents took place. But for Dick's peculiar craze against ghosts, of course, the thing would never have occurred. He had been in the taproom of the chief hotel in the place when some one started the sul-ject of ghosts, and to this Dick rose like a trout at a iiy. He gave out his opinions, hot and strong, but then was told that not a mile out of the town there was a haunted house—a big place was rendered uninhabit able by one of those mysterious visitants whose existence he derided. No one could tell very well what the haunting consisted of. < )ne said it was lights seen in one part of the house on certain nights; another that it was strange sounds; and another that it wa3 a real ghost in human form; but all agreed that the life of Mr. Samuel Dow, the owner and occupant, had been rendered unbearable by the visitations, and that he only waited till he could get the house let to bid it a long farewell. This was enough for Dick. He roundly declared that he would settle the ghost if iie got the chance, and was out viewing the house the first thing next morning. There was nothing romantic or weird about the place except its loneliness. It was a big modern villa of some ten or eleven rooms with a garden in front and behind, and some tall poplar trees at either side. On a tree just within the gate a white board had been nailed announcing that the place was to let at a very moderate rent, and could be seen between ten and four o'clock. The name of the agent for the letting of the house was given on the ticket, and as it chanced to be that of a gentleman very fond of the theatre, Dick instantly decided to investigate the mystery through him. He walked back to town and called at the office of this gentle man, to whom he had already; been intro duced. Mr, Colbrun was a jovial and easy minded solicitor, full of geniality and humor, but he instantly became grave when the haunted house was mentioned by Dick, along with an expressedwish to expose the " ghost." " The fact is, I may tell you in confidence, that it is a family matter somewhat painful to those immediately concerned," said Mi". Colbrun, "and I am not very sure if Mr. Dow would care for any interference by an outsider." "Yes, that's generally the way," said Eiek, with a sneer. "No ghost can be investigated; there's so many like to have 'em about, and believe in them, and hug them to their hearts like bosom frieuds, that one hasn't half a chance against the absurd belief. I s'pose the old man rather likes being haunted!" "Not he; quite the reverse," quickly re turned Mr. Colbrun. "Indeed, if the mysterious thing could be banished he would be the happiest man in existence." "I'll soon remove it, if I get the chance," said Dick, with the utmost promptitude. "I'll make his life happy, if the showing up of a swindle like that is all that's wanted, and I'll charge him nothing for the work. What is it like "Well, it's rather a queer story, and I must admit that it seems remarkable even to ms," answered the solicitor. "Mr. Dow had a nephew, the only child of a dead sister, under his care, and he treated him rather harshly, and forced the poor lad to run away to sea. When he had been gone a yea.'.- or two—for he declared that he would never in life put a foot within his uncle's door—there was one night a terrible commotion in his empty room upstairs. It woke up both Sir. Dory and his wife; and, thinking there were thieves in the house, he started up, struck a light, and went up with a poker in his hand. Immediately he did so the commotion ceased, and not a soul was to be seen in either of the rooms— one of which was a little garret or closet in which the nephew had been in the habit of doing amateur joiner work." " Some of the servants, very likely, larking with their sweethearts, or wanting some fun at his expense," said Dick, coolly. "I'd have made them howl on the other side of their mouths." " It was not howling exactly, but more like the shouting of sailors in a storm," said the lawyer, in correction. "There was even, they say, a sound like the lashing of waves and tearing of sails, and then the loud gulch of the going down of a ship." " Imphm—just so—I see what you're coming to," growled the sceptic; "these stories always grow in the telling. Well, when did the news of the wreck of the nephew's ship come to hand ?" " About a month later, and the disaster, it was found, had happened on the very night when the sounds were heard." " All hands lost, of course, and particularly the grateful young villain who'd said he wouldn't enter the door in life?" continued Dick. "Yes, that's about it, only that he hasn't stayed away much since then, and is never tired of making his presence known. Some say they have seen him looking out of his room window in sailor garb, very pale and unhappy like, with the whole place brightly lighted behind him, though not a light or lamp is ever allowed in the room, but it is possible that's an exaggeration." " Very possible," said Dick, with emphasis. "Well, I'm the Ghost Killer. I've killed about a dozen in my day, more dreadful to speak of than this one, and routed out as many more that never ventured to putin an appearance. I'll take this one in hand with out fee, and, instead of letting the house forty pounds below it3 value, the old codger will be glad to end his days in it in joy ana peace. Let me but spend a few odd niphts in the haunted room, with plenty of refreshments at hand, and full liberty to serenade the ghost with my celebrated double-tonguing solo and any appropriate selection that strikes my fancy, and I'll engage you'll hear of it no more." "But it's possible you may see nothing," suggested the lawyer. "Nothing more likely; these ghosts are like drunken actors, they always disappoint when they're most depended upon. But, bless you! even a ghost can be caught napping at times. The last one who tried it on with me got three months with hard labor for his pains. It cured him of his tricks, and he's now as diligent and hard-working a stone mason as there is in town. Bub I may tell you this, the three months he got were nothing to the walloping he got from me. That had more to do with his conversion, I'll swear, than the gaol and skilly." "Oh, then you think this one a clever swindler ?" said Mr. Colbrun with interest. " I don't care whether he's a swindler or a real one. Ghost or no ghost, he's got no right to trouble or annoy peaceable and harmless mortals. It's not lawful, as you must know. This world was made for mortals, and your vagabond ghost has no more right to be in it than I have to make free with that iron safe of yours. He's a malicious intruder, and must be bowled out." Dick related some of his experiences in ghost-hunting with such coolness and satis faction that the solicitor began to catch the infection of scepticism, and to desire that he should have an opportunity of showing his boasted skill. Dick, I believe, must have been particularly low in what phrenologists call the bump of veneration. To him an old ruin, though fairly encrusted with historical memories and traditions, would have been simply a rubbishy collection of useless stone and lime, which would have been far better knocked down and utilised to build cheap houses for the poor. Poetry to him was non sense, unless .illustrated with some tangible phase of every-day life; and he would allow no halo to surround anything or any theory that would not stand the test of hard fact. "People in the pit," he said, " are generally s-hivering in their shoes at the ghost of Hamlet's father, but in the orchestra we see only the dirty gauze hanging over his suit of tin mail, and the white paper and the foil with which the property man has just done up his truncheon. His solemn tones don't awe us, for we know the same voice and tongue will be calling for a glass of half- and half at the nearest bar as soon as the perfor mance is over. It's the same with lots of other things—ghost stories included—the gilt's all rubbed off 'em to us, we're up to the trick of them, and only laugh at the paint and tinsel." His strong and i-ough way of puttingthing3 so impressed the solicitor that he agreed to mention the proposal to the owner of the haunted house, and next day Dick was de lighted to receive a warm invitation to supper at the big house. As soon as the performance was over, the solicitor called for him in a cab, and they were driven out together, Dick taking his cornet with him, not so much for the purpose of pleasing the ghost as of letting his new acquaintances know at all parts of the night how cool and unconcerned he would be though a horde of ghosts should be let loose on him. The supper was quite a jovial affair, and the talk so one-sided that before it was over they had all become convinced that no ghost would that night venture to show itself, although it chanced to be pretty near the date at which it had first made itself known. A little before the orthodox hour of twelve Dick was conducted upstairs to the locked bedroom and closet in which the g'nosr, delighted to thump, and kick, and shout when no one was there to check his vagaries. Dick had been bold from the first, but after the supper, at which some twenty-year-old whisky had been consumed, he was courage personified, A bottle of whisky was'takea up for his refreshment, and the hall supplied an old musket with bayonet attached, as well as a blunderbuss loaded to the muzzle, and a Turkish scimitar with an edge as keen a lancet. _ Besides these formidable weapons Dick carried a far more reliable one than any in shape of a stout walking stick nearly an inch thick, " I might kill somebody with the others without hurting them much," he remarked to his host, •' but with the stick it's different—I can hurt them a great deal without killing them." According to arrangement Mr. Colbrua and the proprietor, Mr. Do w, retired as soon as Dick had been shown to his strange quarters for the night, and, just as midnight was pealing from every clock they heard the mellow tones of his cornet swelling out the air of "Still so gently o'er :ny senses steal ing." No man can be in great bodily fear and at the same time perform a good instru mental solo, any more than one can compose a great poem while devouring a juicy orange, and Dick had never played better in his life, so they were convinced that he was not only safe, but cool as ever. The ghost, however, was not punctual; indeed, Dick had indulged in many solos and intervals, and one o'clock was long past and gone, and still not a shadow or a light ap • peared. There was neither light nor lire in the room, but it was nearly mid-summer, and not so densely dark but he could see every part of the room. In the middle of one o*£ Dick's operatic selections he was astonished to hear a modest cough from the door of the closet adjoining, and, looking round, saw standing in the entrance a young lad of nineteen or so, clad in sailor garb, with a pale face, almost luminous in the darkness, dripping locks, and an unmistakably drowned appearance. Dick stared at the intruder, but to this day declares that he was neither frightened nor surprised, and I believe it to be the truth. The ghost gave another slight cough, as if to announce his presence, but Dic-k, with a motion of his left hand, inti mated that he wished to finish his solo, and the ghost politely acceedcd—coming, how ever, a little nearer in the interval, and posing grandly with folded arms in .front of the player, like a stage sailor about to begin a hornpipe. At leDgth, with a grand cadenza, full of dextrous manipulation and tooting, Dick conducted his solo, which the ghost had the had taste not to applaud. " I'm a ghost," he said severely, to Dick. " It needs no ghost sent from the grave to tell us that," said Dick," busy blowing the water from his instrument. " As the Bailie says in 'Rob Hoy,' 'It's naething to brag abcot.' Well, have you got anything to say for yourself?" The ghost looked nonplussed. This!was evidently a question that had never before been addressed to hira—people had taken his existence for granted, and conceded without question his right to trouble and frighten them ; but here was a new idea, and one for which he had no answer prepared. He had nothing to say for himself, and fidgeted not a little over the discovery. " I'm afraid you're an impostor, and I mean to kill you," said Dick putting down his cornet and getting the blunderbuss ready. " Stop! no—I'm not an impostor," quietly answered the ghost; " and you need not fire that thing, for bullets have no effect upon me. See, I'll prove what I say by standing between you and the window. Now, look through my head and body—■ yon see the trees and garden quite distinctly, don't you?" "Well, yes—I must admit that I see through you now," said Dick, rather reluctantly. "Then you admit that I'm a genuine ghost?" "I admit that you seem to be genuine,' cautiously answered Dick. " Still unconvinced 2" reproachfully re turned the ghost, " well hold out your hand." "Whatfor? apalmie?" " No, no; don't be a fool ?" impatiently an swered the ghost. "There,you seel stand on your hand yet you feel no weight. Are you convinced 2" and the ghost actually hoisted himself on one foot on Dick's hand, which did not sway a hair's breadth under the weight. "Yes, it seems fair enough; but that doesn't affect my question," said Dick, put ting him down again and resuming his re proving tone. "You must admit that you are a great nuisance. You depreciate the value of this property?" "What is property tome?" said the spectre in correction. " That's a selfish view of the question," re torted Dick. " Besides this ain'c your sphere at all. You ought to keep your own side o£ the house and let us mortals keep ours. You're an intruder." "It's only for fun," interposed the spectre, half in apology. " I'm only making game o£ them." " Trespassing in pursuit of game," severely continued Dick. "You know well enough it's against the law, and if you had any known dwelling-place you'd be summoned before the nearest J.P. for it. You take a mean ad vantage of your condition to pester and annoy people who never did you any harm. You might at least have waited till you got them over beside you—on your side of the house, so to speak, and then used them as you pleased." "Revenge wont wait," answered the ghost, with a shake of his wet and dripping hair. "You're not quite logical," said Dick. "First you only want to make game of people—including me, I suppose—now it's revenge. As a ghost you ought to be ashamed of yourself for harboring such a feeling. You deserve to be drowned over again to rid you of it." " No use; you can't kill a man twice," said the spectre. " 1 am not sure of that. I mean to try and settle your hash for you," said Dick, again getting the blunderbuss ready. " It's like you miserable mortals," scorn fully retorted the spectre. " You would fire on a defenceless ghost, and yet you speak of me taking a mean advantage." " Well, let it be a fair and square set to with nothing but our fists," said Dick, putting down the weapon and getting on his feet. " You can box, I suppose ?" " A little," modestly returned the spectre, brightening up at once and assuming the sparring attitude with the utmost prompti tude. "Well, then, there's one for your nob," and Dick sent all his strength into a tremendous " oner" on the eyes of the ghost, but, to his astonishment, went through the face as easily as he might have passed through a sunbeam, and was only brought up by his Gat coming bang against the solid wall of the room. "Gracious goodness I oh! ce! all! m-m-ni!'' roared Dick,iioppingabout on one le£ and shak ing liis bruised hand, and tenderly feeling the sore,knuckles, I forgot about you being a ghoSt, How on earth am I to get a hit at you ?'» The answer of the ghost was a drive of his list at Pick's nose, which it caught with the force of a sledge hammer of solid steel. Had Dick banged himself against the wall he could nob have been more damaged. " Oh Lor5he groaned, transferring his attention to his nose, and gingerly feeling for the place where it had been. "1 say—come Dow—yon know—fair play's a jewel—this is hardly the thing; quite a one-sided affair. Who'd "have thought you could hit out like that?'-' The gliost smiled complacently, like one who; had decidedly the bosfc of it, and told him to get ready. Dick reluctantly obeyed, and they had several rounds, Dick getting ^otue .severe mauling, and the ghost being apparently impervious to blows. Now Diclcs busy fists went through the ghost's eyes, now through his body, and occasionally Dick's hard-toed boots went sharply through the spectre legs in a sly kick, but always with damage only to the walls, furniture, mirror, or pictures, and his own bands and feet. The-noise they made was heard over the "whole house, but no one ventured up to watch the contest. At length Dick called for a parity, and took up his cornet to fill up the interval with a little music. But to his grief he found that one of the tremendous Mows had been, delivered on his lips, and tfcey were already so swollen that he could not shape a note. "My Hp wont be in condition for a week after this set to." he reproachfully observed to the ghost. "If my salary's stopped I'll charge it to you." " Time's up," promptly returned the ghost, beginning to bob up and down, and square out, and hop about on his toes, after the ap proved fashion. "Do you give it up'.' Are you fairly beaten ?" "Kotyct," savagely responded Dick, taking up the Turkish scimitar, and getting on his feet. " I'll have another go at you with this, My knuckles are too sore for boxing." An instantaneous gravity fell upon the ghost at sight of the sharp weapon. "I'm afraid—that is—I would rather he ex cused from facing that weapon," he stam mered. shrinking palpably. "Why*' " Because it is possible it has at some time taken a human life, and in that case " " In that case—what "In that case it might be fatal to me," reluctantly answered the ghost, whereupon Dick leaped as high as the table in joy, " I'm glad to hear it—take that 1" and he made a slash at the ghost which would have shaved its head off as clean as an onion top had he not ducked at the instant as neat as a clown in a pantomime. Again and again Dick slashed at the ghost, following it all round the room for the purpose, and doing some fine execution on the furniture with the sharp steol, but never getting a cut at the lithe and active apcctre. At length Dick paused to reason matters a little with himself. The ghost ducked about twelve inches only at each bob—just enough, indeed, to save his head— if Dick made a sudden and unexpected slash two feet below the natural height of the ap parition, he thought ho might settle him. The quick-witted plan was instantly acted upon—the sudden slash was made—the ghost bobbed down only the usual twelve inches, and in a moment his head rolled along the floor. The trunk at the same moment toppled over, and then head and body lay half a room apart, bleeding profusely—with tlii3 pecu liarity,! that they bled light instead of blood. "Tlnnk I've got the best of it !!3 cricd Die's with a joyful caper. " You may give up the ghost. Youv hoccupatiop's gone."' "You—you might help a fellow to put on bis head again," said the head feebly, with a wistful look along at the body, which moved Its hands in slow entreaty. '" I'll soon 002 out into nothing if you don't have mercy."' " Ooze away—you're a pest to everybody, and,the sooner you're out of existence the fcetter," callously answered Dick. "We're tent into this world to make ourselves useful to one another, to help, and love, and be kind to each otherbut you, you villain! you're neither fish, flesh, nor guid salt herring. It' you were, I d break every bone in your body. Out! out you go !" and to hasten the exit, Dick trod on head and body till they shrank and shrank in size, and finally disappeared altogether, "I aaid I •would kill the ghost, but it's been a precious tough job,-"he said, as he laid down his weapon. " I think I've fairly earned my night's rest f and stretching him self out on the comfortable couch he was soon fast asleep. v * - 1 , In the morning Mr. Dow tremulously ascended to the haunted room, unlocked the •door, and let himself in. The room and fur niture were in a terrible state—slashed, broken, and mangled; two empty bottles lay on the floor, and on the couch lay Dick Stobie dead—at least they say so—dead—drunk. He was allowed to sleep on till the afternoon, when he related his .adventure with the ghost, and was surprised that he got no thanks for his bravery, but instead every kind of scowling reproach for the damage he had done in the room. ' Even his bruised knuckles and damaged nose, eyes, and lips excited no pity ; and even Mr. Dow was uncharitable enough to hint that no spirit had been there but what came oiit of the bottle. Dick, however, assured them positively that the ghost was effectually laid, and would never trouble them more; and, strange to relate, he was right. Neither noises, lights, nor any other appearance was seen in the room from that night. -Still more wonderful to relate, but a ■week or two after Dick's terrible contest a you£g tailor appeared at the house alive, and- lh cxcellont health and spirits, who proved to bo the nephew, who had been picked up at sea along with the rest of the crew, and positively asserted that he had not only never been a ghost, but did not intend to be one for sLxty years to come. There was great rejoicing over the return, and Dick was invited back to play at the \fels, and was handsomely paid for his work." It'.was some years later before Mr. Dow discovered that the noises had originally been caused by a servant who wished him to remove back to Glasgow, in which all her own fiiends — including her sweetheart — resided. As for the ghost which appeared to Pick, hp never attempted to explain it, so neither shall I. ( To be coytihnied.) 