The Storyteller. Donal Grant.* CHAPTER XXVI.— (Continued.) BY GEORGE MACDONALD. Author of " Alec Forbes," "Malcolm," &c.;,&c.; THE health of the earl was as usual fluctuating. It depended much on the nature of his special indulgences. There was hardly any sort of narcotic with which he did not at least make experiment, if not in which he did not indulge. In so doing he made no pretence even to himself of experiment for the further ance of knowledge ; he knew that he wanted solely and merely to find how this or that, thus or thus modified or combined, would affect himself and contribute to his living a life such as he would have it, and plainly other than that ordered for him by a power which least of all powers he choae to acknow ledge ; the powers of drugs he was eager to understand; the power of the living source of him and them he would scarcely recognise. This came of no hostility to religion other than the worst hostility of all, that of a life incon sistent with any acknowledgment of supernal claim. He believed neither like saint nor devil; he believed and did not obey; he believed and did not yet tremble. On one day lie was better, on another worse, I say, according to the character and degree of his indulgence. At one time it greatly affected bis Lumper, taking from him all mastery of himself; at another made him bo dull and stupid that he resented nothing except any attempt to rouse him from his habitude. But the worst influence of all was a constant one yet one of which, if ho was at all for the present conscious, he was yet entirely regardless. However the different things might vary in their operations upon him, to one end at least they all tended, and that was the destruction of whatever remained to him of a moral nature. Moved all hia life by rebellion against what he called the conventionalities of society, he had committed great wrongs—whether also what are called crimes, I cannot tell; no re pentance had followed, whatever remorse the consequences of thorn may have occasioned. Even the possibility of remorse was gradually disappearing from his nature. But, so long as nothing occurs causing the possible to em body itself in tho actual, such a man may live honoured, and die respected, although in truth he belongs rather to the kind demoniacal than the kind human. There remains, however, always the danger of his real nature, or rather unnature, breaking out in this way or that demoniacal. Although he went so little out of the house, and apparently never beyond the grounds, he yet learned a good deal at times of things going on in the neighbourhood. Davie brought him news, so did Simmons; and now and then he would have an interview with his half-acknow ledged relative at the home farm, for yean not a few the faithful agent of the family in what concerned the land and its tenancies. One morning before the earl was up he Bent for Donal, and requested him to give Davie a half-holiday, and do something for him instead. "You know, or perhaps you don't know," he said, " that I have a house in the town— the only house, indeed, now belonging to the title—a strange and not very attractive house : you must have noticed it—on the main street, a little before you come to the Morven Arms. "I believe I know the house, my lord," answered Donal—" with strong iron stanchions to the lower windows, and —" " Yes, that is the house; I see you know it; and I daresay you know the story of it —how it came to be deserted, as it now is ? That was more than a hundred years ago! But I have spent Borne nights in it since myself notwith standing." " I should like to hear the story, ray lord," said Donal. His lordship eyed him as if ho doubted him ; then, apparently satisfied, went on. " Well," he said, " you may as well have the story from myself as from another ! Happily, it docs not come near anyone living. The family was not then represented by the same branch as now, else I might perhaps be thin skinned about it. This is no legend, mind you; it is a simple and very dreadful fact, and led to the abandonment of the house. I think myself, however, it is nearly time it should be so far forgotten that at least the house should let. It might by this time be considered as purified ! The castle and the title had not then parted company; that is a tale worth telling, too! there was no fair play in that either! but I will not trouble you with it now. One at a time is enough. "Into the generation then above ground, by one of those freaks of nature specially strange, and yet more inexplicable than tho rest, had been born an original savage. Mark me—just as the old type, upon which ever so many modifications have been wrought, will yet some times reappear in the midst of the newest edition, so it was now; I speak in no figure of speech "when I say that the apparition, the phenomenon, was a savage. Ido not mean to say that he was an exceptional rough man for his position, but for any position in the Scot land of that age. No doubt he was regarded as a madman, and used as a madman; but my opinion is the more philosophical—namely, that, just as a foal has in our day been born with three feet to one leg, like his ancestors of the old marshy time, when but for those three to a leg the ground would have swallowed up the race, so here, by an arrest of development, into the middle of the ladies and gentlemen came a veritable savage, tbeir brother, and that out of no darkest age of history, but from beyond all history, out of the awful prehistoric times." Here hi.s lordship visibly and involuntarily shuddered, as from the memory of something he had actually seen, and Donal concluded that into that region too he had wandered in some one, or perhaps many, of his visions. "He was a fierce and furious savage," he went on, "worse than anything you can imagine. The only sign of the influence of civilisation upon him was that for the moment he was cowed by the eye of the man who acted as his keeper. Never, except by the rarest chance, was he left alone and not asleep; experience had proved that no one could tell what he might not do. " He was of gigantic size, with coarse black hair—the brawniest fellow and the ugliest, they say ; for you may suppose my description is legendary: there is no portrait of him on any of our walls !—with a huge, shapeless, The sole ii«ht of publication in Queensland of 'IJonul Grant" lias been purchased" by the Bnsbane Newspaper Company, Limited. cruel, greedy mouth." As his lordship said the words, Donal, with involuntary insight, saw both cruelty and greed in the mouth that spoke, though it was neither hugo nor shapeless. 1 Lips hideously red and large, witn the whitest tcoth inside them. I give you the description thus minute," said his lordship, who evidently lingered with pleasure on the details of his recital, "just as 1 used to hear it from the mouth of an old nurse who had been all her life in the family, and had it from her mother, who was in the family at the time. His great passion, his keenest delight, was animal food. He ate enormously—more, they said, than two of the heartiest men could have eaten. And to eat he was ready at any and every hour of tho day, except that in which he had just gorged himself. Roast flesh was his main delight, but he was very fond of broth also. He must have been more like Mrs. Shelly's Frankenstein than any other of fact or fancy! All the time that, as quite a young man, I was reading the story, I had the vision of my far-off cousin constantly before me, as I had seen him in my mind's eye while my nurse described him, ana I kept wondering whether Mrs. Shelley could ever have heard the same description of him. As the creature was unfit for any kind of society whatever—in an earlier age they would have got rid of him by readier and more thorough means, if only for shame of having brought such a being into the world —they sent him with his keeper, a little man with a powerful eye, to the house of which I speak; far away in an altogether solitary place they could not persuade any man to live with him. At night he was always secured to the bed when he slept, otherwise his keeper could never have felt secure enough to sleep at all, for he was cunning as he was hideous. When he slept during the day, which he did frequently after a meal, his attendant would content himself with locking his door, and keeping his ears awake. At such times he would step just outside the street door, to look on the world, and exchange what words he might with anyone who happened to be passing; he would neither leave the door nor shut it behind him, lest the savage should escape from his room and bar it, and then set the house on fire. " One beautiful Sunday morning, the brute, after a good breakfast, had fallen asleep on his bed, and the keeper had gone down stairs, and was standing in the street with the door open immediately behind him. All the people were at church, and the street was empty as a desert. He had stood there for some time, enjoying the sweet air and the scent of the flowers, then went in and got a light to his pipe; put coals on the fire, and saw that the huge cauldron of broth which the cook had left in his charge when he went to church—it was to serve for dinner and supper both—was boiling beauti fully ; then went back, and again took his station in front of the open door. Presently came a neighbour woman from her house, lead ing by tho hand a little girl too young to go to church. The woman and he stood talking for aome time. Suddenly cried the woman : "'Good Lord! what's come o' the bairn?' The same instant came one piercing shriek to their ears—from some distance it seemed. The mother darted down the neighbouring close. But the keeper, then first discovering ttiat the door behind him was shut, was filled with horrible dismay. He hurried to another entrance in the close, of which he always kept the key about him, and entering went straight to the kitchen. There by the fire stood the savage, gazing with a fixed fishy rapture at the cauldron, which the steam, issuing in little sharp jets from under the lid, showed to be boiling furiously, with grand prophecy of broth. With a ghastly horror creeping through his very bones, the keeper hastily lifted the lid—and there, with the broth bubbling in waves over it, lay the body of the child! The demon had torn off her frock, and thrust her, with the rest of her clothes on, into the boiling cauldron. "Not a whit was the monster ashamed of his deed! There rose such an outcry that the family was compelled to put him in chains and carry him to some place unknown, where he lived to old age, nurse said. And ever since then the house has been uninhabited, with, of course, the reputation of being haunted. If you happen to be in the neighbourhood when it begins to grow dark, you will seethe children hurrying past it in silence from tho playground near, now and then glancing back in dread lest the creature should have opened the never opened door, and be stealing after them. They are afraid of tho ll*d Elm, as they call him— only this ogre was black I am sorry to say; red would have been the better colour for him." " It is indeed a horrible story !" said Donal. "It is there I want you to go for me ; you don't mind it, do you ?" " Not in the least," answered Donal. "I want you to search a certain bureau there for some papers." " You would like me to go at once ?" "Yes." " Very well, my lord," said Donal. " By the way/ said the Earl, as if he had then just thought of the thing, "have you no news to give me about Forgue's affair ?" " No, my lord," answered Donal. " Whether they meet now I do not know, but I am afraid." " Oh, I daresay," rejoined his lordship, " like many another, the whim is wearing off! One pellet drives out another, and with the con viction behind it in the popgun that it would be simple ruin—eh, Mr. Grant? But we Graemes are stiff-necked in our ways, both with God and man, and I don't trust him much." " He gave you no promise, if you remember, my lord." " I remember very well; why the deuce should I not rcmembor ? lam not in the way of forgetting things. No, by God! nor for giving them either f Where there is anything to forgive there is no fear of my forgetting! I remember that I may not forgive." He followed this inhuman utterance with a laugh, as if he would have it pass for a joke, but there was no ring in the laugh. He then gave Donal detailed instructions as to where the bureau stood, how he was to open it with a curious key he made him find for himself in one of the drawers in the room, how also he was to open the more secret part of the bureau in which the papers lay. "Forget!" he echoed, returning to his last utterance ; " I have not been in thai house for twenty years ! you can judge whether I forget! No !" he added with an oath, "if I found myself forgetting I should think it time to look out; but there is no sign of that yet, thank God ! There ! take the keys and be off with you ! Simmons will ,?ive you the key of the house. You had better u.?;c that of the door in the close : it is easier to ope;.." Dcnal went away wondering at the pleasure the earl had seemed to take in the details of his horrible story—worse they were than I have cared to record—especially in describing how the mother took the body of her child out of the pot. He went at onco to Simmons and asked him for the key of the side door which opened in the close. The butler went to fetch it, but returned saying he could not lay his hands upon it, but there was the key of the front door, which, however, he was afraid might prove rather stiff to turn. Donal taking what he could get, and oiling it well, set out for Morven House. But on his way he turned aside into the humble dwelling in which he had spent so many hours with one who loved the truth of things with his whole heart. Andrew seemed so much worse that lio thought he must be sinking. So apparently thought Andrew, for the moment he saw Donal he requested that they might be left alone for a few minutes. "My yoong frccn'," he said, " the Lord has favoured me greatly in grantin' my last days the licht o' your coontcuancc. I hae learnt a heap o' things frao ye 'at I kenna hoo I could hae come at wantin' ye." " Eh, An'rew !" interrupted Donal, " I dinna wcel ken hoo that can be, for it aye sccmt to me ye had a* the knowledge 'at was gaein'!" " Weel, that man can ill taich wha's na gaein' on to learn ; an* may be whiles he learns raair frae the man 'at he teaches nor that man learns frac him. But it's a' frae the Lord— for the Lord is that speerit—the specrit o' a' won'erfu' an' gran' things; an' that 'cause first o' a' he's the speerit o' obeddience to the high will o' richt an' trowth. But, my son, maybe it may comfort ye a wee in some o the troubles the Lord may hae for ye i' the time to come to reflec' that the auld cobbler, An'rew Comin, gaed intil the new warl, fitter company for them that was there afore him, for the help 'at ye gied him afore he gaed. An' may the Lord mak a sicht o' use o' ye for that same. Fowk say a heep aboot savin' sowls; but ower aftcn, whan they think they hae savit them, it seems to me they hae but taen frae them the sense that they're sair in want o' savin. I wad hae a man ken in hiiusel' mair an' raair the need o' bein' saved, till he cries oot an'shouts, 4I am saved, for there's none in Haven but theo and there's nane upo' the earth I desire besido thee ! for ilka man, wuman, child, at' live cratur, is to me but as a portion o' theo whaur on to lat rin ower the love that wull ayo be risin' in him lik a f'untain!' Whan a man can say that, he's saved, but no till than, though he may hae been lang years upo' the rod, an' aye comin' nearer to that goal o' a houp, the hert o' the father o' me, an' you, an Doory, an' Eppic, an' a' the nations o' tho earth!" He stopped, weary, but his eyes, fixed on Donal, went on where his voice had ended, and for a time Donal seemed to hear what his soul was saying, and to hearken with content. But suddenly their light went out, he gave a sigh and said— "It's owar for this warl, my freen. It's comin'—tho hour o' darkness. But the thing 'at's true when the licht shines is jist as true 1' the dark ; ye canna work, that's a. God 'ill gie me grace to lie still. It's a' ane. I wad lie jist as I used to sit, i' the days whan I men'it fowk's shune and Doory happent to tak awa' the licht for a moment—l wad sit aye luikin' doon throw the mirk at my wark, though I couldna see a stirae o't, wi' the alson (aiol) i' my han', ready, aye ready to put in the neist steek the moment the licht fell upon the spot whaur it was to gang. I wad lie like that whan I'm deem', jist waitin' for the licht, an' makin' an incense offerin' o' my patience whan I hae naething ither, naither thoucht nor glad ness nor sorrow, naething but patience burnin in pain to offer. He'll accep' that. For, my son, the Maister's jist as easy to please as he's ill to satisfee. Yo hae seen a raitner ower her wee lassie's sampler ? She'll praise, an' praise, an be richt pleest wit; but wow, gien she was to be content wi' the thing in her han'! That lassie's roan, whan she cam to ha'e anc, wad "hae an ill time o't wi' his hose and sarks! An' noo I hae a fauvour to beg o' ye, no' for my sake but for hers. Gin yo hae the warnin, yo'll bo wi' me when I gang? It may be a comfort to me—l dinna keen—nanc can tell 'at hasna deed afore ; nor even than, for deiths are sao different! Doobtless Lazarus's twa deiths war far frae alike. But it'll be a great comfort to Doory. She winna find her sel' sac lancßoine like, losing sicht o' her auld man, gin the frecn o' his hert be aside her when he gangs." 41 Please God, I'll be at yer comman'," said Donal. " Noo cry upo' Doory to come, for I wadna see less o' her nor I may. It may be years afore I get a sicht o' her loin face again. But the same Lord's in her an' me, aiy we canna far be sun'ert, however lang the time may be afore we meet again." Donal obeyed, called Doory, and took his leave. Opposite Morven House was a building which had at one time been the stables to it, but was now part of a brewery, and a high wall shut it off from the street. It was now dinner time with the humble people of the town, and there was not a soul visible in the street; so Donal put the key in the lock of the front door, opened it, and entered without, bo far as he knew, a soul having seen him. So far successful, for he desired to rouse no idlo curiosity, which might have led crowding feet to the ill haunted dwelling : he moved almost on tiptoe as he entered the deserted place. He was in a lofty hall, rising high above tho first story. The dust lay thick on a large marble table in it—but what was that ?—a streak all across it, brushed sharply through the middle of the dust! It wan strange ! but he could not wait to speculate now ! He must do liis work first! and proceeded therefore to find the room to which the earl had directed. It was on the first floor, and had at one time been made some quiet use of by the present earl when a comparatively yomi£ man. He ascended, therefore, the great black oak stair case, which went up and along the sides of the hall. The house had never been dismantled, although things had at different times been taken out of it; and when Donal opened a bit of shutter toward the street he saw a pood sized room, with tables and chairs und cabinets inlaid with silver and ivory. It looked stately and comfortable, but everything was deep in dust, the curtains and carpet were thick with the deserted sepulchres of moths, and the air somehow suggested a tomb—so that Donal thought at once of the tombs'of the kings of Egypt, which, before ravaging conquerors broke into and spoiled them, were filled with such gorgeous furniture as !,neat k!n?s conld desire for the souls destined to rctu.-i and reanimate the bodies ao carefully vpicc< ami stored in cerements and coffin1?, re j'y to welcome their return, when the yreu. kings would be themselves again, with the added wisdom of the doad and judged. Conscious of v curious timidity, a kind of awesomeneas about every form in the place, he hastened, but BOftly, to the bureau, applied its key, and fol lowing carefully the direction* given him, for th« lock was an Italian one, aud hnd more than one quip :ind crank and wanton wile about it, succeeded in openingl it. His in structions had brcn so complete that he had no difficulty in finding the secret place, nor the packet which whs concealed in it» But just as lie laid his hands upon it he was sud denly aware of a swift passage along the floor without, and past the door of tho room, and apparently up tho next stair. There wns nothing ho could distinguish as footsteps, or even as the rustle of a dress, only the ghost-like motion that could not bo described. He darted to the door, which he had only by instinct shut behind him, and opened it swiftly and noiselessly. Nothing was to be seen! But it nml be no ghost. The stairs were covered with thick carpet, and a lightfoot might have passed and gone up without any sound at all but for the haste. It was but the wind of the troubled air that had told the tale ! He turned and closed the bureau, leaving the packet where it lay. If there was anyone in tho house, who could tcU what might follow? It was in truth the merest ghost of a sound ho had heard; but he would go after it! Someone might be using the carl's house for his own pur pose ! He must find out! Going softly up, he paused at the top, and looked around him. An iron-clenched door stood nearly opposite the head of the stair; and at the farther end of a long passage a door stood a little way open. From that direction came the sound of a little movement and then of low voices—one surely that of a woman I Then it flashed upon him that this might be the place of Eppic's rendezvous with Forgue. Afraid of being discovered beforo he had gathered his wits to bear on the subject, he stepped softly across the passage to the strong door opposite, opened it, not however without some noise, and stepped in, standing for a moment in dread of having thus given an alarm. It was the strangest looking chamber into which he had Hepped—doubtless, he concluded, that occupied by the ogre! Even in the be wilderment of the moment the tale he had heard in the morning was so present to his mind that he could not help casting his eyes round, and noting several things to confirm the conclusion. But the next instant came from below what sounded like a thundering knock at the street-door—a single knock, loud and fierce. I may mention here that no one ever discovered what that knock was. The inmates of any other house in the town would have taken it merely for a runaway's knock. It was hardly like that of the knocker on the door. That Donal tried, for he long puzzled over it, but he never could satisfy himself concerning it. The start it gave him set his heart shaking in his bosom. There came Instantly a little cry along the passage, and the door at tho end of it opened. A hurried, though carefully soft, step came •?& PasBe(* Donal, and went down the stair. If, 1 am right, now is my time," said Donal to myself. " Eppie is left alone." He issued from his retreat, and went along the passage. The door at the end of it was half open, and Eppie stood in the gap. Whether she had seen him come out of the ogre's room, or whether indeed she knew what the room was, I do not know, but she stood gazing with widespread eyes of terror, as if looking on the approach of the Bed Elm himself. As he came nearer the blue eyes opened wider, and seemed to fix in their orbits. Just as her name was on his lips, Eppie dropped with a moan to the floor. Donal caught her up—he was equal to a good deal more than the weight of a girl like Eppie—and hurried down. He had but reached the first floor when he heard the sound of swift ascending steps, and the next moment was face to face with Forgue. Tho latter started back, and for a moment stood staring. But mounting rage restored him to his self-possession. His first thought had been like that of Ahab—" Hast thou found mo, O mine enemy ?" But his first words were : " Put her down, you scoundrel!" " She can't stand," replied Donal quietly. "You've killed her, you damned sneaking spy!" " Then I should have been more kind than you!" " What are you going to do with her ?" "Take her home to her dying grandfather." " You've hurt her, you devil! I know you have!" " She is only frightened. She is coming to herself already. I feel her coming awake. " You feel her I" cried Forgue, with a great oath; " I will make you feel me presently. Put her down, I say." Ho hissed the words from between his teeth, for he dared not speak aloud for fear of rousing the neighbourhood. Eppie began to writhe and struggle in Donal's arms. Forgue laid hold of her, and Donal was compelled to put her down. She threw herself into the arms of her lower, and was on the point of fainting away again for joy at her deliverance. "Get out of the house, you spy," said Forgue. " I am here by your father's desire," said Donal. " As a spy," insisted Forgue. "Not to my knowledge," returned Donal. " He sent me to look for some papers." "You lie," said Forgue: "I see it in your face." " So long as I speak tho truth," said Donal, "it matters little to me that you should think me a liar. But, my lord, I request that you will give Eppie up to roe, that I may take her home to her people." "A likely thine:!" said Forgue, straining Eppie to him, and looking with contempt at Donal. " Then I will tell you, on the word of a man whom neither you nor the world shall find a liar, that I will rouse the town, and have a crowd about the house in five minutes." " You are the devil, I do believe, come from hell for my ruin!" cried Forgue. "There, take her. Only mind it is you and not Ito blame that Ido not marry her! I would have done my part. Leave us alone and I'll marry her; take her from me in this sneaking faahion, and I make no promises!" " Oh, but you will, dearest," said Eppie, in a beseeching, frightened, tone. Forgue puslu.l her from him. She burst into tears. He took her in his arms and beyan soothing her like a child, assuring her he meant nothing by what he had said. " You arc my own littlo wife," he went on, "you know you arc, whatever your enemies may drive us to. Nothing can part us now. Go with him for the present. The time will come when the truth shall be known, and we shall laugh at them all. If it were not for your sake, and the scandal of the thing, I should Bend the villain to the bottom of the stair in double quick time. But it is better to be patient." Sobbing bitterly, Eppio went with Donal down the stair, leaving Forguo shaking with impotent rage behind him. When they got into tho street Donal turned to lock the door. Eppie Beizcd the opportunity, darted from him, ana ran down the close to the side door. But it was locked, and she could not get in. Then came a sudden thought to Donal. He was with her in a moment. "You go home alone, Eppie," he said, "it will be just as well you should not go in with me. I am going to see Lord Forguo out of this." " Eh, ye winna hurt him !" pleaded Eppie. " I will not if I can help it, but he may put it out of ray power to spare him. I don't want to hurt him ; there is no revenge in me. You go homo. It will be better for him as well as for you." She went slowly away, weeping, but trying to keep what appearance of calm she might. As soon as she was round the corner, Donal hurried back to the front door, and, hastening to the side door, took the key from the lock. Then, returning to the hall, he summoned Forgue. "My lord," he said, at the bottom of the stair, loud enough to be heard through the empty house, " I havo got both the keys; the side door is locked, and I am about to lock the front door. I do not want to shut you in. Pray come down beforo I go." Forgue came leaping down the stair, and throw himself upon Donal. A fierce struggle for the possession of the key which Donal held in his hand com menced. The sudden assault staggered Donal, and he fell on the floor with Forgue above him, who immediately laid hold of the key, and tried to wrest it from him. But Donal was much the stronger of the two, and had soon thrown his lordship otf him. For a moment he was a little tempted to give him a good thrashing, but the thought of Eppie helped him to restrain himself, and he would not let him up, but contented himself with holding him down till he yielded. For awhile he kept kicking and striking out in all directions, but at lost lay still. " Will you promise to walk out quietly if I let you up?' said Donal, still holding him down. "If you will not, I will drag you out into the street by the legs." " I will," said Forgue; and getting up walked out and away without another word. Donal locked the door, and, forgetting all about the papers, went back to Andrew's. Thero was Eppie busy in the outer room, and for the present he was satisfied. She kept her backtoliim, and he took care not to address her. With a word or two to the grandmother, and a hint to keep the girl in the house as much as possible, reminding her that she might have no other to send for him if her husband should want him, he took his leave, and went home, revolving all the way one question after another as to what he ought to do or could do. Should he tell the father how the son was carrying himself, or should he not? Had the father been a man of rectitude, or even so far such as to dread the doing more than the suffering of evil, he would not have hesitated a moment; but knowing he did not care one pin what became of Eppie, so long as his son was pre vented from marrying her, he did not feel bound by the mere fact that he was tutor to tho younger son, without the smallest responsibility for the other, to carry the evil report of the elder. The father might have a right to know, but had he a right to know from him ? A noble nature finds it impossible to deal with questions except on tho highest grounds; where those grounds arc unrecognised, the relations of re sponsibility may be difficult indeed to deter mine. All he was able to conclude on his way, and he did not hurry, was, that if he were asked any questions he would speak out what he knew—bo absolutely open. If that should put a weapon in the hand of the enemy, a weapon was not the victory. [to be continued.! 