''?-. ''' ? Mil' DOTJ_LA.a AT MARYBOROUGH. Oh Monday Dight last, February 5, the Hon. John Douglas, in rosponse to nn invitation to that effect, addrestod an audibnee of: about ?Bovon hundred people iu tho Town Hall, Mary borough, on tho transcontinental railway pro ject. His Worship tho Mayor (Mr. F. Bryant) jrosided, and on tho platform wero tho Hon. H. _. Jung, speaker o ' tno -egisiativo _ssemoiy, and Boveral of the leading citizens of Mary, borough. From the local papers wo condense the following report of what ho said: — Ho (Mr.Douglns)hodundcrtnkentosnysome *hing which was of great importance to evory s one in this country, and moro espeoially when his old friends in Maryborough had asked him, -_e gladly availed himself of the opportunity of. addressing thorn. Although not; in politics, ? nor likely to bo, ho spoko from tho heart, irro apecCivo of how it might affect others, whether -opposed to his ideas or not. (Loud applauso.) The idea of a transcontinental railway was said ?to be too much in advance of the times. ? .Thi3 community had kept well abreast of the times, and was sometimes considered too fast, but cir ? cumstoncos had since shown that. we had taken a correot vi»w. When tho eloctors o£ Mary borough called him. to the front, and charged 'Mm to oxpreBS his opinion, ho did to the best of liis abilitj-, nnd to tho beBt intor'osts of his party, ?advance their intorosts, us well as thoso of tho 'colony. A statement was mado in TownsTillo lately by Mr. Mncrossan, which somewhat startled him. Be had said that 460 miles of, railway hud boon made, and 250 moro were in' progress during the^lnst four years, whilo tho laBt Government hid only cpnstriiotod 180, and that for overy mile tho last Government had -constructed, the present had mado 2$, and he supposed Mr. Maorossan , considered himself justified in availing himself of the literal correctness of that statement to have . a crow ovor bis prodecossors. Tho inference? -which thoj and others would draw from that' statement would be that Mr. Maerosean had initiated, carriod out, and complotod those rail ways, and thereby that ho laid claim to alargor .amount of liberality, as it is called in thoso days, over and above tho merits of his pre decessors in office. Tho real facts of the case were that during the la»t four years there had been opened by Mr. Maorossan 4GG jniles of railway. With the exception of 33 mileB on the Southern and Western Railway and 32 miles on tho Central- Railway tho whole of 'thoie railways wor» 'conceived, contracted for, and carried out to agroato-tentbythoprevioiis Government. ;They did not questien tho fidelity of tho work by which he hud carried out those lines, and did not grudge him tho .1 ? 1._ l._Jl __1._» I*. 4-lm nnnotminfiAn Tvilfr lift □ £Uir_'XlU J1UU lU&UU; IU IUU -uu-i^uvviwu) umu _»w claimed on behalf of those with whom he_ was oonnootod, tho right to say that they initiated thoso railways, and that they, to a great extent carriod thorn out, and whatever honour attached to tho burden and heat of tho day, attached itself to tho Government which had preceded Mr. Maorossiin. (Applauso.) He made that statement withont wishing in any tfay to detract from any due claims Mr. Maorossan might have as a railway Minister. During the last seven years 'they had done a great deal, and for a country so widely scattered and sparsely populated, they had done as much and moro .. than any other of tlio Australian colonies. Suoh being £he case, it might well bo anticipated that tnoy wouia ao more in tbe future than they had ever yet accomplished. (Hear, hear.) With regard to the construction of railways suoh ns they had hitherto made the suhemo of the trans continental railway was to a great extent supplementary to the ordinary construction of railways along tho coastal country. Whon thoy first anticipated Hie construction of tho Mary-, borough and Gyrn»ic|railway, thoy remembered thero wore other lines projected. Th9 lino to Gayndah was projected as in itself ntoro jusfci iipd than even the line to Gyinpie. Still thoso who decided that the Maryborough, and Gym pio Railway was tho fir;-t work to W carried out ?vrcro ' wise in thsir generation,' audHby con necting the two principal places in tho district, both possessing considerable population, they liad laid tho foundation of coosidornblo traffic, of which no ono doubted. Prom tho first start that railway had paid, and that w«s tho best encouragomont for other railways. Last session funds weroprovided for other railways in that district. No doubt additional fundi would bo To'ced, within saf« i limits, for tho further .ox tension of railways in the coastal dis trict of Brisbane and in the Wide Bay and : Burnett district. Passing northward, only last, session the commonce— ont of a number of lines was authorised. The linea at Mackay, Port Douglas, Bowen, aud Cooktown, would all? require more monoy thnn had already bpen voted and would hav- to bo completed, becauso they formed pirt of the coastal' railways. which were imperatively demanded by the-inhabitants of thoso dittricts. Nothing less than four or five millions would bo required for tho com pletion of the coast lino of railways. There ? had been a little scare amongst some people at ' the possibility of obtaining more monoy for the purpose, but he had never participated in those feolings. He beliered trhe credit, of the Australian colonies was as good as ever'it was, and under proper government .their credit ? would remain as good in the next five years as in the past five years. He thought, however, that: there wero a growiug number .'of 'people'- in this country who wore beginning to ieo that if thoy could in addition to the const railways carry out n systematic plan of: railways right . through the interior of the country without1 going to tho London Stock Exchange to borrow the money for the purpose, they would bo conferring a great benefit on thora selves and on many others -who would mako this country thoir home. They could im mensely add to the resources oE tho country . in that way.- It was s&id; by some of his .old friunds with whom he had bean associated in Government, that th*.y had done very well, and should Ireep on tho simo old lines, borrowing monoy to construct, railways. But had they duly conoeivod anything adnqiiato as ^to-.tho Immenso extont of thoir territory. ..Queensland was twelvo times the size of Wnjtland and Wales. It used to be imagined that a large portion of the interior wa3 desert countrr. That delusion was now dispelled, and it had ?now been thoroughly ox'ploded. Tho coa»t districts consisted of' rioh agricultural and forest lands, whilo tiho westorn interior in cludod one of the richest grazing countrios ing countries in tho world. The deiire to utilise that oountry had been partially recog nised by the fact that,it' hadbeeh' part of the policy of both Governments -'in -oftloa'tb push' on the three gteftt lattoral linos to the interior in order to gain accoss to tho interior. Those threo groat linos wore the Southern and Western, Contral, and the Northern Railways. The Southern extonsion hnd noarly roaohod Mitchell, and Central lind had reached Bosun tungan, and the Nortliom linB wan only oom ?Ipletod ao far as Ohurtoris Towers. It wa's anti cipated that it would bo two or threo years before thoso linos would be completed. They all know that tho -rariscontinentnl Rail-ay' had not only boon long talked about, but aftor long negotiations r-n agreement had,boon made and if it nuitud Piwliinaon^ to Tatify the Bamo it would doubtless bo earned out. In fact, so far back as tho days of Collior and Co. it was talked about and anticipated that thoy might mako a railway right thiough to tho 0uU of Carpentaria. (The locturor horo pointed out ? on the map of Queensland tho- line, the Tr»ns-f ;. 'continental R«lwny Company had agreeci upon lately, showing the -.: alternate'- blookVdf land . to ho granted , to them on; tho completion of tho line.) .. He said it'tinuob.bo;ndmittod;thnt a' ; . line in'th'itdiroction hn:l been by cjmmon i-on- ^sent agreed to ns a 'lino which might be coneiuuruu ui) iua iraiiK uno, W\o bnok-bono lino pa»sing through the ceritro, of QuBflnsland ? without any engineering diflloulties to over come. It would connect into one consistent tvhole tho railway system of Queensland; Mid will provide whit would really ho a grout Aus tralian trunk lino^ Jt was hppoless to think of borrowing moiiuy 'for; thisYPurposof jit — nuld quite over-tax our preaimt . Borrowing' arid'eo'n struoUng'powen:;- What was the e»ent oE tho : territory of Queensland p It was considerably larger than the whqlo of tho original thirteen ? States of AmericnP We haO a big oountvy, 'large enough foi^mllliouB oE people, and our v.':iaeh6HS.~au_il.:po]i6^.^1tij]dd.'..^o_.m,r.c(-rrw-. . J3o_de_co to the' —agmtudo'.bf our ''territory.' The opening out of this country by inter secting it with a line of railway was a task of exceptional magnitude, and required oxcep tional tr»atmont. But it could bo done in tho ?way proposed, and he thought it was of first rate importnnco that it should bo accomplished by an exchange of a portion of our landB for tho facilities afforded by a railway in giving acccBS to a country at prcsont practically unapproacbnblo. Ho had long boon of opinion that by this moauB the country could bo mado accessible aud avail abl» for a European population. It was, indcod, tho only way in which, during tho pro 6ont generation, it could bo approached. _ Look at what had boon done in America within tbo Inst thirty years, and chiofly in the Westorn StatOH. The inilenge of railways in tho States waB now 110,000, more in fact than in the wholo of tho roBt of tho world, and a vory large proportion of this had been constructed in eon ecquenco of the facilities afforded by tho States in form of land grants. They wore often told that thoro hnd been a great deal of 'jobbory' in connection with those land grants, but at the sanio time it hnd resulted in enormous benefits to tho people thomsolvos, aud caused immigra tion and settlement of a largo population throughout tho longth and breudth of tho land. (Applause.) Theppftplo of the TTnited Statos had granted 198,340,000 ncres for railways, besidos 4,400,000 for canals. If tho trunk line described woro carried out, we should havo to grant about 14000,000 aoros, extending ovor a poriod of ton yeara from this date. Tho Amorican poople enjoying the democratic form of Governmont- would not bo such fools as to continuo the land-grant system unless by doing so they wore advancing the interesta.of, their country. (Applauso.) They must not therefore be scared as childron were scared sometimes by tho ghost stories whioh were told them by their grandmothers. Thoy must not be scared by the possibility of a certain amount of land jobbory. being carried out by that tr&nraction.; There had boen 'a treaendous amount of jobbory in connection with thoir Crown lands, and thero was at tho present time. It' wa« inherent in any possible system of alienation of Crown Lands. Thoy did the best thoy could to prevent that, and they wore quite as compotent to provide 'against that as they were against any of the o-ils of the presont time. There wero evils connected with thoir present South Sea island trade, and it had to be cautiously watched, but thoy had not to bo detcrrod from' making use of tho»o Islanders on that account. All they had got to do- was to tako the beBt steps in their power to prevent them becoming pro judicial to their social condition. (Applauso.) As compared with tho whole area of Queens land, and considering tho immonse advantages tn tin r.nnfnriv»d bv tho trunk line, the aliena tion of those altornato blocks of land did not seem to him to bo extravagant. Ho consi dered the agreement now proposed by the Transcontinental Railway Syndicato as infi nitely more advantageous than tho terms that were made lately by tho Canadian government Ho was oxtrcmoly sorry to Bee that the Warrogo Railway Bill was not carried. It would at any rate have boen a commencement. He differed from Mr. Macrossan as to his estimate of th» torm3 offered by the London Company and the Warrego syndicato. It seemed that the Warrego railway poople were anxious or willing to get the railway off their hands as boou as possible. Ho did not regard that as a satitfac tory bargain at all. Aftor showiug tho advan tages of the powers of resumption and other clauses in the transcontinental railway agroo inent, and the ultimate settlement or nn in?reosod number o£ freeho'.dors and others on tho land, he roraarkod that tho great Amorican immigration agencios iu England and Germany were tho outcome of tho land-grant Bysteni. There were claim* in the settled districts whero the population had gathered together, and at tho present rate of constructing railways it would take up all thoir funds for tho next 10 years to come.. They could, not, theroforo, go on tho London Steck Exchange and as_ for six or seven millions moro to construct their trunk lino. He hoped a parliament would be elected which would carry out that undertaking, to the immmso advantage of themselves and thoir posterity. They must not suffer themselves to be frightened by the fact th*t --ecaus?.tU?re hjvd been a certain amount o£ jobbery in America that, thercforo, they wero to dony theinsolvos uuy auvuuLUi^uu nribiiig uul oi cue srsiem. Messrs. Griffith and Dickson had been travel ling up north' recontly, and they, had- made ccrtnin discoveries. Tlrey hud arrived at the conclusion that, it was dosirnblo .not to extend railways 'beyond the 'lormiui authorised by Parliament. They had discovered that the ?quattors, storekeepers, and bullock drivers did not require the Transcontinental Railway. (Laughter.) ?' Ho naver knew ;i quattors and bullook-drivers who did require railways, but he was thoroughly convinced that thoy I were both benefited by them in the long run. — «uutiuci uujcubiu— nua imub _. bliuy — 1UKU a. port at Point Parker, it would destroy tho valuo of , the ports on the, ; eastern coast. Mr. Rutlodgo' objoeted very strongly to' tho opening'of a. port ,nt: Port Parker. On tho same principle we might, perhaps, object to the existence of tho Gulf of. .Carpentaria asvan orror of judgment, but that did not alter the faot that the geographical- configuratisnipf tho: country provided for a' porl. there.' He never' knew that any real injury arose from the opening of a new port,1' or'' out :r 'of the construction of a . ruilway , from it. oliey'.werc no poorer sinoa thoy^had created tho ports of Rocklmmpton, Townsville, or Cook town. At't_»'s»me time they had- increased their facilities and intercourse :as well as .added to their rosourbM.' The tamo might bo laid of Point Parker. Great objections wero made by tome people that in proposing td unite with tho ? railway system of Now douth Walos they ran tho risk of playing into tho' hands', of 'their neighbours. He believed theycould take care of themselvoi in that' respect, aud that under ?-uny circumstances the construction oi stteh » trunk line as that which was projected would tend to knit.. together .tho inhabi tants of ..the two -colonies and; ultimately contribute to 'their political and. ? commercial union. Mr. Douglas dwelt at soino ltngth on tho manifest advantages which would be likely to arise out of tho subdivision of property along this lino of railway. .There might.notba many 80 aore man, but there would be ? 6,000 . and ?even 20,000 acre men, nnd this would vast lnndod properties of tho -present time Ho dealt with severalrpth'e'r* quos-: tions arising out of tho policy^ of ' land.', grants, and wlul« expressing (hisNpwn uhshakfn^ beliof in the soundness' of ' tlfo system,'an_ of the charaoj^r.of thoj_enoonn.edtediw4t_thop'rp-' 'posodp'rojocfc, ho argue- tli»t wo shbuldniako'the best of our prcsont opportunities;- - -No,' time' should be lost. We could hot toll' whatV few months might hring.,-forthf and.-wo should mako the best of the'prescn^-prdspsrons-nnd peaceful era. v 