turf topics and anticipations. . Er Asmodeus. Tlio-promotora of tho Solo Turf Club spared nothing either in tho way of enterprise or ex- penso in thoir ondeiwors to render tho recent meeting a gigantic auccess ;but somehow or other theinhabitanls of tho dietriot did not bnok up thoso efforts with such libornlity as might' have been expected, and it remainod for tho' metropolitan support to sore the gathering from resulting in a finanoial failure. Tho error com mitted in connection with tho non- declaration of forfeits and accoptancos for the several ovents contained in tho programme operated prejudi cially against largo Solas to commence with,, and from a racing point of view tho outlook had no special charms. Tho preparations mado on tho course, which was strikingly complete in its ap pointments, were of tho most comprehensive character. A complete renovation has taken placo sinoo tho annual mooting, prominent among tho improvements being a now grand stand of elegant design, and a reversal of tho running track from right to loft. Tho whole surround ings boro tostimony to a lavish expenditure of money, and it is quite ovident that the executive aro determined to give tho sport a fair trial boforothoy finally throw up tho sponge, Af. though tho attondanco on "Wednesday and Thurs day last was not what it ought to havo been, it is satisfactory to know that tho racotiug did not entail a loss, so that suflicient encouragement is left to warrant tho club experimenting with an equally liberal programme next year, when tho mistakes which occurred in framing tho late ma nifesto will be avoided, and with moro beneficial results. Everything passed off. pleasantly enough in.conncotion. with tho racing. As prodicted in theso columns, Mr. W. Pearson claimed tho. big fig of tho pudding with tho assistance of Magnet, who ran a downright game colt, and finishqd victorious aftor an exciting strugglo with Don- castor and Khesus, the latter of which was servqd up-very warm. coOeo indeed. Mr. Pearson was equally fortunate with Frylngpan, Quality-and Taper, winning twoTaccs "with tho first .named) and ono with tho othor pair. Allander exhibited a dash of his two-year-old form in tho Province Plato, and in Hales's artistic hands the heavy weighted chesnut easily cat down)thc hold opposed to him. The stifT nataro of tho country proved disastrous to the majority of tho candidates, Alhambra making the pace a cracker through out, and easily disposing of tue favorite Coomcto at tho finish. Tho latter fenced beautifully as usual, but his lack of speed again saw him at a disadvantage when it camo to racing. Trum peter has improved considerably during his lengthened absence from tho turf, but bo jumped badly, and no ono was surprised to see him como to grief on being pushed at tho last fence. The two hurdio races failed to oxcite much in terest, whiio there was nothing among tho re maining items on tho programme that calls for special notice. On tho principlo of " honor the coming speed tho parting guest," the Baliorat Miners' Club dedicated thoir meeting on tho uth inst. to Messrs. Ben. Hepburn and JL Longhlin— to welcomo tho former on bis return to tho Golden City after a trip to tlio old country, and as a fitting means of wishing ben vogage to the eminently successful proprietor of tho "green and whito striped " banner on tho ovo of his de parture for a trip round tho world. A worthier sportsman than Mr. Hepburn . was never tho recipient of a similar compliment, whilst of Mr. Loughlin it is needless to say that tho straight going of his horses has become as provor- bial us his good luck, and perhaps still hotter judgment. Many a time and oft havo tho publio bcon good winners ovor the successes of tho mighty Lono Hand, Lord Harry, Sir Fetor, Left Bower and others whom tho famous Tommy Corrigan has steered to victory ovor Flemiugton, Ballarat, Warrnambool and other convincing grounds. Tho racing at Ballarat was witnessed by a fair proportion of tho metropolitan division, who wero landed from tho special train iu good timo for tho first race. Glenara oponcd tho ball by winuing tbo Hurdio Itaco for Howio, tho son of Groyskin being admirably ridden by Koating. Dovlin,who startod first favorito, wont to tho front when Alma balked, and at ono timo nppoarcd likoly to stay long onougb to land tho good thing, but Glonara and "Wild Harry challenging tho old follow half a milo from home, woro him down, tho formor winning a good raeo by half a length. So highly was Dandy's chanco esteemed for tlio Band and Albion Trot that <5 to 4 was freoly ac- coptod, bnt backers again had the worst of it, Try Mo and Frinco beating tho favorito, who finished third. . Tho Corner Handicap, a milo and, a distance, brought out eight starters, four ot whom declared overweight, Mr. O'Brien's horso Westbury being made a warm faTorite aid lo 'I. Tho layers of odds wore, howover, for tb third timo in clover, tho Panic mare Linda, wo occupied -a prominent position from tho jmp," beating Odd Trick end "Westbury, with smothing to spare, by a length. Corrigan, who cdo Odd Trick, unfortunately lost his whip .uring tho race, and thus handicapped made I stronuous effort in tho straight to catch Linda, cut Boll, keeping dho mare going, won a good raeo with somothing in hand. Tho Hawk, ridden by I'Gowan, who steered him to victory at Caul- field, -was greatly fancied for tho Handicap Steeplechase, notwithstanding ho was called upon to give.a lot of weight to everything in tho race. At length it appeared likely that backers would bavo a turn, for tho favorito was on terms with Magie at the last f cneo, -where, howevor, ho camo down a fearful cropper, and many present feared that M'Gowan was most soriously injured. By little short of :a miracle ho escaped unhurt, and -romounting finished third, tho unroliablo Vaultor having meanwhile -passed him, bnt conld not catch Magic, who cantered in an easy winnor. Doubtful Jack started at evens for tho Selling Hace, and won, after a good set to with Try Mo and Littlo King, thus bringing to a closo a good day's racing. A rather peculiar coincidence occnncd in tho racing at the lata Ballarat Miners' mooting, tho favorito in caoh of tho first four -races being do- footed, and in each caso finishing third. Tlio energetic layers of odds -would not grumble at frequent repetitions of such interesting coin cidences. Tho Elstcrnwick-park meeting takes placo to day, and will doubtless attract considerable at tention. Tho entries closed on Monday Inst, and whilst good contests for tho -two Trots mny bo anticipated, tho number entered for tbo Flying Stakes has far exceodod anticipation. For this event, which'is a fivo furlong flutter, 20 entries wero rocoived, including a largo number of good performers. Tlio first oventis tbo 3 minute class trot in 2-milo beats, for which tho field consists of Dick Goldsbrough, Nelly, Dagwortk and Buby, Tho first named pair ought to havo a big say, and unless Dice GoLDsnnooon bo reserved for tbo 2.4S class, for which ho is also entered, I think he will win ; but in bis absenco I should look to Mr. Milsom's othor nomination, Nei.lt. The 2 min. 43 sec. class lins half a dozen good ones cutorod, of whom Vox Moltke, jun., or Fmom aro most likely to gain first honors. This race is to bo won by.tlie beBt three in fivo. (milo heats). The Flying Stakes, with its scoro of entries, follows, bnt as " acceptances at scalo" is ono of tho conditions, speculating upon tho probable winner is somowhat akin to a jump in tho dark. . With such good winners as Gndarz, The Ghost, Tho Nymph, Saoircen, Westbury, and others in tho list, there noed bo no doubt, of a race worth seeing being the rcaait, and I fully expect to soo tho srwody SquinHm heat as many of bis nineteen opponents as put in an appear, anee. Tho last event is tho Handicap Hurdio Hace of a milo and fivo furlongs, which MEnRV Maid will probably appropriate. At the last meeting on this courso tho Maid's performance was not a high class one, hut on that occasion sbo bad run a stern chaso at Caulfiold immediately provious to being hurried over to Elstcrnwick. As the railway station is very handy to tho course, and only about 20 minutes' ride from Mclbourno, tho Park meeting should be well patronised this afternoon. Entries for tbo mooting of tho Victoria Amateur Turf Club, to bo hold at Caulfiold on tho 21st Inst., close an Monday next, not to-day. as stated in tlio secretary's original announcement. Mr. Bond has drawn up an attractive programme, which should meet with strong support from owners, who aro afforded an excellent opportu- nity of picking up soiho useful crumbs for this season of tho year. Tho Soiling Haco, of half a mile, baa SO sovs. added. Tho Hurdio Hace is . only a milo and a half, with 75 sovs. added, and should conscqncntly attract a good field of fliers over the small sticks. Then follows the Glen Huntly Handicap, ono milo, with 100 sovs. added to a sweepstakes of 3 sovs. each, and tho Steeple- chaso, with a sweepstakes of 2 sovs. each, has also 100 added. Tho fifth and last event ib tho Armadale Handicap, of 30 sovs., fivo furlongs, completing a very noat littlo bill of fare. It is to 'bo hoped that Mr. Bond will succeed in making as satisfactory arrangements with the Railway department as he did on St Patrick's day, on which occasion, for tbo first timo, visitors by rail to Caulfiold enjoyod perfect com fort. ' Mr. Fred, Woodhouso lias udded another suc cess to his long string of equine colobrities re produced on the canvas. I was recently shown a very faithful picture of Mr. W.J Pearson's famous horso Commotion from Mr. Woodhouso's brush, Tho artist has caught tho many striking points in iho big son of Punic to tho lifo, and has also furnished a capital portrait of Tr.rlian, who is in thd saddle. The picture is, Iundorstand, on viow in tho shop window of Mr, Adamson, seedsman, Collins-street west. Mr. Woodhouso is at pre sent engaged on a picturo of Tho Assyrian, whoso performances during tho past half year certainly entitle him to a permanent place in tho gallery of fame. I had a glimpso of Tho Assyrian at Kirk's Bazaar beforo he left for Tasmania on Tuesday. Tho Melbourne Cup winner no doubt broke down very badly in Sydney, and although some folks aver that Mr. Agnow will bo ablo to raeo him again, I favor.tho bolicf that any futuro success that may bo in storo for tbe son of Countryman and Tiniindcr will bd achieved at tho stud. Whatever may bo tho merits or demerits of tho Ilubbub-llopclcr.3 case, it is evidont that the Australian Jockey Club fully rccogniso tbo im portance of tbo task they, have undertaken, and intend silting this " matter so mysterious" to tho bottom.' Tho adjourned inquiry was held on Monday, when it was docidod to postpono fur ther consideration of tho caso for ten days. This will afford atuplo timo for tho production of tho hithorto invisiblo Hopolcss, if a horso of that name can be produced and identified. lloferiing to the above subject, tho Toxon and Countrg of last Saturday, in describing tbo fourth day'o racing, says: — "Concerning tbo winner there is considerable mystery, and it io satisfactory to know that inquiry has been insti tuted. Visitors and others iromMelbourne know tho winner Hubbub as a horso trainod at Flemington named Hopeless. Now tho question-, to ho proven is whether Hubbub is Hopeless or vice vena, or whether Hopeless over existed. A commission was sont into tho market tho djQ be foro tho raeo to back Hopeless, but tbo book makers refused to lay tbe commissioner, a sport ing member of Parliament, tbo required amount, Subsequently a turf commissioner from Mel bourne obtained £2000 about Hubbub ; then the pen was drawn through tho naino of Hopeless." On Monday next acceptances nro duo for the Adclaido Cup and Goodwood Handicap, to bo ran forat tho S.A.J.C. Autumn mooting, which com mences on tho 5th May. From Adolaida i learn that Sir Garnet (late TheHobrow) has already been struck out of both ovents, owing to injuries re ceived in tho paddock. Tho handicaps nro said to havo given satisfaction to tlio cognoscenti in tho sister colony, and notwithstanding tho appa rent inconsistencies alluded to last week, tho number of thoso who will cry content is expected to bo unusually large. A considerable amount of speculation has already taken placo over tho two big handicaps in Adelaide, tho following transactions being recorded immediately after tho weights appeared Guesswork was hacked for tho Cup at 1000 to 05, Mis taken 1000 to 60, Topaz 1000 to 50, Brilliant 1000 to-iO. Tho latest offer was 100 to 8 on tho field. There was no straight-out betting on tho Goodwood Handicap ; but tho following doubles wero taken at 1000 to 8 to 1000 to 10 : — Guess- work and Tyropean ; Guesswork and Bassanio ; Mistaken and Satanolla; Mistaken and Tyro, pcan j Topaz and Satanella j Topaz aud 1 Tyro- pean ; Tbo Plunger aud Tyropean ; Tho Plunger aud Bassanio. Guesswork has sinco been backed down to 10 to 1 for tbo Cup. A considerable amount of omulatiou will bo- excited amongst tho amateurs who ride in tho Corinthian Cup at tho ensuing autumn meeting in Adclaido, tbo trophy being an nnnsually handsome silver and crystal opergno, 2 feet in height, and a splendid specimen of tbo silver smith's art. Tho annual meeting of the Caramut Turf Club will be held to-day. Darebin's unexpected victory in tho Sydney Cup was not tho only bit of bad lack that backers had to put up with, tho withdrawal of Stoekdalo from tho Welter Handicap shortly before tho race, having apparently spoilt what appeared to be "a good doublo," and given rise to another dispute between backers and layers of oddB. In alluding to tho matter Nemo," of tbo Sydney Mail, says:— " Tho withdrawal of Stoekdalo at tho last moment for the Welter Handicap caused a lot of dissatisfaction, for it. was. spiteful not to have scratched him beforo Arehio won tho All- Aged Stakes. Tho public had backod tbo doublo heavily,- and had Stockdole been scratched beforo Mr. Siuart'o colt won, tho public would havo saved thoir money. I am nat .awaro' that there is any rule by which backers can be made to pay when a horse is scratched for tho last event ofadonblo takon on the courso when both races are run on tho same day. The bookmakers claim , a win under such circumstances, but I deny their right to it, and trast that Tattcrsall's committee will take tho question into consideration at thoir noxt. meeting."- It is to n seat on the committeeuf the Victorian Botting Club that Mr. H. Power has been- appointed vice tho Into Captain Stnndish, Tho announcement made by a contemporary last wook that Mr. Power bad been elected a member of tho Victoria Club misled mi|ny, who naturally, supposed that tho V.H.C. was alluded to.. The lato Captain Standish's place on the committee of tho Victoria Racing Club has not yet boon fillod, . ncitbor bas a chairman been appointed to roplaco. the deceased gentleman, who -filled that important office also. - - --1.'. I am glad to note from tho Y.R.C.: Calendar for April that F. Long's name no longor appears in tho disqualified list, tho torn for which lio was ostracised from the turf having expired on tho 30th March. Leng, . it will bo romembered, was disqualified for six months for improper conduct at Flemington while under the influence of drink.- His ability as a trainer bas often been shown by tbo ouperb condition of tho beautiful mare, Southern Cross, and othors entrusted to' his caro, and it is to bo hoped that the serious consequences of. .his foolish conduct will prove a useful lesson. Tho Melbourne sottling on Monday over tho lato A. J. O. Autumn Meeting passed off moro satisfactorily than had been by many antici pated. Ono disappointed backer, who had in vested heavily, was conspicuous by his absenco, but considering tho sovcrc blow tho public re ceived in tho principal botting raeo of tbo meet ing, accounts wero adjusted pretty punctually. Thengo, by Tim Whiftlor — Lapwing, - a horso that has distinguished himsolf in tho provinces, her. been sold to a Now Zealand buyer and pro ceeds to Maori land. Tho purchase money actual is £300, but Thengo will probably run for tho Duuedin Ilandicap, and a proviso is mado that Bhould ho bo roturnod tbo winner, Sir, Crongh is to receive a bonus of another 100 sovs. Tho Newstoad Jockey Club hold their annual meeting on tho ISth inst. The programmo con tains tho Hurdle Race, Nowstcad Handicap, Ladies' Purse and Publicans' Parse. Excellent entries have been received, and tho woights, which woro declared on Tuesday, appear in another column. Notwithstanding tho great successes ucmczcu on English turf of lato yoars by American horses, it ib evidont that somo of our transatlantic- cousins, like Messrs. Goyder and L. L. Smith, havo no faith in publio handicappors. I clip tbo following from tbo Breeders' Gazette of 16th Fol- ruary " When old Parolo wont to England a fow yoars ago and won tho fivo principal handi- :apB in gallant style, his performances caused tlio turf men of tho land across tho water to look with considerable respect, not unmixed with avre, on tbo hithorto despised "Yankees," as they woro fond of calling tho American horses. But tho lesson of theso victories, although a severe one to tho national pocket and prido, was not lost, and Binco then no Amorican horso has had half a chanco in tho English handicaps, jfnowing that enough weight is certain to prevent oven tho host horso in tho world from winning, tho English handieappers have,- sinco- tho Parolo year, always been careful to givo tho American representatives such a load as to effec- tually dispose of whatovor ohancos they bad of winning with an oquitablo distribution of tho weights. This yoar tho old gamo has bocB repcatod, as the weights assigned in tho Lincoln shiro Handicap, tho Great Metropolitan Stakes, and tho City aiid Suburban Handicap, received by recent mails, show. In tho Lincolnshire,, Iroquois and Walloub-.oin are given tho top weight, 1261b. Iroquois is also first on tho list on the Great Mctroplitan, ISO lb. boing bis weight. Foxhall and Iroquois stand at tbo head of thoso entered for tho City and Suburban,' boing in at 130 lb. and 128 lb. rospoctivoly." Tho writer, I fear is, however, moro patriotic, than just in his wholosaio castigation of the English handicappors, and such victories aa Foxhall's wonder, ul winning double of Cesar<H witch and Cambridgeshire Stakes aro scarcely, compatible with tho statcmont that " slnco theit no American horse has had half a chanco in tho- English handicaps." In tho first namedj. raeo it will bo remcmborod that tha dashing son of King Alphonso heat a big field, including such clinkenf as Chippendalo, Fiddler and Fotronel j aud that tho handioapper's lonioncy was as pre-ovidoht' to tho public as it was afterwards proved by tha-' running was shown in tho fact that Foxhpll started first favorito at 9 to 2 in a fiold of 19. Ill tho Cambridgeshito Stakes Mr. Koeno's colt da'< fcatcd 31 .of tho best horse3 and riders in tha. kingdom, and notwithstanding a 14 lb. penalty startod fourth favorito. Amongst tlioso behind him wero 1'etor, Bond Or, Potronol, Corrio lloyt' Prestonpans, and a host of other first cla-q animals, ridden by such groat guns as Archer,'. Fordham, Loatcs, Cannon, Goator, Osborne, I fancy if our American cousins wero fully aware of tho burdens somo of our tbreo-yoar-olds jif' . Australia are asked to carry after a good win on two, they would not complain so loudly of theic 'treatment in England. Tho 'Warrnambool Steeplechase meeting. com monccB on Wednesday, and will ho continued: and - concluded on Friday next. Of tho fivo. ovents to bo determined on ' tbe first day, .tha-. principal interest will contro in . the Hurdler Race, for which eight hare accepted, and amongal a modcrato lot, Devlin, at 9st. 131b., look1" hotter tban anything. In the Handicap: Fkd Raeo, I like Colewom at the weights ; but tlx.; Steeplechase is a problem difficult to solve. Wity! a start, however, I fancy the topwoight, Ait- Sbbezie, will justify his name on the present ; Occasion, Tho Weatora meeting Is always a jusfj . popular ono with owners and tho public, and with tho intervening day's sport providod.by ; tho local amateur club will no doubt attract' a" fair share of Molbourno sportiog mon. if Mistaken, who has provod a difficult conurtJ, drum to his late owner, trainer and backers, has returned from Sydney and boon taken possession1 of by his iccont' purchaser Mr. E, Woekes, who, ' believe, intends sending him to India. In tba land whore Australian bred horses far inferior tii . tho son of Dante havo gained tho highest honors," - It have little donbt ho would distinguish > himself greatly ; hut notwithstanding thedecidedly / disappointing way in which he has repeatedly.- performed in public, when the stable made nd ' secret ol' having "a good thing," I hope that hia ; now owner will givo him another season on tba ' Australian turf before, shipping him to India,1 ; That Mistaken is one of the fastest horses in tha - country has been as amply proved as that ho la fickle to a degree, but fit and in tho hnmor bo is ' sncb an- undeniablo clinker that Mr. Wcck'eijr, might do worse than givo him anotbor season off . .. his natlvo soil. Tho Yea annual races tako place on tho 19Uk'.. inst. Tho programme contains six ovents, .anil ' acceptances for the Shire Handicap and Hardls Race must be made at the Shiro Hall, Yea, befort >; nino p.m. on the 18th, at whioh timo and placo j entries will bo received for tho Maiden Plato, Selling Hack Race and Selling Raeo.' Tbo meeting of the Glenolg Turf Club will ba held on tbe 18th inst., and the Great Northern Racing Club hold their meeting on that and .thq following day. , Tho Warrnambool Amateur Turf Club boll their meeting on the 19th inst., tho day interij ' voning between tbo two days of tho Warrnainhool' Steeplechase. Ownors and others interested hra '- romlndcd that entries closo on Tuesday noxt, the - 17th Inst. The well known horso Progress has been soli ; to Mr. J. V. Smith, of MalmBbnry, in which dig ; trlet the famous son of Angler and Coquette will - Btand next season. 