THE HUMOURIST, j HEAVY GHOSTS. (FROM THB NEW IOBK TIMES.) The ghoBt who ia tit present engaged in haunting a faouBe in Hartford, Conn., is in come respects an entirely new Bort of ghost All previous ghosts, BO far &B; they have been examined, have been found to be im ponderable. It has been one of the die ti&guishing; marks of a ghost that he or Bhe could float noiselessly across a room and could pass directly through closed doors or brick walls. The Hartford ghost is, on the contrary, very heavy. He manifests his presence by walking with a tread that shakes floors and makcB stairs to creak. Furthermore, he wears heavy boots. It is the opinion of the beBt authorities that the Hartford ghoBt cannot weigh leBS than two hundred and twenty pounds, and that hie boots are particularly heavy and clumsy. The popular theory of the imponderability of RhoBts haa clearly received a blow, and we rxiUBt acknowledge that heavy ghosts exist and wear the heaviest kind of boots. The Hartford ghost has, however, the power of passing through a closed door, as be bas repeatedly proved; but he remainB strictly invisible-the story of an imaginative young woman to the effect that she haa seen him being" generally discredited. A pro found philosopher of the Concord School is of the opinion that the ghost haa no body, and consists solely of weight This theory, which wonld have done credit to the Bchool men of the Middle Ages, who believed that an object can exist apart.from its "acci dents," is ingenious, but the ghost's boots are in its way. We may be willing, foe the sake of argument, to admit that a ghost may poBsesB weight without possessing form or substance, but can the weight of a pair of boots be sepa rated from the boots and still be able to make floor planks' creak J A Concord philo sopher may, perhapB, be able to conceive of the independent existence of (the weight of a non-existent pair of boots, but other peo ple will be unable to agree with him. The simplest explanation of the Hartford ghost is that be iB present in the haunted house, but that, like all other ghosts, he possesses the secret of invisibility. He is real, and his bootB are real, but the human eye is unable to see tbem, although the human ear, at least in those caaee where it is extremely long, is able to hear them. It would be exceedingly interesting to know what iB portended by the appearance of a heavy ghOBt, but in our present state of knowledge no conjecture that we can make is of any value. That a ghoBt should wear heavy boots admits of two explana tions. The Hartford ghost may have fur nished himBelf with boots with a view to Wipgin's storm, which, had it arrived, wonld doubtless have made Hartford ex tremely muddy. Or he may have adopted boots in consequence of a change of climate in the Summer-land. According to Mr. A. J. Davis, the climate of the latter popular resort is Bimply perfect, and the happy ghoBts have no need of boots, indiarubbers, or umbrellas. Tbe fact that the latest arrival from the gboBtly world wears boots goes to show that he bad hiB boots on when he lefc tbe other world, and hence that the climate thereof is not what it should be. This casta a gloom over the future. If heavy boots are needed in tbe other world, so are om> brell&B; and overeboes, and the claim made by Mr. Davis and other Spiritualists that the Summer-land is an improvement upon New port, or even Coney Island, is rendered doubtful. It has escaped tbe notice of thoBe who have discussed the Hartford ghoBt that he is not the first and only heavy ghost on record. In the spring of 1867 a heavy ghoBt appeared to the Rev. Scipio C&sar; Green, the popular pastor of a colored con gregation in the western part of Kentucky. Tbe ghost entered Mr. Green's frontdoor one Friday night just as the reverend gentleman was about to go to bed. He was a tall and well* proportioned ghost, dressed in flowing white robes, hot wearing long indiarnbber boots underneath his skirts. Mr. Green was, of coarse, terribly frightened, and his alarm was increased when the ghost in a sepul chral voice said, 11 Gimme them chickens." j Now, Mr. Green had spent that evening very, quietly but profitably in collecting chickens from Col. Marshall's hen-house, and it was clear to him that no one but a genuine ghost conld have known the fact. His meekly de livered op half-a-dozen chickens to the ghost, who Btalked away, leaving the prints of his boots in tbe soft clay of tbe road. Three times the ghost returned, and it so happened that on every occasion there were surreptitious chiokens in Mr. Green's kitchen, which were demanded and re ceived by the ghost. Mr. Green began to think that it was useless for him to porsne the chicken branch of his business if be were to be watched and robbed by the ghost; Accordingly, the fourth time that the ghost returned and HBked for " them chickenB,? Mr. Green said that he was very sorry but that he had none. Further, he announced that he intended to retire from the coloured ministry and remove to TenneaBee. "'Pearj like," added Mr. Green sadly, "that th^rS ain't nd dbb in preaching the gospel io thishyet place so long as a man'samins is carried off by ghosts." i What tbe ghost would have replied will never be known, for juBt as Mr. Green's remarks came to an end theghbstV robei caught fire as be was carelessly standing close to the fire-place. The ghoat, breaking into bad language, fled from the bonSe ana plunged into the neighbouring creek $0 e» tingniBh 'tbe flames. ' He was never seed again, but *b the water was only two feet deep, be oould hardly have been drowned; This incident proves that the Hartford ghost has been anticipated both as to his weight and bis boots, and suggests a possible method of trying spirits by fire, which may be of toss to the otfners of the Hartford haunted house. ! 