OVER THE 1 ACeL GATE. Ah, good mnroning, Mrf . Milgleo, been gathoerig nuahrroons, oh. W'!I, take my advic, anod mind you don't g#t ?ny of thoro to:ad rtcols. Going to make ketch:,p are you. weoll just ru: down to Irao. Cook nod twk Ihor for tite original recipe, aeo known how to make. ketchup piroplty, and will give yo.: thI t'rnight tip. 1Vhnatel tuoii orr dilng at hot:.o? Uiltl my wordl its awful, hut Ihk,:o ylu, Mrs Mi?greo ho'r not tthe only one who !:.d to ;rt hotrome. really dtc not k:now what has co: .o over John, why hlo ins ellodin all hi-s nmen raway. To t.ll you thei trth, Mrh . Miggilt, I can't tmake it cut ; however he wiloll anroi to cotllltplcte that contract Ireat me i?J lean! ' !tin ctncil Co!Laoe to hiia nYdn;io;n r:' l:rt. 1l:Ter tlncy enoughllll, per haslp, though, Ito lfro cn.?oglrh ron lhis handllwith out it, for I dro on.. r" you tOt Temporsl,?ao Band. which, he Itoar rrted, in enoo:gtl to tirl tihe hoed of .o (Lough I wr. going to recor.. riond hint to urnl enotiroe, ointment nttnulfc-. trtor, uit' .tore i nnrotlthe ntigio por; i'h th ticld, Mre, bli liet, Yes, n:cro of the marvoellot core n]!'' l i.ror bfir o:let t.. figiht. WVocrO iir It cr. vot ray, Zrt. Mi,"glc?. Wdll, :it's rno I, Yg;.adder.'a nroparationu thlii time, and scle]-, re the weonterfrl propeiotin" it n??erwrrr.o that ho nctually told -mo that ahl..t :;00 yrcars ago (.his great HTrrndfatber ia_ Irhoe ri;pe thon) a certain Igelitlemini lost ::i'h his l eg in itn wars of tlie Mtde antd Per intn. satd a rotor' ing homrle .ppired this wr.nl:drfrL i-il-tment (tr the tilrtup, whoen heaven forgive ur, ill iees thian nlix months ilu Icl h had tgrown againr. Nlo, Mro. Miggilcs ,S am says Ile noevr 'noo any. thing stronger than a good :lup of'tic)khorlro tar himsrelfi, na ho in reservingb the precious ointment for ia "cope dotero' to annihilate the. medical iprofeanion. How he did hl;l:eh at the lhotploke, Mlrot. Mig[glc, brut hI said it was flying in the fees of totr scrlture to may sucl: lthling, and quoted thle 5tl'.c hrpter of St. IMat thiOws, but really thi only vsor? that I can emnetnbior in Golt clRaptr at all aprlsicablto in tihe one where it nays Gtiv3 to hitm thlntasketls of thee, and frontm hom that would horrow turn thou not away," and. an I told him, Mrs. Liiggleo, I ntita: wanted him to gi"oro the boots, Iro; to lend them at prerunt.. Ofceoor?c I Raid tlhey wioull ho very neeelrlilrlr in coo ol nolrthor No,,rl',r tlood. D)roendul i?erkat nIights now, did you cay. Yel;, it is, 'Mrs. lMig lre and0 as the council ore going to e)pcrId r. It o mnoey it would Iren dtol in the roghlrt direction laeno; tlhey to put t fore lainp;p inl thre stroeet and one over the ge.t of the . flhire hI.11 I'm. nuro theoy're are Itnch neelded, and the rmnt nyyers wtouldr nol pruomble a' ther o:rpn1se. tioggin craysc o 0/ott e. vote roe nor? : canudidatto at the next shliro clction wel is noa- i fawvor of lhaving Ra few lamnp put in thie atrota. Did I hear about the ghost at tho.."Standardt' office, ch Raltlhir, why I wva, just goin down. for my cheque when out runs "Qtuilp" in real IHighltind costumeo and a Irgeo inamp itn himr hatid, "bless mse, Quilpi," said 1 (for betwooen yourrnid i Mrs. Mingles, he: gave me ouchi a riart) what in tile name of goedncos ar.yotCtlt to." "Dunn n tak to me, Mre. Goggino, P'4 nerldy frecknod to death." "At what," oayo I. " Oh, thi lghost at tle ' Standard' ocic," anweored Qunll. HIow I did Inugh, Mrs, Migglen, fancy tlllp looking for a gihoot wihi a big lanp. Ilwrover, Fox noon settled tll nlatter biy tsaying that Quini l ust be offll hi clihump, for he hId been in the otlieo ll nilig!t. Ghost or no gRhost did niot reovent err frlnm going for mly ol?loahd. Yeo, Mrt.. Migglos, ,o wore out oi Sutday, oagging got the loan ol Willie Whitiig'a spritng cart and we went for I a drive to suo our old acqouaiutauce, bir, Goodear, of Yarck. Yen, ,re. bMiggles, lein was in good heolth, but I reticod, tlhat llcsnýy was not lookiug a' iively an usanh " What a the matter, Bessy;myydcar," mayo t~" are you in in Iovoerwlmat hI cwne over you.' Oh, nothing much, fMro. oggins. I got a terrible fright the other evening. Mothur and Carrieo had gone out and left me alone in thie ouse, and thoy had not been gone long I foro a snmart looking youi g m?nu walks in. Good evening, sir,.aid , "whaut do you require." "Nlothing fair damsel but a kias from tlh o zuby lip?,." and, would iou believe it AidI. Gngginxt hf seized hold o inoe and tried to get one, falling il which he said ih was lard up and that I musit ball up. Of course, I ncreamned for help, and sol1e of the neighibars coming to iiiy assistance, what wins oor astonishmeiit at iilld ing that the newly loedged highwayman was a girl in inmn' clothe.s, But, g)oodness ie, Min. Miggle;, it nave me an awful fright. Yoe it was stralge conduct on the part of the girl, S:ir. Migglen but they will get up to their larks About the farewell ball to toe hrickeys, hIrs Migglen. I Iwa invited but, it being two day after the anniversary of the ldeath of a 'rild, I did not care alrit it. But a friend of. lnin was there. In fact G(ggins would not let n go. I believe they carriedlhigh jinks, a wel-known vendor of costly tweeds being then, and wa miade a victim of that evergreen 'plecuro "forfeite." The poor follow was subj'et to adeal of torment by the ladies, but inot ing overcrnmo with bflehfulrlnei fe nons co/eclled to take hi. poition in the centre of to moln, and'madne to exolain, after dictation: h rlI.r, 1i tiaid 'n titf lie Ii rciii.o, [,on.e?idy coime anid lis n)m for heaven's sake. Kiemy.cunn, nuoiy- nulinm, num, no, noum. SMRS. GOGGEINS.. 