Love and Hate. CHAPTER LIII. THE woman whom Fawney thus beheld in the dense shadow of the Monk's Walk, in the shelter of the Abbey ruins, was Meggy Dunn, and the child in her arms was of course the infant son of Joliette-the unacknowledged, threatened heir of Sir Mark Trebasil. It had become the custom of the nurse to take her young charge for a walk in the fresh, outer air very soon after dusk, adopting for this purpose the hour spent by Joliette at dinner. Thus it had happened that Mrs. Dunn had usually retired into the secret rooms of the Abbey before Gannard even made his appearance in the Abbey grounds. Fawney shrank closer against the huge trunk of the tree as the woman came nearer to him. No sound reached his hearing save her quiet footfalls, and the loud calling of the rooks overhead. ' Odd !' muttered the villain. 'She seems to be taking a promenade-a constitutional. She cannot have just arrived from a distance. Where are Gannard and his sister? I wish I could see them. T'hey may not have arrived. By heaven, the woman looks like a ghost. It would be easy to imagine her a visitant from theother world. Ah, what's that ?' A baby's cry hadreached his hearing. 'Mrs. Dunn was now within a' few feet of him. She halted, uncovered the little face nestled on her bosom;, and:kissed:itlan tmurmiured' over it sentences of that unintelligible jargon so dear td'minothers aid nufirses? ad wii hiciis suxppoi0sed to be so wiell adaitd t infant comprehension,': And then; as the child replieadwith a happy cooing sound, t:he nurse pressed it closer to her,: covered :its:face aapin,and resumed her walk. 'It'iswvelltliat we did nof think of attempts ing ..to:.bribe itibe..tiu/e s ishought .Fawney .'Sliei ??td-Oiildtch lattalied- to ithe child to fall into my plansy .' A fine, muscular young svomr?ni 1.Gannard svill havehis hands full if She rim4enipt o3.i, t earfthe child. fromni hier::5Itm.; arisky businaess very; risky} It is f:ortunate ·thait flg[iss ~dlit~so retired;~i" '.' ~I.·. .The nurse-passed : slwly on toward the father end of the r.iins.? : . : ' Perhaps 1ishehas arrived .too etrly .and cantiot effect ain -ntrance,' Fic'aney isaid to: hjsbilf I' RPerhaps cantitlbe possible thiat she. has .found a liiding-place ini these 'ruins and comes forth only: at night for fresh air ? .'iil" h ud sh noit haliv?odine so?' and- l?e glanced ..up at' th- ong and iusyk line of rulins, ~itlh lits birokeni casemlents andi 'ivy growsn walls; The ru:ins are isaid,:tor be' haunted.. Why should not their owner take agdvanftace :Of thig'.s-sup'erstition :.to:h~ave ?her? :?l~i'a'feah" 4F;i:'he:.;: U?':";::""{?5i:a;::?:u3.. The ide seeiied sfo feasible thlat heini mediately gave it'cei'dechde." p .." : ' I believe ;,liss Stairlhs: a den :fbr her child;and lits nut se semewhiere siithiniall0that gloom anrid darkness;' hIse :used~i,'We' haye looSk ed- upon-.-itle dy fIj ?"'Oftlihe, r bbeyas1-., matdCn;,ad :all aisd 'thessile&he; has lived her own hicden lite aa wife itan~limother i Ah tlesiwoman is tuiiiig to retra?e her steps. iin thlis directioin. "I wonidetri'w;here Gan~inard :is; Hie shouild be oiigind.r.' i" in SHe:.peeredi ibo6iuthhimi yet iiore- inxibusl',, and listen1%d'yet'nore'initenlytv. -Andhiowthe heard; a faiit rustling near at hand anti~ii e'tH under brush and the souind of;subdued and st'eaflthy. ,hisperang. ";His e&e; .gle~amd.'in tls?e da. kness. He knew that :his~trusty, c6i-,i?2 federates we re at hin d ?icady olErt.heir work. It was now near!y eight o'clock. -::In the deep and glboofiy 'shadodws uieiF? ?r~thf black arch of the tall fortst trees; :'in the-shelter of tlie.-Abbey: ruits, isalkeddthe upsuspectifg. nurse, vih Joliettes:?'child in hier arms. And id the? deeper \:shadobws. tlhat '.:enclosed., the1 'Monilk's' Wal'€' hle a great solid wall of blackness,: Iurlued the icthree eiiemies ofi the child,: waitingsidith hushed breathland eager hands the moment· ihei the woman should draw near to them-upon herretiriii coUise l SI wi~iiVtr ithe Abbey, upon its fai'theraridtIin themagnifieent d$iningbei , o'oiette' p~r'esided ait the crystal,' id dn sionig witli;'e'cjiisite bits of colortingn9, ehibiting in floweis;iitt '-ihuse grapes, pink clheeked peahes@ aind forced pines, made'ailharming plcturein?itseilf The tights burned soltly ?s lihefir'eshon#e edly in the grate Mr. Weston had ong ince re turn ed to. ILondonl, bIit AdrianRossie' 1was sol his old. place, andi Mrs. Malvetrne madethe third and' 'final eii7mbe'er' of!t usei '.tf: '?i . h, The events of the' past ' Bfew g h'tid wrought a" get cang: in?e'? h memifFfil of .the small group?. '., , '" '7 -;7 " -o?:." r '.-. .-' j Adrian .RiSsitur lo~oked yJears o~lader was grave atnd quiet, wvithithe shadow of a-great., .trouble on hlsface. ,h, hesupposed fate of poor ,'harlot Lyle veighed: heavily uporihimi, although her name was seldoni uponi:his:lips.. Mi Irs, Malveir'n had iconcluded':tdf·ir F'her departure fro? . Blair. Abbey ,until after the expebted deceae of ISii Maik Trebasiml an until after. the accomplishment of Fa!vnie'si schenime' s regarding Jolie'te's child- She kniew :that her presence at the ,Abey hlia li biecome exceedlingly distastefiul.to her hostess, biit .the fair widoiv~;ivs not troubled ivith scru'ple 'df% delic;acy, andihtiougli t only of hier. own- advantage:She was-dressed in a mauve" colored silk, and wore a set of pearl orna ments, and lookedlarger and heavier than ever befdr'e,while her' countenance worean. iexpression of. 'suapeicilizs'usn'ess and :self-com placency 'tliat, iunder other citcumistaiices?? Joliette:mighi t'havf.oun d highly aniuingtimj; There was another reason for the widowi's prolonged, stay, at the Abbey.: The, little matter of her enlarged income ad tilhe settle ment upon her of the Thames villa had niot yet been satisfactorily settled. 1Mfr. Weston, after due deliberation, had advised Joliette to accede to Mrs: 'Malverne's blackmailing :demands, and had intended to make the necessary transfers of property to the widow without delay, but Sir Mark Trebasil's tin expected illness had placed the matter in abeyance. If the baronet should die, there would be no need of buying Mrs. Malverne's silence.' In the event of Sir Mark's death, the marriage of Joliette and the existence of her son would be ot course proclaimed to the world. But if the baronet should recover which now seemed impossible-the widow's silence would be purchased. Mrs. Malverne understood the thoughts and plans of the lawyer as well as if he had imparted them to hsr, but her complacency and general satisfaction were by-no mean, dis'urbed. If Sir Mark should die, she would ma.rry Fawney and beconme mistress of Waldgrave t:astle, .in which casesne would haire no need of money or house from Joliette. Whichever way matters might turn, she bIelieved herself sure of especial good fortune. Joliette, in vivid contrast to the full-blown widow, clung to her mourning garments and indeed seemed to dress in deeper mourning than ever. Her slender figure seemed to have grown thin to fragility: there wese dark lines beneath the great jetty eyes : the pale olive skin had acquired a new transparency, a deeper pallor. She looked like one whose days are full of anxiety, and whose nights are sleepless. Yet, in her generous desire to hide her own troubles from Adrian Rossitur, who had himself suffered so much, she had assumed an air of cheerfulness that would have deceived one less keen eyed than he. The dinner over, the party adjourned to the drawingroom. Joliette, her thoughts drifting to her boy out in the dark in Monk's Walk with his nurse, sat down in a great amber arm-chair before the ruddy hearth and busied her restless fingers with wool embroi dery. Rossitur took up a book, malting comments upon ;t. Mrs. Malverne seated herself at the grand piano, played a few bars from a- new opera, and then, finding her companions dull, remembered that she had letters to write, and wenti to her own room. Joliette's work dropped from her fingers' as the widow disappeared. Rossitur laid down his book with a' weary sort of smile. ! Hard work, this.,:trying: to keep .up an interest in things we';do "ot ?are for,' he said. .A penny for your tho6ugis"sJoliette.' ' S",i-,as, thingng' of rmiy h'boy-- -. liis faither,' said Joliette, sighing. 'Y I knew it by the expression of yoir face. I ijas over at the castle to-day, but I was not allowved to see Si'r Mark. ,They say he: is *ralyginp gto dJiette" i joliet'te's face grew whiter? and-a drearier Ilok came into her sombre eyes, but she made no answer. .. i:*HIe can't .last, much longer, .:.continued 'Rossituir;'?-'i. M Prenfold;' the rector, youti kniow,-speaks of.'Fi wney' as Sir. Mark's:heir. Several. of the tenants, are- already paying couiirt to .:Fawnhey; andihe, I !undeistanfd, is swelling himself up: witl Importance. He assumes airs of patronage, and even carries himseI:f asm'.iistet.of the-, hou??eihG1?1'ild.' :Hed ode'red .the stewiard to report to him hence fdrth. "What a fall, my countiymen,- he vill suffeirwhen he finds that SirlMark;hasaleft 'aso0o and hei:, and th thatt'oughSirs Mark may die,; Sir Archiiladw ll regr??ig and iin his stead !'.. is Sir 8 Mark consiious 3?Does he know H i e'-He lies silent insli~s" bedbut' :ulie is'con. scious; He is allope??to seeno cine except his doctors, \nurse, ind valet, and the old housek'eeper. 'If he were really dying,' said Joliette;.in Y~liV voice, I, should go to him and tell him otf the e~xstence ofihlis son: "But'I coslo' n;ot dbo tliat .whileth'e:faintest b possibility remains that :he riidteco ver. : He hates me, you khowiv; he believes mevile and .iicked'; if he :ere to get well he would tear my boy from me. and leave me d'solate . " i :Rossitur assented. : : W.; %Vercan"ol ~nyo-wa"t;"h"'isaidl :Adoi Jolhette, as Mrs, Malverne has-retired for the night, thlre -is no :.n:eed that you . shdold rei main here?. ?Let us hagi!erboiip with \'ilaster Arcliie?e. evillchliereou if iany onie can.' Jolsffeteglanicediat thelcloc k 'Meggy . iustiilhave,.broughtl hinti iio.l1n? berdee th is"' shei said.' I' will let y??oiin it iat te poistern-door, Adriani Perhap4 a ronisp with little Archie will do us bothlt good . R ossitr'lsr-rlledpout of doos asipparently fot his usual evening walkiand cigar upon the terrace:; Jolette avenstzup.tol ler ownrrooms." Slae fouind iMrs: Bittleidozitg beforethe fire if th? 1argedrstinrooifi?,i" iTe servin?g woma ais tarted:i up -at- the entrance of hler young mis tres, and murrpuiel some apology for her diowsness . ,. . Is Meggy come nm ye? ased olette S' Shte ifitust have comein lo'ng ago,- my lady, answeredi MrsB'ttle Itseisafter half passtteer sartca i e willb justready for his romp It doe beat l o ulo frolic lei s i - Joliktte opened the secret d lat'gave into thle hiddete ruins Mrs Bittle followevd'her"-Thfi itigroomi wasl brigiht andwarmiand. pleasant, but-the urse and child we not'tthr The rewerer heaps of :toys' on' thefloorokmnga if the. liitle petted hir?d~juitbee?i pying with' them. ,Having :sec,.uregd . the doos, :Jliiette and . Mrs. Bittle :entelredithe. bedchamber, and passed SA sclus.te ?f, w?a ca:dles burned" softly here uponf theli mantelpice. The fire glowed behind the:tall bright cnursery fender. The door tlthat gave iuporn tlie 'secret staircase was ajair. .But niurse and child werSestill missing;. i Strange thatI, ysould'.stiy out.So. late,' said Joliette, uneasily. ' Too much of this saight air s unot.good for., baby, I think:. Ill go down astd let Mr. ,iRossttur in, and, 'at the sametime, I ll call'Me., 'g .... She hurried down the'staircase and opened the little p:idern door. Rossitur stood, ithi ou't. ,' A O . . .. . Meggy has noticome in yet, Adri ,?nsaid Jnli ettelook 'out beyornd- ltr and trying to pierce the gloom with her anxious glances/ ' Will you call lih~i, please? t ,,:. Rossitur called softly/. -,No one answered.' ' She tiay beL at the fiarther and ofthe ruins,, he said &''' (vill get in tlift dirt?ctone' He aove'dvavay"'tlt'ough thed1arkifess,"HIe was.ab'ent :someminutes;.aind'r~rfieiihd' ffii"' successful and thoroughly uneasy . ' She may have extended her walk int6the parlik, .Joliette,' he.said; 'she'is not'in 'the Monk's Walk. Have you known her to.go far from the ruins ? ' Never. Something must have happened, Adrian. She would not have left the Monk's \Valk, I am sure.: Perhaps she has been taken ill. I will find a lantern.' ', Mrs. Bittle had been standing on the stairs, listening, and she now hurried away in quest of a lantern. She was gone several minutes, returning at last with the required article, and Rossitur resumed his search. . ' I must go with you,' cried joliette. '·keep guard here at the door, Mrs. Biitle. Call to us if Meggy comes back. Come, Adrian.' She flew past Rossitur, half-wild with her' growing fears. Together they examined the Monk's Walk and explored the ncighboring shadows. They had investigated the WValk the distance of two- thirds its length when Joli-' ette espied a dark. object lying in the very edge of the hushes a fc, rods in advance if them. With a cry ofterrot ste sprang forward. 'rhe object, ulon nearer approach, was seen to be the form of a woman, stretched upon the ground, helpless and unconscious. 'It is Meggy!' cried Joliette. 'The lantern ! Quick, Adrian I' Rossitur ran to Joliette's side,;and the red glow of the lantern was turned full.upon the unconscious woman's face. It was the face of Meggy Dunn, but so beaten, bruised, and bleeding as almost to defy recognition. The nurse's garments were torn, her hat gone, and in her tightly-clenched hand was a piece of cloth that might have been wrenched Ifom a man's coat, 'What can have happened?' ejaculated Rossitur. 'What ?' Joliette interrupted him with a shrill cry and sprang up with the spring of a panther. 'My boy !' she whispered, hoarsely-' my boy, Adrian ! He's gone! Archie ! Archie !' Finding her voice and calling softly with all a mother's passionate teuderness, Joliette explored the vicinity; but no cooing. voice answered her. The child had not crept away in baby sport or terror. The piece of cloth in the nurse's hand, and the woman's frightful appearance, attested that the child had been taken from her by violence. 'Oh, Adrian, I see it all i' she cried, turn ing to him a face wild with despair. 'Sir Mark Trebasil has done it all: He has be reaved:me of my by--' : '?Sir. Mark ! Why he is. ill-.'.: : ',His" illnesseis a pretense,, or else he has workled iy otheris Don't yito see ? Adrian, h: had 'discivered the scret' of..i'ny stay at Arpignon.) He knew of, the existence of his son. H:e made me own the fact that I am a mother. And he has torn my boy from me. This is his boasted revenge ! Oh, wihiatshall I doiWhat'shi~. I do ?, i 'The first thing to be done,' said Rossitur,, .,is to revive this poor creature, and hear from her ?vhatihatas Iappdtied. Take the lantern Joilette. I. will carry.Mrs Dunn intothe Ab ::Joliette. took: the lantern anid R ossituiittiied: to lift the nurse. She, was no light weight, however, ;tid it was with difticultjy that he succeeedL ini transporting her to the litttle postern door aind the lobbywithin. Here he laid ber upont the -floor. itMrsiBittle atll hoiror and ama~zement, brought water and pungent salts, and burnt feathers, and other popular remedies, and :presently,- Meggy. Dunn ggive i gns of returning ,consciqus ness.s, ... . .. s a d:,!.tI :,sof ~'ri As shie opened bhei,:eyes;, anti'her. .gaze rested :upon Jolette'sshite and, anguished f"ee, the inurse started upp, cryingoit-:shrilly,: ?' Didi he get ?ayd'? Whiere is1,the b-byh Oh, rmy lady,;he rmah;spfang outl.upon-me and tdied tc ear, thei childlfrom my. arms! See hqow I foughit for little :·Master.Archie.! Is ihe. gonie ?.It's:al Sir Mark's doing, my lady ! I h-this:stolen the boy ,to.revenge.him-: !self ihuponi you W all 'iiefer?. ee the baby! :Il , ,::: ;:;i ;CHAP?ER LIV. Ata -veryearl hour,:l u pon lthe morning succeeding the events narrated:im the pre ceding- chalpte. Adrin . Rossitrir. presented himself at l V ilugrive Castleiad. reqcajise~d a pr'iv'ate intervie w':.th :i: Mark Trebasil, ' onrimiodrtantl business," Of .course, the .,. . r / "?? .·t,- '. ; ·.;,.,,?·.- , ·. ..? ?e , . ? request·lwas met wlth aipoli?erefusal, nope the less decided fir being polite.?:..'i.Rossitur.s. "hb~uieistediri'dbind~iaW .i"f:?'iBitf-g.' ifeft'd? FF~ dencel, in tihe sttaem'rit of the condition of the-?ahroinet, iand he 1deminded to see the doctor, iho was stillat the cast e dufring the largeriportioniof :he tiime'i.i , : :A seivanritwas?despatchedi searcihofithe docior, and Mr Ro;iSsitUr, vas uishered into a rieept in-room, : where" the? .?iebasil practi. tioner presently 'oined htim ,,-r,, q .I.. Iwshi t0:see Si 'Ma-rk''u pbnmos tuige?.it business,'. said.os.sit. 'rari- mgand bowing :' Thieservant tells iAhliat~s maste1rssilltt veay illnd th?i? .see :fio isitorsIs, a persia d- thtat he wou ld see met ,;it .; .' ,-. 'Impossble .mydeyar siri?'impossiblei?Si Mark can see no one :;?Not even iiihis'dearest frienad could be admi itteaid ,lito is ~b ied tleast; ::you will deliver .to him ia noit from me--o n s as That also is an i':lossi iliye is no able to receis:e visits orreia:lett:ers If you have business iwith Sir :Mark ?rRIff.oRssiturI must tell you. that it is extrermiely iimiprbabti if he can ever attend to business again iYoui would dobetter to see :Mr. Fawivney". Hieis Sir Mark's heir presumplive,' and is ilreaidy taking upon himselt many of his future duties.' , . . Rossitur looked irresolute. : : .. Is Sir Mark really arid truly incapable -of seeing any one?' he asked. Or does ihe seclude. himself becausehe..desires to be thought ill?' M * t n .. He-is- really and truly ill, sir. How could Iany, idea. qother ,than z thatUhave?'?'gt' afloat ?,liHe sees no, one except.. his -nurse valet, housekeeper, and '.the doctors. ,ar . .. .I suppose, then, I must relinquish my designs of seeing him,' said Rossitur. ' I am very.seriously disappolatedi., but ib dodiubt,I shall effect my object without having recourse. to'hiii. Permiit'n mi to bid you good mniorn irig :.sir.".: . . ,: He.bowed:himself out. As he descended Ithe stone steps of the porch, he encountered Fawney, who had just been.on a visit.to the stables, and, who was iquite flushed ;over the merits of thoroughbreds and pointers, which 'ihefiow regarded as his own. The two gentlemen exchanged greetings. ':Have you seen Sir Mark ?' ii.quiredi Frwriey. 'They won't permit me to see himr \---say he's dying, and all that.' 'Do you suppose :he is really so ill as is said, Mr. Fawney ?' asked Rossitur.- .; Do you doubt it, Rossitur?' 'I don' t know what I think;'nFawrn'ey.i',Il came here to see Sir Mark on an urgent matter, but the doctor refuses eveni:to con vey a note to him.: ..I would give a fortune for five minute's interview with the baronet-' Such an. interv~esy is impo'bl,'i',"iner ruptectFawney,. Illor otherwise, Sir Mark will See no one. Ar.ie all well.at theAbbey ?' SMiss Stair is ill,'.repjlied R~issittur. ' She has the:Langworth -doctor in attendance. I have to goor oto Langworth,i so. I will not further detain youi !' " 4 Rossittr mounted his hIorse, which, held by a groom, was in waiting. He had sc.rcely settled himself in his saddle when a castle groom, well mounied, came up the drive" wth the post-b ig, which he delivered to Fawney, who now had charga of the key. Th: villain unlockedi the bag, and extracted therefrom a dozen or more letters1 '\ost o( them addressed to Sir Mark Trebasil, arid coritaining kindly inquiries into his'state.of health. There was a single letteraddressed to Fawney himself and this he detained, sending the bag, with its remaining contents' into the castle. Rossitur's eyes dwelt idly upon the letter as he lingered a moment, loth to depart with out having accomplished his errand. The letter presented the appearance of a small packet, as if other letters were enclosed within it. It was addressed to Fawner in a delicate handwriting and bore the postmark - of Lisbon, Portugal. 'Since Sir Mark has been ill,' said Fawney, with a laugh, 'all my old acquaintances who' had forgotten my very existence,-seem sud denly to remember me and the exact degree ofrelationship in which I stand to the baronet.l Now here's a letter from Lisbon. I know no. one in Lisbon and never was.in Portugalins: my life-' He paused, staring at the handwriting more keenly and with sudden suspicion, and thrust the packet into his pocket Rossitur fancied that Fawriey turned pale and looked frightened for an instant, but the visitor had: no time to linger farther and took his leave. \- Fawney hurried to his:own apartments. He ascertained that Gannard was absent: and tore open the: missive with . feverish' rapidity.. i glapice lshoved 'lim :thliat thl lette was from Charlot Lyle, and that .the .enclosed. missives,, were addressed to Joliette and to-. Adri nORossitur respectively. , , '? . ·,:: ';,,. .? . '. - - ? t ? , . - . : , - ! 