\- There was a candidate who polled The topmost score and now does hold A Member's place in Parliament A man of rank, a man of scent! Now, when the poll's result was sounded, This-candidate was so astoiinded The great surprise was such a " skinner," That he resolved to give a dinner. He sent out " invites "-such his whim To all who had supported him; The answers came in pat and plenty, And duly came to dine some twenty. ; The diiiner passed without defect, The Koederer was quite correct, . Each guest who to the dinner stays . Can't say enough in his host's praise. A week has passed--oh! hitter pill! Each guest received a little bill! And every man who dined so well out Was thus most basely forced to shell out. Tou think this story of a Jew bill Is false P Oh, no! It is a true bill! "Who were these men who were thus quizz tricked ? Go and enquire in Central District. JUST imagine, if you can, the impudence of the man ?who successfully personated that remarkably identi fiable individual, Heir IY N. Rosenstengel, at Queens port at the recent Bulimba election! And only fancy the stupidity of the poll clerk and scrutineers. BoBehstengel is a typical German, fleshy and unmis takable. Tom Campbell's experiences at Mackay, when opposing Hume-Black, were not happy. At his hotel they made him an " apple-pieM bed, and, on his departure, some wag filled his hat-box with sugar. Tom wished he was back again at his Gympie school. Tom Campbell, as I said last week, is to contest the Cook district. Well, I saw the statement made in a country paper that Campbell was specially sent up recently to Mackay to contest the election there, and " was paid beforehand partly by the Liberal Associa tion in Brisbane arid partly by funds voted at Mackay by the publicans who wished to get some money spent, and who did not care much to what risk they put the welfare of the general .community/' ThadyO'Kaiie, in his electoral address, advocates the removal of the seat of Government from Brisbane to either RoekBampton, Bowen, or Townsville. . Before the recent Mackay election, the betting was all. in favor of Tom Campbell as against Hume-Black. In fact, Campbell's supporters made so cocksure of returning their man,,that they gave long odds. When the poll was declared, they started to take their losses out of the hides of Black's men ! It is reported that an unsuccessful rush was made for the A.J.S. Bank, although the object of such rush is not definitely stated. A Chinaman's wife yelled out-"Hooray for ' Griffith- imii' Chinamen! \\* I'm a Chinkey's wife. Hooray!" Then the Blackites floored her. Whoever else comes to grief in the Kennedy election, Isidor Lissner, who is about as popular a man as there is oh the Towers, is pretty safe to be returned. ! Sam Griffith's denunciation of the mail service will keep the Stagnants out of a few seats in the North, which has (to the detriment, perhaps, of Queen- street) felt the full benefit of the said service. It is iust as well for Northern men to paste these remarks in their bats until after the elections. They are taken from Griffith's address: \- "The attempt to bolster up by illegal extortion a service, which, though in many respects valuable, is, as a mail service, ridiculous, has already been defeated, and I hope will shortly be abandoned." Which is to be abandoned ? The mail service or the " illegal extortion ? " Tou can't beat Sam much for cloudiness. The Gladstone Observer hints that an individual whom it calls " Geordy ^ F--" tried at the late ' election to personate a Chinaman. r What ? Personate a Chinky, Geordy ? You're past all hope, oh! lordy, lbrdy I Pray, tell me, oh, thou white forlorn, Was it for Norton or for Thorn, Or hadst thou rather too much swigged ale, That thou wouldst personate p. Pigtail ? The CooktOwn Eerdld, a Stagnant paper, supported Jack Macrossan-"Old Jack"-thus far:-"Itdoes not follow that because a man is not a God, according to political dogma, that he should necessarily be a devil." Pietzcker has repented. His coolie coachman has skedaddled to Sydney. Henri Brabazon le Touzel Hubert pronounces his name Hongree Brabahzong le Toozell You-bear I How did the Maytown editor (Palmer Chronicle, you know)'manage to photograph Ah Sam so faithfully at such a distance from the metropolis. He writes : - JUMP JIM CROW.-S.W. Griffith is acknowledged to be a good lawyer, and, as a consequence, a shifty-politician. To-day a believer In Land Grant Railways, to-morrow a bitter opponent and all from " conviction." One day in favor of Chinese Immigration, the next issuing denunciations against the alien crew. Faithful to nothing except his own destiny, discarding friends and supporters. " 8amuel " moves along enshrouded in self, a mystery to those who know him best, and a snare to the populace who have been deluded by his sophistries. Although the Port Douglas people are represented as being rampantly mad against Handsome Fwed, he has a stalwart champion in the Port Douglas Chronicle which asserts/', without fear of contradiction that Mr. Cooper has always attended to Port Douglas require ments." The cause of the ^hole animosity against Fwed i« that he is reported to have told Cairns that Port Douglas was to be " snuffed out/' This is how Anti-Cant Rutledge estimates the Germans (who have been so far instrumental in put ting Stagnants into the House): If the Government were to introduce European immigrants German and Italians- men who did not require to T>e acclima tised. and who were capable of developing into the highest condition of humanity, it would be a step in the right direction. After they had passed three or four years in a servile capacity they would be ready to take their places amongst the superior classes of the colony, and fit to be taken up, absorbed into, and amalga mated with our own people. So the Germans and Italians have to be slaves for three or four years before they are equal to " our own people P " Now this bangs wizard and doth bang witch! For I such anti-German language \ r Know ofno terms too strong to dub it in! Say,Arthur, are you game to rub it in F Say, anti-Cant-and- Dynamite man, Think you a German's not a white man ? The plan of campaign to be adopted by Thady O'Kane .and his Kennedy supporters is to plump for the ''old man," leaving Rutledge and Stubley severely alone. Thady is already on his stump-tour, making things lively for " the boys." The Mackay Standard has no doubt that the time will arrive when the Coolies will.be imported to work in Queensland canefields, although it may be that such time " will not arrive until various experiments with other classes of labor have been tried." Both the candidates for the Burke are Ministeria lists, although some Stagnant papers choose to put "W. H. Hardwicke down as an Independent. No show for a Queen-streeter up there. Hardwicke's chances appear to be better at present than Palmer's. The most astonished man over the Gyinpie election was John Hamilton. Sam Griffith tried to influence the Townsville election (and how many others ?) by sending this telegram to a prominent Hubertite :— " Certain of majority in new House, allowing for all doubtful seats. This should be understood in Townsville." In the case mentioned, however, the " ghost didn't walk," although the hotels shrieked themselves mad over the ex- publican. Price " swore off." At the result of the poll, he probably " swore on and off." Wonder whether he'll now recant his recantation ? At the election meeting at which Thady O'Kane was formally acknowledged as the candidate of a part of the Charters Towers " Liberal" Association, out of 300 persons present and ever so many names proposed there could only be got two men who consented to be placed on his committee. Nathless, Thady will get a lot of secret votes. There is one of the Charters Towers candidates wagering a "level thousand" that he will get in. It isn't O'Kane, because he hasn't got a thousand to spare; it isn't Eutledge, for he is too pious to bet. Who is it ? Ebenezer Thorne has very wisely retired from thrusting himself into the fierce light that beats upon a politician. And Lumley Hill has turned up. I thank him. for thus at an early period relieving the harrowing sus- pense of a tantalised community. He intends to contest the Cook electorate " in the Liberal interest." It will now take Sam Griffith an eternity to convince people that he is not going to play a little game for the especial benefit of the squatters. However Sam may eloquently prate, And yell denials, shuffling well the cards, The working man will cry, " Just twig your mate! How comes it you and Lumley Hill are pards." For things political are looking rumly When oily Sam can coalesce with Lumley. The Clermont election must be studied in order to understand its result. The candidates were Jones, Killeen, M'Kean, and Wallace. The only Opposition man was Killeen—a local publican. He scored 57 votes. M'Kean and Jones were M'llwraith men. The two scored 98 votes, all of which would have gone to M'Kean had not Rees R. Jones cut in. Clermont and Rockhampton are at daggers drawn, and Jones, as a Rockhampton man, was heavily handicapped. In fact, he never had a chance and only took 28 votes away from M'Kean. Wallace who is now M.L.A., calls himself an Independent. His creed, however, must be considered anti- Griffith, barring the question of land-grant railways. He scored 82 votes. So that, as a matter of fact, during this election there were 180 votes recorded against and 57 recorded for Griffith. It appears that there has been a big fraud in con- nection with the Burke electorate. A Cloncurry barber fabricated an electioneering address, and got it inserted in some far Northern papers as expressing the views of Hardwicke, one of the candidates for the Burke. There are rumors current that Sam Griffith has abandoned his wonderfully- conceived idea of railways on the guarantee system. Sam is suckled on the Telegraph and takes kindly to the Cowlishaw pap. The new notion is, I am told, a system of land-grant railways. Only Sam hopes to satisfy a syndicate with indefeasible leases for fixed periods instead of freehold grants. Between Cowlishaw and Thady O'Kane, Sam is getting on. The Charters Towers Herald has actually given Thady a good advertisment. It says :— Mr. O'Kane is, without exception, the most hard-working, persistent, and cantankerous man in the colony, and, if he be returned, he will make Hon. S. W. Griffith, or any other Liberal Leader who may happen to be in power, do something for his electorate, or be a perpetual Nemesis to him. Arthur Kennedy Dynamite Anti-Cant Rutledge has penetrated a dark and treacherous mystery. The young man has discovered that the M'llwraith Government are "conniving at the introduction of Chinese by the sugar planters for the purpose of frightening the white workmen into accepting coolie immigration. " (!!) It is really refreshing to hear cute lawyers flounder. Rutledge has now virtually admitted that, since Ah Sam's generous defence of the Chinese as against Coolies, the Pigtails have been flocking into the colony in abnormal numbers. The machinations with which he credits M'llwraith just show what ideas a tortuously-minded schemer is capable of evolving out of his imagination. Dear Stagnants/on this notion freeze, It's Mac. who'sbringing id Chinese'! It must be true-it's Arthur's rant, And he, you know is Anti-Cant. Don't dare dispute, sirs, or he'll smite You hip and thigh with dynamite. What? DaxeybusayjiBir, ?iewopldlierrr-4 This candidate for Kenne-die? ." Great Fizgig! burn me like a squib, You don't say so-A lawyer fib P Not he J? He's only, solved & riddle, ?: r> He wouldn'tvtella tairydiadle!', . ; c By gosh! :The notion'malcesme sneeze,. * Our Mdc. " cohhivlnfrdt GKirieste! . Ho, ho! ha, ha! likewise he, he ! Our But. barks up the wrong old tree. Ib'lieve if hecould xnttke appoint, ' Or put Mac.'s mozzle out of joint, . He'd tell the miners, grave and solemn, - In language that would fill a column,.. And all his reputation stake, : , That Mac. connived at theearthqualce ! He'd prove that China's row with France, Was due toMac.'s demoniac glance; likewise, that Mac., the traitor Lascar, - Had causedthe shine inMadagascar. - v All this he'd quickly prove and more, He'd lay. all troubles at Mac.'s door j If sudden came a sun's eclipse 'Twould be, "Another of Mac.'s slips! " To sum all, up, this is the creed Of Butledge and of all his breed. Whatever sort of good there am, - The same is due to Queue C. Sam! But all things evil are, i' faith Connived at by bad M'llwraith! . . . . - - * - * * Now, But., this path we won't be led in it, Go, get a bag and put your head in it. Hunter owed his defeat, for the Maranoa in a y^ry; ; great measure; to the friendly advocacy of his caase\by \ Poor Old Jordan. The "white" men of" that district resented Poor Old Jordan's interference, and refused to stomach Sam Griffith's proposal to rush 40,000 of Jordan's Lambs every year into the: country andthus make labor competition so keen that working men would be compelled t(> do niggers' work for 15/- a week.. r . His gab they said was ordin. , . : . -ary and "bo so*'; i And sothey sent Old Jordan . t OStoJenCl^! ; . ; 'j . £ ? His candidate t)iej: quickly shunted, '.'v From being Hunter he was bunted I -1-* If'Lumley MlV ^efe defeated in the Cook election Of* rather, I; sftould sajr, when Lumley Hill gets defeated in the Cook election, for he assuredly will be d^featejl, Sam Griffith is going to stand his friend. S&m; has promised to nominate Lumley to the ,Upper Hftuse so soon as a vacancy arises. Fancy, the late IAeutenant of the Sub-Section acknowledging General v Sam. ? . ? " ? G. "R, Weise stated, in court the other day, that he was Treasurer of the Ipswich-Liberal Association, but there were no funds! What was he Treasurer of, then, in the name of Finance ? I remember that Bulcock similarly answered Beece's enquiries Seece-ntly as to whether there were no Liberal Associ ation funds out of which candidates, not wealthy enough to shell out for themselves, could be assisted to run an election. There was George Bashford, on the: other hand. He Offered to give £200 towards "the fund," which" appears never to have existed at all. ? I'd bet a pund . That" Libra! Fund, j : Needs putting under muzzle; >f .. 'Taint here, 'taint there, V", 'Taiot anywhere X It beats Sam's Chinese puzzle. Will the Telegraph please emit a howl about M'llwraith's intention to assist Paddy Perkins " on the stump" in connection with Paddy OfSuUiva.h's candidature for Carnarvon F We all heard that it was " infra dig'* you knbw^ for Pat. P., but the Fishwife calmly ignored the fact that Ah Sam-what Miss 3£ate Arden would call her " handsome bo-o-y! " was flying around for Buckland. So, let us have another dose of Billinsgate against Mac;, dear Jimmy Fishwife, it's aboub your time to vomit. But not a word about Sam who is going up for the Foxy Foxton. Nary a word about our " handsome boy." Handsome Fwed has any amount of good company in the Cook now. I suppose he and Hamilton will run together, while Tom Campbell and Lumley Hill (a strange pair, by the god of mongrels!) will be leashed as Stagnant candidates. To set these off properly, there was the indefatigable George Bashford, .who posed as an Independent, and hoped that some thing might turn up for him in the splitting up of votes. " Seeing that George has an eye to contract for some far Northern railways, he might have "copped" all the dissatisfied Port Douglas crowd as plumpers 1 But he evidently found there was no " show," for he quickly resigned. Nominations, Most of the nominations have now been made. So that no fresh candidates can come into the field ex cept for Warwick and for Brayton and Toowoomba, which two sets of nom|nations come off next Tuesday, the 18th inst. . The last nominations were declared on Tuesday, being those for Car narvon and Cook. There are three more sets of elections-on October 1st, on October 5th, and on October 30th. The last named date is set apart solely for the Cook electorate, in order to rectify that big blunder made at Cairns by officers appointed under the Electoral Act. The following arie the elections to come off, with the names of the candidates so far nominated attached: - ON OCTOBER 1st. BUBNETT ... ... ... ... ... B. B. Mbreton E. W. Stuart CARNARVON ... ; ... ... ... J. G. Foxton P, O'Sullivan . DARLING DOWNS (2) ... J. Affleck W. Deacon (since retrd.) F. Kates W. Miles . ON OCTOBER 5th. BALOIWE ... ... ... ... / ... B. D. Morehead (elected) . BURKE ... ... ,... ... ... "W. H. Hardwicke P. M'Lean ] s[: E. Palmer GREGORY ... ... ..» - ' .« T. M'Whannell (elected) KENNEDY (2) ... ... ... ... T, Buckland J. Lissner T. O'Kane - ?' A. Butledge. ' F.JH. Stubley MITCHELL J.Govett' ? v " / - v T. MacdcmaldrPaterson Wi&ttREGO...; ... ... B.A; Bullmore , ; ' ; ; J. Donaldson ? ON OCTOBER 30th. Cdoa:{2) ... ... ..j ... G; Bashford ' ' ' ' T. Campbell' ; F. A. Cooper ; & .' J. Hamilton. , v Lumley Bill v Poor Ebenezer Tliome!, Let us the dewy onion-compelled tear upon his political grave. ^ I reallybegin to feel &> deep compassion for him. Somehow ojr ofker* my sympathiesarealways inclined under. And Ebby is very much under. His poITticswere so slastiethathe offered his services to both sides. Each party leader magnanimously declined the honor. VNow Ebenezer has declined. At the request of his fellow townsmen (FIGARO congratulates Carnarvon upon its wisdom and self-respect) he has retired froia tte totitfeBt. He returns to Brisbane with . even, fewer sympathisers than he had when he left it. His strenuous opposi tion against coolies, too, while canvassing the district, will go far to ruin his Fatrmr and Planter newspaper, at least, so far as the planters ;are concerned, for they supported him chiefly oh account of his strong advocacy of coolies. Said Ebby unto M'Hwraith, "To stand for.^embah I've a mind, I br ingyouTielp. I'm of your faith But sturdy M'nwmth declined. Said Ebenezer unto Sam, : "The Stagnant party's wounds I'd bind, ' A stedfast Griffithite I am ' Yet, somehow, Sam-u-el declined. 'Then FIGARO just spoke to Eb.,! Incontinently Eb. resigned, ' No flies came trooping to his web, And Ebenezer's hopes declined! Ohwhat a weary weight of woe In crooked .channels schemers find, His luck is on the ebb, not flow, "For flawing Eb. has now declined. The Mitchell and Gregory Mail says of T. Macdonald-Paterson, one of the candidates for the Mitchell" Should he be elected, he will certainly ? be our member, but it would be rather a stretch of language to call him our representative." At one of H. E. King's election meetings at Tiaro, some of Bailey's'supporters descended to the mean ness of attempting to break up the meeting by raising a false alarm of fire. There was but one narrow means of exit from the building-the. Protestant Hall -and, had an unreasoning stampede occurred, lives would have been lost, and these schemers for Bailey would have been murderers. ." Dot leedle Sherman vote " also settled the Wide Bay election; and had much to do with the downfall... of Hamilton at Gympie. It has now-been placed beyond doubt that much personation and double-voting took place at Gympie in connection with the Wide Bay election, and is probable that the elections and qualifications commit tee will be asked to enquire into certain proveable circumstances. The D. y. Argus, on the day after the last batch of elections, published, amongst others, this deceptive telegram " Townsville.-Hubert, 915 (!); Macrossan, 935. Seven re turns to come in." Perhaps the wish was father to the statement. This is the very delicate manner in which the Wide Bay News shields the eccentricities of its staff: "Mr. King addressed the electors at Mungarr last night. Our reporter did not turn up here after the lecture." Base Mungarr-el! However,^ he evidently had studied the politics of his employer. His conduct gave Keith the necessary excuse to ignore the meet ing of a political opponent. Tom Price promised, if he was returned for'Wide Bay, to give his supporters a grand feed, with any quantity of Tiaro hop-beer! Tom can now hop back to his own beer. Peter M'Lean, the defeated of the Logan, will, probably, be nominated for Warwick, in which event it is thought that the present Stagnant dummies will retire in his favor. Nunn, however, swears he will retire for none. ' "* George Bashford overslept himself by half an hour at Roma the other day, and, when he awoke, the train that was to have conveyed him to Dalby had departed. He was billed to appear at Dalby that evening, and, as he is not a man to let trifles stop his course, he ordered a special train. That half-hour's sleep cost him j ust £23 10s. And then to think that Kprthern Downs rejected him. He was gruelied there^ now, he has been Gook-ed. On diithat" Jimmy the Jesuit" is to get a port folio in the Griffith Ministry. .' 