The weights for the two leading handicaps to be run at Eagle farm next month, have been published during the week, but I am com pelled to postpone my analysis of it until next week. So far as a enreory glance goes, however. I think the adjastment a v«ry good one. Gipey King, the Bockfaampton representative, has no cause to complain, and I shall expect to see him run well forward for both events. To-day the V.A.T.C. annoal meeting com mences at Caal field, and will be continued on the 20th. The Caolfield Guineas is the prin cipal event to be ran to-day, nearly twenty remaining in the race at latest accounts. On paper nothin' seems more likely to produce the winner than Ifce (if Mr. De Mestnfa selec tion); and after him Delusion, Napier, and Daenna are seemingly most worthy of support, I am informed that Mr. W. G. Jackson at the request of some of the Committee, finally decided not to resign the Secretaryship of the Rockhaxnpton Jockey Club, consequently no fresh appointment was made. There is not ranch alteration to notice in the betting market over the coming V. R. C. events. The scratching of Warwick for the Derby has had the effect o{ harden tag the price of Archie, and 6 to 4 is now the taest offer against this son at Rapid Bay. The general entry for the meeting is very good, Gipey King and Capitnlafcor left on Wednesday, per Barwah, for Brisbane, in charge of their trainer. Mr. W. H. Carter. I did not see the colts prior to their departure, but I believe Gipsy Kioz is in good bnckle, wbilst CapitaUtor is rather eore and not as well as bis friends would wish. Glencoe has arrived safely at bis destination in SwUiey, and it remains to )-e seta how he will shape among the son them cracks. The conditions of the Rock ham pfcoa Sires' Produce Stakes of 1SS7 have been pnblinhed. The race is very similar to that of 'SG. and is ' a sweep of 5 sovs. each from starter*, with £150 sova. added, for all two-year-olds tbe prodo.ee of nominating sires ; colts 8 sfc. 7 lbs-, fillies Set. 4 lbs., no allowance for geldings ; one mile. The nominator of sire of winner to receive 50 bovb. from prize ; second horse half sweep. Owners of sires nomi nated to give pro. note for 10 bovb. each, doe 31st May, IS67, payable to tbe order of Secretary, B-JLO, Bach being the property of the Club. The nomination of sires close on loth December next, being an extension, of one month from last year. The nomination of mares (fra) to cose 30th April, 1SS4 Foals to be described, accompanied by 1 sov on or before 30th April, 1SS5. Sweep payable *& scale.' I am indebted to the conrtesy of Mr. H. N. Ussher, the Hon. Secretary of the Broadsonnd Jockey dub, for the information that six sires bare been nominated for tbe Sires' Produce Stake?, to be run in May next. The sires entered are— Richard, Logic, Laurie, Sir Hercales, Normandy, and Debonair. Tbe prodoce of these sires most be catered on or before the 1st December next, which requires a fee of £L ? be balance of entry {£?-) on night of general entry. At s late meetioe of tbe Black*]! Racing Clnb the following officers were appointed for tbe ensuing year : — Mr. F. E. tdorpby, Presi dent ; Mr. Badge, Vice- President : Mr. Bamier, Treasurer : and Messrs. Olewett, Johnston, Tozer, Null, Sheppard, Dickens, Knight, Frost, Chase, Haylock, CMalley, and Lane, as Committeemen. Warwick has been scratched for tbe V.R.C. Derby, which means another case of backers burning their fingers pretty severely. Mr. J. M 'Gill's celebrated mare Sunrise has drooped a fine filly foal to Epigram, Figaro says -.— D. Headry*s blood stallion EVwnit, well known throa^hoat the Wide Buy and Gympie districts, had to be shot last week. It received a kick from a mare and managed to get its leg broken. Olireria fa fall sister t' Olivia) is said to be very 6t for the coming Q T.C. meeting. She is owa»d by tie astute Mr. J. M*GDL The horeea parchased in England by Lord William Berea/ord for India are — Kepatatioa, Father Prottt. and Uttle Charlie. They were all fair performers. Mr. Weekes bos * £500 match on with Lord Beresford, and in all pro bability will select Tbe Ghost or Transferred to do battle for Australia. Tbe Dowager Dncbe-s of Montroae will nice in fa tore under the assumed name of ' Mr. Manton.' Barcaldine (by Solon oat of BaMyroe) won the Northumberland Plate (2 miles) easily, carrying 9 st. 10 lbs. Mr. Peck, who ownathe horse, is said to have refused £10,000 for him priur to the race. ' Hipparioi ' (Maryfarough CtironkU) writes as fdllows :— 'The committee of the Maryborough Tnrf Clnb met at tie Sydney Hotel on September 21, when it was decided to raist the sum --l £1000 — debentures — for the purpose of formiu^ a new coarse, baHding 3 new gf&nii; stand, offices and paddocks * up ward* of £300 van ealncnbed in the room. Applications for shares are coming in freely. The etand ii to be Urge enough for the requirements of a growing town, ladies are to be tempted there by a cloak or dressing room *ad all conveniences, as well as by a lawn en closed for promenade, free from tbe oaths, the cigarettes, and saliva of the boofcxaateeib The committee show their wisdom in holding oat inducements to ladies, on whom the ulti mate success of nee meetings, « of all great undertakings in. this world depends.' 