THE POSTMAN'S STORY. ' As I was saying, it was Valentine's day, 1872\. My route was from Seventh to Twelfth on Spruce street. The locality was a good deal more fashionable then than now, and some very high-toned folks lived there We won't mention no names nor give nc numbers, but the particular young lady Pm going to tell you about lived just above Tenti street. I had a pretty big load and was nol in the best of temper with my w«rk, but when a beautiful young lady opened the door her self in her eagerness to get the large envelope which was addressed to her, and smiled hei thanks at me, I felt a different man. Nor did I feel the worse after the hot cup of coffee whicha servant had ready for me, as instructed by the young lady, for it . was a bitter raw morning and the bullet wound in the shoulder, which I got at the second battle of Bull Bun, was twitching very bad. Now a postman can't help noticing his letters a bit. Every body hasn't got a letter box to drop 'em in — of course, I am referring to routes of private houses — and you are often kept waiting a half minute or so at the door. The things I've read on postal cards are a caution I can tell you. A postman learns a good deal acciden tally about other people's affairs — but to come back to the young lady. ' I took an interest in her from that 14th day of February, and generally glanced at her ?envelopes. She got a good many, but nearly «H were in ladies' handwriting ; letters from girl friends and invitations to balls and recep tions and such like, I guess. The exceptions were letters in a bold, mancnline handwriting, all written by &e; same man; there wasno doubt about that. At first I brousht them onoea week, ^ *et f^J»J*??^fe; every day, and sometimes twice a day. She often took them in herself, and I always felt liappy .for the rest of the day. Hot bright smile sort of went through me. Once or trtice I received a letter from her to post to liim, I was sure, not that she told me so, but I could tell it was by the way she blushed when she handed them to me. I looked at the address and name. It was a broker on Third street. On the June following the Valentine's Day the family went away, and did not return from out of town until October, but I did not see the young lady, nor did I have any letters for her. 'Hasn't she re turned yet?' I asked the colored waiter. ' Oh, no, she won't beb.ere.till Christmas. She i; now on the 'eohtinong' with her hus- . band. They were married at Newport in August.' 'Oh,' says L And I thought no more of the matter ; events had taken then* natural course by ending in marriage, as all properly regulated' love- letters ought to do. ' She came back with her husband at Christmas, and began housekeeping in the . Fame square as her family, so I delivered her ? letters. She saw me on New Year's Day, and did not forget me, either. What she gave me v.-as sufficient to buy my wife a warm cloak for the winter, with enough left over for a pair of shoes for the baby. The newly-married couple had a heap of letters of all sorts lands and descriptions. Invitations in any number lor both of them, and plenty of female cor respondence for her. He seemed to get let ters from all parts of the world, between them they had more than the rest of the square put together. There seemed to be some change by April. The envelopes of the letters had the names of store-keepers on them, and doubtless contained bills. The following month similar letters came very thickly in deed, and so did letters with the names of lawyers on the upper right hand corner of the envelopes. He seemed to be always at hems, for he often came to the door himself and took the letters from me, as if anxious for the ser vants not to see them. A good-looking man he was, with a proud manner and a dissipated face. ' ' We are going away to-morrow,' said the colored servant one morning, as I handed -iim the ordinary batch. ' 'Out of town?' I asked. ' ' Out of dis town, I guess,' he replied, with a grin. ' The sheriff's1 officers are in the house.' ' When I was delivering the letters the next day, a hack drove up to the door, and I lingered a moment out of curiosity. The lady came down leaning on her husband's arm, looking so miserable and altered I hardly recognised her. She must have noticed tbe expression. on my face for she nodded to me and smiled; but such a ghost of a. smile ! A few days afterward the thingg in. the house were sold By auction, and new people came to live there ; and soon, amid the many thoughts of 12e, I forgot all about the young lady: ? . ' ' It was in the summer of 1877, when I got put on a route .in Gennantown. . I was not very well, and thought the country walking would do me good, so I changed routes, with the permission of the postmaster, with acorn rade who worked, as I said, in Gennantown. Sorting out .my letters, as I served one ot the pretty, leafy avenues, I came across one ad- - dressed to the old familiar name, Mrs. ? , and in tbe husband's handwriting. . The postmark was Colorado; so he was away; that was evident. She was sitting on the porch of a pretty little cottage, with a child in her arms. It was easy to see she was no longer rich. The dresses of herself and child, and the smallness and dirtiness of the Irish servant maid, who was cleaning a parlour window, denoted the fact at a glance ; but she did not look unhappy, and she knew me at once. ' Why, postman, she exclaimed, ' is it pos sible it can be'you? * - - - . ' ' Yes, ma'am,' I says, * it is ; *h uniting you kindly for remembering me, and here is one of his letters for you.' ' She took it from me with the old eager ness, and as she turned to go into the house I noticed her pressing it to her lips. He didn't write very often to her — every two or three weeks, not more, while sometimes much longer intervals elapsed. It used to make me quite miserable when I noticed her pleading face as I passed morning after morning with out anything for her. ' ' You are quite sure you have not got one, postman' ', she would ask. ' Quite sure, ma'am. The Western mail is bite to-day — not delivered till to-morrow,' was my faltering excuse. 'Christmas Day arrived, and I had not delivered a letter from the husband since the middle of October. She no longer came to the door now. The little servant girl told me her mistress was nearly always ilL At List I brought a letter from Colorado — on the last day of the year ; and then I delivered one regularly once or twice a week, until Febru ary. The lady began to come to the door again, looking something like her former bright self. ' The 14th of February — Valentine's Day —came round, aftd I had a Colorado letter for the lady; but it was not in tbe husband's handwriting. She came to ihe door. ''Here is a valentine, ma'am,' says L cheerily. ' I hope it will make you as happy as the one I delivered to you in Spruce street about five years ago.' ' ' Thank you, ' postman,' ' she replied, 'and I have got a hot cup of coffee for you.' i ' ' She took the letter, eyed it curiously, , and opened it with trembling fingers. I was watching her while sipping my coffee — a glance at the contents, and she fell back life- ! less. The little Irish girl came up immwlin. , tely, and between as we carried the lady into '? the parlour, and laid her on the sofa. Then ' I took up my mail bag, for of course I could -' not wait,- and continued my delivery. A few \ houses away lived a doctor, and I told his { servant there was a sick lady who required medical aid. I had no letters for the cottage j the next morning, but the little servant ! rushed out to tell me the lady was dying, and « the letter from Colorado was from a police ' justice, saying the husband had run away [ with a woman to Australia, taking with him t a huge sum of money he had stolen from his ^ employers. The letter also said it was sup- I posed, where he was working, that the woman, , who was bis companion, was married to t him, until a search among the defaulter's f papers disclosed the existence of a wife io , Philadelphia. Before the week had closed, there was a bow of crape on the cottage door, and the doctor's certificate said, ' Died of a broken heart.' Have you got a match about you, sir ; my pipe has gone out,' and the postman trudged off homeward with his mate, the letter-sorter. 