TENTERFEELD. (Abridged from, the Star J A light thunderstorm occurred on Thurs day afternoon, when a smart shower of rain fell in town, lasting, however, only a few minutes, but we learn that some se ven or eight miles out, both North and South, it was much more severe, and ac companied by "immense hail, or lumps of ice and heavy rain. A valued correspondent, who is ob viously of a philosophic and moralising nature sends along the following interest ing episode:—" With the spread of know ledge, and the progress of science, we be come more enlightened and more matter of fact every day. The dim soft light of the old wax taper has given way to the strong bold glare of the mighty electric lamp ; the old world fancies and weird be liefs of our grandmothers hare been swept away by the spread of universal education ; and the poor ghost and the banshee have long ago given up business and retired before the calm, judicial enquiry of mo dern science. Satisfactory and proper, no doubt, aB all this may be—is it not the case that we look back with regret upon these " good old times," and half- blinded with the glare of modern light and cynic ism, long sadly at times for the quiet life and childlike faith of our simple ancestors. Amongst the prevalent beliefs of old days, none perhaps held a higher place than that relating to horseshoes, and their in fluence upon the fortunes of the human race. It was not only the most important, but it has proved to be the most lasting, for even now many secretly and a few openly, avow their adherence to this creed. The following incident, which happened a few days ago in this neighbourhood, { would certainly tend to prove that such a faith is not without reason. A well known squatter was driving along one of 1 our bush roads, accompanied by a lady, when the latter noticed an old horseshoe : lying on the track, and begged her com panion not to pass it. Willing to humour her, he stopped the horses, picked up the shoe, and presented it to his companion, who duly cast it over her left shoulder ; and, now mark what followed. The stop page caused a delay of two minutes. Just as they started again a large limb fell with terrific crash right across the track iu front of them. The gentleman looked at his watch, drove to the spot, again took the time, and found it exactly two min utes. If they had not stopped to pick up that horseshoe, they would have been right underneath that limb when it fell, and the remainder of the journey would have been postponed sine die. It is hardly necessary to state that the faith in the efficacy of old horseshoes gained an ardent convert on the spot. Moral: Never pass a horseshoe, and never fail to comply with the wishes of the fair Bex." i 