ENGLISH AND FOREIGN AFFAIRS. LONDON, Aug. 14. The assassination of Carey has dealt a severe blow at. the slowly- recovering prestige of the English Executive i in the sister isle. It has shown that those who seek to save themselves from the gallows at the expense of their companions in crime will have to reckon with an avenger, and henceforth, intending informers will be compelled to weigh the chances of being hung with those of being assassinated. That the Government should have failed to protect the life of their chief informer cannot be too deeply regretted, not for the sake of the despicable wretch himself, but because their failure to do so will neutralise the effect of much that they have done to stamp out crime during the past six or seven months, Earl Spencer, it is well known, bitterly blames the Government in private for the way in which they have blundered over the disposal, not only of this man Garey, . but of the other three informers whom the Victorian Government decline to allow to land on their shores. According to the opinion of many experienced officials in Dublin, it was the height of folly to send any of the men out of the country for some time to come. As it was, they have been turned out almost unprotected upon the world at the very time when the hue and cry after them is at its hottest. The tone of the nationalist journals over this event is, of course, jubilant in the extreme. One of them exultingly points out that by turning informer Carey only saved his life by two months, and that he was no better off for not being hung with his companions. When the news became known in Ireland the public rejoicings were universal. Bonfires biased in the streets of all the principal towns, nor could the utmost efforts of the police put a stop to them. In the Dublin Police Court alone last week over a hundred persons were fined for assisting at these demon stration, but the punishment was entirely without ofl'eoU During the daytime boys and girls collected subscriptions in the public streets for the purchase of the Materials for the evening's bonfire ; the usual form of solicitation boing, " Please, sir, give me a penny to burn James Oitrsy." Ballad singers have also been hawking about the streets a song on the event, the chorus of which runs-" "Fill up the glass, and let it pass, and whisky drink galore ; our greatest foe is down below, and he'll be seen no more." One or two important discussions have taken place in Parliament respecting the English occupation of Egypt. In consequence of the refusal of the House to support Mr. Gladstone's proposed bargain with M. de Lesseps, the right hon. gentleman used words which I think I have already referred to namely, a marked allusion to our '. temporary and exceptional position in Egypt." This expression called forth a good deal of comment, and questions have been asked in Parliament with the object of learning what the Government really meant to do, or whether they had any programme at all as to their future in the "Nile Valley. On the one hand, Mr. Gladstone was pressed by the radicals to carry out his promise of a withdrawal fixed by Lord Harrington in the spring at six months and, on the other hand, the Government had to confront the pressure of the Conservatives and of the bulk of public opinion at home, which practically favours a permanent occupation of the county. Mr. Gladstone's explanation on this point has been exceedingly admit. He has stated that we are in Egypt for a specific purpose, and until that purpose is accomplished we cannot withdraw. He has also read to the House a letter from Lord Dufferin, wherein the letter expresses an opinion that the Egyptian army is being satisfactorily reorganised, and that the various aspects of the administrative, police, and judicial reforms, are, on the whole, favourable. Mr. Gladstone was fortunate enough to be able to use phrases as to the impossibility of stating when we can withdraw from Egypt which both Tories and Radicals were equally satisfied with. The latter were well content with Lord Dufferin's letter and Mr. Gladstone's promise that Egypt shall not be left to herself, while the Tories, on the other hand, were pleased to learn that we shall keep a watch at Cairo till a people which has never yet in history conceived the idea of managing its own affairs has assimilated a proper constitution of a pronounced Liberal type." Such is the Sirtntiard's construction of Mr. Gladstone's precedent conditions to our withdrawal from the country. The story attributed to Prince Bismark of having, in conversation with the Prince of Wales, blamed Mr. Gladstone for not openly annexing Egypt does not find general credence. The words, however, attributed to the German Chancellor are known to be in accord with his opinions. The impression with regard to this subject in England is that the Government feel bound by their pledges, but they are embarrassed by their duties. The Suez;: Canal debate which took place last Monday was virtually a beating of the air. Sir Stafford Northcote committed a huge mistake in forcing a conflict over a resolution>which could be assented to by everybody, and was approved of by nobody. The right hon. gentleman asked the House to adopt a motion in favour of petitioning the Queen that, in any future negotiations with the Suez Canal Company, she would not recognise any claims to a monopoly which would have the effect of preventing competition on the part of other undertakings. Mr. Norwood, on the Liberal side of the House, proposed an amendment, with the object of leaving the hands of Parliament and the Government free in the matter, and this amendment was carried by the large majority of 99. The leader of the Opposition committed a serious tactical blunder in pressing his proposal to a division, and thereby enabling the Government to show the country that they possessed so large a, majority. Moreover, the arguments with which his motion was supported advanced nothing, as Mr. Gladstone said, which the Government were not prepared to to concede, and the only special feature brought to light by the debate related to the legal aspects of the question. Though the Attorney-General made out an excellent case from the standpoint of equity in favour of M. de Lesseps' monopoly, some of the ablest lawyers in the House of Commons adopted the contrary view, with almost equal force and clearness. Mr. Arthur Cohen, Q.C., a very high authority, argued that the concession to M. de Lesseps was of the nature of a franchise, and that if the Khedive chose to offer M. de Lesseps compon Bation, which that gentleman would be bound to accept, he might confer a similar franchise upon any other company. The view at present taken by the English Go ment is that M. de Lesseps cannot cut a second canal across the Isthmus without obtaining a fresh concession, nor can he even widow the present waterway, though it is within his power to reopen it. The Parliamentary proceedings also included two or three other subjects of Rothermere than average into rest. For instance, there has been an excellent debate on South African affairs, in which the Government come out, not with flying colours exactly, but certainly with more credit than had been expected. Owing to the foolish tactics of the Opposition, Mr. Gladstone was able to fix upon them the original cause of our South African complications, and, possibly, the dexterity of the right hon. gentleman, and his superior skill as a debater has never come out in great or strength than during the past week, Sir Michael Hicks-Beach fell under His lash most heavily, and Mr. Gladstone was able to show his critics on the Opposition side of the House that it was in consequence of endeavouring to repair the injuries which had been done, and to counteract the follies which had been committed by the Conservatives when in office, that the recent phases of the South African difficulties had occurred. The Government had not always succeeded in their endeavours, but he pointed out with considerable skill that the blame was not wholly with them. The news from South Africa since the defeat of Cetewayo was reported has led to the opinion that Usibopu's sus! nesses would be followed by a great calm in Zulu-, land, The last day or two has brought us intelligence that Cetewayo is still alive. If this be so, the ox-Zulu j "King will probably be regarded by statesmen in this country as the ghost at the banquet. He declined to relieve them of the responsibility caused by his presence. Mr. Gladstone's answer is the House of Commons to Mr. Ashmead-Bartlett, to the effect that the Government saw no reason for changing their opinion respect- ing the annexation of New Guinea, has caused a real surprise. It was known that her Majesty's Ministers had been enormously impressed by the memorandum of the Agents-General in favour of the South Pacific and New Guinea annexations, and it was thought that they would avail themselves of an early opportunity to satisfy the colonies at least to some degree. It must not be assumed, however, that the Cabinet are standing by the hard-and-fast lines which Mr Gladstone's answer would seem to imply. In the first place there is no man in the House of Commons to whom they would be so indisposed to make substantial explanations as Mr. Ashmead-Bartlett. In the next place it is unreasonable to expect that they would suddenly perform a change of front under circumstances which would carry with them a condemnation of their earlier decision, Moreover, there is a good reason for stating that certain members of the Government are privately making many inquiries as to what form of settlement will suit the circumstances of the case, I am not singular in believing that, sooner or later, the Government will give way to the demands of the colonies, and that it would require but very little pleasure indeed to fence the bands of her Majesty's Ministers on this subject. So Blight a temptation is necessary that if the colonies could suggest some financial select sufficient to indicate that they are working together, that they are united in object, and willing to bear a substantial part of the expense, I firmly believe that her Majesty's Ministers would not raise any serious opposition to the projects which have been laid before them. The bill which has lately passed through the French Chamber, proposing to Hood the Pacific islands with something like 60,000 of the worst criminal classes in France, has greatly annoyed the authorities in Downing-street. They feel bound to respect the French feeling rcspectingthoNowIIobrides-"astowhich it is useless for the colonies to make any demands but nearly everything else which the Australian colonies have asked for would most likely be obtained, if the colonies would show a spirit of union, and a combined willingness to hear some at least of the expense. Altogether, the circumstances of this case remind me very much of the story of the instructions given to Admiral Edward Collingwood, An official despatch was forwarded directing him to refrain from going into action ; but the Duke of Clarence, then Lord High Admiral, scribbled on a bit of paper which he enclosed with the despatch, "These are the official instructions ; but I say, Go it, Ned ! " " A good many persons who are bound by circumstances to approve of the views of the Government on those annexation questions are very much in the position of the Duke of Clarence. The issue rests with the colonies themselves if, in sporting phrase, they will only make the running." The friends of the colonies in this country have had substantial cause for irritation by reason of the circumstances attending the despatch of several of the Dublin informers to Australia. When paragraphs appeared in the newspapers some six weeks or two months ago to the effect that several informers would most likely be sent to Australia, the idea occurred to some of the Agents- General whether a formal protest should not be made against that step. Though there was no combined action among the Australian Agents-General, one of their number, Mr. Murray Smith, lodged a strong protest at the Colonial Office against the idea of sending informers to Australia, his chief interest of course being in his own colony. The other Agents General were content with this action, especially as there seemed to be no absolute probability of the news in the London journals being correct. There was a widely prevalent feeling that many of the newspaper statements as to the whereabouts of the informers were simply intended to throw dust in the eyes of the public, and it was certainly incredible that any journal should be permitted to mention the precise neighbourhood to which they would be despatched. The Colonial Office placed themselves in communication with the Irish Executive, and when telegrams reached this country announcing that the Pathan had arrived at Melbourne, and that the Melbourne Government had refused to permit the in- formers to land, so incredible was the whole story that the officials in the Colonial Office did not believe it, especially as they had recent assurances from the Irish authorities that no " notorious informers " would be sent to Australia. The Agents-General have left the future stages of the battle to be fought by Mr. Murray Smith, but they none the less share his feeling against the imprudence of sending informers to Australia, and the whole occurrence has caused no" small measure of indignation. The St. James's Gazette has taken up the case of the colonies with a good deal of vigour, and it is very likely that the attention of Parliament will be called to the subject. The fault for this blunder seems to rest with the Dublin police officials, who have been permitted to have too much of their own way, The insulting questions asked by Mr. Healy respect- ing the dishonoring of certain Irish magistrates in Sydney arose out of the intense feeling of disappoint- ment which prevails in the Parnellite ranks because of the treatment which the Redmond mission received in Sydney. Mr. Italy's threat to inquire how many of the Sydney Government and officials are descendants of convicts is not likely to be carried out, unless Mr. Healy desires to be snubbed by the Speaker. In the event, however, of Mr. Healy pressing this query, Sir Saul Samuel has written a letter to the Under-Secretary for the Colonies, which he may read to the Commons if he likes, protesting against such aspersions on a loyal colony. Mr. Healy's attack is an excellent testimony of the successful blow which your colony has struck at the Redmond agitators. The cholera in Egypt has carried off about 12,000 persons, including about 100 English soldiers, three officers, and one chaplain, "Within the last few days, however, there has been a rapid decline in epidemic, and the rising of the Nile encourages the hope that we are now within a measurable distance of the end of this scourge. The English authorities are at length making their influence felt, and even the Prefect of Cairo has been compelled to acknowledge their superior wisdom, and begin to their requests. Of all the horrible details connected with this epidemic nothing is worse than the history of the plague in the Cairo madhouse. The authorities denied the existence of the cholera in this building as long as they could, but when it could be no longer concealed, and when the British officials were able to obtain admission to the asylum, there was presented to them one of the most revolting spectacles on record. The newspapers will doubtless give you details as to how the dead and dying were lying together, how corpses were left unburied for days, how the poor mad wretches were shut up for weeks and months in an iron cage, and how an utter neglect of diet and cleanliness pervaded the whole building. The Republican rising at Badajoz was something like a thunderbolt in a clear sky. A couple of Thou tenant-colonel in command of two regiments took it into their heads to launch a proiitMiciamonio, and the chief of the district having gone away for his holidays, they were able to induce their men to support them in raising the Republican flag. A few of the lower classes of the town fraternised with the troops, but immediately the circumstances became known at Madrid a small army corps was organised and despatched to the spot, The Republicans did not attempt to make a stand, but withdrew into Portuguese territory, where they were at once disarmed and interned. Very little importance attached to this outbreak in the first instance because the Republican party in Spain seemed to be quiescent, and because the country appeared to be thoroughly satisfied with the endeavours of the young King Alphonso to administer its affairs. Within the last day or two, however, we have heard of three or four other small risings in different parts of the peninsula, and it is possible this difficulty may be now invested with more seriousness than was at first expected. It is a remarkable circumstance that in no case has the civilian element joined with any degree of heartiness in the movement. Each rising seems to have been of military origin, and an impression prevails that the wires are being pulled by Republican I agitators in Paris. There is little news from Tonquin. It is believed that the French are being seriously embarrassed by the attitude of China. The latter decline to adopt any ' definite policy till they see the measure of the French arms. China has been making large purchases of arms in America, and she has concentrated a powerful force on the Anani frontier, We have received further news from Madagascar. Our first intimation of this additional intelligence came from Mr. Gladstone himself at the Lord Mayor's banquet when he stated that, although he had not mastered the details of the despatches which have just arrived, he was able to say that they were of such a character as to justify the belief that none of the recent transactions in Madagascar were likely to cause any serious difficulty with France. This was, in fact, a public amended to France for the haste with which the light hon gentleman had accused Admiral Piece of cruelty to Consul Pakenham under circumstances to which I have already referred. In answer to private and pubic he questions in the House of Commons, Mr. Gladstone , has intimated that while the conduct of the French Admiral was pocatblynot so bad as has been represented, there was some reason for thinking that our o va officials, meaning Captain Johnstone, of the Dryad, had not been a free from blame. , Mr. Shapira, of Jerusalem, a well-known arch| logist. has just brought over to England some interesting manuscripts, They consist of about 15 i slips of leather, on which are written in Ohaldoio i characters portions of the Book of Deuteronomy. Their age is supposed to be about 2000 n c. The chief interest about them lies in the fact that, if genuine, they will very materially modify the present reading of the Book of Deuteronomy, the Ten Oorumandmt nts amongst other portions. Mr. Shapira offers them to the English Government for the sum of a million sterling. They are at present deposited in the British Museum, and ara undergoing examination by Dr, Ginsberg and other antiquarians, but a very general suspicion exists that they are not genuine The A noted an Exhibition is now in full swing, which, he ever, is not saying much, because it is certainly very far from being a success. The difficulties which have unfortunately arisen between Mr Holt and J M. Bonnard have seriously affected the New South a "Wales representations It has been exceedingly dull- j cult to obtain jurors for the Australian exhibits, and even the Australian wines have had to be tested very largely by Dutchmen, who of course are familiar with little I else but schnapps. Mr. jjormard has had to trust ¡ almost entirely to Mynhorm for supplying the ranks of the judges. A suggestion has been made, and something may possibly come of it, that the colonial exhibits shall become the basis of a local museum The five men-Featherstone, Dotsy, Flanagan, Dalton, and O'llorlik}-who were arrested, some at Liverpool and come at Cork, in possession of dynamite and infernal machines, have just been tried at Liverpool on the charge of treason felony. The last named, O'Horlihy, was discharged, but immediately arrested again to take his trial on a minor count. The remains ing four were found guilty, and sentenced to penal servitude for life. There is little doubt but that they were all members of the gang under the leadership of Dr. Gallagher, and they have been awarded the same punishment as was meted out to him. Considerable importance is attached to the arrest of a gentlemanly looking man named McDermott, who was taken into custody at Liverpool just as he was leaving a steamer from America, Important documents were found in his possession, and, after a preliminary examination before the magistrate, he has been remanded for further inquiries. From our files of papers to the 10th August we extract the following intelligence - THE DISMISSED 61 MAGISTRATES IN ND.W* SOUTH WALLS. In the House of Commons on August 6 Mr. Healy asked the Under-Secretary of late for the Colonies if his attention had been do away to The following letter and send to three magistrates. Messrs D allow, Casey, and Burk, by the Colonial Secretary.,, Sydney " Colonial Secretary's Office, Sydney, March 8, 1883 Sir-My attention having been attacked by a statement in the now spacers that you, while holding her Majesty's commission of the peace, did sign and present to Mr llotlnioud, on the occasion of his recent visit to Orange, en address, in which you characterised her Majesty's High Court if Po-Iinmroit of the United Kingdom as t ' foretRTi Senate,' and expressed our admiration of "colic remember) to what you designate as us ' impressive or accidents," I desire to invite you to make way r-xn'mictiou you may have to offer of expressions which otherwise appear inconsistent with the commission you hold -I have, etc, ALEX STUART," whoth r on the replies being deemed unsatisfactory the Governor ordered their removal from the commission of the peace, whether the Government approved of the Governor's action, whether the correspondence could be presented to the House, and whether the Governor's salary was paid out of the Inipou of taxation, and if it had set been voted. Mr. Ashley the facts stated in the first part of the question are correct, with the exception of the impression c over ed in the second paragraph, that the Governo-oidcred their re road from he commission of the peace It is true the Governor, as the head of the Executive, acted in the usual way, but the responsibility and initiative of the Royal Government of Sydney, which recommended to him the course he should adopt As to the third question, whether the Government approved of the Governor's action, I hardly think it is a question for the Home Government to express either approval or disapproval of an act done by a Government of Australia in internal adam but the Secretary of State, in acknowledging the receipt of the despatch while ex- pressing. his regret at the circumstances which occurred, expressed also his satisfaction that the Government of "New South Wales had not hesitated to require that the magistrates should set in example of proper respect for lawful authority The whole correspondence has been laid before the 1 legislative Assembly of New South Wales and there will be no objection to lay it on the table this Houses The salary of the Governor is paid by the colonial fund Jh hoxton "May I ask the hon. gentleman what he meant by "the loyal Government of Sydney ."' Is there one Government local and another disloyal i (No, no ) Mr. Ashe) I mean what I said. (Laughter ) Mr. Parnell I wish to ask the hon gentlemen whether " the loyal Government " which he describes is the Government nOTiinatod by the Crown (No, not and whether he wishes to draw any distinction between the Government of the colony in question nominated by the Cross and the elected representatives of the people (No no) Mr Ashley so, sir. (Heal, heard New South Wales is pelf-governed-(Hoar, hear-and the Government depends upon the majority in the Legs lative Assembly Mr W O'Brien I made to suit the hon. gentleman whether he means by the local Government" he Government that is refusing to accept the consignment of Irish informers f (Derisive cheers by the Irish members.) Mr Henry I beg to give notice that I shall ask to be a gentleman how many convicts are in the Legislature of Sydney (Oh, oh, and laughter), whether any convicts- pickpockets and so forth exported from this country have found their way into the Government New South Wales (Oh oh) On the following evening Mr. Healy asked the Chief Seorotot r it he could state w honorary íiiDQOj had been spent in the Government emigration scheme to Bond is similar to New South Wales, and whether it was intended to grant any further money for that purpose Mr. liovelvivn said that some grants had been made, but up to the present only one person so assisted appeared to have sailed to that colony Persons who had been recommended for the grant, and who obtained iron or assisted passages from the Agent General of New South Wales, or any other colony, within it reasonable time, would, according to the present intention of the Ltntgiution Committee and Local Government Board, obtain the grant Mr. Healy nott asked v whether the Government would warn intending emigrants of the character of the Government of New South Wales, and that they were likely to be insulted if they went there, on account of their nationality. No answer was given to the question 