. THE CORONATION OF THE CZAR. THE CEREMONY UNINTERRUPTED BY A TRAGEDY. THE CZAR 'VIEWS THE ILLUMINATIONS UNESCORTED. Reuter's Telegram. Moscow, May 27. The coronation of Aloxander 144., Czar of all tlio Russias, and of tho Czarina, took place to day at tlio Church of tho Assumption within the Kremlin, in accordance with tho programme prfcviously announced, and tho proceedings passed off with tho greatest eclat and success, in tho presence of one of tho most brilliant assemblages ever brought together, including representatives of tho various reigning families of Europo. His Royal Highness tho Duke of E li was tho envoy extraordinary of Great Britain, Mr .Waddington representing tho Frencli Government ; tho whole of tho foreign ambassadors, their suites, many distinguished military and naval officers, and porsonagos from all countries. Tho ceremony of tho coronation was performed in accordance with ancient cus tom by the Metropolitan of Moscow, other dig nitaries of tho church taking a prominent part in the act of coronation. Throughout the day tho city was en fclc. Tho houses wero pro fusely decorated with Hags, and nuiuorous fes tivities wero hold in honour of the occasion- In the evening Moscow was brilliantly illumin ated by tho electric light, which was success fully employed on tlio walla of tlio Kremlin nnd other points. Tho Czar drove in his carriago through tlio city, without escort, in order to view tho illuminations, which attracted enor mous numbers of spectators. He was every where received with tho greatest enthusiasm, and nothing occurred during the day or night to in any way mar tlio complete success of tlio proceedings. Immediately after tho termina tion of tlio coronation ceremony, iris Majosty issued an Imperial rescript, declaring that with tho act of tho coronation tho power and glory of the Russian Empire wus rendered completo. Tho rescript adds that tho Czar desires to live at peaco with tlio foreign Powers, and that iio repudiates any intention or desire of aggrandisemont by means of foreign co'nquest. Tbe great ceremony has always been porformcd in the Church of the Holy Assumption, within tbe Kremlin at Moecow. The great Kremlin is an octagon plot of ground of many acres on a high elevation, Burrounaed by high walls and fortifica tions, and contains four Crown palaces, three cathedrals, the headquarters of tbe Imperial GuardB, the Governor's residence, a university, and a number of monasteries and nannerics.' The appearance of tho Kremlin is very striking, as the walls are white, the fortifications emerald green, tbe entrances rose-tinted, and tho roofs of the cathedrals gilded, tho whole forming a wonderful combination. The coronation procession begins to form at the cavalry barracks, four miles distant from the Kremlin. Early in the day appointed for the ceremony sixty heraldB, mounted on cream-coloured horses and commanded by a master of ceremonies, appear before the gates of the barracks and blow a salvo, upon which the colonel of the regi ment appears and asks what they want of bim. "Tho Czar commands thee follow me," is tbe answer, and the gates are thrown open, and the regiment, which has been expecting tho summons, gallops out and follows the bcialds. The heralds then proceed to tho bar racks of the Lancers, where the 6amo thing takes place, then to the university, then to tho Cathedral ol St. Nicholas, where the clergy join tho procession, then to the law courts where tho judges fall in, then to the headquarters of the marshals of the nobility, the staff officers, the several professions, the governors, the prefects, the deputations from every part of the ompire, the trade guilds, Ac., each body joining at a separate place, and all being summoned by the heralds, as in the first case. The procession goes on swelling until it reaches enormous proportions, so much bo, that when the head of it arrives at the Kremlin, the tail is still at the other end of the town. Arriving at St. Demetrius gats, they find it closed. The heralds then blow their trumpets, and the commander of the citadel appears, and demands what they want, to which the crowd replies, " The Czar." "And what for?" asks the com mander. " To crown him the most power ful of the powerful," is the reply, nnd the gates fly open. The Metropolitans of Moscow, Kazan, Novgorod, and Kieff here head the procession, and, wilii the deputations from every part of the em pire, they advance to the palace, and form in front of it. These deputations consist of Russians, Rou manians, Kirghiz, Chinese, Miogrelians, Bashkirs, Pules, Georgians, Circassians, Calmuks, Arme nians, Turkoman.", Tartars, Esquimaux, Afghans, Bulgarians, Laplanders, Mongolians, Finns, Per sians, and Bokharians, all in their respective national costumes. Tho Metropolitans then advance, and call npon tbo Czar to come for ward, upon which he appears at tbe portico, dressed in the uniform of a colonel in the Imperial Guards, with tho Empress, dressed as a Russian peasant, on his arm.. Tbe instant tho deputations are nware of the Imperial presence they kneel, and being asked by the Czar what they want of him, the Metropolitan of Mosrow replies that they have been sent from far and "wide tu sec their Czar anointed, so that they can return to iheir homes and assure those who sent them that the Czar is verily the Lord's anointed, and that they may oboy none but him. Thence all pro ceed to the Cathedral of the Holy Assumption, the Czar and Czarina walking.between tbe bishopB uud the deputations. Arriving at the church, tho Czar and bis wife are shown to ordinary thrones near those of the bishops, andthespecialservicoimmediately begins. After the filet lesson is read the metropolitans conduct the Emperor nnd Empress to a canopy of scarlet velvet, embroidered in gold, the principal figure being the double-headed Uussian eagle. Under this canopy is an elevated platform, upon which are tbe historical throne of the Czar Vladimir Monomague and an ordinary arm-chair for the Empress, also a table upon which are tho sceptre and crown of Conslantines Monomachus.aaword, and amantlo of ermine. The nobles now advance from the south of the cathedral, and surrounding tne platform draw their swords and place them at the feet of the Czar. The Bishop of Kazan then asks the Em peror in a loud jvoice if ho iB a true believer, to which he replies by reading the Lord's Prayer and the Apostles' Creed of the Greek Church. Tbe Bishop next says : — " li there be any of you here present knowing any impediment for which Alexander, Bon of Alexander (or other name), should not be crowned by the grace of God, Emperor and Autocrat of All the Russias, of Moscow, of Kieff, of Vladimir, of Novgorod ; C'zar of Kazan, of Astrakhan, of Poland, ef Siberia, of Kberson-Taurida, of Grousi ; Gosoudao of I'skoffj Grand Duke of Smolensk, of Lithuania, of Volhynia, of Podolia, nnd of Finland ; Prince or Eethonin, of Livonia, of Courland, of Semigalia, of tho Samoyedes, of Bielostok, of Cc-relia, of Foer, of Ingor, of Perm, of Viatka, of Bulgaria, and of other countries; Master and Grand Duke of the Lower Conntries in Novgorod, of Tcbcrnigoff, of lttazan, of Polotsk, of ltostoff, of Jaroslaff, of Riclosersk, of Ouaork, of Obdorsk, of Kondisk, of Vitel-k, of Metilnff, and of all the countries of the North ; Master Absolute of Iversk, of Kastnlnisk, of Kebardiusk, and of the territory of Armenia ; Bovcreign ot Mountain Princes of Tchorkask ; Master of TnrkoBtau, Heir Pre sumptive of Norway, and Duke of Bias- wick-Holstcin, of Stormarne, of Dithmarsc, and of Oldenburg ; let htm come forward now, in tho name of the Holy Trinity, and show what tho impediment is, or let him remain dumb for over I " This is repeated three times, and upon lo objec tion being raised, be lays his hand upon tho hend of tho Czar, who immediately kneels. At this point tbe Metropolitan of Moscow takes the mantle of ermine from tbo iablo and throws it over tho kneeling Czsr, saying, " Cover and protect thy people as this robe covers and protects thee the. Emperor replying, "I will, I will, I will, God helping," and kissing the prelate's band. The Bishop of Novgorod now places the soeptrc in the Czar'e hand, saying, " May tbine band which holds this wither tbe day thou art unjust tbe answer being, " Be it so after which tho Bishop of Kieff placeB the crown npon the Emperor's head. At this point tbe Empress kneels besido her husband, who partly covers her with the cloak of ermine, and also holds his orown above her bead for a few seconds, without, however, placing it upon her head. The Czar and Czarina remain in prayer for se veral minutes, amid a deadly silence, and the instant they riso to their feet bishops, nobles, deputations, clergy, and ail present kneel to tbem, shoaling, " Long live the Czar ?" ' Tho cry iB taken up by tho hundreds of thousands who are outside, tho heralds sound their trum pets, guns are fired, and bells are rung. The Czar commands the people to rise, and is again surrounded by tlio nobles, who receive their swords back from the Imperial hands, the Em peror saying, " It is thy country's," to which the noble replies, "And my Czar's." Mass is again resumcd,r.nd the Emperor proceeds nlouo to the altar, passing through tho Golden Gates of tho ; Ici nusu.iiiii, which arc closed behind him, thus : lii'Ur / 1 ire Ircm view. Here, after partaking of tbe Holy Communion, tho Metropolitan of Moscow anoints his bead, tomples, eyelids, lips, nostrils, ears, breasts and hands, saying: — "Be hold the seal of the Holy Ghost ; may it keep thee over holy." Tbe Gates of tho Iconostasini are re-opened, tho Czar appears before them, and is hailed with shouts of, " Thou art verily by tho Lord anointed." Tho Empress advances to the sanctuary, and kneels to her lord, who bids her rise, and tbey walk'ont'of tbe cathedral arm in arm. At the door is a gilded chariot, drawn by 12 white horses, into which thev enter, tho princes, other members of the Imperial family, foreign monarchs, guests, Ac., entering other State chariots. The procession again forms as it did on approaching the Kremlin, and, with its new ad ditions, moves slowly through the gaily decorated town. According to an old custom, tbe Czar's carriage, instead of being, guarded by troops, is snrrounded by one hundred maidens belonging to the best Russian families, all dressed in white nnd holiday gRrlands of flowers. Court balls and re ceptions begin in tho evoning, and last for a fort night, after which the Court returns to 8t. Peters burg, 