GEBALDINE'S STEATAGEM. OHAPIEB I. ?What a dreary night!' 1 Yes ; but what a ohoorful fire ! All tbo more oheerful because of tho howling wind and tho rain beating on tho window- panes.' ' Do you think so ?' the first speaker says, wistfully, a3 sho crouches down on the hearth rug aud holds out her hands to the oheery blaze wluoh roars up the wide, open ehimnoy in tho quaint, old-fashioned farmhouse sittiog room; a cosy room, notwi'hstanding tho plain ness of its substantial furniture and the gaudy uWered chintz curtains, which had made Qer.Udino Keith shudder whon sho saw them first, but which a few hours had acoustomed her to, and which she rather likod than other wise—or ut least she said sho liked them. Tho appearance, of the two girls sitting by the firo, whoso red glow foil upon them and seemed to linger lovingly, wero singularly out of keepinu with their surroundings. Both wero beautiful, although in entirely different styles, and the graceful, artistic dresses they wore enhanced their beauty. Miss Keith, who was leaning back in ono of tho chintz covorod arm chairs, was a tall, stately, beautiful blonde, dressed in a pale- blue Watteau tea-gown, trimmed with costly lace, lior friond and companion, Maud Vane, was a small, slight girl with groat tragic, dark eyes, and vividly red lips, and a little wistful, dreamy oxpression, which gave her fair face an additional charm and made it contrast yet more vividly with Geraldine's bright, animated, smiling loveliness. Maud was the elder by two or threo years ; but Goraldino took tho lead in ovorything, although she hid never let Maud fcol that sho hold th» dependent posUion of hor companion, and treated hor with the most porfect consideration and deep affection. Both girls wore orphans ; hut while Maud was the daughter of a poor clergyman whoso death had left her penniless and friendless, Geraldino was the only child of a wealthy ironmaster, and a great heiress. She looked as it she did not need uny dowor but her own beauty, however, as she s .t loaning back in tho big, old- fashioned arm-chair, her li'tle feet crossed upon the high brass fender, and hor blue eyes smiling down on tho olonder Uttlo figure in black velvetoou crouching on a sto 1 by her »ide. There was a short silonco, broken by a .marry, ringing laugh from Miss Keith, at which Maud Vane's great tragic, darh eyes raised themselves inquiringly to hor friend's face. ' I urn laughing at your grievous face, Mia chbre' Geraldino said, gaily. ' You look startled at every sound, and are as pale as a small ghost. Why, you foolish girl, do you think they will blume you ?' 1 1 am not afraid of blame,' Maud answered, regretfully ; ' but I am afraid that we have dono wrong in coming away, Geraldino. You ought to havo seen Mr. Martin at least.' ' Why should I have seen him ?' ' Tou might havo liked him.' ' That is precisely what I did not want to do,' Garaldine answorod, merrily. ' It was perfectly impossible for him to care for me.' ' Impossible ! why ?' ' Impossible for a man to fall in love with a woman to whom he has been left by wi!3 !' said Miss Keith, scornfully. ' But as he i« a poor wan, and a hundred thousand pounds depend upon it, he will, no doubt, make a very clever imitation ol the genuine artiuie ; but it would not bo clever enough to deceive me !' ' How bitterly you speak, Geraldine,' Maud Vane's soft voice Baid, gently. ' 1 think thern was every likelihood of his falling in love with you ' - ? - ' Do you, Maudie ? _ But you are only a little simploton, and youropinionisnot worth having. Let us consider the matter again seriously,' Mi3s Keith continued, laughingly. ' I want to convert you to a belief in the- wisdom of mv flight.' .-??-. J ttho takes Maud's hand fondly, and pats it caressingly, as sho continues, with a little mock ing smile in her blue eyes : ' It is the rluty, of course, of our godfathers and godmothera to leave their godchildren legacies, and mine was a very dutiful godmamma — to a certain extent.' She left mo the sum of one hundred thousand pounds on condition that I married another godson of hers whom I have never seen. If I refuse to fulfil the condition tho money goes to him, and vice versa. Of course my aunt and guardian, Lady Knowles-, the eminent lady of fashion and leader of ton —what are you smiling at Maudie?- -is very anxious that I should fulfil this condition. I have a large fortune of my own.but that does not signify; I must marry v.r. Martin and in o-ease that fortune. And if ho, poor fellow, re jects me, lam to possess the hundred thousand pounds for my own particular use andi benefit, while he is to be ai poor as a parish mouse ! ?Well, I refuse distinctly, in a note left in the most orthodox fashion pinned to my pincushion, to fulfil thi» condition, and I fly from-my home in the company of my dear little friend Maud Vaso, who shall not, I promise, reoeive any share of the blame Lady Knowles may be in clined to cast upon her flighty neice. I do not . mean that for a pun, Maudie.' 'I hope not indeed,' Maud Vane said, lightly, laughing in spite of her anxioty.' 'That would bo unpardonable. I should fancy that if you did some echo would waft it to Lady Knowles, , and her ladyship would make a sudden' appear- ance.'1 . ? ' Through tho keyhole or down fcho ehim noy ?' laughed Geraldine. ' I can imBgine your ? faco of horror at auoh an apparition. What fun it would bo ! Can jou picture, the scene, Maudie? Lady Knowles very stately aud dignified, and Miss Keith in fits of laughter. No; beliove mo, Maudie,' she continued-, more gravely, 'it was just as woll to fly from such a di omina. Mr Martin will have one-huodrad thousand pounds wherewith to console himself, and I shall have my freedom.' Maud looked rogretf ul but said nothing, and after a few momonts Goraldine began a»ain gaily: 'Have you seen Mrs. Kemp's new 11 (feer*!' she asked, lightly. ' What a lackadaisical, uninterested! ' no !' ' Miss Keith said, laughing. ' Well, I have seen them, Miss Indifference. They are two very good-looking men, and one of them. is. a very, interesting invalid.' 'An invalid!1 echoed- Maud, a gloim of interest lighting her dark eyes. ' A young man ?* 'Yes; not thirty I should think, and very handsome. Hio brothor— at least I think they are brothois — looks so caroful and kind, that I felt quite in love with him.' 'When did you seo him ?' 'I met thein this morning when; I was out. Would you like to know their names- ? I have ascertained that thoy a'e called Lawrence. Ono is Dr. lawronco, I think, and the other is MByoungorbrb'lher.'' ? ?- ?'?'? '?'??'? '???--'? ?' ?:.??.»?? ' Is tho doctor the invalid ?' ? i ? 'No fortunately,' Geraldine ac'snered, Mer- rily. :* Would you liko to. make their acquain tance., Maudie ? I am beginning really to think that tshould liko , to do so, for I have had a week of your society, and you have been most uninteresting.' - ' I am sorry, Geraldine ; but — ': ??? The words died away on tho girl's lips which had grown suddenly very pale as the room-door opened violently, and the coinely maid-sorvdnt belonging to tho farmhouse entered, looking startled, and bewildered, and frightened. 'Oh! Miss: Keith I' ehe exolaimed, and Geraldine, self-possessed as she waB, could not help a littlo alarm becoming cvidont in hor voice as she said, elmrply : ' ' '?''?' '' ' Well, what is it ? Am I wanted ?' ' Yes. miss— ho, miss— that is if you please — and if you would not mind — ' 'If I would not mind what?' said Miss Koitlii with a little stamp of her high-heeled slipper. ? ' Well,-Jniss7'Mr7 Idwrelibe is dead or dying, and the doctor he is out 'arid'so is Mr. ' Kcmn and—' '?'.????'.?- ? ? : ? . '..;:,.? ? . ,? ? ' ' Dying !' Maud Vane exolaimed quiokly, as she sprang up. ' Can we do anything ? Is he alone?1 , ? '..,,..-.. 'Yea, quite atone, mUsj and oh 1 lam that f lightoned !' .: ..' 'Had we better go, Maudie V Mils Keith said, hesitatingly ; she was nervous at, and un accustomed to illness. ' : ? ' I do not think we eanheeitato,' Maudi« said, with a little expression of rosolulion ourving h--r pretty mouth. 'At least, I am going, Ina. Will you show mo the way, Phoabo?' The maid led the way along tho stone-paved passage to a sitting-room at the other end— a largo untidy, bachelor apartmont, with books and pipes, oigar cason nnd cigar boxes, scattered about in picturesque confusion ; whilo lying on tho floor beside tho ohintz-covored couch, as if ho had slipped off it in his weakness, lay a young man porfeotly unconscious, looking white and sliil in death. Without a momont's hesitation Maud sprang to his side, raiaod tho heavy head upon hor arm, and with quick, tondor hands felt his pulso and his heart ; while Geraldino, looking vory beautiful and compassionate, but very much frightened, Btood by hor. ' ' Ho has ? only fainlod,' said Maud, in a moment. ' Givo mo soino water, Ina, and run to our room for Borne wino, Pboobo.' '.thus it happened that, when a fow minutes later the young opened his eyes, ho saw bend ing over him two fair faces, rendered yet moro beautiful by tho tonder compassion which he could read thoro. For a moment his eyes — handsome, dark blue eyes — dwelt on Maud's faco, then wont swift and straight to Miss Keith's, and rotted there. ' You aro better ? ' Maud said, gently, as she bent over him. ' Y03. 1 am vory sorry to havo given tou bo much trouble. Ah, David,' and the heavy e- os brightened 11s the tall figure -of his brother appeared in tho doorway. ' You have come just too late to save these ladies an immensity of bother.'. .. Ho spoke lightly although his voice was weak and faint still, and before speaking to the girls 1 'r. Lawrence assisted him to rise, settling him again on the sofa with a tenderness which was ploasintto boo, looking down at him the while with some anxiety. 'I am all right, old fellow,' the younger man said, Bmiling faintly : 'as right aa I evrr Bhall bo, I daresay ! Will you thank tlwse ladies for thoir kindnosn ?' ho added, lifting his eyes to Goralriino's fnco with the same eager look of admiration with which ho had a]rendy regarded her ; and Dr. Lawrence turned to the two eirlB with some formality in his manner, and thanked them for thoir assistance in a rich, grave voice, which was pleaennt to hoar. ' It was nothing indeed,' Geraldine said, smiling. ' Maud was very glad to be of any us-. I am none,' sho added, with her bright, sweet laugh. ' I am quite unused to illness.' ' Ono can seo that,' the younger man snid, omilingnthor. 'I hope you will never know what a woary bnsinesB being ill is.' 'Or r.ither getting well,' Maud said, gently. ' You aro getting well now, you know.' ' Yes, so David says,' he answered. ' Oh, please do not go ! ' he added, with eager, earnest entroaty, and something of the mannorof a- spoilt child. 'It. would be so goo*1, of you to Btay for a little and brighten this duil room. I know what you a--e going to say, David — that I am taking an unpardonable liberty ; but invalids are privileged, and I am so tired of our soli tude!' ' I am afraid those ladies will think you un pardonably rude,' Dr. Lawrence said, gravely. ' No, thoy will forgive me, I know. Let us introduce ourselves!' ho continuod gaily. 'Mies Koith, I must plead guilty to having discovered your mmc and Miss Vane's through tho medium of Mr. Kemp My name is Guy Lawrence, and David is my dear friend and brother— the kindest brother man over bad !' he added ear nestly, with a half-laughing, half -deprecating, but. wholly affectionate glance at the other man's crave face. Unconventional a? the whole business wob, tbero was no resisting the coaxing, but graceful and high bred manner of the young man ; and Geraldine, who was charmed at the out-of-tho way-proceeding, which contrasted so f -ivourably with her imiul ceremonious, fashionable ex istence, so full of fornw and restrictions, disrc garded' her friend's entreating glances —and taking tho armchair Dr. Lawrenco placed for her, sat down and prepared to muko herself' agreeable in her own bright charming manner, a mannor which appeared irresistible to Guy Lawrence, for he raroly removed his oyeB from tho beautiful face, anrl only ones or twice glanced' at his brother and M*ud Vane, who were sitting at the opposite side of the wide, old-fashioned hearth, Maud looking shy, and pale, und embarrassed, while Dr. Tawrenco .seemed absent and prooccupiod; his grave, dark nyes ntraying somelimna to Geraldine's boautiful, animated face, then coming haoV, and alwaj s with a growing tendorness, to rest ; on Maud Vane'B. ? Presently Phoebe brought in Borne tea, and ,Dr- Lawronco smiled slightly uncier his heavy dark moustache to see with whnt pretty dignity Gera'dino officiated at the teatray ;' but his face darkened again when ho saw how earnestly hie brother's eyes rested upon her, and how he I kept the- little jewelled hand in his when sho : surrendered it to him for » moment as the girls . said ' good-night,' and Fr. Lawrence escorted them; gaily enough now, across the passaee to tho door of thoir sitting-room, going back to . hiB own' with a very vivid remembrance of a pairo' dark, pathetic eyes and rod lips, and the touch of a tiny hand still lingering in his own. 'Well, old fellow, what do you think of thorn f *' said Guy, eagerly, as soon us the grave, handsome face reappeared j but Phil shook his head1 gravely and made no answer. 'Nonsonso, don't pretend you are angry,' said the other, lightly. ' What did we come down hero for I should liko to know ? Phil, will you- give me a chance ?' 'How rio you mean?' the elder man said, gravely. 'A. chance? With whom?' ??With Goraldino -'eiih Was there ever such a lovely faco on earth before, I wonder.' 1 Do- yon think I am going to try iny luck ? ' Dr. Lawrence asked, almost bitterly. ' I have no intention of doing so. I'o you think I would be base enough to try to win her under ? ' ' Under your own name,' said the other, lightly. 'There is nothing base in the whole , bminess Well, it Bhall be a fair field atd no favour, and if she has the good Benso to prefer you to a poor broken-down creature like myelf, t will give her up to you without a word. Don'tilook so grave,' he added, coaxingly, slip ping his hand through the d 00 tor's arm with a smile.! ' It will be all the samo a hundred years hence.' 1 But it is no joBting matter, old fellow,' the doctor answered gently. 'If you knew how guilty. I felt this evening ; but we will not di« cum it now ; it i» late, and you look tired. Guy; do you know I am sorry we came hero ! ' 1 Sorry — why ? Have you fallen in love with her already? If so, I ? ' 'Don't talk nonsense,' said Dr. Lawrence, almost angrily ; then rocovoring himself immodi atnly, ho. added, with a good-humoured apology, ' Forgive ino,old fellow ; I am not a patient man you know, and this subject alwayB urri taios mo. Sho seems as sweet and good as Bhe is beautiful, and if she learns to appreciate- you ob you desorvo, and you love her as you ean live— jwell — r-\ . ? . 1 'Well?' sad Guy, eagerly. ' Well, you will be a happy couple, that » oil j and now, lad, it is time to go to bed.' ] w CHAPTER II. ' Will you riovor forgive mo, Maudie P ? 'I have nothing to forgive The deception does not affect me ' ' 'Does it not P' 'No; how should itP* Maud Vane said, passionately. ; ' t was only cruel to Goraldine.' Tho words camo swiftly and passionately from tho girl's pnlo Hpb, and Dr. Lawrence flushed slightly, and bit his lip under his heavy moustache, a»he hoard the bitter tone in which they were uttered. ' I don't 4uito soo tho cruelty to Geraldine,' ho said, '-oolly. ' tho cruolt.y was on hor side. She might have given mo a chance, you know. It wa- rather unfair to luke wing without letting mo bco hor.' .'Yes, I know it wa», but.' — the girl panted in hor agitation— 'but she did not know, and she hatedtho idon of boing ? ' . . , '. Married by force I I wondor what; you took me for ? ' be Enid, vith a sternness whioh madi Maud Vane' tromblo ' As if I would have married a girl who did net want to marry mol'j . 'But she was afraid of liking you,' Maud said unsteadily. ' -ho was afraid that if she accepted you, you might think she only did it for the money, when naUy she ? ' ' Cared for mo,' said tbe young man, calmly, finishing honeotltcnpe.. Well, I am not a -ery unlorablo porson, am I ? What do you think now Pi T)o you think she likes me as much as I liko' hor?' ' V'es,' Maud said, whito to her lips, as she answered, but bravely lifting hor eyes to his. ? Then you eco how admirably tho docoption las answered. If 1 1 ad been introduced to lea as Philip Martin, sho would hare hated me and forfeited hor hundred thousand pounds. Ab it is, wo get on capitally, don't we P ' ' But whon tho knows ? ' 'She will bo angry, I daresay, but she wity got over it. Tho only thing that makes me at all uncomfortable,' ho added, calmly, ? is this. You bo totally disapprove of me that you will novor come to soo Ina, I suppose, when sho ia mar ried ? ' ' 1 — I — I shall bo going abroad,' Maud said, faltering. ' Ina will write, and — and — and '. she put out both littlo hands to him in hor eart estnoss — ' I hope you will bo very happy.' ' Thank you,1 ho answered, looking down at her with a very kiud glanco. 'That wish comes from your hoart for Ina, I havo no doubt — but for me p' He bent towards her as he spoke, but Maud's eolf-contr.il had como to an end, and bIio could not answer, the wrenched her hands from his with a gesture of pain, and ran out of tho room up to her own, locking the door after her and throwing herself upon tho bed in a passion of tearless sobs which shook her from head to foot. Poor little Maudio ! All the doep, earnest love of her heart sho had given to this man whom ehe has known as Dr. ijuwrenco, aud sho had been suddenly and rudoly awakened from a dream of happiness. She had by chanco that morning seon Dr. Lawrence reading a letter which had jiiBt como and which was ad dressed to Philip Murjin, and her quick imagination had supplied the rest. Jir. Lawrence waB no doubt Fhilip Martin who had followod Geraldino to Mrs. Kemp's, and had won her love under a false namo ; and Geral dine would Buffer bitterly when sho found that the fate shi had striven to avoid was to be hers after all. How Lady Knowlos would triumph; but perhaps Goraldine would not mind so much it she woro happy in hiB love. Nothing would hurt her much. Nothing would hurt her, Maud said to herself, weeping drearily in the solitude of her little room; she would only mind just a little at first, then she would bo so happy that she would hoed nothing but her own happiness and his. And Maud rejoiced in that happiness ; oh, yes, she was glad, vory glad, that all had turned out woll, and that Geraldine would u.arry one worthy of her ; but how could Bhe bear to seo that happineBB? how could Bhe bear ? Here a knock at the door startled her, followed im mediately by Geraldine's voice asking admission. Por a minute Maud hesitated, then hastily dashing awuy her toars, she unlocked the door and hurriedly said ' Come in,' busying herself at the toilot. table and keeping her faco care fully averted from Goraldine, who camo in radiant. ' So you have made the grand discovery,' she said monily, 'and you are frightfully atiocked. But, my dear, I havo known for some days that wo had been caught in our own trap Have you boen crying, you foolish child ? Did you think that I should be dreadfully Borry ?' 'I wa4 afraid you wouldibe vexed, Ina,' Maud answered, gently. ' But you are not, are you ? Not vexed ? Or hurt at all rV Geraldine smiled at tho sweet, wistful eyes, and beril down and kissed the trembling lips. 'Not vexed or hurt,' she said, brightly, ' but quite happy. Don't you think the woman who is to bo Phdip Martin's wife ought to be happy ?' ' Yes,' Maud answered, in. her gentle, modest voice ;. ' vory happy, Ina.! ' Well, I am very happy Maudie. eo-you must not ory on iny accoun',. dearest, and I hopo you have no, reason to cry on your own,' she added, softly, parting tho dark hair upon the girl's forehead, and looking earnestly into her face. ' Oh- no ! oh no ! Goraldine, you know that i am gbidi you are happy,' Maud answered tremulously. ' You will always believe that, dear ?.' ' And'you like Philip ?.' Like 1'hilp ! poor Maud ! ' Hois-very good and truo I am sure,' she found courage- to say. 'And— and— his wife will be very happy, Ina.' ' I think Bhe will, dear,' Ina answered, laugh ingly. ' Uy-the-by, I hava written to.her lady ship Won't sho bo delighted, Maudio ? t-ho will be hero as fast us tho express can bring her.' ' Lady Knowles? Yes, she will bo glad. Are you going out, Ina.' ?'*.'.-.?:?. .' 'Yes, I- on- going into the village with— with —Philip and Mr. Lawrence^ By-the-woy; too,' she added, turning to the dbrir,r'the:'deceplion was not so great as we imagined ;: Guv — Mr. Lawrence, I mean — always calls Vhilip 'David, and Philip often calls him Johathan, and thoir relationship existed only in our imagination ' 'Mr. Lawrence said that Mr. Martin was the bost brother man ever had,' Maud said, with a quiver of her lip, ond-Misa Keith laughed. ' Ho spoke in a figurative sense, you know,' she answered. 'Well, au reeoih; mignounel Get rid of those red eyes before I come back for Philip and— and Mr. Lawronco- are going to lunch with- us.' From her window Maud watched them go down tho garden, Goraldine, ao graceful and Btately, waking between the two young men. Mr._ Lawrence had made considerable progress during tho three woekt which had elapsed sinco his xrrivol at Kemp Farm, and was now almost ontir.ly off tha sick list, although he still mado use of his invalid privileges, and contrived to monopolise no small portion of Goraldii o's attention, and Maud's as woll. The trio were talking and laughing merrily as thoy sauntered down the garden, path' in tho cold March suuBhine ; and uo Maud stood at tho window Bhe heard the gay Vriici-s and laughter, and Philip Martin's rich, deep tones. Yes, tieraldino was right, tho, woman who was to be Philip Martin's wifo was. a happy ono, and once more Maud broke into, a passion of tears which left her quite exhausted, and made jlna beliove in tho headacho whioh; Maud gave as an excuse for not making her appearance during the reBt of tho day. ' The next morning she came down stairs late, looking pale and heavy-eyed, af ber her long, restless, Bleeploss night, and feeling moro for lorn and miserablo than she had over done dur ing her twenty-three years of life. Breakfast was ovor, and Phrebe, when she had taki-n Miss Vnno'i tea up to her room, had told her thut Miss Koith had gone out directly after breakfast with tho two gentlemen ; nnd Maud came downstairs an hour- after, thinking that tho sitting-room would bo empty. But whan Bho oponed tho door and went quietly in, closing it again af'or hor, a tall, broad shoul dered flguro rose from tho old armohuir by( the fire, and came forward to meet her wiih out streiohed hands, uttering a shocked exclamation of surpriso at sight; of her pale face' arid the' dark circles under hor eyes.' ', ..'[ .'..'?,' .. . :, \My child, what is tho- matter? You .'are' ill P' said Philip Martin,, 'anxiously. ' ' ? Maud;' you are suffering greatlj., I fiur.' ,. ;;';';. 'I am hot ill,' she answered, 'speikihg*ealmly only by a- vory stron* effort of will ;''''but fc'did not sleep welL Ib .Geraldine out ?' '.','' ' ^ 'Yes; they gayn mo tho Blip .'this'. morning— she and Guy. I suppoce thi-y' went'1 into tho; village. Nit down. Maudie, you are not fit to stand, and toll me what I can do for you?' ?'' ' The extreme gentleness arid tenderness of hie manner ahpont upBet Maud's solf-control, 'and sho tried vainly to remove her hands from his clasp. 'No, I am not going to set you free,' he said,' smiling. 'Sit down hero, I want to speak to. you. My darling, how ill you look'!', '.,',' He hud drawn herdo.vn besido him on the Bofa as U'- fpoko j but as flip worda foil upon her ea,-s Maud Vaniv's pile fiioo (lushpd to hor brow,'ai.d ouco more she tried to. draw. her hands from his. ' * ' Uo* daro you !' eho said wildly — 'how dare you insult me in this manner ?' : ?',/'?'. '?..'.' ' Ineu't you, pretty ono !' ho replied, smiling. ' Nothing was farther from my thoughts. Nay, but you shall lislen to me, Mwitlie. Surely you know that it in you whom I love, and ? ' With a low ory of pain she sprang to her fort, wrenching her hands fiom his wilh onn desperate, effort; thon, boforo ho could detain her, Bhe escapod from tho room, running up stairs to her own with fleet, frightened steps. How dared hop— how dured ho? Every norve of tho young girl's somitivo framo was quivering, every pulee throbbing; she felt in sulted, outraged, shamed How dared lw ! — he, Geraidino's lover— Geraldine's betrothed huB band how dared ho insult hor thut! It was oruol— it was baso! and Maud hurried to and fro over tho long-suffering carpet of hor littlo room, angry and miserablo, for ovor an hour. Chon, wben sho hoard tbo boll door oiowd,and ?'?-'?? ... .... juoj, ^uoou-strecii '' ? caught a glimpse of Mr. Martin's tall flgur© ? ,v disappearing down tho gardon path, her anger subsided, and a misorablo sense of dreariness succoedod it, during which she sat pale, and , quiet, and forlorn. , \ For olmoit two hours this mood lasted; then , \ ) sho roB9 suddonly, paotod ufew necessaries into \' hor travelling bag, and slipped out of t]\e house, with but ono thought present in her mind— to get away from the farm boforo Ina camo tack, ' and before Mr. Vlnnin could rrrevont her. Jfc was qnito two miles to tho station, und the girl 'i was weak and tired from want of reBt und food ; but sho heoded nothing in hor intense anxiety to got away. Sho hud no fixed plans in hor 'l mind — she only wanted to got away — to get to London — they would not findhorthere. She had not a notion at what lime tho up irain left Woyford, but she wu-a fortunate in just oatoh ing ono, and had hardly timo to tike hsrticket and hurry into a socond-clas* carriage ' Change at Tpton, inise,' tho guard said, good-naturedly, pitying tlio forlorn little- ; ; traveller; and Maud loanod baok in tho car riage, only half coneoious oS whom sho was and where Bho was going. Sho roiinod up at. Upton- i into a kind of din* conBoioumiosfi Mint, «ho must) change, and got out of tho I i-niw, slnnrlii g holp Icssly on tho platform- until tho tmiii loft thu station again, and thon, moving in the Bame stupid, dazedfashion lowardB tho littlo wailing room of tho small, insignificant, station. She knew that sho had half tin hour (0 wait, here, and sho wanted to escupo tho curious glances with which sho fanoied the porters regarded her ; but if she hoped for privacy in th.i little waiting- room sho was doomed to be disap pointed. As she approached the door she Jioard voicos and a bright, sweet laugh, whioh startled her a little: ' How like Inu's,' she s-iid- to h«r«clf, then smiled sadly to think that In* was faraway, happy in hor lover, and believing, him true and ' steadfast. ' My darling wife,'- said a man's voieo tenderly, ' '? as Maud ontered, carefully averting: her eyes from tho Bofa whore two people wero seated in clase proximity ; but the next moment hor own name, uttered in Ina's- Bweet tones, mido her start and look towards tbem. Was she dreaming?- Had- the fufei leave of her senses? Could it be Gcruhiino who was coming towards her with au Apuil face of: smiles and tears and oulstretohed bands ? Could it bo Guy Lawrence wlio stood looking so proud, and happy, und blessed beside her? And thon, as she luokcd, tho familiar faces and tho unfamiliar wuiting-room alike fuded away, and all was darkhOEB. * * * # #' ' *- ' Are you not nshamed to have frightened us ao terribly !' said Ina's voice au hourlater, as ? she rested her pretty head against tho pillows of Maud's couch in the sitting-room of the Royal Hotel, Upton, whither they hod taken. Maud as soon as shu could be moved! ' You would have been startled yourself if you had seen your own faco. And we have not had sv proper explanation yet. Whoro were you' going ' my pretty maid ?' ' I was going to London,' Maud faltered,.' too weak and bewilderod yet to think of anything save that she had seen Inn with Guy Lawrence, and that he had called hc-r his darling-wife. ' Why and wherefore ?' ., ? 'Because ? Oh! Ina, what does it all mean? Do you want to break Philip's heirt?* Geraldine's sweet, olear laugh rang through, the room. ' Break Philip's heart ? Not I, my ohild. Don't you know that Philip caveB moro for your little finger than ho does for nw ?? No, you are not to faint again ; if you do, . L will elopo with Philip when he comes, just to spite you. Why, you silly child, have you not been able to see which wuy the wind blows? Philip loves you, you little goose, with sll his-hewfc; and you know that his wife ought to-be a happy woman.' ' But, Ina, I — I— don't understand.' ' ' Well, if you will promise not to fault I will tell you that I have forced Philip to take- that money, Maudie, aud ? ' Forced him ! Kow ?' 'By marrying someone else!' said I mi, .laugh ing. ' He wai so absurdly conscientious that I knew'he would propose to me just to make me refuse, so I took the bull by the hornsj and I was married Ibis morning.' 'To — Mr; Lawrence?' stammered' Maudie, in the most utter bewilderment. ?')''. 1 ,',To Guy Lawrence, Lord Garforth,' answered ? ' Ina, with the prettiest blush. ' Will jou treat me respectfully for the future, Muudie, no w that lam a countess? Oh dear, what' will- her ladyship e'ay to such a quiet woclding';'. but ib L was the only way we could think of to force Phil to take that legacy. What will' Lady Knowles say, Maudie p ' Oh, Ina, T am so happy !' Baid Maud-, ex oitedly. 'And you love him very much; dear?1 she added, shily. ? ' Love whom ? my husband ? Yes,- with all my heart. You are welcome to-yourr ugly medico, Maudie, although, my dear, he is a vory good fellow, and Guy owes him. a. vast debt of gratitude for his care and so do I.' But myBhare of the debt will be cancelled, became I am going to give him the dearest littlo wifo iu England.' '.,'.*' '''# # *? #? Philip Martin waB ulmoet too happy to be annoyed with Geraldine for the stratagem by whioh Bhe had forcfd him to accept the hun dred, thousand - pounds, half of whioh went to add a wing .to the county hospital, which was called 'Lady Garforlhp wiug,' und supposed to be her gif t ; and it is a matter of amicable dis pute between the couples, whose friendship is as close and deep as over, which ietho happiest , couple, the Earl and Countess of Garfurth or Dr. und Mrs. Philip Martin.—' Young Ladies Journal.' ???-..,..--.? The IfBDBHAir' Contentiok. — Some corre spondence between Mr. Service and the Premier of the Now B6uth Walts Government in refer ence to the Federation Convention, to be held in Sydnoy was (says tho Age) laid on the table of tho House on Friday evening,. October 26. The particular subject discussed- in the corre spondence ia tho mothod of selecting delegates. Mr. Stuart, tho Colonial- Ueoretary of Aew South Wales, Booms to lean to the view that tho delegates should be exclusively seJeoted from the Minitterial ranks. If it be deoided that a federal constitution iB to be prepared at the convention, then Mr. Stuart thinks it would be desirable to have men- of both ; tides eng»g«i in raising a comm -n ; platform.,. Mr. torvice, in reply, ussum is that there is a substantial unanimity in theNew ?'ouVh. '?-.?' '? Walea Parliament ob to the desirability of -federation, nnd the suggestion- that th* dele giteB should bo choson, from both sides is only . ? togiyo tho outward and visible signs of, that 1 ?unanimity, because he points out that' if thore '? is not- a consensus of opinion in ; favour, . of r federation tbo convention is . : assuredly premature.' Mr. . Sorvioe goes on .?'.'/?? .to argue that as the colonies, had acquiosced iu Sip T. M'llwraith's proposal for a conven tion that, alone was an indication of a feeling in favour of federation. Ho does not suppose ? - it' can bo carried out in all ita fulness at present, but a limitod federation would givo practical effoot to the wishoa of tho colo nies on thoBO points on whioh thoy are agreed, and the basiB would widen and, grow ua the ad* , vantages becamo' manifest. , The next lettir is- from Mr. ,J. 0. Bray. Chief iroeMary of South, Australia, to lir. Service, inquiring how m»ny '??'?'? delegates will attend tho conference from Vic toria, and whother any niehibera of the Oppo sition .will bo included. -In roply Mr Service Btates that threo delegates will be Bent from .Victoria; but in consequence of tho coalition Government there ib now no organisod Oppo sition from whjfJh a selection could be made, ''?' otherwise dologates would have attended ohosen from both sides of poli ioa. He i had brought hor tho very things sho --?-'? wanted from tho supper-tablo to hor safr re- '.?''' trsat on the stairs, and Bho was moved to pay mlf laughingly : ' You are a mun after mv Own hoart, Mr. P..'-' Just what I am after!' ho ? answered, quick as a flash, covering her with confusion. ? ' Which ought to be tho oleanest of all trooB ?' asked Jones, as ho was sauntering a'onff ? tho Margate Pior with tho ohoioe of hii own' hoatt.— 'I don't know, dear,' ropliod Bright oyos. ' Why, tho beeoh (boaoh), to bo sure. '; -' dear, bocauso it it washed by an ooeim of water ' ' twicoa.dsy.' . 