MY CHRISTMAS VACATION IN GIPPS LAND AND AT THE LAKES. By Jean. Rosherville or Metung. "Visitors will have no difficulty in find- ing plenty of healthful enjoyment in this locality. The scenery all round is beautiful, and there are many nooks and corners worth exploring. A very pleasant walk is along the path close to Bancroft's Bay, and on to Gardener's Gully. It may certainly be called the ' Lovers' Walk,' and while in the spring time the native daisies and violets abound in all their lovely modesty, ferns of exquisite beauty are found all the year round, and groves of gigantic pito- sporums and other evergreen trees add a charm to the scene." Deep down in a forest glade in this lovely spot, birds of many sorts are singing their wild songs, and we hear for the first time the clear, sweet tinkle of the bell-bird. Its presence always indicates that fresh water is near. It is a shy little bird, and keeps well out of sight, and is appropriately named, for its notes are just like the clink, clink, of a silvery-toned bell. " Butcher's Creek, across the Bay, and Perch Creek, on the opposite shore to the east, are also places of interest; while inward and along the shores of Lake King towards the Tambo, some pleasant spots are to be found. Opposite to Rosherville is a Sanitorium nnd Sports- man's Home, situated on Point Normanby. Every accommodation is here provided for families. Mr. Stow, the proprietor, has for many years maintained a light at the point, and passengers ariving by steamer at night can reach their destination without diffi- culty. The proprietor has superior boats at his command. There is abundance of sport in the locality, by land and water. TW have now reached the most beautiful part of our journey round the Lakes, and the scenery altogether is far superior to any that has gone before, in fact, we find one great advantage of a trip to Gippsland is that the farther we go the better the scenery appears, and the more it is enjoyed. There are numerous little islands on the right of our track, and on the left the land is bold and striking, with here and there a picturesque change in the scene, in the shape of beautiful gullies filled with ferns and evergreen pitosporums, and other trees with handsome foliage. This place is really the gem of Lakeland, and for a quiet resort or to spend a honeymoon, or for invalids seeking health, it must appear as Paradise itself. There is one good hotel with accom modation for a large number of visitors, and during our visit we found great attention and comfort. An excellent boat is provided for the visitors, free of charge, and as Rosherville is the nearest point from which to reach the Back Lakes, many find it a most convenient place to spend their holi- days. From the high ground at the back of the hotel some very fine views are ob- tained, both northward, southward and westward, while the surrounding water affords ample opportunity for anglers to in dulge in their favourite pastime. Baths are provided, and as we are here only eight miles Irom the ocean we have the advan tages of the sea breezes. We stay only three days at Rosherville—this charming summer resort. We could be very happy here, living in a bark hnt, away from the " madding crowd," and all the anxieties of civilized life. At 5 p.m. on Thursday tho Tanjil calls hero in route for the Entrance. Wo go aboard, bid adieu to our fellow tourists left there—with whom we have been very happy during our brief stay, and in a few minutes we are gliding over the dancing waves in our smart little steamer, which is crowded with excursionists. The scenery on either hand is enchanting enough to send poets into ecstasies. The weather is all that the heart could wiBh for, and has been sunny and bright aver since wo left Sale ; and if wo are not thankful, and wry happy, ought to be, haviog had such delightful weather nil the time. The bell for ton, soon rings, we partake of that meal which is served on board this boat in very good style, without stint—plenty of good food for every one. We all eeem to have such healthy appetites; the caterers would not have much profit off our lot. Plenty of ozone is the real " pick-me-up very few "nips" required here. "After steaming about four miles we reach a bold headland called Jimmy's Point. It is an eminence of considerable interest to'excursionists, and from its sum mit one of the finest views of the Lakes is to be obtained. It ia opposite this point that the proposed new entrance from the sea presents itself. Tlio remains of some £20,000 spent in endeavouring to make the connection between the ocean is to be seen in a number of piles aud a jetty. Some think that if once connectcd, the current down the Lakes would scour a channel and keep it. clear, while others contend that as it is a battle of ocean versus lakes, the former will conquer, and that prevailing easterly winds and mountains of sand at its com mand, it will be impossible to keep the channel clear. Another effort is shortly to be made, and for the sake of the trade and commerce of this eastern provinco it is to hoped it will not ho in vain. A strong cur rent down Eeeves Hiver added to steam power soon brings to tho Lakes Entrance." As ive sail along, numerous flat-looking islands, densely covered with scrub, appear on our right. They seem to be ridges of sand, which have been gradually thrown up by some subterranean forcc; in fact, all these lakes seemed to have been formed in this manner. The entrance is now pointed out to us, but it appears as if just there the land united, and there was no passage at that spot. A little further on, however, an opening is seen, and wc get a view of the ocean with' dark blue waves with snowy crests tumbling shorewards. As we near the entrance, a bar of sand seems to stretch right across, blocking our way to the beau tiful sea waves rolling beyond this sandbar. But we do not go quite so far. There is a a little pinr on our left, and our boat makes a turn to reach it; this is as near the en trance as wo dare go. We soon land. Vehicles are there, waiting to take us to the two hotels, Wo decide on Laughton's, and jump into their trap, and are soon rattling along the bush track running near and parallel with the beach. We ure doubtful about getting beds when we arrive there, and uncomfortablo visions of camping all night in the Hcrub haunt us like Banquo's ghost. At Laughton's we are fortunate enough to obtain a good bedroom and beds, but before " turning in " we visit the beach, cather a few shells, and it being nearly dark wo return to the hotel, and to bed. We are up at daylight, and see men passing our window, going beachwards, with towels over their shoulders to have their morning dip in the " salt sea wave." At 5.30 a.m. the landlord's vehicle is waiting to convey us to the steamer. We got into the cab, which is quite full, and away we go merrily along the track. The air is cool and fresh, we brush through the forest, and are aboard the steamer before 6 a.m. The whistle is blown; the "last man "is waited jfor and pulled on board. The vessel starts punctually at six, and we are off back to Sale. The entrance is left far behind, we near Kosherville, stop there a few minutes, take some passengers aboard, and resume our upward journey. At eight a.m. we get a good breakfast. A slight shower of rain falls, bnt does not laat long. Thcra is a great crowd on our boat, and also a lot of luggage. A good stiff breeze is now blowing, and passangers are glad to muffle up in warm wraps. A newly married pair from Bairnsdale way amuse us a bit. The wife is a young girl, thin, short, freckled face, hands bare, to show off two showy diamond riDgs; the husband, a big, stout, coiirse-looking, elderly man, like n, well-to-do storekeeper, looks old enough to be his wife's father; he wears a very [nrge and showy gold albert, and is continu ally smiling, and looking unutterablo things it his " missus." They are not a nice couple to look upon somehow, and we get tired of watching their spooning-. Dinner comes in due course. We are amongst the " ins " who have rushed to the table, which ia covered with good things, and are doing a nice quiet business—making a "good, square meal." The "outs" are watching us down the hatchway; they look ravenous and dangerous, and shout to tlio " ins " feasling below, " Throw us up a spud!" but we do not respond to this appeal for "fruit." It is very evident these hungry ones think, there will not be food enough left for them, but in good lime they replace us at table, and get a jolly good dinner. Tourists get chatty with each other, and relate bits of their domestic affairs. Somo male passen gers are lying fast asleep on top of luggage. The skipper, instead of going straight to Sale, for somo reason goes on to Bairnsda'e, and in coming back from there, breaks his cable in tho Mitchell, which mishap takes half an hour to repair. Excursionists grumble loudly at this delay, fearing they will not get to Sale in time to catch the 4 p.m. train to Melbourne. The cable is re paired, and we steam down the Mitchell at a great. Melbourneites are very cross and angsy with the skippper for going to Eairnsdale; they vow all sorts of things against him if they miss the train. Afc length we aro moored alongside Latrobe Bridge, and a general rush is made for cabs, etc., which are soon filled with passengers and their luggage; and in a few seconds are driving rapidly along the Sale road. We are glad to learn they will ju3t be in time to catch the train. Our destination is the Olub Hotel, Sale, which we soon reach, and are glad to rest all night in such comfor table quarters. 