U'JiDXESDAV, FEBHUAIir2S. 1SS3. WHEN not caused by "the lust of conquest" the desire to effect a union, actual or nominal, to our own advantage, with another colony or part of another colony is only natural, and the people of l'ort Augusta seem to be fully alive to the expediency of making the South Western portion of Queensland peculiarly their own.^ The attempts that are being made to connect this territory with ours by rail have the advantage of not binding us in any way to the object of our affection, it is species of convenient, in fact a morganatic marriage, of which such illustrious examples have been set us by Anointed Rulers, Ro)-al Defenders I of Faiths, and a great many more Jack and the Beanstalk attributes. Agreeably to this end an influential deputation on Saturday last waited upon the Attorney-General, the HON. J. W. DOWNER, (who is acting for the Minister of Education) in order to urge upon him the urgent necessity of constructing a telegraph line "to South Western Queensland. The deputation consisted of the HON. J. CROZIER, Messrs. A. TENNANT, member for Flinders, C. E. STOKES, PETER WAITE, of "steam scoop" fame, and D. McLean. It was desired by the deputation that the telegrapli line should be constructed from some poiut near Farina to the district named, and that at some point to be selected by tlte Government a union be effected with the Queensland lines. The necessity or constructing such a line may shortly be stated as follows:—The mail ervice is so irregular that letters do not ometimes come to band for six weeks onsequently if an order be sent for attle in consequence of the ruling scarcity, great inconvenience is th result. As a railway line will have to be constructed some day, it may be safely urged tliat it is not bad policy to construct the same when it is urgently wanted. Mr. MCLEAN, who has an extensive practical acquaintance with South West Queensland, gave a glowing account of its fertility, and was most decidedly of opinion that Port Augusta was the natural outlet for the district of which Thargomindah is the capital. Asan expression of Queensland opinion, at least in the part of the colony named, the ideas of Mr. MCLEAN are very valuable, and they evince a very healthy federal tendency, which must result in the benefits which will flow irons allowing trade to have its natural and therefore cheapest outlet. As will be seen in the report which appears in another part of this journal the whole matter was very incisively treated, and the answer of the Minister showed that he was thoroughly in consonance with the expressed wishes of the deputation. THE Victorian. elections have passed off very quietly. The candidates themselves gave forth an uncertain sound, and no one prepared himself for the battle. The various journals classify the returned men in whatsoever manner seems best to themselves, but their classification can by no means be taken as correct It is hard to say what way the members will vote when they meet in the House; in fact those who are branded in the returns as "R" (radical) may roar in the Legislative chamber as gently as a sucking dove if there beany hope of place and pay held out to them; while the most mildmannered '' C" (which stands for const! tutionalist in the new spelling- book of the daily press) may prove as turbulent as Mr. Michael Davitt, should he be forced out of the running for Ministerial Stakes. The Premier himself (Sir Bryan O'Loghlen) was defeated at West Bourke. There cannot be the slightest doubt that this defeat was owing to his necessarily hostile (even if undeclared) attitude to the present Education Act. In proof of this Sir John O'Shannassy (a coreligionist) was defeated for' his pet constituency of Belfast, which he has represented for yearsand years; only being defeated beforeon that famous occasion when Mr. Larry Bourke, by the aid of a few "frinds" with shillelaghs effectually " burked" all damaging inquiry. The late Premier had a close shave lor Geelong, and only secured third place, there being three members. Messrs. Cunningham and Connor, who secured first and second places are very very old residents, and have been identified with civic life for many years past. We notice that in certain journals the name Radical is applied to a number of candidates, meaning the old Liberal party. This would lie a decided insult were it not a Roland for an Oliver from the party who have always objected to be called by the eminently respectable but dangerous title of Conservative. Major Smith, Mr. Berry's Minister of Education has been elected for Ballarat West at the top of the poll, and the famous C. E. Jones has tied with Mr. Fincham for third place. The Returning officer will give his casting vote in favor of Mr. Fincham. For West Bourke the candidates who defeated the Premier are Mr. A. Deakin, barrister-at-Iaw, and a writer for the Age, and Mr. Simon Staughton, a well-knowu squatter. Sir Bryan was 71 votes behind the latter. Professor Pearson, Mr. Berry's fellow-embassy man, has been returned for Bourke Boroughs East, and Mr. Bent, the Commissioner of Railwaj's has been returned unopposed for Brighton. " Jack" Gardiner, the footballer has defeated his tw opponents who have the same political opinions by two and eight votes to one, so despite his presumed ignorance the electors of Carlton believe in him. Mr. J. B. Patterson, Mr. Berry's Postmaster-General has been returned with Mr. Service, a late Premier, for Castlemaine, and Mr. J. G. Duffy (son of Sir C. Gavan Duffy, the author of " Irish History" now appearing in the Advertiser) has been returned for Dalhousie. Mr. Lalor, tlie Speaker, managed to scramble in for Grant by nine votes, and Mr. Dow, of the Leader staff, has been returned unopposed. For Kyneton the Minister of Agriculture (Mr. C. Young) has been elected without opposition and Mr. George Coppin, the comedian, has gone in at the top of the poll for the fashionable district of East Melbourne, Mr. Zox, a merchant, being second. Sir Charles Macmahon, for many years Speaker, including the " Stonewall" period, has been elected with Mr. Orkney (one of the Harbor Trust, resembling our Marine Board) for West Melbourne. It was at this constituency that Sir Bryan O'Loghlen was first elected and where he beat Mr. J. G. Francis. Mr. W. Gaunson, a young man who has tried countless times to get into Parliament, and who secured his customary place at th bottom of the poll for the district last mentioned. Mr. ISosisto, whose maliee utilising works we have lately described, has been placed at the top of the poll for Richmond, and Dr. L. L. Smith, the well-known medico, and a minister without portfolio for the O'Loghlen Cabinet, has been defeated. ForSandhurst the Minister of Mines (Mr. Burrows) has been elected, and the Posmaster-General has been returned for Moira. Mr. J. -I. Casey, the Exhibition Commissioner, and who was once called the " Vade Mecum" of the Prince of Wales, has been defeated at the seaport town of Sandridge, and Mr. Longmore, an ex-minister of Mr. Berry, has to take a back seat. Mr. Grant, the Chief Secretary and Minister of Education, has been returned, also the Minister of Customs and Minister of Lands. Mr. McColl, of Canal, or as he would call it " Canawl," fame has been returned for Mr. Casey's sometime favorite constituency—Mandurang. The State school question was the most prominent one brought forward at the elections, and it was on this point, if we may be permitted to judge, that Sir Bryan O'Loghlen, Sir John O'Shanassy, and Mr. J.J. Casey came to grief. The Quorn branch of the Farmers' Association are evidently very seusiblv alive to the necessity for irrigation, without which there is not the ghost of a chance of ever raising enough produce in the north to support ourselves let alone pay the ordinary profits of farming and obtaining the luxuries of life by parting with our surplus wheat for the current coin of the realm. Too much prominence cannot be given this question ; most if not all other movements will only benefit the community indirectly through benefiting individuals, but farming is the very life b!ood not only of the colony but of the world. We trust that the Quorn people will be as deeply imbued with the necessity for getting water at any sacrifice as we are ourselves. Any suggestions from practical, unpractical, or any sort or condition of men, we cordially invite to our correspondence columns, in order to keep the matter before the public. We are requested to remind the members of the Port Augusta Rifle Company that the-first competition for the two sewing machises (presented by the Singer Manufacturing Company) will be fired on March 3, and the last on March 24, 1883. Any member wishing to take part in the match will have to fire on one of these dae*. The price for wheat has riBen wonderfully during the past few weeks, owing to the expected scarcity in the British market. Parcels of good wheat in Port Augu6ta now bring as high as 5s 0d smaller lots and inferior from 5s 2d. Flour is £13 per ton ; pollard, Is 5d, and bran Is 4d. It has been ruled by Mr. Justice Boucaut that rebutting evidence may be beard when a prisoner gives evidence under the new Act Perforated reply post-cards are to be issued on March 1, price 2d, At Farina the number of camel teams is extraordinary large. More teams were there waiting for loading one day last week than has ever been on record before. Small-pox is again to the fore in Sydney. Dr. Quinn, the Bishop of Bathurst (says a Register telegram) has been the subjec Of an iuiputeut robbery. Iu company with the Vicar-General, the Rev. J. P Byrne, he arrived from Bathurst yesterday, and went to Mr. Arnott's house. Amongst the Prelate's luggage was a box containing a gold chalice, the gift of the ecclesiastical students of Batlinrst, and in a portmanteau were robes, scarfs, silver crosses, candlesticks, and jewellery of considerable value. A few hours after his arrival Detective McLean, observing a man named John Ryan concealing an object wrapped in a robe, arrested him on suspicion, and found him in possession of the box with the golden chalice, regarding which ho could give no satisfactory account. Enquiries elicited the fact that the Bishop, without his knowledge, had been robbed. The whole of the stolen property to the value of £80 was recovered the same evening. Bryan has been committed for trial for stealing the chalice. Tiie robbery, it is expected, will delay the Bishop's departure for Rome. The Marquis of Lorae, it is reported, says that prohibition of liquor has secured peace and order for North-West Canada. Pastor Chiniquy is about to visit England to lecture on Popery. South Australia is behind band in the electric light—and a good job too ; what we want is water on the land not bonfires in the streets. The passenger returns for the week show that 557 persons came into, and 4G2 left the colon}'. The customs return for the same period for the whole colony was £7,325 15s 3s ; for the local port, £252. At the latter part of last week the barque Messina (bound for Brisbane with fiour) which had been wind-bouud since Monday morning, about 12 miles down the Gulf, managed to beat down past Point Lowly. This vessel refused a pilet who could easily have taken the vessel out to sea with the east wind blowing on Monday morning. The owners thus lost about five days, as the breeze blew steadily from the S. E., and S. E. by S. from Monday last, and the skipper was unable to navigate her through the channel. The nautical men of the place were of opinion the vessel was waiting for a north wind. Return of some of the staple produce exported during the week ending Saturday, February 10 :—Animals, living, 37 : bark. 33 tons; butter, 1,9231 bs.; eggs, 15 pkgs.; fruit, fresh, 592 do.; eats, 400 bush ; wheat, S 1,141 bush; flour, 1,573 tons; bran, 5 do.; pollard, 1 do.; hay, 108 do.; jams and preserves, 58,518lbs.; leather, 14 pkgs.; tallow, 4 tons ; wine, 534 gals.; wool, greasy, 722 bales, 271,048 lb.; washed, 848 bales, 224,012 do.; unenumerated, 385-pkgs.; value represented. £68,555. ' The following is the summary of traffic . A . I; -l Hainley, Wakefield, Wallaroo, and Snow to wn, £8171 Os lOd; Port Pirie, Tero wie. and Qnorn l £1,327 7s 4d ; Great Northern, £1,405 12s 5d; Kingston and Tatiara, £512 8s lid : Itivoli Bay and Mount Gambier, £11(5 lis 3d: Strathalbvn, Goslwa, and Victor Harbor, £228 10s 2d ; Port Broughton and Barunga Range, £15 lOslld. Total, £10,2526s5d. Total receipts for corresponding week 1882, £10,227 4s 3d. The prospects of the Victory Mine, Beltana, seems to maintain their wonted cheering aspect,the original prospectingcompany holding to it in a manner that shows they mean business. On Monday last a truckload of copper ore was on the rails in IWic-street, and if all the mineral is as rich as the six tons in question, swingeing "divs" ought to result. The specimens wo saw ought to yield over 40 per cent. A telegram in the Bcgistcr under date 23rd iust., states:—Detective Charles last night in Melbourne arrested Charles McLeod, a young man, on the charge of attempting to poison a whole family of selectors at Marnoo, near St. Arnaud, of which he is the eldest son. It appears that between February 13 and 15 somo bread was made by Mrs. McLeod prisoner's mother, from a bag of flour kept in an outhouse. Some flour porridge was also made, which proved so bitter as to be uneatable, and was thrown away. A pig and a dog ate some of it, and immediately died. On examination strychninc was found in the flour, and it is alleged that prisoner bought an ounce of that poison at Stawell. He is said to be on bad terms with his family. Ho will brought up at the Melbourne Police Court to day, and remanded to St. Arnaud 