TAKING IN THE GREEN. (to the editoe.) Sib, — Seeing a paragraph in the answers to correspondents column in Saturday's Fkeeman, signed 'E.G.,' and requesting ao a favour that you, Sir, or como of your numerouo readers would be good enough to supply him with a copy of a parody on the 'Weaving of tho Greon ' intro ducing Parkoo and Martin's namo, in looking over n,y scrap books I find the parody in queo tion, which I hereby send you verbatim. The piece originally appeared in Punoii of January, 1869, and probably was reprinted in tho Fbek man of the following week. A MAYO MAW.. Taking- m the ' Green.' As sung by Mr. P — k— s in hio entertainment ' Half an Hour of Illusion.'' % Air — Wearing oi! the Green.' . Oh ! Jemmy, dear, pray did you hear the ne.ws that's going round ? 'Twill set your legal intellect awandering I'll be bound ; For Robertoon and bold Macleay down to the House have been, And put a final stopper on my taking in the ' Green.' Ia the street I met old Betsey, and she took me by the hand, Says she, ' How goes our party now, and how do we stand ?' ' We're kicked from offiee,' I replied, ' not to return, I ween ; For they've been and put a settler on our taking in the ' green ' ' . 'Tis the most disgraceful showing' up' we ever yet have seen, Good-bye 'to all our little schemes for taking in the ' green.' , In vain my plans with skill I laid, and raised a precious row,. To bolster up our- party, for the game's exploded now ; Thetale I at Kiama told I thought was all serene, And for a time succeeded well in taking in the ' green.' ' But woe is me! the bubble much too speodily has burst; To hoot mo now the people are all rushing to be first, I find it but a rotten prop upon my fame to lean, Folks think each act another dodge for taking in the ' green.' They've fixed on a eommittee to investigate the case, The end, I fear, must certainly result in my disgrace ; The witnesses were called, and each who has examined been Deposes that he thinks my game was taking in the ' green.' I would I were on Crusoe's isle, or some out landish shore, Where stories of my 'Patent Ghost' would harass mo no more ; No more I dare to show my face at any festive scene, Led; folks observe ' That's ~Parkes, his dodge is taking in the ' green.' Alas ! for fame and place and pay, they've vanished from my view, My little bills at sight again the country won't renew ; Macleay confronts me in the House with a con temptuous mien, And says ' I've spoilt your little scheme for taking in tho ' green.' As down the street I sadly stroll, shopkeepers grinning stare, And mutter, 'That ere covey isn't quite upon the square.' While dirty little arabs dodge foot-passengers between, And yell, 'You're sold this time, old P— k— s, at taking in the ' green !' ' 