Les Cloches he Cokn'eville. This evening the beautiful composition of Planquette, "Lea Cloches do Corneville," will be produced, and wo append the following outline of tho piece :—The Comto de Lucenay, attainted for political reasons, Hies from France, leaving his infant daughter Lucienne, and considerable per* sonal property, in the care of a retainer, Gaspard. The wily Norman, however, foreseeing that the Comte may never return to claim his own (which indeed happens), brings up the child as his niece, under the name of Germaine, and gratifies his insatiable greed for money by hoarding the Corate's treasure. He has chosen for bis coffers the decayiug rooms of the old Chateau do Corneville, long since deserted by its lord, attainted of treason like De Lucenay, and an exile from France. The graudson of this Marquis de Corneville is, however, alive, and the interdict on the estates having been removed by the king the village gossips believe that oue day the loug expected heir will return. Meanwhile the castle has an evil notoriety. It is haunted; mailed spectres flit along its corridors and ghostly phantoms flit across its lighted windows at night. But in truth these are devices of the cunning Gaspard to frighteu away all intending tenants of tho old chateau. At the opening of tho opera a knot of girls are on their way to the hiring fair. Amongst them is Serpolette, a waif picked up by Gaspard on a bank of wild thyme in one of his fields, and grown now into his servant of all work. She has thrown up his protection, however, and seeks a better place, Germaine eventually joins the baud, also flying from Gaspard's house, but from a very different motive. Tho old miser has promised her hand to the villiagc bailie, a pompous, meddling old fellow, lately come to his kingdom, with a strong desire to open the chateau and audit the baron's accounts, Now, Germaine has bethrothed herself to a no er*do well of the locality, a young fisherman named Grenicheux, who, as she supposes, saved her from drowning. But in fact her deliverer was really the long-lost heir—-the young Ilonri de Corneville, now captain of an armed ship, with a roving commission, who a year before had put ashore at Honilour to revisit the house of his fathers. At tho opening of tho opera he again returns—and this time he resolves to take possession of his ancestral castle. Tho hiring fair, where he engages servants— amongst others Germaine, Serpolette, and Grenicheux (now turned coachman), con cludes the first part of the story. Tho scene changes to the haunted halls of the chateau. Tho young lord, with his officers and crew, torch and sword in hand, breaks into tho deserted rooms—and 'ay their plans to surprise the adventurers, whom they suppose to bo really the ghosts of the village tradition. Two disovcrics hearing directly on the fortunes of the two heroines are here made by tho marquis. F,ratly, he finds that the girl lie rescued *rom the sea is the Germaine who has capti* rated him, but who believes herself bound in honor to Grenicheux. Secondly, he discovers certain documents (left by old Gaspard) referring to the flight of Comte de Lucenay and the placing of his infant daughter with the miser. The vivacious Serpolette immediately rushes to the conclusiou that she is the noble child in question, and thenceforth gives herself all tho imaginary airs of her rank. The arrival of someone is annouueed by the scouts— Grenicheux is put into a suit of mail to watch the intruder unseen—and the Marquis and his crew retire to tho armoury. The old miser appears—works his phantoms— lights the candelabra—wallows in his gold— and then comes a swift and awful vengeance. The rusty bells toll—a ghostly chant is heard—then a legion of mailed spectres—all the dead and buried lords of Corneville ap pear, and advance on the appalled miser, who sinks wondering and terror-stricken on his gold. This startling tableau concludes the second part of the story. The last act is devoted to the unravelling of tho mystery attached to Germaine. This is done by patching together tho hints dropped iu his ravings by old Gaspard—who confirms them on his return to sanity and owns that Germaine is not his niece, but Mdlle. de Lucenay. In the aamo moment that young lady learns that she is free to give her hand where she loves, for that to Henri de Corneville and not Grenicheux she owed her life. Across the serious interest of the denouement comes the lighter texture ot Serpolctte's fortunes. No sooner does she assume the silks and satins of rank than she is undeceived as to her real position, aud has again to look forward to sabots and cotton. Over the betrothal of the Marquis and Germaine come, this time gladly, the chimes of *' Les Cloches de Corneville." 