D8NAL CRANT. BY SEORQE MACDONALD. Author of Alec Forbes, MiLcoLU, &c.;, &ou; Chatter XX/". Tho health of tho carl was as usual fluctua ting. It depended muoh on tho nature of hi» special indulgences. Thero was hardly any sort of narcotic with whioh he did not at least- make experiment, if not in which he dill not indulge. In so doing ho made no pretence even to himself of experiment for tho further ance of knowledge ; he know that ho wanted Bolely and merely to find how this or that, thus or thus modified or combined, would affect himself and contribute to his living a life such as he would have it, and plainly- other than that ordered for him by a power which least of all powers lie chose to acknow ledge ; the powers of drugs he was eager to- understand ; the power of the living source of him and them he would scarcely recognise. This came of no hostility to religion other than the worst hostility of all, that of a life incon sistent with any acknowledgment of supernal claim. He believed neither like saint nor devil; he believed and did not obey ; he be lieved and did not yet tremble. The ono day he was better, the other worse, I ray, according to tho character and degree of his indulgence. At 011c time it greatly affected his temper, taking from him all mastery of himself ; at another made him 00 dull and stupid that ho resented nothing except any attempt to rouse him from his habitude. But. the worst influence of all was a constaut one — yet one of wliicli, if he was at all for the pro- sent conscious, lie was yet entirely regardless- However the different things might vary ii» their operations upon liirn, to one end at least they all tended, nnd that was the destruction- of whatever remained to .him of a moral nature. \- Moved all his life by rebellion against what he called the conventionalities of Bocicty, lie- had committed great wrongs — whether also what are called crimes, I cannot tell ; no re pentance had followed, whatever remorse the- consequences of them may havo occasionod.. Even the possibility of remorse was gradually disappearing from liis nature. But so long, as nothing occurs causing the possible to em body itself in the actual, such a man may live- honored, and die respected, although in truth he belongs rather to tho kind demoniacal than the kind human. There remains, however,, always the danger of his real nature, or rather- nnnature, breaking out iu this way or that de moniacal. Although he went so little ont of the house,, and apparently never beyond the grounds, he yet learned a good ileal at times of thingB going on in tlie neighborhood. Davie brought him news, so did Simmons ; and now and then ho- would have an interview witli his half-acknow ledged relative at the homo farm, for years not a few the faithfnl agent of the family in what- concerned the land and its tenancies. - One morning before the earl was up, lie sent for Donal, and requested him to give Davio a half-holiday, and do something for him in stead. - - "You know, or perhaps yon don't know," he said, " that I have a house in the town— the only house, indeed, now. belonging to itlie- . title— a strange and not very attractive house : you must have noticed it— on the main street, a little before you come to the. Morven Arms." . "I believe I know the house, ray lord," answered Donal — " with strong iron stanchions- to the lower windows, .and—" . "" " Yes, that is the house ; I eee yon know it; and I daresay .you know the story of it — how it came to he deserted as it now is ! That was- more than a hundred years ago I But I havo- spent some nights in it since myself -notwith standing." " I should like to hear the Btory, my lord," . said Donal. . His lordship eyed him as if ho doubted him ;- then, apparently satisfied, went on. " Well," ho Baid, "you may aB well have the- storv from myself as from another ! Happily, it docs not come near anyone living. The family was not then represented by tho same branch as now, else I might perhaps bo thin- skinned about it. This is no legend, mind you; it iB a simple and very dreadful fact, and led to the abandonment of tho house. I think mysolf, however, it is nearly time it should be so far forgotten that at least the house should', let. It might by this time he considered as purified ! The castle and the title had not then parted company ; that is a tale worth telling, too ! there was no fair play in that either ! hut I will not trouble you with it now- One at a time is enough. " Into the generation then above ground, by one of tlioso freaks of nature specially strange, and yet more inexplicable than tho rest, had been born an original savage. Mark me — just as the old type, upon which ever so many modifications have been wrought, will yet sometimes reappear in tho midst of the newest edition, so it was now ; I speak in no figure of speech when I say that tho apparition tho phenomenon, was a savage, . I do not- mean to sav that he was an excoptional rough man for his position, hut for any position ill' the Scotland of that age. No doubt ho was regarded as a madman, and used as a madman : hut my opinion ia the more' philosophical— namely, that, juBt as a foal lias in our day been born with three feet to ono leg, like hia an cestors of the old marshy time, when but for thoso tlireo to a leg the ground would havo swallowed np tho race, so here by an arreBt of development, into the middle of the ladien «nd Mntlcaura came a veritable savage, their ' 'brother, and that ont pf no darkest age of " Watoiy.bnt from beyond all liiitory, outof tho 1 awful prehistoric times." ..... 'Hero Ilia lordship visibly and involuntarily ' shuddered, as from the memory of something ' he had actually seen, and Donal. concluded Vffcat into that region too lie had wandered in " omeeno or perhaps many of his visions. ' . "Ho was a fieroe and fiirioua savage, lio ""Went on, "worse than anything you can WW. The only sign of tho inflocnoe of vdvffisation nponhlm was that for themomonl he was cowed by the eye of the man who I 'aeted as his keeper. Novcr, oxoopt by tho rarest cliance, was ho left alone and not asleep : experience had proved that no one could tell avhat he might not do. :' V " He was of gigantio size, with coarse black hair— the brawniest fellow and tho ugliest, tliey say ; for you may suppose my description is legendary : there is no portrait of him on 'any of our walls ! — with a huge, shapeless, cruel, greedy mouth." As hiB lordship said the words, Donal, with involuntary insight, paw both cruelty and greed in the mouth that ' ispokc, though it was neither huge nar ebape- lesi — "lips hideously red and large, with the whitest teeth inside them. 1 give you the description thus minute,' " said his lord- hip, who evidently lingered with pleasure on : the details of his recital, " just as I used to bear it from the mouth of an old nurse who liad been all her life in the family, and had bad it from her mother, who was in the family . at the time. His great passion, his keenest do- light was animal food. He ate enormously — more, they said, than two of the heartiest men ' could have eaten. And to eat ho was ready at any and every hour of the day, except that in wliich he had just . gorged himself. Roast "flesli was Ida main delight, but he was very fond of broth also. Ho must have been more like Ttfra. Shelley's Frankenstein than any other of fact or fancy ! All the time that, as quite a young man, I was reading the atory, I had the vision of my for-olf cousin constantly before i mo, as I had seen him in my mind's eyo while any nurse described him, and I kept wonder, leg whether Mrs. ShoUoy could over have beard the same description of him. As the creature was nnfit for any kind of society whatever — in an earlier age tliey would have got rid of him by readier and mora thorough means, if only for shame -of having brought auclr a being into the world — they sent him with his keeper, a little man with a powerful eye, to the house of which I speak ; far away \- in an altogether solitary place they could not persuade auy man to live with him. At night be was always secured to the bed wliuu he slept, otherwise his. koeper could never have felt secure enough to Bleep at all, for he was cunning as lie - was hideous. When ho slept ' during the day, which he did frequently after a sncal, his attendant would content himself with iockinghis door, and keeping his ears awake, At such times he would step just outside the street door, to look on the world, and exchange what words he might with anyouc who happened to be passing ; he would neither leave the door nor shut it behind him, lest the savage should escape from his room and bar it, aad then set the jiouse on fire. " One beautiful Sunday morning, tho brute, after a good breakfast, had fallen asleep on his bed, and the keeper had gono down stairs, and was standing in the street with the door open immediately behind him. It was Sunday morn ing, all the people were at church, and the street was empty as a desert. He had stood there for some time, enjoying the sweet air and the scent of the flowers, then went in and -got a light to his pipe ; put coals oa the fire, and saw that the huge cauldr on of broth which (be cook had left in his charge when he went to church — it was to serve for dinner and sup. per both — was boiling beantifnlly; then went back, and again took his station in front of the open door. Presently came a neighbor woman from, her house, leading by the hand a little girl too. yonng to go to church. The woman aod.he stood talking for some time. Suddenly cried the woman. " ' Good Lord ! what's como o' the bairn ?' the same instant came one piercing shriek to their ears — from some distance it seemed, Tho mother darted down the neighboring close. But the keeper, then first discovering that the door behind him was shut, was filled with hor. xitde dismay. He harried to another entrance iu the close, of which he always kept the key about liim, and entering went straight to the Jdlchen. There by the fire stood the savage, gazing with a fixed fishy rapture at the caul dron, which the steam, issuing in little sharp jets from -under tho lid, showed to be boiling furiously, with grand prophecy of broth. With a ghastly horror creeping through his very bones, the keeper hastily lifted the lid — and there, ..with the broth bubbling in waves over it, lay the body of the child ! The demon had torn off her frock, and thrust her, with tho rest of her clothes on, into the boiling cauld ron; ' " Hot a whit was the monster ashamed of bis deed ! There roso such an ontcry that the family was compelled to put him in chains and carry him to some place unknown, where he lived to old age, nurse said. And ever since then the house has been uninhabited, with, of course, the reputation of being haunted. If you happen to be in the neighborhood when it begins to grow dark, you will see the children hurrying past it in silence from the playground near, now and then glancing back in dread lest the creature should have opened the never -opened door, and be stealing after them, They are afraid of . the Red Ftin, as they call him— only this ogre was black, I am sorry to ay; red would have been the better color for him." " It is indeed a horrible story 1" said Donal. " It is there I want you to go for me j you don't mind it, do you ?" " Hot in the least," answered Donal. " I want yon to search a certain bureau there for somo papers." " Yon would like mo to go at once ?" 4 « Yes." ' Very well, my lord," said Donal. '"By the way," Baid the carl, as if he had .then jnst thought of the thing, " Have you no Dews to give me about Forgue'B affair ? " "No, my lord," answered Donal. " Whether they meet now I do not know, bat I am afraid." "Oh, I. daresay," rejoined his lordship, ".like many another, the whim is wearing off I One pellet drives out another, and with the conviction behind it in the popgnn that it would be simple ruin — cli, Mr. Grant ? But ire lira semes are stififnecked in our ways,- both with God aud map, aud i don't trust him much." " - " He gave you na -premise; if you remember, ' my lord." "I remember very well ; why the denes should I not remember I am not In the way of forgetting tilings. Ho, by God ! nor for- giving tliom either i Where tliere is anything to forgive there i3 no fear of my forgetting 1 I remember that I map not forgive." - He followed this Inhuman utterance with a laugh, as if he would have it pass for a joke, but there was no ring in the lattgh. Ho then gave Donal detailed instructions as to where the bureau stood, how ho was : to open it with a curious key ho made him find for himself in one of tho drawers in the rbom, - how also ho was to open the more secret part of the bureau in winch the papers lay. " Forget !" he echoed, returning to his last utterance; " I have not been in that house for twenty years ! you can judge whothcr I for get! Ho!" he added with an oath, "if. I found myself forgetting I sliould think U time to look out; but there is no sign of that yet, thank God ! There ! take the keys, and be oft with you ! Simmons will give you the key of the house. You had better take that of the door in the close; it is easier to open." Doual went away wondering at the pleuure tho earl had seemed to take in the details of his horrible story — worse they were than I have cared to record — especially in describing iiow the mother took the body of her child out of the pot. He went atamce to Simmons and asked him for the key of the side door, which opened in the close. The butler went to fetch it, but returned saying lie could not lay his hands upon it, but there was the key of tlie front door, which, however, lie was afraid might prove rather stiff to turn. Donal taking what ho could get, and oiling it well, set ont for Morren House. But on his way ho turned aside into the hnmbio dwelling in which ho had spent so many hours with ono who loved tho trnth of things with his whole heart. Andrew seemed so much worse that he thought he mast bo sinking. So apparently thought Andrew, for the moment hosaw Donal be requested they might be left alone for a few minutes. " My yooeg .frecn,' " ho said, " tho Lord has faavoredme greatly in grantiu' my last days the licht o' your coontenar.ce. I liao leamt a heap o' things frae yo 'at I kenna hoo I could bae come at wantia' ye." "Eh, An'rew !" interrupted Donal, "I dinna weol ken hoo that can be, for it aye seemt to mo ye had a' the knowledge 'at was gaein' !" " Wed, that man can ill taich wha'a no gaein' on to learn ; an' may he whiles he learns rnair frae the man 'at he teaches nor that man learns frae him. But ifs a' frae the Lord — for the Lord is that speerit— the epeerit o a' won'erfu' an' gran' things ; an' that 'canse first o' a' he's the speerit o' obedilience to the high willo' richt an' troivtb. But, mv sou, maybe it may comfort ye a wee in some o' the troubles the Lord may liac for ye i'. the time to como, to reflcc' that the auld cobbler, Ancrew Comin, gned intil the new warl, fitter company for them that was there afore him, for the help 'at ye gied him afore he gaed. An' may the Lord mak a sicht o' use o' ye for that same ! Fowk say a heap aboot savin' sowls ; but ower af ten, wlian tliey think they hae savit them, it seems to me they hae but taen frae them the sense that they're sair in want o' savin. I wad hae a man ken in himsel' mair an' mair the neod o' bein' saved, till he cries oot an about, ' I am saved, for there's none in H'aven but thee, and there's none upo' the earth I desire beside thee ! for ilka man, wuman, child, an' lire crntnr, is to me but as a portion o' thee whaur on to lat rin ower the loye that wall aye be risin' iu him iik a f'untain !' Whan a man can say that, lie's saved, but no till than, though ho may hao been lang years upo the ro'd, an' ape comin' nearer to that goal o' a lioup, the hert o' tho father o' me, an yon, nn' Doory, an Eppie, an' a' the nations o' the earth !" He stopped, weary, bnt his eyes, fixed on Donal, went on where his voice had ended, and for a timo. Donal eeemed to hear what his soul was saying, and to hearken with content. Bnt suddenly their light went out, he gave a sigh, and said — "It's ower for this wad, my freen, It's comin' — the hour o' darkness. But the thing 'at's true whan the liclii shines is jist as true V the dark ; yocacna work, that's a'. God 'ill gie me grace to lie still. It's a' one. I wad 110 jist as I used to eit, i' the days whan I men'it fowk'e Bhune and Dooryhappent to awa' the licht for a moment— I wad sit aye luikin' doon throw tho mirk at my work, though I couldna see a. stime o't, wi' the alson. (aid) i' my han', ready, aye ready to put in the neist ateek the moment the licht fell upon the spot whaur it was to gang, I wad lie like that whan I'm deein', jist waitin' for the licht, an' makin' an incense offerin' o' my patience whan I hae naething ither, neither thoucht nor glad, ness nor sorrow, naetliiug hut patieuce burnin' in pain to offer. He'll accep' that. For, my son, the Maister's jist as easy to please us he's 111 to satisfce. Ye hae Been a mithcr ower licr woe lassie's sampler ? She'll praise, an' praiso an, be richt pleest wi't ; bnt wow, gien she was to be content wi' the thing in her han't That lassie's man, whan she cam to lia'o ano, wad hae an ill time o't wi' liis hose and earks ! An' noo I hae a fauvor to beg o' ye, no' for my Bake but for hers. Gin ye hao the wornin', yo'll be wi' me when I gaug ? It may be. a comfort to me — I dinna keen — uanc can tell 'at hasna doe'd afore; nor even than, for doiths are sae different ? Doobtlose Lazarus'e twa deiths war far frae alike, But it'U be a great comfort to Doory, She winna <ln,l for. sol' sae lanesome like, losing sicht o' bar auld man, gin die freen o bis hert be aside her when ho gnngs." " Please God, I'll he at yor comman'," said Donah " Hoo cry upo' Doory to come, for I wadna see less o her nor I may. It may be years afore I get a sicht o' her to'in face again. But the same Lord's in her an' me, an' we camna far be Bnn'ert, however lang the time may he afore we meet again." Donald obeyed, called Doory, and took his leave. Opposite Morven House was a building which hod at one time been the stables to it, but was now part of a brewery, and a high wall Bhat it off from the street. It was now dinner timo with the humble people of the- town, and there was not a soul visible in the street ; so Donal put tho key in the lock of the front doer,. opened it and -entered without; so far as he knew, a soul having seen ln> So far euocessful, for be desired to ronse no -idle (Curiosity, which might have led crowding feet to the ill haunted dwelling, he moved almost on tipto? »»lw.«ufored tlte<le»erteislftw« H» waa-in .a lofty hall, rising high above the- first story. Tho dust lay thick on a -large marbfo table in it — but what wis that I— a streak all across it, bmisliod sharply through the middle of tho dust 1 It was Btrango ! but he could , not wait to 'speculate now 1 Ho must do his work first! and proceeded therefore to find tlie room to which the -carl had directed. It was on the first floor, and hod atone timo been made some, quiet uio of by tho present earl when a comparatively young man. Ho ascended, therefore, the great black oak stair case, which went op and along the sides of the foil. The house had novcr been dismantled, altiiough things had at different times been taken out of it ; and whon Donal openod a bit of shutter toward the street, ho saw a good sized room, with tables and chairs and cabinets inlaid with silver and ivory. It looked stately aad comfortablo, hut everything was deepen dust, the curtains and carpet were thick with tlie deserted sepulchres of moths, rind tlie air somehow suggested a tomb — so tliat Donal thought at once of tho tombs of the kings of Egypt, which, before ravaging conquerors broke into and spoiled them, were filled with, such gorgeous furniture as great kings could desire for the souls destined to return and re- auimate the bodies so carefully spicod and stored iu cerements and coffins, ready to wel come their return, when the great kings would be themselves again, with the added wisdom -of "the 'dead and judged. Conscious of a curious timidity, a kind of awesornencsa about every form in the place, he hastened, but softly, to the bureau, applied its key, and fol lowing carefully the directions given hiin, for the. look was an Italian one, and had more than ono quip and crank and wanton wile about it, succeeded in opening it His in structions had been so comploto that ho had no difficulty in finding tho eocret place, nor the packet which was concealed in it . Bnt just as he laid his hands upon it he ' was sud denly aware of a swift passage along the floor without, and past the door of the room, and apparently up the next stair. There was nothing ho could distinguish as footsteps, or even ns tho rustle of a dress, only tho ghostly- liko motion that could not bo described. He darted to tlie doer, which he had only by instinct shut behind him, and opened it swiftly and noiselessly. Nothing was to be seen ! But it need be no ghost. The stairs were covered witli thick carpet, and a light foot might have passed and gone up without any sound at all bnt for the iiaste. It was but the wind of tho troubled air that had told the tale ! He turned and closed the bureau, leaving the packet where it lay. If there was anyone in tho house, who could toll what might follow i It was in truth the merest ghost of . a sound he had hesrd ; bat he would go after it ! Someone might be using the earl's house for his own purpoio ! He must find out ! Going softly up, he paused at the top, and looked around liim. An iron-clenched door. Btood nearly opposite the head of tho stair ; anil at tho farther end of a luug passage a door stood a little way open. From that direction came the sound of a little movemont and then of low voices — one surely that of a woman 1 Then it flashed upon liim that this might be the place of Eppie's rendezvous with Fergus Afraid of being discovered before he had gathered his wits to hear on the subject, he stepped softly across the passage to the stroug door opposite, opened it, not, however, without some noise, and stepped in, standiug for a momentin dread of having thus given an alarm. It was the stiongcst looking chamber into which he had stept — doubtless, ho concluded, that occupied by the ogro 1 Even in t ie be wilderment of tho moment tho tale he had heard in tlie morning was so present to his mind that he could not help casting his eyes round, and noting several things to confirm the con clusion, But tho next instant came from below what sounded like a- thundering knock at tlie street-door — a single knock, loud and fierce. I may mention here that no one ever discovered what that knock was. The inmates of any other house in the town wuuld liavo taken it merely for a runaway's knock. Zt was hardly like that of the kuocker on tho door. That Donal tried, for he long puzzled over it, but he never could Batisfy himself con cerning it. The start it gave him set his heart shaking in his bosom. There Came instantly a little cry along tho passage, and the door at the end of it opened. A harried, though carefully soft step came along, passed Donal, and went down the stair, " If lam right, now is my time," said Donal to himself. " Eppie is left alone." Ho issued from his retreat, and went along the passage. 'Hie door at the end of it was half open, and Eppie stood iu the gap. Whether she had seen him come out of the ogre's room, or whether indeed she knew what tho room was, I do not know, but she stood gazing with widespread eyo3 of terror, S3 if looking on tho approach of the Red Ft in himself. As ho came nearer the blue eyes opened -widor, and seemed to fix in their orbits. Just as her name was on his lips, Eppie dropped with a moan to the floor. Donal caught her up— he was equal to a good deal more than tho weight of a girl like Eppie— and hurried down. Ho had but reached the first floor when be heard the sound of awift ascending steps, and tho next moment was fnoe to face with Forgue. The latter started .back, and for a moment Blood staring. But mounting rage restored liim to his self- possession, His first thought had been, like that of Abab — " Host thou found me, 0 mino .enemy ?" But his first words were : . " But her down, you scoundrel !" " She can't stand," replied Donal quietly. "You've killed her, you damned sneaking «py 1" " Then I should have been more kind than yon !" " What are you going to do with her f "Toko her home to her dying grandfather." " You've hurt her, you devil ! I know you have !" . " She is only frightened. She is coming to herself already. I feel her coming awake," " You feol her !" cried Forgue, with a groat oath ; " I will make you feel me presently. Put her down, I say." Ho hissed tho words from between his teeth, for he dared not speak aloud for fear of rousing the neighborhood. Eppio began to writhe and struggle iu Dounl's arms. Forgue laid hold of her, and Donal was compelled to put lier down. She threw herself into the arms of hor lover, and was on the point of fainting away again for joy at her deliverance. "Get out of the house, you spy," said Forgue. "I am bore by your father's desire," said Donal, "As a spy," insisted Forgne, "Hot to my . knewlodgu," returned Donal. " Ho sont' me to look for Bomo popors." . "You He," eaid Forgue, "I ooc It in your face." . " So long as I apeak the truth, oaid Donal, "it matters little to mo that vou should think me a liar. But, my lord, I request that you will give Eppio up to mo, that I may t»ko licr homo to hor peoplo." "A likoly tiling I" eaid l'orguo, straining Eppio to "him, and looking with contempt at Donal. i "Then I wilt tell you,. on tho word of a man whom neither you nor the world shall find a liar, that I will ronso tho town, and hnvo a crowd about the house la five . minutes." | " You ore tho devil, I do bcliovc, come from i hell for my r.uln !" cried Forgue. " There, i take her. Only mind it is you, and not I to j blame that I do. not marry het ! I would j hnvo done my part. Leave us alone and I'll . marry lior. ; !"» her from mo in this sneaking i fashion, and I make no promises fl' j " Ok, but yon will, dearest," said Eppio, in a bcscculiing, frightened tone. Forgue pushed hor from him. Sho buret I into tears. Ho took her in his arms and began sootiiiug her like a child, assuring her i lie meant nothing by what he hnd Baid. " You are ray own little wife," he went on, " you know you' are, whatever your enemies may drive- us to. Nothing can part us now. j Go with liim for the present. The time will ' come when the truth shall bo known, and wo shall laugh at thorn all. . If it were not for your sake, and the scandal of tho tiling, I , should send tho villain to the bottom of the '. stair in doublo quick time. But it is better to , bo patient." . | Sobbing bitterly, Eppio went with Donal : down the stair, leaving Forgue shaking with imputent rage behind liim. When they got , into the street Donnl turned to lock tho door. j Eppie seized the opportunity, darted from him, and ran down tlie dose to the side door. But ' it was locked, and she could not got in. Then came a suddon thought to Donal. He was with her in a moment. ' You go homo alone, Eppie," ho said, "it will bo just as wall you should not go in with me. I ain going to 6ee Lord Forgue out of thie." " Eli, ye winna hurt him !" pleaded Eppie. " I will not if I can help it, but ho may put ' it out of my power to spare him. I don't want to hurt him : there is no revongo in me. You go home. It will ho better for him as well a3 . for you." Sho went slowly away, weeping, but trying ! to keep what appearance of calm she might. As soon as she was round the corner, Donal hurried back to the front door, and hastening j to the side door took the key from tlie lock, I Then returning to the hall, he summoned j Forgue. I " My lord," lie said, at tlie bottom of tlie stair, loud enough to be heard through the empty house, " I have got both the keys ; tho side door is locked, and I am about to lock tho ' front door, I do not want to shut you in. Fray come down before I go." Forgue caino leaping down the stair, and threw himself upon Donal. A fierce struggle for the possession of the key which Donal held in his hand com menced. The sudden assault staggered Donal, and he fell on the floor with Forgue above him, who immediately laid hold of tho key, and j tried to wrest it from him. But Donal wo3 j much tho stronger of the two, and had soon thrown his lordship off him. For a moment | ho was a littio tempted to give liim a good j tlirashing, but the thought of Eppie helped j him to restrain himself, and he would not lot | him up, but contented iiimsclf with holding s him down till he yiolded. For awhile he kept kicking and striking out in all directions, but | at last lay still. " Will you promise to walk out quietly if I - let you up J" said Donal, still holding him , down. " If you will not, I will drag yon out into the street by the legs." . "I will," said Forgue; and getting up; walked out and away without auotiier ward. j Donal locked tho door, and, forgetting nil | about the papers, went back to Andrew's, i There was Eppie busy in tho outer room, and I for the present lie was satisfied. She kept her - back to him, and lie took care not to address her. With a word or two to tho grandmother, and a hint to keep tho girl in the house ns much as possible, reminding her that she might I have no other to send for him if her husband I should want him, he took his leave, and wont ' homo, revolving all the way one quostion after another as to what bo ought to do or could do. i Should he tell .'the father how the son was | carrying himself, or should ho not ? Hnd tho father been a man of rectitude, or oven so far such as to dread the doing more than the suffering of evil, he would not have hesitated a moment ; hut knowing he did not care one pin what become of Eppie, so long as his son was prevented from marrying her, he did not feel bound by the mere fact that he was tutor to the younger son, without' the smallest re sponsibility for the other, to carry the evil report of the elder. Tho father might hnro a right to know, but had ho a right to know j from him ? A noble nature finds it impossible ! to deal with questions except on the highest grounds ; where those ' grounds are unrecog nised, the relations of responsibility may bo difficult indeed to determine. All he was able to conclude on his way, and he did not hurry, wsb— that if ho were asked any questions, he would Bpcdk out "what ho know — ho absolutely open. If that should put a weapon in the hand of tlie enemy, a weapon was not the victory. 