ECEOES OF MELBOURNE. (By THE GOHSt.) Nov. S.' Parliament has been prorogued after a session extending over less than six months,duringwhiolh morelegislative work has been gone through than during the previous six years. Under the Coalition Ministry most of the measures submitted have been rushed through at a pace which would shamne the Derby or Cup winner. Many of the bills brought in were' taken oni trust and passed almntst" without a word of discussion. The liwy'era predict that this galloping style of placing acts upon the Statute Book will eventuate much as a cortatin other proceeding under. taken in haste is proverbially said to do in causing ropentance at leisure, and look forward to a large increaso in their hbui. ness. .Be thisf however, as it may, enndry matters have been settled under the pres oet mixed regime which, had no fusion of parties taken place, woield have remnained in abeyance until the crack of doom Does. anyone, for iristance, think that political petronage would have been so quietly given up, as it lehas been, with but thlefeoblest resistance on the part of the department trotters had the Liberals con tinued to sit oe one side of ties Assembly and the Conservativees on the other ? Should we have had a Railways Manago nment and a Civil Service Act to show, but for, the existence of the "unholy alliance?" Most certainly not ;' at all events this side of tihe Greek Kalonds. But there seems to be a feeling that having done the work, which could not under other circnmstances' have been performed, the raison d'strec of the Govern ment has ceased. When the Houses moseet after their seven montha' holiday, the various'component atoms of the Assembly will most probably be discovered re crystalised tunder some other form. Little plans which during a busy season are perforce compollod to reach only':tho embryonic stage, will have had time to matihro acid 'the "oute" have had the necessary leisure to undermine the pesi tion of the '"inns," and perform the work which a certain unmentionable personage is said to find "for idle hands to do." As' predicted in '. former letter, the charge of gross immorality prevailing in ourStateaochool is another exemplification of the old story of the three black crows. The "lady"who told the Bishop is unable to substantiate anly case, and refuses to travel outside of vague generalities. The bottom has fallen. out of the enquiry, which MIr. Service, the Minister of Edu. cation, now declines to proceed with, for the very good and sufficient reason that there is really nothing to investigate. The colony is on the horns of a di lomma. It is becoming leoss charitable or growing poorer. .The collections made on Hospital Saturday and Suneday do not reach the totals of last. year. Victoria's reputation in regard to the possession of what on the highest authority has been proclaimed the greatest of virtues sufllers, if the first hypo thesis be the ,correct one, and ler amour propre will be prievously shocked by admitting the second proposition. Perhaps both are in a measure true, and the reason for tile falling off may be found byaseribing it to their combined influence. The first of what may be termed a hatch of libel actions brought by Mr. rilchton, the agricultural editor of the Federal tAustraliane, resulted on Wednesday in the proprietors of the Age being mulcoed in damages to the extent of ii by. a jury of six, presided over by Mr. Justice Williams. Measrs. D. and J. Symo were probably selected to. be tihe first to bear the brunt of the assault as being "tlhe best mark." In all probability the de. fondants in the 'other actions will soew settle with Mfr. Orieliton without the in torvention of the law. The police authorities appear at lengthI to have boon goaded into making some attempt to put a stop't t the multitude of swindling swoops and totalisator clubs at present in full swing in Meolbourne. A. scudden awakening 'from their long itip Van Winkolian slumbers has eventuated in a' large number of summonses being taken out. As, howover, the bulk of the victims' cash has already boon appro priated by the hawks, it is doubtful what advantage the pigeons will reap from the tardy'proceedings. T.ie bunches of carrots in the nshpe of the Railway and Civil Service Commis. sionerehips are still being dangled nnder the noses of a number of expectant' poli ticians. The Ministry are displaying the wisdom 'of thes serpent in not making their choice known- that is if they have really arrived at any decision-until they are safely in recess. They thus avoid un pleasant questions in Parliament, and the fooling of disappointmenot engendered in, the unfortunates left onit in the cold has time to lose much of its intensity. Spocue lation is, of course, rife in regard to the names of the lucky ones who are to be the recipients of" a couple of thousand pounds per annum" " fr five years cer tain," and renewable if they are in the good graces of the Legislature at the expiration of that period. As "tips" are just now the fashion, it may'not be out of place to hatard the opinion that "wlioen the numbers are tip" among the winners will be found an ex-Treasurer, an ox-Com. missionerof Railways, and- an ex-traflio manager on the Victorian railwaysv. Among those who profess to be behind. the scenes, two at all events out of tihe three gentlemen 'absoe deelgnated are looked upon as " moral certainties." But just about " Cup time," a good many cor taitioes are apt not to come off in accord ance with the vaticinations of the pro. phots. Among the cips that choor, but do not inobriate, the MeIlbourne Cup is certaisly not entitled to a place of honour. In sooth, Cenp week" is the proximate couse of a groat deal of drinking. Mon, more or loss intoxicated, are at present thick in the principal thoroughfares, 'as those. very often quoted leaves of Vallom bros's valo. Despite the warnings of the Press, card sharpers, magsmon, and the light fingered gentry, who live not so mnuch by their own wits, as by the want of that commodity in others, are having a " good timo" of it. Melbourne is fell to overflowing, and wsere the now-comers who arrive by every train and steamer are to stow themselves away is somewhat of a mystery. There is already some talk of the vehicles of the Omnibus Company being utilised after their day's work as sleeping apartments, and the Railway De partmentwould most asesuredly earnal most oriouch to pay for another collision by dlevoting their rolling stock to the use to which itswas puet by M1r. WVilliamn Nelson M,'Csnn, a whilom member of tie Vic torian Logislatluro, who, when represent. ing South Grant before the hlappy era of payment of the people's representatives,, was wont to take np Iris nighitly abode in a fi'st-class carriage. 'Why slhonld not Mr. Gillios 'earn an honest penny and the unlimited gratitude of hundreds wsho know not where to lay theior heads, by imnprov ing sleeping cars at Flindors and Spoencer streets ? Of tlieovarious tloatres,'tlee Royal has hlad thie call, thle "Silver King" having proved a thorouglh success. The Opera House cones next with the "eMafnteanx Noirs," the very capablo artists tlero nightly dIrawing large audiences. Miss Emilio Melville is also chlarming thie pub lih by her dleliphtful impersonatioc of "La Belle IHelone." Strange to say, the very good drama, tile "Woman of the People," even interpreted by scel a firat-class company as that at the Bijou, with Signor and Signora M1ajoroni at their head, hlas not accured that most fickle of popular sontinoents-its favour. It is, therefore, to be withdrawn to-night, and the oll pieces in which tie Majeroois achieved their first triumph, seulstituted during the carnival. Tshese are asro to soceure bumper attendances, the ladies tlcking in shnals to ose the newest development of female attiro in the oxquisito dresses worn by the Signora in the various chlaractors. To this has the drama come at last I 