FOLLOW THOU ME. By tbe Bev. He-'RY Wabd Bkecueb. 'Then Peter,. turning about, seetb the disciple whom Je&ns; loved following (which also leaned. or Bis breast at sapper, and said, Lord, which is he that betrayetb Thee?) ; Peter seeing him saitb to Jesus, Lord, and what shall this man do'; Jesns. saitb nnto him, If I will that he tarry till I come, what is that to tbee ? Follow thon Me.' — St. Jobs xxi. 20-22. Jesus had been declaring to Peter, pro phetically, the manner of his death. He was to die a death of violence, and fihrisfc Viarl predicted it. Peter, seeing John following^ says' to the Master with that intrusive curiosity, almost meddlesomeness, which be longed to Peter's character, ' What shall this man do? I am to be slain; but what is to be the history of thi3 man?' And Jesus said, ' If I will that he tarry till I come, what is that to thee ? Follow thou Me.' John adds, 'Then went this saying abroad among the brethren, that that disciple should nob die.' Misinterpreting' the phrase, 'If I will that he tarry till I come,' men got the notion that John should- not die. And he quotes the incident to correct that saying. He declares that the Master did not say- that he -ehould. not die, but only this;—*' If I will that he tarry till I come, what is that to thee-f Ha does not expound the meaning of the passage. He uses it simply to refute that rumor* which was founded upon mistake. That there was meaning in it far beyond that which he developed on this occasion, there can be no doubt. Peter's intrusive boldness seemed,' at this time a3 usual, to exercise itself in. putting every man -in his right place. He was unconsciously attempting to govern others, or to find out about others. He did not reflect that it was opposed to the Christ spirit. He did not reflect that personal con secration was the first thing in every man's life, and continuously the most important thing ; but he was busy in respect to the probable history and condition of those around about him. As if the external history of any of them was a thing to be compared for one single moment with their adhesion to Christ ; with the relationship of their spiritual union with their Master and Head ! Or, i£ Peter's motive were different from this meddlesomeness; if it were an anxiety to know what God provided for his people, and what was to be the providential HpVifny with bis brethren, and particularly with John the beloved, even then it was carrying the matter beyond wisdom, in the presence of Christ, and in the nearness of His parting from them. In cither case the reply was pertinent— namely, ' What is that, to thee* Your history is important to you; but what concern is it of yours that another man's history is to be this, or that, or another thing? Your history is in me. Follow thoo. me. And to each man Christ says, 'Follow thou me — never mind others.' The emphasis of this cannot be estimated unless we consider that Peter was an apostle, that It was to be his mission to make known the Lord Jesusi Christ to men, and that he was abootWbe sent out to bring in disciples, to found churches, to institute a polity whose main principles should operate to the end of time. All the more, therefore, it was requisite that he himself should follow Christ, and be filled with His spirit, not making- his mission, nor his external duty, nor his work in time, the main and chief part of his concern, but founding all this work upon a personal, interior experience of the love of God in Christ Jesus as the one thing needful to his immortality. And we may fairly deduce from this instance several points, such aa these : — 1\. Following Christ is a personal work preceding ail official work, underlying it, as the soil out of which all official work is to spring. To follow Christ is to repro duce in ourselves His dispositions, to accept His ideas of life and of duty, to fulfil his commands, and to ? be-- in union with Him by love and sympathy. The servant of Christ has all the instruments be longing to the work of education which philosophy possesses, and has, over andabove all others, his own personal experience,, by reason of the intimate communion of his soul with the Lord Jesus Christ The power by which we are to instruct men is not amply the ordinary didactic power. The power- by which we are to teach and preaob is not simply the expository power which any man may have. It is not that which secular edu cation may give. It is that which ha* been, wrought in us, distinctively and peculiarly personally. It is that which makes us indi vidual, and our experience individual. And. although the resources of learning are to be availed of, although all ordinary, cauaeaace to be employed for ordinary effects, we arenever to forget that tbe distinctive and peculiar power of the Christian teacher, or the Christian worker, lies in that which has happened between his soul and God, and which is original, native to him, and distinctive above that oC cveiy other. For as no two. persons are alike, so the work of grace in no two. hearts is alike. And every man has & teach ing and a power distinct from that of Any other man. Following Christ,. then, is. the main preparation, though it is Dot the only ? one. It does not disdain any other prcjuura tions ; but it la that foundation on much aU other preparations are to be built. .Is uihat spirit which is to quicken all other influences and instruments* It is that which GaUatk taught us by the indwelling of the Italy Ghost, filling our conscience, and -gidng in« tuition to our whole moral seose^..|}Qc|hat the Apostles an$ ho^ruen (nf^fla^&QQHi; Ivea relations vnth ^^hnsc ixironiz^i ft fln£^fc ^tit J curiosity and. a spirit Qt wuriety about th^ ;StfBOrt «id, «? telloiref rfCSmrt. *his ISlrltof anxions fowkcking Is s» mischievous Sffiipirltaariife as that anxious forethought Swkieh CJirJbtaisstuklesusfroinfe in secular Hungs. And yet, in times of disturbance, in 4iineswhen it is doubtful which way things are noiing. when beliefs are broken op, when new policies invade old. ones, when convul sions take place, the heart of many a man iMOode ; ami many a Christian man says, **JQte old paths are better; bat the flood is setting in, and the landmarks are being re nored, and the deluge of unbelief and un certainty is coming.' And men in thus 'brooding on the probable history of the church, almost forget that Christ says, 'What is that to tbee? Follow thou me.' Your personal life in Jeeus Christ, which is first, and is higher and better than every thing else,1 being secured, you need not be without cariosity, and you are not forbidden to forelcok, and to imagine ; but, after all, it is from your personal connection with the Lord Jesus Christ that your faith is to come. 1'here is to be your life, and not in what you foresee, nor in what you hope, nor in what yon desire, of the outward history of the cause of God in this world. 3\. Everyman's personal history and duties are bo separate, so individual, so private, that lie must follow Christ, not in company neces awily, nor as a member of a body, but for Imneelf. Whatever Christian families are in this world— whether they are living according to tile world or not ; whether they tolerate unlawful pleasures or not; whether they are remiss or not; whether they are ordered according to the mind and will of the spirit that governs in the spiritual realm, or according to the mind and will of the spirit that governs in this world ?—this does not concern you half so much as that you follow Christ. Your father and your mother may seem to you to be going wrong; but you are not their judge, except so far as to determine what your duty is. Your brothers and sisters may seem to you to be taking undue liberties ; nevertheless, ? Che word of the Lord to you, and to each one ?f you, is, 'What is that to thee? Your salvation does not stand in another person's fidelity. That other person may be all right : and yon may be all wrong ; or he may be all wrong, and: you may be all right. Follow thou Me, and I win take eare of him.' We very often are so prone to anxiety through our affections that we often unconsciously assume the attitude of dictation, and carry all the burden that we should carry f men were dependent on ub for their salva ion, and not upon God. Whatever churches are — whether they are departing from the faith of the fathers or not ; whether they are mixing a vain philo sophy with the truth or not : whether they are opening the doors too wide to the world er not; whether they are throwing out ordinances that should be retained, or taking inordlnanoesthatarethework of men's hands, whether they are going up or down— what- ever may be their condition it is not for you to carry their burdens. You are not ap pointed the bishop of the churches, nor is any man. And the word of the Lord to every man is this: 'What is that to thee? Follow ihouMe.' IT ot that you have not a right to form judgments ; not that you have not a right to have an affectionate solicitude f orthe welfare of the churches of the Lord Jesus Christ on the earth ; but you have no right to form judgments and to have solicitude to any such extent as to disturb your peace — certainly not to any such extent as that you shall carry any additional burdens. And yet there are men in the world who imagine themselves to be set apart and foreordained to murmur and repine. And for ever they see the dark side of all movements. And they pray against the defections of the churches. They talk about the defections ef the churches. They are full of murnrarings and repinings about the defections of the churches. They are so full of other men's miideeds and supposed faults, that they have little spirit left, and little time left, for their own personal edification in the I4)rd Jesus Christ. And the Lord says to these heresy-hunting grumblers, ' What is that to thee? Follow thou Me, and I will take care of heretics.' 4\. Parents often stand in the light of their own good, and even weaken tneir moral power, by an undue and improper anxiety for their own children. There may be an anxiety for one's children which shall leave the impression on the child's'mind that you have no faith in God. Else why such anxiety V Parents may be so anxious for the welfare of their children that they have very tittle peace, very little joy, very little trust in God. In order that our hearts may ring out to our children in the sweet music of true religion, those hearts must not be touched. If you lay your hand upon a bell when you strike it, it is muffled, and the sound does not come forth. Take off your hand, and everything, and let the bell sound out sweet and clear. The heart must not be muffled by these anxieties and fears and torments. ' To be sure,' it is said, ' the parent who lores the child must be anxious that it shall do welL' Yes, but hope is a better counsellor than fear for parents. It is just as easy for you, Oh, mother, to say, *' The God thathas taken care of me will take care of my children. I will trust Him who has never left me nor forsaken me, and who has given me the right to cast my care on Him, because He careth for me. Hot my vigilance, not my skill, not my vrisdom, wilfl trust. I acknowledge that I do not know how to take care of these my little ones ? but God knows, and I will leave them in His hands.' My dear friends, won derful is the way of God with children. How iuany children there arc that come up in spite of their parents? How many parents there are who do enough to destroy, it would seem, the very possibility of Xheir children ever coming to manliness and integrity, Vbut 'whose children escape in spite x-f parental pervenion, and come up to honor able and useful manhood ! And now many children are surrounded by parents who, Ihough they are exemplary, are overborne by anxiety, and who are afraid, not only of the devil in general, but of everything in par* Ucular— afraid of the least thing ; afraid of the shaking of the leaf; afraid of exposing their children to the slightest temptation ; and who bring up those children in such a way as to produce the impression on the chad's mind that the parent is burdened and untrustful, and has but little help from above. 33iat the parent expects that there is going to be some comfort hereafter the child is led to believe ; but there is no impression made .upon the child's mind that there is any expectation on the part of the parent of immediate relief. And to-day the Lord 3esus Christ stands in every nursery, and by Ihe ride of the cradle of every loving mother, and of every Christian father, and says, 'What is that to thee? Follow thou me.' and if you follow Christ, the fruits of that following— sweet peace, and rich content, and unbounded trust in God— will be the very elements, without any wisdom or manage* ment on your part, by which your children will be -brought out right. Do not, there lore, let your children disturb your settled peaoe. Do not let your trust be sacrificed through an unwise anxiety about those who are under your charge. Understand that the love of Christ in your soul is^the best means Bf bringing your children in the way they should go; let them seethe evidences and the results of true holiness in you. Your ?gentleness, your forgiveness, your patience, your' faith in the invisible, your trust in an unknown and unseen God, will be more preaching to them than all the didactic in struction which you can give them — though this should not be omitted. 5\. So it is with teachers of all kinds, with preachers pre-eminently, who are the teachers of the Lord, and with all who labor for men's religious education. They are in danger of emphasizing exterior things, and forgetting the true interior and spiritual elements. In all such instruction personal piety is the. sower of teaching. It is that which a man is between his soul and God that gives him cogency, and. under the Divine providence, ftrings forth fruit in others. It is quite possible for men to be busy with the outwardness of their work, for them to be given to a secular administration of it, and yet be conscientious, painstaking, faithful persons. But they will have very little comfort in it- And Christ would warm every such one, saying, of all this outward tietory, ' What is that to thee ? This is thy irasinesa— follow thou Me.' It should be a arord of caution, too, for busybodies in spiritual things— for there are busybodies in spiritual things as really as in things social and temporal, There are men who have adopted toe cant words of the day, and who are all the time talking about saving men's souls. The moment they are converted, they think that means that they are to be saving souls. And they pray about saving souls. And they exhort to the salvation of souls. They are constantly running around and trying to save men's souls. Christ would say to them. Save your own souls first.' To do that needs a great deal of care. It is far more important that a man should be built up in a holy and devout and deeply spiritual life, than that be should be running round for volun teers long before he himself understands the spiritual drill. And when men have been consecrated to the work of doing good, it is xar more important that they, having begun a Christian life, should be built up, than that there should be gathered in raw. recruits who know nothing. There be those who are overloading the church with crude material ; *na the church, like an overloaded wain, -groans with this erode material, which is in danger of spoiling in keeping. There be lhose who seem to think that the great work *f the ministry is to be the alarming and con vening of men, and thesaving of their souls. ?Wow, the way of salvation is throueh ttnetficataon, and he who would have the cure of souls should understand that to make men holy nho hav* begun .to be Christians, is. among other things, the most providential way of saving those who are not professors of religion. While I would not do anything which would take from yon enterprise ; while within due bounds and at discretion it is the duty of every Contain man, as God gives him opportunity, to save men, ' snatching them as brands from the burning, if they are in extreme peril, and by kind words at proper times win them to religious things ; and while I would not lighten the motives to this, I would caution you against making your re ligion to stand in this running about to save men's souls. Christ would say to you, under such circumstances, ' What is that to thee ? Follow thou Me.' Practice for a little while before you begin to preaoh to others. Following Christ personally, individually, as well as collectively, is our great business— not following Him in a certain way, sot following Him by incessant attendance at services and ordinances and ceremonies ; not following Him in externals ; but follow* ing Him in trust, in joy, in peace, in hope, in love, in faith in the invisible. And they are the best Christians who, fallowing Christ thus, follow Him the most closely. This is a severe test ; it is a different test from that by whichmen usually measure themselve, and itis a test which, if strictly applied, would destroy sectarians, mostly. May God grant that we may have this test by which to measnre our selves. We are not what we are by reason of our knowledge, nor by reason of our will power, but by the degree in which we repre sent and reflect the mind and will of the Lord Jesus Christ. Christian brethren, you are not safe because you are in this or that fold. You are not safe because of any cove nants or promises. You are not safe because of the fulfilment of any duties in this or that direction. Your whole hope, your whole safety, lies in this, that you are following Christ, and that His spirit and your spirit are in such sympathy with each other that He lives in you, and you live in Him. — ? 