INTERCOLONIAL CRICKET MATCHES. VICTORIA V. NEWS SOUTH WALES. [By Telegraph.] Melbourne, December 30. Saturday was the fourth day of the match, and these whose love of the game induced them to brave the scorching heat and battle with the dust of the field were, even though most uncomfortable in body, at least well rewarded by a very fine display of cricket in all its branches. Daring the whole of the day playersand spectators were alike subject to the greatest discomfort from the continuous clouds of dust rising from the football ground, which has during the last four days been tramped over by many thousands of persons, and sweeping over the cricket ground with blind ing effect. No rain having fallen to interfere with the state of the wickets, it was expected that the Victorians, who had five wickets down for 352, would make a bold bid for a total of 500. However, the """ pining five wickets fell for 68 additional runs. The score was exactly even with that of New South Wales when Bojle, the last man, went to the wicket, and it must be admitted that the mult ought to have been a tie. The Bast Melbourne captain was clean out of form. He immediately hit one slowly and straight to Bannerman at mid-off, and the majority of those present for the first tune in their existence saw the little wonder miss a catch, and that a remarkably easy one. Bofie being anxious to run gave the wicketke.*per an equally easy chance to run him out in the came over, bat Hall made a terribly bad shot at the wiik?U, although he was standing within about four or five yards and nearly in front of them. Again Boyle tempted fortune, and again the fiokle goddess smiled upon him. Garrett off his ovin bowling missed him as simply as Ban' nerman had dom>, bat Boyle shortly after, wards bitttrg bis wicket the Innings closed for 420, leaving the Victorians 8 runs to the good. Scott, who carried his bat out for 114, had played superb cricket on the first day, and on Saturday s>ave his tint and only chance when be bad made 102. Gsrrett bowled with considerable success, andcDn tidering the amount of work he was called upon to do, bowling 453 balls during the innings, faiiaverageof 6 wickets for 21 mas per wtrket is a remarkably good one. The New South Wales'ground fielding was as a>ood as their catching was bad. Jones and Bantter inan showed marked brilliancy, but the catches niisaed by Bsvnerman aa4 G-arrett fork Ike filt off tb? Now Snlth Wales field iig, although fortunately for the visitors they were not expensive in either caw. Hill at the wickets indulges io too many antics, and has a fatally bad habit of taking the ball cross-handed. Nothithstaudiug these defects the New South Wales wicket beeper worked hard, and at times on the Off aide showed some dexterity. Prob&bly; few of those who witnessed Saturday* pl?y thought it possible that the Sew Sjuth Wales team, who had previously defied the Victorian bowlers so successfully, could be dismissed in one afternoon. Yet such was the result. The first disaster was the dis missal of Murdoch Cor 22 by one of Palmer's fatal leg-breaks—a ball that few bitimen in either hemisphere can negotiate with any certainty. The unexpected down fall of the greatest living batsman had a palpable effect upon hu comrades, even Bannerman, who is uinally imperturable, being visibly disconcerted at the loss of the partner with whom he ha? often held possession of wickets for hours. The stone waller, however, who wect in lint, waa the seventh to go, and had played good cricket for 31 before he nkied one, and waa caught. Banner-man'* retirement was brought about by Midwinter, who caught him off his own bowling, bat in consequence of Blackham and Midwinter bath going for the ball and colliding B inner man stood a good show of being missed by both. Tae same bowler disposed of Evans splendidly, making a brilliant one- handed catch off his own bowling, and none of the other batsmen except Man- and Nunn offered any resistance. These two, however, made the respective scores of 29 and 24 by good sound cricket. Midwinter's bowling analysis is worthy of notice, his seven wickets only coating 53 runs, and more than half his oven being maidens. His total record now for the match is nine wickets for 123, or an average of 13-6 runs per wicket, which should make him sure of winning the bowling trophies, as Garrett, his most formidable op ponent, has op to the present six wickets for 126, or an average per wicket of 21 runs. Palmer bowled well, and did yeoman's service in dismissing three such batsmenasMordoch, Garrett, and Allan, and the remaining Vic torian bowlers had only a few balls each to ?pell Palmer and Midwinter. BUckham at the wickets achieved another notable neons, only five byes being scored in the N.S.W. second innings, and it wat a treat to ace him stomp Garrett when the batsman dragged a trifle outride his crease in playing forward. The Victorians generally improved very much in their fielding, McShane showing consider able improvement upon his former bad form, end Lewis and Scott calling forth applause nearly every over. The first Victorian bats men in the second innings had time only to play four maidens and ran a bye when stumps were drawn. The match will be resumed on Monday, Victoria having to make 136 to win, apparently an easy task if the weather remains fine, bat in the event of rain one by no means certain of accomplishment. The PtAY. Play was resumed at 11 o'clock this morn ing in the presence of a limited number of cpectatora. The weather was terrible; there waa % hot wind blowing and dost was flying in clouds across the ground. Scott and Walters, the not oat men, took their places at the wickets to the bowling of Evans and Garrett. After Walters had sent'Evans for 4 be was dean bowled by him, th? board showing 6—25—3E6. Blackham came next, but after making 3 fella victim toGarrett, who dean bowled him. 7—3—359. Palmer ailed the breach and rattled 10 np in quick time. He then drove Evans straight past the wicket and called on Scott to run. The latter, how ever, refused to stir, and Bannerman fielding splendidly, Palmer waa run oat. 8—10—376 McSbsne joined Scott, and the latter in Garrett's next over hit one straight back to the bowler, bat Garret de clined an easy chance. Scott at this time was 102, and up to now had not given a ghost of a chance. The fourth century appeared in due course amidst great cheering, McShane doing most of the scoring, Jones in the meantime bad relieved Evans. Bobs came slowly but surely, and 412 waa recorded, making Victoria a tie with New South Wales, when McSbane was dean bowled by Garrett 9-25-412. Boyle was the last man, and Scott played a maiden from both bowlers. The first ball Boyle got from Jonea be sent to the off in the air, giving Bannerman the easiest of chanoei. Seeing the ball going into the sura bands of Bannerman, the field commenced to ran to the pavilion, but wonderful to relate Bannerman allowed the ball to bounce oat Of fats hands. The next ball Boyle pl?yed to the eff and started to run. Evans fielded the ball nicely, and returned It to the wicket keeper, who, however, had to ran oat to get it, and threw it at the wicket, mining it in the softest nnww possible. Scott now cot Jones nicely in the sups for a quartette amidst great applause, thus topping the New South Wales score. Evans now relieved Jonea, and 420 appeared. After a few more overs Boyle bit wicket to one of Garrett's. 10-1—420. Scott carried oat his bat for 114. His waa a splendid innings, only maned by the chance recorded above. After the wicket bad been well rolled the Hew South Welshmen commenced their second innings by sending in Bannermanand Murdoch. Bonnor commenced the bowling from the pavilion end to Bannerman, who sent bis first to leg for a quartette. Boyle took the ball at the other end, sending down a maiden. 10 quickly appeared, and Horan relieved Bojle. When the 10018 stood at 23 an adjournment to lunch took place, Murdoch being 14, and Banner***"! 8. On resuming Palmer went on to bowl at the pavilion end and Midwinter at the other. The score was raised to 38, when Palmer clean bowled Murdoch by a beautiful leg break. 1—22—38. Jones succeeded, and longed oat at a leg-ball of Palmer's, knocking it into McDonnell's bands in the slips. The latter, however, declined the easiest of chances. 40 went op by singles. Palmer now bowled bis third successive maiden, and Jones, who faced him, narrowly escaped being bowled every ball Eventually Jones was bowled by Midwinter after "?>"> a wretched exhibition with the bat. 2-4—45. Moses joined Bannerman, and the latter bad a narrow escape of being run out. The partnership did not last long, as Moras was caught and bowled by Midwinter without scoring. 3-0-47. Evacs filled the breach, and SO shortly ap peared, Evans making two singles and Palmer being no-balled. After several on eventful overs Evans played Palmer to the on for a brace, and bit his next to leg for a quartette, and after an interval he got a single off Palmer, sending 60 up. Banner man cut the same bowler for a brace. Evans then let oat at an off ball of Midwinter's and lifted it grandly. Midwinter by a great effort madea]umpinthe air and effected a most magnificent one-handed catch. 4—11—02. Garrett followed, and after playing Mid winter uppiahly where mo one was present, drove him to the off for a brace, Bannerman reply ing by hitting Palmer to the square leg for a like number. Shortly after this Palmer bowled a no-ball to Garrett, who let out at it, eEd was caught by Blackham behind the wickets. 70 up. Garrett, however, did not hut long, as be played forward to Palmer, and wm splendidly stumped by Blackham. 5 1 70. Allen came next, only to be bowled by Palmer without scoring. 6—0—72. Nunn joined Banncrman, and these two ran up the score to 92, when the Utter tried to pull Mid winter to leg, with the result that be skied the ball high in the air towards mid-off. Three men ran for it, including Midwinter, who cannoned with BUckham. but managed to bold the balL 7—34—92 Baunerman pUjcd patient cricket for bis runs. M?rr was the next man. and he cut Palmer for a triplet and a brace, bringing the century up amidst applause. Both batsmen now settled down to work, and playing gcod cricket raited Ihe score to 122, when MiShace relieved Palmer. Midwinter in bis nest over bowled Nunn, who had been pla>ii-g food found cricket. 5—21—123. Cle> ye followed, ami with Marr raited the rccre tn 136, wb?n Midwinter bawled Cleeve. p— 2— 1." 0 Hall followed, and 140 appeared, prim i^allj ibrouph the agrocy of Marr, who, ho?i ver, after making 2U r poonrd Midwinter arid web caught by lloonar io the slips. 10— £9—143. ibe Victorians, with 136 to win, rent in Boyle and McShane, who played time out, oLly one bj c being run when stumps Were drawn. Stores: — VICTOBI* First Inning*. McDonnell, c Clean, b Qttntt .. .. — IS ttnfcnor, c Oarrett, b Jones -. 41 Bonn, b Ganelt I*B Ltvte. b. Oarrett — 15 bidvinter. c- Murdoch, b. Evan* _ .. — 18 Scott notoot ...... 1U Walters, b. Knns - .. .- - .. tt Blaikbam. b Oarrett _ .. S Palmer, ran cut. .. .. _ .. —ID MeVfaane. I b w.. b Oarrett.. .. _ ..86 Boyle, bit wicket, b Ganett ...... 1 SnsdiiM .._ — -_-. S Total ....____*? Bowllag Analjib. Sad*. Bsas.Kda*. Wkts. OaneftCrjc-bUl.lwidt) ?5t I*6 01 6 Cletve _ Ml 56 SO Marr ...... 96 SI 12 O ttoen IS 2 SO BtD?Hinaa .. .. M 17 1 Oj Alkfi (I no-ban) _ .SS is % ? Ji ok 12 no-balls) .. HO 67 U I *??? ...... tl ? 10 FtanaOaofcaU) -? 80s 61 S3 8 K*W SOUTH WALES. First iani?gi _ <U Beeoad Inning*. Htrrdoch,b. Palmer .. .._.._ 21 Bannennan. c and b. Midwinter .. .. _ 3* Jones, b. Midwinter _ ..... 4 Moses, c and b. Midwinter „ o Evans, c. and b. Midwinter .. .. _ ..11 Garrett, St. Blackham, b Palmer .. .. *.. 4 Allen, b. Palmer _ _ o Jt?nn, b. Midwinter - .. .. _ „ 24 Harr. c Humor, b. Midwinter 2? Cleere. b. Midwinter .. _ .. .. _ 2 Ball, not out .. -._...._? eondiiea 11 Total .. ......... .. IU Giand total „ .. _ _ .. m Biiwllng Amlyfcia. BalU. RansMdns. Wkt?. PaJnur (! no-balls) .. 198 fit si S Midwinter (1 no ImII) _ £93 63 27 7 Bcjle „ 12 8 2 0 Boniior(? widen) ..20 8 C 0 MeMuce H 1 10 Hoi an _ .. _ 8 1 10 