A SPKING POETESS. And now Sub got IIeii Wobk.in on tub .HoiiSB-Eniroit. • 'Is the real editor in ?' A fairly good-looking young liuly stood in the door-way and glanced around the apartment in an inquiring fashion. 1 Wo don't keep any supposititious oditors on this paper/said tho horse- roporter." 'Well, I. want to see the real editor/ con tinued the young lady—■' ono that has got authority:&nd; can do something/ . ~ * Most any of them can do something/ was the reply, * if you lot thom tell it, but about hating authority, that's different— they're protty much all married.' * Who has charge of the poetry?' contiuuod the young lady. — "Alio janitor, mostly, although ho doesn't clean lhotwiudows often enough to keep the stock reduced and give all tho poets a fair chanco.' 'I have written a poem which I should like to see printed, because it's my favourite papor; papa has taken it for twonty years/ 4 Yes, wo know all about that/ said tho horse reporter. ' .Kvurybodv that comes along with a spavined ,old poem has a wild infatuation for this papor, and the amount of desultory affec tion that has been vicariously lavished on this powerful organ of public opinion would make your head swim. What kind of a poem is this, anyhow ? Is iL something about " Wo shall never meet again, Arthur, never moot again, till tho bloom is on tiio heather, and spring chiekon's turned to hen ?"—because if it is wo don't want it. there's more heather-bloom and " see the rosobud's bursting beauty" j poetry around here now than you can shake a stick at- What we want just now is some* thing that will jibe with tho season—no " oh, thei merry, mor.-y Slay-tiaio, with its wealth of floral bloom," bub a verso or fcvro that has a contemporaneous human interest, su;h as— . " Beat tho carpet gently, pma; Do not Blug it quite so hard; Tor you never can replace it " . . ;Short of eighty couts a yard." ' ' Bo you think that ia nice poetry? * asked the young lady; ; 1 Well, there isn't much " I am wandoring by the brooksido," or Cl Hark, the lark, his note ii trilling "business about it,,but it's good, ser viceable rhyme that appeals to tho ovory "day- natiiro of psople-^-a sorb -of frco-for- all Pierian spring at which alike the rich and poor 1 mav quaff without stiot. Poetry that goes right into the.family circle and strikes a com mon chord in the heart of all humanity is . what's going to take tho cake from this time on. j Something like— Don't forget the garden hose; \- , ' •• uiuuug u.iuy s nose; 1: ut tho looking-glass and tooth-brush safe away j Hero is Lulu's other bustlo; : Oomo now, girls, get up and bustlo; we are moving - it's the merry month of Slay.' 'My poem is about tho spring time, too/ said the young la iy, ' but is different from that,' ' How does it go?' The poet producod a roll of manuscript, and read as follows: I sst beside the atroamlet, * I watchod tho water flow. As wo together watched it One little year ago: The soft rain pattered on tho leaves, . Tho April grass was wet. Ah!'tis folly to remember; 'Tis wiser to forgot. The nightingale made vocal June's palace paved with gold; I wntcliod the roso you gave mo - Its warm red heart unfold; But breath of roso and bird's song . Woro fraught with wild regret, 'Tis inodnc*s to remember; 'Twere wisdom to forget; : 'Now, in the first stanza of yonr poem,' said the friend of-Earus, * it tells about your sitting by the creek. ./Then it taya that the soft rain, pattered on the loaTee,! and the April grass was wet, doesn't it?' ' -' Yes, sir,' replied the poet. . ' I hope you had your gum shoos along, sis, because there is nothing sadder than lovely woman with a cold in her bead. When catarrh comes in at the window love flies out at the door. . And then, after, fixing the date of your aqueous excursion to the scene of your former reveries as being in April, you go on and tell a ghost story about the nightingalo making vocal June's palace paved with gold. Now, I don't know anything about June's palace, or what it is paved with, but when you get to night ingales I am in the front row. This is a Chicago poem and ought therefore to have some kind of topo graphical harmony about it. Wo might over* look the sitting by the streamlet part, on the ground that you ha i the catarrh, and couldn't smell the only, stream in this vicinity. Poetic licenco would 'cover that, but the • nightingale racket won't work.'" ' " ; 'Well, really, sir, -I thought it was a good poem. Mamma thought so, too.' 'Your mother is doubtless an estimable person,'•* said the horse-reporter j ' but is a rule the judgment of the gentle sex is more valuable in connection with how to compound bandoline, -or the most approved method of doing up back hair so as to make'it look like their own, than when matters of a.purely literary character are under consideration.' ; 'Then you can't print my verses?' said the young lady, ..." . 1 Ob, yes, fchoy will bo printed.* ' Thanks. Will they he sure to go in if you say so?' 'Yes.'. 'Well, I don't know. You seem rather young to have such n responsible position.' 'You remomber what Socrates said,* replied the horsc-doctor.. '" Young men for war; old men for counsel "—in divorce cases.' 'Good-day, sir,' said .the poet. . 'Bon jour,' replied the horse-reporter. 'I don't , know* what bon jour means, but tho literary editor always says it, and when it comes to talking anything but United States he is a larce white daisv with a yellow spot in the -Chicago. Tribune. . Few women arc blessed with the gift of occasional silence. Miirr ft dry .time Jn business is helped out by o heavy due. . Aor is venerable in man, and would bo in •,woman~if ever she becauio old. V XoffB1 language is wholly uncalled for," as tbo publisher told the author whose works failed to sell. Tus young skipper who takes a party of girls out sailing should content ^himself with hug ging the'shore. A fastidious youth explains that kisses are better enjoyed after dark, because thoy taste better than they look. A boy who was kopt after school for bad orthography excusod himself to his parents by saying that he was spellbound. ' Mamma.' said little Daisy,' who was Olmr* lotto Kusse?' 1 Oh, she was oue of those old queens that wero always making trouble,' an swered iramma. A>'old bachelor savs,' It is all nonsonso to pretend that lore is blind. 1 never yet knew a tnnn in love that did not see leu times as much in his sweetheart as I could.' Whe.v Dr. Chapman was dining at an hotel, lie was served with what was called barley soup on the bill of faro. ' That is not. barley soup,' said lie to tho waiterj 'it is barely soup.' • PiiOTKsson, looking at his watch : ' As wo have a few minutes, I shall be glad to answer any question that anyouo may wish to ask.' Student: 'What time is it, please?'. The latest tiling in cradles : The new baby. Swell » '1 want you to make me a short coat without tails or seams in the back. ' Do you know what I mean?' German tailor: * Taos, yaas, I know vat you vant. You .vant a strait jacket.' ' How do" you' pronounce s-t-i-n-g-y ?' Prof Stearns asked the young gentleman nearest the. foot of the class. And the smart boy stood up and said it depended a great deal whether the word applied to a man or a bee. Tub happiest moments in a woman's life are when she is making her wedding garments. The saddest, when her husband comes home late at night, and yells to her from the front steps to throw him out some keyholes, assorted ! sizes. A- •' | 'Plbasb tell me what the tlmeiB?' asked a little boy of an apothecary, who was much 1 troubled by such inquiries.. 4 Why, I told you the time but /a momont ago I' snipped the ■ 'Va.' saS/1 flia Krtr ttn# 1R apothecary. 'Yes,' said the boy,'but this is for another woman.' Turning theib Cheee.—-A new plan of I action distinguished tho Parisian police du'ing the recent demonstration. They formed a barricade of omnibuses in tho Hue St. Honorc. I No wonder everything passed off so peaceably when they met1 a blow with a but (j).'—Funny Folks, . . 1 Two English girls^are romping with boister ous laughter in a hotel at Nice. Then comes the ' shocked matron: 4 For heaven's sake, Mabel, don't! They'll take you for one of those horrid American girls.1 One of this sweetly designated class, chancing to overhear, says gently: 41 guess not, with those awfully big feet.' ' 4 Weil,' remarked a young American M.D., just from college,11 suppose the next thing will be to hunt a good location, and then wait for something to do, like "JPatience on a monu ment.' '' 4 k ei,1 said a bystander j * and it won't be long-after you do begin until the monuments will be on the patients.1 Bishops and Pbbaching.—Dining at the house of a gentleman where the Bishop of ' wm present, Foote was in high spirits, and talked immoderately, when the bishop, being angry at the. entire usurpation of the talk by Foote, after waiting for some time, said, '.When will that player leave off preach ing?1 ' Oh- mv lord ' mnlioi^ PnAtA * flw ing ?' 4 Oht my lord," replied Foote, 4 the moment £ am made a bishop.' A Fbbnch lady (says Funny Folks) has just I died at the age of nicety, and in consideration | of her physician's unremitting care left him by : will the contents of an old oaken chest of large ! dimensions. When examined it was found to contain all the drugs prescribed for her during the twenty years previous to her death. .She had taken them all, no£in, but to her chest! -A cocnteyiiax, with his bride, stopped at a hotel the other day. At dinner, when the waiter presented a bill of fare, the young man inquired, 1 What's that ?' 4;Bill of fare, sir,' replied the waiter. The countryman took 1 it in his hands, looked inquiringly at his wife and then at the waiter, and finally dircd His hand into his pocket and inquired,4 How much is it ?' 4 What a well-dressed gentleman that ia!' remarked a stranger from Onion Creek, as a gentleman in an elegant turnout dashed down Austin Avenue. 4 Yes; but he just lives from band to mouth.' 4 Why, that's very singular! He don't look as if he was in straitened circum stances.1 4 There is nothing singular in his liring from hand to mouth. He Is tho leading dentist in the place." At a Yorkshire railway station, not long since, a porter promptly offered tha Bishop of Sodor and Man all possible assistance with his luggage. 4 How many articles, your lordship ?' 'Thirty-nine,' said the bishop, with a sly twinkle in his eye. 'That's too many, I'm afraid,' replied the man, in good faith. ' All,* said the bishop, 41 perceive your area Dis senter.' Jones was an old bachelor, whoso temper was not the sweetest, and he did not like to be questioned. The other evening, just as supper was ready, he went out,-and kept it waiting half an hour. When he came back, the land lady said sharply: 4 Well, hlr. Jones, why did you go out just previously before supper in that way?' 4Because, madoino,' he said, 'I can't go out just previously aftersupper in that way.' The landlady closed her mouth for repairs. Mb. Peet, a. rather diffident mau, was un able to prevent himself from being introduced one evening to a fascinating young lady, who, misunderstanding his name, constantly ad dressed him as Mr. Peters, much to the gentle man's distress. Finally, summoning courage, he bashfully but earnestly remonstrated: 4 Oh! don't call me Peters; call mo Peet.' 4 Ah, but I don't know you well enough, Mr. Peters,' said the young lady, blushing. Mobk Ornamental tha* Useful.—Some years ago Lady B., the wife of a newly- created knight of a manufacturing town, saw in the house of a leader of feminine fashion some elegant bottines, tho production of an A1 Lon don shoemaker. Struck by their style and boiuty, she eagerly asked for tho man's address, with which she was furnished, and forthwith ordered*4 balmorals,' in shape, material, and workmanship exactly like a particular pair she had admired in the possession of tho leader of fashion aforesaid. The boots came; fitted to perfection j were worn at night; token off, put aside, aud again asked for next day. Alas, they were completely worn out! The shoe maker was sent for. ' Thoso boots I received but yesterday,' said Lady B. indignantly, 4 are already gone, and I only walked in them for two hours.' ' Walked, my Udyr ' replied tho astouished Crispiu, ' walked! They have in deed been misapplied, ill-treated- My 'boots are nover intended to bo walked in ; and for two hours, too, preposterous t They are made to decorate the feet, to look pretty; but to wetir. never l - -Ltiiaon Society. 