The Wagga Weights. " 0>"e down, t'other cooio on !" is a well- known boxing war-cry — no allusion to the thusly-called Salvation Army rag— and tbe nhmsn 19 narticularlv unnlicible to raciiKr. for no sooner is one meeting over than attention baa to be turned to auotber new approaching tryet. Flemington is now a thine of the past, and tho excellent sport provided at W&gga; by the go-ahead Hurrumbidgee Turf Club demauda tbe immediate attention of horse- owners, the dates of runniog being tho 21st, 22nd, and 23rd inst. Weights for tho rich W&gga; Gold Cup, as well as for the Grand Stand Haudic&p;, Hurdle Race, and Steeple chase were issued on Monday, and will be found in the columns on our ioner page specially devoted to such information. General Entries aro due the day after to morrow (Friday, 10th inst.), when all entrance monies must be paid ; and accept ances must be declared next Tuesday, 20tb 1091. The always well-conducted Bendigo Races aro also to tho fore in a fortnight, and the weights for tbe principal events are out to-day. Tbe capital list of nomina- tionp, which was some time since made public, bids fair for large fields at the post ; and it is heartily to be hoped that tbe stables engaged will so approve of their treatment by the handicapper as to bear out the promise. I shall aoalyse tho various chances next week, and in the meantime remind all concerned that General Entries are duo on Friday. Entries for tbo complimentary meeting to bo held at Caoterton, in honour of Mr. J. B. Pearson — the president of the club, who is about leaving tho district— must be made to-day, and it is to be hoped that the regard and esteem in which this gentleman is held by the racing community of Victoria will be evinced by & numerous nomination. Metro politan owners who may have forgotten or neglected to enter their horses, owing to the excitement of the late V.R.O. Carnival, have ample time to do so by telegram directly this reminder meets their eye. Tee Allendale programme requires atten tion from those interested in this country gathering, as entries close to-day. Nabaxdeiu acceptances must reach the secretary, Mr. Williams, before 4 p.m. this afternoon, general entries being due on the 27th. Tee Bairnsdale Handicaps close on Tuesday next, 20th inst., there being two flat and two hurdle races whioh require looking after. Tee V.A.T.C. committee have issued their bill of fare for the customary Boxing Day fixture at Caulfield, and the most of its items must meet the approval of those who desire to earn their stable expenses. Whether, however, tbe possessors of fortunate perform- iug youngsters will like the scale of weights — with its accompanying penalties and maiden allowances— as adopted for the Juvenile Stakes, is somewhat doubtful. For instance, colts have to carry 9st., and fillies Set. 111b., and, the winner of the Maribymong Plate having to put up 101b. extra, the light- made Iolanthe would have to hump tbo crusher on a two-year-old of 9st. 71b., whilst the defeated first favourite, in the same raoe, the powerfully-built Garfield, oould claim 101b. for never winning, aud thus meet her at the startling disparity in a weight-for-age oontest of 1st. 4lb. One very wise provision, however, will oommend itself to notico— viz., " no horse that has received 100 sovs., or upwards, from a publio stake shall bo entitled to a maiden allow ance and this, of course, justly affects the placed division in the recent Flemington flatter. Tbe date of nomination is the 26th November, and I shall draw notice thereto in our issue the week previous. The following fixtures have been aeleoted for next year at Caufield, and secretaries of clnbs will do well to take note thereof, in order to prevent clashing, viz. 9nx February 16tb August 15th March Hte October 19ik Atril ISrs October 21siJutc 2Cte Decsxbeb. Amoxgst the sporting inoidents of the past few days may well bo mentioned the arrival and exhibition in Melbourne of that past hero of tho colonial turf, The Barb, who gained third honours— despite his twenty summers and winters— at last week's National Agricultural Sooiety'e Exhibition. The anoient " black demon" still looks quite fresh aud gay, and it was worth travelling a thousand miles to witness tbe delight evinced by hie former (and equally well-preserved) owner, Mr. John Tait, when conning over his old favourite in tbe Show Grounds. Repebmsq to the said Show— held for the first time iu the Society's beautiful new site overlooking the V.R.C. course— it behoves mo to state amougst my to-day's topics that Mr. De Lancy Forth secured first prize and the Champion Medal in the thoroughbred entires' class with Columbus, and tbe Messrs. Cripps second honours with Motea. Nor must I omit mention of Mr. Roberts having Boccaccio placed' at the head of tbe Trotting Sires, though Mr. J. J. Miller followed close with Honesty. Mn. E. De Mestre has declared his intention to shortly retire altogether from the turf, and, should ho persist in tho idea, an early announcement will be made of tbe dis tribution by auction, of his extensive breed ing and facing stud. That tbe Terrara squire, with his " block and all black," should no longer be part and parcel of the Australian turf, eeems to zne like <( bread without ealt," and I sincerely hope he will forego tbe notion. However, should it be otherwise, I trust euch prices will be realised for his blue-blood stock as may reward him for the years he has devoted to selecting the choicest and truest running strains. Since penning ths above paragraph, posi tive proof of the intimation it conveys is to hand, for Messrs. Yuille and Co. announce that they will offer for sale to-morrow, at the Pastoral Hotel, Newmarket, the pick of Mr. DeMestre'a racing stud now in victoria training, consisting of Navigator, Coir, Ike, Ac. This sudden determination will rather startle the many visitors from tbe sister- colonies now in Melbourne, as well as our own turfites, and there should be a keen competition for such choice running blood as there is now such an unexpected op portunity to secure. Navigator must have a big look-in for the Champion Race next autumn, for which he has evi dently been specially reserved during the present spring ; and Coir is the regular cut of a Derby colt As for Ike, he lias shown us during the present meeting what sort of cut-and-come-agaio customer he is. For full pedigree and particulars of the eercral lots to come under tbo hammer, enquiring and intending purchasers are referred to the advertisement on our inside page. After Mr. De Meetre's horses have passed the rostrum, Aide-de-Camp and Hawkes- bury, the property of Mr. H. J. Bowler will be brought to the hammer, and the forward running of the former in the Cup and tbo V.R.C. Handicap should ensure a strong competition, whilst the family connections of the latter ought to make her an admirable addition to any breeding stud. During tbe afternoon, also, the fast mare Raillery, by King of the Ring out of Repartee, is to be put up. " Revenge is sweet," quoth tho proverb, and some of our Victorian breeders may well feel a cynical satisfaction in tho strange circumstance that, on tho very same day when a Maoriland-raised colt won tho Mel bourne Cup at Flemiogton, a Tasmanian- born nag should have gained the honours of the New Zealand Cup on the Christcburch Oourse. Verily, tho ins-and-outs of racing are as full of startling incidents as any romantic novel conceived by an Ouida or a Braddon. And talking of the above two winners, it merits mention that both were got by im ported sires, Martini-Henry being by Musket, the properly of the N. Z. Stud Company, and Tasinan by St. Albans, now very appro priately owned by Air. James Wilson. Xaeuian has now won somewhere about of a score of handicaps, at different distances and weights, but it was always considered hitherto that he preferred a shorter journey than two miles. Tho ncat-mado little Prodigal, in Mr. F. F. Dakia's stable, is his full brother. Tee committee of management of the St. Aruaud racecourse have applied to the Minister of Agriculture— in whoeo depart ment all matters connected with recreation reserves are conducted— for a grant of £200 towards improving and fencing the area under their control, and it is hoped that this sum, or a substantial portion thereof, may be furnished out of tbe balance of monies voted for publio parks and gardens. By cablegram from England cornea the uewe of the Liverpool Cup, tbe last impor tant event of the turf season at home, having been won by a horse belonging to the son- in-law of our esteemed Governor the Marquis of Normanby, whilst the "runner-up" is the property of Mr. " Grand Flaneur" Long, of Sydney. It is somewhat singular, also— iu a race of euoh note— that both first and second should have been chestnut geldings, the one being Boswell, by Rever beration, and the other Tonans, by Thunder who reoently filled the fame cloee but disappointing position in the great Cambridgeshire Stakes at Newmarket. Mr. Long must be wondering what's the matter that his usual Australian luck has not stuck to him in the old country. Tee popular and deserving jockey Paddy Pigott— wno met with so terrible an accident when Delusion was killed by colliding with Tho Plunger— is getting on wonderfully well, as I greatly rejoice to record, all danger being now over. That a report to the contrary, however, should have appeared in tbc Special Cup Edition of the Sfobtsuan, on the Monday after the Saturday mishap, is a matter for sincere regret. Happily, the error was rectified in a large portion of the issue. Thank goodness, the twice-told rider of a Melbourne Cap winner did not receive such severe internal injuries as at first feared, and I hope to see him steer his way to many a future victory. In the Steepleohase run over the Morphet- ville course, near Adelaide, on Prince of Wales' Birthday, a horse named Regal fell so heavily as to break two of his legs, and was therefore shot as quiokly as possible. His rider, Monroe, fortunately escaped with out injury. Mr. John Tait— who if possible looks younger and brisker than he did some quarter of a century ago— received the hearty congratulations of bis countless friends on Guy Fawkes Day, the veteran of our Australian raoe- oourses having acknow ledged the famous 5th of November to be the 6Stb anniversary of his birth. Now, I do not wish to insinuate doubts as to the actual age of mv evergreen friend, not being £xactly a turf ohioken myself ; but methinks that " honest John," like Topsey in the novel of Uncle Tom's Cabin, was never born, but growed." At any rate, all the oolonios will re-echo my fervent wish that coming celebrations of the natal date he claims may be prolonged far far into the 19th century. Immediately after the doubtful- looking , riding of Huxley, in tbe V.R.C. Derby, he reoeived his congi from Mr. A. F. Smart, who had him engaged as permanent first jookey. ; The name of the late George Coulthard, as an able athlete and umpire on the crioket and football field, will long be remembered, and his early death regretted ; nor will those wbo were best acquainted with him in life be sorry to learn that a Carlton association of right good fellows— known as tbo "Rabbit Club" — have arranged to shortly give a concert and ball lor tho benefit of his widowed wife and fatherless family. The kindly affair is to come off in the capacious Orderly Room, at Carlton, on Friday, 30th inst., and tickets can be obtained from Mr. W. C. Donaldson, the R.O. Secretary, and other friends of the departed. Despot bad a mishap in tbo race for the Melbourne Cup, having collided eo heavily with Aide-de-Camp, at the first turn towards the river, as to severely injure his round bone and to nearly come down on his nose. He never was able to regain the excellent position he then held, and had to be taken away to his stable so lame as to necessitate the early services of a veterinary surgeon. His fond trainer, Mr. Fennelly— who had a big stake on him, and the owner a still larger — still think the grey half-brother to Democrat might haye "done tho trick," despite the great Martini-Homy, such excellent trials had the pair bad in company. a lokdon cablegram, dated 22nd October states that:— "Count Batthyany, the well- known sportsman and owner of racehorses, has been killed In a duel at Teraeswar, in Hungary." As it is only a few weeks since that tbe sadden death of Count Batthyany— owner of the famous Derby winner Galopin — on Newmarket Heath, after the running of the Two Thousand Guineas, our colonial-born sporting readers will naturally wonder how a ghost could not only fight an opponent, but depart this life a seeond time. For their enlightenment, therefore, I beg to mention that the late " self-made target" — as au opponent to duelling once termed the man who goes out to be shot at— was either a nophew or a cousin (I forgot which) of tho aged Hiingariao nobleman who had so long been identified with the English turf, and his racing doings were on Austrian aod German courses. Mr. Andrew Town's annual sale of the Richmond yearlings, at Hobartville— which ia now rightly deemed one of the most interesting items of the racing season — is announced for Thursday, 17th January, and tbe date is so happily chosen as to come between the firtures of our own Victorian Betting Club's Meeting at Fiemingtoa on tbo 12th of the same mouth aud that of the Sydney Turf Club at Kandwick on the 2Gtb. It is too soon to pass any com ments on the strains or the quality of tbe youngsters to be offered to public competition by Mr. Clibboru, but I shall take good core to have my say in proper time. 