' IHovclist. ? HARRY BLOOMFIELD ; 'v . .oil, THKVAUVKNTUUEH OF AN HAUL* AUSTRALIAN hquattisii. BY ANGUS M'LEAN. .'?if. v . (Continued.) This was a dangerous and awkward cluvrgo to entrust to mo, and I wished in my heart that the delieato conlidcnce had been placed ill some moro disinterested hands, for I found my heart in a strange place' ot excite ment aftor tho lato interview with tho beauti ful Sydnoy girl. My great disappointment at Edith's inconsistency — the proof of which I had that day road from hor own lettor to my msier — msugaioa mo suuaoii revolution in my feelings towards Winnie Graem. Hero was a charming creature, equally if not more beautiful and accomplished than the ono who deserted 1110, and, as I suspected, she loved 1110 more passionately and devotedly than ovor Edith had. But how was I to act in the present juncturo ? Would I become a traitor to my friend Hamilton, who had placed such unbounded conlidenco in my fidelity. It was a hard struggle, and' -the temptation I feared; was beyond my power of withstanding . vor resisting. But lost my friend should sus poet anything, some unfortunate voice whis .... pored that I should go ofton to visit Miss '. Union). ' - -? 'I thank you for tho confidence you place in mo, Hamilton,' said I, ' but theso love affairs aro rather delicate subjects to intcrforo with. However, I shall use lny advocacy in your favour so faf as is consistent with my own oonscionco.' 'That is right, Bloomfiold ; I shall expect 110 moro. And now before wo parti trust you will visit my unolo Graem' any leisure hour you find, for I have so many engagements that you cannot expect mo to accompany you always, especially at business hours.' I took leave of my friend, and directed my steps toward my hotel, where an invitation to tho Governor's ball awaited mo. I visited Graem's frequently, for I found myBolt irresistibly attracted to the enchanted bowor, where I ' freely drank intoxicating draughts of love. I became a great favourite with tho rest of the Graem family, for Hamil ton's salto, among whom wero young beautiful flowers budding, but none promising such charms as the eldest displayed. I lived in Elysium during tho fow days which preceded the Governor's ball, and Edith Mowbray was almost entirely- banished from my meniorv ; but onco or twice when I thought of her a sudden pang shot through my heart, and an involuntary sigh oscapcd me, plainly telling jno that alio still held a deop holdon my affec ..lions. I had not betrayed tho trust placed in 1110 by Hamilton by a word. I faithfully advo cated his cause, but without avail. Winnie, .instead of inclining towards him, daily widened ... tho breach, and at last actually forbade my introducing the subject at all. Alas for human nature. This resolve 011 her part pleased , rather than disappointed 1110, for I had now ... more .proof of tho reason by which she was actuated. ?v- ;I folt flattered and lost; , ;? ?? CHAPTER XXX LI. ' * . ' MB OOVEllNOlt's DAMi. The much-tttlkod-of ball at length arrived, at which- Her Majesty's now roprcsontativo in Viotoria entertained llie then S/ite of khecolony. Mnchspeculatibnliad boon indulged in of lato in Melbourne as to tho impression which the uowly-arrivcd'Govornor would make 011 the public. ? His popularity in tho colony, it was known, would entirely depend on 'sagacity and good government, qualities whioh his pre decessor had failed to manifest. Elaborate preparations, were made in the shape of pur chasing drosses, especially by '.the fairer por -. tion of tlio community, for tho grand occasion. ... I an ivodinodei atcly cai-Iy at Goverment Houso, tho ball-room was fitted out for the occasion ... in maguiiiccnt style, and all the arrangements , weio carried out with taste and completeness. . The ladies :woio diossed in a gorgeous and expensive stylo ;? but I was not a littlo proud to \- ; obacrvo that the lovely Miss Graem excelled ? thom all iu beauty and brilliancy. Tlio notico she atti acted before sho had long arrived was y manifested among tlio group of 'gciillemon .. , around mo. ? ' Who is sho said 0110. My- oyc3, what a stunnor!' exclaimed another. - What a glorious orcature. Does any ono know her namo?' askod' a third. -' ? -,' Ask Bioomfield there,' remarked 0110 of .. uiy acquaintances; and an eager crowd at - onco gathered round ino,-pro3sing 1110 for tho ivishcd-for information. I answered with as sumed indifference— ' . _ , ^ 1'now about tho lady is that hor namo in Miss Graem, , and that she , is a Sydnoy native.' ' : v . ? ? , . ...'Byjingo,' .saidono, 'I oftcnhourd of Lho ? beautiful Sydnoy. natives, but novor until this . inoniont had such proof.' :. .'Blooinllold ;1S a lucky dog to be ac quainted with such a rave beauty,'- whispored another. Hamilton came near at Lhis 1110 mailt, when I stepped to ono sido with him. His first observation was — ' Doosn't Winnie look.well to night, Bloom ? field? ' -f ?' y ? ' Sho looks oharining, Hamilton. All tlio gentlemen present are struck with her beauty, :So that you inubtlook sharp after your prizo.' _ 'I think that you. ought to assist, 1110111 tho \- .Yiofcnoo-. of . tho, fair, oiladel, Bloomlield, and : : ciiooopoliso hor company whon I.atn not near, ? for l would tiro lior by pressing my company . , ioo ijjiich; and besides, you aro gotling an im iinonso favourite witlrhor,' ' Poor Hamilton,' I thought, 'you arenot so. doop.in lovo matters as you ' arc in logal ; othct ii'ise you wojild not lely so much on your ? iriond'fl , assistance.' I felt for tliomoinont a fltrong conviction that I was not dealing lion-' , . Gstly with my friend. But, alas I tho conscicn- ? nous soniplosoon vanished -when I foundmy : ? ««lf ongaged witli. Winnio'in tlio manes of the exciting dance. Oh ! the delirium of those delioious moments aB wo whirled round tlio . V brilliantly-liglited hall.. . Tho consciousness , , that I was loved in return by the acknowledged ' - -if X ' - belle ol the bull, whose da/./.ling loveliness ui trnoted so much, attention, was suHiciont to ?break down the barrier of reserve whioh I had constructed for tho sake of my friend Haniil Lon. I shall leavo my caso in tho hands of a jury of bacliolors, who may havo found thom solvos whirling in tho danoo undor. cirouni stances similar to my own. I could not help acknowledging my lovo. Several times tlio , iinagoi of Edith iMowbray appeared- to; my ? mind's oyo ; but rohiemboring 'how cruelly sho had desortod 111c, pride each time camo to my relief. All 1': I' thought, 'would sho wore hero now; to see tho charming creature ..that leans on my ariiv and return tho nlToc tion which silo has spurned.' ; Twice I- imagined; whilo meditating thus, that I caught a glimpso of the doop-bluo oyes ? which had kindled my boyish lovo, and tho samo- gracoful figure in the person of a lady who whirled with her partnor near us ; but I was too full of my own thoughts ,to tako much notico of the resemblance. I remember pausing for a fow- seconds to re3t, and alsq to givo my partnor abetter op portunity of replying to my ardont.proposals. ? My arm supporting hor waist, and lior left hand rested upon my shoulder, : whilo the othor was detained by 1110. Thus wo stood back out of tho courso of the dfincors. I bent my faco close to hor oar, saying — ? I shall bo vory proud, Winnie, of ongaging -the greatest boauty hero this evening if she will only say tho littlo word that my heart is yearning to hear.' Sho blushed and bant down her oyos, as it shunning tlio gazo' of somo ono behind, in which direction her oyos woro turned, Without replying to my question. ' What do you say, lovely one ? Am I thon mistaken in your affection ? for pity's sake, relievo mo out of my rnisory.' A gentlo pressuro of both hor hands inter rupted tho protestation, and she whispered — ' Tho lady behind will ovorhoar. Sho is casting suspicious looks towards you.' I changed my position a littlo in order to faco a lady and gentleman who I know wore standing like ourselves out of tho dance to rest, when my oyos encountered tho same orbs which had Hashed upon mo several times in tlio waltz. Was it dreaming or was it tho ghost of Edith Mowbray which stood before me? r was transfixed — unable to movo or articulate a word. A stifled scream proccodod from the lady, who but for her partner's as sistanco would havo fallen. Hor cheeks be came very pale, and sho appeared as it about to faint. Iter partnor assisted hor out of tho saloon, whilo I stood whore I had first scon hor in a most porfoct stato of bewilderment. Winnio gazed at 1110 in uttor astonishment, and hor words,' ' C01110 into tho air,' brought 1110 to my senses. ' Willingly,' I replied, conducting hor incehanically through the throng ot loungers. ' Do you know who that lady is ?' sho en quired eagerly. 'I think I do; but I am not certain,' I re plied evasively. ' I noticed hor sovcral times watohing us during tho waltz. But what a lovely woman sho is,iar handsomer than poor 1110, although' you flatter 1110 so,' said sho, slightly pouting.' ' Sho is not handsomer Winnio ; of that I am positive ; but hero comos your cousin, and I10 will find out who sho is.' Whon tho question was put to Hamilton, I10 exclaimed — 'Bless you, that was Miss Mowbray, a connection ot tho Governor's by marriage. Why, everybody is crazy about hoi- beauty. I hoard a lot of fellows arguing- whether she or a certain other lady I know is the hand somer, and opinion scorned to bo divided. But I believe she is engaged , lo tho Private: Secretary, Mr. Stanley, who is a ncphow of tho Governor. Why, what is tho mattor with you, Bloomfiold ? You look as i£ you had seen a ghost.' . : After leaving Winnio willi her - mother, Hamilton and I stopped into the refreshment room. I now romoinbored, that although I. had told him of my disappointed lovo and tho fickleness of my fair one. I had novor mon-; tioncd hor name. Now whon he was apprised of tho facts I10 manifested great surprise. That Miss . Mowbray was still single confoun ded us, nor could wo account for the mystery. ' Why, sho has repented, Bloomfiold ; you'll find that out yet. Tho follow appears to bo quite spoony about her, 'sticking to hor like a leech sinco thoy entered the hall ; but sho docs not seem to care vory much for him.' ? 'What is' lie like,' Hamilton? _ I was so confounded that I Tiever nttticod his looks.' . ' Why, I must confess he is a ? liandsomo follow, but not so manly in appearance to my. fancy as you are.' . . Our conversation was interrupted by several friends entering tho room, : amongst whom was the Colonial Treasurer, who came near mo, saying with a significant smile— . : 'Hullo, lilooirliold, you must bo in high favor lioro. Tho Governor's private secretary was inquiring whether a gentleman of your namo was . at tho ball to- night, ; when I ! answored'liiin in tlio affirmative. IIo wa&,also, ; enquiring about some other name which I ft-r- , got ; but on hearing who you woro he was satisfied. I expect to hoar you boing sent for ono of theso fine days.' I guessed tho reason of the private secre tary's enquiries about me, although I did not satisfy tho Treasurer on the subject. The re action which suddenly took placo in my feel ings 011 beholding Edith Mowbray so unex pectedly was most extraordinary. Although I had wished : her present several times that evening to witness my conquest of tho beauti ful Miss Graem,, and to sec with what , indif ference I treated her, inconstancy, when sho actually stood beforo 1110 I folt liko a criminal, especially when I suspected that sho understood what had passed between my charming partner and myself. However, on revolting to her -letter I considered myself quito justified in my conduct and perfectly free. ' I debated with my self on tho subject while returning to tho ball room, ? where I- beheld tho object ? of my ? thoughts. ? Mr. Stanloy was still in her com pany, or rather was lior partnor in a danco. On the noxt dance being about to-begin the gontlo man, after a whisper from Miss Mowbray, ap proached mo, introducingljiniself, and'adding: 'I havo tho pleasure of informing you that I am commissioned by Miss Mowbray to pre-: sent her compliments, and ask that you will favor her with your company, as sho' has Bomo news for you from your friends at home.' ' ? '? ? , ? I ^observed that Miss Mowbray had left-tho: hall when Stauloy camo to-mo i with tho.' mes- sage, and .when I accepted ? the- invitation -sho conducted me lo a small apartment' or, privato room. On entering .he- announced my namo, formally introducing 1110 to Miss Mowbray, and thon quitted us. , Edith was standing in the contro of tho floor, and approachod ino with a' sad kind! of smilo, saying — . ' I am happy to seo you, Mr. Bloomfiold;: aftor such a long separation.- 1 liopo you havo. been woll sinco last i hoard of you.'.. :. -. ' '. ' Perfectly well, Miss 'Mowbray ; you -aro wolcomo to Australia.'': 'Thank you. Pray, take a seat :Ihavoi some news to toll you from homo,'' sho said, placing a chair 'for 1110, and taking ono her self.' ' _ . .-'.?Homo- news is always acceptable ? to a oolonist,' I rophod iu the saino.cool and dis aut tone. Sha heaved a iloep sigh, whioh she strove to ooncoal. -? ?? ? - . ' I did not imagino,'. slio' said,: whon wo parted in England many years ago that our meoting .again would bo no1 coldMuid: re served. ? ' Neither did I, Miss Mowbray,' I replied coldly ; ' but . time / alters:; many '.- things it seems.' , ( ' r ^ ^ u - ' * ' » . , A jiiiu.fi] elisnuil, dm lug winch 1 1m' I lie lirst timo that evening Hcaniieil the face of my companion as sho sat with hor head bent downward, nervously playing with her watch chain. Sho was littlo ohangod sinco I had last scon hor, oxcopt that fvom a girl sho had expanded into a woman, and that hor boauty was in a much moro pronounced character than in those old days. 1 was struck when I hoard lior voico with its similarity lo that ot Edwin, her 'cousin, whom sho resembled also1 in faco. l''rom;sonio unknown cause she: started soveral times at my voico as I spoke to. '.lior;, ' ??'?? I suppose yotrhavo not hoard as yet that: your sister lloso and .my brother Alfred nro ; ? married,' sho remarked in a tromblini! voice. . ? ' I had a letter a fow days ago, intimating that tho marriage would take placo in a wook from that dnlo.' . ' . ' Then yon havo heard from lloso lately?' she added, with morning uneasiness. - ' Hor letter was written aftor you loft for London to join your aunt ; but I never- sus- pected that it was your rclativo who camo as Governor hero, for Itoso nover. mentioned his name, but said that lie was appointed an Indian Governor, and was returning tlioneo.' 'So lio thought himself ; but ho was ap pointed for this colony at the last moment. Did lloso say any moro about 1110?' sho en quired timidly. ' Sho did, and oven oncloRcd 1110 your noto to hor from London,' I replied significantly, whilo 1 watched my companion's counten ance. I pcrcoivod. 1 that sho trembled at tlio words, and turned away her face. I judged that sho was agitated, but con sidered that sho deserved tho pain which was inflicted by the nows. ' Ot course you thought tho nows 111 that letter extraordinary, and I may oven say cruel.' ' I expect it is too lato to talk- about tho subject now, so with your permission we will drop it,' I replied coldly. ' I dare say you aro right. Tho subject is too painful to be introduced at our lirst moot ing, and I expect you are impatient to got back to tho ballroom. I trust you will forgivo me for detaining you so long from your beautiful partner, who I havo 110 doubt will be the future Mrs. Bloomfiold.' ' Not beforo Miss Mowbray is changed to Mrs. Stanley,' I replied bitterly. ' That will bo never,' Edith remarked with emphasis, surprising mo vory much. ' But you have not mentioned the lady's name,' sho pursued. ' I must confess sho is ono of tho handsomest girls I over beheld.' 'Hor name is Miss -Graem— a native of Australia. So you see. Miss Mowbray, wo can produco passable specimens of female boauty.' ' I foar sho may got jealous at me detaining you, so wo had better return to tho ballroom. But beforo \Vo part I must ask you to visit 1110 sonic otlior day, as I have Boveral things to say which our short interview at presont for bids. I shall inform my aunt who you aro, so that your company at Government Houso will bo always acceptable.' 'Thank you, Miss Mowbray ; I shall avail niysolf on your kind invitation on somo futuro day. Are you engaged for thOj next waltz? It not, may I havo the' pleasure of engaging you.' ' Undoubtedly for the sake of old times, Mr. Bloomlield.' ? She took my arm, and wo rc-enterod the ballroom just as a waltz was beginning. I saw Hamilton with liis cousin walk away whon Edith and I took our places -on the lloor. Thinking that Winnio was indisposed, whon tho danco was ovor I enquired lor Hamilton. 1 was informed that Miss Graem's party had left, and that she was unwell. I was very uneasy on hearing this, and feared that Hamilton had revealed my seorot. After parting with Edith in better humour than I had anticipated at our meeting that evening, I gained my hotel, my mind filled to overflowing with strango aud conflicting emotions. -. - ? CHAPTER XXXIII. A 1'AIJ.FUIi INTERVIEW.; '' The day after the grand ball had far advanced' before I loft my 'couch.. Tlio events of tho previous evening appoaueil to my mind like a strange 'dream. My sensations wero of the common kind experienced' ..by those who meditate with a cool head ovor tho doings and sayings of a night of glitter and gaiety that carries people invariably along beyond their everyday pace. I now felt ashamed of tho vows: I had mado in tlio: oar ot Winnio Graem, and which I could not now fulfil till Edith Mowbray becamc somebody's wife, for I, was resolved not to bo the lirst to break tho troth which ' wo had pledged. One thing I could hot fathom— why Edith declared bo positively that she never would become Mrs. Stanloy. Could thoy have quarrollcd- or, brolcon off 'the engagement? That did not seem possible, as they hiul appeared vory friendly at the ball. But who olse'then could fclie havo loved so deeply? Who else could have caused hor to desert lier 'affianced lover ? Thoso wore the questions I asked myself without finding any definite or reasonable answer: My mind was much disturbed, about Winnio Graem, and the sad look sho had cast at Edith and myself as she left the ball room lingered beforo 1110. I resolved 011 visit ing Hamilton at his office about tho timo ot closing business, so as to havo an uninter rupted interview with him. Parliament was to ho oponod next day by tho Governor 111 person',' and great preparations woro going on amongst tho members for tlio, special occasion. . Punctual -to timo- 1 arrived at Hamilton's office, which I found him about to loavo ; but on seeing 1110 I10 asked 1110 into his private room. 1 was sorry to boo that ho received mo very coldly, -and that somothing .unpleasant prossod heavily upon his, mind, I oponod tho conversation by remarking — ' You seem vory dull, Hamilton, after last night.' . . . ' 'T'wish I had nover gone to tlio ball, Bloomfiold,' I10 replied solomnly. ' How is this? Suroly you could not wish ?for better onjoymont?' 'It may have proved vory pleasant to you, Bloomlield, but I fear it has proved tlio rovcrso to 1110. I am quite miserable biiicc.' ' : ' I am vory sorry to hoar it, Hamilton ; but to .toll you tho real truth my 01011 happiness has not gained by tho avont. But how is MisBGraam? I was told whon I attempted .to seek you out that sho left unwell.' : . ? , ., - ' Sho was takon ill as you wero informed, and sho was confined to hor room whon I left this morning.' . \- 'I am vory sorry to hoar it. I suspect sho had to danco too often, and got overheated, which is rather dangorous.' : 'I foarthero.waB more than that the cause of hor indisposition, Bloomfiold ; somothing that may prove moro serious.' \- 'And have you any clue to what that is, Hamilton? Tliero used to bo 110 secrots ' ot- i ween us, and I trust that I havo not forfoited 1 your confidence since last evening.' : . \- -.' It is a painful subject for mo to mention ; but as you aro concorncd I consider it impera tive ,onmo to inform you, although I will aquit you of any trcaohorous intention in thomatter, I havo found out at last Winuio's. unknown lover, and if I am not mistaken- you have guessed liiin also of late; You need not col^ or up, Bloomlield ; I am not going to lay any charges against you for a breach of trust ; for I well understand now the dolioncy and hesita tion you manifested whon 1 proposed that you should pay somo attention to my. cousin 011 al^occasions.'and p'artioularly at Government :Ho'use last night, in order to keep others from paying t,!ii'.innl'li'cs'cs tu hor. It was not 1111 i-il you held thatconforence with your old love, Miss Mowbray, that the truth Hashed upon 1110, and that Winnio's secret was made man ifest. Aftor I left tha refreshment room and .returned to her, wo went amongst tho loungers, when sho eagerly questioned 1110 011 tho sub ject; and I must confess, wheedled tho whole socrct ot your formor ongagoment with Miss Mowbray from mo. The rovblatiou was too much for her, and sho then . told me the secret of her own love. I could easily per ceive the agony sho was suffering when I told 1 her I suspected her unknown lover. Sho could not deny tha charge, but craved that I should not by word or hint betray her seorot ,-to you. I did not oxactly promise that, but satisfied her at the timo.;' forBinco I informed you before that thoro was such a barrier be tween 1116 and hor affections, I liavb thought: it more 'honorable to apprize you of the real ;facts that we may determine 011 tlio best course to 'pursue for the 'future. 1'niust now declare to you. that if 'any promise ot marriage has taken placo betweou you anil my cousin, and it you consider yourself free from your engagement with Mi83 Mowbray,, I will freely, withdraw any pretensions to my cousin's hand, although it will-cost mo a soro. pang. I need not say that this is greatly for her sake.' ' t ; 7 ; ' You are' a noblo fellow, Hamilton. I trust though that matters will turn out hotter yet for 113 both. ? As you have said. I had soine suspicion that I was tho uncon scious and undeserving object of Miss Graom's attachment; but then 1 never dreamed -that wo would moot again, and did not think' it well to appriso you of suspicions, which, might after all bo unfounded. I must say that I was partly sorry that . Miss Graem's family camo to Melbourne, and that I was thrown in hor way through your friendship. You may. imagine the delicate position I was placed in through tlio confidence you roposod in^mc; and the great temptation which was daily beforo me, in the company ot your charming cousin, and undor which I almost surrendered, notwithstanding my loyalty to' you. The words I uttered last night whilo in. the oxcitomont of. dancing with Miss Graem I do not. think, she took much notico of, so that yot she is. free from any ongagoment with mo.' 1 'What a fool .1 mu3t havo beon, Bloom-, field, not to foresee the danger of throwing you so much together. . I fully exonerate you from all blame, aiid admit that you liavo acted honorably in the mattor. But lot us dismiss this painful subject, and return to your, own and Miss Mowbray's affairs. .1 would like to know how your, conference last night ended, and whether it^is to be peace or war between you.' \ : I went through as much as was permissible ot the details of the conversation between my self and Edith. i- ' Sho repents. You may tako my ivord f$r that,' ho said',; when he lmd heard me ouL ' Anotlior such consultation, : and sho win surrender. Stanloy istfiot the 'man tor Gal way; 'you may depend upon that. It must he another case ot unknown lover, liko my fair cousin's. These nulies arc a mystery, which we poor bachelor devil3 are unable to comprehend.' . '. I explained to him my |io3ition in Regard lo Winnie Graem. ' You should call upon her as usual by all means,' lie said, ' otherwise she will sus pcct I have told you all ; for I would not for the world that she thought you iu possession of hor secret. I have now no fear of your committing yourself ; and mind, if it is a case of separation botween you and Miss Mowbray, I shall not stand between yourself and Winnie. So good-byo, and no moro excuses.' . My friend then parted with 1110 for that day. ; _ _ . After leaving ; him I directed my steps to wards, Mr.. Graem's houso for the purpose ot ascertaining how Winnio was after lior sudden indisposition on tho previous eroniinv 'Oil enquiring of 0110 of hor sisters 'I was conducted to the drawing-room, and after a littlo delay Winnio made hor appearauce; - She looked fai from well, and a sickly smilo played upon her face, as she invited me to sit down. : 1 * ' I was grieved to hear that you had been takuii ill last evening, Miss Graem ;-I fear you' took too much exercise during the first part ot thenight.' ' IL appears so, Mr. Bloomlield. Indeed, I .was so cxcitcd and happy 011 the occasion ithat 1 was quite regardless of anything but dancing. It is often the case that in the midst ot our happiness some'calamity or sick ness overtakes us.' ? A deep sigh escaped her; Slio bent' down' lior head, and -fixed her eyes upon lior hands. .: ,' I have just loft your cousin, Mr. Ilainil-' .ton,'. I said, 'and I10 led 1110 to -understand that I10 had communicated to you certain facts regarding tlio position in which Miss \- Mowbray, whom you saw last night, and .?myself stand. I considor it duo to . you that I; sHpuld.mako; some apology, for my behaviour last night, to show you that I did not intend to ? trifle : with your lcelings. What I uttoied were tho true sentiments of my heart. Littlo did I imagine that I should meet Edith Mowbray at the ball, or even sce-her again iii' this lifo. Hoi presence in tho colony still un married surprised 1110 very much, for I had heard from my sister that sho waa to bo married shortly, and had actually withdrawn from hor engagement with 111c, -which I suppose she ?considered as tho result ot a childiBh freak, but whioh 1 011 my part would not havo broken for worlds. I need not go through the his tory again, .Miss Graem, as Hamilton has told you tho details. - I may, howovciy say that I do not considor myself freo from my oarly vows while Miss Mowbray romains single. I had positive proof in hor own hand writing that sho had reposed hor conlidonco in anotlior, and I had moro spirit than to crave \- back -hor lovo. ?; She, however, dcolarod last night that a 'match with tho Governor's nophew, (tho Private Scorotary)' was not to take placo ; and who lior lovor is I am unablo to discover. Tlio reason sho sont for 1110 last night was to- communicate' some 'nows from my friends at- homo, particularly about hor brother's marriago with my youngest sister. I am exceedingly sorry if I havo in tlio slight est dogrco liitorfored with your cousin Hamil ton's prospects ; .but as I havo said, tho subject need not bo pursued further at present.' ? ? . ??/.??????? : 'I wish I waa of your disposition, Mr. Bioomfield,' replied Winnio with a porceptiblo blush. ' I would saorilico anything, ovon lifo 1 before lovo, -becauso I believo it is givon to us from above, and therefore not our own pro perty to freely deal with. It is too hallowed 1 a thing to bo bartered or trilled with.' As for your iutorfcrcnco or obstructing my cousiu's 1 expectations I think ovory person is freo to'act I for himsolf lnsuohaclolioalo mattor. With re gard to my returning my cousin's noblo and generous allcotion, I atn not capable of doing so, for I havo no heart to givo him, and that ho already- knows. - If, however, I am so un fortunate as to lovo in vain, I would sooner ' entrust my happiness to my oousin than any .othor.' ? ? ^ - -? I perceived that she was alTcotod very much, and thcroforo changed tho subject to remark on tho grand party of - tho evening Iscfore ; and after somo littlo talk 011 that subjoot, alio ? regained somo of hor usually lively spirits. ; Aftor an unusually long visit I departed, ? promising to return noxt day. ' CHAPTER XXXIV. A ST1UNQK 1'HOrOSITION; The day for the opening of the first Yiotorian riii-ii.ttiien(- — 11 day incinurahlc 111 I, lie iii.itoiy nf the colony — at length arrived. Tho Council chamber was filled with ladies, and crowds of , spectators, who could not gain admittance, stood 'outside the doors of tho 1'arliament, House. Tho approach of tlio Governor and party, who camo under an escort of tlio troops, and whoso advent was announced- with firing of guns, caused a thrill of expectation in the broasts of thoso who wero to tako part in the work ot legislation. . When wo woro sum moned lo the Council Chamber I- saw Miss Mowbray blooming as usual amongst' tho' Governor's party, and my heart beat as I had not felt it ''eat 'for many a day, as our eyes met, and I fancied that sho- smiled 'in tha i distance., /-' I attended for somo time closely, to my Parliamentary duties, and did - not visit: Miss .Mowbray, though 'I soveral times saw Winnio Graem, and endeavoured to show hor 'the' attaohmont I had had for Miss Mowbray, in order to oxcuse myself somewhat fdr my conduct at the hall. She took all I had to say in good part, and never showed that she cared in the least, cxcopt once I thought, when sho was askod to sing ' Tho native girl's lament,' whioh the rcador will remember, and which she backed out of, while a hot blush suffused her face. - ? ''' v: Somo days aftor tho opening of- parliament t received a noto by the Governor's orderly. It was from Edith Mowbray, and requested me to sec her at Government House as soon as possible. I of course posted away to fulfil tlio engagement, but not with- tho very ploas antcst of feelings, for I surmised that the' marriage with Stanloy was perhaps being brought on by tho Governor and Miss Mow bray's aunt, and that I was wanted to givo a ! release from tho engagement. , ; When I arrived 1 was shown into the samo room in whioh our lirst interview had taken place, and thore found Miss Mowbray looking uven more blooming than before. She received mo with great cordiality. After sho had oxcuscd hersolf for sending for mc, and I had mado my excuses for not attending to my promise that I would visit her, and after we had chatted for 'a few mOmonts about Miss Graem's health, whilo I noticed hor watch my countonanco narrowly, sho said — . - . 'If I am not mistaken I think I hoard that you have a cousin or second cousin in Australia named Baxter.' 'I have, Miss Mowbray ; lie is managing my stations! on the lliver, Murray.' ' 'I believo I10 rosemblos you vory much,' she added; lowering her gaze. ' There is -I beliovo a great resemblance botweon us. But who told you ? My cousins, the Maxwells, who woro dig ing with him;' ' Oh I indeed you aro right. : I heard him mention the Maxwells, and ho was vory partial ? to thom,: particularly tho young one.' VI felt rather nervous during this conver sation, and began to play with my fingers, when Edith, who was also somewhat embar rassed, noticing tho ring Lhat Edwin had given 1110, asked mc to see it. I took it off, and handed it to lier. .. 'Oil I - what a rich ring that is ! I supposo it is colonial'gold and manufacture. ' Let- mo. seo what are these initials, E.M.,' sho -said, with excited curiosity. But on deciphering tho initials a suddon pallor spread over lier faco as sho involuntarily said, ' 0 my God 1 what have I done 1 ' Instantly checking herself, however, sho bovorod her faco with her handkerchief. - ' I was fairly mystified at Lhis singular con duct. Could slio have imagined that I was ?actually engaged to somo other lady having those initials ? 'You aro doubtless surprised at my con: .duct, Mr. Bloomlield, but that ring on your finger was the means of explaining - some doubts which were in my mind. You need not look disturbed when I say lhat I have discovered a little secret ot yours. It was yourself that became gold-digger and partner . of the Maxwells, and not your cousin Baxter. Is it not so?' . .1, was, fairly found out, and admitted my deception.;: I'But how did you imagine it to be so ?!' I asked. ? -v ? - , 'Simply by that ring ; beeauso Edwin told 1110 that lie and Baxter had exchanged rings with- thoir initials cngravod upon thous and faithfully promised to wear them over after wards in' remombrance of their friendship while at tlie diggings.' ? , ':l' niiis't plead' guilty, to tho''charge',;Miss.: Mowbray, but I trust you will pardon tho' little' imposition I played upon' yoiir cousins. Whon I explain tho true reasons for my digging under an assumed namo you will not con demn 1110 altogether.' ? I then related the events which had:induccd me to become a digger . ' I will oxouso you; Mr. Bloomlield ; but at the same timo I must remark that tho impo sition was carried rather too far ; for, if I was: rightly infoimed, you surreptitiously bccamo awaie ot some secrets of mine which wcia iu my cousin Edwin's possession. It was ically too bad to deceive the boy.'. ,. I could percoivo a smilo playing upon Edith's hps whilo alio spoke. . .- ' I indeed became aware of some trifliug matters regarding you at our first' acquain- tance ; but before wo parted a moro serious and overwhelming disappointment to mcoame to ray knowledge— that I had lost your lovo for ovor.- This. .was confirmed afterwards by your own lott-jr lo my sister lloso, which .filled' up my cup of misery.' / ; , . .. '0 spare me, spare 1110, Harry 1 I know all. But did not my letter statu that there was somo mystery in tlio case which'I could not tell or explain ? ' ' I boliovo it did, Edith. : But what. know-;, ledgo could heal my . wounds when . you' declared that you had transferred your , lovo to another ? ' . 'It was in thai tho inyslory lay. But what use is there 111 lamenting what I am unablo to - oxplaiu? Oh 1 Harry, it you know all you would both pity and forgivo mo. But— alas— I shall bo tho greatest sufforor.' v ' ' You make 1110 moro niiserablo than over,1 Edith,'! I replied. ' What seorot could.induco you to break the vows wa entorod into ? - And why liido it from 1110 and provont 1110 judging of your actions? ' v.; . - ? ' I may bo forcodi to explain tlio whole yet, but not now, Harry. Do not . press 1110 ' too muoli at present. Let us change the sub joot.'- -? ' ? Wo changed tho conversation, and my .fair' companion surprised 1110 by asking with much earnestness to 111 troduco a measure into Par liament for tlio protootion ot, tho diggers against liconco hunting and Biioh inconva nienoes. When I askod hor how she know anything of. tha diggings, sha said tho Max 1 .walls had . told lior the abusos under which gold miners suffered, and as I must know all. about thom, sho hoped I would bring in . a motion on tlio subject, and do my beat to get. tho support of the mining inoinbcrs. I tried to oxouso mysolf, stating that by a/ squatter, and supporter of the Govornmont, . whioh leaned to tho squatters, such a motion .would show my want of confidence ill my loaders; but my fair companion would tako no oxouse, but said.if I turned the Government out I could form another -. Ministry.. Sho told mo alio had reasons for asking 1110 to tako action, which sho might reveal some day soon ; and I was compelled beforo leaving, to . promiso to consider the matter, . and see- what, could. be. done. . , CaALTEll XXXV. Win SlVSTEIlY EXl'LAINEI). WiriiN I returned to town tho first placo 1 visited was Hamilton's offico. ?Aftor discussing somo political subjects of the day, I introduced that which now occupied' ' my thoughts. ? ' ? ? ? ? - .. 'Well, Hamilton, 1 havo been meditating lately 011 your pot scliome, ' Tho - Gold-fields Bill, ' and have at last becoino convincod of its necessity in tlio colony,: provided that it 'can bo passed easily through both Houses.' ' ['?Yon are 'a- trump, Bloomfiold,' siiid I10; Vl knuiv you would somo day- coino to that conclusion; and I havo no doubt that somo of' tho nieniberslon your sido of the Houso will follow when thoy see you taking an active part in favor- of tho measure. Should the Ministry view it as a want- of-confidence motion, all tho Opposition will support it in a body. Now, since you command somo influencc^Ainong 1 tho squatting members, I think you ought to I tako charge of the Bill, and I will of course 1 give it all my support. I havo got it ready drafted, so that yon can go through the clauses, . and suggest any amendments that you think necessary that would not materi ally affect its principles.' A great sensation was manifested in the Assembly when it was seen that a supporter of tho Government intended -introducing auoh 'a! sweeping measure, and ono so antagonistic ' to tho declared policy of tho .Ministry. I was then warmer in feeling and in blood than noW, and was accordingly persuaded to ' attempt tho difficult task. Tho eventful day came round for tho second' redding of tho Bill. I moved it, in a speech whioh lam' afraid was all too crude. Feeling, however, ran high, and tho Bill was carried by a con siderable 'majority, though tho Government opposed it with all their forces. Tho result was tho resignation of the Ministry arid tho formation of another Cabinet by, reader, your humble servant. As I left the presence of His Excellency, after handing him a list of my frionds, an orderly conducted me to the little room in whioh I had. previously conversed with Miss Mowbray. Sho was there again, sitting in the samo place, with tho same healthy bloom upon her checks. I had caught sight of both her and Miss Graem in tho Speaker's Gallery during the debate, and waa ourious to know what sho thought of the war of words.' ' I congratulate you on your entrance into public life,' sho smilingly ' said upon my ap pearance. ' You aeo I was right in my con jecture.'.. --??*,.? ' Thank you, Miss Mowbray. I must' con-' less that my unlopked for success has- been mainly attributable to the charming influenco of a certain fair lady,' I said, smiling. 'You remember the old proverb, Mr. Bioomfield — ' A faint heart never won — — .' ' ' 1 A fair lady, ' I added on seeing her pause ! and colour up. ?' But ! have not won the fair lady- yet, although my Bill (her Bill' I almost said) is safe.' - - '? ' j 'I thought the young lady was also won, h judging by her looka the night of the ball.' i 1 _' If you mcan'Mis3 Graem, she is still freo from any engagement with me, Miss Mow- 1 .-bray.' ' -| 'I havo 110 right to quostion you on such a 1 subjeot, Mr. Bioomfield ; but so far as ap- 1 pcarancos went, and a few passionate words 1 which accidentally eame to my ears, I con cludod the ease was settled.' 1 'I must confess, Miss Mowbray, that I ox- 1 pressed myself unguardedly on tlio occasion j you mention; ' but when - you are made 1 acquainted with tho oiroumstanccs which 1 prompted mo at the time' you will not bo j surprised. I became sh'ghtly acquainted with | Miss Graem some years ago. I must admit ] that she made a strange impression upon my 1 mind — not that I actually loved her, or that 1 my early vows were in danger through hor J 'singular charms— but meeting hor lately after 1 an absence of some years, and on tho very day when I received Rose's letter with yours, telling me so sad a tale of my first love, the feeling which I had entertained for tho Aus tralian girl came back with trebled force. It was when smarting under that disappoint- 1 inent that I sought refuge in tho warm heart j of Winnie Graem, whose affections I found I ' had unconsciously possessed since the first: ] day -I liad mot with her. I was confident that ' you were either engaged or married when I 1 made the declaration you heard, anU little , thought you were in Australia ot the time. ?' I have, however, withdrawn the proposals; and ' explained to Miss Graem that I did not con- 1 sider'- myself freo from my first vows while 1 you wero single.' ' ' And now I suppose you want me to release 1 you froni these. vows, Mr. Bioomfield? Tho 1 yoke is rather burdonsomo, I presume? ' ' J : ' Hold; -Miss Mowbray I do not judge mo ' rashly. I havo not given you any reason: so ' to presume, nor have I in the slightest degree variod in my constancy ; ' Pardon me, Harry .v I havo been the ' guilty party.' myself,' -sho interposed, giving ' way : to emotion. ? ' Oh 1 Harry, if you but j know what . I have sutforod. But. I daro not ' explain, for if I did you might:think my 0011- j duct unbecoming a woman.' ? . ! I took hor hand in mine, and as my cyo3 1 fell mechanically upon its exquisite symmetry, I a ring mado of colonial gold; with initials 1 upon- it, attracted my attention. One look ( was sufficient to solve a whole world of ! mystery. There glittered, beforo my staring ' eyes tho vory ring I had presontod to Edwin - Maxwell, and besido 111c sat tho mako-balicvo ' Edwin in tho person of tho first keeper of my 1 love. Tho whole mystery was now explained. ' Edith had loved 'Horace Baxter,' aud had 1 thus oonsidored it impossible to unite her 1 fate with mine ; and now when sho discovered j who the supposed Baxter was she felt vory ' much ' inclined to sacrifice all her footings 1 rather than tell mo sho had bean at work ' with 1110 on tho- diggings. How could I' liavo boon so very blind ? I could see: everything ] so clearly now. But that a delicate and 1 tcndorly-brought-up girl would liavo thought ' of coining to tho diggings, disguising herself ' and encountering all the hardships and dangers ' of an early gold-digger's lifo, I'eould not liavo ' droained at tha tiina. ? The- happiness whioh' filled my hcart'at the knowledgo that after 1 all I only had possessed the love which was 1 given to 1110 in -years : gone by at the other J sido of tlio world, made up for every pang which lmd boon . drawn for ino by adverse fate. , - . ' ' Do not your distross yourself, my darling 1 Edith,' I .whispered softly in her oar. ' I , havo guessed all ; your secret is rovealed to , 1110.' She instantly uuoovored hor eyes, and gazed with alarm- 111 my face, oxolaiining— ; ' flow ? Is it possible ?' 'By a ring. Just as you discovered that I had personated Baxter.' . : \ \- She sprang up as if sho wished to leave 1110; but I hold her tightly in my hand. : '0h l for goodness sako lot me go, Harry 1 You will hate 1110 ever aftor this discovery;' -1 know you will.' ' Stay and listen for a fow seoonds, dearest Edith. You misjudge mo greatly. Your noblo conduct deserves my admiration ratlicr than my hate. I shall not allow you to escapo until I hear from your sweet lips that you still lovo Bloomfiold, alius Baxter. Allow me to reinovo that hand whioh hides thy ? beautiful eyes.' '.The . story ; ivas 'long; and although it would not all . bo interesting to the reader, to mo it brought the very aomo of happiness. . It was a tale filled up certainly with strange inoidents. When, I left home she had been 1 sent into Wales by her father to somo of his 1 relatives, and while there had: been compelled . ?to,- alleot . to .receive the addresses of Mr. 1 . 1 1 1 1 i:y in oilier io .liiruw her friuiub. off ??tiioir gunrdtfas ? to n-hor:; truoK feeling. This iad:boon- attended .1 with unfortunate oonso c|uonccs ;. for while it had inado.my sister be lieve she had bceomo cold in regurd to myself, it luought dowri1 both . upon herself, and mo 1 'in rpvengo of poor Ellon Arnold, who liad ..i.l;; ,ilicd lo ma:tho assumed attachment be c uiso 'Edith 'had'-irobbed lior of her admirer, lior brothor next becanio, engaged to my sister i!oso, and Miv Mowbray died almost imme 'liateiy afleriiloaving his estate very much in volved. I'littiug off his match till I10 should ho out of difficulties, , her brother had started for thcgold- ftclds; arid she hearing that I had , Won 'killed'by the blacks, and having no wish for anything now but to bo near her brother, prevailed upon, liim to allow her to accom pany him in the -'guise of a digger. Thoy wc-nL 1. - iao . gold-fields, assuming tho names of their' cousins — Andrew and Edwin Max well. ' Whon they left my sister was given to understand- that. they, had gone to Wales, and liorice;.niy total . ignorance ot their where abouts/- I jnced detail littlo of what Edith . told about- her ''Australian career, as tho reader' already knows most ot it. Ho does not, howevor, know that ere hor departure for the- old world, ' long before our exchange of rings; she had fallen in lovo with Baxter, ovon after hearing from him that his cousin Bloomfiold was Bafa and woll. The sccret of her grief in going away from the colony was partly love for Baxter and partly regret that she could havo treated Bloomlield so coldly. As her brother was to bo married to Hose, nnd was displeased - with the supposed jilting of his intended' brother-in-law, Edith did not care to remain at homo, and, an opportunity offering, sho joined the family of the Gover nor, then 011 his way to India. At the last moment,- however, aud 'just as she had givon up all hope of seeing aught of her Australian lover, the destiny of the Viceregal party was changed. Our meeting at tho ball, how she at first thought I was Baxter, and afterwards imagined I must be her old jilted lover as I breathed words of passion iu the car of the beautiful Miss Graem, was all detailed. Then came the relation of how wo had found eaoli 0 ther out by our rings, and wo sat face to faco without a secret between tis — the past cleared of the mist that to me had enveloped it, ' and tho present made bright as tho sunniest day. ; '? I fear; howevor,' she said ? pouting as sho conoludcd, ' that you will' shun mo for , ever now that you know all that I have done.' . ??;!?? .J'-Whot, my, adorablo Edith,? Do not talk in that way. I lovo tyou - far moro, if that wero possible, than ever I did beforo. . You after all novor. deserted- 1110, for Baxter and Bioomfield woro ono and tho same. Youhave never yet seen- the real Baxter, and if when you-.behold him you iprovo fickle enough to fall in lovo with liim, I suppose I must putup with tho'; disappointment.' ' No'fear of that, Harry. But can you for give , my, going to the diggings and per sonating .my oousin Edwin ? Was not that indelicate?)' : '1'ar from it, my noble girl. Ypu made 1 great saorificb for the sake of your only lirother ; and, besides, you know that if you , mado a fool of mc, I practised a little impo sition on' you; So in colonial, parlance wo may 'bry quits.'' , Wo again plighted the troth which had been in jeopardy so long, and in order that there might be no opposition on her aunt's part to her choico of a lover, Edith intro duced me lo that lady, telling lier I was then line of His -Excellency's advisors. The im pression I produced was, I flattered myself, jood ; and after a brief visit, in which much progress was made, I took my leave and re turned to the city, my brain filled up with a nost of warring thoughts on tho subject of lovo '-.and- politics. . I think, however, that Oupid carried the day. ,- ? ? , . ? . CHAPTER XXXVI. - \- ? CONCLUSION. - Political affairs were satisfactorily arranged, ° tho leader of the Opposition at my request iccepting the post of Chief Secretary, leaving to ma one less important; and better suited to ny tastes. Hamilton was placed in the posi tion of Attorney-General. 'And so the Govern-, ncnt business was resumed: I had not ? visited the Graoms, or seen ? VVinnio' for; some time past, owing to my late jrigagemerits,. which had not left'mo a spare noment, Ori the first opportunity which presented -itself, therefore', I directed my steps to Mr. Graom's cottage. As I was entering the hall a littlo chatty-girl, with whom I had, rlwnys been a great favorite, met mo in the passage. With a significant gesture for mo to , :ceep quiet, she whispered in my ear that she ivas going to listen at the drawirig-room door to hear her sister Winnio sing her song about ?' the native girls. This was evidently tlio anient which 1 had bo often wished to hear, [therefore became an cavcs-droppcr to pleaso my pert little companion. Tho door was a littlo , ajar, and I could just perceive tho ; ;racof'l figure nf thn singer as she sat with ner back towaids us. Aftor playing n few lirs, wbieli woro among my favorites, oho bo jan ' Tho lament.' The words woro simple ind tho air plaintive. I saw that tho song contained a history of tho. singer's lovo for lie, which lmd gone forth unrequited, and jeen attended with so much misery to liar. ii.s alio finished the song I heard her voico ialter, and as I knew tho cau:,o of lior griot 3nly too woll, I was obliged to wipe away a - ear or two that would como forth at tho , noment, to the astonishment of my little companion. Seeing that it'would be iujudi :ious to intrude at this - time, I bound my iltlo mate at the door over to secrecy, and .elling lier I would not stay just then,' took my lopdrturc. On telling Hamilton afterwards ,vliat I had dono, lie commended my judg ncnt, advising 1110' not lo visit at Mr. Graom's, - is my presence would be the opening up of wounds that were slowly closing. His frionds nad pcisuadcd Winnio to take clianj;o of air iL tho station of a relative in Sydney, and she liad promised to bestow lior hand upon him 511 her return. -A fow days afterwards I.redd with a sigh tho name of Winnie amongst the iiassongers by one of tho Sydnoy steamboats, ft might bo that I had seon tlio last of lior. For a timo, owing to tho Governor warmly espousing: tho causo of, his nopliow, I had tears about tho advonturo , of Edith and niy solf coming to a successful conclusion. How ovor, the fiokle goddess, who lmd smiled-upon mo in politics, gavo ; mo - one* of hor sweetest looks in lovo, and tho : Governor's prejudices melted away. : Ho called m'o asido at tho alosa of*an 'Executive, Council meeting ono day, after I had dofondod his conduct in the House in relationlto somo despatches forwarded to the Secretary ot State, and told nia that as Miss Mowbray scorned partial to mo he would offer 110 objection to tho malch. Tho marriago took placo shortly after with all tha'pouip-and circumstance likely to attend a wedding at Government House ; but at tho risk of incurring tho displeasure of my fair readers I must not stop to desoribe either the dresses of tha ladies or tlio details of tho cere mony. Whon we — that is Edith audi — had bidden good-byo to our numerous friends, and departed amid a shower of old shoes, as is tho usual custom, wo soon found ourselves out of Melbourne, »n tho road to tho North, scamper ing away at a high rata of speed. Tho buggy f drove was light, and- 111 it I had a pair of HUiokTiootcd bays, which measured the dist ance with a rapidity only known to-the early Australian traveller. In consideration of the jredt wish whioh Edith had to visit the scene / - of our digging exploits, wc turned our horses' heads somewhat out of the trno course for my , station on tho banks of tho Murray. Tho country seemed considerably changed smco Inst wo traversed it ; but on reaching Sand hurst where wo hud first mot ns diggers, tho alterations in nil things wero moro apparent. Largo nnd costly buildings stood now on tho very ground where we had been digging ; nnd wo beheld n thriving town where commerce had snt down ns n companion to alluvial mm ? n?. On leaving Sandhurst next day wo passed through another familiar spot — Long Gully — where our first gleam of luck had sliono upon us ; nnd hero also the change was very ap parent. Next camo tho memorable 15 agio llawlc, where nnotlicr mushroom town hnd sprung np. On looking nround me I was at tracted by n large hotel bonring tho nnme of John Brown on. its signboard. Hero X thought wo might refresh ourselves and horsos before proceeding further on our journey. Wo wero rather surprised to find in tho good humored landlord my old friend Jack Brady. When we wero quite alone I asked him how it was ho had returned from Europe, for 'I thought,' X snid, ' that you went to the old country.' ' So I did, Mr. Bioomfield ; but I 'soon re turned again. Tho homo country held no in ducements for mo to stop. Nenrly nil my friends had either died or gone to America, and the fow who remained would not countenance such a notable character as I had become ; so Tiily and I thought it best to ' bout ship,' nnd take up our quarters in the most hospitable and luckiest placo we ever lived in. Having a good bit of money left I bought up tho very ground whero I held the . lucky claim, and erected all these improve ments upon it, whero X do a pretty good stroke in tho publio line.' 'J nm glad to hear lhat you are doing woll, Jack. But are you not afraid some old acquaintance will recognise you ? ' 'Not in the least. The old hands are .? getting fowor every year ; and should an odd r ono como round they would never recognise tho supple Jack Brady in the stout Jack ? Brown, tho publican.' ' You have certainly changed n good deal in appearance, and nccumulated a fair pro portion of flesh. But how is Mrs. Brown 1 ' r 'Bless you, sho is as well ns possible, nnd i ? : nearly as Btout as I am myself.' * At this stage Mrs. Brown entered with a young Brown in her arms, who crowcd lustily when ho saw us. His motherccrtainly looked , as if hotelkeepmg agreed with her. She was :v . much stouter than when I last saw her, but ,» v had lost none of her good looks. Whon wo had left the hotel after a lengthy ? slayv Edith told mo that Mrs. Brown had : .recognised her as tho Edwin Maxwell of the ? diggings, but that she had promised to say . nothing on tho subject to her husband, who ? dicl not suspect anything strange. , : Arriving at the station after a long but ? pleasant journey we were welcomed to tho ? new houso, which I had only completed a short while previous. I introduced Edith to my cousin Baxter, and saw a smile play across , her features ns Bhe thought doubtless of tho part which ? his name had played in our lato history. Dan and liii wife were tho next persons to greet us. ? . ' ? 'Oh, Gcad, millc failthc, lady,- may the blessingb of St. Patrick pour upon your beautiful head,' he exclaimed, with true v.. ; Hibernian zest, as ho took off his- hat in deference to Edith. ' Shure, Mr Bloomfiold, ;-sv. you should have given us far more warnin', till we'd have mndo better arrangements.' ' And cooked us a three-decker, Dan ? ' I v. asked. . Dnnonly laughed at tho recollection of his ? exploit m cooking. j: . As wo visited the outbuildings of thestalion wo met Lachhm Tommy, with his swarthy ,v Rising Sun, carrying in her arms what I sup pose I must enll a native star. . ' M Well, Tommy,' I remarked, 'what job do you tako in hand on tho station now ? ' 'Meself sometime gentleman, sometimo . . shepherd, nnd sometime stookman.' ' Oh, I understnnd ; a Jack of ? all ? trades?' ... ' Not alwnys Jackum all trade, only somc ? time always.' This peculiar expression made Edith laugh heartily. The advent of another Parliamentary session called lhc to the metropolis. Edith \- was loth to leave the quiet of our dwelling by the banks of the ' Australian Nile ; ' but ' : finding that sho mast either desert it or me, . sho elected to reside at South Yarra, where Hamilton had engaged us a house. Here I r : was again brought into contact with Whelan and Lamont, who made my wife laugh -heartily with an account of some of the .. adventures whioh we hnd shared. Whelan ? was doing well in the world; but through the* treachery of his partner, Lamont had lost all. I was glad to be able to lend liim a ? - helping hand, and as my cousin had some ?? timo ago left my stations to go into business /in Sydney I appointed my old companion to; ; ? mnnngo for mo, knowing that I might look a long timo before I found so trustworthy- a , .- man. . -As time. wore on we heard that Winnie Graem was gradually recovering her health , . : ;and spirits and at last received an invitation to her wedding, sho having at length con sented .to take Hamilton 'for. bettor for worse.' It was, however, ? on condition that . - ? thoy should go upon a trip, to England by tho lirst vessel, and accordingly the wedding was fixed for the morning of tho day on which tho Royal Charter was advertised to sail. A , largo party of friends accompanied the bride nnd bridegroom abroad, and had an oppor , tunily of looking upon many a smiling face ; v of lliosc who joyed at tho word 'Home,' , and after' nn absence of years almost imagined themselves there. As I took leave of Mrs. Hamilton she handed me a sealed -?? packet, which Bhe said I might open next day when my wife waB near to hear tho con touts. It proved to bo a lotter in which tho poor Winnie of the past, finding that I pos scsscd tho secret of her girlish love, asked forgiveness— though I nover could see why —for entertaining the passion. She also told mo a startling fact that I had nover heard — that Lamont was well known to her, and that ho had on ono occasion saved her from com mitting tho crime of suicide. It was the v occasion on which sho had been told that my i marriage had beon arranged, and sho sud denly loft tho room, and, throwing a shawl . over her head, went out, and ran away from tho houso — bIio knew not nor enred not whither. Undor tho influence of wild delirium sho had reached tho Yarra, and was \- just plunging into its waters to oscape — ' Anywhere, anywhere, out of tho world,' . when a strong hand arrested hor progress, and. sho fainted. On awaking to conscious . ness bIio found it was Lamont, who being at 1 hor father's house, and seeing her leave tho room in an cxcitcd manner, had thought it wiso to follow. He conveyed her home, nnd as it happened fortunately that tiieir absence had not boen noticed, the secret had been , iicourely kept. Sl!o asked ino to thank Mr. Lamont for his christian kindness when I saw , him, as ho hnd not been able to attend the .-?? wedding, and as she had a presentiment that ? sho would nover again set foot on the Bhorcs . . of lior own land. Five, months and a half passed away. Thoro was muoh to do, and the Parliamen tary session was consequently long. One afternoon, however, we licnrd of the arrivnl \- of the Great Britain, and very shortly after wards tho House adjourned, each member going his own way in search of news. My letters I cxpcctcd would be at home, so I luude haste thore, glnd to have a quiet evening aftor being surfeited of late with debates. ? ? As 1 approached tho house the lights told mo that some company must havo ' dropped in,' as waa the common custom in the colonies at that time. I incl Edith on the I verandah, and, as slio looked very sad, en- j quired what the English news wns, or if she had letters from home. ; ' - , ; ' The news is very bad, Harry,' she- said;- taking me into thn ante-room, nnd handing mo an English papor. I do not know whon my heart has ovor been so heavy aB when I read tho dark column that my wife indicated. Tho Royal Charter had boon wrecked on tho coast of Wales on tho very eve of concluding a successful vovngo, nnd when all hearts doubtless boat with a joyful throb at the enrly prospect of Belling foot onco more on their native land. A fow passengers had left the vessel at Quoohstown, and n few others hnd boon saved from tho wreck ; but, alas, tho names that we looked for with absorbing interest woro contained only in tho long and m.-urnful roll of death, added to tho countless thousands sacrificed to tho insatiable maw of tho sea. Poor Mrs. Hamilton. Her presentiment was only too true. 'I have some good news for you.' said Edith, rousing mo from a very mournful roverie. ' Who do you think have como out by the great'Britain ? ' ' I don't know.' ' ' Then come in, and allow mo to introduce you to two old friends.' . As sho spolto sho led ine into the drawing room, and to my great surprise presented mo to Andrew Mowbray and my sister Hose. Thoy had come to make a short stay in the colony, and return by tho Great Britain on the next trip; and thoy not only fulfilled their promise, but induced us to voyage home in thoir company. Edith entered into tho conspiracy to prevail upon mo to go, and I verily brieve that sho had visions of knight hood staring mo in the face before our return. However, my dear reader, such was not my expectation. I could not seo that I deserved such a distinction, except my character for being the wildest youth ever imported might be taken as a passport to honour. I only thought thnt a visit to England, and a study of her institutions, might fit me in the future for taking a more enlightened part in the legislation of my adopted country, Thk End. 