ACTA POPULI. By the Flaneur. 'We may live without poetry, music, or books But who in this world could live without cooks?' No one. By Hercules ! No one. Unless he happened to bo a cook himself, or the lineal do. scendant of the Kiama Ghost, or some other sort of mystery who could live on newspaper reports and bullet moulds. Not long ago, Mr. Minister for Education Beid drew down on his devoted head the 40-horse power imprecations of the whole or tne civiuzea wona ^meaning in.h. vv. of couroe) by perfecting a scheme for having the piano taught in those ' genteel-pauper establish ments ' called High Schools. A more fatal mistake has not been made since that uulucky day whou Jubal first built a Irardy gurdy. When the Hon. George's fiat first went forth there was a wail sent up from tho male world that could bo heard at tho top of the North Pole (if tho woatkor wasn't showery), and pale faced, care-worn men of the literary persuasion wont out and attempted fco suicide themselves by drinking pure, undilutod water. Tho bulk of our piano bruisers are young ladies from tho age of 6 up to 60, and thoy follow the sarao weather' beaton trade. First of all, tho aspiring Arabella Goddavd selects as her seal; of war the middle house in u torraoo iu order that eho can I; ill at least two birds with the oamo Dot of scales, and then she selects a piano that was probably built for Mothusalem's maiden aunt, and hasn't been feuned since that worthy old lady parted with it through having to leave for Yourip. Punctually at 5 a.m. tho fair performer opono up her battery, and from that until 11 p.m. tho air for miles around io filled with scraps of tho ' Maidon'B Prayer,' the ' March from ITorma,' the front end of a waltz or two, and an occasional burst from ' Pinafore ' ; whilst; ever ana anon is neara above the din the everlasting chant of ' one-nan» two-wan, three-yan, four-an, one-nan, fcwo- wan,' etc., without which it appears no pupil can ever hope to became a bos3 player. Thia ia villainy which makes tho lodging-house boarders next door rush away from their tripe and fall dop?n on thoir knoeQ,and fervently pray that the toothache, earache, faceache, and stomachache may jump in one body on the man who first investod pianos, and stick to him as long as a master tailor's, memory does to a time-payment Civil Servant. And yet this is tho misery that tho Hon. Georgey wishes to spread broadcast throughout the land. Why, tho Bathurst burr is strawber ries and cream compared to ifc ; and by its malignant sido, the rabbit nuisance stands out with all the refulgent glory of an Apollo candle in a miser's pantry, Why piano-playing should be taught in High Schools is not easily explained. In the first place, if a person wishes to play there are thousands of instructors who get their living by thia very buaineso. And a3 our High Schools aro supported by tho State, these professional musicians aro actually compelled to support schools which literally ruin the poor musicians' ohance of living. Then again, rich and poor con tribute alike, but it is only the children of tho former who can reap the benefit of the piano play ing taught in our High Schools, because, while, the Hon. Longpurse is selecting one of Huenor j bein's 150-guinea ' Bluthners1 for hia High School heiress, poor old man Woggles, the bootmaker, is ? scooting about to buy his big girl a set of wash tubs. This seems rather rough on Wogglos. Then again. If our High Schools aro to teach piano-punching, it ia hard to osplain why they should not also teach ballot-dancing, and ' throo up,' and astrology, and the art of equalizing four buckets of water with ono quart of milk, and in fact why the State ohouldn't teach our children everything and anything oloo in addition that parents would like their pets fco learn, The plain fact is we aro fcoaching our boyo and girls was asked why she know 00 little wasn't very far out when oho replied, c Well I 'specie ifc'o because I've got so many books to learn.' The danger of odueating children off fcheiu feet io already be coming apparent. Time waa when a £ond mother would lean over her little firofc born farinaceous'1 f ood- punioher and say, ' Oh nony, nony. E muzzy tick iz ittlo iOotsie-wootoieB oufc from undy ze banky-wankiec, or he catchee catchee coly in his oweefcsie ifctle heady v/edy an' have zo naughty onufflos.' That was all right.. The moot bald' headed baby in the world could understand his mother tongue when spoken thai way ; but I am, told that when the heir apparent begins to buck the clothes oft now, hia mamma explains— ' Augustus George ! Secline this moment in ex * lenso, and never again allow me to perceive you exposing your pedal extremities by extending or 1 permitting them to protrude, even for the briefest interval, beyond the protecting osgis of. the blanket, as by so doing you will lay your system open to insidious attacks of catarrhal and neuralgic affections, and-dont- you-f orget-it.' And then Augustus George pokes his fist down his throat and begins to wonder in his own specula* tive way whether he haa been born into tho family of a Japanese Tycoon or a Highland gillie. It is with sincere pleasure that I now turn to another order recently given by tho Minister for Education, and ifc is one that, supposing hia ministerial career was as dark as the inside of a dead cow, this second mandate would redeem all, and light up his glory with all the dazzling ~ brightness of the noonday sun when turned on ? ' full power.' Mi*. Eeid has decided that plain cooking is to bo taught in public schools and that it is furthermore to bo a compulsory subject of instruction. Never oince the world began has a more important command beou issued. As ft boon to oooiety, Magna Oharta was only a bailiffs summons compared with this' Harriet Mavtinoau sayo the greatest evila in this world aro sin and bile, and although I cannofc speak from experience of tho former, still I can safely trump Harriot's remark as regards tho , lattsr. Ono of tho most frequont causes of bile ia bad cooking, and now that Mr. Reid is about to wipo out this, all we want to bring about tho millennium is for some other minister to do away with sin. ° Nothing gets tho average man's mad up sooner than an ill-cooked meal. Tired oufc after a hard day's work, tho husband comes home feeling that ho has no appetite except for a nice and tasty dish, and then the average wife planka down before him a something that looks like a navvy's hand with the fingers and thumb cut off, and this something is lazily reposing iu a sea of tan-water soup, in which a couple of dyspeptic looking potatoes are apparently swimming a match, for tho championship of Port Jackson. On making enquiry the husband is informed that tho menu consists of a splendid bit of steak and murphies, and then, if ho is a quiet, patient sort of man, he pelts th'o whole caboodlo of tho dinner fixings at hia wife'o head and reads the Riot Act out a3 loud aa a town bellman. But if he is a quick, hofc« tompored man ho kicks tho table up through the roof, darts out to tho neareDt pub, and fills him self up to tho oars with colonial wallop. Mr. Eoid's scheme, if properly carried out, will remedy all this. The Stuart Land Bill, tho LicoriBing Act, the Contempt of Court Bill, and the Eabbit Eviction Act are all good measures in thoir way, but thoy only affect certain classes. Mr. Boid's proposal affects all, and wo will forgive bio piano proclivities with pleasure whon wo hoar tho welcome cry of the teacher ringing through our schools— ' Firat class in devilled kidneys and tomato Giiuco, stand up. Irish stows, and cornod beef and cabbage, go to your kitchens* Mias Soyer — Bound a bcofoteak pio and describe the oxact latitude and longitudo of where the ham und onions in it ought to bo. Miss Cateror — ? Given a finite straight line of Mulroney'n bacon, describe an equilateral triangle upon it with a dozen frosh eggs.' This will bo a glad diy for us all indeed, and speaking sceptically, I am euro every man in'the colony will commend Mr. Eoid for his thoughtf illness in introducing so important a sub ject to tho rising generation. If ever a man deserved a groat big banquet now, that man is tho Hon. Q-oovge Eoid — may the hoavono bo his bed and all tho little otavo io night-lights. To wash, or not to wash, fchct io tho queatiou. Our City Fathers say v/o ohould not, but tho Wavorley«cz««.Bondi people, headed by that arch agitator, T. J. Murray, oay wo ohould. There ia a fair story told of an English workman who, being asked if ho wasn't rather dirty, replied perhaps he v/a3, but then excused himself by ex plaining that the boas of his foundry gave the men a picnic dov?n to the seaside once every five years, and on these occasions all hando were oup» posed to have a real good clean up, but unfortu nately he was too late for the train last time, and missed tho picnic, which picnic had started a matter of eight or nine years beforo. Judging from the recent report made by Mr. Trevor Jones* many of ua will bo in a somewhat similar fix to that Briton. 'We must either remain dirty now, or thirsty ia the future. Which is it to bo ? It would appear that the only possible means the Baron Lesaeps of our City Council can ouggOBt to prevent a short supply of water at the be ginning of the coming yoar ia for tho citizens to remain without their batho till then. And yet. although the ratepayoi'D-are not to uae their Botany taps for washing, ctill the Corporation give them selves full permission to use the Game to cleanse our streets with, because, according to the same report, ' the supply of salt water for atreet swabbing purposes is altogether insufficient ;' from ?which I infer that tho sea ia gradually growing dry. Some day, howover, a philosopher will per haps be elected who will understand that a con stant supply of puro water io ao necessary to health as air, light, or even alderrnauio banquets. Had we more properly-managed call- water baths within easy access, there would be no occasion to turn on the fresh-water taps, and the people of Waverley are to be therefore complimentsd on having solved a problem which for years has puzzled the venerable heads of Sydney's astute City Fathers. 