Mr. Dali.ey struck a very sympathetic chord at Maitland a few days ago when he so abiy pro nounced against the iniquitous law of libel, and sug gested its immediate alteration. Not only those engaged within the realm of journalism, but all who cherish a regard for the' sacred honour and glory of the institution, must read with delight the words of our cultured Attorney General— not so much for their setting forth the perils and dangers which unjustly 'en'compass newspaper men, but because of the weight they must have in speedi'-y conducing to a better state of things. Already, meetings are announced in- other parts in order to bring pressure to bear 011 the j Government to make an Amended Libel Act form one of the earliest measures of the approaching; Session, and we have every hope the result will be highly beneficial. It will not, however, require a vast amount of statecraft to effect a radical ai d essential change in the direction indicated. The present law is not only notoriously Draconic in prin- 'ciple, but its intricate meshes favour the impression that it has been designed to nurture and sustain red- tapeism. Under its umbrageous clauses the tyrant can. recline ; he can feast on the fruits of sincere men who seek to tear the veii from hypocrisy and vice ; and he is secure in the knowledge that a judicial despotism will sustain his efforts at all hazards. What wonder, then, if (he honest, intelli gent journalist should not give heed to the voice of public conscience, or allow immoral practices aud pernicious systems to pass unnoticed by him ? What ivonder that a Press which is lettered and trammelled should descend to servility — should ape the principles ol a mean and truckling organisation ? The critical privileges oi the Press, under the existing arbitrary regime, are narrowed down to such limits that render. Pressmen, even in the conscientious discharge of a public duly, liable to no end of inconvenience and loss. Instead of being aided, as a great and noble auxiliary, that it is, to the body politic in its efforts to elevate the moral tone of the State, in correcting vices, ridiculing follies, and dissipating ignorances, it is hampered by petty technicalities apparently set up as a barrier to' its natural provinces. It may in deed be wondered, why it s.hould be thus in au age of enlightenment and in a country that boasts the free dom of its British Constitution. Crush the power of the Press to-day by curtailing its liberty to honestly criticise, and we blight the nation's pros perity. Had France possessed a free Prees, the war that crushed the Napoleonic dynasty must have been averted and the glory of the Empire remained. The short-sighted Louis needed a dispassionate voice to warm him of his impetuosity and his uprepared- ltess to meet the encroachments of a disciplined foe. Our own rulers require the directing power of keen observing force as much as the masses demand an aegis for their security, and intelligence. If, then, the Press is the only channel through which such bless ings flow, where does the argument of the lights of the ermine come in, that journalists have no duties to, perform andean claim no privileges beyond those enjoyed by. the. ordinary business man ?. If a persou is educated that he may ably conduct a newspaper — which is admittedly a public boon — why should he not possess the same prerogative as the man who studies law for the benefit of the populace? The one is no more a financial spec, than the other, while the advantages are mutual. We have no sym pathy with a licentious Press that would privily assail and invade the sanctity of the family circle. But the law should certainly decide between, disso lute and lascivious writings and honest and impartial criticisms. No doubt the majesty of the law must be upheld in its integrity, but let that law.be su.ch that its rendering will not ouly be intelligible but equitable. Persecution would seem to be more the portion now of journalists whom justice should; in nine cases out of ten take under the shadow of her wiDg. But this lamentable condition of things is not likely much longer to obtain. The Press and people are crying out for sweeping reform, and we sincerely hope the coming session will see. their honest efforts consummated. Jocal and ©fltei 3pot£&. v- in the district. < Write, Ales, aud Spirits. tt \- ;«iard Table. hi A.J. FRANCIS. . Proprietor. or Woliiigrove Hotel. s W1 WELLING-ROVE. v 7 L- L-lc. CARTON begs to inform his friends ft fiu-.t i?:s Public, that he has purchased the -.re < situated Hotel, which has un- 8 -»h improvement ; and he is now in £ offer first-class Accommodation to u . ; - -i Public and others patronizing his ® tocked with the only Beat Brands p 1\. v and Spirits. g. au attentive Groom, and also a . - watered paddock. with the above Hotel is also the - astoreb and Post Office. The £ \- j the purcuaser of the Store, which b< th a Large and Seasonable Stock of 3 .ry, Boots aud Shoes, Oilmen's ; igery, &c.;, which he is Belling at \- Competition. -inection with the above Establish- tk8mith'8 Shop. Superior Work- G. I. Dramatic Club.— On Tuesday evening the members of this society gave an enfertainmeut . in aid of the funds of the R, C. Convent. The Hall was densely crowded and the pieces played were " Aurora Floyd" and " Don Juai ." Although the same programme was put forth on two previous occasions, yet, the creditable way in which it had been gone through, coupled with the charitable nature of the object on tbe recent occasion was 110 doubt sufficient reasou for the bumper house on Tuesday night. Of the manner in which our amateurs acquitted themselves, it is needless for us. to recapitulate our recent remarks, which, though of a laudatory, nature, were only merited. The only difference on Tuesday evening was an alteration in the cast of three characters — John, Mellish, sustained by Mr. J. Ward ; William Wil son, by Mr. W. H. Pearson ; and Mr. Floyd, by Mr. E. Earle, aud the effect was by tto means retarded thereby. Mr. Pearson's, conception of the character of an English county, footman was really good, but his "make up" was incorrect. Mr. Tindale im proved as Torn Con yora, and there was less stiffness in his acting throughout. The effect of the ghost scene in ' Don Juan," however, was simply spoilt through the glare of the footlights. Imagine an actor, whose specific gravity, is on the other side of 14st., pusing as an apparition in the effulgent 3'avs of 13 kerosene lamps on a confined stage, But m spite of this annoyance, Mr. Wagner played his part admirably— in fact, faultless. The applause was frequeut throughout, and testified to the ability of the players. The proceeds amounted to £39 14s. On the following evening the perform ance was repeated to a fair house for the benefit of Mrs. Tuhn Hunt. yjsj-. ; aHnTrusTsruy-ntrimymg-mic renience of his Patrons, und combining Civility Tp t Moderate Charges, to merit a fair share of Jf lie Support. or E BEDROOMS AND CUISINE, tha Being under the control of Mrs. M'Cormack, no" \- <>ro.pantv tt,«; 1. : Debating Society. — The inaugural debate of the Debating (_'!ub took place on Tuesday evening, the subject being — "That trial by jury should be abolished." The attendance was fair, aud the aigumentsyD-o and con very good. The ministry, however, were ousted by a majority of 8, the ayes being 4. and the noes 12. Mr. M. II. Fitzhardinge was thereupon chosen to form n'new Government. The subject for debate for Thursday evening, the 3i)th iustant, is— " That the present system of con ducting debate by ministry is not conducive to the best interests and principle of our Society." bb1rgiFgiGToom?i ""VKb" E PADDOCKS — Are secure, aud are abundantly grassed and watered. >n 0. /-is 00 nAr\T7-T\t/i . APnmrt "7T1 meeting of the kail/way league.— un Thursday morning a meeting of the members of ; the League was held in the Council Chambers for the purpose of taking s.teps to entertain the. Premier and the Hon the Minister for Public Instruction. The Mayor read a letter from the Hon. Alexander Stuart, stating that 'up, in company with his col league, would leave Graftou on the ISt'a for GJen Innes, proceeding thence to Invereil, and. returning to Sydney via Armidale. His Worship said they should give the distinguished visitors a fitting reception. It was his intention to entertain the Premier at a public ball j aud if the Hospjtal Com mittee were to postpone their arrangements, he would carry out his, intention on the night of the 21st September. It was then decided to banquet the Ministerial party, and the price of tickets were fixed at 25s. The Mayor, Messrs. Burridge, Munro, M'.Corraack, and Goodyer were appointed transit committee ; and Messrs. Boyd, Selkirk. Cotton, Phillips, and M'Rae catering committee. Mr. Stuart has since notified the kXayor that h.e. cannot stay longer tliau one uight at Glen Tunes, so the League wil-i meet again to day to make fresh ar- " rangements. Public Park. — It will be. seen by a notice else.where that the Mayor convenes a public meet ing for this afternoon for the purpose of eliciting an expression of opiuion as to where the sum of £200 — vested in the hands of the trustees— should be expended. Mr. District Surveyor Chard, we. believe, has recommended a site of 200 acres near the railway station. One of the trustees, however, with characteristic arrogance, refuses to sanction the expenditure of the money here, and suggests a part of the town that is in every way inappropriate. We hope there will be a good attendance of citizens to protest against such an impudent innovation. Trickett Again Defeated.— We received a " wire" on Saturday, intimating that Beach had beaten Trickett by three lengths. It only requires Laycock to beat Haitian, aud then Rush to beat Laycock, and the glorious " uncertainty" of lowing will be fully exemplified. Death of Archbishop Yaugii an. —We are quite sure the sad tidings of the death, of Arcli- bishop Yaughan will be read with feelings oFpfo- found sorrow by all classes of right-thinking per sons. A gentleman of refined taste, of great intel lectual capacity, and his mind cultivated by the deepest learning, his demise will create a gap in the Darrow ranks of our men of letters that will not be easily filled. Zealous in the cause he cham-. pioned, he was a noble example of unswerving integrity and honest intention. In his Grace the Catholic communion loses au able aud faithful exponent — the loss, indeed, in this respect being irreparable. His. action in the interests of Den.omi- natioualism and. unceasing exertions in the erection of the Pro-Cathedral were evidences of his love for the religion he embraced. From Horace, we may say of the lamented prelate— He, in conscious virtue bold, Dared his secret purpose hold, Unshaken heard the crowd's tumultuous cry, And the impetuous tyrant's brow defied." London Opera Bouffe: Company — weciyi promise our town and subujiafi-i«tieat in the histrionic liiigjjiTsweek, when will appear at the MusjjsrfJJn on Thursday evening the London JSpSra Bouffe Company, comprising some of the leading, talent of the day. Our Invereil exchanges are in ecstacies oyer the troupe — the Argus devot ing two columns to favourable criticisms. The opening night here was announced for last even- , ing, but owing to the unequalled success at In- ' verc-11, they haye been induced, to prolong their stay in the sister town. t Roman Catholic.— Stations will be held this, j week at the fpllowing.places . — Mrs. Cole's and Mr. lW. Cartan's, Wellingrove ; and Mr. D. Hogan's and Mr. W. Sullivan's, Clarevanlx. On Sunday next mass will be celebrated at 11 ; at 3, Sunday school ; .and, at 7.30 p.m., vespers, sermon, and. the Benediction, of the Most Holy Sacrament. Presbyterian.— The Rev. A. Cameron will preach next Sabbath at, Glen Innes at 11. The Rev. R.Kay will preach at Wellingrove at 11, and at Mr. A. Davidson's, Clarevaulx, at 3 p.m. Prayer meeting on Wednesday evening in the Temperance Hall at 7.30. Cricket Cluh. — A meeting was held at Mr. T. Doust's residence on Friday evening, for the pur-, pose of forming a Commercial Cricket Club. A. goodly number of our young men, who follow sedentary occupations, were in. attendance, and the club was duly formed. By this.means, store assis tants, &c.;, will be enabled to pass the. monthly holiday in a hpF-ithful ar d amusing way. The Annexation Question.—1 Tho Argus' London correspondent telegrnphR : — "The Satur day Review, , commenting upon the request of the Australasian colonies for the annexation of New Guinea and the Islands, in. the Western Pacific, exppcts that serious. difficulty will arise unlesB Lord Derby yields to the wishes of the colonies. It specially notices that tho colonies address England, as though they were nn equal power. The Statist predicts that separation will take place unless England prevents the trans portation of French convicts to the Pacific." Death from Fuioht.— A child, seven years old, the son of a sweep, and therefore not likely to have been brought up too tenderly (says an English paper), fell down and died froiii fright at seeing to eider boys fighting. There is said to have heen no organic disease discernible on post mortem examination. This is remarkable, but it is, of course, possible that the impression made. on the brain of this child may have been so strong as to arrest his heart's, action. We confess wc should like to hear more of the case in its strictly medical aspect. Meanwhile there can be no hesitation in pronouncing a strong opinion against the exposure of young children to powerfully affecting and more particularly terrifying spectacles. The practice of "frigh tening" children either to quieten tliem orsiinpjy ass diversion is inhuman in the extreme. Many cases of epilepsy have had this sort of agency for their exciting cause. It is a cruel and heart less pastime in which too ninny otherwise kindly intentioued persons arc wont to in dulge. The Sale ok Mr. S. Brown's Property at Bolivia. — We have been compelled to hold over a rather lengthy advt. of this sale until next issue. A strange sporting wag<-r was (says the Gee- long Advertiser ) made at a well-known hostelry between Corio Bay and the Barwott river on Thursday evening, when the betting fever ' caught at the race-meeting was strong among :nen. A well-known metropolitan patro.n of the turf, the story goes, during the conversation anent the Patlian informers, and the murder of Carey, with an equally well- known B.allarat tnifite, offered to "lay a leva! £50 not 0" that O'Domieli, who fired the fatal shot, would cs cape capital punishment. The gotdfields man accepted the wager, and the money was duly sr.- Ued. The believer in O'Doouell's safety from the hangman's noose subsequently offered to increase the amount of the bet to £500, hut the acceptor declined to extend the wager. Cure for Asthma. — A £ Cot-, stain Reader" of the New Zealand Times writes thai he has re ceived great relief frutu attacks of asthma In- drying anil smoking hluegum leaves, and lie is desirous of extending a knowledge of this simple , cure through tho columns of our journal to others who may suffer from the same truuble- some complaint. I A Principality For £1000.— The Earl of !. Carnarvon, Bir Aithur Stepney, and Sir Julius I' Vogel, according to an announcement in the canuneruiul columns of the Argus, have pur- ; chased the pre-emptive right of purchase of pastoral properties of 5.12,000 acres and 9.1,000 acres respectively, at Euola, 011 the south— wes tern boundary of South Australia. Marriage projected between Mr. J. E. Red mond, J/.P. and Miss Dalton, daughter of Mr. Dalton, ex-magistrate at Orange. 