OddMlowship. ^ THE New South Wales branch of the Independent Order of OddfellowB, Manchester Unity, held its an nual moveable committee at Bathurst last week, when Edward Ball, of Goulburn, Grand Master, William Johnson, Deputy Grand Master, and Edwin Schofield, Corresponding Seoretary of the order, were present, besides representatives from the Sydney, Cumberland, Hunter Uiver, Goulburn," Newcastle, Bathurst, Tamworth, Riverina, and Braidwood dis tricts, numbering 55 officers and deputies in all. The committee met at 10 a.m. in the Oddfellows' Hall, under the presidency of Grand Master Boll, who de livered an inaugural address, eulogising the principles of the order and detailing ita progress during the past year. He stated that the society's social and finan cial position was of a very satisfactory character. During tho past year 1188 new members have joined the institution ; ¿68305 3s 4d has been paid to sick members; ¿83329 11s ld for funeral donations; and ¿61699 9s 2d to widows and orphans. He thanked his colleagues, and especially tho Correspond Sopretary (Edwin Schofield) for assistance ably and willingly rendered to enable him to carry out the duties of his high offioe. Bros. Lees, Slack, and Ribee wore then ohosen as scrutineers for the election of officers for the ensuing year. The audi tors' report and balance-sheet were read and adopted. From the roturas attaohed to these, it appears that the Manchester Unity in New South Wales has in the nine districts into which it is subdivided, a total of 122 lodges, returning 10,965 members good upon their books. The total worth of funds at the end of the year amounted to ¿896,479 5a 2d, showing an increase "for tho year of ¿69199 17s 2d. The amount of ' lodge funds invested at the same periodlwas¿663,179 Os lld. Eloven now lodges wore opened and ono closed during the yoar. Tho average of lodge and district funes per member was £815s ll£d, boing a decrease on last year of 2s 6jd per member. This decrease may in some moasure boacoounted for by tho fact that a num ber of new lodges sent in no returns last year, and having done so this year, their numbers being con siderable, and their capital small, giving only an average of about £é 10s per member, the general average is thus < reduced. The tables of mortality and siokness show the average siokness of the whole as five days, eight hours, 19min ; the number of members sick as 1 in 8¿, and the rate of mortality 1 in 126. The average levies for the year for distriot fund, funeral fund, and widows and orphans fund amounted to 12s l^d per member. The report of tho Grand Master and board of direotors was also read and adopted with slight amendment. Tho following are amongst it prinoipal features :-A suggestion that, whore there, aro competent officers whose sorvioos may be available for the purpose, the board may bo authorised to appoint suoh to visit tho districts and lodges throughout tho colony, with tho authority to correct errors and socure uniformity in lectures, degrees, and business, and to examine tho books and adviso and instruct tho officors as to tho best methods of bookkeeping, rendering- returns, &o.; It also proposod tho appointment of a parliamentary committee to watch all legislativo notion that tho Government may initiate affecting the welfare of the order, especially in connection with tho labours of the late royal commission on friendly societies. And it expressed an opinion that the time had arrived for the establishment of a unity superanuation fund, in order that all members on attaining a certain age, may becomo entitled to a weekly allowance and relieved from paying contribu tions to tho lodge funds in thoir old age, feeling as sured that under judicious management the fund would become self-supporting and a source of great good to tho order. The unity levy for the ensuing year was fixed at 4d, the corresponding secretary stating that whilst the board in Now South Wales could perform its functions with that amount it takes from ls Dd to 2s to work tho same in Victoria. The next business before the opmmittee was the election of officers and board of direotors for tho ensuing year, tho result being as follows:-Grand master, W. Gelding ; doouty-grand master, John Swadling ; cor responding secretary, Edwin Schofield ; treasurer, \--Chapman. Tho salary of tho C.S. was fixed at .£100 for tho yoar, and that of the treasurer at «83 3s. Brothers Mutton, Gibbons, and Winiam Gelding wore elected auditors. Tho following wero elected on the board of directors :-Sydney Distriot, P.G.M's . Kettle, Tolfor and Deacon; P.G.'s Eoynolds, Cox, Murphy and M'Laughlan ; Cumberland, P.P.G.M. Meade ; Hunter River, no' nomination received ; Goulburn, P.G;, Millard; Newcastle, P.P.G.M. Kempster; Bathurst, P.P.G.M. Barnett; Tam worth, P.P.G.M. Mahoney: Riverina, P.P,G.M. Watson; Braidwood, P.P.C.S. White. An applica tion from the Hunter River district for relief in legal expenses was received ; but, it appearing that the case was of 10 years' standing, already decided by the law, courts, and discussed at a previous A.M..C, it was resolved that the application be not acoeded to- The sum of ¿610 10s was voted to the Bathurst Hospital, in the name of P.P.C.S. Slack, and ¿65 to the Sydney Infirmary, in the name of C.S. Schofield. The newly-elected officers were then in stalled in their respective chairs, which were vacated by the retiring ones. It was resolved that the sum of ¿615 15s bo paid to the late grandmaster, and ¿61010s each to the D.G.M. and C.S., to cover their expenses in attending this committee. It waa re solved that the A.M.C. next year Bhall be held at Goulburn. Votes of thanks were carried unanimously to the retiring officers, to the Bathurst district for their hospitable recep tion of the officers and delegates, to the scrutineers, and to the members of the Press for their attendance at the meeting. A suitable testimonial and.suit of regalia were voted to Past G. M. Ball on his retiring from the chair. The deputies residing in Sydney, in conjunction with the officers of the order, were appointed as a parliamentary committee The minutes of tho meeting having been read by the C.S., there being no further business to transact, the Grand Master declared tho samo duly closed. In the evening the officers and dolegatos, with other ghosts, numbering upwards of 70 in all, sat down to a sumptuous banquet provided at host Catties by the members of the local lodge, at which Mr. E. Webb, M.P., presided. Tho usual loyal and oddfellow's toasts followed and gave auiplo scope for some admira ble speeches by tho chairman, visitors, and hosts. A most harmonious and happy ovening was passed, and all who had tho good fortuno to visit the boautiful city of Bathurst on this occasion will have carried away with thom the most pleasing reminiaoens.es of their trip, , 