REVIEW. ♦SQUATTING IN VICTORIA. To the roll of Australian literature Mr E. M. Curr has contributed a work giving ten years' recollections of squatting in "Victoria. They form an easily flowing mixture of common-sense and romance ; of hints from which the plodding bush man of to-day may derive encouragement and instruction, and of portrayals of abori ginal life. While the pages abound in material of general interest, their chief value centres in the accurate, dispassion ate and kindly fashion after which the author descants on the primitive children of our woods. Information on customs touching birth and burial, maidenhood and marriage, friendship and war, whilst admirably conveyed in anecdotal phraseo logy,is couched in thelanguageof one whoso keenobservant powers havebeen toned and matured by reading, rellection and com parison. Sir Curr is a gentlemanly itobinson Crusoe in whom the practical predominates, to which the humorous passages, which are seldom labored, stand out in strong and pleasurable relief. Ap parently priding himself on his linguistic attainments, he culls freely from divers tongues, the quotations being apt enough, though Bomehow the French accents have been misplaced in grotesque fashion. This man of the world, who lia3 seen many races and countries, is refreshingly full of frank admiration for the beautiful and the good, his sentiments in this regard contrasting with the false coloring which some superficial yet popular writers of the day impart so lightly to " their effusions. Of the African descent of the dark-skinned race of this continent he entertains no doubt, and on this point : promises precise proof at a future time. As to the belief of a tribe with whose manners he was specially conversant, the brusque statement is—"Religious wor ship the Bangerang had none." As the result of several conversations on the sub ject, the conclusion at which he ar rived was, that they stood in considerable awe of a powerful :. spiritual Being, whose iuterferenco in * their affairs was deemed to be usually of . a malevolent character, but whose princi • ' pal attributes, such as power and know ledge, aro by Christians attributed to God. This spirit white-men taught the Blacks ' to call debble - debble, and hence people \- ■'!commonly say the Blacks believe in the devil but not in God. Of superstitions, .... however, the Bangerang had a plentiful . crop. , Suicide was unknown among "'" them. The volume under review is ^ - printed on • good paper. Tho typo is • c. excellent, so large as to enable many short-sighted readers to discard for the ;I ) nbnee " the aid of spectacles. It may be added that these Recollections are i not:of> uniform value : for instance, the •^ excision ofa/certain ghost-story from future editions is desirable. But" the I tout ensemble, as Mr Curr would say, is admirable ; and in these days when much prurient literature finds its insidious way into the home-circle, it may not be out of place to mention that a perusal of the work is calculated to strengthen and im prove, but not to sully, the mind of the young and unsophisticated. ■"Recollections of Squatting in Victoria, then called the Port Phillip IJistrict, from 1S41 to 1851—By Kdward M. Curr. George Robert eon : Melbourne. Sydney, and Adelaide. 