THE RAISING OF THE AUSTRAL [BY SPECIAL WIRE.] (FROM OUR OWN OOBTVESPONDENT.) SYDNEY, WEDNESDAY. The following will afford some idea of the means adopted for raising the Austral : Within a day or two after the vessel went down the company's local agents took prompt steps for removing all available articles from the interior of the ship, and for stopping up the apertures by which the water had flowed in. Beyond that nothing could be done until the board of directors had decided upon the measures they would adopt for raising the ship. not much time was lost in doing this and the Sydney agent was speedily apprised of the kind of work to be performed, pending the arrival of the company's naval architect- The best authorities in England were consulted by the directors as to the best means of raising the Austral, and the plan resolved upon was the construction of a coffer-dam. The main principle of this is merely that of a dam for keeping back the water. In the case of the Austral it was absolutely necessary before attempting to raise her to pump the water out ; but the very first thing to be done was to make provision for keeping the water out when it was once expelled. The simplest and most effective method was to construct a dam all round the upper part of the ship. In other words, the sides of the vessel were built up above the water, so that instead of being entirely submerged her top sides were practically raised a few feet above the surface, The water with which she was filled would then be pumped out, and the vessel should rise by her own buoyancy. The Austral has been lying in about 52ft. of water in the deepest part, no portion of the deck reaching the surface The fore part was only 18in, under water at low tide, but in the after part of the vessel there was in one corner 26ft. of water washing over the upper deck. The coffer- dam was commenced at the upper deck, and reached above the surface the full length of the vessel. It was made of planks of kauri pine strongly fitted together, forming a wall several inches thick. It was made in sections left. long. Each section, when completed, was lowered, and strongly secured in its place by divers, The heaviest work was in the after part of the ship, where there was from 20ft. to 25ft. of water to contend with. The fixing of this coffer-dam or wall was, however, by no means the most difficult part of the work. While the ship was full of water the outer pressure against this wall was neutralised by the resistance of the water on the inner side. When the pumps were put in operation, however, this resistance was of course removed, and the wall had to withstand the enormous lateral pressure of 996\. to the square inch. In order, therefore, to prevent a collapse of the vessel, the two walls, which extend along the ship from stem to stern, have been shored upon the inner sides. Not only are there great strong teams extending horizontally from side to side, but there are numerous powerful supports extending across the vessel diagonally, the wall or coffer-dam being also scored against the masts wherever practicable, so that it is virtually as strong as the permanent sides of the ship. When this walling was completed all round, instead of having it caulked, which would have involved great delay, it was made watertight by means of an outer covering of canvas. For this purpose 20,000ft. of canvas was required. The operations were rendered somewhat more difficult than is usually the case In connexion with sunken vessels, in consequence of the comparatively slight rise and fall of the tide in Sydney Harbour. The maximum rise and fall is about five feet, which affords little opportunity for taking advantage of the low tide. The pumping gear, which was specially supplied by Messrs. Robison Brothers and Co., of Melbourne, and fitted up and worked under the personal superintendence of Mr. R. Hilliard, has a total capacity of 230 tons per minute. The motive power for the pumps was supplied by the steamers Britannia, Prince of Wales, Princess Annie, Maggie, and Mary. In order to keep the vessel steady while it was rising, guys from the masthead were secured to hopper barges, one being stationed on each side of the ship. The number of men who have been constantly employed at the ship since the beginning of the year is about 100, including 16 divers, Two of those were obtained from England, and three others, highly experienced men, were placed at the disposal of the company by the Government. The Government also rendered every other assistance in its power, granting the use of hopper barges and other plant. Very satisfactory progress was made to-day in connexion with the work of raising the Austral, and it is confidently expected that she will be successfully floated before 8 o'clock to-morrow morning. When operations were suspended last night the vessel wasailoL' astern, but her head was aground. It had then been discovered that there was an inflow of water forward in consequence of Some of thcglasBsideligh is being broken, while the water in the hold of the ship could not be kept under control, owing evidently to the bulkheads not being all securely closed. The effect of this was that as the vessel floated off the water in the hull surged forward, and assisted to keep her head down, while the in flow through the broken side lights added to the weight of water in the fore part of the ship. The first work under- taken this morning was the discovery of the apertures, and taking steps to make the vessel watertight. This was satisfactorily accomplished during the forenoon, and the water in the hull was afterwards reduced below the line of the side lights that were leaking so badly. In the meantime divers were engaged exploring the interior of the ship for the purpose of testing the stability of the bulkheads. This was not an easy task, as the water in the hull is as black as ink, and the light is shut out from below by the decIiB and the coffer dam, The divers, therefore, could not see an inch in front of them. After a patient investiga- tion, however, it was discovered that some of the bulkhead doors were open, thereby permitting the water to wash freely fore and aft. These doors were securely closed, and there is now no known leakage in the hull. One of the pumps was fitted up forward to-day, and pumping was carried on at intervals with satisfactory results. When the operations were suspended this evening the water had been reduced to 18in, below the forecastle dock. There was no pumping aft, as that part of the ship is already well afloat, and the main object of the work was to increase the buoyancy forward, There was such a strong S.W. wind blowing in the afternoon that those in charge were reluctant to attempt to float the ship. Everything, however, was got in readiness for to-morrow morning. Pumping will commence at 6 o'clock, and if the weather should be favourable the Austral will, Mr. Eldridge confidently expects, be afloat between 7 and 8 o'clock. The Commodore and several other steamers will be in readiness to tow her into shallow water higher up Neutral Bay, where she will be grounded and stripped of the cofferdam. 'i here are upwards of 250 tons of top hamper, including the dam and pumping gear, above the bulwarks. As the ship is destitute of cargo to steady her the top weight will have to be reduced as speedily as possible when the ship is wholly afloat. AccountING to the Dublin correspondent of a London paper a statement is current in Galway, and is gaining credence among the superstitious, that the ghost of Myles Joyce, a man who declared his innocence of participation in the Maamtraana rrmaBacre on the scaffold, is Been nightly round and within the prison of Galway, Two soldiers, it is said, were visited while on their guard outside the gaol, a night or two previous, by a tall, mysterious figure that (laid hold of their rifles. The matrons and warders have, it is further said, applied for A transfer. 