EBIlTISHK ANp ,1OREIGN ] BiKLE ~- . SOCIETY. THE annual meeting of the Goulburn auxiliary of the above was held in the hall of the oMechanins! IiTstitute on Monday venring hlis'. Abolt ;a .liu dred lpeople were 'present,'"iffcluding inariy la'dies. Tho chair was occupied by Mr. WY:'PDiabie'(Mali or of Gdulburn ahd plesident of the auxiliary); and on the platform were seated-The Right-Rov.;tho-Lord Bishop of Goulburn, the eYon. Archdeacon Puddi combe, and the Revs. R. Sellers, Auchinleoh-,Ross, and, W.Y Ms. .Martyn, anrid Meshis. .S. ...Ellaoinoro (sedretary), J. Brownhill (treasurer), and J. Cald well. Proceedings were commnenced by singing a hymn, after which the Rev. R. Sellers read the l~th Psalm? and the'Ven. iArchdeaddnPfiddcombe 6hn gaged i praiyer. The cliaith an read apoli gies for non-attendance from the;Rev.:A. M. Tait, the Rev. G. James, Dr. Sly, and MiS . M. Botts. The Chairman said it ivai'vry pleasant to him to meet all those engaged in Christian work, dspaci ally in the work of disseminating the pure word of God, and he looked forward t Ithelir' annual tieetA ings with a very great ddal hf pliasir&e.; It' lacked twenty-one years of the ce'tury since that grand institution; the British and FGreign9lBible Society, was established. At that .time he 1blieyed there were not more than five millions ofd Bibles in circ2t lation; and the society hrid been instrumental in distributing one hundred millions of, copies of ;the seriptuiros or of portions of them.i So extraordinary ihad been the efforts put forth by it not only to'dis-. tribute the Bible, but to bring down the price within the compass of everyone, that now a 'Bible cobld'be purchased for 6d, a testament for 2d, and a 'gospel for Id. Of course this was done by.the aid of con-' tributions; they could not be'produced by the society for the price at which they were sold,, but it was done through the liberality of its friends in all parts of the world. He did not,lknow.what had been the proceedings of the society during the. past twelve months; but he had no reason; to believe that their efforts had in any degree relaxed, or that the issue would notbear favourable comparison with the issues of former years. He would not be sur prised to hear that during 1882 the issue had riot been very far short of three millions. He believed the scriptures had been published in 250 languages, and that was a very respectable effort towards meet ing the wants the of world regarding the spread of the.,gospel of. God. They must not forget that there were many other societies engaged in the same .work, although not one of them had been so successful as this one; but lie believed if the efforts of, the parent society had been successful in dis tributing say from ninety to a hundred millions of copies of the scriptures, the other societies had not contributed in the aggregate leas; and since the socidty had been established there had been distri buted probably no less'than two hundred millions of copies of the word of God They were connected with a great institution; there was nothing. small oi feeble about it. The society had had opposi tion:; ,btit'conld they expect anything to the con trary,:for would' not the wicked oppose the dis trilbution of the scriptures ? They had opposition at first and he supposed they would have it to' the last; but he thought the truth would win. For his part, he thought that this opposition ran through everything in society, and that the world would not get along so well without it. If theyhad not opposition in business they would not work half so well as they did. It excited them to perseverance ; it was that which made them strong. :It was a feeble church, a feeble religion, a feeble society that had no opposition. When they had something to contend against, then all their better feelings were aroused, and they did their best. Ho sometimes vertured to express a hope that he miiglit live long enough to see the hall of the institute,erowded at their annual meeting; and although' h4-viis afraid he would not see it, he would still continue to cherish the hope. He honestly believed thatth6 echurches. of Goulburn were never doing a work whiich would" have a greater reflex on their well- being:than 'in distributing the word of God. He though~t it was a much better thing that a family should have a large, gilt-edged Bible than a common tenpenny one; it was an improvement, an advancemesit. So ~thoy should strive to distribute better copies of the Scrip ture where they already b7reo, and they should especially strive to introduce them where they were not. He was happy to say that now, he 'believed, the whole of China was open by a decree of the Go vernment to thle colporteurs and agents of thd British and Foreign Bible Society. He would not take up their time any longer. Some day he'would like to be left out of the chair at the meeting to move a resolution, when he could express his feelings .at 6greater length on the subject.l He sould now call upon the secretary to read the report-(applause.) Mr. S. F. Blaekmoee (secretary) 'then 'read the following repdrt :-- . Your committee regret that the success of this soeiety duiing tle 'pat year has not been so.great as they could havosdesired-; Insconscqsosce of Mr. Channon iavint' GoulbuinihilJuly last youe seoiety lost his vawiieble seivices as secretary. H sevae a most efflicient olficor, and your thanks are dueoto him for his :indofatigabld 'attention to the rogihlar working of the society; in February Mr. S. F Blackmore was appointed secretary. During the year. as proposed in the last report, the districts have been re arranged, and the lady collectors have done their best to secure a good collectid~n fol the year i the totael'amoauit col lected by.them being £50 17s Sd. ' Your thanks are due to these ladies 'foi-.thdir'solfdleyinga.nd?perse?v?riig efforts in canvassing the city. The branches ofe the soieety have not done as well during the last year as in previous years. The sum of £7 ils has been received from Crookwell ad Binda, and £5 from Yas No doubt other bramthloiooiay remit;. but it is to be regretted that their effdrtson':behahlf of this society cannot be acknowledged is this report. Thanks are due to those bramncehs:whohave so kindly co operated with your committee Your committee are happy to report that they have boon able toremit to the parent society a free contribution of £100. During thelyear a communication'voas received from the Now South Wales auxiliary suggesting the amalgamation of all dther axisting auxiliaries in New South Wales with theirs, but after a careful cobnstdemration of this suggestion the prdposals of the Sydney committee wro coiarteously deliued. Your committee rejoice at the: ootinued'niarkced lpro gross of thi'paroit society; and whilst earnestly ree rding their thanks to Almighty God for the past, earnestly im plore His guidance and blessing.in, the future ': The balancelsheet, wvhichi 'aas ered by r. J.M Brownhil (tieasurer), w?s as follo :?ws . ": '"'" cA.AN E.SE T • s ast .. R."' " /,£ a d 1885.-To balance from last adif ..S.....;t.81 4 7 Feb. 28 ,, collection at public meating ...... 5 s 3 Mlay 1 ,, Wesleyan Sunday-school......e .... 3 12 0 1883. Feb. 10 ,' Creaokiwll aiid Bindid ibnrihc.h . .il 7 11 Mar. 10 ,, Yess brasmi (Msr rO'LCrit ) .:..... "'5 s:0"0 Collected by Mrsr H:' Kenrr : 7.:.... 75 518 !0 S . Miss Grunsell "....,-,'S8 16 0 i,, ,f ,Miis, 1ntoa? annd,,"~ ,!.,, •/. Miss Wombey 4.... 4 4 - ,'!:9' Miss Bilver"o t..: ..:'a 2r 8 1" , Mrs Caldwell ....7..' 17 0 Sr :i ' ,n, :0Mrs -Blrlekmoro'.. 5:14' 5 Mrs. W, Davies...... ji,80 9 Jan. ,,?contributions by 0, S. Alexander 2 2 05 ApI. 18 ,, W.: B F'i all airleo of bibles '.1. 10 7 ,, refund on fire iiiui-dfii'c ..':i.? ':d ' 51 1888\. "T"?.,"n',".-".:<t ;;s 1 Feb. 15..To Sl eheanin ' Iastituto, for rest 2 , '" ', fro iaitieraca asoi bibles ... 6 ,, oulbdirn Herald; for printig ra : port, i. ' '....' '.... 8 10 6 :.: ) ,'lov. G.;Oardiner's ,5poi'ises! ...i.. s 010 0 ,, W. 5. Foxall, for stationers..y ..;. 0 :3 2 ,, T Danil, priting ......... ........ 0 11 0 April 14., draft to London for prent society 100 1S ,5 •• ,,18 8 8 Thoe Right:Rbev the.Lord Bishop of Goulburn rose to move the first resolution-" That the report and balance-sheet be:adopted and printed for circu lation.'2 He riid, ila moving this rb~oh?itibn I slhaill confine myself to the general aspects of the subject, for on this occasion I possess no special hluowledg·e of the labours of the society during the past twelvie months. We desire to circulate the Bible because we believe that "all scripture is given by inspiration of God;" that it is the word of God "written by holy men as they were moved by the Holy Ghost;" and because we feel that "'there is no beok on which we can rest in a dying moment but the Bible!" Modern "free thought,' as it is callcd-("unbridled tlhotlight" would be a better' namo)-hlias, however;. made very free with the charsicter of this precious book, ind maligned it fearfully. Bitt the mooe it is sifted the more genuine itis proved to be, andthe more reliable as the guide of perishing man throiugli this sinful world to ai land of certainty, puity, and holiness. The 'scientific infidel would indeed persuade us to east aside this unique volume snd to follow his guidance into the dark paths of un oertainty and conjecture, doubt, and despair. But, as was truly said by a man of science of thb first order, we must follow the scientific infidel on his own ground-we must chaellodige him to produce his proofs; and then we shall findthat no single tlhing lis" ov'r yet"dbeen demonstrated by any slience which upsets a single doctrine, of. the Gospel, whichs contradicts a single stlatbil;u of the Bible, tvhen rightly interpreted., For if. io?refcr t' 'the'con clusions of astronomers, we learn that true -science, and the Bible reasonably interpreted, are in no way edipto none another.' .And; as to geology, the istry lf 'i'cti6 gilenji Genesits iis; not a' wealc point as some would have believed; on the contrary it is one of the strongest evidence of the. inspiration of that book. The only possible way of acdiuntih??oith6; a'ciiracy of.thl e aceount0of the crertion .gien in Geiiesis is to believe that thle writer of th't book 'iwas.taunght the .truth by direct inspiration of God. How wonderfully men are sou~etimes carried away .by~tho bald assertions of men.who present us with fig'mnonts-instead of facts. For example, what has Darwin's "ttheory of evolution" to do with true scienco? It i'.imbere clever conjecture, a conjecture ,?musupported by evidence, a theory contradicted b1y all observed fcts.,: by.all history, by all experience! The time will cosde when thoe scienitifio' world will abandon tle2:guesses of Darwin~andl othgi~, and adopt the only thorywhichl explaidns everytling-tho theory whlich was revi?aled by in'epirdtibn of God to that greatest of the prophets vwhlo vwrote the book of Genesis ! No no! we'~illiobt':giv: ip Ithoe Bible! but cling to its precious promises with tho.greatest. tenacity, because we know in our inward experience that 'the Almighlty Creatbr of tlhe universe is the God manidFatherdo f ; isr Lofd Jdesus Ohrist. >And if in Him; gilr G6cd, e coipare thte noble ariny of the great~and good who havel accepted and those who he've rdj~ted the scdiritisrs ?wo ae-iproud to stand idedby'side' vwith the foremost mei of all genera tions wh'o have beenobinefactors of their fellows because they ?wero' aiiinated :l3y the' jrinciples of this divine book. And when we study the scrip tshrts"and maitk?the inrvellous continuity of subject and thought and'successionof revelation and agree ment among the sacred writers upon the great topics which concern man's highest wvelfare here and his highest hopes hereafter, we feel that our feet are planted upon a rock, while we build our hopes for eternity upon the sure. word of God. Again, hvlieflive:findbthat the history (which has been proved to be true as a history) is indissolubly bound up with miracles and superl~uman egency when we find that the doctrines are confirmed by the miracles andl the miracles by the doctrines we become lpersuaded.hat we have a most convincing proof that the doctrines came from Him who hasi all power in heaven and earth. Men of science pro tend to raise objections.against everything miracul ous, bhst science itself has nothing to say on the subjeet- nothing to; say against miracles! The iprboplh6eciesj, too, which have been fulfilled, which are still being fulfilled, fully demonstrate that tihe Scriptures are divinely. inspired. Remember that according to the piedictions of this book, Babylon has been " swept wihth.he besom of destruction" (Isaiah); thaLtANinefvh liasbedn ihiade '?' desola tion" (Nahlin); that Tyre has become "a place to dry nets in" (Ezekiel) that Egypt; '.' the basest of the khingdoms," has never been able to" exalt itself above the nations" (Ezekiel); that Jerusalem ias been " troddemi down dif the Gentiles,"' according to the lrjdic;t i6ssdf3 the Lordk(LLke). i?. aiii, if ve leook ait hte te8ridency ad .m~oral influence of the siipt eil4e·~v hliallffiid'thit the' Biblositaiuds abso luve]bh alone among all the books of ~all the ages; desined to elevate man as a creature of, God, so that he may be a pattern of virtue and morality. The Bible teaches mn uniformly to do justice, speai truth, show mercy, - etxercise mutuial forgive ness, bridle appetites. and passions, and lead sober, honest, and godly lives ! Above all it teaches man that he is'a sinner, needing 'divine forgiveness, needing a-.dew heart Aimd a right spirit; needing the teaching and constant aid of the Holy Ghost, that he may be led to rest only upon the Lord Jesus Christ. If men were duly .influenced by the divine word and spirit 'hat: a-ehanged world this would be. ...But the. Bib le 'xhibits to us ohe char acter, which is a.combiiration of all the usual ex dellencies. The four -Ehan oliststisithlitit concert, without thinldking of it, have pourtrayed a perfect and faultless character which all the philosophers, orators, and poets of the world had utterly failed to -.depict or, to imagine. They. have given the history of one. whose spirit, :words, anid, actions were, in every particular, what they ought to have been; who never deviated froni tho"most consummate wisdom, purity, benevolence, compas sion, meekness, humility, courage, :pietjy, zeal, 0ir: any other excellency. The perfection of the chlaracter of Jesus of Nazareth, the evident union ofthe god head and the manhood in Him, challenges invosti gation and sets all infidelity at defiance. WYe must' therefore conclude either that the four evangelists exceeded in genius and intellectual capacity all other writers that ever lived, or that they were guided under divine inspiration in describing the words and works of besus'to' represent the minute featudres of a godliko character; for without effort or affectation they had performed that whichl had baffled all' others who had ever attempted it. "To sumuiipthese unanswerable evidences of thei divinity of the Bible we hav'e'tle final, e.idenco of our own conseiousness." " He that believethi hath the witness in himself." I know, by evidenice far too sublimie for the world-!. ling to understand, that when I place "my faith inh the Bible and build my hopes.for eternity upon the reality of its:.truths T. shal.l never be, dismayed'! lO ieersl. .- , .. . The isev.:R. Sellers had"minucl pleaeure in, rising to second theresolution which had been so very ably moved by his Lordship the Bishop of Goulburn. .He regretted that they had not been favored withl the most recent report of the operations of, the Britifh and Foreign Bible Society. The last report that he had was for the year 1870. In lookiing over it he sas deeply interosted in markidngtheeoperations of the society in 'Europe and in every part of the globe. Refcronde'.was madoeini itto tlhe distribution' of Bibles ainongst the nRussian soldiers engaged in the recent war with Turkey. Almost half-a-million of copies were given to them, and it wiis said that amongst t~he prisoners taken from the Turks there were very few who would not receive the Bible. It was plea sant to see that the word of God was now finding its way into countries which had so long been closed against it. Upwards of 50,000 copies of the. Bible or testaments were in circulation in Italy; in Ahsttia' they were also being disseminated; and in-Russia the society had its agents. Then- again among the. Iddies there were some whose sole business it was to supply those who were exiled to Siberia, so that they left Moscow with' copies of the word of God to cheer and comfort them in thlioir exile. It was pleasing, too, to find that .the Scriptures were being circulated in different languages. He was struck some tihne ago in reading an account of the placing of the obelisk purchased from Egypt in position on thlie Thames embankment, to find that amongst the articles placed in the cavity of the obelisk was a portion of the word of God translated into 217 different languages. It was the verse-" God so loved the world that He gave His only begotten Son that Whosoever believothl in Him should not perish, but have everlasting life." They were thankful to know that through the energy of the missionaries, who had translated the scriptures into those different languages, they had that verse-not td be buried beneath the obelisk, but to be eirou Sated amongst the people-God's own word for all timo, and when they looked at the advantages which resulted frim the circulation of that word, they wvere more and more convinced that in doing that work they were aiding in aivork second to none in importance. 'When they founmd a Bible-loving peo ple they would always find a people who were ready to keep the laws, rospecthing the powers that be, knowing that they-wero ordained of God; and he felt sun'that if they could only get the scriptures circulated, Nihilism would have no supporters, Fenianisnem would be a thing of the past, and our gracious Queen would be able to travel from her palace at Windsor to Osborne or to any part of the United Kingdom without any sense of alarm. The ministers of all branches of the Chiurch of Christ were benefitted by the British and Foreign Bible Society. One of the men who took part in the foundation of the society said that it had sent a river of the water of life tlhoough thie land, and now it was the business of the preacher to stand upon its banks and say-" everyone that thirasteth come to the waters and drink." They rojbicod that new clhannelsv wero being openedby it, and when they gnavo ittio theo-people thoy'soght to civilise, they gave tlhem a safeguard over all false teaching. It had .beena distributed amongstI those who were en gaged in thefiield of battle, and their agents ihadfouind wounded soldiers excedinsgly anxious to get portions of the scriptures.': Thee Nl w Tostament had been traislated into Hebrew for the benefit of the Jews. TIhiey, rejoicd:iu-the circulation of the Bible because they were sending God's nmessage to the whole of His children--a messagoe which told themu that through grace they minghc bo iicepted by their Fatheor-a messago which taught them how they should live, and a nimessageo which taught them of the 'lifo: beyond.' They wvor o ;use the word of God themselves, but they were to send it into other lands. In Uhina 3,000.000 peoplb were now accessible to the power of the Gospel. IHissionaries mastered the lan guage and translated the scriptures and they were thankful to hear throughout the lengthl and breadth of that vast empire the agents of the society could go and carry the words of eternal life-they rejoiced that through its open doors God was sending His agents with the word of eternal life--that word -which- is able to make men wise munto salvation. HIo trusted, with the chairman, that tlhey should live to see some place in Goulburn, larger tlhan tihe hall theywere now in, crowded at thIe annual meet ing of this glorious society, and he was very much pleased to be on the platform with one of its vice presidents-lhis Lordship, the Bishop of Goulburn. Othdr soieties were engaged in a similar worlh, and it seemed to himn that one of the grandest features of thlis-c"ntury was the spreading abroad thIe word of God by thd British and Foreign Bible Society aiming, not at ciroulating the Scriptures throughout the British isles, but at going out to all the nations of the earth,; no matter what might be the peculiarities by which they were distinguished: 'It was a society which enlisted the hearty co-operation of all whod professed to love their Master in sincerity until the whole earth should be full of the glory and Imowledge of God--the Imowlcdge which would lead them to grace andu to etenial glory He hlad pleasure in seconding the resolution. (Applausc.) The resolution was nut and carried. The Ven. Archde?acon Puddicombe said that at the request of the committee of their auxiliary he rose to move the second resolution-" That this meeting rejoices in the prosperity which has attended the operations of the British and Foreign Bible Society, and earnestly appeals to Christians of al denominations for their generous syympathy and support." Tlhe society had prospered from the very first day of its existence up to the present time; it had continuously and increasingly prospered. And should they be surprised at that? Notwithstanding the Papal anathemas; notwithstanding the in difference, the coldness, the timidity, the cowardice of tlioso who should have beoon its best wishers; notwithstanding the empty sneers of empty-headed sceptics and the rough handling of so-called men of science; and notwithstanding the opposition that its agents lhad to meet with in so-called Christian countries, the society had prospered and continued to prosper, and would prosper, for whenm the day came on which it would not prosper it would be the day on which its work was done, when tihe Gospel would have been preached to all nations, and then the end would come. Christ had said " Go ye into all the world and preach the gospel to every creature." The work of the society was, then, the work of Christ. Wherevr the Bible found its way into men's hands and men's hearts what was the consequence ? rWhero there had been idolatry and witchcraft and tribulation and vain striving they found love and joy and peace and all the fruits of the sIpirit. They thanked God indeed for the prosperity which had attended its operations up to the present thimec. But it was no use to speak vaiguely of its advancement, and in the absence of any deputation, and of the last iannual report of the society, he thought it well to gather a few facti from the monthly reports of the agents of:thed society up to the end of 1882" in orider' to show how it had pleased God to bless the work of spreading His eWord. The reports were not cookeld ones or mado up to please the public, but simple statements of facts:- (The rev. speaker then read a number of lengthy extracts showing the work that had been prosecuted under great difficulties by the agents of the society in India, China, and South Africa.) His resolution requested the hearty co-operation of Christians of all dcnomilitltibns. The society still ineedad sym pathy and support, before its operations could be pos sibly enlarged. It had had losses; at Alexandria in conflagration their little library, valued at £100, together with the building;'was totally deitrydbd, and the total loss to the society iras estililafedaht about £1000. It was impossible that itiedeild meet the many demands that were being niido upon it unless they gave their liberal support, and Christians of all denominations were called upon to join in the work. This was an occasion in Wivhich thlley met together as one. There ,were tiiiidi!*hcen it was nedessary.to lIring 5to light their differiences, but there were other times when they could unite. A Cliiimikiiin told him the other day-"Presbyterian, ;VWesleyan; your\Church, all -same--all teach the simen.truth.":.' 1 He' said they could accept those words on such an occasion as this. They all be lieived that.the Biblh.'ias tlijeihspiredword of God, and thiet wherever that word fdund its way the dingddniis of tihe eartli 'Vcdnieti ?" kingdomns Of their L'ord LTet theii strivo: t0'Workc togethet, lmowing that they should allbo glad: :tb' hive: liad any part whatever .in spreadinig the vrd: obfi.God. (Ap plause). _,- - .Mr. J. Birownhill said' h wo]'uld not follow the pxcimpleoset him by his clerical friends by making a long speech.l He had much pleasure ih being the first laymani to stand up and testify his interest in the cause of the spread of the gospel. The resoe lution he had to second was a practical one, which conmfiiended itself to him as a man of business and a Scotchman. Hoe would have liked to have seen tle misiister of his own denomination,. the Primitive Methodist minister, and the Baptist minister Sif: there was one -present that night, (applause), and he was rejoiced to sie the. ministers of the Church of England and Wesleyan Church there. In common with the previous, speakers, he rejoiced very much at the success of the society. It had'been the means of doing a great dlea of good throughout the world. They had only: to draw a comparison between a country where the Bible was well read, and one where it was not so well read and where a very deplorable state of thiings existed. They were to judge a tree by its fruits, and the country that hoe referred to had for the last 300 years a Bible in every family, and it had been made a class-book in the school. He would not name thi country, because some of his countrymen would know where he referred to-(laughter.) If they could succeed in helping the society more in this remote portion of the British empire they would be doing a great woik. Ho thoughtthat ?Goulburn ihight have done a great deal better. .Wore it not for'the ladies, they would have been nearly defunct; and as a member of committee he told them that it had been difficult indeed to find a quorum, and ho might safely say that were it not for the lay members of committee it would be very difficult to get a quorum at all. It was all very well to attend a publio meeting once a year and to listen to long speeches ; but the real work was done by those who gave and by the ladies who got the money together, without which his office would be a mere form. As treasurer he was very pleased to see they had kept their out-goings within their in- comings; but they had only been enabled to send homo the .f100 by ai narrow squeak, and they had left a very small nest egg for next year. If £51 were all that could be collected in such a town as Goulburn lhe did say that it was a very sorry state of things. But he thought a great deal more could be done if the 'gentlemon who preached about the word of God would only put their sl oulders to the wheel. He appealed for their support, and hoped they would have a very large collection. Lot them give accord ing to what God had given them, and remember tliat the great charter of their country's liberty was an open Bible, and if they kept that banner un furled their country would stand so long as God in his providence permitted it-(applause.). The iresolution having been put to the meeting and carried, a collection was taken up, with the result that £5 3s 3d was added to the funds. The Rev. G. M. D'Arcy Irvinoe, who had come to the meeting late, owing to his having to address, the same evening, the " Hope of Goulburn Lodge" and others assembled in the Temperance I-Hall, Goldsmith-street, according to thi printed syllabus of the business for the quarter ending April 30, was called upon to move the next resolution. Thel rev. gentleman apologised for not being earlier at the meeting. Ho had to give an address elsewhere, otherwise he would have given himself the privilege and pleasure of hearing the speeches which had been delivered before his arrival, all of which were doubtless well worth hearing. Before lie said any thing else he would, with the permission of the chairman, ask Mr. Sellers to shake hands with lim. (The rev. gentleman then turned round and held out, for some time, his hand to Mr. Sellors, who at length accepted it.) It was well known, he went on to say, that there hadc been lately a paper war, owing particularly to remarks that lihad fallen from Mr. Sellors at a public meeoting some time ago in Goulburn--remarks- (Hero thie chair.man stood up and called the speaker to order. He (the chair nlan) would not allow anything to be said of an. extraneous character; they were there in the interdst' of the Bible Society, and Ihe would not allow the rev. gentleman to make any allusion to matters that were not strictly in accordance with the object of the meeting.) (The rev. gentleman then proceeded with his speech.) He assured the chairman that all his remarks were, and would be, strictly in accord. ance with thle 6bjet of the meeting-that hishaving given Mr. Sellers hIis hand was snrclyji proof tlhat whatever he, after that, was going to say woould strictly.be in the interests of peace, and therefore in accordance with the objects of the meeting. It was necessary to account to the present meeting why he took such an unsual course as to commence his speech by asking Mr. Sellers to shake hands with him. (The chairman again interposed, and with somne warmth told! Mfr. D'Aroy Irvine that as the chairman of thlat meeting hedwould exercise his?pro rogative and prevent him from pursuing the course he h?d' adbpted.) The speaker made anothelr effort to proceed ivith his speech by asldng thebnieting to hringine all that lie' iitendudt'o say bynrvay qf ox plani(ion, and that as the prelimminA rytremiarkehe meanutto .make--remarks whlich would'.have been entirelyj of a peaiceful character--wore deied; dlim by the chairman, he would go on with his speech, which he submitted would be strictly and entirely relei;unt and lippropriate to the business of the oven ing.: IHe felt constrained at this great anniversary of the Br'itishl and Foreign Bible Society, when the various speakers might be expected to be men deeply imbued with the spirit of the Bible-mcn under the influence and power of the great truths and maxims wvhich thIe Bilblo inculcated-to offer his hand to Mr. Sellors in proof of hIis sincere desire to live at peace with him, as well as with sll other men from whom, uipon principle, hlie might differ upon leading points of doctrine and discipline. And whlere in the profane literusture of thle world, hlie would ask, were to be found the teachling and the motives which weighed withl him in thius giving unre scrvedly his hand to Mr. Sellers? Did the teachling and example of the great men of Greece and Rome fiurnish him with motives thus to act ? Miltiades, Thlemistooles, Aristides, Cimon, Iericles, Aristotle, Plato were all great men of Greece-to whomn their country was deeply indebted-bht did he in any utterance of any one of those great men discover such teaching and morals as would lead a man to meet, on terms of friendliness and brotherhlood, another from whom he differed upon matters which some would regard as of vital moment and import ance ? No. Socrates certahinly did pereeive that morality must be somnething deeper - so.uethinmg altogether different from expediency-Socrates was brave enoughl to express the memnorable utterance, " I will venturo to be true to my convictions, thoughl all thie world oppose me;" but I fail to find in the speeches and writings of any of those great men maxuims such as these-" Love as brethren, be piti ful, be courteous, not rendering evil for evil, or rail ing for railing, but contrariwise blessing, knowinsg that ye are theremunto called, that ye should inherit a blessing "-" By love serve one another "-" Love the brothlerhood "-" Let brotherly love continue" -I" Agree with thline adversary quickly whiles thou art hin the way with hILn "-" If ye biteand'devdiir one another, take heed that ye be not consumed onie of anothior." These are maxims essentially belon ing to the ethics of that wonderful Book whdose ex tension and circulation throughoutthe world, withbiut note or comment, it is tlhe design and object, of this great society to secure. The great and wonderful Book provides for mutual forbearance amongst men, and that:charity whiich "sufferethl ?dl0 and is kidjid,'.' whiclh"' seeketh not her own, is not eiily provoked, thinketh no evil, beareth all things, ondureothall things" "Surely, sir," said the rev. gentleman, "this "iding nnd' considerdtoelove, ifit is, to: be lookedifarhsl? ,ieshoul f b;mfbund ~am'nig&st; and practised by, thiose whose duty and office itis to pro claim to their people its beauty:an'dl, its blessings." (Applause.) The resolution wvliehl I have the honour to move provides that the thankseof this meesting'.be1 given to those Christian ladies through whose exi'r tions thg fsindsiofthe isocietyienable this auniliary to forward one.hundred.pounds to.the parent society in London.-' Whdt'-cbWild -the Chiristiani church do without ladies ? As for myself I never can do any thling without them.- Nobly, we 'know, did vomen cleave to:oiir ;hless'ed Ldi'd to the very'nd.)'.It was not a omaon who- sold the Lord of life and glory for. t?iht pieces' of illver.: Thej' w'de ;,ot Yome?nhdi foseok tl Lord in thie garden anfifled. It vas sot a woman who denied Him three times in the High Pridst's house. But they cwere women 'wlio wailed and lamented when Jesus was led fetlh td behcruei fled- they weie wonein whlio stood to the last by the cross-thoy eonro-womeniwho were first to visit' tho! grave, "where the Lord lay." (Applause.) : Sir,: at this late ifour it would be bad taste in me to make along 'spoeech. I would; hliowe'ver, sa in 'onbliididu that to the clurcli, 'and to each memiber thereof, the Biblo is tlhe means of their receiving all the blessings they enjoy:", Is a soul regenerated? `It is .',by. the ieVord of the ILord, which'llivetlh and abideth for oi;r."' :If ?e hhavo 'sphiiitaial life' it; ·c ame by tlihe power of the Ioly' Ghost throuigh the Wiitten word. God acts through Hise'vord.: 'The locomotive runs upon :rails--so God's spirit .acts 1through His own wvocd.:' They go ordinarily togetliihe: Is epiisithil life sustained P How is it sustained ? "'Desire the sincere iiilk'of the ;ord. that ye miayr;owtlirebrly." Hlow ,is the' believer sanctified ? ?J:8 Sanctify them' througvi Thy truth.. Thy word is truth." How bhalPrr leinsnemyay vay? "By taking heed theieto accordling to Thy word." What will confort-my soul in days of darkness ? What but the ''jxeeding grsit' and precious promises" cdntained in 'God's wod h? E'How shall'I walk in tihe right'way l.throigli theiinidst of a'dark world ? '" Thy word is a lamp to mny feet and ai light to my path." It is cold water to a thirsty soul. It is the downy pillow on which' the dying head may rest. It is the cordial whioh, sustains the sinlking spirit. The waves of icepticism may dash themselves against- this rock, but the rock stands from generation to generatibn. What the scepticism of the last century failed to do, under Hume and Voltaire, tlh infidelity of the pre sent day, under its pigmy leaders, will also fail to do. None need tremble for the ark of God. We aroe on the side of God and of truth. His word is our banner. His truth is our shield. His omnipo tence is our defence--in spite of every adversary we take our stand upon the word of the incarnate Saviour-" Heaven and earth will pass away, but one jot;or. bne tittle shall in no wise pass from the law, till all be fulfilled." (Loud applause.) The aev. gentleman then reiid in 'a most amusing manner the resolution hS mbvdd--!' That the cordial thanks of this meetin?gi'ie given to the lady 'cell'ectors, the oflicer, and thie comnnittoeeof this auiiliiry and its variotse branches; and that the 'following gentlemen forminthe aoidinhittee of this auxiliary for tle present yeari-.Podtirn, the Right Rev. the Lord Bishop of Goilbii'; president, W. Davies, Esq.\ J.P.; vice-presiderts, Ven. Archdeacon Puddicomlue and A. I. Bdtts, Esq.: treasurer, J. Bro\wnhillŽ-.EsC; Bible seeretary, J. Caldwell, Esq.; secretary, S.- . Blackmoore, Esq.; committee : Messrs, J. Caldwell, W. Conolly, T. Grunsell, W. H. asybury, C0: E. IMackenzie, D. J. lcLeod, F. H. L. Rossi, W. Sib son,;J. Shephexl, J. D. Sly, J. J. Waddell, 3J .W. Womibey, J. Youngman, and the virious Protes tant ministers of the city;, niembers of tie so ciety; auditors, Mbessrs. C. S. Alexandi?eand W. MIartin; depositary, Mr..W. S. Flxall." [We do not attempt to describe the ludicrous vein and humour he threw into it, sufficient to say tlhalt when he came to the president, Mr. William Davie, Justice of thie Peace, he fairly brought the house down.1 Mr." J. Caldwell secone&d; tho resolution, ,vhiih was carried . ... ... The 1Right i Reverend' the., Bishop ( moved .,a vote of thanks to the chairmain. Iii doing.. so I said '.that ho felt his friend on the' right (Rev. D'Aroy. Irvino) hadd been misunderstood -by tho chairmnan.i The president had evidently itmagindd that Mr. D'Arey Irvino, being an Irishman, must necessarily have a shillalah hidden about him ;: but it was very apparent from the speech they had just heard, and from the fact of his having shaken hands ndth" Mr. Sellors, that Mr. D'Arcy Irvine 'menlit idndliness and peace. Mr. S. F. Blaclonore seconded the vote of thanks, which was carried by acclamation. The chairman, in acknowledging the honour, said that he endeavoured to prevent the line of speech which had been commenced, as .he thoight it was not in accordance with the spirit of the resolution. IIHe did not imagine anything, but wan simply stopping what had already gone so far . 'It was the first tinme anything of the sort had occurred, and he trusted that the spirit might now be allowed to die out. The fact of the case was that they hadd so much more suitable work to do in attacking the enomies of religion, and lie thought they might?keep their energies for that. (The Reov. D'Aroy' Irvino : "Hear, hear.") He lhad lived a great many years in thie city, and lie supposed would live lero as'long as lie could, and he felt disposed to try and:live at peace. He would like to see more frequent meet; ings in which they could unite than this annual onu. He supposed his Lordship would be able to give them an opportunity of doing that when the cathe dral was completed, and lie did not thiuk there wsas a Protestant in Goulburn who would not be present' at the opening of that cathedral. The doxology was then .sung, and ,the, i meeting brought to a close by his Lordship pronouncing the bonodiotion. 