THE BURNING OF BEN TLEY S HOTEL. TO THE EDITOR OP TBE COUKIER. Sir —Owing to the cramming of bo much history —Grecian, Soman, Knplish, Ac., &c.;—into our State school children, through the medinm of the six books, there has not been really the gho&t; of a show tor them of Ballarat to learn anything about tbe young days ot their parent citj. It with tutich Uasure Tread the accoant in The Courier of that j a*y piece ot work, the bnrniog of Beotlf/s lioteL I he friend who searched it out with so much J atlence, • - and copied . . . . it. . I premime, .. with . eo "wing much la ^There urned up his.noae with a pooh! Aodyet, tt wavo S t by A&pin;≪, I had b given by. the 2 orrect. The atfai.y striciJy M>Piiting, "came ] of -Scobie's ceaili. Some 8fteen mocths f fterwards Robinson's pablfc-hoasp, t wonld have shared the same fate. The digger* 1 J that be had caused the prospecting cl»tm to | b s salted, and w«t« enraged at to many shifts being {p through a eelL I never saw so near a touch-1 b and.go for a house -coming down. Mr Editor, I) f have read the extract from the Timest and am a | u wiser man; yea, am a proud man, and feel inclined I N to cock the two feathers of ray tailand crow. Iho sci ibe of tho Times s Jcf:—*' Men who have stood the | working of a Canadian (SB feet) or a gravel-pit I ahicer—such men bc&rn; danger in any form. 1 h^y I iave seen the earth at the <i-pth of IrO feet below 1 that 1 bad gre.tn.ss until I reai it. What, Sir. " w.mM fhA (crt-M-T,eio m tl-« nwfnt 1 were tbra in 'STf? way ^itS 'two p1g'6 a shovel in each huid, from tbe Lmd of the I Cousin Jack—what would tbey say when ltkrk-1 ing up August down '£2 those to the aw/nl Eureka, j hafts now — Little when B^cdign, ehell-1 and backs wrote were down better to men bis si<e than inaptralM themselves for strain going to ji through thit * of tbe the IE» Timt's.—"Dear drift ? A Geelnftg Love—Weare iriend f of mine U^lffn down came 60 1 I feet, and InB fret to the north." Only fancy, whatl a situation for lay husband. At any rate, it waa I awlnl in those days, and he was back in fire weeks with 32 lb weight of gil-i as his share. Mr Editor, I will I, nil L I litt the pen against an old saying— 4 t seeing Is believing,'* for I call to remembrance fhat wben interviewing a star, or even the great noonday sun, Tt the latitude, that I had notpo believe my own ejus, bnt had to be guided by read, inc. and to learn, from reading, that there was such a thing as refraction; and eo, Mr Editor, I Bad now, from reading, tint Ihave been In gruve etror— a kind ot retraction of time. Bentley fled -to ths camp and next day went to town—so said the TVskl when. Sir, In the twilight of the same day I be flew partly tent on honebkek, within about 121 feet of It, on bis way towards Bnninyong. Ek>w-1 e ver. Sir. you wm agree with me teat it, is nice to be p pat right, even after so long a dream, and I shall I ever grateful to the palient tranw^iber for tbe eorrectlmi and, like him, will believe nothing huCwha I I read.—Yours, ic., Tm SaebSOS- 1 1 