HtSECMT OF THE CHATEAU. wJf - n fc-lle daYs o£ the French Revolution lhGoddesB . ohhrches and stopped every ?, rara reI,e'08.fO"n. ana when the BeS? 1 \ was at its height in the land. The ?f VerreviUe. in the strath of mSfAl 7k J WrapjP,ed in a filory of evening Bti w58ht re magic among the allevs Nnw ,vSm drowsy streets and touXtamW A P ?€d golden jokes with the l£ nO0-d m a br«ken basin in the wolq e;.now lt clothed with a new, vnmWnM Plctn.reBSue charm the gable of I Si . decaying mansion ; now it glided. ifiStn QDM, -8 fpray back-court, and turned nVnp pfl i fairy s 8rott by Changing every r+ I glass in the tiny windows round it into a living gem. , the principal street of the town came lumbering a cart bearing a sad burden. It IWt cogn'ver which was spread a coarse, shabby black mantle by way of pall. At each side of the heavy cart-horse which drew the vehicle walked a dark-robed figure— a man and a woman. Slowly the little "funeral party advanced over the rough pavement, that made the wheels of the cart jolt noisily, and with no reverent sound of woe. Slowly on they came through the river of sunlight ; and, ®y went, two or three women, loitering with their pitchers near the fountain, watched them with eyes which had a touch of sorrow in them, and made their comments, as they gazed, in low tones. ' Ah, poor young lady !' said the oldest of the group. She's the last of them — the very 'last. I recollect the coming home of her mother, Madame la Comtesse, as a bride, and all the train of lackeys in gold lace, and the prancing of the six grey horses, and the cheering of the .crowd as she threw silver pieces among them like rain in autumn. . And now to think that this shonld be tbe funeral of her daughter I I have seen strange changes acd Bcce was your age, Babette, my child.' Babette to6sediher head and the red handker chief upon it a little disdainfully, as if her modern lights showed her things which were more worthy of note than anything which the old woman's memory could call up out of the past.. 4 What good were they in the land, these aristocrats?' she cried. 4 They were of no more use than the statues in the garden of the old chateau, where we poor folk can wander now with our babies or our sweethearts at our will.' But the young Countess waB of a different pattern from those who went before her,' here putin a third woman. 'When my husband lay sick with the fever, and everybody fled from' our cottage on account of infection, she came to visit us, and stood by his bed often, and felt his pulse better than the doctor, and sent him strengthening food and medicine. She was no more like her grandmother, who used, when I was a child, to go rolling along about in her coach, all one piece of silk and pride, than one of the glittering buttons on the livery coats of the Count's footmen was like a bright bit of money tbafc we can spend to buy chocolate and sugar and all sorts of good things that will rejoice our husbands' and children's hearts.' ' Well, anyhow, if she had not died now she soon would,' said Babette decidedly. 4 Her husband is in the prison at Toulon, and she was likely enough to have followed him there, I know on good authority ; and what a prison ends in for aristocrats in these days we all know better than we used to know cur paternosters in the times when it was the fashion to say them.' Her death seems to have been a sudden and rather strange one,' said the old woman who had first spoken. ' Yes,1 replied the other elder woman ; 'it was but two days since I saw her crossing the footpath through the field opposite our cottage.' ' They say she fqll down in a fit as she was standing before her dressing table arranging her hair, and never spoke afterward,' said the other old dame, pouring ont her infor mation rapidly, as though she feared Babette might be beforehand with her. ' That is often the way these aristocrats go out of the world, if they are to die a natural death,' exclaimed Babette, dipping her hand into the fountain and tossing some drops jof water about contemptuously, as if they were drops of aristocratic blood. ' They eat and 'drink and sleep so much that their brains and their bodies get dull and heavy, and they just fall down and die for very weariness of life.' 4 1 wonder what is to become of all the rich plate and jewels that belong to the family?' said Rose, tbe eldest of the women. 4 Ob, M. le Mayor will soon find out that, cried Babette. 4 He will be in the chateau, depend upon it, by to-morrow morning or before, and he'll look into everything, and make good use of it, too. He's a man that knows what he's about, and that has no false fine feelings about aristocrats. Very likely he'll distribute some of the plunder of the chateau among us poor folk.' Fifine looks grave and sad enough as she walks by her dead mistress's body,' remarked the other elder woman. 4 No wonder, poor girl,' answered Rose ; they were brought up together, and loved each other more like siBters than mistress and servant.' ' But for all her sad looks, I would wager my silver earrings against your cat's neck lace, Rose, that she is thinking more of her lover, Maurice, than of the dead. Jfc is a beautiful arrangement for her, in faith, to have him for her companion in a business like this. Ah ! she's a sly one, for all her demure ways, and her smooth faoe, that, seems to have no more in it than an empty milk-pail.' Babette made a little expressive wink, which might imply more or less according to the fancy of her companions, As she spoke these last words. ' They will marry very soon now, I should think,' said old Rose, taking up her pitcher, which bad been long brimming over patiently at her "side. t 4 Oh ! I won't say that it will ever come to a marriage, after all, 'exclaimed Babette, with such a toss this time that the folde of the red handkerchief got loose and fluttered in the breeze. Does he look like a bridegroom as he stride along there, with just the same grin as usual on his broadface ? he oan't get rid of it even at a funeral, tbe blockhead. ,Pes te look like a bridegroom that any sensible girl would give an old tin kettle for V 4 Well, it's strangest of all that they should bury her in this way, if, as you say, there's money and riches of %U sorts left in the chateau still,' said the younger of the two old women. 1 Ah 1 Mile. Fifine and M. Maurice know more about that matter, I suspect, than any one else,' rejoined Babette, with a wink yet more saturated with meaning than the last. 1 hey are master and mistress at the chateau now that the Count is in prison and the Countess is dead, and they are making the most of their time, as the birds do in the vineyards before the vintage begins.' After that, the group round tbe fountain broke up, and the women dispersed in different directions. As she went, Babette had her own special train of thought, into which she probably would not have liked any of her friends to look. 'As sure as the Countess's diamonds are j real and not glass'- — this was tbe way in which her reflections ended — ' Pierre, shall try his luck to-night. I don't see why Babette and Pierre should not be the for tunate pair, as well as Fifine and Maurice.' Meanwhile, the young man and the girl, of whom their neighbours' mouths and minds ! had just, all nneonsciously to their two selves, been so full, had reaohed the church for the completion of their sad errand. No religious services of any kind were permitted at this time in France, but still, the servants of the young Comtesse de Florion, perhaps recol lecting that in her life she.h&d; secretly clung to the rites of her Church, were going to lay her remains in hallowed ground, and a por tion of the pavement 'beneath the southern wall of the church, and inside the building, had been raised to allow of the body being placed underneath it. The family vault of the De Florion s was far Sway in a distant large town, but, as the troublous times for bade the Countess's remains ' being trans ported thither, her servant and foster-sister ; and companion, Fifine ds Fouvri&re;, had j chosen the interior of Verreville church as their resting-place. As long as no religious rites were used, the civil authorities of the little town had made.no objection to this: arrangement. 4 Maurice will do all'the rest, said Fifine, when the coffin had been lowered into the place prepared for it, turning' to the two men who had been helping them in their mournful work. 1 should like my poor mistress's own faithful servant to perforin the very last offices for her.' It is strange that Fifine de Fouvriere's grief at her mistress's loss is not more evident in outward signs,' said the elder of the men to his companion as they withdrew from the church in obedience to the girl's words. 4 1 had expected to see her drowned in tears.' There must have been some coolness between them before the lady died. It is always so, sooner or later, when we sons and daughters of the people form close bonds of intimacy and affection with an aristocrat,', said the young man, who was none other than Babette's lever, Pierre, and who, as in duty bound, held the same Red Republican opinions as his future most emphatically better half; though, if truth must be told, he was often in a very hazy state about them, Iven when he expressed them the loudest. 4 Well, I don't know,' rejoined the old man, thoughtfully. 4 1 can't say what may be the eause ofit, but that girl's face and manner puzzle me more than the change of the wind.' And the face of Fifine de Fouvriere cer- taiuly was a face that any man might have found it difficult to read the meaning of as she stood there by the grave. She was a remarkably pretty brunette, whose features were, generally, all sparkling with animated thought and feeling, which went flashing in swift, brilliant play from the dark eyes to the rosebud month ; but to-day the whole face was stamped with one fixed, settled expression, which might be interpreted in its gravity and intensity to mean sorrow or anxiety or deep troubled thought. Looking at that fair face was, to-day, like listening to a story told emphatically and eloquently in some musical foreign language that we do not understand. 4 Maurice,' said the girl, sharply, to her companion, as soon as they were left alone, 4 where are your brains gone ? Who ever saw anyone "at a funeral with a face like yours? You'Jl have set the whole town talking. I don't know that I shall %ever ' forgive you.' 4 But, ma charmante began Maurice, whose countenance still certainly did not seem to correspond to his solemn task- 4 Maurice,' interrupted Fifine, 4 have done with your pretty words and speeches ; there's a time for them, I daresay, but h.-'s certainly not now. You just mind what you are about, and don't make such a fooi of yourself again.' It was the night aftsr tha young Countess's funeral ; a full round silver moon was looking down upon the old Fiorian chateau, which stood- on rising ground about a mile from Verreville. The house was sunk in deep repose ; it had few inmates now, only the servants, among whom were Fifine and Maurice, thejold steward's son, who had lately come home to help his aged father in bis office. In the shadow of the wall two figures stood whispering together. 4 This is the door which the key will open,' said a woman's voice. 4 1 hijve kept it ever since I was in service here— they thought it was lost; I have always fancied it might come useful some day, and now the time has come. Go in at once, Pierre, and be .quick about it. I have told you all the receptacles where, money and jewel and plates are kept. You can't make a mistake.' 4 Must I go alone ? Won't you come with me ? We should do it all the quicker, two of us together, and it's always so much pleasanter at night to have company in an old house like this. They say it's haunted, and there was a death here so late. Oh! sweet Babette, do, please, come with me.' 4 May I be stewed in a pot-au-jeu first,' answered that young lady, very forcibly and laconically. You go along, Pierre, and look sharp, and don't be such a mixture of a mule and a milksop. I shall stay here and watch.' So saying, she pushed her true knight withont farther ceremony through the door which she had opened. i On went Pierre, bis teeth chattering and bis heart beatibg in nnison, the moonlight, as it stole through the long, narrow windows of the old house playing strange, uncanny games as he went. Now a dark, gigantic figure seemed larking in yonder corner ; now a pale hand beckoned to him in a moonbeam ; sow the shadows formed themselves into a long blaok procession which came to meet him-. With Carefully held breath, and feet that scarce dared tread, he passed .near the corridor where he knew, from Babette, that the servants'- rooms lay ; bat to his joy and relief he heard no sonnd there. The family portraits, as he passed them In the long gallery, came to life, now and then, in a ray of moonshine, and glared at him ; the wind whispered something mysterious and startling to him through every keyhole; the rows of chairs in the rooms looked as if they were waiting for a party of ghosts. But the worst of all was that, carefully as he had been schooled beforehand by Babette as to the whereabouts of all the valuables in the chateau, he got nothing for his pains. He ransacked the pantry, which he had expected to find full of plate, but found nothing better than a pewter spoon. He4 eought hither and thither in the dead Countess's apartments for the casket of diamonds, but it had vanished like gems seen in a dream. He discovered the strong iron box where the Count usually kept his money in large sums, for in those days it was not easy to send to the bank for supplies ; but, though the box was there, it was open and had not a sou in it. It was terrible to have to return empty- handed to his liege lady, who would be certain to lay the whole blame for tbe failure of their enterprise on his shoulderB, and to make it no light burden, too ; still, such a fate was better than risking meeting the ghoete suy longer. W:-.th flying steps he sped along the com dor which he had to traverse l efr;vt; L:-: r :i.-J.ed the narrow stair case 'at t'lu bijn .a, of which was the vdoor where B&bsit; wuit .-d iei him. Bn; why was it that, before lie Lad raised half through the passage, which was lit by several windows, through which the moonbeams fell, he paused with a start and a shiver? A little way further on, in front of him, it seemed to him that he saw a figure. A desperate hops that this shape would melt into nothing like all the other apparitions which had hitherto haunted him to-night ; a feeling that, at any cost, he must pass it to reach the longed-for goal, the outside oi the house — these things prompted the luckless Pierre to hasten on ward once more. But when he drew nearer to tbe form it was still there, visible in terrible reality in a patch of moonlight. A few steps further, and Pierre threw bis arms above his head with a low cry ; there, not many paces from him, stood a female figure whjch exactly resembled the dead Comtesse i de Fiorion, whose funeral lie had seen go by but a few hours ago. How he passed the phantom Pierre could i never afterwards tell. The next thing which he could remember, when in future days he thought over the matter, was standing in the cool night air and the moonlight, blubbering in a most hearty and open fashion, with Babette pouring upon him from her f£ir lips what was not exactly a shower of roses, such as should meet a returning hero. She rejected with scorn, like the advanced free thinker that she was,' bis story about the Countess's ghost, and called the whole thing the production of his coward's fancy. Next morning the Mayor of Verreville made a legal inspection of the chateau, to secure for the Government, as he said, but in reality for himself for he had no absolute right for such a proceeding — any valuables he might find there. He was, however, no more fortunate than poor Pierre had been ; he did not find a single object of value or a -single gold coin in the chateau. His Worship flew into a rage, and insisted upon having the servants and the servants' rooms searched, but with no success. Fifine, Maurice, and their companions submitted quite calmly to the indignity, though the Mayor had more than once a shrewd and unpleasant suspicion that he heard something like a suppressed titter behind him ; but when he looked back be only saw Mile. Fifine and M. Maurice following him with respectful gravity. The whole business was certainly, to say the least of it, singular, for it was well known that there was a deal of rich plate and jewellery in the chateau, and that the Count, before his arrest and removal to the prison at Toulon, had collected a considerable sum of money, preparatory to the trying with his wife to make their escape from France. It was some few months after the events just narrated that the good folks of Verreville began to be disturbed by stories which went floating about in the town concerning the church being haunted. It was said that people who had passed the old building at midnight bad seen a mysterious light gleam ing from ihe windows; but hitherto riiose who told tbe taie bad none of them had ths. courage to look further into the matter. The old church was now completely deserted. Religioqpservicea bad, it is true, begun again to be publicly perlormed in the land, but in Verreville they were at this period carried on in a pretiy new chapel which had been nearly built before the troublous days began, and lately finished. Thus the old church had be come a place well fitted for ghosts to frequent. We must mention here that the Count de Florion had escaped, in some way that had never been explained, from his prison at Toulon the day after his wife's funeral, and had made his home, it was said, since then in England. As for Fifine and Maurice, they hafl married soon after their mistress's death, and were now living on a little farm which tney liad t&kcn; neur tlis town, And which they cultivated with care and success. But to return to the mysterious light in the old church. One night, Babette and Pierre, who were still plighted lovers, though- the extreme contempt of the maiden for her adorer had hitherto prevented the final knot being tied, were coffiing back from a friend's bouse, where they had spent the evening. When they reached the old church, both of them perceived that there was, most certainly, light shining through its windows. Pierre's immediate impulse was sudden flight, but Babette, still true to her colours as a phiio sophie freethinker, declared her intention of clearing up, once for all, the mystery. She made.the trembling Pierre wait close by, and then boldly advanced herself toward one of the church windows and looked in, BCTwraaviramnn— a— an—w—a— — — As Babette gazed at the sight which met her gaze, it was so strange and utterly unaccountable .that she rubbed her eyes, thinking she mast he under some optical illusion ; bat, when she looked again, it was all still there. What she saw was, shortly, this — and if was little wonder that she was bewildered with wildest astonishment : — She \- beheld the Gourrtess's grave opdn, and at the side of it stood Fifine, the farmer's wife with a gredt glittering mass of something which looked tike a heap of "gold and silver and jewels lying at her feet. Babette's rationalistic principles forsook her most treaoheronsly and melted away like morning mist. The notion suddenly flashed across her that Fifine was a witch, and she sank insensible to the ground. Pierre's love was stronger than Pierre's fear. Having heard Babette cry out as she fainted, he came to her help, though she was lying in the very gleam of the mysterious light. When she came to herself in the house whither he had borne her, Babette was eo far touched by his devotion that Bhe promised to become his wife next morning, and kept her word. On the very morning after Babette's vision, Fifine and Maurice disappeared from their 'farm in a sadden and mysterious manner. Not until many years after, when political changes in France allowed of the return of the Florion family to their native land, was the whole, strange story with regard to them and their servants, Maurice and Fifine, cleared up. It was then publicly known that the young Countess was not dead, and that the money and plate and jewellery of the family had been buried instead of her body in the old church at Verreville. The fact" of the Countess being regarded as dead had, moreover, enabled hert to carry out with -greater safety a scheme for her .husband's escape. When things had grown a little quieter in France, Maurice and Fifine had disinterred the buried treasure and conveyed it to their master and mistress in England. The whole bad been invented and carried out by the courage and wit and devotion of Fifine. — Whitehall Review. 