AFLOAT ON A FURNACE. (New York Herald, 15th January.)' " For nearly a week we were on a floating furnace," said Captain Charles Nicholas yesterday. For nearly a week with the deck timbers scorching under our feet, and never a chance of popping below without suffocation." He sat in the cabin of the steamship Neckar, just arrived from Bremen by way of Southampton, with one of the men who had suffered with him alongside. These two, with five other men had been taken on board in mid-ocean from a burning vessel which was not expected to hold together for two hours after she was abandoned. " My craft was the barquentine Mary Lizzie, of St. John's, NF.," the captain continued. "She was owned by P. and L. Tessier, of that port, and on the 3rd of January we left it with a cargo of codfish for Ballina, in the Brazils. The weather was fair. We had a fresh breeze from the north-west, and made good headway till we were out of sight of land. At 8 o'clock next morning the wind hauled around to the south-west, and at 4 o'clock that afternoon it was blowing a gale. We took in double reefs and kept on till the following day. At 8 o'clock I called all hands on deck to shorten sail. We clewed up the fore topsail and hauled down the standing jib. The ship was brought to the wind. It was blowing a heavy gale from the north-west, and the sea was running high. The men were busy balance reefing the mainsail, when I chanced to look forward. A whiff of smoke caught my eye up towards the bow, and I sent one of the men to see what was the matter. He came running back with his face white as a ghost. The ship's afire !' he cried. The forecastle" all in a blaze !' A lot of us went forward in a hurry, I can tell you. There was a sight for us there. " The whole of the vessel below deck was in a blaze. The flames were rushing up through the fore scuttle, and the smoke was creeping up through the timbers. I tried to go below, but was met with a blast that seemed to come from a furnace, and saw the forecastle under me a mass of fire. We never found out how it occurred. I suppose the lamp must have fallen down and the oil caught in the body. The whole place had sprung into flames in a twinkling. I called all hands forward, and we tried to get at the fire. It was no use. The fore hatch was filled with flames, and no one could get down. We got sails and canvas together and covered the forehatch and ventilating holes to keep the draught off. The smoke was coming up still, and we could hear the roar of the fire underneath ; but it seemed a bit stifled, and we cut small holes in the deck and kept heaving buckets of water on them. All hands worked with a will. The men know their lives were in peril, and they worked in downright earnest. " The wind was still blowing, and it would go hard with us if it crept through any loop-hole. We used the canvas to cover everything, and made every effort to prevent the fire going out. We killed down the after companion and skylight, and closed up all the events we could find. It was of no avail. The smoke still kept coming up, and we heard the crackling of the flames as they worked deeper and deeper into the heart of the vessel. There was no escaping the truth. We were aboard a burning vessel an actual floating furnace-in mid ocean, and we could do nothing to help ourselves. Our lives depended on the speedy appearance of a passing ship. We got out the boats and kept them ready for an emergency, but made up our minds not to take to them till the last moment, when every hope was gone. Our spirits were low enough, I win tell you. But there was little time for reflection. We were safe while the flames could be kept below, but we knew that at any moment they might burn up through the deck timbers, making a vent and then all was over. It was this we had to fight against, and we had to be at work in- cessantly to do it. The deck had to be kept saltwater!, and day and night through all that dreadful time the men were never spared a moment, but went rushing about with buckets, plashing the water over the canvas and emptying it on the timbers. At the start we got some provisions upon deck from the cabin, and it was lucky we did, for before long it would have been beyond our reach. The mate and I got what clothes we had out of the cabin, and they had to serve us all, for the crew had their kits in the forecastle, and none of them were able to save a stitch. Poor fellows ! they had to suffer a great deal. The weather was bitter cold, and sometimes the sea would splash over them, wetting them through and through. Some of them were covered with ice as they handed the buckets, and it was hard work for them to keep their feet. No one dared to go below, and there was no place to snatch a moment's rest. Indeed, that could not be thought of anyway, for there were only eight men all told on board, and not a soul could be spared while the fire was liable to break out any moment under us. For three days that unceasing struggle was kept up without a change ; so sail in sight, no hope of assistance ! Nothing but the washing of water about the deck, with the smoke steaming up and choking us, and wind and rain beating down a good part of the time, " On Saturday, the 6th of the month, I noticed signs of great danger forward. The ship was getting very weak there. I supposed she was fairly gutted and all the ceiling and timbers were burned. There was no telling whether she would break up or not. To guard against it we had to cut the two anchors adrift from the bow and let them go. This eased her for the time and we went on with our work. We did not hear the flames crackling any more, but-the smoke still kept rising, sometimes in a dense volume, It filled our throats, but we were too much occupied to mind it and toiled on without rest and with very little food. On Monday, the 8th, a strong gale blew from the south-west. The rain came down in torrents and a heavy sea tossed us about and seemed likely to smash the vessel to pieces. To lighten her we cut away the foretopgallant masts, the royal mast, and the jibboom, The Mary Lizzie was now little more than a hulk) without anchor, with little timber standing, at the mercy of the winds and with a blazing fire shut up in his. It was no wonder some of us began to sink under the excitement and suffering and caincrncarlosingotu'sensps. The smoke, too, always- coming up about us always frightening as with a seats of fire here or there, wherever it was thickest seemed" to have gone to our brains and crazed us. I was the" first to feel it. I had made shift to creep while' the cabin on Sunday morning. It was thick- with smoke, and I could not endure it long I tried to go on deck, and was going up the hatch when the place got dark and I fell? down senseless. They carried me upon deck-,, but it was a quarter of an hour before I recovered. From that the men went e more or less prostrated in the same way. 11 steadier four who had severe attacks. They were William Liscomb, the cook ; She mate Daniel Kane, and two seamen, John Thomas son and John Adams. They were- working on deck when it came upon them Their faces would get as white as a sheet and in a jiffy they would be down on the deck working- in- sa - fit. It was dreadful to see them rolling about there, waving like madmen, and looking the picture of death. It was the smoke and the work and exhaustion did it. As we could do for them was to hold them down and keep putting cold water in their mouths and rubbing their foreheads with if. I suppose that the thick smoke wits the chief cause of the trouble, and we battened down the companion and secured all the hatches for good, and from that time no one was allowed to leave the deck. "Our little provisions were giving out now. We had been able to bring up only what we could readily look after in the first instance, and it would not hold out long. The men looked like ghosts, and were barely able to trudge about and keep the decks wet. Two of them Liscomb and Thomp- son-were frost-bitten, and all were suffering severely from exposure-. On the morning of Wednesday last the smoke was coming through the timbers from stem to stern. The water began to steam where it fell upon the decks. It was hot under foot, and we could feel that the fire had traversed] the vessel, burned up all the inside and would soon break out. We looked, to the boats and dreaded the moment we should have to take to them on the open sea in such bitter weather. We were all exhausted. Some of the men, after their hard fight, were for giving up. It was two hours after midday, and we all believed the vessel could not stand two hours longer. The fire even then was rushing to the cabin, and it would soon be all over. It was just then, in our worst extremity, that help came. The Neckar hove in sight. We hoisted the ensign upside down, and ran up underneath it the pennant and square high C and N to show we were in distress and wanted assistance. The steamer saw ns and lay on our weather bow till we launched our boat and went out to her. We were taken on board and treated by the captain with the greatest kindness. The smoke was rolling up from the Mary Lizzie, and the fire was beginning to break out. Our rescue had been timely. In ten minutes we lost sight of her in the thick weather." 