LAUQO ESTON' 0 EXA INER. G do 1'UBILISIIED DAILY. an \-- pa WEDNESDAY, OOTOBER 31. t7 Tale report of the Chief Inspector of p0 Sheep for. the year ending 30th June is a very brief and formal document. It, how- pe ever, states that the sheep throughout the ju colony remain freofrom scab,and that every -h carois taken by the inspectors to prevent Pt an outbreak in the colony being over- of looked, or infected sheep being imported from other colonies. The necessity for not relaxing precautions is evidenced by the fact thatiin April last seven sheep, at imported from England to Melbourne by lo the R.M.S. Carthage, were found to be I" infected with scab, and were destroyed by di the Chief Inspector of Stock for Victoria. 7 Theor areat present five inspectors, and w the contribution lovied on owners of one I farthing per head is insufficient to defray 1 the cost of the present staff, the total re ceipts of the Scab Act Fund for the year oI 1882, from contributions, fines, fees, etc., at being only £1007 3s 10d ; while the ex ponditure, of which all but £128 is for t salaries and allowances, was £2273 13s S 4d, leaving a debit balance of £366 9s G:. b The total receipts of the Scab Act Fund u from 1870 to 1882, both. years inclusive, t have been .£36,573 10sa d, of whicli. £33,092 was made up by contributions h f, from sheopowners; while tho.total expon diture for the same period has been a £35,802 17s 5d. a Upon studying the statistical returns, 0 1, which form the blulk of the report, we do not gather any hope of cheaper meat during the coming twelve months, indeed I so long as the obnoxious sheep and cattle a tax is retained it is diffcult to say whether n meat will not become dearer instead of n cheaper, as it is a remarkable, but unex o plained fact, that despite our progress i se and prosperity there are about 20,000 r r sheep and 8000 cattle less in the colony as this year than last, and the Chief Iuspec O tor affords no clue to this perceptible do is aline in out live stock. In 1870, we had 1 in round numbers - 1,410,000 sh eep and ,d lambs in Tasmania ; in 1878, the number 1 e had risen to 1,845,000, a figure which was so maintained in.the following year, and in 'y 1880 only the odd thousands had did [t appeared.- Butin 1881there was asudden rt drop to 1,730,000, and though the number recovered to 1,759,420 in 1882, it had in June, 1883,jfallen to 1,739,254, or a doe crease of 20,166 in the twelve months. The returns of sheep under the Scab Act D are the most reliable statistics to be ob tained, but for cattle we have to depend on the agricultural statistics, which show that in 1873 there were 104,594 head of cattle in the island, and the number T steadily niounted till 1880, when 129,001 d were returned. In the following year tlthe gures fell to 126,900, recovering in d. 1882 to 130,526, but declining in 1883 to 122,504, giving a decrease for the twelve mN onths of 8 022%head. The Chief In spector admits there are still a few thou ad sand sheep to be accounted for during ad the next six months by owners who will it- forward their returns late, but this will nd not explain the large decrease. A con ea sidorable prdportion, however, can be ail accounted for by 'the larger number. soB slaughtered to meet the wants of an increasing population, and by the decrease ld in the number of sheep imported for pur poses of food.. From 1869 to 1881 we , imported from 10,000 to 22,000 sheep annually, there being. only.two years in I which the number fell below 10,000; but y' while in 1881 the exact number imported was 11,458, in 1882 only 4795 were brought into the colony. Of cattle, from 800 "to 1900 head were imported annually, but in 1882 we- there were only 027 head imported, md against 1953 in 1881. It is noticeable (20 also, as evidence of increased consumption, that in 1882 27,445 sheep and 3084 head BE of cattle were rooeived at the Hobart tle. station of the Main Line Railway, against :ry 18,220 sheep and 2071 head of cattle in 8 1881. None of these statistics, however, satisfactorily explain the decrease of ish 20,000 sheep and 8000 cattle in Tasmania use in the last twelve months, and with an on- increasing consumption and decreasing *st. stock we would ask what hope is there of blo meat becoming cheaper unless the res tud trictions on the importation of either live oth or dead meat are relaxed I t The export of wool keeps up, the re turns for last year showing an increase on S the previous year despite the falling off in tal the number of sheep in the colony. There is a very noticeable increase in the quan for tity of wool exported from the port of Hobart during the last ten years, which as is probably coupled withl a corresponding m, decline in agriculture in the southern Spart of the colony, and the absorption o 1 , small holdings into the large sheep runs; In 1873 only 2,390,4001be. wool were ex ported from Hobart, while in 1883 the export had risen to 4,305,7211bs.. At the aed port of Launceston, during the same ra peoriod, thbo export of wool had only in Screased from 2,286,7501bs. to 3,842,2171bs. The total quantity of wool exported for the year 1882.3 was 8,237,9381bs., valued uni at £447,155, against 8.203,0091bh.i, alued at £451,475, for the previous twelve K. months. ED. Our of the forty-ei bills passed dur the ing thle past session of Parliamont, one theonly, that making provision for the salary and allowances of the Governor, . has to be reserved for the signification of her Majesty's pleasure, the remainder ted having been made law by proclamation. his Excellency Sir G. C. Strahan assont Sing to them on behalf of the Queen. Amongst these nmeasures are acts authorising the purchase of land and her orection of new public oflcet and all Otatoms House at Launcestton, which Shave been long toneeded, the accom tnodation of tie present buildings having n for years past been inadequate for tlhe re ,o quirements of the public servico, and ine' olffices having to be rented in various ret streets. The Government, however, with culpablo apathy, noglected to make any provision for future extension of the Iv Public Buildings here, and in consequence Sis will have to pay thousands for land that ien by the exerciso of a little foresighlt might sad have been secured for hundreds. The site noa chosen forthonewPublic Buildingsias atthe atangle of St. John and Camoron streete,op re posite to the present block of offices now rub occupied by Mr. J. Williams and others. the It belongs to the lion. Donald Cameron. tr who, we understand, has asked a very iw high figure for this valuable block, but e the price will be settled by arbitration dl under the powers conferred by law on tie. the Government in sucht cases. The new dri Custom House is to hbe erected on the site of the present landing-waiters' oflice, fronting on the Esplanade at the foot of St. John-street. The preseltt Customs offices and bonded stores have long been inadequate for the business requirements TI of the port, and it is a disgrace to the m Government that they have so long been eh deaf to the representations made to them, vi and have contented themselves with T patchwork excrescences from time to time, cc instead of providing suitable accommoda- r. tion in a building worthy of the principal ac port in the island. It is, however, to ai be hoped that, warned by past ox- b perionce, they will not be content h with present proposals, which will only n just about meet present requirements, p but will exercise some foresight in \' providing room for further extension a of the ,publio oflices when the necessity A arises. 1 THE INWARtD ENGOLainu-IAIL.- The R.M.S. Ballarat with the English mails up to 21st ult. anchored in Hobson's Bay r at 730 a.m. yesterday. The s.s. Flinders loft the Melbourne wharf at 11 a.m., and , having iranshipped the Tasmanian portion of the mails, left'for here, where she is t due about 10 o'clock this morning. t HosPrIrL CASE.-A man named Church I was cutting wood at the Fingerpost on Monday morning, ueisirg a heavy English axe, when it slipped and cut the big toe of the' riglhtfoot, nearly severing it from the foot. He was taken to.tihe lospital t on Monday, where the limb was dressed, an~ho is now progressing favourably. IcEIvED.-We have received a copy oflthe compiled papers and proceedings of the Royal Society of Tasmania for' 1882. Several interesting and lengthy papers by Mr. R. M. Johnston, F.L.S., on the different varietieaiof fish in Tasmania, are included. Mr. G. M'In. tyro in a paper on the state of surveys in Tasmania; condemns the system in use here for the following reasons :-It is not based upon triangulation; the sectional surveys are built up, ono' upon another, across large.areas of country ; tlhe surveys are not subject to any mathematical check; there is no systemaatic field in spection; the limit of error allowed is nso great as to preclude anything like ac curacy ;. in the cities and towns there are no standard survey lines laid down; the surveys are made to independent magnetic meridians; and, finally, the office plans and compilations are constructed entirely upon the,'building up" system.withoutthe check afforded, by the connection of sur veys with accurately-determined trigono. metrical stations. Five other papers are contributed by Messrs. R. MI. Johnston, ~E.Etheridge(jtun.), F.G.S., Jc. Barnard, Lieutenant Beddome, I.F., and W. F. Petterd. ,PRonooATION or PARLIAMENT. - A Gazette extraordinary was published on Monday notifying that Parliament had been prorogued until Friday, the 14th of December, by a proclamation issued by his Excellency the Governor. PRINCE OF r ALES'S BIRTIIDAY.- A notice is published in tile Garetle that iris Excellency' the Governor has directed r Friday, the 0th of November, to be ob a served as a public holiday throughout the colony, it being the Prince of Wales's birthday. HEALTH OFFICERn. - Applications will bt e received at the office of the Town Clerk . up to 4 p.m. on 12th inst. from persons d compotent and willing to undertake the duties of Sanitary Officer of the town of Launceston, at a salary of £250 per raunnum. - unTEA MEET'ING AT BIStIIOPaOURNE.-A 1 tea meeting will be held at Bishopsbourne this afternoon, the proceeds to be devoted to putting the local cemetery in order. ARTILLERY QUADRLLLE ASSEMBaLY. o At a meetingof the committee ofArtillery eQuadrille Assembly, held last evening, Mr. A. P. Mills, the hen. Secro tary, was presented with a gold locket (bearing the following inscription): g -"Presented to A. P. Mills, by the com I1 mittee of A.P.Q.A., October 30, 1883, ii for the successful manner in which Ire carried out the recent assembly." ,Mr. Mills, in returning thanks, stated that the Assemblyhad been a great'succoas, financi r. ally and otherwise, and he would offer n his services again on any future occa sion. " TuE CAPE CLEAR. -At the 'Marine Board meeting .yesterday, the Master ' Warden, Captain Gilmore, stated that he p had received notice to the effect that the Cape Clear, a.s., from London, was to come up the river to Launceston with about fifty tons of cargo, which she in d tended to discharge hero. As her length e was considerably greater than any of the other vessels trading hero, there would be considerable danger of her getting on the e mud in turning Stephen'son's Bond and 12 other sharp corners, thus blocking the 1; channel. He thought she should be made in to stop at Rosevear's, and the cargo lightered up. He thought she might be t got up to the bar if the tug were in atten dance to assist her in turning. Warden rt Ditcham followed in tthe same strain, at stating that the vessels of the size of the i Cape Clear could not' ascend 'the Yarra. He thought she might safely be got as far r, s Rosevear's. The length of the" ape of Clear is 291 feet, and her draught of water is about20 feet. It is clear, therefore, that , she could not cross the bar and must re main below it, blocking in a great mea sure the traffic on the river. Tile matter of was finally left in, the hands of .the s- Master Warden. S' TaR oRosROSEVEARt's.-The sa.. Indignant will make its usual half-holiday trip to Rosevear's at 2 o'clock this afternoon. e- RrrFL REGInENcT.-Sixty members tn of this regiment were; on,. parade in last night, the officers being Major re Aikenhead (commanding. oficer), Captains; Room an I' Martin, Lisuts. Gould, Fair. thorns, and Hobkirk. The regiment of were firest put through company drill tnder 1h the commanders of companies, 'after Swhich they wer exeorcised in skirmishing drill. The commanding officer read sotne n iotes on firing in extended order, and fully explained. to the men the various ; points to be observed. The date of the . practical examination ffor non-commis sioned officers has been changed from next SThursday to Thursday week. Tomorrow a the regiment will paradoeat 2-30 p.m. for s a half-day parade, when there will be a .. march out and a competition between Nos. 1 and 2 Companies. The drill will 'be of a very instructive nature, and it is r to be hoped that there.will be -a good d muster. STd nnEET. ITEars.-Yesterday a woman e named Sarah Browso slipped on the cement pavement when coming oqt of a shop in Brlinbane-street, and fell heavily, r fracturing her right thigh. Assistance o was afforded by some passers-by and, a r constable who witnessed tihe accident, , and the sfloeror was conveyed to thoelos of pital, where the injured limb was set by r Dr. Thomson. Last evening a horse at. n tnched to a wagonnette boled from the t- George-street stand into Brisbaneo street; , but with commendable promptitude Cont ts stable J.. Wilkins managed to arrest the d frightened animal in time to prevent a d collision writhl a vehicle that was coming in oh an opposite direction. . Tre IMirANT' r -Anothier bhtch of g the Cair pe Clear ianirgrants arrived yes. \- terday by thie exprts. train froin IHobart. i There were about 50 in all, adults and a children, and they have boon .lodged at i. Bishop'e Tempcirance Hotel, wharf, where y about 100 of thie C(ape Clear immigrants e have niow been provided for, and it is o highly~ satisfactory to iote that all express t themselves is being very conifortable, it one ofr thien saying it " was like a little e heaveo," after twhat they had been used i to oi- board ship. Tihe comfortable p- quarters fitted upTtirf the imninigraots at Sthie old Brckfield's Dtpt iin IHobart have . not yet been utiiliseol, tihe hiring that has . been done lhavicg been carried os on J board the Capo Clear, and thire Launcs t ton consignments transhipped direct n from the steamer, those:arriving yestar n day being even sent away by the 8 a.m. Strain without any brealkfast. Another r family arrived by the e-enlng train, and , went to Bishop's. Hiring hours,, and f thie trades of those open for engagement is will be found in another column. ST. Jon'NS CaURnc BAND OF HOPe. This society held their regular monthly d meeting in the church school-room last A evening, the chair being occupied by the a vice-president, Mr. George Babington. a The programme was of a varied character, a consisting of gleoas, songs, duets, readings, c recitations, and dialogues, also a flute a solo, which were rendered in good style, t and judging from the appreciation shown n by the largo audience present, all must have thoroughly enjoyed the entertain- a mont. The following ladies and gentle- c ioent took an active part :-Misses May r Windsor, F. Foster, R. Dwyer, Stephen- c son, M. Humo, Abra, Messrs. H. Lakin, a A. Lakin, A. It. Horne, E. S. Bush, A. J. Scott, B. W. Toveloin, A.Teveloin, W. t Foutrill, E. Lakin, W. Scott, A. Calder, I F. S. Sutton, Miss Stackhouse presiding 1 at the cabinet organ. It is very encou raging to see this society making such headway. Every meeting now members are enrolled, sixteen new members being i placed on the books last evening, and l there are great hopes of a good future for this work, which is daily spreading in all parts of the world. LAUNCESTON TELEPHONE EXCHAcGaE - Mr. M. Fahey is progressing with the erection of the poleos for the above, and yesterday the second of the great poles to take the strain of the numerous wires at the principal angles was erected and firmly bedded in concrete, at the corner of Brisbane and St. John-streets. These poles, with their numerous cross arms covered with insulators and wires, will cortainly not add to the beauty, though they may to the business like appearance, of our streets. They are 28ft. long and 12in. square at the butt, and a third has yet to be erected at the corner of Tamar and Cisnitiere streets, the intermediate poles being somewhat lighter. It has boon asked why the department do not use the street cables instead of the numerous single wires, but we beliere there is a I difficulty in obtaining it from England, the demand exceeding the supply, butthat an order for a mile and a half of street cable, containing 14 wires, was sent home some months ago, and will be utilised upon arrival. DERnEwuT ELECTORATE.-A writ was issued on the 29th inst., for the election of a member of the Council, to fill the vacancy caused by the retirement of the hon.-Mr: Gollibrand, M.L.O. Noniina lions close on the 10th of Nbvembyr, and in thi event of more than one person being nominated, an • election will take place on Friday, the ]6th. NOOK NOTES. -A correspondent writes: \--Mr. Rule, the Inspector, paid a visit to our school last week. I hear that the children who attend regularly are improv f iog.-We are to have Dr. Turnley, Super intendent of Vaccination, on Wednesday next, when parents will have to take their children.--What might have been a seri ous accident happened on Friday last to a son of Mr. Bott. He was carting stone, and after taking down a panel, on turning round saw that his brother had started the team. The boy happily got clear all but his foot, the side rail striking him on the ankle. The foot is very much swollen, but no bones were broken.-The road contractors have started metalling ; all the grubbing will soon be completed. SUICIDE OF MR. JAMES POLLARD. We clip the following telegram from the Englishman's Overland Mail, dated Ran- goon, Sept. 14. -"Mr. J. J. Pollard, junior, the conductor of tile Lilliputian Opera Company, shot himself through the head at the British Burmah Hotel at about 2 o' clock this morning, and died about six." ENoL:ass ENTnERPISE.--Few statistics can be more gratifying to British insular pride than those supplied by a French I: paper on the length of te submarine cables of the world. Nearly all the tole graph lines under the sea have been manufactured by English workmen, purchased with English money, and laid 0 down by English engineers. The capital 5- of the three companies reaching from r London to the countries of the East is a- represented by more than 31,000 miles of submarine cables, and of this total all ebut a very small proportion is owned in er England. Greater energy has been shown by toreign capitalists in the constructionrio a telegraph lines from the coasts of America a to Europe; but even in this direction the h English companies own 13,000 miles 5- against 10,000 the proper'ty of ad. iI venturers in other lands. The com a panies connecting Europe with Brazil so and the West Indian islands have laid ia down about 12,000 miles of wire, and d scarcely a tenth of that mileage is owned is outside Great Britain. to SETTING THE THAMES ON FIRE.-A t remarkable instance of an error arising 1 from similarity in sound is in the phrase a- "setting the Thames on fire." The sub in atitution of the name of a river for the n, correctw'.ord entirely deprives the ex 10 pression of any meaning, and: so general a" has the error become that, foolish though or the mistake is, it is perhaps useless to P attempt to restore the trne signification or of the saying, which like many others is at traceable to the domestic pursuits of our s forefathers before machinery did so much a- of their work. Many years ago, before or smachinery was introduced into flour mills 1B for the purpose of sifting flour, it was the custom of the miller to send it away un at sifted. The process of sifting was done to at:homo,thus:--Tho temso, or sieveivhich was moved with a rim that projected from CO the bottom of it, was worked over the O month of the barrel into which the flour r or meal was sifted. :The active follow who as worked hard not snfrequently set the rim r on' fire' by force of friction against tlhe 't rim of tihe.floir barrel; -so' that this de r partment of domestic employment he-' er came a standard bywhich to test a man's 5 willand capacity te work liard:. Thus of ' a lazy follow, or on'deficient in troeigth, d it was said he '? will never set the temso ' on fire." The word ia still in common a ue. in Lincolnshire to signify the sieve \- used by brewers to remove the hops from 1 thle boer. S A RoaiN CATHroLo OaEcTIOrxo TO TII SOATH.-A girl about seventeen years old, callod as chief witness in a case heard at 1 Nottingham Police Court, having ex. samined the Bible placed in her hand, Ssaid : "Gentlemen, this book belongs to the Clhurch of Englahd, 1 presume " Magistrate : Yes. Witness: Then I n decline to take my oath upon this a book. Mnagistrateo : Why I Are you an 5 atheist 1 Witness: Indeed, gentlemen, SI am no atheist; I am a Roman s Catholic. I shall decline to take the oath upon that book. M.agistrate: Why, that , Bible contains the Gospels and Epistles \- approved:and appointed to be road in all y the chuarches and achapols in England. V Witnes : Gentlemen, in all your churches ' '-aad chapels, but not ia mine. The m sagistrate :What Bible will you take \- your oath on? Witness: On a Roman t Catholio Douay Bible. • Unless I a have one I will not take my In oatlh nOi any other. The witness thena loft the hall for a quarter of an ef hoiir, when she was again called in, and s- atill objected to take the oath upon the '. book. Magitrato:e : I have never hleard I susch an objection, only by a Pteabyterian; at who 'claimed his form of alfirmation. o Witness : Then I, as a Roman Catholic, a claim to affirm. Magistrate : What is form of aflirmation will you give thast a what you say is true I Witness : , I will affirm, that what I any is e true by the sign of the Cross, in the d name of God the Father, Son, and Holy s Ghost. Maglstrate : Then hold the Bible t in your hand and make the sign of,tha re cross. Witness : Gentlemen, I will not as hold that book as a Catholic. I set no o value on that version of the Bible. It \- would not bind me. Imnust have my own t true Bible, or I will not take the oath. I r- will not kiss any otther book. The mriagias a. trate tisen adjourned the case so that a r proper Bible mighit be obtained from the I Roman Catholic hishop. d TeE late Dean Boyd, of Exeter, has left at nearly £40,000 in legacies to societies in the diocese. Hor VEATBERt IN ENGLor.D.-A Lon. r don paper states that during one week in August the heat was so groat at Aldershot as to prevent any parades, save those of more roll.call. Even at so early an hour as 7 a im. the atmosphere had been.so close, and there had been such a want of air, that the men were unable to do more than fall in their places, anything like marching or moving in close bodies being a almost impossible. tMany of the oficers and men who have served in India de clared that they. never felt the heat so C much in that country as they have in the m camp during the middle days of the o month of August. THe CzAa's TITLE.-The following is the full Imperial title of the Czar :-The Orthodox and most Pious and Christ- o loving, most Autocratic, our Mighty 0 Sovereign, crowned by God exalted, the Autocrat of All the Russias, Moscow, Kioef; Fladimir, and Novgorod, Czar of Kazan, Czar of Astrachan, Czar of Poland, Czar of Siberia, Czar of Taurid Khersoneso, Czar of Georgia, Lord of l Pskoff, and Grand Prince of Smolensk, Lithuania,ZVolhynia, Podolia, and Fin- P laud, Prince of Estland, Lifland, Tvor- n Yougoria, Permo, Viatka, Bulgaria (on a the Volga), and other places, Lord and ii Grand Prince of the Lowlands of Nov. gorod, of Tehornigoff, lyazoan, Polotak, Rostufl, Yaroslave, Byelozersk, Oudor, r Obdor, Kondisk, Vitobsk, Ietisloevsk, and Ruler of All the Countries of the t North, Lord of the Territories of Iberia, j SKartalinsp, and Kabardinsk, and of the Districts of Armenia, hereditary Lord h and Sovereign of the Circassian and t Mountain Princes and others, Lord of b Turkestan (this is the last addition), i Heir of Norway, Duke of Schleswig 5 Bolstein, Stormarn, Dithmnarsen, and Oldenburg, etc. THE SPEAKER OF Tle HouSE On' Cot . Sntons.-Sir Henry Brand is really a man a of marvellous phisiqee. He is in his seventieth year, and has spent a busy life in politics. Even a Prime Minister can eleep through a tedious debate : a Speaker must be sleepless. When debate is most r tedious there is most fear of irrelevance. Sir Henry, however, somehow keeps' lhimself wide awake. And when he is a most busily engaged lie finds time for t exercise. A little while ago the House o sat until the full dawn, and Sir Henry was the last to leave it. Imagination d conceived of him as under the shooeets at n noon next day. Not a bit of it I He e might have been met, and was mot, at half-past ten in the city, with his cigarette between his lips, taking his morning walk and doing a little business on his i own-account; and he looked then fresher i than most of the men around him. It really seems as though the way to get a capacity for work is to get seventy years of age. DEATH OF THE BELOIu. FASTING GIRL. \--Louise Lateau, the Belgian fasting girl, who was said to bear the marks of the COrncifixion, is dead. S QUArINT ANNouNOuecNT. -Travelling down the Murray River 20 years ago, a notice may have been seen fixed upon a tree cautioning travellers to " Shut this d here gate." A humorous wayfarer had. evidently written the following on a card, and fixed it on the gatepost : Traveller, stop I Ono memont wait, And read" Shut this here gats." If you are so caroless as not to do it, I. You, in conseo of time, may rue it; i, For thoe sheep far and wide may stray, Nor again bh found for many a day. Then the worthy enterprising squatter, Whose name, pleal konow, is Mr. Potter, Mt May arrest, and put you into prison id For not taking care of that property of hie'n. Therefore, traveller, whean qeuo yo know your fate' a Don't forget to " Shut this here gate." ir CanEA MONEY. - According to the Ih nsnrace and Banking Record there is 1O evidently a prospect of cheap money in e- England for at least the rest of this year. n The dread of an autumnal drain of specie , to the United States hls evidently passed id away. Several things have contributed s1 to this end, the principal being the to inferior character of this year's harvest is in America, which is officially estimated af at 12 per ceont. less than that of 1882, and II thegreat fall which hasrecently takeonplace n in the export price of American broad 'stffs. This fall has been induced by the cf unprecedented large stock of wheat held ia In Liverpool and other British ports, and so the occurrence of a good harvest in Eng 'a land in suceessin to the fine harvest of 1" 1882. For the present the United States \- have lost the control of the corn market, i and with it the power to derange the .d English money market. d STRON DBRINKS IN INDIA.-By the ad last returns published it appears that a great decrease has taken place in the con A sumption of strong drinks by the Euro. ig pean soldiers in India, and that there is a se corresponding spread of sobriety among h- the rank and file of the army there. In is the year 1877-78 the total consumption of rx rum among British troops in India was 1 253,254 gallons, whereas in 1881.2 it fell h to 149,801 gallons. Comparinig the o same years as regards beor-drinking the n figures are, respectively, 70,942 and is 74,747 hogsheads. Thus it will be seen that though the consumption of rum has cia decreased, that of beer has not increased. ! POTTED BUTTER.-With a view to is bringing about a better quality of potted ee butter in our dairies, a correspondent a- signing himself " Paterfamilias" forwards se the following method of preserving butter ch as recommended by Dr. Thomas Ander n son, the eminent Scotch agricultural se chemist :-Saltpetre and white sugar, of .r each 1 lb; best large grained salt, 2"lbs; eo all in fine powder, mix thoroughly, and m add 1 oz. of this mixture to every pound se of fresh butter, and thoroughly incor e- porate them together. The butter thus e-' prepared is next to be tightly pressed into a clean earthenware vessels or well seasoned f casks, so as toleave no vacuities. The h, butter does not taste well before it has s stood for three or four weeks, after which n it acquires a rich marrow-like flavour, e which belongs to no other butter. An m excellent means of protecting the butter from the air consists in filling the pots to E within an inch of the top, then to lay on d. it somen large-grained salt to a thickness t of j or a, inch, and lastly to cover each . pot wih a plate, slate, or other flat , article. The salt absorbs water, and in o time changes into brine, which forms an Sair- tight layer on the top of the butter, I and can be poured off by simply turning is the pot on one side. A MEETnea off the parishioners and seat. sn holders of St. Andrews' Church, Carrink, will be hold in the church, at 3 p.m. en itoenday, to take into noesideration the building of a par at sonage. es Tnspecial tripe organised by the T.S.N. 11 Co. for the Mielbourno Cup will bo found in sou adverOtisinag columns. TuE menthly mooting ef' tie Chamber of es Commore aillbe hold in the ommittooe.room as ef tie KIoehanice' Institute, on Thursday, the 05 1st November, at 4 oilock p.m. e ocnVOescca's 05 and -als asd dash I brandy,1o78 vintae, amthorougly plr erpeit wary ted equal to Ofarteas~l and eeney's Stok alwa s oe baend and arrioig. Sold bo pall wno aud spirit msrehbsts. DaLs~erc, me Moose, Dwo Co.. acsa.--(lAdvt. ed lanD OaEus.-A large assortment ice Fancy is \Viro, WVooden, Breeding, and Parrot Cores. rd F. HAniT eND So0.-AAdit. Tlln most flatterisr Itributa to the merit, of Udolpleo Wolfies Sehiedam Aromatle n. Sshsapas is to ie eouad in the fact that, sl c, thougth repeatedly piratofl, and oiten imitated, at nothiig has ever been produced thst e?os sims. s lates this matcflefss prearstion. All the aou? tsrated compounds snd noxious sostrums, tfe diluted cordials and sickly clhirs that have 55 been foisted on the public, bar 'io more the so *badowfa semblaace tothits escellinginnigcrnot ly than tfee strongest ertificial light to tie grcrs i luminary of the day. o v) es sefferiag from irritatiou of the thlroatannd horse. ot nosa willbarceceahly surprnised at the almost a Lhumediato relief aitorded iy the uscot "'Brown's It Bronchial Troches." These fsmous lozences are now sold by most respectable chemists, at is lid opr bon. People troubled with a "hackinge cough," "a ligiet olhl," or bro,ehiel aIfectiona, 5- coannot try them too ,oon, a siieilar troubIes, If allowed to progress, reault h serious pal'. r monary acil mtlnnaatte aifection. See that tue words "Brown's BIronshlial Tloehees" are on tie Sovernment stamp around aeCh boe.- -Prepsred by JOaN I. doesWN & SONS. BoIsten, U.S European depot removed to 33, Farringdon road, Lsndon.--Adrt. 