It is a coincidence that the great "back slums" question is attracting attention, both in Melbourne and in the antipodal cities. Special reporters have been making their observations amongst the Chinese dens or Little Bourke- street and the purlieus ot Romeo lane, at the very time the recording angels of the Press at the other end of the world have been exploring the haunts of vice in Spital fields, and the 2500 " courts " or blind alleys of Liverpool. In both hemispheres political questions have worn themselves out, and measures of " Social Reform" are taking their place. The problem of (he day is the growth of extreme wealth side by side with extreme poverty, and those who look a little deeper than the surface _..uSi>n in 4-1. n nndaninit /if til S ml 1 f |)ClvCl»C UI ouc nmuuug va vuw guu between the two classes a fertile source of future danger to the State. No particular form of Government seems to be especially responsible for the con dition of things that has arisen," for it is the same in the new republics as in the older constitutional monarchies or the still more ancient autocracies. There is Yanderbilt in America with his fortune of forty millions sterling, giving a dinner which cost £10,000 in his £800,000 mansion, to allthe wealthy men of the country including the Astors, Jay Goulds, and the Great Bonanza Silver Kings, whose aggregate wealth tots up to hundreds of millions ; and whilst the entertainment is proceed ing there are hundreds of miser able objects dying outside the palace gates from sheer starvation. In England we have the Rothschilds, the Marqnis of Westminster, and many other f&bnlously; rich men, yet almost side by side with their town mansions there are large tracts given over to the reign of squalor, filth, and rags — exten sive areas inhabited by a dense popula tion where scarcely one well-dressed or respectable person is to be seen. Who can wonder that where such a state of things exists, society is said to be sleep ing over a volcano, and that such spectres as nihilism, socialism, com munism, and fenianism are continually flitting their shadowy figures across the banquetting table, like so many Banquo's ghosts? Such violent con trasts have not been witnessed since the days of Rome under the Caesars, and the time . may come when a terrible vengeance will be exacted for the past neglect of social questions, for it is an axiom all the world over, that poverty and discontent are the parentsof revolu tions. One writer, Mr. Francis Peck, says that the nnmber of people in Lon don who are half fed, half clothed, and steeped in wrecencuu to several great armies, and terrible spectacles of misery may be witnessed in the back slums where the air is deadly foul, where overcrowding poisons the blood, and where the inhabitants are so enervated that they have neither power nor inclination to struggle upward. Nor can society avoid the baneful consequences by merely re fusing to look the evil in the face, for the dearest and fairest children of the wealthy are often swept off by diseases originating in the fever-haunted dens which their own selfish indifference has permitted to exist. The Rev. Archibald Brown, a Minister in die East end of London, writes as fol lows : — Any practical worker among the lowest class of London's poor knows only too well that decency forbids a published account of the manners and morals of tens of thousands. A precarious income of a few shillings a week, obtained as casual dock labourer, or some similar employment, renders it impossible for the family to rent more than one room. In tire fetid atmosphere of this room, delicacy, self-respect, and modesty languish and die, mid no wonder either. Both sexes of all ages are huddled together for sleep on an indescribably filthv 'shake-down.' The garments of the day are the covering for the night, with perhaps the one difference of being over them instead of on them. This crowding together is the death of decorum and the source of untold depravity. Commenting on this, Mr. Samuel Smith, m.p., calculates that there are about three millions of the pauperised class in the United Kingdom, tbe greater part of whom are drunken and profligate in their habits, and he con siders it difficult to say whether mis fortune or folly has done most to pro duce this deplorable result. The : point, however, to which he desires to draw attention is that the balk of this human deposit of vice and poverty is hereditary, having come down from past centuries, and being little changed or ameliorated by the growing wealth and progress of the conntiy. The habits of the young are formed amid such depraving influences that they can scarcely grow up different from their parents, and the conclusion he has come to is that the hereditary entail of pauperism and crime can never be broken until far more stringent means are taken to save die children. He sees hordes of little urchins who live on the streets, earning money by trades closely akin to begging. At night they sleep in pestilential fever dens, or low lodging houses, where they see and hear everything that is vile; they grow lip devoid of moral sense, and drift into the modes of life their parents pursued. He'says none who have not come in contact with the refuse of our cities could believe what cruelty these children often suffer from drunken parents, and he has seen them covered with a mass of sores and bruises,, swarming with vermin, and more like animslB than human brings. The remedy proposed, is child emigra tion. It is contended that it is useless to put these children into workhouses and' other public institutionk, aB it is found that they invariably turn out badly. Edinburgh has gone so far as to break up her large orphan arid char itable establishments for this very reason, and thelittie waifs are now all boarded out in private famffies, where they do exceediny - vvell'' . There is potwppo in tbp Uoitrf Wngdwa $o dp . ' : V. ... ' ; this effectually, and it is proposed to send to Canada and Australia, neglected children from 4 to 12 years of age, hav ing previously subjected them to six months' training at tbe hands of ladies, in a Christian institution before plant ing out. This experiment is said to have been already tried, and itis fonnd there are plenty of homes offering in Canada amongst farmers who have, lost their own children by their early marriage or settlement in life, and who in that thinly-populated country regard children, as a blessing, instead of a burden. The experiment answers well also in a pecuniary sense, for whereas1 it costs £25 a year, or £125 in five years, to bring up a child in the large pauper establishments, the expense of fitting them out and sending them to Canada is only £15 per head. In the esse of the girls especially is the change of life and scene beneficial, for owing to tbe redundancy of females in England, there is nothing bnt a career of vice open to them, whereas every hundred young girls proceeding to the colonies where women are scarce, furnishes a supply of much-wanted female servants, to become afterwards respectable wives and mothers. Mr. Smith wants to get up a scheme for emigrating from 50,000 to 100,000 children a year, at the cost of the British Government, and he thinks if this were accomplished the dangerous classes would gradually disappear through the younger generations bring drafted off to new countries, where they would become prosperous and happy ; whilst the colonies would also benefit by the acquisition of the popu lation required to develope their resources. There is one thing we note in regard to these proposals, viz., that they are far more reasonable than the old plan of sending to the colonies the halt, the lame, and the blind — the offscouring of the gaols and workhouses of the old coun try. Mr. Smith recognises that the adult paupers of the old world are too confirmed iu their habits to be of much use as immigrants, and he is careful to urge that the children whom he would send away must be dep&nperised; before they -can be received into good and re spectable homes. Decent people, he observes, cannot be expected to take re pulsive children, using bad language or telling lies, and he reports that tbe great success of the work already ac- complished in Canada is due to the preparatory training given to the chil dren by Christian ladies, who have volunteered their services. This, it is alleged, is one of the social reforms which are more necessary at the pre sent day than any subject which could possibly engage the attention of the Imperial Parliament, and if the same amount of attention were bestowed upon it as upon the affairs of Egypt, tbe Transvaal, or Afghanistan, it would be all the better for the national well-being. It is foolish to wait until action is forced npon pnblic attention by a storm of popular discontent ; for good legislation when it comes too late, loses all its grace. Unsettled questions like these are liable to be rudely solved under democratic pressure from beneath, and the true statesman prefers to grant con cessions as a boon before they are ex torted as a -right. So thinks Mr Smith, and we quite agree with him. 