THE WESLEYAN CONFERENCE. I Thursday, January 25. Notices of Motion. — 1. By the Rev. B. G. Edwards—'" That in the opinion of this Conference the great mission of Methodism, to spread Scrip tural holiness throughout the land, would be better served by the amalgamation upon a basis of reason able mutual concession of the various Methodist bodies existing in this colony than by their con tinuing as at present." 2. By the lie v. v\\\ H. Huston—" That clause 19 in the Kules and Regu lations of the Home Mission Fund, which makes it compulsory tliat every circuit seeking aid from the fund shall make collection every Sabbath, be rescinded." A cordial vote of thanks was presented to the ex President lor the charge delivered by him to the newly ordained ministers in Pirie-street Church on Wednesday evening, and that he be requested to furnish a copy to be printed in the Christian Wctkly and Methodist Journal. children's fund. The Treasurer (Rev. R. M. Hunter) presented the balance-sheet, which was adopted. In accordance with a resolution of the last Conferonce, he pre sented a prospective statement for the coming year. It was resolved that the payments be the same as last year, and the levy slightly altered, so as to meet the claims. The discussion on the Hon. J. Colton's motion was resumed. Mr. Lock regretted the introduction of the ques tion and suggested its withdrawal. He rnovea the previous question, and urged the gentlemen from tbe country to save their own time by not lingering over the discussion. The Rev. T. Lloyd seconded He regarded the motion as entirely unnecessary, for Mr. Burnett's sendees were not honorary, and in the interests of peace he hoped the subject would be allowed to drop. The Rev. J. Haslam opposed the motion, lie thought there was altogether too much religious jnmboism, the desire after things, big, showy, sensational, and so on. He quoted several instances to prove the unreliability of Mr. Burnett'B statements. The Rev. D. O'Donnell spoke in support of the motion. He said the ten dency Mr. Burnett displayed to indulge in hyper bole was constitutional, and that they were to him atthe time the simplest truth. Mr. Lamshed re ferred to the good results of Mr. Burnetts work in Southern Yorke's Peninsula. The Rev. J. Nicholson spoke of the wide dif ference between the published returns and the tangible and permanent results of Mr. Burnett's work. That, together with other things of which he had spoken to Mr. Burnett personally, com pelled him to go against the motion. Mr. D. Nock recommended Mr. Coltou to withdraw the motion. The Hon. J. Carr. and some others spoke of what had been done in various places. The Rev. 8. Knight said there was much temperamental difference. For himself he saw defects and failures till ho was greatly depressed. These things Mr. Burnett never saw. lie fully admitted Mr, Bur nett's many mistakes. It was something like colour blindness, affecting tbe perceptions instead of the vision. His results were different to him than they appeared to any one else, hence bis representation had the appearance of exaggeration, but for all that. he believed in him heart ana soul. The Rev. J. F. Prior regarded such a statement as the last extremely damaging. The Hon. J. Colton, in replying, traversed the remarks of previous SDeakers. He saia Mr. Burnett must be regarded as an enthu siast, and not as many other men. He hoped they would take a broad and charitable view and pass tbe motion. The previous question was theu put as follows 41 That the question be not put, and carried by thiity votes to twenty-six. The motion, therefore, was not put to the Conference. The Rev. 8. Rnigiit moved the resolution emanat ing from the Kooringa Quarterly Meeting, and recommending the appointment of a minister as an evangelist. He referred to the great success that bad attended the setting apart of the Rev. J. Wats ford to a similar work in Victoria. It was not likely that any financial difficulties would occur. The Rev. C. T. Newman seconded. The Hon. J. Colton said he felt bound to oppose the motion. The analogy between the proposed appointment and that of Mr. Watsford did not exist, and he did not think a suitable minister was available. After some iurther conversation the motion was withdrawn. The balance-sheet of the Worn-out Ministers' and Ministers' Widows' Fund was read by the Rev. 8. Knight and adopted. The Rev. 8. Knight and Mr. W. Rhodes were reappointed Treasurers. FOREIGN MISSION'S. The balance-sheet was read by tbe Secretary (Rev. T. Raston) and adopted. Mr. Raston was re appointed. An abstiact of the minutes of the Board of Missions was read by the Rev. T. Raston, and gave rise to a lengthy discussion. The Rev. 11. T. Burgess referred to the action of the Board in relation to the allowances for children of returned missionaries, lie proposed a resolution on the subject, but subse quently withdrew it, as several members of the Con ference thought it would be better to take action in the Conference next year. Grateful acknowledg ment wos made of the visit of Mr. Youngman as a deputation. A resolution was passed to the effect that Dr. Kelynack be welcomed to the colony as a deputation on behalf of the Foreign Missions. The Rev. T. Lloyd and Mr. J. B. Hack were reap pointed Treasurers. It was resolved that deputa tions should be appointed to visit tbe various dis tricts, the arrangements to be made by the Minis terial Conference!. The General Committee was re appointed, to consist of the ministers of the Adelaide Circuits and the following Laymen, namely, the Hon. J.Colton, Hon. J.Carr, Messrs. F.Chappie, B.A., B.Sc., D. Davidson, M. H. Madge, R. Michell, and J. B. Hack; Rev. T. Raston, Secretary and Convener Friday, January 20. Notices of Motion.—1. By the Rev. .T. Nicholson —"That the Conference regrets that gambling by means of the totalizator is sanctioned by law, and that the cm ils of gambling are liable to be increased thereby: and records its protest against legalized gambling, and resolves to support any movement which may be initiated for the repeal of existing legal sanctions to the use of the totalizator." 2. By the Rev. C. Lank—" That in the opinion of this Conference it is desirable that some form of ticket be provided for the recognition of children who arc too young for admission to full membership." 3. By [ the Hev. S. "S. Moncrieff, when Question l£ (Church property) is under consideration—u That, i in consequence of the dilapidated condition of the I Mission Bouse at Paliuerston, it is desirable to ' make a coiniexioiial effort to cicct a new one, and ; tliat a committee be unpointed to take the lieces- j wary steps to secure this object, and also to conserve : the vested interests of the Church in the Northern Territory." The Rev. T. C. Laurance, according to arrange ment, was called upon to make a statement with reference to the interests of the Wcsleyan Church in Western Australia. He said it was not needful for him to refer to the extent of Western Australia; a map would show that it con tninod a very large tract of country. Nor did he need to refer to its mineral wealth or jarrali forest. The population, according to the lust census, was 20,708, divided thus—Males, 17,002; females, 12,040. During the past eleven years the increase bad been 4,923. The population in the chief city, Perth, and the other towns of Western Australia, and the number of members of the Wesleyau Methodist Church, and attendants on public wor ship, were :— rM.Mw.it Attendants Population. Perth 5,044 86 835 Preioantle .. .. 8,041 30 250 Albany .. .. 1,024 15 243 Geralilton .. .. 011 32 070 York 757 23 200 Bunbury .. .. 033 — — Guildford .... 020 2 — The denominations were divided thus Religions. 1870. 1881. Decrease. Church of England .. 17,523 1G,2G3 1,200 Roman Catholic .. .. 8,032 8,413 119 Increase. Wcsleyan 1,617 2,0S4 437 Congregational .. .. 1,057 1,262 205 Presbyterian .. .. 634 1,001 370 Others 315 0S2 807 Total 29,708 There were about 20 Episcopalian clergymen, 14 Roman Catholic, 7 Wesleyan, 2 Congregational, and 1 Presbyterian. Not in a boastful spirit, but as matters of fact which the Conference ought to know, he stated that in the Western Australian District a sum of over £10,000 had been eipeuiled in erections, independently of the smaller Church, during the past eighteen.years. He had wily to add that about the year isu7 they began to raise money for the Foreign Missions, and from that year to the present the annual amount raised had steadily increased, so that last year £180 2s. 3d. was raised us regular missionary income, and in addition Western Australia sent £23 towards liqui dating the debt of the parent Society, and £8 to Rev. <!» i>rge Brown and Fiji Missions. This year the Missionary money raised would equal the amount raised last year for regular income. They bad onI> a debt of about £300 due on the Wesleyan Manse, Northampton, and about £90 due on the Fremantle Church, lately enlarged and reopened. Qc wished to bear testimony, as the Superinten dent of the Perth Circuit, to the fidelity and earnest ness of his colleagues, and expressed his deep regret at the illness of the Chairman of the District (Rev. W. Lowe) who had, with himself, borne much of the labour and responsibility of the work in Western Australia. He closed by stating that he should gladly return to labour amongst his kind and long tried friends in Western Australia. Mr. Pope expressed his gratification with Mr. Laurance's address, and the lion. J. Coi.ton aud others acknowledged the value of the information imparted. The President said Mr. Laurance would receive the assurance of such appreciatiou as equivalent to a formal rote of thanks. CHURCH LOAN FUND. The Hon. J. Carr presented the balance-sheet for the past year, which was adopted. The total assets of the fund arc £5,46G, which is lent to various trusts without interest, and the increase of the fund during the year is £229. A donation of £50, to replace a loan made to a trust which had collapsed, had been made by the Treasurer (Hon. J. Carr), and £71 collected from tbo trusts by the Bev. S. Knight. Cordial thanks were voted to these gentlemen. The usual appointments of Treasurer and Auditors were made, and the regulations reaffirmed without alteration. _ _ _ A reouest "was maue by tne rort fine Circuit to allow of a connexional appeal on behalf of the Port Pirie Church and parsonage by the Bev. C. H. Goldsmitli. Statements were made as to the injurious effects of a succession of bad harvests on the Church finances, and the necessity of some special assistance being rendered. The application was granted. The Bev. J. B. Stephenson read the balance sheets of the Book Depot and the Christian Weekly and Methodist Journalt which were adopted. It was explained that though both the Book Depot and the paper were under the management of the same committee, the accounts were kept separate in order that the financial condition of each department might be clearly ascertained. The report of the committee respecting the action of the Book Com mittee in acquiring the copyright of the paper was read. It stated that the prospects of the paper had considerably improved, the circulation somewhat increased, and the outstanding book-debts consider ably reduced. Several members of the Conference referred to the value of the paper as a connexional organ and the general ability with which it was con ducted. A resolution was adopted confirming the action of the committee, and commending the paper to the members of the Church. THE BIBLE IN SCHOOLS. Mr. D. Nock moved the motion standing in his name in favour of the Bible being read m State schools during school hours. He referred to the serious and disastrous results of withholding the principles of the Bible from the education of the children. It was objected by some that this would be the entering wedge for State aid to religion. With that view he did not at all agree. The platform of the Victorian League did not include anything of the kind, nor did the Society established in South Australia. Though the Bible, according to the present Act, might be read before school hours it was excluded during them, and that practically in volved exclusion altogether. He quoted the testi mnnino nf lintli Mr f .1 a rl ctsina mirl ATi« UVkrufai* ta monies of both Mr Gladstone and Mr. Forster to Srovc that there was no real difficulty in having the ;ible read as he desired. The objection was only theoretical. He felt it to be most offensive in the sight of God that this one bovk, the foundation of nil true morality, should be practically excluded from State schools. The Bev. C. H. Goldsmith seconded, and urged that the spirit of the ancient principle, which required children to be trained in the knowledge ana fear of God, was still in exis tence. The most important part of education dealt with the moral sentiments, and the Bible was the only foundation for such teaching. He hoped the time would soon come when the existing blot on the system would be removed. The Bev J. Niciiol son said they should all agree that the Bible was the foundation of moral training. It was necessary to be cautious how they encouraged the formation of a rabid secular opinion. He had witnessed the ! process, and the sad results of the exclusion of the ; Bible from the schools in Victoria. He believed to that fact was partly due the growth of larrikinisni. As to the religious difficulty, the experience of the London School Board quite disposed of it. The union of denominations on the question was a beautiful illustration of the substantial unity of Christianity. Bespecting the opinions of those wbo differed from him, lie yet found it difficult to understand their attitude, in view of the responsibilities laid upon them when they opposed the reading of the Bible in »State schools. The Bev. AV. T. Carter opposed the motion. He deprecated the spirit assumed towards those who thought with him. He revered and believed in the power of the Bible, but objected to any departure from the principle of let and let think. Protestantism was in favour of liberty and opposed to coercion. He held that the programme of the Bible in Schools Society involved State aid to religion. Superficially there was something very attractive in bringing the power of the State to bear in this direction. Principles were all very well, hut, as Mr. Joseph Cook had said, they must not let their principles cany them over Niagara. There was a coercive element in the programme, because any child with drawn from the Scripture lesson was put to some secular task. The proposed legislation was opposed to the genius of Australian life. British freedom in Australia was mcr than in England, and should not I e interfered with. The practical solution of the difficulty was for them to do their best to teach Biole truth, as they found opportunity in the way that some earnest people had done. The Rev. ,T. Allen sup ported the motion. \Vas such Bible toachiug right ? J he historical value of the book was sufficient answer. Was it expedient? He said it was, that the needs of the children uf irreligious parents might be met, because to avoid it did not meet the case of Roman Catholics and others who objected to religion, for the maintenance of the moral stamina <>!' the tuition, and because of the numbers of paiv-.it.:> who had signified their wishes in that direction. Mr. Watt said liberty to enjoy the privileges of Jiible fi ling and instruction had been purchased by the best blood of their ancestors, and the withdrawal of it by Parliament was a serious wrong. Mr. Ciiabpli:, replying to the Rev. W. T. Carter, said his argu ments did the very thing t-o which he objected, for they were illustrations of following principles over Niagara. They all wished the vouth of the land to be brought up in morality, and Bible truths presented to the minds of the young at some time or other, whether in the schools or not. About the only trustworthy source, and the great standard of morality, was the Bible, lbe State inculcation of morality was a very different thing from State aid to denomiiia finnalivm 'I'tioou iwjf, fvtil.liu ivuva nnfc flio aLili'm. tionalism. These ureal truths were not the shibbo leths of anj' or all of the Churches. In opposing this Mr. Col ter allowed the principle of no State aid to religion to carry him over Niagara. The question of freedom also must lie taken with limitations. They were not free to lie ignorant or immoral. Com pulsion was put upon parents in a given district to send their children to a particular school. Freedom in such cases was withdrawn, and so the principle insisted oil could bo carried too far. Here again devotion to liberty carried Mr. Carter over Niagara. As to the suggested remedy, it had been tried in England, where the conditions were far more favou rable, and yet the system bad failed, while the present plan was succeeding. He doubted whether ministers generally could .successfully carry out the plan. With all respect he said that the school masters were better fitted for this work of teaching. The attendance at the Bible lessons he conducted was entirely voluntary, and yet there was only one boy at tbe College that did not attend. It would be a retrogressive act for theui to fall back on a system that had failed and been abandoned. The Rev. R. M. Huntkr said that of all the ghosts that trouble men that of Mate aid to religion was about the biggest, ugliest, and most bodiless. Morality was inseparable from Christianity, and could not be taught apart from the Bible. Though some so taught found their way into crime and so into prison, it did not prove that the teaching was valueless. But for it very many more would have followed. .Some masters wore said to be unfit to give a Bible lesson, and if so they had better be cashiered forthwith. The Rev. G. \V. Patchku,, whose speech has since acquired a melancholy interest, commenced by saying that the State had taken the work of education in hand, and monopolized all the time of the chil dren. He referred to the derivation of the teim "educate," and said it meant a drawing out of the powers that the children possessed. This a purely secular system could not accomplish. It dealt with only one-part of the nature, and that the least important. It developed the intellectual faculties but left the moral nature entirely un touched. Such an education was necessarily incom plete, and therefore he advocated the introduction 1 of the Bihlp into the system. He urged in support of the motion that it was the expressed wish of the parents in South Australia, who had voted 9 to 1 in favour of it. As to the permission to read the Bible now in the Act it was a dead letter, and the time specified did not suit. It was said that the Sunday schools might supply the lack of service, but statistics of the number of children attending day aud Sabbath schools respectively proved that not the half of them belonged to the latter. He did not believe that there was any d;fficulty in teaching either the great historical lessons of the Bible or the moral law which it contained. It would be a sad thing if the Ten Commandments were.not incul cated upon the young, for they were the true sanctions of morality. He had been glad to hear so many speeches on the subject, and most of them on the same side, for at the last Conference he was the only speaker. There was then a majority of two-and a-half to one in favour of the motion, but this time he hoped all would be convinced of its propriety and it would be carried unauimously. Towards the close of his speech, Mr. Patchell's voice became weak, and lie sat down somewhat abruptly, but it did not excite any apprehension. A brief conversation took place as to whether the debate should go on, as the speaking was almost exclusively on one side. Mr. Millingtox pressed to be bcavd, and the President said they would then take the vote unless there was any opponent of the motion. After Mr. Millingtox had spoken in support of the motion, it was about to bo put, when the Rev. R. S. Casely said, as the Rev. J. F. Stephenson, who with himself iutended to vote on the other side, had been compelled to leave, lie wished to state why they disagreed with it. Ho regarded it as a form of State aid to religion, to which he objected, aud he thought the present arrangements in the Act should not be dis turbed. While Mr. Casely was continuing his remarks the Rev. G. W. Patchell was seen to sink partly from his chair. The Rev. H. T. Burgess, who sat next, supported him for a few moments, and then, with the Revs. C. T. New man and 8. Knight, carried him to the open air. It was at once seen that the seizuro was of a most serious character, and the Conference broke up in alarm. Medical aid was obtained at once, but the symptoms grew rapidly worse. The afflicted minister was cairicE into one 'of the vestries, where Dr. O'Connor, Dr. Henry, and subsequently Dr. Stirling were in attendance. After a brief interval the Pre sident requested the members of the Conference to reassemble in the Church and engage in prayer. This was continued until it was pronounced that the seizure was manifestly fatal, and even then groups of ministers and lay gentlemen gathered in various places to pray for the wife and children of the departing minister. The scene was one of extraordinary solemnity, which reached its climax when the announcement was made that all was over, which occurred in less than an hour from the time when Mr. Patchell concluded his speech. EVENING SESSION. It has been arranged for a ministerial session of the Conference to be held in the evening to complete the third reading of the stations. The ministers assembled at half-past 0, and it was immediately agreed that the business could not be proceeded with. Part of a hymn commenciug *' Why do we mourn departing friends" was sung, and prayer offered. It was resolved that a message of condo lence be telegraphed to Mrs. Patchell and family. The President of the Conference was requested to preach a funeral sermon in the Pirie-street Church on Sunday evening; and the Rev. R. >S. Casely to prepare an obituary notice. Some other funeral arrangements were made, and the Conference adjourned. Saturday, January 27. The Conference met at the usual time, and it was immediately resolved that in consequence of the sad occurrence of the previous day the business should be postponed till Monday. The Rev. C. T. Newman was requested to undertake the duties of the Con ference Letter-writer, and to prepare a letter of condolence, to be forwarded to Mrs. Patchell on Monday. The following letter was read by the Secretary " To the President and Members of the Wesleyan Conference. "Rev. and Dear Sirs—I beg most respectfully to forward the following resolution passed by the ; General Committee of the South Australian Total Abstinence League and Band of Hope Union at its meeting last evening:— "That this committee desires to express its deep sympathy with the Wesleyan Conference now sitting in this city in the sudden and unexpected death of the Rev. G. W. X'atcliell, M. A., formerly one of the Vice-Presidents of this league. "1 am, Rev. and Dear Sirs, "Yours respectfully, "Gf.o. W\ Cole, Hon. Sec. " Adelaide, January 27,1SS3." A motion for adjournment was then submitted. Several members of the Conference spoke of the de ceased minister in terms of affection and respect, and emphasized the solemn lesson of his sudden death. Much sympathy with the bereaved family was also expressed, and it was resolved that a meeting should be held after the funeral to consider their circumstances, and the best means to adopt The Conferenco then adjourned. Monday, January 20. Telegrams of condolence on account of the sudden death of the Rev. <J. W. l'atchell, M.A., were received from the Victoria and New South Wales Conferences. The motion in favour of Bible-reading in State schools during school hours was put and carried almost unanimously. The subject of the amalgamation of the various Methodist bodies, of which the Rev. B. G. Edwards had given notice, lapsed. The Rev. C. Lane moved—"That some form of ticket should he provided for the recognition of children Mho arc too young for admission to full membership." Several speakers spake of the value of junior classes, and the importance of promoting their efficiency- Suggestions were made as to the best uieans of carrying on such classes, and allying their members more closely to the Church. Even tually the motion was withdrawn. The Rev. S. «, Moncrikff's motion affirming the desirability of appointing a committee to make arrangements for replacing the Mission-house at Pal luerston, which has become greatly dilapidated, was carried. The following is the committee:—Revs X. Bickford, S. Knight, R. M. Hunter, A. J. Bogle, W. Stewart, lion. J. Colton, Hon. J. Carr, Messrs. T. Hack, I). Nock, F. Chappie, and P. Koelsche. The Rev. J. Nicholson moved—" That this Con ference regrets that gambling by means of the totalizator is sanctioned bylaw, ami that the evils of gambling are liable to be increased tuereby, and records its protest against legalized gambling, and resolves to support any movement which may be initiated by the repeal of existing legal sanctions to the use of the totalizator." He did not think it was the business of tlifc Conference to deal with politics, except when a directly moral question was the hsue. Legalized gambling was a fit subject for pro test. The author of the Tota'izator Act admitted the reasons he had urged for its adoption had proved ill-founded, and it w as generally known that betting had greatly increased since the introduction of the totalizator. The Amending Bill passed last session, which restricted the use °f the machine to eight times a year oil any racecourse, was in danger of greatly increasing the evil, because the owners of the t-otalizator were seeking to create new racecourses in various parts of the colony. He did not think the supporters of the amending Bill contemplated extending the evil tliroughout'thc province, as was now threatened. Proposals had been made to some of the most respectable residents of Gawler to form a Racing Club, and the use of the totalizator was included in the programme. All the Protestant ministers in that town liad united in a respectful remonstrance. He believed the disposition to repeal the Act was widespread, and trusted that the members of the Conference would supoort the movement. Their Church laws expressly condemned raffling even for charitable purposes, and they were quite free to oppose all legalized gambling. A brief discussion followed, and the motion was carried. HOME MISSION FUND. The balance-sheet taken as read was adopted. The President and the Hon. J. Colton were up pointed Treasurers. The ltev. J. Haalaiu was ap pointed Secretary, and requested to make arrange ments for deputations to the Circuits to advocate the claims of the Fund. The Rev. W. Haxton pro posed the rescinding a clause in the regulations which requires all claimant Circuits to make weekly collections. lie said it was both unworkable and inequitable. Mr. Watt seconded, and remarked that t he people needed to be educated as to the duty and privilege of systematic weekly contribu tions A lively discussion ensued. An amendment was proposed by Mr. Nock relaxing the rule, hut not repealing it. Both amendment and motiun were lust. The regulations were reaffirmed. JUBILEE FUND. The Rev. S. Knight presented the balance-sheet, showing the present amount of that fund to be £1,146. The Rev. P. C. Thomas moved— "That a vote of a small amount be made to candidates for the ministry for the purchase of books." After some conversation the motion was withdrawn, it being urged that the fund must appropriated for the purpose of training candidates for the ministry. On the motion of the Rev. a. Knight it was resolved that the President bo authorized to send to England for two additional ministers. Mr. Knight stated that he was authorized to promise that the expenses of one such minister would be bomo by friends in the Kooringa Circuit. The report of the Prince Alfred College Com mittee was adopted, and the nominations as to lion. President, other officers, and committee were con firmed. Reports from the Church Building Committees were read. A conversation took place on the question of defining the functions of the Building Committees, it having been doubted as to wnether they could do more than advise as to plans and specifications. Permission to sell certain properties as agreed to by the District Meetings was granted. The Building Committees for the several districts were reap nrtinfjid and fha liennl raonlnfmne aa Ulntnth pointed, and the usual resolutions as to Church properties were reaffirmed. The Rev. J. B. Stenhen son was appointed Custodian of Deeds. Resolutions on Sabbath observance and Sunday travelling were adopted in the same terms as those : of lost year. The committee on temperance was reappointed, and the resolutions deploring the drinking customs of society repeated. The Com mittee of the Book Depot was reappointed, Messrs. i Theodore Hack and 1). Davidson to be Auditors, and the Rev. J. B. Stephenson Book Steward. The recommendation of the committee that the Editor ship of the Christian Weekly and Mctivo&tit; JottnuiJ should be a connexions! appointment was agreed to, and the Rev. H. T. Burgess appointed Editor. The Rev. J. B. Stephenson moved:—"That this Conference, having liad its attention called to the fact that a Social Purity Society has recently beeu formed in Adelaide, desires to record its sympathy with the objects of the Society, &ud; in view of the sad facts that from time to time are brought to light as to the terrible prevalence of vicious habits, espe cially among the young, cordially commends the Society to the support and co-operation of our Church, and of all wlio desire to see the morals of the people preserved and protected." The Hon. J. Colton seconded. Carried. The recommendation of the College Committee as to the appointment of a committee with power to secure a site for a ladies* college, was reported, and agreed to. The committee to consist of tue ministers of the Pirie-street, Archer-street, K6nt Town, Port Adelaide and Glenelg Circuits, with the Hon. J. Colton, Mr. J. Hill, Mr. D. Davidson, Mr. Shar land, Mr. \V. Rhodes, Mr. F. Chappie, Hon. G. W. Cotton, Mr. C. Priest, Mr. Theo llack, and Mr. E. H. Derrington. Several miscellaneous matters were disposed of, and the date of the next Conference fixed for the third Wednesday in January, 1 SSi. Cordial thanks were presented to the officials, the friends who. have entertained the members of the Conference, 1 and to the President. The lay representatives then withdrew. The Ministerial Conference pro ceeded with the third reading of stations, and at <5 o'clock adjourned till next morning. Tuesday, January 30. •Several miscellaneous topics of no special public interest were disposed of. The Rev. J. Y. Simpson was appointed Secretary and Convener of the Pro bationers' Examination Committee in place of the Rev. G. W. Patchell. The President reported the receipt of a letter from the Secretary of the Bible in State Schools Society, expressing the sympathy of that Society with the Conference in the loss sus tained by the death of Mr. Patchell. The considera tion of the appointments for next year was resumed and concluded at about 5 o'clock. The election of Chairmen ot Districts was then proceeded with, the minutes were read and signed, and the Con ference closed in the usual way. The following are the appointments for next year 1\. Southern District.—Adelaide (Piric-sreet), J. Bunting Stephenson, D. O'Domiell (Draper Memo rial), J. R. Bradbury (Thobavton); Editor Christian Weekly and Methodist Joimuxlt Henry T. Burgess; Book Steward, J. Bunting Stephenson; Adelaide (Archer-street), Robert S. Casely, Jatncs Allen (Broinptor.), J. H. Hadlcy (i-rospect): Ade laide (Kent Town and Norwood), llonry T. Bur gess, J. Young Simpson (Norwoou),T. E. Thomas, M. A. (Paynebam), ono from England (Magill), T. Boston (Supernumerary) Secretary Foreign Missions (Kent Town). Prince Alfred College, James Bickford (President of the Conference) Hon. President. Unley, Robert Kelly, George Berry; Glenelg, Thomas Lloyd; Port Adelaide, James Bickford (President of the Conference), Samuel F. Prior (Semaphore); Gumcracha, Thomas Edmeades; Wilhmpa, Charles H.Goldsmith; Clarendon, Albert Stubbs; Crafers, one from England; M unt Barker, Paul C. Thomas, one to be sent; Strathalbyn, one from England; Yankalilla, John Watts; Mount Gambier, Archibald J. Bogle; Nurracoortc, H. Hcnwood Teagnc; Millicent, Jolin Blacket; Kingston, T. B. Angwin, M.A.; Goolwa, David S. Wylie; Kangaroo Island, Home Missionary; Pal merston, William Stewart ; Jauies Bickford (Presi dent of the Conference), Chairman of the District. 2\. Middle District.—Gawler, Joseph Nicholson;' Kapunda, James Haslam; Angaston, Walter H. llanton; Tempters and Stockport, John N. Mills: Kooringa, Samuel Knight. J. C. Hill; Clare, Charles Lane; Auburn, George E. Rowc; Itivcrton, W. Benson Mather; Hanson, Iiome Missionary; Samuel Knight, Chairman of the District. 3\. Northem District.-Melrose, Sduiuel S. Moncrieff; Wilmington, George Hall ;Blinina»,.Samuel Kossiter; Port Pirie, William T. Carter; Crystal Brook and Redhill, B. Gilbart Edwards; Koolunga, Isaiah Perry; Jamestown, Robert W. Cam})bell; Lauin, Thomas M. Howe ; Yarcowie, William H. Role; Port Augusta, William Reed; Quorn, John Nairn (who shall change once in each quarter with the minister of the Pert Augusta Circuit); Oladdie aiidWulloway (Jolmslmrg), Home Missionary (who shall change once in each quarter with (he minister of the Melrose Circuit) ; Guuibowie (Petersburg), Joshua P. Chapman (who shall change once in each quarter with the minister of the Jamestown Cir cuit); Wonoka (Hawker), J. Blight; Robert W. Campbell, Chairman of the District. 4\. Yorke's Peninsula District.—Moonta, R. Morris Hunter (Secretary of the Conference), W. (». Clarke (Moonta Mines); Kadina and Wallaroo, Charles T. Newman; Port Waketield, John Gilling hum; Yorketown, John II. Trevorrow; Miulaton, James Read; Maitland, William A. Lsingsford ; Cunningham (Ardrossm), W. A. Dainger; Port Lincoln. John I). Langsford; Kllistou, John II. Goss; Charles T. Newman, Chairman of the Dis trict. Western Australia District.—Perth, T. Clarke Laurmiee, James W. Mouland, V. Roberts (Fre mantle), Home Missionary (Guildford); York, Wil liam l.owe, one from England; Ueraldton, Moses BuIIqs, one from England (Greenough); Albany, Thomas Bird; William Lowe, Chairman of the District. 