The Australian Blacks. A LECTURE on "The Religion of the Aborigines of Australia, as pre- served in their Legends and Cere- monies"; by the Rev. Peter McPherson, A.M., Sydney. De- livered in the Mechanics' Institute, Singleton, January, 1883. (Continued from last issue.) He admits indeed that the scientific result made simply no difference to the aborigines, who believed as much in the bunyip as ever. Their terror of the deadly grip of the monster which haunted lagoons, rivers, and swamps was in no way removed. But to the careful inquirer into the ultimate facts of the matter, what was the real value and significance of the discovery of an abnormal skull about which a black- fellow restored to make an assertion ? A very brief period of reflection will convince the inquirer, that this unfor- tunate skull could have had nothing whatever to do with the origin of legends which had spread across the whole of Australia long before the birth of the creature which possessed the abnormal skull. In these circumstances it is perhaps not very wonderful bunyip literature continued to advance. If the monster could not be produced, dead or alive, it was at least some satisfaction to know that the outline of the creature had been drawn as it lay dead on the turf. It had been haunting some waterholes near a place called Challicum, in Victoria, in the western portion of that colony, and had been killed. A visitor to the locality gives an account of his trait, and supplies a wood-cut outline of the creature. From the scale attached to the sketch, the curious monster, so difficult to get into any one's hands, must have been upwards of thirty feet in length. It should be mentioned that the artist who cut the form of the supposed bunyip as it lay dead, was fortunately, or unfortunately—a black- fellow. What is to be made of such an incident ? There was the figure cut out on the sod where he cut it out. The size at once banishes all idea of a bird from the region of possibility. The very short appendages are possibly in- tended to set forth fins which would lead us to some marine animal such as the whale. The scene of the sketch was only about 50 or 60 miles from the sea shore on which whales are stranded from time to time. A dead cetacean on the sea beach is the occasion of rejoicing far and wide, and tribes collect from great distances to feast upon the monster. Some astute aboriginal, after spending a fortnight in festivity upon the dainties afforded by the putrifying whale has returned to his own country and re- vived savoury memories of past enjoy- ment by reproducing at least the shape of the creature whose flesh and blubber supplied the feast. As to the bunyip being heard at times roaring and bellow- ing in the rivers this part of the des- cription is palpably supplied by the com- paratively harmless seals which find their way up the rivers and into water- holes many miles from the sea coast. The seal, however, cannot for a moment pass muster as the bunyip, the terrible destructiveness of the latter putting a wide gulf between it and the seal. Now let us glance at the recorded doings of such a creature as is suggested by the bunyip literature. This, of course, is the alligator of the more northerly latitudes of Australia. Captain Stokes gives an exciting and graphic account of a race for life which he had with an alligator. The water was fast rising between him and the land in a channel in which he found the saurian survey- ing the situation of affairs with great equanimity. The monster waited quite quietly, as if perfectly conscious of his advantageous position. The captain must cross the channel, as the rising tide would soon cover the ground on which he was standing. The captain started it at full speed along the channel. The alligator also immediately sped his way to the channel to intercept his intended victim so soon as he should attempt to cross. The captain saved his life by a very few seconds. He dashed across the channel, and had barely time to drag himself up the bank when looking around there was the monster with ex- panded but disappointed jaws gaping after him. Much more recently C. H. Eden describes a painful incident. He and an attendant were in a boat-crossing a river when the boat swamped. Eden struck out for the bank to which the boat had been in progress, where his wife and ? were encamped at a fire. His at- tendant, however, tried to reach the bank which they had left. In a moment Eden heard a shriek and a splash which were followed by a sudden silence. The sudden incident made him start half out of the water. He escaped safely to land, but his attendant had been taken down by an alligator. E. B. Kennedy mentions that the settlers in Queensland are constantly taking valuable dogs, and this he attri- butes to the alligators lurking about the lagoons and swamps. James Merrill or Murrells, who was seventeen years among the aborigines of Northern Queensland, declares that he had seen "dozens" of the natives dragged under the water and destroyed. From time to time the illustrated papers of the colonies depict scenes in which alligators are the destroying agents. A tribe of blacks encamp on the bank of a river or near a water-hole. One of the children goes into the water to bathe. Suddenly the whole tribe are startled by a scream of terror and pain. Frantic with excitement, and yet quite power- less to help, they are just in time to see the poor child dragged beneath the waters to be suffocated and then de- voured. Now if the ferocity and the viciousness of eagles and sparrow hawks have given rise to such legends as are current regarding demons and evil spirits, it would be quite extraordinary if the deadly alligator did not give rise to a class of legends taking hue and character from himself. Such scenes as those noticed above would never be for- gotten by those who saw them. They might travel far south of the limit to which the saurians extend their migra- tions, but they would carry with them terrible memories of the destructive monsters of the north. Those who had never seen an alligator would listen with eager attention to the tales which would be brought by those who had seen them, and had seen some of these sable friends dragged under the water by them. Here would be a never-fail- ing source of interest and excitement to the groups gathered around the camp- fire after the day's adventures in hunt- ing. As the bunyip legends occupy so large a place in the folk-lore of the Austra- lian Aborigines, it may be allowable to illustrate them a little more fully. Even on the supposition that the alligator is the real source of these legends, one can easily understand that when we get beyond the latitude of this saurian, new peculiarities will be ascribed to him which do not really belong to him. Then we need not wonder that in regions in which bunyip legends are found, but where there are no alligators, the seal is sometimes made to act as the model for the bunyip. Hence accounts of roaring and bellowing already noticed. Still it is plain that the harmless seal can never be the originators of the legends of the deadly alligator. As regards the ex- travagances which have sometimes been incorporated with the bunyip stories, it is curious that precisely the same ting happened in Europe with regard to crocodiles. We also have legends according to which monsters are introduced into the British Isles, which never existed there, at least during the Christian era. Those who have read the book "Hunter" by John Hill Burton, will remember the story of Columba ordering one of his band to cross the river Ness for a boat. Lurk- ing in a deep pool is an aquatic monster. It makes its appearance on the surface, and with distended jaws, it is just about the devour the swimmer. The saint, however, orders the monster off and he must go. As Burton points out, this monster, by the description, is plainly a crocodile. But there were no crocodiles lurking in the Ness in the days of Columba. Another story of similar character is noticed by the same author. A girl is washing an article of dress on the banks of a lake. An aquatic monster comes and swallows her up bodily. St. Colman learns the state of affairs and extracts the girl alive from the inside of the monster. Again here from the description, the monster could only have been a crocodile. If, then, even in Europe, such legends could pre- vail so far from the latitude of actual crocodiles, we need not wonder that legends of the alligators of Queensland or the North of Australia generally should be found in parts of the country far removed from the region in which alligators now live. If mistakes in geography and zoology were made by historians in Europe, it is not very wonderful that such mistakes were made by savages in Australia. But can we push over inquiry beyond the point indicated above ? There are bunyip legends of a deadly monster, and these legends extend over most of Australia. Moreover, there is the deadly alligator actually inhabiting the northern part of the country over which these legends spread. Moreover it was long ago suggested to Professor Owen of London, that probably the Saurians of the north gave rise to the stories found in the more southerly regions of distinctive monsters inhabiting rivers, lagoons and swamps. Can we now go a step further, and make anything out of the name Bunyip ? At Mackay in Queensland, one name for the alligator is Munni Munni. Now in dealing with the laws which regulate letters, we find that the nasal m has a special affinity for the labial b. Where the one is the other very easily slides in. Also when the more solid labial gets hold, the nasal often dis- appears. Thus we would get Munni— Mbunni, Bunni. According to philo- logical principles, what is now given is one of the commonest developments of phonetic change. Furthermore, in Western Australia we find a fabulous monster called Buneyar, which we may reasonably take as one of the Munni Bunni race. In Victoria we have the Bunyeep, and in N.S. Wales the well- know Bunyip. That the Munni of Queensland is the Bunni of the other colonies is supported by the twofold proof of meaning and shape of word. The terminations yip and ar or yar seem variable, while the Munni or Bunni remains. Perhaps also in accordance with the fact that Munni-Munni means an alligator in Queensland, is the fact that Munnee means a lizard in Victoria. The Munni- Munni, with his name repeated, is the big, the monster lizard, the saurian. In the matter before us, it is worthy of remark that amid diversity of detail, there are certain points which seem fixed. On all hands there is the deadly character of the bunyip. In the Boy legends his very name has become a synonym for death. Once in his power, escape seems hopeless. This throws seals and dugongs out of competition. Again, the deadly monster lurks in swamps, lagoons, and rivers. This throws sharks out of competition. The coverging lines from all quarters, in- cluding especially the name, bring us steadily to one point, namely, the con- clusion that the alligator of Queensland is the more immediate origin of the bunyip legends of Australia. Of course we must not forget that we may have to go a step beyond eagles and alligators for a still more deadly enemy than both of these put together. But we are not yet done with the alligator. As far back as 1845 an aboriginal, a native of Cook's River dis- trict, gave evidence before a select com- mittee in Sydney. In this evidence it transpires that what is known as the devil amongst us, had his exact equi- valent among the aborigines. This evil being was called Boy. The words of Mahroot, the Cook's River aboriginal, are very explicit ; he says "Boy just the same as you call Devil." Now in the old vocabularies of Tench and Hunter of last century, we find the words Boee, and Boye meaning dead, also death, and ghost. The association of ideas here is plain enough. But can we make anything out of the name Boy ? If we ran up the name bunyip to the present name Munni-Munni for alligator in Queensland, can we accomplish any similar process with this name Boy for Devil ? When we go to the Malay Archipelago we find the forms Buwaya, Buaya, Boya and Baya as Malay words, and especially Javanese words for the alligator. Moreover the root can be traced as far as Madagascar, where it appears in the forms Voaya and Vui for alligator. And, lastly, on the Gold Coast of Africa, we find the form Baiya, which means the Devil. It would no doubt be interesting to discover whether any similar forms of word for alligator actually still exist in the northern region of Australia. But in any case the fore- going materials adduced are sufficient to give some colour to the conclusion that Boy and Bunyip refer to the alligator, and that the saurian refer to the alligator, a very apt groundwork for aboriginal allusions to a destructive, powerful, and living being, who is the natural enemy of the human race. In view of both the bunyip and the mullion legends it is proper to notice again how amid various extravagances, certain points tenaciously maintain their ground. Thus as already, stated, the bunyip is associated with swamps, lagoons and rivers. With re- gard to the legends of the mullion class, we come prominently into view of the fact that demons are both male and female, and that of the two the female is the more ferocious. This fits perfectly to the fact that among eagles the ferocity of the female is naturally developed in the protection of her young. But we do not find any difference between the male or female bunyip. The one seems to be just as bad as the other, and both to be as bad as description can make them. PIAME. Perhaps the material already pro- duced will suffice to establish the fact that the aborigines have a strong belief in evil beings. Had they a belief in a good, a benevolent being ? Here we are met with conflicting testimony. Some inquirers have expressed the fullest belief that the aborigines acknow- ledged a supreme being of a good character. Others again have declared that after years of intimacy with the blacks, they never could discover that they believed in a God of goodness, however much they believed in evil spirits and demons. With regard to this question it must be acknowledged that the associations of the aborigines with the white man, and especially with the Missionaries, invest the enquiry with extreme difficulty. If questions are put to the blacks about a benevolent duty, and if a favourable response is obtained, it is simply impossible to avoid the suspicion that the answer, or even the belief at the time, has been more or less shaped, if not altogether pro- duced, by what had been previously learned from the white man. A pious settler in the far interior, reading a chapter of scripture in the hearing of one of his domesticated aboriginals, might easily be the occasion of exciting ideas which would operate in the brain of the black man all the remaining days of his life. In such circumstances can we work upon materials which are free from the drawback indicated above ? Have any European travellers recorded ceremonies which they saw performed, in which we can detect any indication of the acknowledgment of a benevolent deity ? In answer to this question we turn to the work of John Henderson, published in Calcutta in 1832. He saw important ceremonies performed by the Wellington blacks on the banks of the MacQuarie. Now amongst these ceremonies were certain dramatic per- formances. One which occupied a con- spicuous place was the destruction of the evil spirit. Now we are at once interested to find that the evil spirit is emblematically set forth by the eagle-hawk. Who then destroys the evil spirit ? We find it is a personage called Piame. Who then is Piame ? We find that he is the father of the black race ; that he once dwelt among men ; that he set up the system of re- ligious mysteries which obtains amongst the natives, and that he is to return again. Now may we not submit that this goes far to establish aboriginal belief in a deity of a wholly different stamp from such as may be grouped under the Mullion and Bunyip classes ? The very fact of the conflict with the cage-hawk, the representative of evil almost carries with it the conclusion that the dramatic representation which was celebrated in the forests of the Wellington district, was designed directly to set forth the struggle between the good spirit and the evil spirit. Now here we are independent of such answers as we might get by asking whether or not an aboriginal believed in a benevolent deity. We find the very fact of such a belief im- bedded in the very ceremonies which he and his forefathers have been celebrating during past ages. It may be added that the subsequent investigators of Ridley and others have tended to confirm this conclusion. Having reached Piame, the repre- sentative spirit of good, can we make anything out of the name ? Amongst the various forms in which the name is sometimes presented to us we get Baiamai, Baiame, Byamy and others. The meaning attached to these forms are Maker, God, Creator. Now the roots ba and ma which, philologically are very closely associated, are very common in the Australian dialects for father. Also the doubling of the root is very common as baba, mama, or modifications of these. Henderson also distinctly re- cords that Piame was regarded as the Father of the black people. We may notice indeed that the eminent scholar Man Müller has had his atten- tion drawn to the name Baiamai as the name for Creator amongst the Australian Aborigines. He points out the necessity of making some discount on the score of danger from theological bias, but also adds that there is an agreement between such a name and the root bhai which means to make, the cut out. But there is not the slightest necessity for any ultimate antagonism between the two ideas. More immediately, an extensive induction seems to favour the idea that Baiamai is the great Father in aboriginal theology. We recognize at once that the form pi or pa, with its more immedi- ate phonetic equivalents ba and fa and ma is one of those wide-spread roots which appears to be co-extensive with the human family. This root applies to all languages. Wholly excluding those languages which recently were called Indo-Europeans, Sir John Subboch has collected lists of many scores of tribes and people in all the great divisions of the world, including Australia, in which the forms ba and ma, with manifold modifications and combinations, meant father and mother. It is indeed very worthy of notice that the form ma often means father. The same happens in the Australian dialects. Philologically this occasions no difficulty owing to the relationship of the letters m and b. In any case it is interesting to notice that the good, the benevolent deity, even among the poor wandering prodigals the aborigines of Australia is that deity whose name embodies twice over the root which means Father. But what have we reached in the religious beliefs of the aborigines ? Dramatic celebrations to set forth the conflict between the good spirit and the evil spirit. Here is a most important theological belief embodied in the abo- riginal ceremonies. Whence came it ? Did some sagacious blackfellow, of philosophic tendencies, first elaborate the idea of conflict between powers of evil and of good, and there did he set about constructing a system of cere- monies in which this important dogma should be both embodied and taught? It is certainly more easy to suppose that the ceremonies and emblematic per- formances which Henderson saw in the forests of the Wellington district are the remnant of ceremonies which were brought over from Asia, than to suppose that they were invented and established on Australian soil. THE MYSTIC TRIAD. Have we say indicates of any other benevolent duty besides Piame ? In the case of the Mullion demons, and the Bunyip devils, we have at least two classes of evil beings. Is there any evi- dence of a plurality of benevolent beings ? In Victoria we hear of Kurukurook as a deity of whom the blacks speak with veneration. The mythological tradition in connection with this deity, otherwise called Karanorak, is described as the sublimest of all traditions which the blacks possess. It is in fact a fire-legend, and Karabarok, as well as Waung ap- pear as the friends of humanity by ob- taining fire for poor shivering mortals, to enable them to warm themselves in the cold weather, as well as to cook their food. There are sundry other indi- cations of benevolent deities, but the foregoing will suffice for the purpose of this paper. We shall have to take up Karakorok more minutely hereafter. Having got thus far we pause for a moment to survey the situation and determine our next line of inquiry. We have clear evidence of both benevolent and malignant beings. We have seen that of the benevolent beings, Piame is the one whose name seems to indicate the idea of Father. Can we find any trace, in all the materials to hand, in the Australian mythology, of that trinity which was so extensively known in the ancient world ? We have the Hin- doo trinity, the Egyptian trinity, and the Assyrian trinity, besides others. We need not doubt for a moment that elements of divine truth were preserved, although, in an idolatrous manner, in the foregoing cases. In the Assyrian trinity, rendered familiar by the sculptures brought from the East by Layard, we have the first person repre- sented by a venerable old man. The third person is represented by the wing and tail feathers of a dove. This appears very extraordinary, but we must bear in mind how much of the light of divine truth floated about for centuries amongst the people who lived after the deluge without any record of it having been preserved. Moreover, we have to recall the suggestiveness of an expression used in the beginning of Genesis. It said the spirit of God moved upon the face of the waters. Now the ex- pression admits of more specific descrip- tion than is denoted by the word moved. It is—hovered, fluttered, as a dove flutters. But what of the second person of the trinity ? In the Assyrian sculptures He is represented by a circle. Of course the three are all so fitted to- gether as to give the idea of trinity in unity. But whence the circle to re- present the second person of the trinity? This embodies a reference to the primal promise made in Eden to our first parents—the seed of the woman shall bruise the serpent's head. But how is this made out ? The word Zero has come to us from the East, and and it is employed by us to denote a cypher or circle. Now Zera, a word closely resembling it, is the one used in the Skemitic languages to signify seed. In the Chaldean mysteries a system of equivogues was constructed by using words, which had two meanings, one to the initated, a mystic meaning, and quote another and a common meaning to the general mass of mankind. Words, whether identical in form, or closely resembling each other, were con- venient for this purpose. Thus the circle to the uninitiated it was a mere zero, but to the initiated, was Zera the promised seed, the Messiah, the second person of our Christian trinity. In the religious systems of the old world the circle in fact has a double reference. It was the symbol of the sun among the fire- worshippers, and curiously enough, here also it puts into such a biblical reference to the Messiah as that which calls Him the son of righteousness In the old pagan world, then, we find, as on the Assyrian Sculptures, that an idolatrous record of a knowledge of the trinity was made centuries before the christian era. These Sculptures exist as evidence to this day. The Egyptian records afford abundant evidence of the idea of trinity in connection with deity. Triadic arrangements of the Gods are common. Also associated with the triadic nature of deity there arose triadic arrangements designed to set forth the action of deity whether on matter or spirit. Now we find an Australian triad, as preserved by Threlkeld which takes its place most naturally in the list of those collected from various sources by Sir Gardiner Wilkinson. Here are four triads :— 1\. Will, light, life, 2\. Fire, water, air, 3\. The egg, fire, water, 4\. Ulomus, chusorus, the egg. Of these triads one is Phœnician, two are Greek, and the remaining one is Australian. It must be confessed that they have a very great family likeness. The one word which sets forth the Australian triad is Yarro. It means an egg, but mystically fire or water to the uninitiated. Moreover there is the mystic egg which also occurs elsewhere in Australian mythology. In the old world the mystic egg was the well known symbol of the ark in which Noah and his family were preserved. This gives us the connection between the mystic egg (oele) and the water (deluge.) Still further in the religious scheme of the old world, as water had become the symbol of purifying and also of destruc- tion (as at the deluge), so fire came to occupy a similar place. It was both the purifier and the destroyer, but the mytic egg, with its reference to the deluge, is a subject of itself, and we come upon it here only incidentally. We return to our four triads :— 1\. Triad of Orpheus. 2\. Triad of Pherecydes at Syros. 3\. Triad of the Australians. 4\. Triad of the Phœnecians. I do sincerely plead on behalf of the Australian triad that it appears to be quite as respectable as its Greek and Phœnecian brethren, and that as a historical or spiritual, or metaphysical, or transcendental setting forth of any- thing, it is quite as philosophical and satisfactory as its neighbours, it would do no discredit to the list of triads in Sir Gardiner Wilkinson. It will be noticed that at two points out of three it actually agrees with the triad of so aristocratic an authority as Pherecydes of Syros, the master of the illustrious Pythagoras. At the third point the Australian Triad has the honour of agreeing with the Phœnecian triad. Now is this association of ideas in the Australian triad, bearing so striking a family resemblance to the others adduced, the result of mere coincidence ? At the least, will any one confidently deny the possibility that we have in this mystic scrap, fortunately preserved by Threlkeld, a far- travelled remnant of speculations which occupied the intel- lects of Greeks and Phœnecians more than a thousand years before the Chris- tian era, and of the Ehyptians at a much more remote period ? Water has been struck in an artesian well on a station near Wilcannia. The supply first obtained was at the rate of 200 gallons an hour, but a more abund- ant supply was expected to be found at greater depth. Water had previously to be carted a distance of 20 miles. Mrs. Thomas Payne is recorded as being the youngest bride in the United States, not having yet reached her teens though tending towards them slowly. She is eleven and a half years old, and her husband is a South Carolina The Privacy of a Public House. IN a case heard yesterday before the Licensing Bench, at the Central Police Court, the following evidence was given illustrating the power which under a section of the Licensing Act is placed in the hands of the police. A licensee of a public-house was summoned before the Court on a charge of having un- reasonably delayed to give admittance when called upon to do so to a sergeant of police and a policeman, who suspected that drink was being sold within the hotel. The defendant said that he had given admittance to the police as soon after hearing the demand as he possibly could. He then made the following statement :—"My wife had been con- fined of a child on the Friday before this Sunday. The sergeant, on enter- ing the house, demanded admittance to her bedroom. I told him that she was confined to her bed, and after having told him so he still demanded admittance. I swear it. He went inside and looked behind the door into the bedroom, and the other constable stood alongside him. When I returned to my wife she was crying." The statement of the sergeant was as follows :—At the first door I went to in company with the defendant, he said 'My wife is sick in bed in that room.' I said to him, 'that is rather awkward ; how do I know but that is the room in which the men are ? You call out to your wife, and if she answers I will be satisfied.' The defendant opened the door, and his wife called out." Sub- Inspector M'Kay asked the sergeant if he positively swore that he never entered the room. The sergeant re- plied, "I said, 'If you satisfy me that a female is in that room, I won't go in.' The defendant opened the door a few inches, and the woman cried out, 'Don't open that door,' and I never went into the room." The constable who accompanied the sergeant gave the following evidence :—"When we got to the room, he (the defendant) said 'this is my wife's room,' and he opened the door. 'Never mind,' the sergeant said, we do not want to go in there ; you will satisfy me that this is your wife's bedroom ; and the defendant opened the door and had a look. The sergeant had a look. We both stood in the front of the door, and we looked while we were standing there. His wife said, "Don't come in here ; and the sergeant said 'All right, we won't go in."—Thursday's Echo. 