fllMscellaneous. Richard Wa truer. Some flashes of Richard Wagner's quaint dry humor are perceptible in one of his own sketches of his boyish fancies, tastes, and ambitions. ' When I was nine years old,' he writes, ' nothing pleased mo so well as ' Freischuetz.' I often saw Weber pass our house as ho came from rehearsal; I ever contemplated him with saored awe. My tutor, whose regular function it was to explain Cornelius Nepos to me, was obliged at last to consent to givo me pianoforte lessons. As soori as I had mastered a few finger exercises, I set to work secretly — and at first without tho notes— to learn the ' Freischuetz 1 over ture. Ono day my tutor happened to hear me practising, and observed that ' I should never do any good.' Ho was quite right ; all my life long I have never been able to learn to play the piano. However, I went on play ing for my own sole pleasure — nothing but overtures, and. with vilest fingering imaginable. . . . , My musical occu ?vJi - ;-- 'N .j, pations were, of- course, Hccondary matters; tho ohief ones wore Greek, Latin, Mythology, and Anoient History. I wroto poems, too. Onco a schoolfellow died, and wo boys wero instructed by our master to write, caoh of us, a sot of verses upon tho death ; tho best of all, ho said, Bhould be printed. Mino it was thai; obtained tho honors of typo, but not until I had pruned it ot many excrescences. At that timo I was elovon years old. Nothing would do, naturally, but I must becomo a poot. I therefore sketched out an onormous tragedy, made up of about equal parts of ' Hamlet ' and ' King Lear.' The plot was roaliy most tremendous. Forty-two human beings per ished in tho courso of tho pieoo, and I found mysolf compolled, in order to ronder a per formance fcasiblo, to bring most of my characters ' on ' again as ghosts, as otherwise I should have been short of dramatis persona: for my last two acts. I was busy with this play for two wholo years. At sohool (Leipzig) I becamo idle and knavish. Tho only thing I eared for was my great tragedy. Bethoven's music to ' Egmont ' stirred mo so powerfully just thon that I resolved not to bring out my play upon any aooount until it should be sot to music of a similar charaoter. I had per fect confidence in my own capacity to writo tho requisite music, but thought it might per haps bo as well, boforo beginning to composo it, to enlighten mysolf with rcspeet to a fow elementary laws of thorough- bass. To this end I borrowed Logior's ' Method ' for a week, and studied it eagerly, but not with such fruitful results as I had anticipated. Tho difficulties of counterpoint at onco irritated and fascinated inn : I resolved to becomo a musician. Meanwliilo my huge tragedy had been discovered by my family, and had pro foundly saddened thom by conclusively prov ing that I must havo thoroughly neglected my schoolwork on its account. Under these circumstances I held my tongue about my now vocation as a musician : but nono tho less did I furtively compose a sonata, a quar tette, _and an aria. As soon as I felt mysolf sufficiently matured by my self-imposed musi cal studies, I made full confession to my people, with whom I had hard battlos to fight ; for they very naturally regarded my musical yeirning as a passing passion — all the more so as it certainly was not baced upon any real preparatory study, or even upon a certain amount of faculty in playing upon any instru ment ? Just thon tho July Revo lution broke out ; instantly I became a revo lutionist, and came to the conviction that a man possessed of a grain of enorgy cannot but be bound to occupy himself exclusively with politics. Forthwith I began an over turo on a political subject, quitted school, and entered the University — not to devote myself to tho study of a ' Faculty,' for I felt myself dedicated to a musical career, but to pick up philosophy and (esthetics. I took no advan tage whatsoever, however, of this opportunity to improve my education, but plunged into all manner of student excesses, with such fri volity and extravagance that I soon got sick of them. When I camo to my senses again, I felt the necessity of recommencing my musical studies at the very beginning, and sticking to them sternly. Providence per mitted me to light upon tho right man to in spire me with new love for the art, and ronder it intelligible to me by fundamental instruc tion. That man was Theodor Woinlig. Under him I studied counterpoint, and learned to know and deeply love Mozart.' Night Stun of Cuttle on the Brivc. General Brisbin, writing in tho Cincinnati Commercial Gazette, says : Last fall a large herd of big steers for market wero being driven across the country from Muscleshell to Billings, on the Northorn Pacific Eaiiroad, where they wore to be shipped on the ears to Chicago. There were about two thousand head, I should judge, the proporty of a Mr. Do Hass, a vory young man. Ono ovening a military camp had been made just ahead of the cattle, and on the same side of the oreek with them, up which the herd was being driven. A storm was coming up, and the cattlo exhibited some signs of uneasiness. Mr. De Hass sent word to the military officer that he had better got his men, waggons, and animals on the opposite side of tho creek and out of tho way, as he feared thero was going to be a 'night run.' The herders were instructed to keep their horses saddled and be ready to mount at a moment's notice. The cattle were very uneasy, getting up, lying down again, and shifting about as if uncom fortable. At last, about midnight, there came a sharp flash of lightning, followed by a heavy peal of thunder, and in an instant tho whole herd was upon thoir feet. ' Mount and whip out,' cried De Hass, and the herder, who was at the head of the column, drove off a few of tho leading steers in the direction thoy wero to go. All the others followed, and tho herd was soon in full flight. The borders made no effort to cheek or control them further than to keej) them going straight ; they rode at the head of the column, ono on each sido of them swung to the right or left, and keeping the trail ; bluffs and precipices were avoided, and the open flat ground courted. The run lasted about two hours, when a gorge was being neared, in which tho cattle would crowd and break thoir limbs. They were now quite tired, and the herders determined to exert their authority and stop the run. The head of the column was bent out on the prairie, and circled round and round until tho cattle became tied up in a huge ball and could not move at all. In this way they wero obliged to stand until morning, the herders riding round and round them, and keeping them completely tied up. At day light they were allowed to ' open out.' First, the outer edge scattered, then layer after layer, until the huge pile of beef was onco more a herd grazing as quietly as if nothing had happened. Dramatic writers will scarcely feel very much encouraged to road that Mr. John Madison Morton, author of the most success ful farces of his day — ' Box and Cox ' among others, which must have been played thou sands of times — is now, at seventy-two years of age, a 'poor brother of the Charter House.' A pew weeks ago two men, driving in a gig, ran over two of the North Pytchloy hounds. Lord Lonsdale spoke to them about their carelessness, when they asked him if he wanted to light. One of them then got out of the cart, upon which Lord Lonsdale immedi ately dismounted, and on the man springing up to him, he knooked him down. The other man then got out of the eart to assist his fallen brother, but Lord Lonsdale immediately knooked him down also ; and on the men again rising, they were again put hors de combat. His lordship then asked them if they wanted any more, and neither of them coming up, ho rodo away to cover. The sum of five thousand dollars — which might profitably be multiplied ten times — has been offered by Monsieur Paul to the Frenoh Academy of Medicine, to found a prize for the discovery of a cure for diphtheria, the compe tition to bo open to the world, and not con fined to the medical circle. Tiie French do not seem to be troubled with sentimental prejudices of vivisection. In Paris tho other day a professor of natural history announced that ho intended to make some ex poriments on quivering flesh. For this pur pose he procured a rabbit, skinned.it alive, nailed it on a board by the paws, and pro ceeded to out holes in the wretched animal by way of illustrating his theories. This sicken ing exliabition took place beforo a olass of young girls. A good story is told of Lamartino, in the revolution of 1848. At the Hotel do Villo, Lamartine received the announcement that a deputation of Vesuviennes demanded an inter view. These women strongly resembled tho famous poissardes of tho first revolution. The doors of his cabinet wero thrown open, and tho apartment was presently filled by these fierce looking dames, whose disheveled locks and un couth garb presented anything but an at tractive spectacle. Monsieur de Lamartino bowed, and begged to know whether he could bo of any service to Jiis visitors, ' Citizen,' replied tho foromost among thom, standing with arms akimbo in front of hor comrades, ' tho Vosuvionnos havo resolved to send you a deputation to express thoir admiration of your conduct. Thoro are fifty ot us, and, in tho name of all tho Vosuvionnos, wo, fifty in num ber, havo como to kiss you.' Tho pout gavo ono glance at tho forest of unkempt hair and tho rubiound oheoks of tho unwashed Venuses, and thus replied : ' Citoyonnes, I thank you for tho scntimonts you inspire mo with ; but allow me to remark that patriots of your stamp are moro than womon — thoy aro mon. Men do not embrace each othor. Wo shako hands.' And tlioy did, till ho was almost sorry ho had not mado it kisses after all. A most rcmarkablo elcctrical phenomenon, says tho Chicago Times, manifested itself on tho line of tho Union Pacific Railway recently, between North Platto and Sidnoy, Neb. Tho iufluonco, however, was folt perceptibly beyond thoso points. Tho rails woro surcharged with a ourront of electricity, moving from wost to east, to so high a degree that liand-cars stand ing on the track wero impelled at a fair rato of speed by it. Ono hand- oar at Brule got away from tho Boction men. TnE Man who Swallowed a Si'oon. — Tho waiter G6niscain, who swallowed tho spoon four months ogo in Paris, and on whom Dr. Felicot performed tho operation of gastrotomy, is dead. Tho operation, as stated at tho timo; was most successful. The spoon was takon out, ond tho opening in tho stomaoh stitched up again with silver wire. Ho was put on a rigorous diot of rum and soup, and was favor ably progressing toward what was confidently expected would provo a conipleto recovery. Unhappily, liowovor, somo threo weeks ago ho was seized with n violent craving for moro solid food, and, profiting by tho abseneo ot tho person who was placed in charge of him, ho managed to got hold af a loaf of bread and a largo piece of cheese, which he ato greedily. As was to be expected, inflammation speedily dcclarod itself, the suture camo undone, and wound rooponed. It was stitched up again ; but after a little timo peritonitis supervened, . and ho died on Sunday last at the hospital of St. Louis. — St. James ' Gazette. Trained horses havo shown in England that thoy are oapablo of jumping great dis tances. Chandler cleared thirty-nine feet over a break at Warwick ; Calvcrthorpe thirty-three feet over hurdles at Newport Pagnell; King ot tho Valley, tliivty-fivo feet ovor tho Wissodine Brook, Leicestershire ; Lottery, thirty-four feet at Liverpool ; Peter Simple, thirty-seven feet at Boston. An Amstordam, N. Y-, merchant received several crates of croekory direct from Eng land. On opening tho orates a largo rat sprang out and was caught and killed by a dog that was at hand. Another rat was found insido tho orate, but it was dead. Tho rats had stored a number of English walnuts in tho crate for provisions. Tho rodents had oomo all tho way from ' Morrio England,' and had been twenty-four days in the transit. Healthful Exercise. Walking, of itself, says Dr. Sargent of Har vard College, is of no value as an exorcise, but a spirited walk is ono of the finest of all exorcises. If a man enters heartily into this exercise he will bo benifitted by it. Horse back riding is an excellent exercise for circu lation, as very little of the nervous energy is expended, For a person who uses tho mind excessively, however, this form of exercise is not good, as it produces nervousness. Swim ming is, without exception, one of the finest of ail physical exercises. It devolopcs especi ally the lower portion of the chest, the legs and arms. Running, at a regular and fixed paeo ; boxing, to teach one to keep the temper under adverse circumstances ; rowing and canoeing, to strengthen the upper part ot tho thorax and chest, are useful. The benefit to be derived from regular practieo in a gym nasium, by which the miijd and nervo-centros are so trained that they have a certain amount of control ovor the body, so that while tho muscles may givo out, this montal powor, whon once obtained by physical train ing, will never bo lost, is of tho greatest account. 