tfrom Cfjurcf) papers: English and Colonial. the abp. and the l. house oe convocation. On Friday morning, April 13, the President accompanied by twelve of his right rev. breth ren, came down to the Lower House. His Grace occupied the Prolocutor's chair, Lord Alwyne Compton sitting on his right hand. The Litany having been said by the Bishop of Lichfield, His Grace addressed the Lower House as follows: — 'It is another of the many kindnesses that I am receiving from you that has brought me here to-day ; for the invitation to come and see you face to face in your own house I thank you very much. I know you will not expect me to say much, for the fewest and the simplest words are best ; not because there are no great questions before us, or because I have anything to evade, but because we ought on such occasions as this to eonfine ourselves to great and broad principles. Among the benignities we have enjoyed, sub pientissimd ac clementissimd nostra Iiegind, for whom we have just prayed, there is none more remarkable than the revival of Oonvoca- tion. At the time it was viewed with jealous amusement; there was a jealousy of the pos- sible result of the concentration of the Church's power, with considerable amuse ment at the thought that that power could come to anything ; but what the promoters of the movement desired is coming to pass, and we have seen a great and sound moral in fluence of Convocation on the Church and the country. The work done has not been contemptible, and should Convocation cease to exist to-morrow the work left on record could not fail to be felt to be real, besides be ing, as it is, a great treasury of thoughts and hopes and plans of the present generation in the Church. The work of Convocation has hitherto been mainly directed to matters of Church organization and social influences. There are two or three Reports of Convoca tion which take the very lead in the great in quiry into the social planners and thoughts of the people ; and now we are called upon to enter on a still higher and more definite work, and to throw ourselves as a Convocation, and not as individuals only, into the more spiritual part of Church life. We cannot always confine ourselves to matters of organ ization and social influence. We must, I know, do our work in the most businesslike way, and never hesitate to adopt new means if they are more practical and mere business like. But my brethren of the Upper House have sent down to you a new work. The old committee on the Salvation Army is discharg ed, and in place of it is a jointcommittee,in wniciiyou will be asked to take the greater part, to consider all the spiritual wants of the peo ple and the evangelistic work now necessary to be done amongst them, from the lowest to the highest. I anticipate from that com mittee results which shall have a great bear ing on the spiritual life in England, even greater than that whieh has by the blessing of God been given to the work of Convoca tion hitherto in the minds and hearts of the people. The promise of God is to the Gos pel — the great power of God. The promise is not simply to good plans ; the special promise of Divine blessing is on the use of the Gospel. This is no thought of my own, for it is in all our hearts, and we are all look ing up with head and heart to God with a firm love and true hope of that which can come of it. We place it before ourselves and say, This is -the talisman we are told to work with in dealing with great social questions. . . Canning Church, Guildford. — ft The Bishop of Perth sent and com mended to the Society an appli cation, from the Rev. G. H. Sweeting, for a grant in aid of the erection of a church in the Canning district, Guild ford, West Australia. The church is to be of brick on stone foundation, with room for 80 people. It will cost about 350 Z. 200 Z. have been raised — 100Z. in the place itself — and Mr. Sweeting hopes for 50Z. more." — S.P.C.K. Monthly Paper. j. bishop sandford. On Friday Dr. Sandford, the in cumbent of St. John's, Edinburgh, was presented by his congregation with an antique silver vase and a cheque for 1200Z. as a parting gift on his acceptance of the Bishopric of Tasmania. "seamen's mission." The Mission to Seamen's gross in come last year was 21,003Z. 13s. Id. The Society has now been twenty- seven years m existence, and has been increasing its income and agency largely yearbyyear. Thenetincrease of income in 1882 over the previous year was 1579Z. 14s. 11 d. Still it only has twenty -three chaplains and forty- mine readers working afloat in forty- one seaports, supplied with mission- yachts and boats, and with churches and mission- rooms. dr. pusey. The Illustrated London News says that the will (dated the 19th of Nov. 1875) of the Rev. Edward Bouverie Pusey, D.D., Canon of Christ Church and Regius Professor of Hebiew, Ox ford, was proved on the 17th ult. by Mrs. Mary Amelia Brine, the daughter, the value of the personal estate ex ceeding 16,000Z. The testator wills that his two books on the theology of Germany should not be republished, nor any of his corrections of the English translation of the Hebrew Scriptures, or his Notes thereon ; ' seeing that in maturer years I saw. reason to withdraw many of the cor rections I made when young.' At the last monthly meeting of the Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge, the Secretary read a let ter from the Bishop of Moosonee (Hudson Bay territory), in which the following passage occurred : — ' Last year, in answer to a letter of mme; a gentleman wrote, offering me a cer tain sum, provided I would raise another sum to meet it. Would I try ? My reply was, that one who could build his own house, dig his own potatoes, print and bind his own books, form a nation's own literature, turn the pillars to support the communion rail of his church, play his own har monium, forge his own nails, make his own bread, brew his own beer, knit his own stockings, and paddle his own canoe, did not anticipate an insur mountable difficulty in collecting the sum mentioned. It was soon forth coming, and the gentleman was twice as good as his promise.' true notes of unity. The following very remarkable testimony to the reasonableness and expediency of chanting the Psalms was put forth by Wesleyans some years ago in Cornwall. It was accom panied by Psalms 67, 95,96, 100, 145, pointed for chanting. Each Psalm concluded with the G-loria Patre. ' The " Psalms and Hymns and Spiritual Songs " of Holy Scripture are God's own hymn book for the use of His Church. They are the gift of the Holy Ghost. They are given in order to be sung. To supersede this Divine Book by any human com position is a dishonour to that Holy Book. God has commanded their use both in Old and New Testaments (see 1 Chron, xvi. 9. Psalms lxxxi 2 ; xcv. 2 ; cv. 2. Eph. v. 19. Col. iii. 16. James v. 13.) ' It is the most acceptable seryice to Him, It is to offer to God His own words, the pure words written by the Holy Ghost Plimself, words that are free from all suspicion of human error or infirmity. Must it not be wise, and right, and best, to use the holiest words the world has in it, those which came from Him, and are most pleasing to Him, to bear up our praise to Him in His Temple ? ' It is conformity with the usage of the Church in all ages. The in troduction of metrical song did not take place till about a century before the Reformation. They were these high words of inspired piety which echoed of old in the glorious temple consecrated by the prayers of Solo mon, which rose from the early Chris tian bands, in which the noble army of martyrs sung their paeans of vic tory, and the glorious company of Apostles praised God. There is something really pleasing and impres sive in the thought of singing the very words of the Ancient Church — those songs that Kings, Prophets, and Apostles, were accustomed to breathe forth in praise to God. ' Above all, the Lord Jesus Himself has set us the example (see Matt, xxvi. 30). The Paschal hymn sung by the Saviour, comprised Ps. cxiii. to cxviii. His holy lips chanted the same words we use, and did so at the most solemn hour of His mysterious passion. ' And further, Bible singing is a homage to the Sacred Book, and is calculated to make the "Word of God better known, appreciated, and loved.' The following extracts from the account of the Annual Meeting of the Cornwall Congregational Association, show also, a great longing for improve ment in their forms of worship — a desire for greater unity, with an ac knowledgement of their own weak ness if standing alone. The Presi dent, Mr, W. Norton, is reported to have said : — ' Might not the worship in their churches he helped hy more variation in their services and the introduction of the liturgical element ? Was there not truth in these words ; ' A liturgy in which the prayers were varied by the singing of hymns and the chant ing of psalms, and not excluding free prayer with its adaptation to chang ing circumstances, is perhaps the best form of public worship ? but when a congregation is dependent on the vary ing moods of one man any joining in the worship is often difficult, aud sometimes impossible.' He also gives a true Note of Unity : ' He spoke as he did because their love for Christianity should far exceed their love for mere denominationalism. In such a case, by uniting with other Christians they would be teaching those who were willing to act in the true spirit of charity and to forget the little differences which are open to dispute : by their example they would be hastening the time — a time, let them hope, not very far off — when in the words of a thoughtful writer, " Christians will find out that their main business is to promote truth in all departments of human knowledge, and love in all the relations of human life, and that they have a concern also in all that beautifies and refines human existence, and that all the energy of their faith in God and in Christ is needed to sustain the progress of mankind." ' I may well conclude these extracts by an important utterance from the Rev. D. Hopkins' sermon : — ' Even the innumerable sects of the Protestant world feel the impulse to wards Unity to be irresistible. The Evangelical Alliance and the Young Men's Christian Association are in dications of the tendency ; but these are not all. The Protestant sects are the centrifugal forces of Christendom. So long as they .continue to split up and subdivide, their original force is not yet exhausted ; but when they be gin to recombine, they show that the original impulse is exhausted, and the centripetal power again begins to pre vail.' the reformed catholic communions abroad. Some English residents at Bern vainly attempted to gain an entrance into the Catholic Cathedral on Easter Sunday. It was crowded with men at the nine o'clock mass. The Old (or as they called themselves) Christian Catholics, being in the majority at Bern, occupy the Cathedral. The Katholick states that at Zurich the stately old Catholic Church was so crowded on Easter Day that two hundred people remained outside the door for two hours and a half, the duration of the service ; and 1400 per sons received the communion during the Octave, including ninety-two child ren who made their first communion. Professor Beyschlag's pamphlet on Old Catholicism has run through two editions in a few weeks. At first the Lutherans looked askance upon the new movement. Now Beyschlag in Germany, like Pressense in France, contends that nothing can overcome Vaticanism but a movement born in the bosom of the Roman Church her self. The reception of his pamphlet marks an era in the progress of the movement. the american church. No. I. If one were unwise -enough to be lieve some of tne comic journals, it might be thought that a bitter hatred existed between Old England and the great American nation. As a matter of fact, we have in our personal ex perience always found the very con trary. And we believe that every man who has had to do with the American clergy has always found the mrst affectionate feeling towards tie Mother Church. We go further, and say that we hold the cordiality be tween the two nations to have been largely strengthened by the love which has steadily grown between the two Churches. Some intercourse which we have had with the ' Protestant Episcopal Church of America ' has led us to study its history, and we propose in three or four papers to give some account of it. In the present we have to confine ourselves to its be ginnings only. And we shall move about hither and thither as separate facts come into sight. It is uncertain when the first sac- sacramental act of any Church was performed on British soil in the great western continent. The hon our of the first baptism is claim ed on behalf of two spots. The child of an Indian chief is averred by some to have been baptized in Virgi nia by a Jesuit in 1570, one of a small colony of missionaries who were all murdered by the natives in a few years. Others declare that the first authentic case was that of a phief named Mantoe, in 1587, on the island of Roanoke, by a clergyman who came with Sir W. Raleigh. Raleigh's colo ny, too, perished, but the zeal which inspired the enterprise never forsook its author, and he left 100Z. to the cause of missions in Virginia. In 1606 a fresh body of colonists ar rived at Jamestown, accompanied by Robert Hunt, a clergyman of high courage and devout life. He bore letters patent from King James I., and the commendation of Archbishop Bancroft and of the Bishop of Lon don, and was placed under the jurisdic tion of the latter. Under his care the Gospel made way, though it was greatly hindered by the arrival of law less adventurerers in search of plunder Even upon these Mr. Hunt's holy life was not without marked influence, and he brought those who settled there in to some sort of order. His first church was made of logs, with an old sail fastened at the four corners to as many trees for a roof, and a slab nail- ed to two trees formed the pulpit. Here he held daily prayers, with two- services on Sundays. But presently Jamestown was totally destroyed by fire, the little church perishing also. Mr. Hunt lost all his goods and his- library, but he was able so long as he lived to cheer the ruined colonists with hopes of brighter days. But his constitution was feeble, in a few months he died of exposure and hard ship. The colonists showed that they had profited by his ministry, and in the absence of a clergyman they met daily for prayer m a fresh building, and commissioned a layman to conduct it and read a sermon on Sundays. Two years passed before another minister appeared, and meanwhile the poor colonists were in terrible straits, both from hunger aud also from attacks of the fierce Indians. At length, m utter despair, they resolved to sail away to Newfoundland. They buried their armour and heavy guns and embarked. But at the entrance of the harbour they met with a fleet which had been sent out to their relief by the citizens of London. It came with abundant provisions, and all manner of stores and comforts, as well as a minister named Bucke, a worthy successor to Mr. Hunt. As soon as they landed they went in procession to the little church. The poor rescued colonists hastily decorated the altar with gar lands of fragrant and beautiful flowers, and forthwith the Holy Eucharist was celebrated with great joy. Mr. Bucke at once urged the people to conquer the Indians, not by force but by love, to be strictly just towards them, and to lose no time in carrying the Gospel into the midst of them. Next year he was joined by Alexan der Whittaker, who is sometimes call ed the Apostle of Virginia, a man who gave up wealth in England to come out for that object. He sailed up the James river, took possession of two spots. wThich he named Bermuda and Henrico City, and built rough churches .at each. To this mission belongs the romantic episode of Pocahontas, the daughter of the Indian king Pow- hattan, too well known to be repeated here. Suffice it to say that she was the first native convert made in this colony ; that Mr. "Whittaker both baptized her and married her to Mr. Rolph, and that she continued Christ's faithful soldier and servant during her life. But to the grief of her husband she was seized with illness during a visit to England, and died in the fifth year of her marriage. (To he Continued.') 