HUMOR. CHURCHYARD POETRY. it seem3 hardly fair to place on the tomb* tone of one who cannot expostulate or resist, such lines as these, which may be seen in a churchyard in the Isle of Wight:_ To tho memory of Miss Martha Grin. She was so vary pure within, Sho cracked the shell of hor earthly skin And hatched herself a cherubim. Perhaps few epitaphs are more utterly ri diculous than the above ; and yet in it one traces the old simile of the chrysalis chang ing into the butterfly, and also the stupid idea, which still lingers in thoughtless minds, that good men and women and children turn into angels—an idea equally repugnant to the teaching of Holy Scripture and to common sense. There are cases in which an absurdity is suggested to the mind of the reader, though not in the least intended or perceived by the inseriber. - In a cemetery near Windsor, this verse of Holy Scripture appears on a j headstone beneath the name of a man who died, advanced in years : — u Boliold, I come as a thief,” Given thus without any context the first suggestion is that the deceased says to the passer-by, “Behold, I come as a thief!” One requires some time and some thought fully to take in the object of this epitaph, if one may call it so j which is, doubtless, to act as a warning to those now living, as we may suppose it ence acted to the dead man at our feet. In somewhat the same manner a sharp contrast is suggested to the mind of the reader by an epitaph in the parish church of Richmond, Surrey; though very probably the composer thereof did not perceive the lurking jest. It is in memory of a barrister who bore the appropriate name of Lawes; although a member of the profession which exists only by reason of men’s quarrels and disputes, and which would die out if men were all pacific, he was, it is recorded here, “so great a lover of peace, that when a con tention arose between Life and Death, lie immediately yielded up the ghost to end the I dispute.’’ Then, again, a mere misreading may, for the moment, render an inscription entirely ludicrous, though no suspicion of a jest is in the actual epitaph, nor in the minds of those who composed and placed it above the grave. Two friends were walking in the church-yard of Folkestone parish church, when one of them who had lingered a little, exclaimed, 41 What a very odd epitaph!” The other asked what it was, 44 Why, it is this :— „ -iLj- ...“InjnWOTtt«&Vau;,'f out if closer in- j vestigation proved it to be :— Alas, my Mother 1 an adaptation of the words 44 Alas, my brother 1” with which the old prophet of Bethel mourned over the man of Judah, whose disobedience was punished by a ter rible death. A Mr. Charles Lamb, not the Elia with whom and for whom we have laughed and wept, Bleeps beneath an epitaph of which even the author of the words of comic songs might be ashamed :— Here lies tho body of poor Charles Lamb, Killod by a tree that fell slap bang. If one were not assured that this and many others equally absurd are genuine, one would doubt how any sane person could have composed, and any relative or clergy man have permitted, such inscriptions. The power of veto is vested in some one, but to exercise it and run counter to the wishes of mourning and affectionate, though foolish, relatives, would be an invidious task. A faithful pastor and true poet (the Rev. S. J. Stone) finding that a grieving widower was about to place above his wife’s remains the very old and very silly “ Afflictions sore,” &c.;, obtained leave to substitute an original verse. Every clergyman is not a poet, but if the parish priest fears some folly or indecency may be perpetrated, he might, at least, suggest a suitable text, and his suggestion would, in most cases, be thank fully accepted. What inscription can be more lovely than— “So He givcth His beloved sleep And what can be more indecent than— Here lies the body of Deborah Dent. She kicked up her heels and away she went, which appears in a churchyard near Bury, St. Edmunds? But the clergyman thus acting'as censor, should not be too critical, nor set' aside what is only gauche not ob jectionable, nor needlessly disappoint and pain the composers of the epitaph. It seems especially hard that when a man composes his own epitaph it should not be placed above his-remains. Great grief was caused to an aged widow by the refusal of a clergyman to allow her to have inscribed the lines which her hus band had written for himself:— Here lies at rest from earthly wars, A sorgennt of the 8th Hussars; He lies confined in narrow borders, Hero to wait till further orders. These lines are homely ; but not vulgar and one regrets that the churchyard at Leeds, for which they were intended, is not em bellished and enriched by them. In general; when persons compose their own epitaphs, they rather design to satirise their contem ■ poraries than to commemorate themselves. Who will not wonder at and admire the skill, the originality, of thegeniuswhosebrain furnished him with the means of putting in to verso the sad event which he had thus recorded ? The wedding-day appointed was, The wedding clothes provided \ But ero tlio wedding-day arrived She sickened and she died dead. After this instance of a poet’s ingenuity in overcoming the exigencies and difficulties of rhyme, it may be as well to point out how another genius did not overcome, but evaded similar difficulties. The following appears in a churchyard in Devonshire, andjDevon* shire men prido themselves on their indomi table energy and pluck:— Here lies John Meadow Who passed away like a shadow. N.B.—His name was Field, but it would not rhyme. This is really very neat, and much^ more worthy of record than any couplet ending in shieldyieldy or wield, would have been. We all know that volumes might be writ ten on the mighty subject, 11 How not to do it.” It is a subject on which we all have practical experience ; in our own persons if we are lazy, Btupid, or awkward; in the persons of others if we are energetic, clever or capable. But if one had to . compose an epitaph for a man whom one desired to say nothing, then how not to write it might be come difficult. In such a dilemma, many years ago, a Sussex squire found himself. He had a bailiff, whom ho had discovered to have indulged in all kinds of mal-practices. This unjust steward had robbed his master in every possible way, and when detected was dismissed. Whether he could dig, or whether he was not ashamed to beg, history sayeth not. His master, when bidding him begone, added these words, “for the sake of yonr wife and family I will do nothing to you, but after your death I will punish you severely.” Ifc may bo supposed .that th® bailiff did not troublo himself much about this threht. But it was carried out. The man died; the master took on himself the task of erecting his tombstone and of com posing his epitaph, which was as follows In memory of John Smith, Ho was. This singular inscription was recently, and no doubt is still, to be seen in Horsham churchyard. The author of it would lead persons to view it, .and when they inquired “IVhatyras he ?” would tell them the story of his bailiff’s delinquencies. This story was passed on from mouth to mouth and became far more impressive and more widely known than it would have been if recorded at length on the stone. Indeed, the squire could hardly, with any regard to public opinion, inscribe a man's misdeeds above his mould ering bones ; but the blank which said noth ing offensive, was amply sufficient to fulfil the threat of posthumous punishment, which was thus inflicted on this unjust steward. Our present stock of quaint epitaphs is nearly exhausted, for we do not wish to quote those that are old and hackneyed. One more, and we have done:— Here lies the Landlord of the Lion, He’s buried here in hopes of Zion; His wife, resigned to Heaven’s Will, Carries on tho business still. The force of advertising could no further go.—Macmillan's. ' ‘ 