THE DESCENDING 61'IBIT. JAX. 14.—AFTEBNOOK. Beading, Acts ii. 1-21. Gulden Texl, Zeclisriah ir. 6. John, ill one of his visions, bivs on (lie head of Jesus "many crowns" (Rev. jtis 12). One of tlie^e, the crown of redemption, had just hecn jjlaeed oil (lie recently tUorn-crowned brow. Coronation time is gift-bestowing time, and the tenth morning after His ascension the disciples received "His grand coronation gift"—the gift assuring them that he had taken His place at the right hand of God, and which was as the letter we send to friends we have left behind, the post-mark telling them of our safe arrival. I.—THE TIME OP DESCENT. Ver. 1. It was harvest time. Kefer to Exod. ssiii. 16 ; xxsiv. 22; Deut. xvi. 9, 10. Harvest operations, which commenced at the Passover, fifty days before, were completed. Such was this day of Pentecost. At Calvavy the Divine seed was deposited in the ground, •watered with blood; here was much fruit—first-fruit— thousands of harvests to follow, but all springing from that one wheat-grain (John xii. 21). It was gathering time. (Verses 5,9,11). Numbers who on account of dangers of travel by sea or land in early spring or late autumn, failed to attend the other feasts, attended at Pentecost. There were at Jerusalem pilgrims from many shores, representatives of many nations. Eefer to Babel (Genesis xi.). There, many tongues, the result of dispersion; here men heard in many tongues of that which, adapted to them all would eventually gather all together, of whatever kindred or tongue (Kev. vii. 9). It was a commemorative time. Computed by later Rabbis that on this day the Law was proclaimed on Sinai. Pentecost re-wrote the Law, not on stone, but on the more susceptible table of men's hearts (Heb. viii. 10). II.—THE PREPARATION FOR THE DESCENT. Recall the great commission—the work given to the disciples (Matt, xxviii. 19; Luke xxiv. 47). Before they could enter upon it there was a need to be supplied —power, not human (Zech. iv. 6), but Divine, power of the Holy Spirit. For this they were to tarry (Luke xxiv. 49). " Until this time the young Church might be compared to a ship ready to depart, its sails spread for the wind ;" tarrying for the wind, the Spirit. Note liow they spent the time of waiting for the heavenly gale—in prayer. This was the preparation, " Learning to speak to Christ—to commune with ChriBt, without sight, out of 6ight" (C. J. Vaughan). Read cli. i. 14. The day of Pentecost found them all together, and early (vers. 1, 15). Prayer knocked early at. Heaven's gate and the gate was opened to send the blessing down. III.—THE MANIFESTATION OF THE DESCENT. When and Saw (verse 2, 3). " As of arushing mighty wind." A mighty breath borne onward, as holy men were moved, borne on by the Holy Ghost. 2 Peter i. 21 (Plumptre). The Spirit came as one mighty to bear them on in their great work. " As of fire." On each there rested a tongue of flame, the uniting point telling of one source; the division of the common share all hod in the gift. 1Effects of the Manifestation, (a) Inward, "all filled." What they were we are to be. Eph. v. 18. (bj Outward, " began to speak," etc. Speech the outlet of the Spirit, bursting the ordinary bounds ; and in other tongues were heard, not words of preaching, but the wonderful works of God (verse 11), words of praise and holy song. Comp. Eph. verse 18, 19. Opinions as to the Manifestation (verses 7-13). On "filled with new wine," remind that men under its influence find it difficult to speak clear by their own language. jExplanation of the Manifestation. By whom ? Nothing hot and fiery about Peter, now he is what ho tells us we should all be (1 Pet. iii. 15). What? Shows that it is the fulfilment of Scripture. The work of tho Spirit not to supersede but to enable us to under etand it. Have we the Spirit P If the heart is full of tho world and sin it must be empty of the Spirit. Tho effect will bo seen. The heart will act on the tongue; it will be 60 full that it cannot but speak a new language, another tongue, the wonderful works of God. W. H. WHITBREAD. 