CONGREGATIONAL UNION OF ENGLAND AND WALES. The autumnal meeting was held at Bristol in October last, and was distinguished by the reception of a deputation from the local' English clergy, who presented an address of welcome. From the Christian World we extract the following account of the interesting, proceedings :—As the hour appointed for the reception of the deputation from tne Church of England drew near the chapel and galleries became densely crowded, whilst deep and intense interest in this " new departure" was manifest in every face. As the venerable Sean (Dr. Elliott), who wore a skull-cap, accompanied by Canon Girdlestone and some thirty clergymen—for all who had signed the address were not able to be present—entered the cliapel and came upon the platft rm, the assembly rose and welcomed them with enthusiastic and continuous cheering. Each member of the deputation was introduced to the Chairman by the Rev. Uriiah Thomas, and received a cordial shake of the hand. Ultimately, the Dean and Canon Girdlestone, havihg been placed on Dr. Macfadyen's right, and the other clergy, who occupied half of the platform, on his left, Dr. Elliott, addressing the Chairman, said—Kev. Sir, Mr. President—I have sought access to your assembly, and proffer my thanks that you have accorded it, in order that I may present to the Congregational Union an address of sincere and Christian welcome on its visit to Bristol, signed by fifty-eight of its clergy. During a lone term of both ministerial and official life, I know of no one act of duty that has devolved upon me which has afforded nie more sincere pleasure and satisfaction than that which the kindness of my brethren has imposed upon me today. If I were speaking for myself, I might have been anxious to say a few further words, couched in the same spirit as that which governs the address, but I have to remember that I am here simply as a delegate from my co- siznatories to convey to you the definite expressions of this address, and I must refrain. Not so, however, is the position of my brethren, some of whom, I believe, are anxious to arM a few words of their own. Allow me now to read the address :— " We the undersigned clergymen of the Church of England resident in Bristol desire to take part in welcoming the annual Conference cf the Congregational Union to our city, and to give public'expression to our respect for our fellow-workers in the cause of Christ. Heartily attached as we are to chat historic branch of Christ's Church in England, of which we believe to retain institutions derived from the apostolic age, we nevertheless willingly recognise the work which you are doing in spreading the fundamental truths of the Kingdom of God. We acknowledge with gratitude the piety and zeal, the learning and eloquence of members of your ministry, and tne abundant blessing with which it has pleased God to prosper your work both in English-speaking countries and in the missions which your congregations assist in some of the most remote quarters of the globe. We desire that all who hold the truth as it is in Jesus Christ should live in brotherly love with one another, and as far as possible strive to unite their forces for the furtneranceoftheGospel. We pray in our liturgy that God would inspire continually the Universal Ciiurch with the spirit of truth, unity, and concord, and we are sure that in this prayer you heartily join. We have one Lord, one faith, one baptism. We wish you godspeed in every good work, and we pray that the Holy Spirit may guide you in ill your deliberations to the furtherance of the Gospel of our common Lotd and Master." Continuing, the Dean added:—"Mr. President, I feel that those of the clergy of Bristol who thus welcome you needfearno loss of esteem among Christian people, because they are ready to thank God for the work which He has enabled their brethren in Christ to do and-to ask for His continued blessing on them. I not only hope, bnt I firmly behove, that you are ready to reciprocate our prayer, and in that hope and belief I am bold to close with the blessing of the mighty Apostle, invoking your Amen. May the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, and the love of God. and the fellowship of the Holy Ghost, be with us all evermore." After a* profound "Amen," from the ministers and delegates, Canon Girdlestone, the senior canon of Bristol Cathedral; the Bev. E. A. Fuller, vicar of St. Barnabas; the Eev. C. J. Atherton, vicar of St. Paul's, Bedminister; and Mr. J. M. Wilson, head master of Clifton College, having said a few words, the Chairman of the Union, Bev. Dr. Macfadyen, rose to reply. He concluded as follows:—"There are many things -which we admire in your work, brethren—we admire the wonderful manner in which you carry out the idea of the Christian pastor, and I think I speak the mind of the entire assembly when I say that I envy the devotion, the pastoral sincerity, and fidelity which characterizes your best-worked parishes in all parts of the country. Then we like to hear your brethren when we have a chance of hearing them. We gladly sit at the feet of your thinkers, and when they publish books that influence thought we are amongst the first to listen to what they have to sav. Wherever we find good work being done I think! may say that there we shall find the era of co operation has decidedly come in." After referring to the marvellous uprising of temperance feeling in the Church of England as a foremost cause for joy and congratulation, and invoking the Divine blessing upon the members of the deputation and their ministry, the Chairman concluded by reminding them of the exhortation of St. Paul to walk by the same rule, and mind the same thing. At the suggestion of Canon Girdlestone, the assembly and the deputation joined in singing the hymn commencing "Jesus the very thought of Thee," and the session was brought to a close by the Chairman pronouncing the benediction Before leaving the platform, however, the Dean whose kindly and venerable face was beaming wit* 1 satisfac ion, thanked the members of the Union for the reception accorded to him and his brethren whilst Canon Girdlestone, who seemed equally gratified and pleased, wished them godspeed. MoTHEifc & HOUSEKEEPERS : Do You WANT— A Washing Machine, go to A. O. Chambers. A Wringer and Mangle, go to A. O. Chambers. An Ice Safe and Refrigerator, g 0 to A. O. Chambers. A Butter Churn and Worker, go to A. O. Chambers. A House Step and Ladder, go to A. O. Chambers. A Garden Seat, go to A. O. Chambers. A Wringer Stand, go to A. O. Chambers. A Wringer Repaired, go to A. O. Chambers. A Mangle Repaired, go to A. O. Chambers. Anything in Woodwork, go to A. 0. Chambers. Blinders-street. 277'8thsc 1®" It is not so generally known as it should be that first-class Pianos, American Organs, Watches Sewing Machines, Furniture, Jewellery, Washing Machines, Wringers, &c.;, can be purchased on the time-payment system from A. & 3\. Dobbie Machinists, <£c., Gaw ler-place. Adelaide. 311thscv B3t Messrs. Bickford.—I am anxious for the public benefit to bear testimony to the splendid effect produced by Bickford's Cough Elixir. My son, who was suffering from a most distressing com>h, with little or no rest at night, was cured by your Elixir after taking about half a bottle. Also, a gentleman, who was on a visit at my honsa, hail such a troublesome cough that he ceuld obtiin no , rest himself or let others sleep. 1 administered two ( teaspoonfuls of your Elixir, and in less than half an ' hour lie was in a calm sleep, and remained so until morning, and with a few more doses lost his cough altogether. I consider it an invaluable remedy.— Yours truly, J. Kemp Penney. 320thsc 