THE HANDS OF JUSTICE. BY F. W. ROBINSON. Author of 'Grandmother's Money;' 'Coward Conscience ;' 'Annie Juige, Spinster ;' 'Poor Humanity ;' ' As Long as She Lived;' 'Mattie, a Stray;' 'Oven, a Waif ;' ' Ko Church ;' ' House of Elmore ;': ' A Woman's Hansom ;' ' For Her Sake ;' &c;, &c.; [Published bj special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] BOOK THE SECOND.— FIVE YEARS AFTERWARDS. CHArTER IV.— The Master's Orders. Lucy Brake slowly recoiled with terror from the side of her companion, sbe sat back now with her two hands buried in the sand, which she was grasping nervously. This was a terrible woman who had cctne to Skegs Shore. Looking at her, she forgot for an instant even, that her child was away from her. ' fliy iatner i - she said at last, ' avt i near you sright ? You did say my father ! ' 'Yes,' was the response, 'I said your father.1' 'You must be very mad, madam, or you must have come here on purpose to insult me. Do you know my father?' she cried, with sudden impetuosity. 'Have you ever seen him in your life ?'' 'I know your father. I have met him many times.' ' And yet you think he might have killed my husband!' she exclaimed. 'Oh! you must mean some one else, madame — you can not imagine how good and just and holy a man he is.' the cried. 'A holy man!' answered Miss Brake, 'that is an extravagant encomium, of which no man is deserving. Why should I not sus pect him? Tell him that I do.' 'Why?' ' You suspected a better man in Jqjm Wood. botch,' she eaid, 'a man who acts, not preaches.' 'I -?id him an injustice, and have ac knowledged it,' replied Lucy. 'To him?' 'Yes — to him.' ' He will be grateful to you, poor John,' said Miss Brake. ' It will be a little iigut upon his life.' Lucy did not reply. The color had flickered on her cheek for an instant, and then she had looked round for Morice in a frightened manner, and thought of nothing more till she had caught a glimpse of her spain, leaping and laughing by the side of Kitty Vanch, and evidently in high spirits with her new protector. ' I— I think I will leave you now,' she said. ' Before I have explained everything,' replied the other. ?' Oh ! madam— you have explained sum cir- Etly,' eaid Lucy, her lips quivering with indignation, 'you are here to set a daughter against her father, to sow, if it were by any possibility in your power, which it is not, the seeds of a terrible suspicion in her mind. And I will not listen further to you.' ' You judge too quickly,' said Miss Brake, very calmly now, regarding Lucy very in tently, as a study which was as difficult for her 1 ocomprehecdasher character was difficult for Lucy to decipher, ' you act too quickly. You and Morris were very much alike, and £0, alas, were unsuited to each other. I have spoken out what was in my mind— why should I dif guise it ?' ' For the daughter's sake you might have spared me,' said Lucy, rising to her feet. 'It was as well to show you that other people beside yourself have strange ideas as to how Morris Brake met his death, and that ideas may vary as to him who killed him. I may be as wrong as you are in my suspicions —possibly I am— I am a poor visionary at the beet, but your dead husband rises before me like a ghost, and warns me.' ' Horrible— horrible,' said Lucy, shiver M-g, let me get away from you. You have no right to wound me in this manner — and after all these years of silence to seek me out for such a cruel purpose.' 'My poor headstrong girl, I have not scught you out for any purpose at all, and it is cot for your sake I am here. But being here,'' she added, ' I thought I would like to see what kind of woman Morris had made his ?wife.' ' You have seen me,' said Lucy, still almost defiantly, 'and now good-day.' 'Five years ago I did not visit this place,' Miss Brake continued. 'I did not know my brother was married till I read it in the news papers, along with the news of his death why should I have come to you now ? You have expressed no wish to see me ; and a cold letter from your father, saying and thinking nothing of my sorrow — which was identical with jour own, and may be a deeper sorrow now — was the only recognition of my poor existence. Before my strength was able to uruig iue uere, morris was ounea — Way should I seek out one who had helped to de ceive me I' 'By marrying Morris, you mean?1 ' It was a secret for awhile between us,' answered Lucy, ' I am not called upon, I hope, at this late hour, to apologise for it to his sister.' ' No, I do not require an apology, and I have not wished to know you,' said Miss Brake. ' I have felt myself your enemy rather than your friend.' ' I can imagine so,' replied Lucy. 'But an enemy who speaks out.' ' Yes,' said Lucy, with another shudder she was unable to repress, 'you are terribly outspoken.' ' But I could have told you more,' was the slow comment here. ' Of my Morris— of my lost darling— you COUld !' exclaimed Lucv. vt-rv enfrarlv fumin ' Yes ! a great deal more. Perhaps! may some day, when we are better friends.' ' I - can never be your friend now. Miss Brake. I cannot believe yet you are Morris's sister,' exclaimed Lucy. 'Very likely.' was the reply, 'I have been a woman with much to brood upon, like you, and have gone distraught, as women will under circumstances akin to yours and mine. Now, I am sane— and you at least, I do not doubt.' 'Why should you have suspected me?' asked Lucy, wonderingly. 'You said you had once a doubt of me— his wife.' 'Ask me a few months hence, and I will tell you, if you have not guessed it for your self by that time,' she replied. *' I can see you no more,' cried the young woman, as she began to move away from her, ' you sent for me to crush me utterlv.' 'Ism here against my will— I did not wish to come.' ' What brings you to Skegs Shore then V asked Lucy, pausing again. ' My orders. The master wished it.' 'Who is the master ?' ' This man approaching, and for whom I have been waitiEg. I think you know him, Lucy Brake,' she said. Lucy looked in the direction which her sister-in-law had indicated, and coming towards them with quick sharp strides across the sands, like a man in hot haste to greet a friend, or confute an adversary, was the master of Farm Forlorn. ' His orders !' exclaimed Lucy. Chapter V. — Jobts Wood hatch's Explanations; John Wcodhatch had now reached the ladies, and raised his hat to them. He shook hands with them immediately afterwards, re garding Lucy with evident surprise, and with his old grave interest. ' I did not expect to find you here, Lucy,' he said; 'you have met at last then, you two.' 'Yes, we have met and exchanged confi dences,' said Hestor Brake quietly, ' and at present, John, we dislike each other very much.' John Woodhatch smiled. ' Oh ! you will get over that,' he said, 'you should have known each other years ago— five years ago,' he added, as a shade met, and made your little niece's acquaintance too, Mi£s Brake.' 'Yes.' John Woodhatch turned to Lucy again. ' I met Morice with Miss Vanch,' he re marked. 'They are very good friends already.' ' I am going to fetch Morice,' said Lucy. ' I will come with you part of the way if you will allow me,' said the farmer. ' ' I shall not be loog. Miss Brake,' he added. 'I am in no hurry,' replied the elder woman. ' I am taking you away,' said the younger one ; ' this is an appointment.' John Wocdhatch did not answer, but when . Lucy moved in tbe direction of Kitty and her child — who were advancing in the dis tance—he walked on by her side, with his bands behind him and his ebony cane clutched tightly in them as we saw him first, one August day, looking at the reformatory from which he had taken Master Dor ward. Five years had made no perceptible difference in John Woodhatch, save perhaps to add a few more grey hairs to his bead ; he was the same stalwart, bronzed, earnest-looking man at forty-five as he had been at forty, and his step was as free and firm as that of men twenty years his junior. There might have been a shade more depth of gravity in the expression on his face that morning, but it was natural enough considering many things. It had not been holiday ground which he had traversed during the last five years, though he bad borne tbe burden and heat of the day without flinching at his tuk. ' I wish to speak to you for a few minutes, Lucy, cow tbatjou have met Morris's sister,' he laid. 'Ycu do mind my walking wita j cu f cr a little while — I Bhall not be in the way too much?'* ' Ob, no. I am always glad to see you.' ' Thank you,' he answered humbly ; ' it is kind to say so. And now — you do not like Hester Brake?' 'I cannot bear her,' was the frank answer back. 'You will like her in time.' ' Never — I am sure.' 'He liked her very mucb, and was a kind brother to her.' 'Yes,' answered Lucy pensively, 'that was likely. He was kind to everybody.' 'And,' he added, 'she is certainly a goo i woman. Will you take my word for that?' 'I will try and take it— presently. Oh, John,' she exclaimed, ' what do you think sbe told me?' ' I can guess— don't repeat it, Lucy. It will only excite and distress you.' 'How can ycu guess ?'she asked curiously. 'She is a woman of wild theories as to tbe motive for her brother's death, and she has told you some of them. Let them rest, Lucy,' he added earnestly, 'for your sake. If you wDl — for mine.' 'Very welL' assented Lucy, 'but you, knowing what sbe thinks of me, and of mv father, must not ask me to like Hester Brake.' 'I am ffoing to ask j'ou to live with her— that's all.' *' John Woodhatch— you must be as mad as she is,' exclaimed Lucy very cordially and with considerable warmth. ' Live with that ungenerous woman — it would be easier for me to die.' ' You are allied by marriage— she is your husband's sister — it is more than likely there will be property falling to your share and hers,' he continued, gravely summing, up the position, ' and she will be alone and waat a iriend.' Lucy regarded him with grave astonish ment. ' Property !' 'Yes, I think so,' he replied, 'bat of that she will speak herself. You will- have many opportunities for discussion on the sub ject.' ' Not with her,' said Lucy shiverinp. 'I have told her already I will see her no more.' ' How can you help it,' asked John Wood batch, ' she has made up her miad to live at .Skegs Shore.' 'To live here!' ' Yes. She has disposed of her house at Boston already.' ' To live at Skegs Shore V Lucy repeated. ' At your commands then, John, not of her own free will, lam very sure of that.' John Woodhatch looked surprised in his turn, as he gazed down earnestly at the Tcung face flushed with animatiom — bright with anger and very fair to see. The troubles of five years bad not dimmed the remarkable beauty of his companion, rather had added a new charm of thoughtfulness to her, and at two and twenty years of age was a fairer woman than when Morris Brake had married ber. 'Why do you say at my commands?' he asked ; ' has it ever appeared to you that my withes were considered law by any one? Bave jou cot seen with the rest of them how every hope of mine drops from the tree, a withered leaf at best ?' Lucy looked down, then said in a lower voice — ' She told me she was here against her will and by the master's orders.' ' Am I— the master ?' ' Yes, she says as much as that.' Be walked on a few paces more in silence, as if considering deeply the motive of the avowal, and in what way it affected him, then he said — ' 1 am no more her master than I am master of myself.' ' Have you not asked her to come then?' said Lucy. 'Pardon me, old friend, if I am pertinacious, perhaps suspicious, but she said at your orders she was here.' ' She may call them orders, if it pleases ber,' he answered; 'it was necessary she should come for awhile, and I said so.' 'Ah ! you speak like her, in riddles,' cried Lucy, 'you are not as frank and open with me as you used to be.' ' There, you are angry,' he said, smiling now, 'and I am an aggravating fellow in your estimation. And yet I have forced my self upon your company to tell you, first of all, a secret.' 'Connected with the coming of that man?' 'Connected with the coming of Hester Brake and her companion ? ' 'Miss Vanch?' 'Yes.' 'WelL What is it, John?' she enquired, ' you see I have all my woman's curiosity left etilL' 'Yes— or you would not be a woman,' he added dryly. ' And the secret ?' ' Which you will keep, of course '!' ''Yes — I promise. There.' ' ' Miss Vanch has come to Skegs Shore to be married. 'Indeed.' ' She is engaged to a friend of yours.' ' Who can it be?' said Lucy, wonderingly. ' One whom you have often said has grown out of all knowledge of his past, and is my model pupil, a credit to my. teaching, and my influence over him, and so forth,' he said, speaking very hurriedly. ' Mr. Dorward— Greg !' was the exclama tion here, and Lucy's eyes grew rounder and larger with astonishment. ' 'Yes, Gregory Dorward,' he replied. 'I thought I should surprise you.' 'Gregory — Dorward. Yes,' she said, drawing one long breath before becoming like her usual self, ' I am surprised indeed. How long have they known each other?' ' Oh ! I don't know exactly. They have been engaged twelve mouths, at all events,' replied John Woodhatch: 'long enough to wait for each other, and not to get tired of each other.' ' They are very young to marry ? ' and then Lucy remembered her own early dash at matrimony, and was discreetly silent as to that part of the question. 'If they know their own minds, and have made up their minds, I dont think that youth is much to do with it — rather an advantage than otherwise, I suppose,' be added, like a man who had outlived youth so completely that he did not understand now its hopes ana fears, its dreams and realities, its ambitions and its disappointments, its bright- out look over the land of love and faith and hap piness. ' I only glanced at' Miss 'Vanch once or twice,' said Lucy, ' but I should not have thought— I should scarcely have thought'— she said, correcting herself a little, ' that she was quite suitable for Goegory.' ' Whynot?' . ' She is older, is she not ?' ' By a month or two, not more.' ' Both twenty-one, then ?' ' That is about it, I should say,' replied John Woodhatch, 'I should have thought,' she said again, 'that Greg might have done better than marry Mies Brake's maid, companion, or whatever Bhe may call herself— he is so clever in his way, so shrewd and observant and quick — even so gentlemanly, I might say. He seems about the last man to be in a hurry to take a wife. Ah, you don't like my criticism— you are frowning at it.' ' Am I,' he said with a quick laugh, ' that is because I am of a different opinion, and I don't like my opinions disturbed by other folk. Thejold failing of mine— an insufferable conceit, child. Don't mind it' 'Besides ? ' ' Here we will not discuss the Question any further,' he said, interrupting her, ' if they love each other— what is the use of argument ? And what will they care for our comments upon the case?' 'It is a true love story then,' said the young widow, 'quite a romance, and,' she added with a sigh, 'ending happily as romances should. Why you are frowning again.' ' I was wondering at the end of it a little. Who can say what that shall be.' ' Don't you believe in tbe strength of their ?affection, or in its endurance?' she asked, looking bard at the master of Farm Forlorn. 'You shall see what true love is for your self, Lucy. Here is Kate Vanch and little Morice.' ? Chapter VL— Kiity's EircAGEaiENT. Kate Vanch and Lucy's child were very close upon them now, and Morice catching sight of her mother, and having had for the time enough of her new friend, let go Kitty's band and ran towards her. ' Mamma, mamma — what a time they have kept you away !' she cried with all the in gratitude of her sex. ' She was beginning to fret for you, ex plained Kate, ' I am glad you have come half way to meet us, Mrs. Brake.' ' She is nervous, like her mother, I am afraid. It is my one fear,' she said to John Woodhatch, by way of explanation. ' Don't fear anything,' he answered gruffly, ' she is a brave, strong child enough. You should let her come to Farm Forlorn for a few weeks, Lucy. Eh, Morice — how will that do?' ' Oh ! yes, yes— I should like to,' cried the child. 'No, no— I couldn't part with her,' said the mother. ' Come with her, and bring your father, too, as in the old days.' ' Presently— presently,' she replied with a faint smile, ' when I have the courage again. For I want to see the farm very much. It was like home to me once— when Morris was alive.' 'Ab! yes — exactly. Kitty,' said John Woodhatch very quickly now,' I have taken the liberty of telling Mrs. Brake of your engagement to our friend, Greg. You will not object to my forestalling you with this important news ?' She smiled and sbcok her head, whilst the color mounted rapidly into. her face. ' I* it eo grf at a secret '?' the asked. 'Mrs, Brake did not know of it till just now.' ' Indeed,' answered Kitty. ? ' . ? She looked askance at Mrs. Brake, ay if in :~ doubt how the news might have a&etedf; ihe , young widow— and wondered very much At the intentness of her gaze. It was a stead/y searching gaze which even embarrassed Kitty a little, and she turned from her to John Woodhatch with a quick, appealing look. ' I have told her the engagement is about a year old, and that you love each other very much,' said Woodhatch, as if in answer to '? . ber glance, or in explanation — or as if. Lasy fponebr. Fuspiciously again, to put her on her fcuaid, ?? tjint is right. I hope?' ' I hope so, sir. I hope so,' was the rapid : answer. 'Gregory has kept his engagement very much of a secret from us all,' said Lucy. ' That is very natural,' responded Kitty \ anch, ' I bave not mentioned it to any one except Mrs. Brake. I— I think it was under* stood it was to be a secret for awhile, Mr. Woodhatch ? Was it not ?' She looked at John Woodhaich as if she were in doubt herself, but open to correction, 'Yes. We did not want all Skegs Shore to talk of this, before its time,' John, answered. Lucy could eay nothing against keeping an engagement secret, but there was still an air of doubt, almost of bewilderment, upon her face, which John Woodbatch could not account for, and which perplexed him in bis turn. . . ? ? ' And when is the happy event to come off, ? ? . . Miss Vanch ?' asked Lucy, after an a jrkward ?; - r. '? pause. ' In a few weeks,' John Woodhatca answered for her. - - . 'So soon!' 'And you will not be sorry, I suppose?' asked Woodhatch. 'Sorry!' exclaimed Kitty, frankly, 'oh, ? ?'- no.' - .- . '? ' You love Greg very much. You have not repented of saying yes to his proposals,' Woodbatch said jestingly — but it was heavy and unnatural jesting, Lucy thought. ': ' God knows I shall be very, very happy,' - was the fearless answer, 'and I hope God - will give me power to make him very happy, : too.' ? ? _ - ' You love him so deeply, then?' enquired Lucy. -.-?-. ' With all my heart I would die for him, ?-? if he asked me. Is that love deep enough, - ? '? madam?' she answered almost passionately, 'is that how you ladies-born love your - - - sweethearts, I wonder?' '--' - ? Yes, Lucy Brake had no longer any doubt in her mind of the depth of Kitty VanchV affection, which startled her by its fervour, its outspokenness. It was a face strangely ^ mobile — and swayed by every varying emo- --' tion— into which Lucy looked. She' war- ? '. ?; amazed at the animation which colored it, brightened and gave life to it, at the shadov which passed across it again, and then was ~ ' /' followed by new light and hope again. An 1 ?'- extraordinary young woman this, excitable ' ..v . and impulsive, but evidently fond of Gregory ? - j Dorward. ' 'Well, I hope you and Gregory will be ' - I very happy together,' said Lucy, ' yoa have . / my best wishes. And may your love and hap- - pinees last longer than mine did, is all th» harm I wiah youboth.' . ?' . '?? 'Thank you, Mrs. Brake. I will telKxreg that, if I may?' she said. ' :- ' Yes — tell him that,' murmured Lucy- - ? .--' Brake, then she extended her hand to Kitty, '. ?'?, wished her good morning, shook hands with - ????-' John Woodhatch, wished him good morning / ' . also, and went npon her way. She. walked V^.$ homewards at almost a swift rate of progres* ~ : ?'? ; sion, and the look of perplexity upon ber faca ; . - - '-? did not die away as she proceeded. Kitty1* ' / Vanch's straightforward and unflinching ex- - ~ ' vi planation of the state of her feelings had con- ? : : vinced her of the young woman's love— but it - - ?_ was none the less impressed upon her that she- ' ---:- was hardly fit for Greg, that there was an no- ' . . :? suitability about the match impossible to er- ' .- 'r . plain, and yet remarkably evident to tha -. ' ? widow. Who was thia Kitty Vanch?— where . . -:T. ~-7 had she come from to rise up like a ghost in - '?'?''?:?:- this way, and to be companion, even Iriend =of - / - ? -\ tbe bitter-tongued woman whom she bad' left v \ upon the sands ; Were there new mysteries , '-:?-. '.;:£ cropping up around her at' Skegs Shore ; and.- r ?'?; z in the strange folk whom she was meeting on, - r \\*. her path in life, were there to follow now* ' ' \\. :': strange actions and conceits, perhaps terrible _ mistakes? She walked on rapidly with Morice trot- . :. : ting by her side, and asking a hundred 4009* .:? . ,_ :-; tions, to which the young mother did not - : ~~ V. reply by scarcely a single word. There was .'--i one grim fact before her, she believed, and it - .;.; was not easy to face, or to comprehend.' Let . . - . -c; her make haste home and think it over,, and . '?' '--^r take her father into her confidence, if it were - . ^i necessary, and she thought it might be nedes* - ? S : sary very soon. - ?,£. \- What a deal she had to tell him! What a :; ;: deal had happened since she had left him sitting in the sunshine that morning-! ~ - ??'..? (To he continued.) ; ???-?' 