THS OMITTED " PEINCIPLE." BY PlSUtUTttX. fT'heoomin^ birthday—Whioh impiety «u ihi most Jmplotis—Loving the doctrine and biting the word*—Dr. Cranmer oat ' of date—Lord BronghHtn's A wit and " the ' (cM uf AHus—Mr. MoncurA de Conway's relationship to Sir. Jn. Calvin And Mr. It. Luther's grandson, Strauss—The omittnd "prinoiple" of the Aponalypse, and the great wonder in Heaven.] Ofr course yon an aware, 0 esteemed; reader, or, perhaps, of course yon are riot aware, that a very retnarlcible birthday anniversary u at hand. On Friday next, November 9, if almanaos be oorreot, in the Maori country that once was, people who .are hot Maories. will bs oarouning over the nativity of Martin Luther: November 9 should rank high in the " Fasti" of every 't-ilipio eivllii in Proteatantdom as the concurrent of my Lord Mayor of London and his procession, of the birth of thf Prinoe of Wales, and of the " great German reformer;" and if yon, 0 esteemed, intend to celebrate the triply glorious day, lay in a liberal, stock of lager- bier, Biersohebier, brandy-wine, with wassers and schnapps of all forts, and then request tbi honour of my company on next Saturday (" the day to be kept"), I shall . bi happy to assist you in keeping up thi birthday festivities of the holy friar ol Augsburg. I guess he would be very glad to join us if he could, and bring Mrs. Luther With him ; but we can drink their health, if yoi. wish, and read over together Dr. Moorbouse'i molt interesting acoount of the extraordinary spiritual benefits and blessings which Mr, and Mrs. Martin L.'s religious " prinoiple' has conferred, on the old oreed- renouneinj Rhine-land. They don't trouble themselven now in " Germany" about the Athanasian Creed, They leave such nonsense to Padt dington statesmen, lawyers, and scholars, and for incumbents who swore first to thi scriptural truth of it, and then werd •shamed to face their congregations while saying or singing it. Talk of pagan " impieties" indeed, and of medieval "im: jiieties!" Why, what pagan haruspei, or 'what triediffiral image worshipper, could snr- ' pass such " impiety" as that which the reformed Protestant cleric commits when, on some ordination Sunday, he professess before God that he sincerely believeB and with a willing heart receives the 8th Article of his Ghuroh, and on the very next Sunday hangs down his. head with shame when called on to offer up Morning Prayer to God, and profess bis faith in God in the words of the Athanasian Creed t! I Ashamed of what was as true as the holy scrip* urea ! 11 THE LOOP-HOLE. Dr. Moorbouse seems to wince under the Veen edge of. his own astounding inconsistency in subscribing to the Athanasian Creed first, and then being ashamed of it as soon as he had signed it. fee therefore leaves himself a loop-bole to brei>p out of the damnatory dilemma in which his frankness in acknowledging himself ashamed has placed binr. He appears to be desirous of hinting that he does not rejeot .the doctrine taught in the Athanasian Creed, bat only to the language in which the doctrine is stated. His lordchip does not speak very clearly, but this muoh may be gathered from what he does say. He dislikes and is ashamed of the lord's put into his mouth by his Church, by which wordB she requires him to profess bib Christian faith. But how does this explanation save his lordship P The word« of the Athanasian Creed are as mnoh the res act of his Churoh as the words of the Nicene Creed. But next year, perhaps, we shall have Dr. Moorbouse ashamed to face his pro-cathedral congregation at the saying pi singing of the Nioeue Creed, and the year after he may be ashamed of the Apostles* Creed. None of these creeds tare first written in the English laiignage. Dr. Moorhouse'g "reformers," Dr. Thomas Cranmer and his suffragans, translated the creeds from the Latin, And compared the Latin versions with the Greek. A synod of the Anglioan Churoh officially sanctioned and adopted the translations, and thus formally settled the veibat as well 88 the dootrinal integrity of document* which were ty be retained in the new Protestant Morning Prayer, which Morning Prayer was, in fact, a substitute for early Low Mass. pr Mwrhouse now recoils from Dr. .Craniner'a ai^d an . Anglioan synod's translation ofthe Athanasian Creed, although ijj has been over and o.yer again approved and Confirmed b^ Protestant Parli4mente lawfully aftathhleft, and by thci ,, • . SUTEEHB HzAS of. the Anglican National Churoh, or by seyeril successive' royal Snpremfe Heads. What is it in the translation of the Athanasian Creed; what is there in the wording of it at which Bishop Moorhouse takes fright '•at offence ? Archbishop Cranmer's knowledge of Latin was undeniable. He was one vi tbe best Latin scholars in England. Those who topk part in the compilation of the paw. Anglican Morning Prayer vera all superior Latin soholars. They turned the Latin'creeds into most faithful transcripts of the original. ^Vhoevpr reads tbe English version of tie Athanasian Creed will catch the trite sense "of ,ti)6 ancient formulary. Why, then, does Dr. Mooriiouee cavil at, 6r feel disss titfied With;' tbdwording of the Athaotaisji Orfeed, «o> called? If there be any one thingosetain'frcnh oobfesiastioal historyit is this fuott heresiarohj faonx concept of the faith as revealed to hferby her Divine Head, and as He required her to con oeive of it, and embody in words, and so teach it. Arias misconceived the'faith, and would have wordB of his own to express his muoonception. The Catholic Churoh would have the word Homoousion to' express her belief concerning the divine natnreof Christ. Arius, to do him justice, did not desire to go so far in a alterations as Dr. • Moorhouse leads us to fear gome Anglican bishops in England would go. Arius onfy wished to alter one letter, and turn Kom-o-ousion into Som-oi-ousion—a change which gave the late Lord Brougham and many other able Protestant lawyers and feebly witty. Arias sought to rub out the letter " o" and insert the letter " i." The great Council of Nicea, said Lord Brougham, spent three months disputing about an iota, that is, the Greek letter i. His lordship, though ia reputed deiBt, and a very able lawyer and statesman, was also ft'very poor theologian, as Dr. Moorhouse'* able lawyers at PaddingUm who sat down may have been. Lord Brougham was too witty to consider that the word Arius would have inserted in the creed would mean and teaoh that Christ, as the Logos or Word of God, was not the same ia His essential nature as God, but only sipilar to God—a dootrine which destroyed tbe proper divinity of Christ, and inferential!? the doctrine of the Trinity, and, with that dootrine, the whole Christian system. And if we look baok over the sixteen centuries ninoe the great stand which tbe Catholio Church made nt Nioeu against the heretinal principle of ohanging what the apostles Peter and Paul, James and John .speak of as " Tbe Form of sound words," or Creed in.whioh the dootrines of the gospel were set forth: if we review the aots of the earlier General Councils of th< Catholio Churoh, we shall find that the alterations of the oreed, the changing of tbe word ohosen by the Gburoh to express their intel lectual apprehension of God's revelation t' her of what she is to believe, has ever masked an insidions design for subverting the dootrine whioh the words asserted Dr. Moorhouse intimates that he has no ill- Creed, but only to the words of it. Be it Every Christian may be pleased to hea his lordship's declaration. Most unfortu ately, however, that is just what the whol. tribe of Churoh disturbers and all th piscopal black sheep and perverse priesth isputers of all sorts have been saying sinot be days of CEBINTHUS. The Faith of Christ crucified is sot i hameleon changing its complexion accord ng to the lights and shades of the ohanpeful seasons or the shifting scenes around it. Tin Faith ,of Christ is not a moon presenting <• new phase every month. If the Faith wer> of this fickle kind, no creed-altering ooulri keep paoe with its oaprices, and the task of adapting the oreed to tbe Faith would be a* ceaseless as that of makiny a frown for the moon ; it would have to be unstitched anri refitted every night; and Dr< Moorhous* must be blind and deaf indeed if hi oannot see and hear what is going on all round him in bis Protestant Churoh, in th< lapsing of .its tenB of thouxands into agnos tioism pure and simple, through the oontempt whioh so many ministers of bis owti and his sister Churches have oast upon creeds; and what is Mr. Mone.hre de Conway but the logical result of Mr. John Calvin and Mr. Thomas Cranmer ? They taught him te disbelieve by their disbelief, as Luther hat* ended in Strauss. Dr. Moorbouse has eairi that if all men were everything they ought to be there wonld be no necessity for creeds. How jdoes he know that? Has he had speoial revelation from God to that effeot r It iB enongh to oonfute Buoh .a rash dictun> to state it. There is ordinarily no possibli mode of inoulnating Christian dootrine bu< by words: " Faith comes by hearing" thpsi words; and whatever wordB be nsed it> communicating tbe faith, those words would be a creed. A creed is inseparable from Christianity. Even those Protestants, suoh THB IKSEFXNBENIS, or Nonconformiste, who . protested against the retention of the Catholio .creeds by the Churoh of England 300 years ago, and left the Anglican Churoh partly,on aooonnt of her retention of those creeds after having herself broken off from the cbitnmunton of the Catholio Church, in spite of what those creeds Baid a*bout the'unity of the faith and the fellowship of the faithful: bat, having left the Ohnrch of England and hfer despised creeds, .what did the -Nonconformists then dof They .disarranged the sente< ces -of the Anglioan oreed, dropped^ its: phraseology, put it iqto another shape; -but didn't ana couldn't get rid of " dogma/' or a dogmatic expression oi Christian principles'. No, one ever ban get rid ore^d and dogma, unless they beoome Atheists and deny God's existence.'' They inay refltfob the faith' to a iort of doctHnal solution, but dogma'lays at the bottom bf thb dissolved creed. As long 'as any one says "I believe in God" they have dogmatic creed. But. God does not. allow ut to believe of- .Him in any way we may choose; He tells as—He has told us, how we are. to believe of Him. In bygone ages men Spake of .God in .a mod^ ,w}ueli degraded, God, and by, so .doing, demorftiised thepiaelyes. To «SIW mfuikind.frppi thigj^ef^sed condition no dpubt.f or other graciou^purposesnot IWjmaae known ^jji^fl^lMoam? Man^'in Chnst IESJTS. who inaae' revelation' W12 jnen. il&Sil;* ' they set forth in words which''truly £xpress2d the mentfcl concept derived by them frbtn their Master's personal teaching. The God bad revealed by Christ. Tbe apostles did not allow any individual private Christian to GO cnouoe choose words woiuo iw for unuacu himself whereby wuereuy toai that individual might eiprese his . internal belief about God. The apostles, as pastors and ^doctors — of the »J,„1„ whole world, chose words by which the faith was to be heard, accepted, and confessed, and theBe words we call THB APOBTLKS' CBXKS. They could not stir one step towards their mission without a short, clear, precise, and dogmatic statement of the dootrines they were sent to teaoh. This "form of sound words" th»y taught, and then constantly exhorted their oonverts to " hold it fast," and to hold it so fast that" if an angei from heaven came with a different form, they were to reject that angel and his creed." [Galatians.] Dr. Moorhonse, some years ago, warned his flook against dogmas. His lordship did not, of oourae, mean to warn his people against the Apostles' Oreed; but, if we may rely on newspaper reports, I fear his lordship will, by many, be supposed to warn his Anglioan lambs against the Athanasian reed, though his 8th Article, whioh e subscribed ex ammo at his ordinaion, assures him that the oreed called the Creed of St. Athanasius can be proved by most certain warrant of holy soripture. With faots.like thpse before ns, it is impossible to follow Dr. Moorhouse along so eooentrio a pathway as, he seems to have entered on, and is apparently, bent t>n pursuing, in respect of> .the Athanasian Oreed, and therefore in respect . of the Apostles' Creed, whioh i4 the Athanasian Creed with some of itB olauses more exulieitly stated. The Apostles' Creed wbs for 300 years the sole symbol of the Catholic Faith as delivered by Christ to His apostles, *nd by them to those whom they baptized -ifter due instruction ia the oreed. B .t, as foretold by our Lord, the tares got amongst the wheat. The statements^ the truths, or tbe dogmas of the oreed were wrested into false directions. One said that Father, Son, and Holy Ghost meant three G-ods. The Cburoh said, No; only One God in three xpocw/ra or persons. Another said Christ's body was not human desh, but only a spectre body or phantasm. The Churoh said this was false, and that Christ had a real human body. Some .laid that Christ had not a human <<<<ul, for his divinity supplied the place if HOIII in him. No, said tbe Cburoh, Christ is true man, with a reasoning souL like! ill men. Then some said Christ had only one Nature in him, for the Godhead and be Mauhood were blended into one. No, aid the Churoh, the two natures were nut '•leaded, but united. Christ had Two Pur-. <ons, said Nestorius, nephew of Paul of Siuosata ; He had the person of God and„tbe person of Man, and only the person of Mm •vas born of the Virgin Mary. This gave rise to great disputes, and the Church met in Counoil at tbe city of Ephesus, and deoided nd deolared that tbe Apostles'' Creed meant hat it was not man who was born' of M^rf, -iut God in the nature of man, and therefore hat Mary was Qeoroxds, The Mother of God. Aud so of all other dogmas, or divine truths in the Apostles' Creed: when subtle critics perverted them tnd denied them, the Catholio Churoh in Council, presided over by the Supreme Head, the Popn,oon(radioted (he falsifiers by •tating and affirming the trn* doctrine, being <uided in thin duty by the Holy Ghost, who iwells in her and has appointed her the mardian of His truth as deposited with her. Dr. Moorhouse has been lecturing lately on r.be " prinoiple" of the bouk of Job, and on the "prinoiple" of the Apooalypae. By principle his lordship means nothing more than his own particular viewof a f« w chapters. As used by his lordship, the Word "principle" is made to convey an erroneous idea, ind if this use of it be persisted in, the word ' principle'' may beoome a kind of slang term. His "prinoiple" .was anything but a deep theological exposition of the two great facts', >ruths, or dogmas which now ooncern the Church in our days. The Evangelist St. John was commanded by his dear Lord, who loved him so well when on earth, to write it book ; hence we have the. Apooalypse. The ot'jeot of the book was twofold—1st, a temporary one, namely, to oomfort the Catholif) Church in the amifttibn .she Was th^n'enf during: 2nd, a permanent object, namely.to to confirm the CKuroh for all ag^s jn ljer belief of the ikfiiWjuroif and of the BJfWflTF OF MAST i»s he "saw a great wonder In Heayeja:,^ [yvvi)] a queenly lady/oldthed witji'tjip «ug| and the moon beneath her ieet; and on^e^ head a crown of twelve stars and'^gtpii. IphegUS, — ; 4 ^ .. Mote, any doubt of who, # pould they f She iaS liyj?| with St^Jtihp in wir city for seveTaijyears.,*^ tier overflowing gracpf i^jf^Ofl M.rPSf^ Who. else is ^t biit Psalp^isi ^ ' J s m k. J<ihri's virtioh [P»alm., •• j _«.• • 'a-™ A i. J.' * I A crpwp of giory on "ft-i . While Urbelo^all Their sleuay palms.the xansaSiKS*.. _ ,«>P speaks « . --- "> Dim, and than t„1 A"J ti 68 ™ 8 off ,epeflklnjr " , wfth W1TD Ht ' .A tt P° stle il<, f ^o^s him riding kt ae if j " , £ " *TXA , I ^ctorious froni a field of battle baited l •he host of heaved as King of Kin J'iii So that the true " principle 0f Apocalypse is, that this"Lord God ll® mighty is He who was born of , Msry cf Nazareth, and that, having fi^i,; vanquished, tbe Serpent and his brood He appoints his Virgin Mother to a plaife 0f honour next Himself in heaven, thereby ionferring a dignity upon her which maltcs her queen of all the angelic realm, whe^e k\to dwell the whole multitude of the redeemed and saved, her saintly spiritual children ever with the Lord. How is it that Dr. Moorhouse didn't see this "principle" j n tie Apocalypse on his late trip into the cloudi t Did he shut his eyes against the sight of the great wonder in heaven ? If he did not, he takes care to omit all mention of the principle from his six lectures, .and I fear for the self-same reason which makes him so willing to omit the Athanasian Creed from his Protestant Anglican and truly scriptural book of Mornirig Prayer. October 30, 1883. 