THE GARDES AND THE FIELD. (BY AGRICOLA.) PLANT GROWING UNDER SHADE IT is generally admitted that the cultivation of mauy plants under shade can bc done very advantageously, but as yet no special effortB are made to increase sucli faciltics. The advantages to bc derived from shade for plant growth are two-fold, creating artificial cool- ness in the eoil for the ruote. and reducing evaporation to a minimum. Tn obtain both these advaotages the shade cratud for tho 1>urpose must be tleâd. A liviiu ra-ie nf uiiy lind is a serious and fatal inisukt:. In the first place any living plant climbing over supports, or a tree which supporta itself, is already occupying all thc suil within a certain radius with itB roots, and these aro ever actively sucking up all thc moisture and nourishment to be had so that any small plants within that radius arc necessarily Btarved. Nor is this thc only evil they suffer from. Foliage of any kind when vigorous, destroys the light passing through it by filtration, thereby absorbing the bulk of its vitalising particles and only allowing tho waste rays to reach the plantB below. This is quite as serious a matter as the deprivation of necessary moisture and the two losses are irretricrble and cannot in any way be compensated for by artilicial means. It may bc thought that watering will do it to some extent, but it is not so. Water supplied at a dry time is immediately taken up ky the thousand and one rootlets of thc larger plant ami the small things arc unconsciously starved. This strong caution ÍB very necessary if those seeking to boconie successful cultivators under shade aro to have a ghost of a chance. Dead shade then is the only proper thing. It may be provided after thc manner of a kath house, as recommended in a previous article, or in any other way that ingenuity may suggest. A very simple method which has latterly come under my notice is much as follows. Sticks about li in diameter and Cft. long are driven into the ground about 18 inches, allowing then to hang over the bcd requiring shade. These should bo from 3 to 4 feet apart and to finish it leafy boughs are twined in out from bottom to top. To make nil this effectual this wicker work must run from east to west, and whon allowed to hang over the bed the rays nf a vortical sun are broken. Such shading will bu found very eervicable for the bed of rhubarb, for the early sowing of flowers, seeds, for the growing of salads, and for providing the existence of the popular flowers which belong to a cooler clime, such as pansie», daisies, violets, asters, stocks, cinerarias, calceolarias and many others. ThoBe who arc fond of these flowers should make some such pro- vision for their floral pets. 