Terrible Disaster at Sunderland. 200 Children Suffocated. A sad calamity, which has never been equalled in this country, either in regard to its great extent or the singularity of its circumstances, occurred in Sunderland on the afternoon of June 1G, by which about two hundred children lost their lives. The greater number of the children were from five to twelve years of age. A con juring entertainment, known as "The Fays," was given to an audience of school children, which filled the vast building called the Victoria Hall. The gallery in particular was crowded to its utmost ca pacity with children, who had been ad mitted to a special performance at a charge of one penny. The following will show the nature of the attraction:—" Vic toria Hall, Sunderland.—On Saturday af ternoon, at three o'clock.—School ticket. —The Fays will give a grand day per formance for children; the greatest treat for children ever given. Conjuring, talk ing waxworks, living marionettes, the great ghost allusion, &c.; This ticket will admit any number of children on payment j of one penny each ; reserved seats, 2d. ; nurse or parent with children, 3d. Prizes. —Every child entering the room will stand i a chance of receiving a handsome present of books, toys, &c.;" The entertainment passed off very successfully, and at the ' (dose the occupants of the gallery rushed to the lower part, where holders of prize tickets were to receive the prizes to which they were entitled. It was at this moment the dreadful calamity occurred. While the children were rushing downstairs a door on a landing by some means became < closed, the result being that the children, pressing forward with impetuosity, fell upon each other in a dense mass. A fear- j ful scene at once ensued. The unfortu nate victims shrieked and cried for aid ; but those behind, pressing on, fell upon those in front, until a heap of struggling children gasped and died. Steps were at to the area and the dress-circle, where they were laid out for identification. The frightful news quickly spreading, the hall was soon besieged by an excited crowd, among whom were parents of children who were known to have been in the place. Sunderland lias never before wit nested so heartrending a scene as was pre sented by mothers shrieking and strug gling to obtain an entrance to the building j in order to recover their children. A j number of medical men were promptly on the spot, and the victims were re moved to the Infirmary, the Palatine Hotel, and other places in the vicinity. Words cannot picture the extent of the awful catastrophe, nor the scenes that were witnessed when the accident became known. It would appear from the state ments made that at least 1100 children were in the gallery of the hall at the time of the disaster, and that occurred in coti sequence of the excitement caused "by the distribution of prizes in the area. Those in the gallery rushed down the stairs, and the door, which opens against the wall hieing the bottom, in some way or another | got almost closed. The staircase is wind ing from the gallery, and those above could not tell what was causing the block below. They, therefore, came on in full force down the stairway, about 7 feet wide, until they were heaped up in an indiscriminate mass of struggling and dy ing children. Behind the door a bolt en tered a hole, and prevented it either clos ing entirely or going back. It could not have gone back, however, such was the terrible strain beliind. The hallkceper . saw that something was wrong, and on rushing round to the door he found the bolt in. There being no chance of doing anything to save the children but by pull ing them through the two-feet aperture, he rushed up to the upper dress circle landing, and tried to divert the Btream of j children in that direction. Happily in this he succeeded to a great extent, but the crush was torrible notwithstanding. He then hurried back to the door, where so many were dying, and pulled them out, in the wildest excitement. A man named Frank Raine was passing at the time, and ; he was called upon to render aid. This he did to his utmost, and there would be, be says, at least two hundred behind the door. The difficulty experienced was in getting the little sufferers out of the pas sage between the outside door and that j behind which they were jammed. Dr. Waterson arrived, and he, too, strained 1 every nerve to get the children out of the lobby as they were pulled through by Graham. He also helped to pull them through, some of them being dead and some living, but the latter in a helpless condition. So soon as they had been ex- j tricated, parents were admitted, and it j was sad to see them finding their little ones, and taking them away in cabs. The conduct of the cabmen was beyond all; praise. So soon as the calamity was known tliey hurried to the hall, and bore away as quickly as possible the grief Btricken parents and their burdens. Those who were not immediately iden tified and taken away were stretched out in rows to await enquiring friends. Only a certain number of people were admitted at a time, and as they carried their chil dren to the cabs outside the misery of the scene was terrible to witness. The Queen sent a wreath to Sunderland to be placed among those which have been deposited upon the paves of the victims in the sad disaster, and expressed a desire to be re presented at any public demonstration to ! express sorrow at the event. An import-1 ant statement has been made by the man ! •who distributed the prizes to the children. He contradicts the allegations made by others to the effect that he bolted down the door only partially open, and thus I caused the fatal crush. The manager of a Japanese troupe which recently gave a ! series of performances in the Victoria j Hall, writes :—" 1 do not impute blame j to anyone, but, as a proprietor and di- j rector of public entertaiments, with an ex- 1 perience extending over upwards of 25 j years, and being most intimately ac- ; quainted with the construction and re sources of the Victoria Hall, in the gal levy of which I have had upwards of 2000 children, I have no hesitation in saying that the accident was in every way avoid able had but the most ordinary precau tions been taken to regulate the exit of the children. I do hope that Bteps will be immediately taken to enfore the open ing outwards of all doors of places of amusement, as has been done in. Aus tralia." 