MELBOURNE. (FROM OCR OWN- CORRESPONDENT.) Saturday, 14th April Tho members of tha Salvation Army, since the recent discomfiture of their leader in the Police Court, have been buoyed up by the hope that the conviction would not stand the ordeal of tl>> Supremo Court, but that hope has been disa't pointed, for to-day Judge Higinbotham affirm^ the decision of the magistrates. The principal grounds upon which Mr. Hodges based his appli cation to quash wero that the summons disclosed two offences, viz., not obtaining permission'to have tho procession and not giving proper notice of it; that the by-laws were only intended to apply to special occasions, and that the corporation had gono beyond their power in framing the by-lav under which tho conviction was obtained." His Honor did not consider any of the objections tenable and refused to quash the conviction. Tho " Haunted Stream" will probablv l» visitid beforo long by beings much moro substantial than tho ghosts to which it owes its name, seeing that the track recently opened up by direction of tho Miuing departmsnt has led to.tho discovery of .auriferous quartz near the banks.of that singularly I named river. The now discovery is situated about half way between Bairnsdala anil Omeo, and Mr. A. W. Howett, tho local goldfields' warden, in his report for last month informs the Minister that ha has hoard very fnvorablo reports of the reefs, al though ho has not yet had an opportunity of paying a porsonal visit to tho spot. A man, who gave his name as Edward Allen, was arrested this morning on suspicion of at tempting to rob tho English and Scottish Bank at Brighton. For tho last few days suspicious characters have been observed about the premises, and recently a watch-dog was found to have lxvn injured about tho head. About one this morning a man knocked at tho bank door, and the manager, who bad been on tha alert, seized him, and handed him over to tho police. Au action Was brought in the County C-mrt to day 011 behalf of a girl named Annie I'ago against Jolin O'Sullivan, a bootmaker, to recover 111) damages for injuries caused by the bite of a dog. It appeared from plaintiff's evidence that whilit at tho defendant's shop a do" which was chaned up seized her by the leg, nnd hold her until some one drove him off. The defence was that tho girl was into a room, in which she had boon cautioned not to go, and that sho was awaro tho dog was there. Tho result was a nonsuit. The Collingwood police are engaged in dragging the Ynrra for the body of a woman who is" sup posed to have committed suicide from the fact of a bonnot and parasol having been fonnd by tha water's edge. A lady residing at Carlton, the wife of a Presbyterian clergyman, is missing, and someono who has seen the parasol believes it to be her's. Thoro seems too much reason to fear that the missing lady has destroyed herself. The water trusts—or at all events some of those bodies—are growing impatient at the delay which has occurred in placing funds at their disposal, for tho purposes of their works either in progress or contemplation. A sort of " striko " has set in, tho head and front of tho initiation of which ap pears to liavo been the water trust at St. Amaud, which body it appears has been urging other trusts to discontinue all action in connection with their works 011 the 30th of May unloss the money con sidered to be due to them from the State is placed at their disposal prior to that date. The Swan Hill trust, was, I understand, tho first to fall in with tho suggestion, and that of Avoca has now followed suit. The bone of contention between the trusts and tho department. has reference to the production of vouchors, the Government insisting upon tho presentation of such documents before issuing the necessary funds. On the 2nd of March a rather extensive burg lary was committed at the residence of Jlr. James Miller, Flinders-street. Mr. Miller locked up to house as usual on tho date mentioned, andncst morning ho missed a portmanteau, containing a quantity of jewellery, two twenty-pound and two ten-pound notes, tho valuo of the whole exceeding £flO. A day or two afterwards a young man named James Browning sold somo of tho stolen valuablos to a pawnbroker, aud upon returning t» tho place again was arrested. He was brought up on l'riday inorninj, and committed for trial. '' ■" stealing a watch from a drunken mail the prisoner was sent to gaol for a year. , Marine excursionists will be pleased to heartna the now paddlo steamer Lonsdale has come to port safely. Tho vessel is constructed of steel, ana fitted up in first-class style. She called at Ircc* mantle, and was brought on from thence by Messi-"; Ross and Frayne, the purser and chief engineer"; tho Macedon, which was recently wrecked on tni. West Australian coast. , Tho investigation made by Mr. Johnson, tu Government Analyicai C'noinist, does not sljlirK!r; tho theory that Mr. John Kelleher■ intcnde < poison his wife, and he has therefore been release from custody. 