Hire §§i)&edI;<Mt». LITERATURE. LETTERS AND MEMORIALS OF JANE WELSH CARLYLE. This apparently closes the aeries which Rtegan ■with Carlyle's Reminiscences of his Father, of Edward Irving,, and of his. Wife, ■end which Was continued in the two volumes that'told the story, of the first forty years of <3arlyle's life. Dr. John Carlyle and Mr. Forater, the two oo-erecutors _ with _Mr. Froude, having died before the instructions "On which they were to 'act could be carried ■out, the survivor had to decide-alone as to the pnhlication of these memorials, and we think that on the whole the .pnblio will be glad that he did so. The letters are bright .and interesting in no'small degree; they present to us a very capable,'affectionate, .and charming woman, and though they record, in the words of her husband's epitdfeh, more sorrows than are common," they show too a clearness of discernment, and a noble loyalty of heart. ■ If the ** soft invincibility''for a/period gave -way under .'great bodily'and. .mental strain we think we see .that she recovered it, and -the old tone of deep affeotion towards her tusband. return- There is nothing more ■evident in the whole than that Jane Carlyle would have been more dissatisfied, if less un happy, with an inferior husband, and the get>uine admiration which she felt for i Cui ivle's conscientious work and lofty aims I -oi-jiht to do away with the current idea that this is merely a chronicle of a woman's i anrtyrdom. She might have shared her hns buuit's work with advantage to both, and be. ii more than the watchful sentinel, the in genious housewife, the brilliant hostess. We think ehe might have written sketches, tales^ andciiticumswhichtvouldbaveearneJ money . and made the Creugeuimttooh and Chelsea housekeeping more liberal and her own life less laborious; but what is done is done, -and no one lamented hie mistakes and his . shortcomings aB her huBband did. We wish the answers to her letters, or some of them, had been ehown. It a as love, not fear, that i ■made Mis. Carlyle not relish her. breakfast en Sunday at Trosta Rectory without her morning letter; it was solicitous love that .made her feel so grieved When for the first time for twenty years of married life she was not at 6, Cheyne Walk, Chelsea, to welcome hiB homecoming; ..aud though ehe gives .graphic descriptions of what she"went through with painters, and paperhangers,and carpenters, when she superintended work :men during his yearly holiday, we do' not 'think that'asageherarthingslie grudged these pains. The warning to a young friend not to marry a.man of genius—lor 'though ■Carlyle had exceeded- her wildest hopes, \- «he was miserable—must h ive been given iu those evQ days' when her husband spent the •scanty leisure he took' fruit 'his " terrible. inevitable, unutterable" Freldricb in the . brightest and most ■ rtimulating society open <to him which-he met at Lady Ashbnrton's. And she, sick in body; and all her sufferings ■intensified by. preternatural sleeplessness, ■ chafed at the life she had led and the fruit less sacrifices she appeared to have made. A journal kept under these ciroudistances 'by any wife in the world would, as she her ■ self confesses, show the worst aide of her 'Situation. Your journal all about feelings aggravates whatever, is morbid and facti tious about you; and what Carlyle felt when he read this journal no .feeble nature can conceive. With these -preliminary remarks We proceed to take up the nanative after the removal to Cheyne How, where the Carlyles lived out their lives. And here we see her beautiful thrift and re source beautifying their humble home. We .see J. S. Mill and Leigh Hunt and other note worthy men and women finding them out; we notice the war against waste, the mar vellously small limit to which they kept -down their expenses while Carlyle worked at his " French Revolution" and his lectures, -and his " Cromwell." One of the first strong -.friendships made by husband and wife was -with Johni Sterling, who had a very high -opinion of Mrs. Cariyle's capacity. It ap peared to him, as to us, that she might have taken to literature in those davs. And besides its money aspect this would have givenher a .natural safety-vadve for her thoughts and ■little discontents. She threw herself out a .great deal in conversation; not so much in Carlyle's presence, for he took the lion's ■share of the talk, but when be was at work ■and she received company. In her first letter to Sterling she says :-~ "Far from being offended by your dissertation on the Sartor, I think it the best that has been said or sung of him. Even when your -criticism docs not quite fall in with my views I still love the spirit of the critic. For in-j stance, I am loth to believe I married a pagan, but I approve entirely of the warmth with I -which you warn your friend againBt the de- i lusion of burning pastilles before a statue of Jupiter and tuch like extravagances. I sup pose it is excessively heterodox, and iu a ] Catholic country I should be burnt for it, but! to you I may safely confess that I care almost! nothing about what a man believes in com parison with bow be believes. If history be correct it is much better for himself, but its intensity, its efficacy, is the ground on whioh I love and trust bin.." We feel in an old-world atmosphere when we bear the fiequent allusion to franks to. save the heavy postage, and going from Dum fries to London, partly by coach and partly by Liverpool steamer, to save expense, taking' forty to fifty hours to the journey. In the midst of her household cares, with ■an icdiffereat servant, iter eager desire to know, which had distinguished her from a child, made her Btudy Italian. " I never feel anything like youth about me except when I am learning something, and when I am turn ing over the leaves of my Italian dictionary I could fancy myself thirteen, when I am turned of thirty, which is something plea sant." They bad French and Italian refugees for fjtquciit visitors—notably 'Mazzinl-—full of lilots and schemes for the libefation of Italy. Such as their fare was the guests were wel come to share ft, and Leigh Hunt appreciated their porridge supper, though he demanded sugar in addition to the milk, which Scotch |ieoi;le consider sufficient accompaniment. But when one p'f these refugees came Belf-invited . to due when Bhe was alone ! and ; to, share, "her' fried sole and I her pettitoes, saying every, now audi then " 0, que j'ai fam"—" How hungry I am"—the Scotch domestic took it more | coolly than her mistress, for as she said, " No i matter what there was or was not he could aye make the bread flee." It was very | gradually that their means increased. The very first proceeds for the "French devolution" came through Emerson from America—£50—the first instalment of the profits of a Transatlantic edition. Mrs. Carlyle makes fun of their poverty In earlier daya She makes fun in her letters over the incubation of a new book, and the collections of cartloads of books and stale papers which are the first proceeding, though in practice it was scarcely, fun. "There is no help for it, however; a man cannot hold hia geniuB as a sinecure." So she submitted to all his trials and changes of rooms in which to write his "Cromwell," "he having bound over the young lady next door to abstain religiously from playing till 2 o'clock, when the heaviest of his work was over, by the most seductive letter ever penned." The piayfnlness went very much out of her letters about the middle of this series, although she was still sharp and observant of the absurd side of things. Her health never was robust. Whether, as Caroline Fox says, she originally injured it by_ mental strain when she, an ambitious girl, was kept at full working powers by such tutors as Edward Irving and Thomas Carlvle, or whether, as we think more probable, the mischief was done by the uncongenial hard physical work and intellectual isolation at Craieenputtoch, she was by no means a robust woman when she began London life, j In 1838 she writeB, apprehensive of being hard up:—" It was dreary, work last winter, though by incredible precautions I kept myself perpendicular, and the winter before ] is hoi rihie to tbink of. A single woman may be laid up with comparative ease of mind, but in a country where a man is allowed only one wife, and needs that one for other pur poses than men should, it is a singular hard ship for all parties when she gives way so as to be rendered wholly ineffectual;" j It was very long before she could get away ! for a visit to Scotland, and the description of her visiting Haddington incognito, and think ing it so dull and deserted and miserable. An infant school was in the old schoolhouBe where Edward Irving had taught: but still there were some who recollected her good father, and said his death was the greatest Iobb ever .came to the place. As for Miss Welsh, she heard she had married, gone to England, and died there -the tastiest young j lady in the place, not to say proud, but reserved. This made her feel more like her own ghost than before. Her aunts—her . mother!® sisteia—she was disposed to keep aloof "from, for they were the narrowest of religionists, and would he always fretting themselves about the peril of her soul—with a pagan husband she had become to them a very heathen. But, after all, in this and subse quent visits they were not verv hard ou their niece, who shielded herself by pretexts of headaches, &c;„ from over-much preaching and praying. She had a great dislike to forma and dead ceremonies—the spiritual life depended on other things. In visiting Troston, which was a living given to Reginald Buller, the stupid and lazy man of the family, who had no vocation for this office, who bought hiB sermons and read the service, she gives a most graphic account of his sensations. Of the four hundred and fifty souls who were supposed to be Baved by his means only about thirty or forty poor people were at Church. Old Mr. Builer, who waa a little deaf, shielded himself behind his high-railed pew, and read a French novel. Mia. Bailer told Mrs. Carlyle that Reginald bought and did not compose his own sermons, adding, with her natural sincerity, it was so much the better for the congregation. " It is wonderful how little faculty is needed for reading prayers ; the bought sermon was read with a noble dis dain of everything in the nature of a stop, pausing just when the parson needed breath at the end of a sentence or the middle of a word as it happened. Anything so like the burial-place of revealed religion yon have never Been nor a rector more fit to" read its burial service." This was in 1842. Probably the new blood has reached Troston, and the Church bells are used for morning and even ing prayers, and not to warn the gleaners to begin and end their work. (To be continued.) 