POETRY. LUKE-COLORADO PARK, 1873. BY BBET HARTB. Wot'sthat you're re«dlii'?-a novel? A novel-well duo mj aklj ! Ton a m*o grown and bearded, and blitin' such staff ex that Id Stuff about gale and their sweethearts! No wonder you're thin ez a knife. Look at me !-clar two hundred-and never read one in my life! That's my opinion o' novels. And ez to their lyin round here, They belonged to the Jedge's daughter-the J edge who came up last year On account of bis lungs, and tbe mountains, and the balsam o' pine and fir ; And bis daughter-well she read novels, and that's what's the matter with her. Yet she wm sweet on the Jedge, and stuck by htm day and bight, Alone In the cabin up yer-till she crew like a ghost, all White, She was only * slip ot a thing, ez light and ez up and away Ez rifle-smoke blown through the woods, but she wasn't my kind-no way ! Speakln' o' gals-d'ye mind that house ez you rise the hill, A mile and a half from White's and jlst above Hat* llngby's mill ? Ton do t Well, now, that's a gal! What, you saw her f O, come now, tbar quit! She was only bedev'iln' you boys, for to me die don't cotton one bit. But what was I ta'kln' of f 01 the Jedge and his daughter-she read Novels tbe whole day long, and I reckon she read them alted, And sometimes she read them out loud to tbe Jedge oa the porch where he sat, And 'twas bow " Lord Augustus " said this, and how " Lady Blanche" she said that. But the sicklest of all that I been), was a yarn that they read 'bout a chap, " beather-atocklQg " by name, and a hunter chock full o' the greenest o' sap ; And they atked me to hear; but I says:" Hiss Mabel, not aDy for me ; When I likes 1 kin s ing my own lies, and thet chap and I shouldn't agree. Tot somehow or other she was always sayin' I brought ber to mind Of folks about whom she had read, or luthln' belike id thet kind, And tbar wam't no end o' the names that she gave me tbet summer up here, .« Bobiu Hood," " Leather-stocking," " Bob ."Boy " 0,1 tell you, tbe critter was queer. And yet ef she hadn't been spiled, she mi .harmless enough in ber w»y ; She could jabber in French to her did, and they Mid thet she knew how to play, And the worked me that ehot-pouch up thar-which me man doeea't liv ex kin use. And slippers-you eee 'em dowayer-<z would cradle an Ingln's papoose. Yet along o' them novels, yon see, she was wastin' and mopin' away, And then ehe got shy with her tongue, and at last had nothing to say; And whenever I happened around, her lace it was hid by a book, And It warnt until she left that the gave me ex mock ezalook. And this was the way it was: It was night when I kem up hare To say to 'cm all "good bye," for I reckoned to go lor fleer At "sun up "the day they left. So I shook 'em all by the hand, 'Cept Mabel, and she was sick, ei they gave me to un derstand. But Jast eel pawed the bouse next morning at dawn, some one. Like a little waver o' mist, got up on the hill with the sun: Hiss Uabel it was, alone-all wrapped in a mantle o' l*oe And she stood there straight in the road, with a touch o' the eun in ber faoo. And she looked, at me right in the eye-I'd seen suthin like it before When 1 banted > wounded doe to the edge o' the Clear Lake shore, And I had my knee on its neck, and list was raisin' my knile When it gave me a look like that-well, it got ofl with its life. "We are going to-day," she said, "and 1 thought I would say good-bye To you in your own house, Luke-these woods and the bright blue sky 1 You've always been kind to us, Luke, and papa has tonnd you still AS good «s the air he breathes, and wholesome as Laurel Tree Bill. "And we'll always thick of you, Luke, as the thing we oould not take away The balsam that dwells in the woods, the rainbow that lives In the spray. And you'll sometimes think of me, Luke, as you know you once used to say. As rifle-smoke blown through the woods, a moment, but never to stay." And then we shook bands. She turned, but a sudlsnt die tottered and fell. And I oanght ber sharp by the waist, and held her a mlott-well, It was only a rnlnit, yon know, that es odd and es white she lay Ec a snowflake here on my breast, and then-well, she melted away A d was gone. . . . Aai&ijnrar;* forliodfe; bptI ~ says not any forme, "v < Good enough may be torsade, bntthetn and I mightn't Thcysptted a decant galas mighttsv iiafls^tiifrp And look^mei-dartwotottiwa "jH'nsysttiad o&tinny; Utel 