;T WICLIFFE. (From the New Zealahd Free Press?) ' ' ' The year that has just closed was . remark able as being; the. year that celebrated two memorable even tain the' history of ' ProCdsjir ahtism— the' fifth century since' John WiclifEe, (or ' Wiclif) ' the .' father ' of the ' Protestant Reformation' in; Erigland, gave ' his 'complete tfanslation of '''.'the" Dible' to the Anfflo-Saxori people' in ' their' own common language, aiid the' last day .of ' the 'year, which/ was the 'anniversary day'Vof Mr. ' WiclifEels' - 'death; which took place on Sunday, Dec. '31st, 1384. fIt is' true' there has. been some, disputing, of 'WiclifEe's fame as a reformer, and as. the translator of tho' Bible, but he undoubtedly has ! the. honour, of having given us , our English Bible. After ; the most careful examinations, 'by competent sciiolars, into the proofs foL and against , tlie ' fame of the re former, in'this matter; by enemies and friends, there is n'o room to doubt that it was 'lie wlio first gave our nation the Bible in . the common tongue of the people and thus to the vener- ablo WiclifEe belongs the highest fame and honour that lias ever been placed to the credit of any Englishman. " We maintain that the author of the Bible Himself could scarce have bestowed greater honour upon any crea ture of His than selecting one' of thorn to bo the instrument of unlocking tho sealed volume of His Will and Covenant to those who were ahove all others interested for both lives in its precious contents. Indeed those who are most .affected by the Covenant of God, as contained , in His Word; could have no knowledge or conception' of the rich blessings of that Covenant. but. for this Book of Revelation. The vast importance then, of the work of translating the Scriptures into the languaee of tho people' for whom they were intended, was a work which, under the circumstances of the times, God Himself could only havo devised and arranged. And John WiclifEe was the God-made man of tho age, and him, God-fitted and prepared by curious and almost mysterious, methods. of special training and experiences for this special and momentous task. But we have to do here principally with the interesting fact of the. translation of tho Scriptures, or the giving 'of . the charter of the King of tho Universe to man. ... Previous to . tho 7t.li century there wero several known copies. of tho Bible in England, and probably one or two copies in Scotland and Ireland, for it is hardly likely that the Culdee missionaries who itinerated through out these sister lands, preaching ' a pure apostolic Christianity, and immersing those who: professed their faith , in Jesus Christ, would, have left their converts without at least some portions of the written testimony of God's Word. Indeed Lanfranc, the Benedictine . monk of . Normandy,, whom William the Conqueror raised to the See of Canterbury, openly complained to William of these acts of the Culdee preachers. But those copies, wherever they were, wero all in Latin, and, were: therefore inaccessible to the common people. And their fewness rendered it impossible that even more than the smallest fraction of the Romish priesthood, who were tho custodians of tho sacred oracles in the monasteries, .should know anything of their contents ; indeed thousands of these roaming priests were not iware that there. was such a book- as tho, Bible in the . land, and the majority of thom'nevorin their whole lives ever saw a copy of the Word. Tho Church of Rome has. ever so dreaded, aye, even hated . the Word of God, that she d'aro not , trust, it even in.the hands of her own priests, and yet it is a remarkable fact that the copies alio has so_ carefully, secreted 'in her.;cloisters, should have been" after all. used by her own priests as the text-hooks of. those translations 'of tho; Word that liave broken her'tyranny in . tho land where the, first perfect translation was given,, and which will yet, if ' the ! Bible is.permitted to continue a free book, destroy her power in, every land, where her sway is owned. In the;7th centuiry Credmon; an , Anglo-Saxon monlc, .having '.af poetic genius,: gave the scholaRtics'of" his'day'-a few.' 'frag-; ments of Scripture history in tho form of" :drama| beginning with tlie story of creation, and ending1 with the .entranco of the tribes .into f tlie i! promised land; . Then there were . several1 isolated,' attempts at paraphrasing por-.- tions of, the; Word, according' as the fancy of: , tlie, translators dictated.- Among these were: 'Alfric,; and 'Alfred the Great, the latter of: wliotii,1 However only .commenced, .or deter-: "mined' upon , commencing, his work, but died; 'before any portion of it was completed. The venerable Bishop Bede also, in the 6th cen tury, translated into the Anglo- Saxon, from the Latin, the Gospel of John. Bede's effort was one of peculiar interest from the tragic incident that accompanied it— the last verse of the translation only being completed as he lay down and breathed his spirit away to the Being who gave it. He was seized with a severe illness before he had been long at his task, and his anxiety was to finish it before he breathed his' last, an issue he knew-: was certainly drawing near. On the . very day of his death; and with the presentiment on." his mind that' this was his last day, he called his faithful amanuesis to him, as-he lay; in bed, and said, " Take your pen quick, .'take your pen and write." The last day's work' 'com menced, and verse after verse was read in the LaLin, and translated, by. Bede- irito" Anglo- Saxon, the scribe writing every word :down as dictated. by the, translator.: - As" the task was nearly completed/the' amanuesis'!said;-"Dear master, there is , yetioiiejinbre verse;" "'Bede . replied, " Bo quick, "a»id gave the t'ran'sl atioh , which" was>quickly>!written down'.'! 'ThisMonc, ' tlie scribe saidy '. -It is finished:" Bede' replied " Thou has! 'truly said ' it 'isi finished;' ""and gently raising his hands/and with his dinining eyes piercing into the'unseen; he(breathed>his "lasth'n" these, words, ;Glory be to tlie Father, and to the;Son,!and to" the'Holy Ghost;""'" . :For;somo centuries/until- the'day of:."Wic- -liffe; thero' was lio more any translating'of 'the Word of God .for tho uso-of' tket people; "-"It- fell to'theilot'of : the'Moses of the' Reforma- tion,'"a3 Wicliffo litis been called; to- lead'the ; way 'for the Ehglisit nation, out of ? tlie" dnrlr- iiess:and hbndagejbf 'ignorance and:;supersti- : tion, into the light, liberty, and knowledge of God. 'Dr; Wylie,' :says-: — " Wicliffe's ' idea was 'to give: the whol e 'Bi ble i n 1 th o vern acu lar to'the people'of "'England; so that every man in the ireahn/might: receive " in ''the ' tongue wherein he wast born the wonderful tworks "of God. No on'o iti " England -' had > thought" of such -a - thing 1 before./As one -who turns away from the sun guides his steps >. by the light of a taper, so- die the men of those days turn' to" tracli tion," to' the:schoIastic:phiosophj',, to Papal-infallibility t; /even as 'their ' repre - 8entatives;of -thikday _dosire! to do '-'but'1 tho more they fbllowed'these 'guides' the1 farther they strayed from the, true path. , ' God was in tlie world : "the Diviiie light was in the pavil ion Aof tlie Word,:' h'nti: no - one - thought'' 1 o f drawing aside" tlie ' curtain ;'and letting- that light 'shine ;upon the path of men. This was the achievement Wicliffe now set himself' to do. '1 "If - he';could accomplish this hei-would do nioroto placethe: liberties of England on an immutable foundation and raise his- country to greatness; - than would a hundred vic tories." -v ' - And this mightiest of all1 roforms was achieved by Wicliffe, during the few ycars o'O an "already wearied life -;6f ;toil:' in other branches ' of the : Protestant 'reformation, 1 'of wliich ho was the Moses. ' In his quiet rectory, at Lutterworth, in Leicestershire, he'laboured, aided by Dr. 'Nicholas de HerofortlJ of Oxford, whose special share: in the work was the ; translation ' of a largo portion of " the Old : Testament, which Wicliffe- revised, until lie completed his task. No sooner -was" his' mighty task finished than': scores ;of ready writers came forward, and; printing being as yet unknown, copies of the. original transla tion wlere multiplied in whole and in' part, to tlie order of hundreds of persons; who eagerly desired to secure a copy that' they might read, mark and learn the wonders'of this now life. Those who possessed these copies rejoiced as though they had como to possess a! Kingdom. : The wayof life had been dark to them-; it had been obscured by priestly ignorance an'd . superstition, and now the path was clearly ; revealed to 'them, and they could see, it and i boldly enter upon it ' without ' hinderance. ' The " One Mediator" of the now1 Covenant took the place of the many' false mediators of Rome; and thoso who realised this were glad. I It was principally the yeomon ,of England: who seized this new life that a free Bible gave to them. The class that "wrung Magna . Charta from King John,— tho truculont dupe of Pope Innocent III, was tho most promising strata of the nation's life to become imbred with tho liberty .-which the Gospel brings; and yet tho most terrible for Rome to contemplate. It.waB not long before Archbishop Arundel, as head of an English Council, sent forth his mandate, aB follows : — " That no one- hence forth do, by his own authority, translate any text of Holy Scriptnro into tho English language; nor lot any such book or treatise now lately composed in the: time of John Wicliffo: aforosaid, or since, or hereafter to bo composed, be read , in whole or'in part, in: public or in privute, under pain of the greater; excommunication," The meaning of all this' was, thatthe people of -England wero 'never; to have either in whole or in part'a version of: the word .of God that they could rea'd in.their; common tongue. And -"this; was Rome's doiog ! But when this fulmination of Rome fell upon Wicliffe lie had passed; to" his " great reward." At tho very moment almost; of his death he was engaged in (writing an epistle to Popo Urban, excusing Himself from answering in person that -Pontiff's- summons to present himself:1befbfe;'the Roman Curia, to answer charges of heresy.that, had been in- .Btituted against' him, ' as' a ; preliminary to the faggot and stake 'already' prepared' for him. He did better however than going to Rome — his summons came ffom.,a liighor court; and: his spirit obeyed only, wo should imagine, :too willingly. But though his tongue -was silent in death, the letter hie "wrote to Urban made" moro noise 'throughout the world than his voice. could have done, had he gone to Rome in person; for .his words would have been! drowned in.the clamour of .his'.- persecutors,; while his "written: epistle:' was destined to bo preserved among the archives of tho Vati- can, and the sermon he therein pr.eached has had telling effect upon those 'into whoso hands if fell, in furthering a spirit' of enquiry into the dogmas of the Church lie thereiri!lso boldly controverted. " One illustration of Wicliffo's.clear and fear- loss defence of his own position"1 arid tho intrepid onslaughts he' made upon his persecu tors must suffice for the'present time, though the subject is teeming with':inustratidn8Tlwe would like tb give. "The "Mendicant5 Monks whom he so" rigorously denounced said'/of him' that ; " he; was a heretic; a' sa'cfeligioiis rnan ;1 he 'had'boramitted ;a'crime ,iinknq.wh:! to . former 'ages he hacilbroken; 'into' tlio? 'templo aiid 'stoletf the sacred vessels; 'lie'-'ha'd fired th'o " House5 of 5 God,"!l because'' he'' had ' rifled- ;tho ololsteav of ;'tlie '"hidden - Sbfiptures; ' and "had restored ' them' to' the 'people' to ' whom ' they 'belonged. Tn reply to" this' sweeping ,accusa- tian, -Wioliffb calmly and ritranquiliy < looked his cruel foes; in the' face and'said ; — " You say that- it .is ! heresy -ito'l spbalfr - of the Holy Scriptures in English; You call mo a heretic <because>I have translated' the 'Bible into 'the common tongue of the people; ' Do you lcuow when '.you- 'blaspheme ? ; ''Did ; not" the "Holy -Ghost give the Word, of God 'at first' in" the : mother- tongue of:the nations to'whom it was addressed Whydotyou- speak agajnst- the' - Holy, Ghost ? You say thatdthe" Clhirch of God is in-dangori from'this book;'; How can thatbe? -Is'it not from '-the Bible dnljv-that wei learn God has'-set' up suchi a-'society as a i Church on < the earth;?' "fit is'notthe Bible that gives all lher authority; to-' the" Church'? -It islnotfrom! the -Bible that'we learn ,'whof'is :the '.builder and Sovereign '.of' the 1 Church, i what are the' laws: by1 which' she is to "be g'overned;>and itheTiglits'and privileges'of 'her . members:?' < ..'Without - the (-Bible what 'charter diasithel Church to show for alh these ? " Tt is ;you-. wlio! place the- Church ' fin 'jeopardy 1 by hidingJthe Divine Warrant/ the mis'sivef!royal 'ot the.King,: i'or tlio-authdrity'sho wields and the faithi she enjoins." And -to-day, as in . Wicliff's day, there is one thing,- and 'one thing , only that Rome :dreads dnd! hates,"and -thatfis the Biblej'and'to destroy fit, tand render it 'impossible : for tlie common peoplo to possess'it/'she'Kvoulcl,' this very.; year,, if- she could; 'muko .thoiswhole- Protestant world, one vast' Batliolomow,' if - by soidoing-she could regain the power she once had when the pooplo had no Bible; And false 'Protestants -are, in'this her design, her chief allies ! 