SUPREME COURT—CRIMINAL. [Before His Honor Mr. Justice Boucaut and Juries.] Monday, June 18. The Crown Solicitor (Hon. C. Mann, Q.C.), con ducted prosecutions for the Crown. INDECENT EXPOSURE. George Alfred Palmer, clergyman, was charged with having indecently exposed himself to Lydia Maud Watson on May 29. Mr. Kingston conducted the prosecution, and the Hon. W. H. Bundey, Q.C., with Mr. P. R. Stow, defended. Mr. Bundey asked that his client might be allowed to sit by him for convenience in consultation. His Honor—I do not see any reason why ordinary custom should be departed from. Mr. Bundey—It is customary in cases of mis demeanours. His Honor—That is hardly correct. It is customary in cases of nuisance, quasi civil cases, and a few others, but in similar cases I cannot put one de fendant in the dock and allow another to sit by his counsel. Mr. Bundey—I only ask it for my own convenience. It was done in the case of Shannon, charged with indecent language some years ago. His Honor—In that case I will consent, but only on this condition, that any defendants brought up on the same charge may have the same privilege extended to them. Mr. C. C. Kingston, in opening the case for the Crown, said that the prisoner was charged with behaving indecently to a little girl named Watson, a daughter of Mr. Watson of the Hydraulic Depart ment. It appeared that the girl was going home wheeling a perambulator after having visited a friend, and when she arrived at one of the gates in the East Park Lands the prisoner accosted her, and after having asked her if she knew where a certain place was he committed the offence with which he was charged. The girl then went to some labourers who were working on the tramline, and to them made a complaint. It would be proved that the prisoner was seen loitering about the lands for two hours previously, and when he was arrested two packets of lollies were found in his possession. The Crown would rely chiefly upon the evidence of the girl and the small matters which he had referred to—the loitering about of the prisoner, and the fact of the lollies being found in his pos session, which doubtless were the means by which he intended to induce the girl to accede to his wishes. The conduct of the prisoner after the assault was also significant. He passed from the Racecourse to the Park Lands adjoining on the north, and sat down on a fence. He was pursued by some men and Mrs. Watson with the girl, and on seeing that he could not escape he approached Mrs. Watson and the child, and asked the latter " What did I do to you?" He was replied to by Mrs. Watson, and then the police arrived. He could not imagine what the defence would he, but probably the attention of the Jury would be particularly direc ted to the fact that there was only one eye-witness to the offence. He would remind the Jury that in cases of a similar nature there was rarely more than one witness, and that was the person most in terested, and asked them not to agree to the monstrous proposition that two eye-witnesses were necessary. He also urged them to consider that there was no motive for misrepresentation on the part of the girl, and not to do her any injustice. The prisoner would produce witnesses as to character, and it would be a strange thing if a young man starting in life could not produce plenty of witnesses who would testify to his good character. As to an abominable vice which must be practised in secret, and upon which no man would take another into his confidence, witnesses as to character could be of little or no avail. Mr. Bundey—I apprehend that the case for trial is, has there been an act of lewdness committed before this little girl. His Honor—I must say, Mr. Bundey, simply that Mr. Kingston, who is generally acting on the other side of the Court, is now acting for the Crown, and is in order. Mr. Bundey—I have never heard such a thing before. His Honor—I never heard it from the counsel for the Crown before. Mr. Kingston said that after the intimation from His Honor it would be most improper for him to continue, and he would only say that with reference to such a crime as this he hoped they would attribute to evidence as to character just that amount of weight which under the parti cular circumstances they thought it was entitled to. If they believed the evidence of the little girl, the evidence as to character would be of no avail, and would be simply a matter that might be taken into consideration by the presiding Judge after their verdict had been returned. He then proceeded to call evidence. Richard Watson, surveyor, father of the child, gave evidence as to the geography of the Racecourse. Andrew Murphy stated that he saw the defen dant on the Racecourse about three weeks ago. First caught a glimpse of his side face as he walked through the saddling-paddock, and then, as he turned round, had a short view of his face. He walked towards the Grand Stand down the straight, and did not see him until he was arrested later in the day. Patrick Nalon, a lad, testified to having seen the prisoner on the racecourse shortly before noon on May 29, and also stated that he saw prisoner arrested. He heard the little girl after being cautioned by her mother to be sure and say that prisoner was the man of whose conduct she com plained. John Stannier stated that he met the little girl crying and in a very excited condition about 12 o'clock on May 29, and that she made a complaint to him. He advised her to go to her mother. Mrs. Watson stated that the child complained to her of the offence having been committed, and that on going out to the Park Lands she saw the prisoner sitting on the fence. The girl identified him as the man who had insulted her, and she sent for a police- man. Prisoner come across to her, but said nothing at all to her. Was certain that he did not ask where the offence was committed, and that she did not answer, "On the racecourse." He did not assure her that it was a mistake, nor did he offer to go to the Police Magistrate. Lilian Maud Watson said she was on the way from town when she met the prisoner, who insulted her as she was crossing the racing track, and then went away towards St John's Church. Cross examined by Mr. Bundey—Prisoner was coming from the opposite direction, and was two or three yards off when he spoke to her. Was frightened and excited, and had never seen the man before. The place in which he was when I pointed him out to my mother was much nearer to my home than the place where I met him. He came across when the navvies had spoken to him, and I am not sure whether he said "What did I do to you?" or "Did I do anything to yon?" He offered his card to my mother, who declined it. Do not know whether he said it was a mistake. Do not know whether he had a harsh voice. This closed the case for the Crown. Mr, Bundey asked whether His Honor thought there was any offence. His Honor—How can I say that there is no case ? Mr. Bundey—There is no case at common law, and they have not laid the information under the Statute. Mr. Kingston—It is laid both at common law and under the Statute. Mr. Bundey—This offence is not indictable under the English law unless the lewdness was witnessed by more than one person. As common law, the case must fail at once, and this is shown in the cases of Regina v. Watson, 2 Cox's Crown Cases, 376, and Regina v. James Webb, 1 Denison Crown Cases, 338, in which it was held that it was not sufficient to support a charge of lewdness that the exposure should be witnessed by one person only. Assuming that at common law the case has failed, I appre hend that the same principle is applicable to the statutory offence. The statutory offence, as set forth in clause 315, was not known in England, and I submit that the lewdness must be proved as at common law. Although it is made a statutory offence it only follows the common law, and must be proved in the same way. His Honor— In these cases the Judges seem to say that in a common law information the informa tion will not lie for lewdness unless it was in a public place and seen by more than one person, and you say I must put the same construction on the Statute. Mr. Bundey—Exactly. His Honor—I will take a note of this point and will reserve a case if necessary, but I am against you. Mr. Bundey then proceeded to open the case for the defence, and expressed his excessive feeling of anxiety to properly discharge his duty in such an important case. During the whole course of his experience he had never heard such an extraordinary, and he ventured to say unfair, opening as that of the counsel for the Crown in the present case. The Jury were not there to have their sympa thies raised for the little girl and to have their minds prejudiced against the prisoner, but to be called upon to decide upon the evidence apart from any sympathy. He felt sympathy for the little girl, but it was not for the Crown to prejudice the prisoner, and it was a shame if any attempt was made to lead the Jury away from the facts. He referred to the awful dilemma in which the prisoner was placed, assuming that he was innocent; and he would show that he was not only a minister of the Gospel, but a loveable man, and he asked where was the evidence to warrant the suggestion on the part of Mr. King ston that there had been secret abominable vice. The prisoner was a man of excellent disposition, and, as the Jury could see, had none of the lecherous blackguard about his appearance; and he would show that the prisoner was not the man who committed the offence, and that the girl had made a mistake. He did not suggest that the case was bolstered up, but that the child was under a misapprehension as to the identity of the man. They were asked to find the prisoner guilty on that unsupported testimony, as there was not a tittle of evidence beyond hers as to the alleged offence; and unless the Jury were satis fied beyond a doubt as to the correctness of this un supported statement they must not convict the prisoner. His theory was that the girl had been met and insulted by some low scoundrel, and that she had mistaken the prisoner for the man. No man, unless he was mad, would have done as Palmer was said to have done—that was, to follow the girl up and wait about until he was arrested. Palmer was not mad, and he was not the man, although the girl no doubt honestly thought he was. His behaviour with the navvies was also that of an innocent man, and he urged the Jury to fully weigh the whole of the circumstances. He pointed out that it would be extremely dangerous in cases of this kind to convict men on the unsupported testimony of one witness, and referred to the fact that it was laid down as a principal in the Bible and in old Roman law that more than one witness was necessary to establish a charge against a prisoner. He referred to the evidence on the subject of the identity, and said that the matter was left in great doubt, of which the Jury must give the prisoner the benefit. He indicated what evidence would be given by the prisoner, who, he stated, was entitled to the sym pathy of the Jury for the difficult position in which he was placed. "The Revs. W. R. Fletcher, M.A., F. W. Cox, and D. Paton, and Messrs. T. Caterer, J.P., F. Caterer, George Noices, A. H. Landseer, M.P., and H. C. George, and Miss M. Pearce testified to the high moral character of the prisoner, and to his exem plary conduct for many years past. George Alfred Palmer, the prisoner, said—I am at present residing at Milang, and I am a member of the Congregational Union. I am about to be married, and was going to Western Australia. I was staying at Goodwood recently, and came into town on the morning of May 29. 1 went to the Botanic Park, and stayed there some time. My watch was not going, and I could not properly tell the passage of the time. I went from the Botanic Park up the Frome-road to North- terrace, and thence to Rundle and Flinders streets. I passed through the olive plantation at the end of Flinders street across to Wakefield-street. Went part of the way across the racecourse on the road to Parkside to visit a friend living in Young-street. Heard the whistles sounding in the city, and thought they denoted that it was l o'clock. Then decided to return to town, and proceeded as far as the corner of the Park Lands opposite the Britannia, and waited for the Dequetteville-terrace tramcar. I saw a female and a little girl coming towards me with two navvies. They stopped a short distance from me, and I saw another group of navvies. I went to the group of navvies and asked what was the matter. The third man I spoke to said a little girl had been insulted by a respectably dressed man on the Racecourse. Owing to what I heard I went up to Mrs. Watson and the child, and asked the little girl—" Do you say I have insulted you?" The girl said " Yes;" and I said " You have made a mistake." The girl said, "Did not you ask me the way to some place?" I asked "Where?" and she replied "On the racecourse." I denied it, and said to Mrs. Watson, " You have made a mistake, madam, I assure you." She said, "No, I have not; the child is too old to make a mistake like that." I then said, "I'll go to the Police Court with you and make a statement to show where I have been, and how I came here." She told me to wait until the policeman came. I afterwards went with the policeman. I did not meet that little girl that day. and did not commit the offence complained of. Had never seen the child before that I am aware of. I am a teetotaller. Cross-examined by Mr. Kingston —Had not been on the Dequetteville-terrace tram before. Did not meet any one I knew on the morn ing of May 29, so far as I am aware. Did not notice the time as I was passing from the Botanic Park to the racecourse. I struck from the olive plantation at the end of Flinders-street across towards the Lovers' Walk. I was in about the middle of the racecourse, crossing towards Parkside, when I heard the bells and whistles go. Did not see a child with a perambulator there. Am quite sure that I did not visit some friends living on Kent- terrace on that day. The house of my friend in Parkside is about two minutes' walk from the Glen Osmond-road. Had a black soft hat, a dark overcoat, black coat, and dark trousers and vest. I was not on the course at a quarter past 11 o'clock, nor between 10 and 11 o'clock. Lilian Maud Watson, recalled, said she thought the man who insulted her was drunk, because he was getting out of the mud, and jumping from one side to the other. She did not know what was meant by a harsh voice when in answer to a ques tion in the Police Court she said that the man who insulted her had a harsh voice. Her father had since told her. Mr. Kingston, in addressing the Jury, stated that possibly the remarks which had been made respect ing his mode of conducting the case were deserved, but he asked the Jury to recollect that, it was natural for one in his position to display a certain amount of warmth. He hoped they would sym pathize with him if he exceeded his duty as an advocate, and not to allow any mistake of his to stand in the way of justice being done. He thought the Jury would acknowledge that his re marks in opening respecting the probable line of defence had been fully justified by the stress laid by the defence upon the necessity of having more than one witness of the offence. He agreed to a certain extent with the principle, but to cases such as the present this principle did not apply. If the contention of the counsel for the defence were upheld in cases like that there would be all sorts of outrages on women. Our wives and daughters would be violated and outraged and no protection would be afforded, and he urged that if the Jury rejected the evidence of the little girl that appeared to them as brothers and fathers for justice. He expressed the belief that the man who was supposed to have committed the offence and had led to all the trouble was a creature of the lively imagination of the learned counsel for the defence, and he pointed out the clearness of the evidence as to the identification. He wished the Jury to give the prisoner the benefit of the character he had received, but to also recollect that there was scarcely any clergyman who if he were convicted of an offence of this description would not be able to bring before them similar testimony. He reviewed the whole of the evidence at length, referring particularly to that bearing upon the movements of the prisoner and the circumstance attending the arrest, and made a warm appeal to the sympa thies of the Jury on behalf of the outraged little girl and children and women generally. At the conclusion of Mr. Kingston's speech His Honor said—Mr. Bundey, I shall tell the Jury that to my mind they will act unsafely if they believe the evidence, and perhaps you will not consider it necessary to address them. Mr. Bundey—No, your Honor. His Honor then said—Gentlemen of the Jury—It is of the utmost Importance in this good colony that little children should be protected against the advances of lecherous men, and there is no man but has a feeling of horror and scorn and contempt— you have heard that even the navvies had—for the man who is guilty of conduct of this sort, and no Judge who ever sat is severer in cases of this sort than I have been, and no man would ever insist that little girls shall be protected more strongly than I would. I have a daughter myself very little older than that little girl, and Mr. Bundey has one also; and I hope, gentlemen, many of you have daughters, and that you love them as we love ours, and as Mr. Kingston would love his if he had one, and as Mr. Watson loves his little girl. You are not to be led away, however, from the true question—that is the identity of this man—by pointed, fervent, and burning appeals; and I tell you this, that if appeals of the nature laid before you to-day are to be prac tised in this Court, and if you resolve to follow them without taking heed of the warning of the danger of such appeals, I will not sit here. (Ap plause.) In all my time I have never heard such a denunciation of an unfortunate man at the bar from the Crown as I have heard today (Applause.) I shall have the Court cleared if that noise is repeated. If these noises are to be submitted to when the Judge is approved of such noises will be allowed when the Judge is not approved of, and justice could not be administered. The Sheriff must see that the noise is not repeated. All that I have ever heard in this Court to be complained of on the part of the counsel for the Crown, and all I have ever felt multiplied by a hundredfold, does not equal the pain and sorrow with which I have heard that fierce denunciation by the learned counsel for the Crown to-day, and I intend to censure him severely for it. The learned counsel knows that apart from his conduct to-day I admire his ability, and I wish to go on in a friendly manner with him. Personally I have been friendly with him, and indebted to him for his assistance; but none the less it is my duty to say here that unless the proceedings in the Court are conducted fairly, calmly, and deliberately, especially on that side of the Court, I will not sit here and permit such exhibi tions as we have had to-day. The learned counsel has trampled on the traditions of two centuries, and l have never heard an address so much to be re- gretted, so fatal to the fair administration of justice and the fair consideration by the Jury of the case, as was the appeal to the feelings of the Jury which I have heard from Mr. Kingston to-day. It is my duty to restrain myself, and it was with the utmost difficulty that I did so; and I shall go to bed to-night with sorrow if you convict this man, after the way in which you have been addressed, on the evidence before you. I should not have said this to Mr. Kingston if he had been a junior, but he is becoming a leader of the Bar, and if a man of such high station in the profession is allowed to follow such a dangerous course the results will be most lamentable. We shall return to the days of the Stuarts, when the counsel referred to the prisoners in the strongest possible language of condemnation, and I will not sit here and have it. I warned Mr. Kingston in bis opening to the Jury, but he was much worse in his reply; and I do not think he did me justice by putting me in the terribly painful position in which he has put me. You have heard the Crown Solicitor address Juries, aud you have seen how cases can be put without exciting any unnecessary feeling. Mr. Kingston referred to the action of the tramway men in regard to the prisoner, and had said that he trusted the Jury would act in the same manner and do themselves credit. This amounted to a threat that you would be worse than the tramway men if you did not convict the unfortunate defendant. These are not the sentiments to address, and this is not the style to adopt towards the Jury. The learned counsel made eloquent and burning appeals to you on behalf of female virtue, and you and Mr. Bundey and myself are as anxious to protect female virtue as Mr. Kingston, who said, "If you reject the evidence of this little girl you will reject the evidence of any little girl who may appeal to you as fathers and brothers to do her jus tice." I reprobate anything of this kind, and I will not sit here if you are to be subjected and have your feelings warped, and if I am to have my feelings and conscience warped, by dangerous denunciations by counsel for the Crown. I will try, if I can free from the influence of the anguish I have suffered, to draw your attention to the real question. I warn you most solemnly not to be influenced by the fact that a wrong has been done to a little girl. That is not the question, and the learned counsel for the Crown ought to have told you that. It is the duty of the counsel for the Crown not to put the criminal in the place of the crime. However great the crime may be, the prisoner is not to be de nounced as a criminal because the crime is bad. In proportion as the crime is wicked and horrid so you must the more carefully guard yourself against being led away by passion. The question is—Was this prisoner the man who insulted the little girl ? The question may fairly be put to you as to whether you may believe the child was telling the truth. As Mr. Bundey opened, and it appears to me, the child thought she was telling the truth; and you will, I dare say, be abundantly justified in believing that the little child told the truth in reference to the offence, that some rude scoundrel attacked her. She is a singularly bright and intelligent child, and I think you will be perfectly safe in following her respecting this ; but you will not be safe in coming to the conclusion that she was right in believing that this was the particular man. Are you satisfied that this man, a minister of religion, is actually the man who committed the offence? Mr. Kingston pointed out that the prisoner had come into Court to per jure himself, and contradict three witnessesv; but that is not a fair statement in this case. Bis Honor here proceeded to review the evidence of the men who deposed to having seen Palmer on the racecourse, and the circumstances connected with the recognition of prisoner by the little girl on being asked by her mother—" Is that the man?' In connection with this latter point he tsated that this was a most improper way in which to lead up to identifications. He also referred to the state ment made by the prosecutrix as to the harsh voice of the man who insulted her, and to her impression that he was drunk. His Honor, in conclsion, said—I will not give any benefit to a defendant because he is a gentleman or a minister of the gospel that would not be given in the same degree under like circumstances to a man who wore a fustian jacket. There is scarcely a man to whom a good character may not be given at one time or another, and I endorse the expressions of Mr. Kingston regarding this to a certain extent ; but I have heard Judges say that the probabilities of the case must be weighed as well. You would look at the case of a drunken, idle loafer who has been belore convicted in a very different way from what you would look at such a case as this. In weighing the probabilities of the case you must consider that a minister of religion may have done this, but also to think whether a man with the feelings of a gentleman could so far forget what is due to the man—who walks upright on the earth, and does not creep as a serpent—as to commit the offence. Ten times the imprisonment the law permits would not be too much for a man who so far forgets himself as to daily play the hypocrite, to go into the pulpit and warn others, and to teach children, and then fall himself into such a horrible abyss of sin. I shall always say if prose utors are represented not here by the ordinary counsel, but by private counsel—and you find in the minds of private counsel an extraordinary zeal for a conviction—then I say that the Jury are fairly justi fied, apart from other circumstances, in thinking there must be some special motive to get some victim. As I have heard some Judges say that the mistake made by the police sometimes is to show a desire to fix a crime on somebody, in the same degree and to the same extent Mr. King ston seems to have made a mistake here, and the Judge and Jury are bound to throw themselves to a certain extent on the other scale in order to see that justice is done. No matter how much the counsel may forget themselves—subject of course to my right to interfere, upon which I must consult his view. You must not acquit the prisoner because Mr. Kingston has made a mistake, and, however much you may regret the position of the prisoner, you must do your duty according to your belief re specting the facts. I have pointed out the reasons why I think it would be dangerous to convict in this case, and if a verdict of guilty is returned I shall regret that I presided at this trial as long as I live. The Jury, after a short retirement, returned a verdict of not guilty, and the prisoner was acquitted. Tuesday, June 19. Before His Honor Mr. Justioe Boucaut and Juries.] The Crown Solicitor (Bon. C. Mann, Q.C.) prose cuted. LIBEL. Frederick Ramie LinMater, barrister, was charged with having written and caused to be published a libellous snide in the Gawler Bunyip at March S3 last, having reterence to Mobs Samuel Solomon, a member of the Vohinteer Force. The article was beaded "Town Talk, by Pelts," and was as follows: —"Some considerable time ago, not in the days when piratical opera-bouffe was all the rage at the Theatre Boyal, and legs and champagne deed occasionally to be in a glorious state of mix behind the scenes, a. daring but tight-fisted eon of Abraham came to the laudable determinatl n of * shoeing fhometings for nodlngs, ma tear.' With this end in view the gentleman In qnestion, after some little exertion and no small expenditure of finger-nails, obtained an airy. and. advantageous position on the root. of Mr. Macdonal 'a stabling, from which vantage ground he had'an uninterrupted view of the undiaped window of the room wherein certain tin draped young ladles were in the habit of nocturnally draping themselves. Long, earnestly, and wistfully did he gaze on the picture which met his sight, until, in anillstarred moment a brother tomcat uplifted his voice in a minor key at his elbow? The sound attracted the atten tion of a more than usually undiaped nymph, and a terrific scream announced to the hopeless intruder that his dazzling shirt front and glittering diamond Btuds had been 'spotted.' Vainly he strove to make his way to terra firma ! Unnerved and gasping he hung by a waterspout anil finger tips, from which perilous position he was rescued by the stage manager and property man.. But his troubles had only begun. The enraged Dianas claimed their victim, and had him too! They took him to their dressing-room, and having plenti fully besprinkled him with dirty water, deftly applied their ready powder puffs, and when that unhappy wight arrived at the paternal mansion the old man raised his eyes and his hands and exclaimed, 'Holy Moses I ish dat a ghost or a rolling-pin.' . . . Now, you would hardly credit it, but this young gentleman is a member of the Artillery Force of South Australia, and he is jost about to be promoted to the rank of commissioned officer, and to mix with gentlemen. Of course, after the above narrative every one will know what for." This having been read, Tbe defendant pleaded that be was not guilty; that Moss Samuel Solomon was and bad been for a long time and still is a non-commissioned officer of the T.M.F., and had applied for promotion; that the matters in the alleged libel were true in sub stance and in fact; and that the said M. S. Solomon did indecently attempt to look upon certain females while more or less unclothed, and in the act of dressing themselves, and was treated as in the alleged libel described. Defendant farther said that at and before publish ing he was and had for a long time been a public writer in tbe public press of the province, and it became and was his duty as such public writer, and it was for the public benefit, that tbe mattere charged in tbe alleged libel should be published, for the purpose of affording information to the public on matters of a public nature affecting the good repute, efficiency, and reBpect amongst their fellow colonists of the members and officers of .the V.M.F., and for the furtherance and advocacy of public morality and decency ; and in accordance with the premises the defendant so wrote and published the alleged libel for the public benefit, and without malice; and on those pleas he prayed to be dismissed and discharged. Mr. Smith appeared, with Mr. Mathews, for the defence. The counsel for the defendant intimated that the pleas had been filed, and amounted to justification and not guilty. Witnesses were ordered out of Court. The Crown Solicitor, in opening the case, related tbe circumstances of Solomon having gone up for a commission, and remarked that it was apparent that the statements contained in the written matter, divested of the inuendoes con tained therein, amounted to a reflection upon tbe character of the prosecutor. He read tbe law of libel and tbe penalties thereto ' attached for breach. Defendant had pleaded "the truth," and therefore the identity of the prosecutor with the person referred to in the article would not | be denied. He read the paragraph complained of, and said that if tbe paragraph was not calculated to hold a person up to ridicule and con tempt be diu not know what wae. For any one to have Buch disgusting tastes and ideas as to climb up to see women in a state of semi- nudity was contemptible and caddish. A I man who could do that would be a contemptible cur and a cad, and not fit to associate with honest men, or to hold a commission in H.M. Volunteers. Tbe wii ingwas of a kind known as semi- humorous, but, unfortunately, a great deal of latitude was allowed to writers of that kind of matter now-a-days. It was a serious thing to come and say that such a thing was true in substance and in fact. It was a serious thing to undertake to justify it. Michael Jobn Stapleton, bootmaker, Gawler, was tbe first witness called for tbe Crown, and gave evidence as to the purchase of a Bunyip containing the libel, and sending it to M. J. Solomon, at bis request. wm. Barnet, printer, editor, and proprietor of the Bunyip, said defendant wrote the article. By Mr. Smith—Had considerable experience as a newspaper man. Mr. Smith wasabruttoask whether witness, as an editor, would not consider it a fair thing to comment upon the matter referred to; but the Judge asked what that had to do with the case. Mr. Smith—Be is an expert. But the thing is so patent. The Judge—Yes. it is patent. E. J. Cox, solicitor, produced the following letter from defendant:—" Messrs. Wadey ct Cox. Dear Sirs—In answer to your letter of to day, I bee leave to correct your statement that I made a conditional offer on behalf of Mr. Barnett to give up the name of his correspondent. The condition inserted in my letter was no more than the one implied In your own of 27tb, viz., that if MP. Bamett disclosed the name of his correspondent he would be freed from the proceedings which you threatened in case he did jaot do so. My embodiment of that condition was so superfluous that I now dispense with its repetition, and as Mr. Burnett's attorney complied with your original request, for which com Dliance you extended the time in your interview with me and Mr. Mathewa, I now therefore an nonnce to you that the Town Correspondent of the Bunyip, who writes under the name of Felts, and who wrote the article of the 23rd March, was myself, and 1 beg leave to add that an account of the occur rence in the rear of the Theatre was published in the Bulletin some two years ago, and Mr Solomon, your client, was there named as the hero. I desire also to add that I myself witnessed the whole affair, including the punish ment inflicted by the ladies, and was on amused spectator of the ghostly result. If your client, animated after two years by a Budden access of self respect, is so ill-advised as to proceed, I shall hare no hesitation in proving the above facts, and that your client has admitted them; and I bare no hesi tation in Baying, from my knowledge of the army and the volunteers (in a distinguished corps oi which I have served), that it was a matter of the highest importance to the force, and to the public, that respectable citizens who undertake to defend their country should not have such an officer appointed to lead them in the field without the force and the public being both made well nware oi it. Yours, dc,—Fred. Harvie Linklater," Moss Samuel Solomon, the prosecutor, gave evi dence as to his position in B Battery of Artillery, the application of the paragraph to him, and that the statements therein contained were wholly un true. By Mr. Smith — Was first told of the exis tence of the article by Major Solomon. Had been spoken to about it. There was no chaff about it Was-joked about something similar—referring to what appeared in the Bulletin. A point was here raised as to whether Mr. Smith could put the Bulletin in. Mr. Smith sought to have it read, but the Judge said if he could show that the prosecutor accepted the article ill the Bulletin, then the paper could lie put in. Froeecntor said be did not regard the article as m»ant for him. Prosecutor eiid Ser geant LUlywhite chaffed him about the affair. Complained of it, as the chaff got too much to be agreeable. Mr. Smith—Were you in LiUywhtte.s' presence jolted about looting at girls dressing, and being powdered and punished? Witness—I was. I did not do anything to justify a gloried in it. Received brother officer saying I ^ a letter from the Lieutenant-Colonel to the effect that 1 could not be made a coirifftissionetl officer unless I cleared myself of the imputation. Was not on the roof on the night in question. Neve. went further than the stage door, flare been near the stables. Never told any one that I had been on the roof. Have said that I knew some oi the " ~*~ officers." Never boasted of improper intimacy with Bemember Lena Carey, but cannot remember them. ever having boasted of improper intimacy with ber. The Crown Solicitor objectedto the turn the cross examination was taking. Mr. Smith said—I am going to show that this young man is not worthy of credit. The Crown Solictor—Is it material to know of the amours of this young man supposing he has any ? It is not material to the issue. Mr. Smith—If I show that a man who boasted of these things is unworthy of credit. His Honor—I will not allow yon to call a witness to say that he did boast of these things. Mr. Smith—In order to show that he accepted the accusation and boasted of it ? His Honor—If yon put it in that way; but you did not. Witness—I never boasted of being on the roof and recognising the yonngladies. I do not think this led to my being called "The B Battery Bam." Many of my brother officers have nicknames also. I never boasted of anything further than knowing the girls. The chaffing was continuous down to the present proceedings. If several of my brother officers my I gloried in it, and did not deny it, they speak untruths. Cot Mrs. Ford to write aletterafter the article in the Buni/ip. Bud some one else was on the *>of, and from the description and the direction in'which he lived that it was aperson named Isaacs. Suggested the name of Isaacs to Mrs. Ford. There were two brothers, and this was the elder. First thought it might be Isaacs after the article in the Bimpip. His Honor—Were yon ever on the roof of the Theatre Boyal under any circumstances, looking at ladies dressing ? witness (emphatically)—No; never. Major Francis Downes, R.A., Colonel-Comman dant of the S. A. Forces, deposed to prosecutor going up for and passing an examination, but that he was not recommended for a commission. Saw the article in the Eunyip, and had not the slightest doubt that it referred to Sergeant Solomon. Cut the article out, and sent it to Lieutenant Colonel Mathews, intimating that unlets there was public contradiction he could not recommend Ser geant Solomon for a commission. I hjard of the matter previously privately, but from a member of the force. Major Solomon, of B Battery, deposed that the article referred to Sergeant Solomon. Bad not, before be saw the article, beard of the matter re ferring to Sergeant Solomon. Something appeared in the Bulletin. G. Cahill, the stage carpenter, deposed that the " man on the roof' was given into his charge by Mr. McDonald's ostler, and he handed him over to Mr. Wallace. Could not say that prosecutor (as he now appeared) was the man. Did not believe he was. lie might have been disguised. The man had hair on his face. Had seen Solomon before, but did not think he was the man; the man limped. Prosecutor, recalled, said he had shaved his wbiBkers more than once. Sophia Ford, one of the members of the Tambour Major Troupe, said she was present during the operation of whitewashing, but prosocu' prosecutor was not the victim. Bv Mr. Smith—Saw the man brought dcwn; it was unite light. The people were at! crowding round him. 1 saw who it was, and thought his name was Isaacs — the son of Mr. Isaacs, who kept a clothing shop in Hindley-street. The name was in every one s mouth. Would swear that the man who was white washed was the man they called Isaacs, llad seen him standing outside the stage-door, and outside the shop. H. R. Peachey, stage waiter, said the man was whitewashed in the passage of the Theatre. Prose cutor was not the man. Assisted in the " white washing," which was done as the man was running away—like "running the gauntlet." Witness was closely cross-examined by Mr. Smith as to his know ledge of prosecutor's personal appearance, but could not speak positively as to the way he wore his hair. T. H. C. D. Stockley, supermaster at the Royal, detailed the circumstances of the ordeal at which he assisted. The man was much Btoutor than pro secutor, with fair side whiskers and moustache. Prosecutor was certainly not the man. In answer to Mr. Smith, the witness said the man had an over coat on. The occurrence was near the end of the second act. Tho wife of last witness was called, and said the prosecutor was not the man. She was not very close to him during the powdering. The man was short, stout, with fat features and slightly bow-legged, with red I whiskers. Annie Smith, one of the company, said the man was like a Jew, with dark hair. (Isaacs was here called in, but witness said he was not the man.) This closed the case for tho Crown. Mr. Smith, in opening, pointed out that the fact of the paragraph being jocular did ■ of make it any the less a proper ana lawful weapon lor putting down evil tendencies and protecting the interests of morality and decency. Be quoted the remarks of a learned Judge on the subject to the effect that ridicule was often the strongest of weapons in the bands oi the public writer if it bo used fairly. He maintained that ridicule was used fairly in this case. Be was prepared to show by evidence that the prosecutor had accepted the chaffing of his brother officers on the subject of the Theatre episode, and it did not lie in his mouth to deny it. Be could show that in effect he admitted tat he was the man. F. H. Linkl&ter; was then called. Be said I am the defendant in tliis case, and I am the writer of Hie article referred to. Mr. Smith—Will you teU the Jury on what authority you wrote it? Mr. Mann—That is not a proper question. Mr. Smith— Is the article true 1 Mr. Mann—Neither is that a proper question. Witness continued—I was at the Theatre on the night In question outside the stage door. I was then Manager and Editor of the Bulletin. I saw the prosecutor there. In can sequence of a call I heard I went towards the door, home man was brought out by another and taken eloBe by me. That man was the prosecutor. lie was taken in through the stage-door. I followed, and then went inside the stage-door and stopped at the stsge-stafrs. There was a noise, and tue man came past mo with white powder over him. He passed close by, in a passage three or four feet wide. I was there in my business capacity as Editor of the Bulletin, and I made a reference to these proceed ings in an article in the Bulletin. Have seen Solomon frequently since. The man I saw dragged in and the man who was covered with powder I swear was the prosecutor. I had not the slighest ill - feeling against the prosecutor at the time I wrote the article. I knew he was apnlying for a public position. Cross - examined by Mr. Mann — Did not know him before this night. Saw him after waids in Baphael's office about six weeks after the occurrence. I saw him there on business. Used to see him frequently after this. Made his personal acquaintance when I backed a bill for a friend. Have only bad business relations with Solomon. I never saw him in my house. Backing the bill re sulted in my having that to pay and in mv furniture being seized. I don't know whether Solomon had charge of the seizure. When Solomon came out of the Theatre covered with powder, I don't know who had bim in charge. Solomon was dressed in dark clothes. I am not sure whether be had an overcoat on or not. Be bad whiskers on the side of his face. Before writing the article I bad conversation with Lieutenant Smith. He said Solomon war the man, but did not say who told him. The BulUVn did not go defunct under my management. The feature of the paper was not libelling people. I was waiting in the Theatre yard for Mr. Boach, who was then behind the scenes. I had the entrei behind also. There was a light in the yard, but I could not say what sort of a light it was. I had been waiting about for half an hour. I am correspondent for the English Era. My acquain tance with theatricals is extensive. I know most of tbe stars that come here. I did not know the ballet girls. I knew Kale was there when it occurred, but I did not ask bim whether Solomon was there. Never asked Solomon whether he was the man because I knew it already. Can't mention tbe name of one single person who told me be eaw him there. • George William Stacy, ex-sergeant of the Volnnteer Foice—Knew the prosecutor two years ago. Had been present when tbe prose cutor had been chaffed about tbe article. Mr. Smith—What was said? Mr. Mann—I object His Honor—That is not a proper question. This is not a nailer in which ail gossip of the diatrict'can ha evidence. Mr. Smith then proposed to ask the witness whether he bad not heard the prosecutor admit that he was the man referred to. Mr. Mann objected on the grounds that the prose cutor had not been previously cross-examined-as to this, and that such evidence was only admissable in cross-exannnstioii. His Honor disailowcd'tbe question, and noted Mr. Smith's objection. S. H. Isaacs deposed that on May 14, two years ago, his eon was in the shop all night, and on May 14 he was out of the colony. His other sou was not 16 years old then. His son limped, but he could not say whether it wa« two years ago or not .Frederick llarvie ljnklater, the defendant, was placed in the box and examined as to the date of the alleged occurrence. Mr. Mann—Did you ever write to Mr. Burnett about this matter? . . Witness—Yes. Mr. Mann—Did you write this?—"30th March, '83. Dear B.—Couldn't catch post, but copy was all right, or should have wired you. Don't funk on the matter I I have played a trump card and re tained Colonel Matthewa Thine, Fred. B. L. P.S.—Come down if possible; don't think they mean fighting." (Laughter.) Witness—Yes I did. Had received four distinct requests to apologize, but had refused them. George Isaacs positively denied ever having climbed the roof of the Theatre Boyal to look at females dressing. WitnesB was examined as to his habits, and was asked if he erer wore whiskers. Mr. Smith—Do you shave? Witness—Sometimes I try to. (Laughter.) Mr. Smith—Do you ever weaa sideboards? Witness—Sometimes; 1 shave when there is anything to shave. Mr. Smith (astonished) —Why, the boy has not a sign! (Laughter.) Mr. Mann—It is giving to hairy nothings a local habi tation and a name. (Laughter). This closed the defendant's case. Mr. Smith addressed the Jury, and urged that Mf» OUIItU BUUIbWwU vui;> MIU lugou WAV there never was the slightest illwxll or spite existing between the defendant and the prosecutor, but he had seen him on the night in question sufficiently near to recognise him again weeks afterwards. De fendant knew him to be the man, and then found out that it was a matter of public comment among his brother officers. There was no need of enquiry; it was a matter of barrack- room chaff, and the prosecutor allowed it to pass as chaff. Matters of this kind were left by more staid papers, such as the Timet, the Begieltr, and other journals 01 nign standing to tne satirical puonca tions, and it was notorious that tbe London Punch,. Puck, and other such journals did a groat deal of , good to society by their sarcasms and their ridicule directed at men and manners with a view to putting ' down objectionable practices. After reviewing the | evidence, Ur. Smith dwelt upon the personal know ledge the defendant appeared to have of the occur rence upon which the alleged libel was written. He submitted that after they had heard the positive testimony of the defendants Mr. Mann then pointed out to tbe Jury that Linklater might have been mistaken, as also might be tbe witnesses for the Crown; but the prosecutor could not be mistaken, and if the Jury found a verdict of not gnilty it would be equivalent to saying that Mr. Solomon was guilty of gross perjury. Bis Honor in summing up said—Gentlemen of the Jury—This is a prosecution for libel. Fortunately my task here is much lighter than it has been in many of the other libel cases I have had to preside over. Without going into an exhaustive description of tbe libel law I may tell you that anything written to injure a man or to defame him, or to make him appear ridiculous, is libellous. Therefore this article is libellous, because it contains statements which are calculated to injure, and the learned counsel for the defendant has not attempted to con test that it is not so. I tell you that in my opinion it is a libel, and it is unwarranted unless it is true. The learned counsel for the defendant has put it to you that the whole matter is for you, aud that you may find a verdict of not guilty, and he has also told yon that if you believe Solomon was not in the Theatre even then you may find a verdict of not guilty. Now, I hardly think be meant that, because if you believe tliat it is untrue that he was in the Theatre then that constitutes the libel. There has been no argument addressed to me, as is generally the case with,newspaper libels, as to the privilege of a public writer. It sometimes becomes the duty of a Judge to rule that a libel is privileged, but that is not done where malice has been proved. Neither is that the case here. It is a case of truth or not truth. Sometimes if an article is based on ttuth then some little departure trom tbe facts is warranted. Here also is there nothing of that sort. ThiB, as has been pointed out to you, is a case of extreme importance to Mr. Linklater, but it is at least equally as important to Solomon that be should not be blamed by a Jury and go forth to the world as a disgrace to the cloth he wears. In one aspect it might be better that Mr. Linklater might not go free, because some people think it advantageous to be made martyrs of. However, whether Solomon or Linklater is the more injured is not the question. The question ie, was Solomon the young man who was in the Theatre? You see there were a groat number of witnesses to this incident, and Solomon swears he was not there, and that is a matter which you can't shut out, because if he iB the man, and he Bwears be is not, he is rendering himself liable to an immediate prosecution for perjury, either at the BUit of the Crown or of any one else, and his guilt would be proved by calling all these persons who say be was the man. Solomon comes here under a certain risk, and it is the duty of the Jury to weigh that; ana under such circumstances tbe Crown would be neglecting its duty if it did not bring him up before Mr. Beddome on the next day. I have mentioned this to you, because if Mr. Lmklater'a counsel had chosen he might have conducted this case in another way—by saying that they' were mistaken, or that there was a doubt upon the subject They have not, however, rested their defence on anything of that kind, and they have taken upon themselves the responsibility of showing that Solomon was this disgraceful young man. Seven witnesses have beeu called w ho all say that he was not t he man, aud on that Mr. Smith says they must be mistaken. Certainly these witnesses may have beeu mistaken, but Solomon could not be, and if he is not telling tbe truth be is a perjurer. But were they mis taken ? Mr. Manit answers that by saying that if j his witnesses, who were oil in and about the Theatre, were liable to be mistaken, how mnch the more was it probable that the defendant was mis taken V and before you brand this young man with this disgraceful conduct he is eutitled to ask you to consider well this point. Is Solomon a perjurer, and are these witnesses utterly or extra ordinarily mistaken V It is as open tor you to find a verdict for the defendant as it is for you to convict liiw, and I so leave it to you. Then Mr. Linklater says be wrote it because he con sidered it bis duty in tbe interests of tbe public and as a public writer to write it. On the question of duty, it is not bis duty to write an untruth. There would be no duty on the part of either the lienister or the Advertiser to write such a thing falsely; but, on the contrary, there is a duty thrown upon a respectable paper when writing upon a matter to make such enquiries as may be necessary to soe whether there is any truth in the assertions they are about to make, and when they have done that—after taking these precautions—they are in a great measure justinea. A man is not to write a thins and then assume that he is justified in bis action because he thinks it is necessary that such matter should be exposed. Subject 'to certain limitations, however, a newspaper writer may assume so—namely, that when writing upon public men in their public capacity and on their public acts, or upon the administration of a Court of Justice, they may assume that these are matters which they are justified in commenting upon, no matter how severe their comment may be. newspaper writers must not write that which is false, but they must write what is the truth. Mr. Smith says that a business paper like the Register won't put in these sort of things, and therefore they muBt go to society papers to do it, but I tell you they have no more right to do it than the Register or Advertiser have. Mr. Smith—What I said was that business papers like the Register won't do the sarcastic touch like Punch and the Figaro do. 11 is Honor—Mr. Smith alludes to Punch, and I don't know whether I am doing wrong here when I refer to it, but it is a matter of frequent comment by Judges that during the whole number of years the English Punch has been written, with all its jokes and cartoons, there has never appeared in it anything that would leave a Bting behind. I should have expected a disclaimer from Mr. Smith of his approving of Society papers—pests to society, as undoubtedly they are. You see in these papers as I have seen in the Mel bourne Bulletin something like this: — "If A of Baliaiat does not mind I shall relate next week all his little doings with the girl behind the porch." But these things are different from a clear criticism on the acts of a public man. Men who go into public life must be prepared to submit to comment, no matter how severe, from those who do not agree with their views upon public i r attere, and where this Is done express malice most be strictly proved, but no proof rf that is re quired here; and even if malice had to be proved, I think there is abundant evidence of it, because ths defendant had an opportunity of apologizing and he did not, and he baa an opportunity of enqniring into the trnth of what be wrote and he neglected to do so. What yon have to be satisfied with an the plea of justification is'that Solomon was the man who was on the roof of this stable, and that he was the man who was properly enough (although unlawfully) so powdered: and then "you have to find that it was for the public good i -■■■'■ and benefit that this writing should be pnt in the paper. Wben Mr. Smith opened his ease I said that the article wonld he justifiable if it were true, but on further consider ing the matter I thought 1 put it somewhat too favourably to Mr.-Stnitn's client. I should say that it was justifiable if it were done yesterday, but 1 do not intend to direct yon on this. If it were bo written in a respectable paper like-the Renirter, then yon might come to the conclusion that it was discussed for the public benefit, and you might so judge of it; but this paper does not seem to be so conducted. If it were in the Regiettr it wonld be open for you to consider whether it was for the pnbiic benefit, and so apply yonr verdict. *" article It is two yearopgo since this article was written, and the Statute which allows this plea to he pnt on the record enacts that it must not only be proved that the words of the libel are true bnt .also that they were written for the public benefit. How, is this for the public benefit, even if it iB true 7 There are very lew men living, from the Archibishop of Canterbury down to the Messenger of this Court, who would be able to five happily if they were to 6e ripped up for acts done years before, and after a number of years has elapsed the law says that the matter is not then one for the pnblie benefit. Jlr. Smith—The evidence (or the Grown was that he allowed himself to be joked at (or two years. Bis Honor—I take a different view to that put by Mr. Smith; bnt I do not'wish to pnt the case Un favourably to the defendant. Bis Honor then commented at some length on the evidence gtven by various witnesses, after winch he said—If you find this is true and was written for the public benefit then Mr. Linklater must be acquitted, and if not for a public benefit (and the time that a ' man's character may be ripped up is entirely a matter for you) then you will find him guilty. The Jury, after deliberating for half an hour, found the defendant guilty. Mr. Linklater was then asked in the usual way whether he had anything to say why sentence should not be passed. Mr. Linklater—No. Mr. Mann—I have been requested by the prose cutor to Bay that in the event of a verdict of guilty he desires, so far as the law allows him, that the de fendant shall publish an ample apology and that the sentence may he made as light as possible. HisHonor—I do not know, Mr. Linklater, whether I am authorized tomakea bargain, but I will ask you whether yon feel satisfied that you were wrong, and whether you will publish an apology in the paper? Mr. Linklater—I feel, after the verdict of the Jury, that I must have been mistaken. I wiH agree to publish an apology. Bis Honor—I am glad to bear yon say so. I sbonldnDt have been justified in taking this course except at the instigation of the Crown. Otherwise, I should have been bound, although with great pain to myself, to have imprisoned you, but after what has fallen from the Crown Prosecutor I will save yon from the indignity of such, which you deserve, because this is undoubtedly a crimi nal libel. You might have ruined this young man for life. You knew lots of people who could have told you the truth, and you ought to have taken Bteps to have known that it was true before you wrote it. It is charged in the informa tion that you knowingly did it, but I don't think that. You will be fined £100. Bis Honor then left the Bench, and the Gaoler (Mr. Howell) askedfor the amount of the fine, which was not forthcoming. Mr. Howell then said that he would have to take the defendant to the gaol. Mr. Linklater said His Honor bad not ordered im prironment in default of payment. His Honor then re-tntered the Court, and after some discussion as to the sentence having been recorded he said that he did not feel justified at that stage in adding to it. TUB CONVENT IIOBBERY. Mr. Mann said the man Cousens, who was a material witness in this case, had not yet In en found, and he would therefore ask that the case against Faulds might be made a remanet for next Court. It would be nnfair for the prisoner to be kept in gaol, and he would ask that he be liberated on his own bail. Mr. Symon, Q.C., for the prisoner, said that this was a. serious case for bis client. There was. not a tittjb of. evidence against him, and the Crown were relying upon a statement made by this man CouBens, who was an old convict, and who was awaiting bis trial at the present sittings under another charge. Consens bad not long ago been sentenced to ten years' imprisonment with hard labour, and if this was all the evidence they had to rely on it was not worth much. His Honor—I liave the oath of a practitioner of this Court that he is a material and necessary witness. Mr. Symon—But there is no suggestion that they will be able to find him, and if there was any evidence except his the Crown would not be willing to allow the prisoner out on his own bail. It would be wrong of tbem to do so. Besides, the only evidence he can give is an admission made by Faulds whilst be was in gaol with Cousens. His Honor said he did not think he ought to post pone the case for that, lie would suggest that unless the Crown Prosecutor thought it absolutely necessary that the case should be made a remanet a nolle prosequi should be entered. Mr. Mann acceded to this view, and the prisoner was discharged. The Court then adjourned sine die. 