TRUE GHOST STORIES. The two ghost stories told (says the London correspondent of the Liverpool Mercury) by oar most eminent anatomist are as romantic in their way as any told by the Psychological Society, When hardly more than .a lad at Lancaster, the future defender of vivisection was study ing for the medical profession, he had a horror or the ghastly details of the busi ness, which he imagined he could never overcome. He was cured, strange to say, by a fright. Having to take some medi cine on a windy night to Lancaster Castle, he had to pass through the room in which he had taken part in dissections. Just as he entered the room with the basket of medicine under his arm, the clouds which hid the moon suddenly parted, a door slammed, and looking up, the future bio logist saw what lie thought was an enor mous figure in white, with arms out stretched, looking down upon him. He turned around trembling, and against the wall opposite stood an other figure in white. He dropped his basket and ran. The patients in Lancaster Castle got no medicine that night. But when he returned next day and found that ho had been frightened by mortuary sheets, he braced his nerves up so that ho was soon collecting skulls. He made a fine set, but for a long time he could not get an Ethiopian skull. At last a negro died in Lancaster Castle, and the young doctor got permission to have his head. It was again a windy night when the operation of removing the head was determined upon. But habited in his long cloak, then the fashion, and pro vided with a blue bag, the comparative anatomist soon had the head safely stowed away. As he left the room in which the coffin lay, however, the wind slammed the door, caught his cloak, and nearly threw him upon his face. Attempting to re cover himself, he lost his hold of the bag, the head fell out, rolled with increasing velocity down a flight of steps, across a courtyard, and settled itself upon the neck, with one eye open and the other shut, in a room where two women were seated, and who greeted the ghastly object with loud shrieks. The professor rushed wildly after it, took no notice of the women, Beized the skull, put it in his bag again, and ran from the Castle. Four or five years afterwards he was attending a dying woman, who called loudly for a clergy man, to whom she had something to tell. The doctor begged her to tell him, as no clergyman was near enough to be called in time. At length she spoke. " Oh, sir, I had a husband, who was a negro, and, I fear, a bad man. He died, sir, in Lancaster Castle ; and, oh ! sir, I was Btanding one day in the rooms when my husband's head came out of the floor, and seemed to ask me to help him. And then, sir, the devil came through the door, snatched up the head, put it in a bag, and disappeared before I could do anything. And I have never done any thing. Oh, sir, what can I do for my poor husband's bou! V' 