®he IMsrtMM ëmum. THURSDAY, FEBRUARY S, 1SSS. Thomas Carlyle preached "the gospel of work." That, he proclaimed, was the panacea for human ills, and the only source whence true greatness could come. Now, Herbert Spencer has stepped to the front with another evangel-" the gospel of rest." We fancy that this great English thinker and world-wide known man is preaching this truth to others after he has neglected it himself. Pretty well shattered in health owing to the ¡mínense mental labour he has been carrying on for a mim- bil' of years, Mr. Spencer was compelled recently to desist foi' a while from work. Ho betook himself to the United States, to regain health there. Just prior to his departure from New York hack to the old country, his American friends banqueted him, and of course expected "a feast of reason and a flow of soul" from him. They had the "tlovvof soul," but it tookaverypracticiilturn and fairly struck one of the most injurious tendencies in the social life of the States. Mr. Spencer in a word charged the Ameri- cans with working too hard and resting too little. His assertions on this matter he backed by giving the results of his personal observations of men and manners during his stay in America. Here they are as he stated them :-"Everywheie I have been struck with the number of faces vyhich told in strong lines of the burdens that had to be borne. I have been struck, too, with the large proportion of gray-haired men, and inquiries have brought out the fact that with you the hair commonly begins to turn gray some ten years earlier than with us. Moreover, in every circle I have met men who had themselves suffered from nervous col- lapse due to stress of business, or who named friends who had either killed themselves by overwork, or had been permanently inca- pacitated, or had wasted long periods in endeavours to recover health." If Mi*. Spencer lind simply said this of the Americans, and it was true only of thein, the relation of facts might excite our sym- pathy, and possibly arouse our indignation that men should play such tricks with them- selves ; but here the matter would have ended. Unfortunately, though, the indict- ment brought by Mr. Spencer against Americans can with equal force be levelled against Australians. Anyone having lived three decades in the colonies will be able lo measure the trutlifulness of this assertion. Lot such a one cast back and bring to mind those who were young men with him and theu trace out their history. He will find no words more fitting to describe the career of many of them than the terms supplied by Mr. Spencer. " Suffered from nervous collapse," " killed themselves by overwork," " permanently incapacitated," " wasted long periods in en- deavour to recover health," all these ade- quately and faithfully describe the manner of life in Australia common to men keen in business pursuits, ardent in science, or ambitious in politics. Perhaps in some one colony these accompaniments mid conse- quents of the fierce struggle for supremacy may be moro noticeable than in others, but it is common to ¡ill, Queensland not exccpled. Seeing then that Australians and Ameri- cans are open to the same charge, perhaps it is but fitting that we, too, bear the re- proaches heaped upon the oll'euders' heads by Mr. Spencer, ¡uni the accusation of folly lie levels at those who outrage nature's laws. Says Mr. Spencer, " "We hear ¡i great deal about this vile body, and many are en- couraged to transgress the laws of health, but," he rather significantly add«, " nature quietly suppresses thoso who treat thus dis- respectfully one of her highest producís, and leaves the world to be ¿copied by tho descen- dants of those who are not so foolish." The words we have italicised are pregnant with suggestive meaning. 3Mr. Spencer in no way hides his thoughts, neither does he ask, " What has posterity done for him that he should care about posterity?"' But he plainly puts it that the men of to-day must think of the future. He points out that the unhealthy life of hurry, toil, and excitement led now must be looked at ¡is it regards our successors. There is the injury to posterity. Damaged constitutions reappear in children, and entail on them far more of ill than great fortunes yield of good. " When life has been duly rationalised by science it will be seen that among a man's duties care of (he body is imperative, not only out of regard for personal welfare, but also out of retmrd for descendants. His constitution will be considered as an entailed estate, which he ought to pass on uninjured, if not improved, to those who follow ; and it will be held that millions bequeathed lo lum will not compensate for feeble health and decreaseel ability to enjoy life." It does one good to lind ¡i man standing up and telling his friends around him such plain truths. In effect he says to them, " You and your countrymen are ¡i set of fools. You are, by .vonr unwise devotion lo work, lobbing life of ¡ill enjoyment to such an extent that the question may bo asked, 'Is life worth living !' Whether it he tho love of the almighty dollar that urges you on, or the love of business for the excitement it yield«., the end will be the same - ¡ill rcliili of life* ¡md ¡ill power of enjoyment will de-part from you, and sapless mid joyless will be* the years ahead." Such is the plain teaching of this philosopher prophet of to-day, with this addition, thal the transgressors are accumulating n host of defects and diseases wherewith to handicap tho generations to follow in their nice. Mr. Spencer is hopeful of belter times, and thus sets forth his reasons for being so sanguine:-"Industry, bodily or mental, is but a means, and it is us ¡na- tional to puiMio it to the exclusion of that complete living ¡I subserves, ¡im it is for the miser to accumulate money and make no use of it. Ileienfter, when llii«, age of active material progress has yielded man- kind its benclit«, there will, I think, conic a bettet- adjustment of labour and enjoyment. And there are other reasons, which 1 must pass over, lu brief, I may say thal wo have had somewhat too much of ' the gospel of work." It is time lo preach 'the gospel of relaxation.' " So say we, and it will be a good thing when the ghost of Thomas Carlyle, with his mournful and " daiuunblo iteration" of work first, work next, and work last, and work for evermore, shall retire from the stage, and more men like Herbert Spencer shall come forth demanding that the Siuaitiu law of works shall give place to the milder and more beneficent gospel of relaxation and rest. Not that the rapid conversion of the men of to- day may be looked for. The gospel of getting on has been so drilled into us that other voices have lost their charm and power. We are not certain that Mr. Smiles, with his book on "Thrift," and his life of that smart commercial man, George Moore, and Dr. Arthur with his "Successful Merchant' have been altogether benefactors to the world. Anyway, Mr. Spencer's teaching on this matter is, we think, wiser than that which tends to make the young men of the day sacrifice health, intellect, and even life, to " getting on," and to " success in life" ends which, if gained, in the majority of cases prove as disappointing as the mirage in the desert and as unsubstantial as the fleeting cloud.. Let labour and enjoyment go hand in hand together and then there is the more likelihood that both will be permanent. Mr. Spencer has preached his sermon, wise men will practise it. The French Senate have not yet come to any decision on the measure submitted to them dealing with members of the late reigning families. It is believed that a majority of the Upper House are opposed to the measure as adopted by the Chamber of Deputies and strongly supported by the Government ¡ ami should they rejeefc it, as will probably be the case, another Ministerial crisis will ensue. It is expected that the Premier, M. Faillières, will re.iign, and that he will be replaced by M. Jules Ferry, who was summoned by President Gróvy to form a Ministry on the resignation of M. Duclerc a few days ago, but declined to undertake the task. The uncertainty of the political situation is having its effect throughout the country. Great uneasiness is being manifested in the provinces, and the Bourse is quite paralysed. It is satis- factory, however, to learn, on the authority of the Chief of Police, that Nihilism in France has been destroyed by the vigorous measures lately adopted ; though there is some reason to fear that that functionary has adopted rather too sanguine a tone. The long-deferred coronation of the Czar Alexander III. has been fixed for May next, and an Imperial ukase has been issued summoning the chiefs of the nobility and the prefects of provinces to be present at Moscow on the occasion.-The Legislative Assembly of Cape Colony have carried a motion for the withdrawal of British authority from Basutoland. This step has for some time been in contemplation owing to the turbu- lence of the native chiefs and the unsettled state of the country, and the consequent difficulty of maintaining even a semblance of government by the colonial authorities. Should the motion of the Assembly be given effect to, it is probable that, while abandon- ing all interference with the internal admini- stration of Basutoland, the colonial Govern- ment will still claim a paramount influence in its external relations with other States. Serious charges have been made against several members of the Austrian Parlia- ment, who are accused of having accepted heavy bribes in consideration of using their inlluence to secure the granting of valu- able railway concessions.-Lord Spencer, Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, is now in London, though the object of his visit has not transpired. Ile attended a Cabinet Council in Downing-street imme- diately after his arrival. To ensure his per- sonal safety while in England he will be closely guarded by detectives.-Mr, Healy, the well-known Home Julie member for Wexford, has resigned his seat in the House of Commons. Tun recent arrests in connection with the assassinations in Phonix Park seem to be more than usually important, and at last the police havo strong and reasonable grounds for be- lieving that the sad details of that crime will be brought to light and the criminals to justice. Ever since the murders were committed infor- mation has been received from time to time, now of fresh and reliable clues, now of arrests and the authorities have even gone to Vene- zuela for one of the supposed criminals, but at hist the police seem to have pounced on the real assassins, or at least theil- accomplices. It is evident that the liovcrnincut attach much importance to these arrots, which have caused intense excitement in Dublin, and they will probably account for Earl Spencer's hasty and unexpected visit to London, where we learn by cablegram he attended a Cabinet council. Tho subject of that council »as doubtless un- happy Ireland, where conciliatory unit coercive measures aliko seem to have failed. However, the power of the Land League is fast failing, its sources of revenue from America are being rapidly dried up, and, though Mr. Kedmond has como probably us a forlorn hope to Aus- tralian shores, it is questionable whether the Land Lcaguo will derive much benefit in a pecuniary sense from his visit. Therefore, though it is hoping almost against hope, the well-wishers of Ireland anticipate brighter times in storo for the Emerald Isle. Kilt bo that as it may, every right-thinking man will rejoice that there is at last a strong probability of tho cowardly murderers of Lord Frederick Caven- dish and Mr. llurko meeting with that punish- ment they so richly deserve. Aï the meeting of the committee of the hospital yesterday Dr. Kesteven stated ho had received no absolute notice or request that ho should resign his position as principal house surgeon at the hospital. It appeared, on in- quiry, that the copy of the resolution arrived at by the committee had boen forwarded to him by the secretary without any further in- timation. This was un omission and made tho notice irregular, hut the error was rectified by the passing of a resolution that Dr. Kesteven be informed of tho resolution and requested to resign in accordance therewith. Dr. Kesteven strongly protested against the proceedings of the committee und expressed tho opinion that he " had been treated more like a navvy than a gentleman." Cndcr the circumstances of tho case a slight ebullition of temper is excusable, but it must be said, in justico to the committee, that they have given Dr. Kesteven more consideration than some of lils remarks justified. The position of resident- surgeon is held under the authority and by appointment of the committee, who are not bound to furnish the particular reasons why they call upon any doctor to the institution to resign. One thing is evident to every observer of late events In connection with the hospital, namely, that dissatisfaction has been felt by the committee, the subscribers, and the general public at the present system of management. Possibly the annual meeting may be the means of effecting a radical chango in the working of the institution, for it must be clear even to a casual observer that an alteration is needed, so as to put au end to further came for com- plaints. A CORRESPONDENT informs us by telegraph that yesterday at Southport the tide was the highest ever known there. The water inflicted some damage on the road between Southport and Labrador, and was washing away the boat-house on the Southport beach. Oint special reporter telegraphs as follows fiom Boma, under yesterday's date -"The Ministci foi Lands and the Postmaster General this morning inspected the excavating machinery, which is now working well The bon gentlemen, who aie now on a private visit to Bindango station, will leave Roma for Busbane to morrow." The îepoit presented to the council of the Presbyterian Divinity Hall by the Educa tion Committee has been issued in neat pamphlet foi m It deals principally with the number of students and the design of the institution, and the facilities for self impiovcment afforded by the evening classes It contains also Mr E T Govvdys rcpoit foi the past session, and concludes with a statement of accounts cai ried down to June, 18S2 A meeting of the committee of the Bl isbane Gjmnasium was adveitised tobe held at the Globe Hotel jesteiday evening, but, as usual, the meeting lapsed foi want of a quoi um At 8 o'clock, the houi appointed for the meeting, the hon secretary and only one membci of the committee put in an appeal ance, some time latei the hon, tieasurci tmncd up, but no bus; noss could be done Wo understand that the building spoken of on Wickham ternce has been secured for sit months, and the business which should have been tiansacted last night was to make aiiangcments foi the immediate fitting up of the necessaiy apparatus foi the gymnasium It is \eij cleai that some mern bei s at least of the piescnt committee have lost all intcicst in the establishment of a gym- nasium, and the sooner a special meeting of subseiibeisis cilled nnd a working committee elected the bettei, as it present the funds in hand ne being expended to no purpose, and we me as fn iway fiom the establishment of a gj mu ismin aä ev or Wt have received from Messi s A Lomcrand Co a photogiaplncgioup of the Busbane team who played against the English Eleven As a photograph the likenesses ai e excellent, and as a picture the grouping of the men is effective Altogether Messrs. A Lomer ind Co, who claim bj this pictuie to have solved the difficulty of obtaining outdoor group pictures equal to those taken inside the galleries, have succeeded in tui nmg out a memento of the match with the English cricketcis interesting alike to both pi ij ci s ind then fneiuls The Gayndah Wheat Gi owing and Milling Coinpiny, Limited, have issued their pro3 pectus, fiom which it appeals that the object of the company is to encouiage the develop- ment of wheat glowing and milling in the Uppei Burnett district The compiny expect to have fifty acres of wheat in it once, indas the ei op has nevei boen visited by the i list, expect to glow whcit equal to any in the colony In Charabeis ycsteiday, before his Honom Mi. Justice Hal ding, in the case Binkof Now South Wales v Bj eis ind anothci,an oitlei was mide foi a summons to set aside judgment and execution as against Bv ers The question of costs w as lcsci ved until the ti ni Mi E Lilley appealed on behalf of the defendant Bj eis, mid Mi. Teez foi the bank TllFicpoit of the Piotectoi of Aboi ionics just liul bcfoie the Piiliaincnt of Now South Wales contains a gooel deil of inteicstmg nutter Aftci detailing the issistmcc given to the natives m quite a number of distncts tin oughont the colonv consisting of utions, medical aid, clothing, boits and "cn, fai ming implements and aid in cultivating land, he say s -"T have evidence that this distiibution of the hountj of the Government among this luthcito ne0lccteil pcoplo his been i gi cat comfort «id blessing to them, and pat ticulai lj so to the old, liifiim, and helpless among them It is unquestionabl) necessaij tint this assis tance should be kept up, willi the pin em ed nbon"ine especiullj I maintain the opinion I have Uwajs hell with legaiel to the half eiste poition of the ihoilonies-nanielv tliat thev should be corni tiled to vi oik in mel oC then own leqiiueimnts Ihej aie vieil able to do so hiving stiength, c\pi nonce md intelligence to qi ihfj them foi it, whilst I am of opinion that the pine blicl should be taught cucoiuagcd and aided in doing some tiling foi Ins oh n sustenance md comfoit but is this subjeit is a luge nul uiipoitint one, it will he fen the eoiisidii ition md lihou of the Legislatuie to deteiniine whit will be the best mil wisest com so to take in îespect of support and civilisation of the iiboiiniucs of this colony And the question of the annual cost of this aid to the iboiionics will be a sei lous one foi Pub imeiit It vi ill be easilv seen that, inasmuch is it w ill eost at li ist fJÜ pel head to piovi le e ich ibou^inc with «¡nilpie nccc-mius, and a- the eeiisiis I have had t iken shows theie me at le 1st equal to 7o00 statute adult abaiinincs in the eolonj the cost would be tloO 000 pel umum although it is nu hkelj that ill thcstToOOa hilts williequnc ml, yet pi ov ision should be in ide foi them thev are entitled to bi iquiillj eonsideied and piovulcd foi ill ovei New South Wales Piont some of the listnets m the mteiioi it has been uiged upon nu th it this suecoin to the aboi ionics (and p u ticulai lj so ni lefcunce to the half cistes) his been pioduetive of ill effects bj making them indolent and useless, andtheiebj depi lving those pi lees of the vei j useful laboiu hail fiom these men indwheic Inborn is so scaicc ami so much needed I have thought it no pu t of mj duty to lntei fei c vi ith the matte i, noi have I evei done so Lam stionglj of opinion that lésines of land should bo made in such pu ts of the colnnj, whcie it can be coiivouicntij and uscfullj done, foi the purposes of the aboiigincs to onable them to foi ni homesteads, to cultivate gunn, vegetables, flint, iVc , tVe , foi then own sup poit nnel condoit Wo me piogiessm¿ with this plan with gi cat pi omise of success at Cope land, Low ci Mtudcaj, and othei places Titi- Aiamac Vail lepoita th it Mi Inglis, a diovei, was fouud demi on tho load about nine miles w est of Muttabuin At the time of lus death he was on his w ij to take eli n"o of the Katandra cattle As he w as alone at the time, the piccise manuel in which the accident oceuiled cm only boa subject foi conjectiue It is supposed, how ev ei, that lu w is tluow n m the hist instance anti subsequently kicked bj Ins hoi se On the mattet being ii pot ted in Muttabulla, hei"e mt Munaj took the neccs s u y steps Lain puticulus ii oin a cone »pondiut at Muttabulla state that the body was f omul on Linda mu O ni of the innis ind a leg was hioV.cn and theie appeared tobo minks of a kick on the he id. Whin thcMuustci foi Woiksfoi New.South Wales, a few dnjsbick, infoimcd the gentle men who waited upon linn to plead foi a ti am i\ti liston that the tiiniswcie not j ulding a motitof 2J pu cent, heastonishid moie than his hcarois Iheie has been since the hist i ids wen laid along riuabcth sticet in 1¡>7(' an impression Hut the tiani tais weie moniv making concerns, i etui nmg immense lates of mteiest upon the capital invested Such is not tile eise Tho Mnustei spoko well within the maik Mj candid opinion, which is not founded on mcie idle liimoiu, is that they mc not pojmg li pei cent piont on ordinal y mteiest It will iiquno good niiuiugenient to keep them going w lill any piont, and if thcio aie not sevoiul saluttuj changes thej will be um at a loss Hie nils me not what tin j should bi, noi mo the cms and motois suitable foi the tiathc It is well that these facts should bo well iccognised 'Hie motois nie much too heavj A Hist class ono weighs 12 tons, anda large cn 7 J tons Place two ens behind a raotoi, and thoio me 27 tons of dead weight to eau j saj 210 passengeis, weighing, saj 17 tono. But how often does it happen that the motois and uns lum to inn along the lines when nut quiutei tilled' In such cases the 27 tons de id wci"htis committing vuai-and teal, so that foin tons niiij be conveved 'Hie nuls aie of such a foi in that the dut is wedged into thom so fast that the pctiuaueiit wav men have to use picks to dislodge it Hie Uboui involved on motois, lins, and ti ticks is much hcaviei than it need be 'Hint these aie not mcio haphiv/nid cotijecttuos, timo will show Bv and bj theie will be heavy bills to meet, and possibl) people will sav, "Pity 'tis we did not have tho piopoi wulunvs instead of these 8ticctspoiloii>"--"Moddlot," In the Sydney Hail, The first application of clectnc railways to the purposes of undeiground work in mines has been made m the Royal Saxon collieries near Zauckciodc It has just been opened' and is said to w ork excellently Tins electric minc lailway soi tes for transpoi ting coal m a tiaverse heading of the 250 metre level Tho locomotitc, only 2ft 7in broad, weighs, ac coi ding to hilliers Annalen, 1500 kilogrammes (about 1 ton and a half), and moves 10 trucks weighing (loaded) 10 tons each, at a rate of 10ft per second The transmission of power is not ctfected by a conti e rail but by a small contact carnage protidcd with brushes, run- ning upon iron rails, which is fixed, isolated to the roof of the heading The railway is at woik from 4 a ni to 11 p m Judging by the experiences of the Paris clectnc railways, it may be adusablc (obsertcs that journal) to let the contact eau togo tun along a pipe instead of nils to prevent its dei ailment We hear that the Berlin West end Electric Radway 13 being icconsti ucted on this pi lnciplc Tut Neto Zealand Herald of the 22nd January says -"A few weeks ago a lepoit was tele giaphcd fiom the South that a Mi J g jj, Jacobson had found what he believed to be diamonds 111 Cantei bul j The 1 epoi t, how et er stated that sonic of tho stones weie soft A. woithy old Auckland sottlei, named Mr Aiclubald Douglas, who has tiatelled a good deal, like most Scotsmen, and been w hoi e dia- monds were discotei ed 111 a natural condition has picked np it fe» stones ona londhe has had occasion to travel frequently of late The stones ho has found aro all diamond shaped, but comparatively small The fiist thing that attracted his attention to the cijstal looking specks on the road he was tiaversmg was, one morning, after a heavy ram, he found one of them lying on a blade of giass The blade of grass did not appeal to be weighed down bj it Ho stooped aud picked it up, and on examination found it to be diamond shaped A furthci seal eli in the neigbourhood put him in possession of a num. bcr of these blight stones On 1 caching home he examined them more caiefullj, and found that the} weie hghtei than watei On the next and subsequent occasions that ho passed the same place he has always picked up a number of stones of a like charactei AU were diamond shaped, and all possessed the light specific gravity He «ubscqucntlj ob taincd some stiong sulphunc acid, and îm meised a quantity of these stones in it, and aftei an iniraeision extending otei twelve hours found the stones, instcid of being destioycd, much blighter in appearance, and some patches of discolouiation on some of the stones when placed in the acid were 1 emoted bj its action. On Satinday lost he showed us some twenty 01 tim ty of these stones, and, certainly, thej possess the outward characteristic of diamonds Whero found, the diamonds appear to hate been tt ashed down bj the rams, but m the ncigh bouihood is what appears to be an old volcano, the outline of thociater being still distinctly visible' Mi Courtney, a retained diamond minor from South Afuca, has had an interview with Mr Douglas, and examined a huge mun» bei of the specimens in his possession Mr. Com tncy has picked out set ci al pieces which he is quite sure arc diamonds of lair quality, though tcrj small, but the gicatei num- ber of the white stones 111 Mi Douglas's possession he has pionounccd to be white cathou in the pioccss of foi mahon into (lia monds In South Afnci this white and crjstalhne cn bon is called 'the fither of the diamond,' it being tho belief of the mincis thcic that all these pieces onlj wanta suthcicntlj long continuance of the conditions wInch brought thom into existence to contort them into the exceedingly h-itd and taluablc fern which we knott bj the name of diuuond 11 South Afuca these pieces of white caibon aro found 111 abundincc in all the diamond inincs, a circumstance which the mineisthere alw aj s 1 eg 11 d as a f it oin able sign T he stones weie gathcicd by Mi Douglas about tinco j cn s igo, and ho had kept them 111 his posses- sion since then, thinking that some daj ho might be able to pi ote what thej weie, mid bencht to some extent bj his discotei j The discotcij was m ide on pi it ate land, and this, of com se, somewhat complicates tho ncgotia tions until such time ns it is known tt bethel the ottnei would be nilling to deni fanly and hbci illj with the discotei ci ' The steamer Ins will lcito to morrow for Southpoit indïteiing PoLilM foi the Ithaca Ditisional Bond will t ike pi ice on i'ucsd ij, the 1 tth instant lui Commissionei foi Railw ijs ndvcitises foi tendéis foi the election of a goods shed and cott ige at Hodgson A. mi el li gcncial meeting of the Commoi enl Honing Club will be held at the Post OlhceHotel this evening Ox bitiudaj next the second clet cn of the Stmlct Gucket Club will play the second elcteu of the Vlbcits at Hamilton, AiOMIli mil duimntic ciitcitaiiimciit m ni 1 of the building fund of tilt K ingaroo Point Rowing Glub will be held at the Vlbeit Hall on 21st 1 ebiuaij Li 1 ti lixx lu, of Queenton neu Clruttis lottcis was jcstcrdiit adjudicated nisolt eut on his ow n petition J he lu st niect lBg has been fixed foi the 22ml instant Run nilli 111 subdit isions 1 and 2 of tho Indooioopillj Ditision who li ito not lcccitcd then billot pipéis bt j«) t will be supplied with duplicates on enlim,, it ti e bonidsothcc, 1 uin.fl, on the 10th Hist mt befoie i p 111 Antic KM m itch has been 11 ranged to take nlici on Mon luj, l'llli leburuj, at Oxlcj, between the nioducc bujeis and. uictionceis on one side and the butehei s of the disti let on tho othei sidi thcdisplnt of tin let muj not bo as nitci csting as th it it 1' i"lt I it in last weekr but thcio will be somt lind hitting,' anda pleasant' outing maj be nnticip ited Mu txu Mits H vin uppcued again last night in then hi"hlj successful cntcitainmcnt entttkd ' Hi] pj Houi» ' 'Jodny an entilo chance of pi ogi mime is innounced tile pieces being 'Double Dealings' "Woman's a Mysteiv ' and " King Hcnij t Little Gamo" and if the new wine pi otes ils good as the old Mr and Mi s Hai t maj 1 ecken on a tt eil filled house et ci j et e lung Ar the sittings of the Pettj Debts Court testoidnj bcfoic Messis V Beattie and R. S» Wau j, JIP (as pel lostei), in the defended 1 ascot W Sheehan t M Bain, claim foi £"$ Hw (id Mi lit 1 ne, msti ucted bt Mr Moc phcison, appealed foi defendant, foi whom a teidict was giten with 10s Gd piofcssional costs and 2s costs of pica In the defended cut of W Hallt W li Qunlttough, avordict tvns given foi plaintiff foi tils to bo 1 educed to Ss upon the defendant oomplj ing w îtlt cer* tain conditions Al tho Police Conti jcsteulaj, William Bondman elm "ed with bin "hut mdlhonios 0 Kcllj, alta* Vallon, chaigcd with false pre- tences and foiguj, were both remanded till to monow without any fin tim et idenco being taken John Picicht and Janies M'Grath, chai god with hating committed 1 eumina! offcnci upon Tañe Tu mci on Jjudav last, wcro committed foi trial iu the next sittings of tho Supicme Oouit Ile defence w is icseitcd Selina Djko was sentenced to one month's im pusotimcut without the option of a hue, foi assaulting Tilj Wtjn, a child fivoyeais old; und Mai j Ami Rollins found guilt j of hating no iawful means of snppoit was sentenced to six months imprisonment, with haul labom Dinuxi the week ended jctorda) piobatos hate been gi anti d out of the Supreme Court 1 u the following tulls -Jolji Camelon of Hughenden, stc<-ekcepii to John M'Donald and lohn Aiclubald of Cb 11 tei s Towers, per- sonalty swim undei 111)0 Samuel Charles Skinnei of Rod hampton rniuci to William Alf 1 ed Dig"cus of Rockhampton, personalty stt 01 n undei £200 In the follow ing tt ills lottors of administration weie "united - Mai ia OSluiughncsst to Piitiick O "sluuighnessi, of Kcdiou H rook goods stt 01 n unihi ¿50, Thomas Hutmill lite of C1«mont store- keeper to tunic Hitln'd ttldow, goods stt01 n undei £12,200 John Cullen, late of lu aron Gi eck nuu lluudabeig, stockman, to Agnes Cullen goods stt 0111 uinli 1 t-00, Joseph Mul- ligan late of Tot titubo Yallet, c»l> piopuetpi, to Mart Mulligan personan) swoui undei ilt)0 undi colt j main ¿ >00 U\nrn dnti 5th Vc iii mut the following not 1 tient ion lins been published - l'hi wenthei has lu cn much cooli 1 than usual during Tiuiuiiij the mean sh ide it 1111 li Hiiro, <b - » King J J uiiilu the atna,') of this month foi tho la t tin ti ¿M and 2 -s un lu the nteingo of the pietioiibthiec jeuvs 1 ho highest 1 catt ing in shade, '12 0* t äs on tho 22n 1 the lowest on "'ij.s, 01 >, *as on tho morning01 tin 17th The mein bnomctuc h «dim?» 2,)'US inches, is 0 0CC inches umUi in" atciago of the mouth foi this last ten jcai» j the highest iciuhiig, »072 inches, was at ' mu on tho 14th, and the lowest «HW, at J p m on the 22nd Rain fell on nineteen du) s » the total fall, S 20 inches, being 21*niche»ovci tho at outgo of the month foi the l>ie\i°»s ¿«J? j 1 ai s 1 he niiixlmum fall dm ¡ng tw Ç»,»^,»»" horns, 1 70 inches, was on tho Cth -M^M> M vc DOSM.U, Goternmont Meteorological ObMrver. 