THE SKETCHER. MORMONLAND. I. BY MONCURE D. CONWAY. While crossing the plains between Omaha and the Rocky Mountains, travellers are compelled to turn from the desolations of outward nature, and seek relief from monoto- nous days by making acquaintance with those around them. Even the railway con- ductors become humanised, and make friends with the children, or even flirt a little with the ladies who may be placed under their charge. To look out of the window is to feel the cold spirit of pessimism pervading the nerves; on the other hand, the most ordinary person at one's side becomes gracious and attractive in contrast with the desert, and one glides insensibly into an optimistic frame of mind. At this distance of time and space I feel uncertain whether Mr. John Young, 1 the distinguished son of the sainted Brigham Young, of Mormonland, is really so attractive a man as he appeared to me on that day, near the middle of last August, when I was intro- duced to him on the railway train. A blonde gentleman of about 40 years, with clear grey eyes, well cut features, a strong forehead, was this favourite son of the late Mormon chief, and he was perfectly frank in his conversation, no change in this respect being noticeable after I had intimated that I should probably use in public what information I might receive from him. One thing somewhat impressed and amused me—an occasional soupçon of unconscious heuteur whenever he spoke of the Gentiles; it suggested the con- ventional lord alluding to the paravenu herd. This was but natural; the Mormons are the Salt Lake landed aristocracy; the Gentiles of that region are people of the pavement, vir- tually disfranchised. Mr Young is a vigorous talker, shrewd and satirical, and very well informed, although without scholastic culture. Our conversation naturally turned upon the one all-absorbing theme at Salt Lake—poly- gamy. I was quite willing to approach the subject from the historical and sociological point of view. He did not know, but was evidently glad to learn, that after the Thirty Years' War a German Government legalised and encouraged polygamy as the means of recovering population. He had read Mr. Lecky's suggestions favourable to the restora- tion of a carefully regulated concubinage in the interest of morality. I mentioned to him the view suggested by social development in the past, that polygamy was inevitable in the swarming populations of the far east, where, through the westward migrations of men, a large excess of females over males had become normal; but how, I asked, could this be applied to a region where the men far ex- ceed the women in number? He said that in Utah there was no such disparity; the Gentiles in Utah were mainly adventurers, who, no doubt, desired their Mormon women for im- moral purposes, but did not want to marry. It is conceded by some of the ablest thinkers that man is naturally a polygamist, whereas woman is by nature monogamic. The evo- lution of man has been in the ship and the camp, but that of woman has been in the home, which is founded in the con- stancy of one to one. This I said to Mr. Young, and inquired whether it was not found that the Mormon system came into collision with the sentiment and instinct of woman. He did not deny that polygamy involved a sacrifice on the woman's part of that kind of love which he described as "infatua- tion," but the Mormon woman recognises the superiority of man, and that it is idle to go contrary to the nature of man; also, she has a compensation for all such sacrifices in satisfaction of the maternal instinct. "Among our people the birth, in- crease, and nurture of children are supreme and sacred ends; maternal feelings are developed at an early period, and in the gratification of these women find the highest and purest happiness." I here began to give my reasons for believing that in regard to all matters pertaining to sex, home, children, woman was not the inferior of man, but his superior; that polygamy, being the mascu- line régime, had never in the past and in the East produced happy and cultured homes, such as are seen in countries where the monogamic or feminine principle prevails. Mr. Young saw the vulnerable point in this position—that for those happy and cultured homes, thousands of women must be homeless outcasts. He main- tained that, after all, monogamy is a failure; that there is just as much polygamy in the professedly monogamic countries as in Salt Lake, only of a kind which ruins women instead of protecting them. It then became a question as to whether the social aim, the ideal, ought to be polygamy or monogamy; ought man to adapt his nature steadily to the instincts of women, or she gradually abandon her notions of marital constancy to one? Here a vulnerable point was touched in the Mormon armour, for the Latter Day Saint has a frantic enthusiasm for constancy to one husband on the part of woman. At last it had to come out. Close logical moves on our chess-board of discussion cleared the board of all side issues, and it was made plain that the Mormon principle rested not on reason- ing but on authority. It was a matter of divine revelation, all this about the inferi- ority of woman, the sanctity of childbearing, and polygamy. It is quite useless to argue with a position that was never taken up through argument, and which does not hold itself amenable to human reason or expe- rience. On Sunday morning I attended the great Mormon Tabernacle. There was something strange, almost weird, in entering this largest temple consecrated to Judaic dogmas since the destruction of Jerusalem. It had been given floral decorations and green festoons for some occasion; in the centre was a large fountain supported by lions. The vast audience had a homely look; the ex- ceptionally plain, not to say ugly appearance of the women may have been due to their slovenly, unlovely dresses. What ornamenta- tion there was seemed to have followed the primitive law of nature, which, in the lower orders, gives the more brilliant plumage and brave decoration to males. The elders, sitting rank above rank in their three circular gallery pulpits, in front of the magnificent organ, had nothing clerical about them; they wore grey clothes and white waistcoats, and were just such people as one might expect to meet in Picadilly on a midsummer day. The choir led finely, the congregation sang heartily, and while the music lasted one might fancy oneself in a great old- fashioned New England meeting-house. But when the singing and the organ ceased, the unique character of the place began to impress me; and when I listened to the sermon, it carried me quite out of the nineteenth cen- tury, nay, far back into the pre-Christian era, and to Syrian morning-lands. The preacher was Elder Penrose, editor of the Deseret News. He was in grey morning dress, and otherwise had the appearance of a solid Eng- lishman. He took no text, but entered straightway into his hour's review of the principles and position of Mormonism. He was a very clever man, and his voice, which without effort reached every part of the vast tabernacle, had in it the ring and force of a practised orator. His gesticulations were few; and of the simplest character. In manner he was somewhat like the eloquent Dr. Liddon, of St. Paul's Cathedral, and he possessed all the ingenuity and satirical power of the famous London clergyman. Among his many "hits," one followed a quotation from the words of Christ, concern- ing those who should come from the east and the west and sit down in the kingdom of heaven with Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob. He remarked that it was but natural that if these patriarchs were in the kingdom of heaven, all their wives should be there too. But in that case, he feared, many of the particularly righteous and moral people of that region would run away; it would not suit their ideas of propriety to sit down with patriarchs with more than one wife, however much it might suit Jesus Christ. At this point I observed more than one materfamilias with her brood around her becoming uneasy, and one stout British matron marched out stoutly at the head of her young procession. The preacher was, indeed, somewhat Jesuitical now and then, and when the Bible did not supply him with sufficient support he quoted from Joe Smith's revelation, which being in biblical style, might easily have led many of the young people present to believe that he was quoting Scripture. So far, however, as the letter of Scripture is concerned, it was the most thoroughly biblical sermon I ever listened to. It was a complete importation of ancient Syria into Western America. This was strange enough, and it impressed me somewhat in the same way as did the Passion Play of Oberammergau, or the performance of the "Agememnon" in Greek by Oxford students. When I came out it required a little time before I could feel that I was in the nineteenth century still, and in America. Surely that blue water was not Salt Lake, but the Sea of Galilee; these are the mountains round about Jerusalem, and the river there is the Jordan, whose name it has borne since the Mormons refugees found here their Canaan. And truly it is beautiful in its situation, this Latter day City of Saints; its lake is more beautiful than I have seen in Italy or Switzerland, and to bathe in its blue waters—on which one may recline, to sink being impossible—is an im- mersion that any Gentile may be glad to share with the Mormons and Mormonesses, who become picturesque when set in such crystal. One evening, while at Salt Lake City, I met a company of prominent men who had joined in the recent schism of the church, and with some eminent Gentiles. It was a sort of conference in which the opinion was freely expressed that affairs in Utah were steadily moving towards a violent collision between the Gentiles and the Mor- mons. I asked why this could not be averted, and several of the persons said that it was because the religious influences of the neigh- bourhood, exerted by the usual sects, were powerless against polygamy. The Mormons planted themselves on the Bible, on the full and infallible authority of it, on the polygamous marriages of the patri- archs, on the absence of any Scriptural word against polygamy; and the sects of the neighbourhood were unable to assail their stronghold. They also sanctify the same ancient exemplars, and so supply the moral habitat in which the system can sustain itself against the opposition of men of the world who find it more and more incompa- tible with the social and political develop- ment of Utah. Slavery equally supported itself by patriarchal example and on biblical texts, and had, therefore, to be settled at last by the forces of necessity. At present there is no religious or theological agitation against polygamy in America. A Methodist doctor of divinity (Newman) once went out there to preach against the Scriptural character of polygamy, and was quite over- whelmed by the Mormons. His defeat was acknowledged. A New England lady present in our conference, wife of a United States officer, declared that in discussion with Mormon women, "If you once accept the authority of the Bible, you are lost." One distinguished and wealthy gentleman, prominent among those who lately abandoned Mormonism, declared that he had originally joined the Latter Day Saints through his unquestioning belief in the literal authority of the Bible, and that he never doubted the rectitude of the patriarchal practice as to marriage until he became imbued with the scepticism of the times. Others gave a similar testimony, and declared their belief that the root of Mormon polygamy was by no means sensuality, but superstition. In the course of this curious conference at Salt Lake City, several queer beliefs held by some of the Mormons were mentioned, of which I had never before heard. Thus, Brigham Young held the belief in what he called "Adam-God." It seems to be that Adam was a kind of god of this earth; he had a vast progeny before his appearance on earth, but these, his offspring, were bodiless spirits. Adam was assigned this earth that his brood of ghosts might be embodied, and the reproduction and increase of the human family since Adam's time is simply the in- carnation of his spirit-children, whose souls were begotten before the creation. This looks like one of the quaint speculations with which one sometimes meets in the Talmud. There is also a good deal in the "revelations" of Joe Smith closely resembling modern "spiritualism;" and some of the persons who have recently abandoned the Mormon Church explain Joe Smith's visions and utterances as "mediumship." I learnt at Salt Lake City that the Mormon movement is a very powerful one, that it has a fair pros- pect of becoming an even stronger political and social factor than it is now; that it has a large railway interest and important influence in several states and territories, and is gaining powerful defenders, such as the late Judge Black. As an illustration of what the worship of the letter tends to produce in a free country it is worthy of a more careful study than it has yet received. What study I was myself able to make of it in a few days' visit cannot be given here, but I am able to contribute a narrative which may shed more light on the whole subject than many discussions. 