(vnou ovu conuKsroNnKNT.I AN unfortunate accident happened ta Messrs Davis and Havinden's steamer " Dido " on Saturday night, ar early on Sunday morning. After her Saturday's trip steam was blown off, and she wasl left securely moored to the wharf, but on Sunday morning early, when Mr Davis went to look at her, she was sunk, and only tho funnel and awning were above water. The goods were removed as soon as possible by a number of volunteer divers, and attempts were made to raise her, but the gear gave way twice just as she was at the surface of the water. However, on Mon- day morning, she was successfully floated by means of stronger tackling and Mr Foggo's punt. I am sorry to add. that a pretty heavy loss will follow this mishap, as there were a large number of groceries on board, and a valuable assortment of soft goods, besides other perishable articles, which were more or less damaged by the salt water. Brushgrove has ab last shown signs of a reviving vitality in tho cricketing lino, a olub having boon formed, and a capital sot of materials purchased. I hear a practico match between sides chosen from tho members of the olub will be played next Satur- day afternoon. Dr Hedley has been appointed secretary and treasurer, and I believe he has made arrangement« for clea'ing and improving the ground chosen. Tho olnb, I understand, would bo happy to receive a challengo from any of its rivals, and visit- ing teams will find a rauch better playing ground than heretofore. A few energetic sportsmen have boen doing their lovel best to abate tho flying fox nuisance down hero. The Grafton committee need not be surprised if thoy have to draw largely on their exohequer. for judging by tho number of reports heard on Heliman Island, these fruit-loving pests must have had a bad time of it. A son of Mr M. Ohisler met with an unfortunate accident last Tuesday week. It appears that ha was chasing a refractory cow, nnd in trying to drive her into the ynrd fell over a ropo, and, putting ont his hands to Bava himself all his weight carno upon his right arm which was fractured just above the wrist. Ho was at onco taken to Dr. Hedley, who reduced tho fracturo, and I bcliovo tho patient is now progressing as favourably OB possible Have you a dyspeptio up in Grafton 1 If so send him along, for I verily behave since tho luto rain, the smiles on the 'farmers faces would drive dull caro away from tho greatest Hypochondriac under tho sun ; and tho satisfied air with which each follower of tho "plough says " Grand rain 1" as ho groote you, would lead ono to believe that he had just swapped a broken dawn hack for a fino sound draught horse with his best friend.-Hist October. A very interesting memorial of tho late Archbishop of Sydney has just boon executed hy Mr G. J. Bro! nowski. Some time ago tho artist designed and drew IIB small block and white sketches of scenes from tho Now Testament, commencing with tho ser mon'on the Mount, and ending with the descent of tho Holy Ghost. Of these Archbishop Vaughan him- self wrote :-" It affords me much ploasuro to be able to speak of Mr G. J. Broinowski's work 1 Via Crusts ' in terms of praise. The subject is truly devotional, and the design in keeping with refined taste." This main design is now surrounded by a beautifully finished border, which gives it somewhat the appear- ance of a lancet-shaped han relief, with Gothic finials. On tho right is n faithful portrait of Archbishop Vaughan, and on the loft one of Archbishop Folding, and below are smaller figures representing St. Gre- gory, the Venerable Bede, St. Benedict, and St. Augustine.' There is also a representation of St. Mary's Cathedral as it will appear when finished, and tho inscription is. " In memoriam Jlngerl Beda Vaughan, U, ti. B., treuiidt Arelilealucn/il rt Metre puUtaiii Siitnietuit, vi Aiutralla." In sizo tho design is 4(1 inches by 82 inches. In the adversity of oar bost friends we often find something that is not displeasing to us. 