IN THE DEATIL STATION. 7ROM IT.E r.ECOLT,ECTIONS OF A SII:EP.IAN reorritE. I had lived four years at oeile in Siberia, in the vi:lage of Ilalachnc, when one night the opportunity c:ime to oseape with the horse and sleigh h, ,l.nging , o the inspector of the exiles. I fl, O,Irt of the village and ell night long through solitary plains of anow without e-opping. As dawn ap, preached I saw a village on my right, but fearing recognition and capture I wer,t on across the endless wastes of snow, after paus ing down in a ravine in feed my horse' and strengthen myself with brandy. On I went the whole day without having seen a single human being. Powards night my horse grew weary and soon could only walk. At. hlst he stood still, panting heavily. I was uneasy, for I feared if I remained quiet therr on the plain, I might be surprised either by wolves or by the innumerable tramps of Siberia. "Un fnrtunstely.I did not know in what direction I had journeyed during the last hours, for I might have appronsmhed the place I stirted from. For readiness in any case, I drew out two revolvers, also stolen from our inspector, charged each barrel with ball and laid them both before me. After my horse had stood awhile and eaten snow, he showed readiness to proceed. But whither ? I did not know, and left it to the horse to go where he would. As soon as he felt the loose rein be turned at once to the left and went off in a quick trot. Meanwhile it grew darker and darker till at last I could sc;zrcely see a step before me. But the horse teemed to trace something, for be pointed his ears continually and looked steadily before him. I also was watchfal, and standing up in the sleigh, gazed straight ahead. But I saw and heard nothing, and was about to sit down again when I suddenly prceeived a point of light in the distance. My horse also saw it and trotted faster for ward. The light might come from a farm house window,but it might also came from a hre built by wanderers in the snowy desert. "Be it what it may." I said to myself, "I must get out of this incertain situation though I fall in with robbers." Soon afterwards I coold discern the outline of a great structure which stood alone in the middle of the desert, and from whose one window the rays of light shone. I was especially s:ruck with the loneliness of the building and the smrke which came from the one window. Afraid of being observed, I drove slowly and quietly up, stopped by the back wail of the strange building, fastened the horse to a post, threw a heap of hna before him, and then stole cautiously and noiselessly up to the window whenee the light streamed. Accustomed to the darkness, my eyes could at first distinguish nothing of the interior; it was only after some minutes that I realized the pieture presented to my view. But this scene was so frightful that my blood curdled in my veins, my hair rose on end and a col' sweat broke out on my brow. The whole interior of the building was. illed with smoke which rose fromr a burning pile of logs in the centie. Round this fire sat three men whose faces had a fantastic lok in the red :low of the fire. e'ear the hearth, in the loose boards of the Roor, a great opening was visible, from, which six men, one after another, aooa came out, and I each bore a stiffened human corpse! The bodies were wrapped only in linen, and were ehalk-white from frost. The bearers wore peasants' dress, and were robust fellows with rough, repulsive faces.. Two of the men sitting round the fire were dressed in city clothes, while the third ap. peared like a butcher; he wore the blue apron, h ad his sleeves rolled up and held a great knife in his hand. Whenr the six peasants entered with their dlreadful burden, the three stepped back from the fire, and the six corpses were put in their place, erect round the pile of logs like candles t It was a horrible sight for me ! The fire glared upon the white forms of the- dead,. while over their heads the black smoke gathered, Id istinguished among :hem four men, :i wo.nan and a boy. One of the male. corpses ha] a beard of extraordinary length.. When the bodies woere somewhat thawed they wore taken by the peasants from the fire and laid on the floor on the outspread linen, At the same moment the "Cbutcher" went up to the corpses with his great knife and thrust it deep in tho- abdomen of the one nearest him., I could not explain to myself! the meaning of this ,whole scene: Isimply stared, and saw how with almost indiffelrence the " butcher" ripped open the abdomon, i took out the insides, carved, divided, andi showed to the city dressed men, and thenu thrust again. 'into the body belbnging to lhem. I had often in my life witnessed terrible events, but what I. saw here went beyond alli human conception. It; seemed to be that all this was more a fantasy of my wearied brain than a reality. I remembered how authorsi of horribl etales after presenting a train of impossible, unheard of occurrences and ex- ! eiting the reader's curiosity to the highesti degree, suddenly broke off with the simple sentence: "IE walked' up, the bright sun. I shine, etc." Whet happened in. romances. might be ain realiry. I rubbed my eyes, i looked, tried to collect my thoughts, in vain ! I did not s?eep, I saw, I hoard, I breathed! Before re the wail of the awful building,. blackened by the external storms, near mel my tothered' horse, and my sleigh;. ell about rume a boundless waste ot snow; above me the sullen clouded Siberian heavens. Wht shonll Ido? I thought to myself Should I fly 9? Bn~ where?' Or should I penetrate into the house and shoot down these de~ecrators orf the dead ?' Terrified, henumbed. I stood there half dead, and did not know what to dlecide upon. At l..st I concluded to abandon this un lucky post of observation. I wanted to stAel softly to my sl ih again and run up and down, hlot my fe-t refused to serve me I tr.ied to scream out, but mry voice died in my throat. An- impenetrable mist veiled my though's, paralyseol my will. Ialready began to doubt the correctness of my judg. ment. I couLM not understand who I: was, who these direadful people were, what was the object of their terrible doings. Finally the mroment camne, the one momento in, my life when I began to believe in a supernauural wti,!, in ghosts or mRys:ic sorcery. But this mmnent did not la.st long. Then, as I so, porplexedl, mused! ":ndl .':red w:thio. 1 sua:duitenlv fel; eomno:,o from belhind seize me Iy my fur collar and roar fearfully ati mo. Like a broken straw I droppoel without a sound, and knew no more that hnppened to me. Wherf I recoveredl my cnbciousness and opened my eyvs, I lay in the snow while the two m1en in city clothes rubbed my forehead wi'h snow and tried to revive and encourage (lie , You are frightened, my friend." one of them said to me. "Do not fear; we will d., nothing to you- We are doctors, and here only in the discharge of onr duty." "Yes-hut the corpses." I could scarcely utter the words. " The cojpasee, brother," one of the men replied. " are of the peasants in this region who died of cholera, and here in the Death 8ration we have dissected them. By acci dent you witnessed the most repugnant work of our office. Such a scene is offensive to anyori, but moit so to those who have never before seen it. If it is agreeable to you to travel with us to the next post ttation, it will give us great pleasure," con elude- the amiable doctor. But I thanked him for his invitation pleaded a pressing business journey, climbed then with the assistance of both doctors into my sleigh, and rode swift a; an arrow off and away. I breathed freely when I felt myse:f alone again on the plins, but I was long agitated by what I had seen in the Lonely Death Station. In Siberia suddendeaths frequently occur, but there in such a case they may not inter the body without its inspection by the police and a post mortem' examination by physi cians; lut the number of doctors in Siberia is insufficient, ao, between the BoKitary villaies so-ealled Death Stations are erected, to which the dead are brought and placed in cold cellars built for them, remaining there till a police and medical commission arrives and examines them. Then, only, are they separately conveyed to their lonely burial places and. interred. Thas I was the involuntary witness of such a judicialypos mortem, and I shudder even now when I recall that night during my fli.ht from Siberia.-1-iom l?e German: i- ------ 