LAUNCESTON EXAMINER. PUBLISIHED DAILY. TUESDAY, OCTOBERI 30. WE have repeatedly urged the ad visableness of opening up the outlying districts by light and cheap lines of rail way, which would serve as feeders to the main and more substantially constructed lines, and would amply supply the re quirements of the districts traversed for many years to come, at a moderate cost, and Parliament has now decided to con etruct an experimental line of light rail way, from the station at Ptarattah on the Main Line Railway,to Oatlands township, though the manner in which this addition to the railway policy has boon hastily made and hurriedly passed through both Houses at the fag end of the session is not creditable from either a legislative P or beineoss point of view. The length of the proposed line to Onat- DI lands is four miles, and the estimated 0 coat is £8000, which seems large in corn- al parison]with the price per mile at which Ce similar light railways are laid down in , other countries, but the sum should con- tf struct an etlicient and well-equipped line, ca though it ought to be worked at a smaller cost than that stated by the Chief Secro- b tary-£1000 per annum. There willouly t, be a station at either end, and that at c Parattah can be managed by the Main Line officials-just as the Evandale June tion station of the Main Line n is worked by the L. and W. Rail- t1 way staff-far more cheaply than the Al Government can do it by maintaining a separate staff of offcials. In connection J with the debate on the Oatlands Railway I Bill in the Council on Friday evening, there is one point worthy of notice, as showing that the hen. A. M'Gregor is to not singular in his method of deciding h upon the merits of railway proposals, namely, by calculating how much the t, south will receive, and how much will go c to the north, for we find the hon. W. L. a Crowther arguing in much the same strain. This honourable member hoped, before the Council met again, the Govern- n ment " would cast about and look o about to see what could be done in the a southern portion of the island, as for r every mile of railway in the south the I north had twenty miles." This appears a in very sad state of affairs to the doctor and i should be remedied without delay, and a doubtless it also vexes his soul that all o the best areas of agricultural land, all the a goldfields and tin mines, and the bulk of t the population, opterprise and trade of " the island are located in that dreadful place, "the north." And worse still, there is danger, that if the outlying dis- I tricts and the resources of this objection. able end of the Island are opened up the lines will pay, and thereby furnish I " grounds for demanding further ox- a tensions of railway communication, while in the beloved south, where even a coasting steamer or a river ferryboat can not be maintained without a Government c subsidy, there'is no danger that no mat ter how much hMinisters may " cast I about and look about" as affectionately exhorted to do, they cannot find any" routes that will develop anything in 5 particular or prove remunerative. Truly the ideas of some of our legislators as to what constitutes a "national railway c policy" are very peculiar indeed. Tne Australian Health Society seems to be doing good and useful work in I Victoria, where it has been in existence I for some years. We learn from a Mel 1 bourne contemporary that it arranges lectures and publishes tracts in all branches of sanitary science; it inculcates 1 precepts of cleanliness on children at the impressive period of their school days; it has opened a central office in Melbourne, and has provided a library which is yearly growing in size and utility, while its roll of members is inorgasing and multiplying, and its finances are in a flourishing condi tion. The society exercises its influence in a variety of ways. For instance, under its auspices Meetings for Wives and Daughters are regillarly held. The nature. and object of tfiese meetings are ex plained in a paperi recently read by Miss d Niven, the honorary secretary to the so. G ciety. This paper is referred to by the dMel bourne Daily Telegraph in the following terms :-" In an unpretentious part of h Collingwood, judiciously selected from its being the centre of a large and a poor neighbourhood, week after week these excellent little meetings are held to teach the wives and the mothers of the sons of toil the innumerable small comforts and inexpensive luxuries which can beautify and purify the short and simple annals of the poor. It is exceedingly encouraging to find that the society's well-meant efforts are appreciated by. the class for whose benefit they are intended, and it is t an especially encouraging. and pleasing fact that a large number of young wives and mothers are to be found among the regular attendants at the weekly meet ings. Young wives and mothers are rather inclined to fancy that the mere ci fact of their being wives and mothers of necessity constitutes them competent judges of, and finished caterers for, the thousand and one wants of the young family, and the no less imperative noces. 0sities of the young family's father. In 8 fancy and childhood are trying times 11 under thenmost favourable circumstances, r- and require the tenderest and most watchful care. If not born to the purple, the poor man's child still is shares with the young plutocrat all the 1, ills that baby humanity is heir to. To minister to these infirmities is one of ,the objects of the society's weekly moet ings, and addresses are read by ladies of al experience on such subjects as clothing, rest, and exercise, circulation, food, d cookery, the management of infants, the al training of children, and general house hold management. Simple and ordinary these matters will seem, no doubt, to many a young wife and many a young al mother. But it is to this very feelieg, and its attendant habit of treating them with * indifference, of accepting things as done D- simply because they ought to be done, li that large numbers of unhealthy chil. he dren, with the inevitable consequence of sickly maturity,is distinctly attributable." Is there not proportionatelyfullyasgreat a necessity for health societies in Tas Smania as in Victoria \- INWARD EwKoIItos MILSs.-ThOe R ,.S. Ballarat, with the English mails up to 21st ult., loft Adelaide at 2 o'clock on Sunday afternoon, and will reach Hob son's Bay to-day. The s.s. Flinders, Safter tranashipping the Tasmanian portion of the mails, will leave at 11 o'clock this morning, arriving here early to-morrow morning. Viae REoAL.-Through the coulrtesy of the Private Secretary we learn that d- His Exi:ollency Sir G. C. Strahlan will ng arrive in Launceston on Thursday next il- from Hobart, and proceed to Melbourno he by the s.s. Flinders, which leaves at 2 p.m., on a visit to Victoria. His Excel ed lency expects to be absent from the re- colony for a fortnight or three weeks. or A "Goon PAyliNo" HeN.-Mr. IBoulter, tof the Quoeen's Head Hotel, HIumffray Sstreet, Ballarat, has what may be termed a "good-paying" hen. The owner informns il- the Stlar that the fowl, a pullet, oni Mon he day, Oct. 22, laid an egg measuring longi p, tudinally 4.in. and circumferentially 4in. On the following morning the fowl laid an egg Sin. longitudinally and 6fin. circum ily ferontially. This information will pro ith bably interest poultry breeders. TIe Peass AssAULT CASE.-At the Police Court yesterday, when the charge us shoeet had beeoon cleared and the charge of no assault preferrod by Mir. Brickhill, pro= va prietor of the Daily Telegraph, againsto c Charlos" E. Ralston, for assault, was ad about to be called on, Mr. Collins, OC counsel for the defendant, rose, and with ti some tact anticipated the formal reading di of the charge. He said he took advan- st tage of the opportunity, before another h, case was called on, to mention the infor- re mation laid by Mr. Brickhill against Mr. fe Ralston for assault, which was to have B boon heard that day. He was very glad re to be able.to state that Mr. Briokhill had t1 eonseittod to withdraw the charge, M?. in Ralston having ottered him a full and tl ample apology for the assault. Counsel w asked that he might be permitted, as a w matter of justice to )ir. Brickhill, to read so the apology, which had been written and tl signed by Mr. Ralston. - Io'then read ti the documenont, which was as follows :- st "Launceston, 20th October, 1883. Mr. m James Brickhill, proprietor Daily Tele. y, graph. 'Sir,-I sincerely regret having, I under great excitement, assaulted you on tl Tuesday last. It is unnecessary for mue to to fully refer to all the circumstances, as na other legal proceedings are pending. I b have not the least ill-will towards you p personally. I again express my regret. Conobes E. RALSTON." Counsel went on to to say that Mr. Brickhill, uaving re- a ceived the apology, had consented to T withdraw the charge ; and he trusted U that under the circumstances no further ct action would be taken. Mr. Brickhill was present, and could confirm his state ment. Mr. Murray said that under those tI circumstances he would consider the case w as having been withdrawn. I IRlvEt ExcutssION.- We remind our readers that the favourite clipper steamer 11 Indignant, Captain Patterson, will make C her usual excursion trip to Rosevear's to. a morrow, leaving. the wharf at 2.30 p.m., t, and Rosevear's, on the return, at 5 p.m. t BIACmKNELL.-TTh anniversary services p of the Primitive Mlethodist Sunday- school f, at Bracknell will be hold on Sunday, 00 Nov. 11, sermons to he preached after. noon and evening by Rev. F. Sinden. A q teoameeting is to take place on the follow ing day. DEATH OF n It. ClAReL1ES IBnoTSON.- t After a painful and lingering illness, aris- c ing from heart disease, Mr. Charles Ibbot- o son, of the firm of Messrs. Dalgety, I Ibbotson, and Co., died at his residence, h Newtown, near Geelong, on October 22nd, 3 at the advanced age of 70 years. t SUPREME COUaT -In consequence of p their beingno cases set down for hearing d at the nextcivil sittings of the Supreme li Court at Launceston, which was to be c opened on 0th November, the Court will t not sit on that date. According to our d Hobart correspondent's telegrams the I opening of the criminal sittings has been a altered from Thursday the 8th to Wed. t rnesday the 7th November, which will I render the sittings less liable to clash with the public holiday on the 9th, the Prince of Wales's birthday. ST. JoltN's BAND OF HorE.--Tho Band of Hope established in connection with St. John's Church will hold its regular c monthly meeting this evening in the school- room, Elizabeth-street, at 7130. CAO nrAoe OF NEwSPArPEts.--The Go vernor-in- Council has directed that on and after the .1st of November all news papers posted in Tasmania shall be for g warded to their destination free of post. 1 age. EARTIIQUAKE SuocKs.-A rather severe shock of earthquake was felt on Sunday night at about 10"15 or 10'20, accounts I t varying. Some persons describe it as the most severe shock they have felt, others I state the trembling or undulatory move. ment lasted about eight seconds, and no rumbling was heard, while others again are positive about hearing a 'rumbling sound. RECEIVED.-The October number of the Imperial Review is to hand, its 80 0 a pages containing a miscellany of 37 short s articles, some of which are very fairly wd ritten. "Madame Junot's Memoirs," "Australian Bankingi" "Journalisto ' London;" and " Drink and Police,'' being some of the best contributions. The last is mentioned gives a truthful view of one t. side of Melbourne life. A TRUE Gunos STORY.-The 'ghost mentiondd in our last issue as having g frightened a girl on Saturday evening of proves to be a veritable creature of the is imagination--on the part of the affrighted one. The "ghost" herself-for this is not the orthodox male ghost-has ex 'o plained that she had come to the street sh door of some offices she was cleaning out of to shako:a table cloth, and was standing d with it held out in front of her when two girls camne along the footpath. On seeing the mysterious form standing in the door of way, apparently waving its white par ig ments, the girls ran off scroeamning, so that It the report which reached us of one having been rendered speechless must have been i considerably exaggerated. It is, however, is satisfactory to be able to supply so simple g and lucid an explanation of this ghostly as affair. THE LATE MR. JAMES TAIT. - By the death of Mr. James Tait, at the age of 75 years, we have lost one who has been identified with the port of Launceston and Tasmania for some considerable time, his connection with the pilot service here extending over thirty years. De- ceased was at one time mate of the Go- vernment cutter Charlotte, and was also first officer of the Government brig Frederick, 100 tons, when that vessel was seized by convicts. This affair, which is now almost forgotten, occurred on Jan. 11th, 1834, and the vessel was at the time on the way round to Launceston with the last batch of convicts from Mac- quarie Harbour upon the breaking up of that penal settlement. The Frederick anchored in Port Sorell Bay, and it being a calm day, the soldiers went out fishing in the ship's boat. The convicts rose, overpowered those left on board, and turning them adrift, escaped in the vessel to the South Seas, whence they were of eventually brought back. Upon leaving his position in the brig, Mr. Tait became a pilot on the River Tamar, in which ser- vice he was very well known. The funeral of the deceased, which took place yesterday afternoon was well attended, amongst those present being representa- tives from our shipping circles, mer- chants, and others. The flags of the vessels were again half-masted yesterday out of respect to the late Mr. Tait. AN EXPENSIVE RAILWAY ACCIDENT. - A statement of the cost to the State in Sconnection with the Hawthorn railway or accident has been laid on the table of the i. Victorian Legislative Council. It dis of closed the following liguores :-Cases tried Sin the Supreme Court, £57,880 7a 5d; cases settled by arbitration, £34,825 17s at 3d; cases settled by the Railway Depart 8 ment, £10,474 15s 10d; and various items of expenditure brought the total amount up to £120,098 10s. S. DIGGING uP GOLD IN TIE STREETS OF to BALLARAT.-The 3allarat Star of last n Thursday states that agold discovery was b- made on'tlhe previous day in Peel-street s, north, by some men who were digging a on trench for a water pipe near the railway is arch. At the dppth of about four feet iw some wasl was met with which contained large booldera. An inspection of these sy boulders disclosed the fact that they car at ried gold,.sonme pieces being observed ill almost as large as pens. It is thought it from the locality that it is maiden ground. no CcTNoAeIAsse.--Tbo mortality return. 2 for Englanl in tlhe year 1881, which have ol- just beeoon completed, record the deaths of he no fewer tllan 01 persons who were regis tered as being 100 years old and upwards or, when they died. Of theseo aged persons, *y- 25 were men and 00 were women. The ed ages of the ioeno are recorded as follows us -Nino wero 100 years old, five 10L, threeoo \- 102, one 103, two 104, threeoo 105, one 108, gi- ano one who died at Holkham, in Nor n. folk, if thle register is to be relied upon, an had attained tile phlenoomenal ago of 112 m- years. Of the women, 24 had reached 100 :o- years, 18 101, eight 102, five 103, six 104, two 105, three 108, and three 107. LAUNCESTON TowNo CouNLcS..-At the usual weekly meeting yesterday soveral memorials were received and referred to various committees. The reports of committees (road at last meeting were adopted, it being decided to allow the City Band to hold promenade concerts in the Town Park after 8 o'clock on Wednes day evenings, the service in the Tamar street Chapel being nearly over by that j. hour. The Street Committee presented a di report recomunending tenders be called for serge anits for the police, and that to By-law .5 be enforced to prevent open-air w religious services causing obstructions in to the streets. Letters to the Chief Secre tary i"e intorferanco by territorial police in the municipal jurisdiction, wore read, to which no reply could be obtained, and it II was decided to write to the Premier on the re subject, complaining of thle discourtesy of tr the Chief Secretary. It was also decided to call for tenders for erecting a police 1u station at Invermay, and ask the Govern- m oent to place £600 on thq Estimates next year to recoup the Council for the work. It was decided to invite applications for the position of Sanitary Officer for the at town at a salary of £250 per annum, and it after several miscellaneous matters had cs been dealt with the Council rose at 5130 h, p.m. ERRnn BANDMANN.-This well-known tragedian will commence a short season at the Mechanics' Institute on Thursday, Novoinbor the 1st, supported by Miss Beaudet, Emilie Herbert, and a powerful company, when the beautiful drama Be " Narcisso" will be produced. ti CARRICK RACING Cr.UB. -A meeting of C the committee of the Carrick Racing Club N will be held this afternoon at 4 o'clock, at Blair's Hotel. ACQUITTAL OF DR. ManRR.-Dr. Marr I has been acquitted at the Sandhurst S Court of Assize of the charge of shooting fa at his housekeeper, Sarah Bell, with in- S tent to do grievous bodily harm. After the alleged offence he married the com plainant. Considerable interest was mani- 11 fuoted in the point concerning whether a I wife was legally bound to give evidence rf against her husband. In answer to this question, which had been put by Mr. 0 Holm, who appeared for the defence, his Honor, Mr. Justice Higinbotham, said p that he had no recollection of a parallel i+ case, as at the tine when the offence b occurred she was not his wife, but Sarah Bell. However, he expressed a wish to 0 hear authorities on the subject. To this Mr. Holm replied that he looked up all b the law books available, but could find no precedent for such a case, and he merely 0 desired to know if his Honor would estab- a lish one. Finally the Judge ruled the case must go on. During the hearing of S the case Mrs. Marr (formerly Sarah Bell) tl displayed considerable reluctance in giving her evidence, and the Crown Prosecutor p stated that it was but natural she should a be averse to assisting in the conviction of a her husband. At times Mrs. Marr ap peared greatly affected, and fainted before the conclusion of her evidence, which on this occasion was to the effect that the ( doctor, while in an excited state from the r effects of drink, took up a revolver and. A commenced loading it. She said, "Are you going to shoot me '' He said, " No, go away." She then went into a room t adjoining the passage, when she heard I two shots ficed. She then followed the doctor into the surgery, and wont out f into the street, where she met Constable M'Linoy on the way. She asked him to go to the surgery and keep the doctor 1 quiet. She had lived with Dr. Marr for c sixteen years. He had never used an un kind word towards her during that time. She was not alarmed. She did not believe I ie intended to shoot her. The nearest shot fired would not be nearer than two t I yards from the position in which she t stood in the drawing-room. In the face of this kind of evidence tihe jury could not do otherwise than acquit the accused. t CRESSY AND TYPHOID FEVsR.-A cor- f i respondent'writos :-" While perusing ac t paragraph in your Saturday's issue, r headed as above, permit me to state that for some full six months the disease has been very prevalent at Cressy township, I but whether referable or not to local causeh is open for the faculty to really 3 determine, wlie do understand cause and effect in this particular. In threo or four families within the radius of the contro of I the township, the malicious influence of I sickness has been experienced, while the cause has been continuous, not twice I within three months as the paragraph a states ; and it must be remarked that it has not travelled outside the confines of t te township; and be it remembered 1 t that attention was called to this at the outset, but was poolh-poohed by those in a torested, but time has told its tale. And we very much question whether the War den of the municipality, now moving in the matter, is adopting the most proper course to stemI or eradicate the fever I called by so many names. Councillor a Basil Archer one month ago, at the Coun Socil's last sitting, recalled its attention to a " continued complainings,"' and this week P we find the Superintendent of Police, as inspector of nuisances, directed to visit e and report. Butit is verymuch feared, If nay, positively asserted, by medical a authority, that the remedy suggested by Ssuch official will very much help to spread e the germ of the disease in an enlarged 0 growth both far and wide-making plenty \- of work in the coming hot season for the " doctors. I am assured of this as a pain o ful fact by a medical gentleman. Of g course it is well to deal with the causes of a outbreak or its extension, but prevention a in the future will not heal the sickness of 1\. the present. I believe the best emollient 0 we have had come to our aid is the gra n cious health-giving showers, in season, of the last day or two," f Judge Williams, of Victoria, whilst on k travelling circuit in the Western District, Sbestrides a bicycle. A uEETINrO of all persons intorestod in the d Beaconsfield races will be hold at the Ex Schangoe Hotel at 2 p.m. to-morrow. o Tle ninth annual meeting of the Church Grammar School Athletic Olub will be held on Sthe Launcostan Cricket Ground on Saturday, Sthe 17th of November. Tna Heart of Oak Lodge, U.ALO.D., have a chartered the s.s. Indignant for a pleasure trip ' to George Town and the Heads on the Prince , ofYWalea's Birthday. THE .s. Indignant will make her tsual half a- holiday trip to Rosesvear's on Wednesday after \- noon, leaving the Wharf at 2'30 p.m., and a Rosevear's at 5 p.m. SA nAZAAn and Bruce auction will be held at the Longford Assembly Rooms, on the 26th December (Boxing Day), for the purpose of clearin off a long-sanding debt on St. Augus 0 tine's Presbytery. y OLD Bnewe STERRT.-Gentlemen wishing to to secure a really good wine will do well to s. apply at once to D. H. Connolly, who is now d oering tie foe ohl shlerry specially chosoon for Chcarles Arthur, hEq.,in.London. This site Swas pasaed as Al by the London Army and ra Navy Club, which has amongst its members I- some of the first judges in the world. O. es Arthur, Esq., has obtained some, and any it is t equl to former supplies. Price, 70s per doz. OOUVOISeEn's .n and ' pal and dark brandy, 1870 vintge, a thorounhly pure spirit warranted equal to Bartell nod Hennassy's to lStocks aiways on hand and arrieing. Sold bh et all wine and spirit merchants. DALOrY, a OOREt AND Co. agents.--(Advt. Mou Ct's OHAMPaNE, quarts and pints, dry y or swet, speciallty recommended to invalids, to t bhe had from all wine and spirit merchants and cd hotels. Dalgety, Moore and Co., agents - le AVrT.) S Bien CAoES.-A largo assortm-nt in Panoy Wd irH, Woodon, Brooding, and Parrot Cagos.- F. HBOT aND So'.--Advt. It The mot flattering tribute to the merits I. of Udolpho Wolfe's Schiedam Aromatic . Sohnanppe is to to found in thle fact that, al to though repeatedly pirate:l, and often imitated, af nothcing has ever been produced that even simu Iltestleismatchless preparation. Al the ndul Steratod compounds and noxious nostrums, tic Is diluted cordicls and sicly elimirs that have a, been foisted on the publio, hoar no more the h adow of a semblanc to this excelling invitorant thanl the strongest artificial light to tho great luminary of the day. (A) e " On TtL LEOc-AnD CHANGE ico SOrc ro " 8, Why, certainly I if Ihe will use Judson's Dyes, r- whiclh ive new huces to all materials. Judson's n Artists' BIlaok will put a now "smile" upon a a rosty grate or fender. Judason's Gold Paint gilds picture frames, cornices, etc., like the setting sun on a cornfield. Chemists, stationes, Sand storekeepoers aoll them and goodhonsewives bky them. 