AMONGST THE BOOKS. LITERARY GOSSIP. Messrs. Sampson Low -and-Co. will shortly publish a llfo ufthe'lato Sir Salar Jung, trans, latcd from the Persian. Tlie Athenmm, states that Mr. Swinbiirno lias ready for the press a volume of pooms-on varionssubjeots, entitled A Century of Roundel!. Prince Gortschakoff is said to hayo left be- liind hiin very circumstantial memoirs of his long and eventful life, Theso papers arc being piit in order by.his representatives with a view, it may'be supposed, to their early publication, "M. Jules Simon has engaged to present during his life to the Sqciiitd des .Gens do Lettres, Paris, an annual sum of .500 fr.,-to bo bestowed by the committee on-some distressed member, Louise Michel, who is.at present confined in St. Lazare Prison, Paris,. is said to be finish- ing-a novel on which . she lias been ongaged for somo time. It -is reported, too, that she in tends commencing -another suggested by her present mrroupdings. It is stated that Professor W, Robertson Smith, who was recently .appointed to tho chair of Arabio at Cambridge, lort , vacant by the death of Professor Palmer, will.continuo to tive nt Edinburgh, find work as joint editor with Professor Spencer Bpynesof the -Encyclo - pcedia -Rritannica. Mcssre.SwauSonnensohoinand'Co,.announoo a series at 'classical texts; The object is to supply students with trustworthy working texts, accompanied by critical apparatuses, and edited by specialists. The volumes appear simultaneously in London, Loipzig ' and Prague. Frederick N. .Crouch, tho composer of "Kathleen Mavonrnoen/' is a grey-haired man, who lives on poor faro in Baltimore. A tattered coat of Confodorate grey keeps some of tho.cdld out. Hofs now out of , employment and. too old to.holp himself. Ho has a wife and Jive children. Messrs. Soeley and Co. will.publish a volume of the correspondence of Samuel Palmer, col lected from many sources, edited by ,the painter's son, preceded by a now, and altered version of the biography wo noticed some time ago, and .enriched with a portrait of tho ooaior by tho younger artist, and facsimiles of letters. Totliouniform cditionof Dr. O.W.Holmes's works, now being published by Hough- ton, Mifflin and -Co,, .will bo added Medical Rssays and Pages from an Ohl Volume of Life, which comblno various essays, professional aud metaphysical, already published under other titles, with somo quito now ono3. The first odition of Mr. S. 11. Gardiner's two volumes of The Fall, of the Monarchy of Charles 1. having boon exhausted, Messrs, Longman propose to issuo a reprint of the wholo series of Ids histories in 0s. volumes, so as to form a contiauoushistory of England from tho accession of James I. to tho outbreak of tho Civil War. Tho work will oocupy ton monthly volumes, of whioh tho first will ap pear on 1st July. Captain R. P. Burton has at last (Bays tho Academy) sont o!f to his publishers (Messrs, Chatto and Windus) tho last-pages of his book on tho Sword, ami ho . is now at work upon the littU volume of his Camoens, Tho first two — —7 .volumes, it will be reoollcetcd, contained a translation of the Luaiads, ,an'd tho noxt two a lifo of tho poet and a oommontary upon his Messrs. G. Roullodgo and Sons have ar. ranged to bring- out n series of standard works .of tho world's -literature, -edited -by Profcn-mr Henry Alorloy, -entitled Mo, -ley's Universal Library. Lncli book will contain 320 pones .crown octavo size, bound in cloth, and wilt soil for one Bhilhng. Tho series will bo in .monthly issues. Tlio first volumes will bo Shcndan $ 1 Selections from MoUtrt \Gocthe s Faust and The Vhroniclcs of the Ci,1% Messrs. T. and T. Clark, of Ltoburl have just issued another volume .of their sorios of handbooks for Bible classes Br IBrown, of Abordoen, lias contributed to the Bones a valuable commentary on .tho Enistlo ito the Romans, winch is worthy ofboimr placed on the Barao shelf with a previous 'volume of the series on tho Epistle -to tho Hebrews, by Dr. A. B. Davidson. Two works likely to be of value to thastud- entof American political history are in hand.' lOne is a biography of Abruliam Lincoln by Mr. .John Hay, once that -President's private lore- Itary but since well known by his literary -works. X he 0 tlior, a_ biography of tho late Hon. A. H. Stephens, Vieo-l'residentof the South- em Confederacy, will be from tho pon of Mr Howard Carroll, of Now York, who was aper- -sonal friond of tho late Southern statesman A writer in the London Daily News calls 'at- itcntion to the circumstance .that Lady Florence Dixie is, on hor own authority, a re- .markablo dreamer. She published, imme diately after the death of tho Prince Imperial in South Africa, a long poem minutely do- .scribing the occurrence, which she declared she had written six yenrs before. Its exactness of -description may be seou in these quotod lines : — fieri; to that horrid shriek, unearthly sound! A hundred domons croivd upon tho seone. With horrid shrieks and .volls, and features mcnacltur. They -hurl their darts at that palu louelv boy. Tho sccno became unoarthly, fiendish yells Incarnato filled the air. Pale unto death, Vet all undaunted, facing his dark foes, Defiance in tho30 glazing- eyes, despair Stamped on that childish brow,. lie stands at- tay, Ilerofc unto death. Bright gleams tho sword That flashes green and ghost- like in Ills hand, Waving aloft. A hundred darts whirl round And strlko him down. That -was dated 1873 — six years before -the event took place. Lady Florence, on publish ing it, stated that she Iliad dreamed it all in 1873, and had immediately written it down- hut she waited six years for it3 fulfilment be fore she gave it to tho - world. Liteiuht Men ox the Use of Ar, cotton and Todacco. — A gentleman wroto last year to a largo number of distinguished men of letters asking if thoy bad found advantage, or tbe reverse, in 'tho use-of -alcohol and tobacco, Ho received about a hundred replies, out -of whichlhe.'basimanafactured a book. Some. of the-answere ore amusing. -Louis IJlnnc, who bos dince died, wroto : — "I do not know by oxporiouce what may -be -the effcots of tobncco andalcohol upon the mind nnd Iicaltli, not having ibeen in tbe habit of taking tobacco and .drinking alcohol." Mr. Madox Brown, It. A., says lie smoked for upwards of thirty years, hut. gavo it up seven years ago. Almost all ihis.lUo, too, he was a moderate drinker, but iba3 .beon a total abstainer -for a short period. " My oxporienoe," ilic adds, "is, that neither course, .with cither ingredient, iias anything to do-with mental work or capacity for .it, unless -indeed, we arc to except the in capacity produced by exccssivo drinking, of which, however, I . lmve no personal experi ence." M. Jules Clarctie docs not smoke, and bos not in all ibis life drank as much as a single glass of alcohol, from which lie infers that Jic requires no stimulant wltou at work. He believes that we liavo so many sickly pro ductions in literature because -our writers "-add -a littlo .alcohol ito-tboir ink and view llfo through tho ifumes of .nicotine;" 'Mr. Hyde Clarke is not a teototallcr, but lie has never seen that any greattbinkerhos found any help from the use of cither alcohol or tobacco. M. Guecnin, stenographer to tho French 'Senate, pleads guilty to the use of both ; -but when ever ho lias any arduous work on hand ho con fines hiraaclf -to pure water. Mr. Thomas Hardy had never found alcohol liolpful to novel .writing, and -his experience goes to proVo, .lie -says, that -the -effect of wine as a preliminary to imaginative -work is to blind the writer.to-tho quallty-df -what ho produces rather than to raise its quality. Dr. 0. Wendell Holmes prefors an unclouded brain for mental work, and his only stimulant is tea or coffoe. Tho .Rev, 'Iloiiry Lansdale, the dis tinguished travolior, never smoked, and ho- camo a -total abstainor hoforo bo was 29 ; bo often works thirteen hours a day, but flora, not find .the least necossity for stimulants. Dr. James -Mnrtineau, who Is now 77, has found .abstinence -favorable In its effeots, and be believes few -things do more to ligbtontho spirits, and swoetenithe temper of familial and of society than tho repudiation of artificial in dulgences, Dr. -Henry Maudsley says that any supposed necessity for alcohol or tobacco is pnrely Janoiful, and that a man will do harder and sounder -work without them. Dr. J. A H. Murray, tho lexicographer, usos no stimu lants of any kind, and should bo very Borry -to do .so. " The more work a man has to do, says tho doctor, " the loss can ho afford to muddle himself in that way." Mark '1 warn lias never Been -tho time when ho could writs to his satisfaction aftor drinking ovon one glass of wine j bat be acknowledges -that ho u » great .Bmokor. He hogan to smoke, ho say a, when ho was only 8 yoors old, aud nowcoa- suinos 200 cigars a-mohth. 