NAHGISSUS. A Story in Two Chapters.— Chaptee I. 'Neither is it impertinent tuat tms nower is said to be consecrated to the infernal deities, ! because men of this disposition become unpro fitable to all human things. The words, spoken in tne sweet, ciear voice of a woman, floated softly down the side of the ' vaUey— the spring air, warm as summer with- | out its languor, carrying them to the listening narcissus flowers. . , . The whole side of the long, low hill was covered with the yellow bells of the daffodils as they rose out of their beds of soft mosses, shaded from the heat of the sun by the delicate green foliage of the trees that fringed the upper edge of the hillside, and grew here and there in scattered, slender beauty down to the alley beneath. . . There was tbe sound or birds singing their love-songs, the ripple of some hidden stream, the gentle rustle of the fresh new leaves over head as they whispered to each other the stories they had heard of the glories yet to come. But the daffodils heard nothing but the low, soft voice with its touch of hidden mockery. ' Are they consecrated to the infernal deities they who are so fair and so full of promise, fresh as spring itself ?' A second voice put the question the nowers were asking each other as they stirred rest lessly among their tall straight leaves : and as the voice was mortal, like the first that hid spoken, it was understood by tha mortals to whom it was addressed. It was a pretty voice, too, but there wns something lacking in it that the first possessed — an indefinable something that made its sweetness, softness ; its clearness, lancniid slowness ; its well-bred repose, indifference. When you saw the face of the girl to whom the voice belonged, you understood what it lacked. She was standing half-way down the hillside now, the narcissus-flowers springing up r.II round her feet, the foliage of the slender larch against which she was leaning casting flicker ing shadows upon her beautiful face. She was looking with a slightly puzzled _ expression, though she was smiling too, down into the face of a young man who lay an the fern-mosses a few yards from her. There had been a listless, languid air of per fect contentment in the man's attitude ; .iu indolent satisfaction in things as they uere: that the half-sleepy eyes showed was a habit <1 thought, at lease, customary to him, though at times those same eyes could flash with earth'-; most generous enthusiasms, and grow earnest and true with the best human ambitions. As the first girl spoke now, he made a i it tie restless movement, as though her words had touched some hidden thought. ' Is it true, Maurice ?" asked the second girl again, as an almost imperceptible pause followed her question. Ts it true that they are dedicated to such sad gods ? You know everything. Tell me why.' There was no mistaking the perfect con fidence in her voice, nor the genuine admira tion in her beautiful eyes as she waited his answer. A man could scarcely excite such feelings in a young and beautiful woman and remain unmoved. Certainly not Maurice Landon, even though he might have suspected that any other man, put in the same position towards her as he was, could have roused the same feelings. Yet, as he sat up, and with a restless movement passed his hand over a cluster of daffodils, the troubled self- questioning that had so suddenly disturbed the lazy content of his eves grew deeper. 'Ask Miss Mario w, Belle,' he said gently, without looking up at her. ' It is she who knows everything, not I. How does the quotation go on. Miss Mario w ?' Standing at the other side of the tree was the other girl, her tall slight figure held with a certain graceful erectness that seemed to give it some subtle connection with the young larches and pines round her. She started and flushed hotly as the young man suddenly addressed "her ; but she answered steadily in the same clear, sweet voice as before : 'Whatsoever produceth no fruit of itself, but passeth and vanisheth as if it had never been — like the way of a ship in the sea—that the ancients were wont to dedicate to the ghosts and powers below.' She did not look at the other two as she spoke, but stood with her eyes bsnt down on the handful of daffodils she was loosely hold ing in her fingers. There was a silence. The girl called Belle looked half inquiring/", half wonderingly at the daffodils as they stirred softly in the breeze, trying to see more clearly the connection between the pretty iiarcissUo-flowers and the gloomy gods, Maurice Landon looked at them too, but the shadow in his eyes had grown so deep that it seemed as if in the yellow flowers he saw the hem of the dark queen's garments. Belle was the first to break the silence. She laughed lightly, dismissing the thought with a little gesture of amused disdain. 'I am very glad that I don't know as much as you two,' she said. 'It would make me quite gloomy, if I saw connections between everything and those ugly old stories which us«d to make me so miserable at school. You and Grace are always talking of sad things. I arn sure I don't know why you should. It is only the poor, and the unhappy, and the ugly who ought to be dismal, and yet you two never begin a conversation without, after a little, making me feel as if one of those sudden mists we have in these parts bad been gradually rising. You don't notice them till you suddenly feel chilled all over. I shall not stay and be made miserable. You are so tembly earnest. I shall go and gather the daffodils. It is nearly five already, and we c»? begun to fill our baskets yet.' She caught up a large one that was lying on the moss, and with a smiling nod to her companions, moved away down the hillside, turning once or twice a mischievous, laughing face m their direction. \ Maurice Landon- had risen to his feet as she took up her basket, and he and Grace stood silently watching the beautiful lithe figure as it moved among the trees. 4 You never told me lait season, .when you used to talk so much of your old home, uiat you had anything so beautiful as that so near you.' Grace spoke with a curious abruptness, withdrawing her eyes from the retreating figure and fixing them on the young man. His face reddened hetly, and there was a confused look in his eyes. No j I did not, at first, because she Beemed Vj have grown up as part of my owniif e. Almost wie first thing I began to think seriously about was how to take care of her, she having no brothers of her own, and so when I talked of my life at home, I included her too. After wards ' He stopped suddenly, and looked away. _ did not press for the end of the sentence. . "8aps.it had not satisfied her any more than had him. "For a -moment her eyes grew dark irersephone5s own, when the lightof earth was ors., shut out from their sight. Then into their tear aud pain stole a curious light. It did not make it easier for the ySung man to face them. SO to the old glad look that he nsed to watch and wait for last year in Lon don, when the acquaintance, commenced in a oaliroom, had deepened by constant meetings season, into—friendship 1 He had »Ued it so at first. Now? He glanced down the hillside to the valley oeiow, where Belle, singing some soft song to nerself, was lazily gathering the narcissus- nowere. Then his face seemed to grow sterner «nt paled a little. . . Miss Harlow,' he said, ' you have grown jery bard upon me. I told you long ago in «wr»? at ou expected too qiuch of me.' What do you mean, Mr. Landon ? she sked, her voice a little -uncertain, while the mocking questioning and doubt died out of face. I——' ,ou,.a,re judging me, and condemning me, aud finding me wanting. I know you are. You have been doing it _ ever since you have been down h&re; — ever since that night when you met us for the first time together— Belle j , mother, and myself. Once I used to think that of all things I wished the most, it was to have you here. Now there are times when I could almost wish you bad net come.' There was a ring of bitterness in his tones that made the girl tremble and gvow p&l6r;, lam very soiry,' she began in a troubled voice. I did not know that I was growing hard and mocking ' No, you are not !' he exclaimed, interrupt ing her with the same passionate earnestness. You are all that is sweetest and best in a woman ; all that might make a man stronger, ud truer, and better. I sometimes think tu&t; the time I spent in London so near you was the only real part of my life. I know it was the best ; a man could not be with such as you and make it otherwise ' She put out her hand to stop him, flushing crimson. I did not do anything like that. I only believed in your best,' she said, her lips trembling a little, but her eyes full of the glad ight his words had brought there. Believed in my best !' he eohoed slowly. You were my best. Even when sometimes I used to pretend to laugh at you, at your earnestness and your quaint, high-fouled notions of honour, I was only growing to reverence you more. Graoe 1 Could a woman have a better name V At the sound of her name, spoken for the first time by Maurice Landon, the girl moved a little away, the lingering tenderness of his voice as he spoke it making her flush and grow pale again, and then shiver from head to foot. As the young man looked at her, gazing into her proud, sweet face, troubled now with a shy shame that yet had no pain in it, a thought of what she really was, of what she might be to his life, came to him with a prophetic orcp He seemed to be standing looking at the spirit of his better self, his indolence changed ato earnestness, his careless, self pleasing life into noble self-renunciation, his contented in difference to things as they were into great ambitions, striven for and accomplished. It was only a fancy, but at that moment it was strong enough to make him forget all earthly considerations, all prudent advice of worldly advisers, all the teinptiugs" of the ower part of his humanity. 'Grace,' he said in passionate pleading; Grace She turned and looked at him, while into her eyes flashed all the sweet shame and glory of her answer to his voice, all her pride and reserve vanquished by the love his appeal had orced her to acknowledge. With an eager passion he stretched out his hands to touch hers, and theu they fell again to his side, and the two stepped swiftly apart. Belle, unnoticed by them, had gradually mounted the hill a little way above where ihey were standing, and now came running towards them. 'You two lazy people, you haven't helped me a bit, and now I must really go home. Mother will think I'm lost. Just look at my basket, I can hardly carry it.' She stood between them, holding in her two bands the basket full of its golden treasure. They looked at it, and tried to answer lightly. At least, Maurice said something. Grace dared not trust her voioe, lest it should betray the gladness which had come so suddenly into her life. All through that" season in town it bad been foreshadowed by his voice and bis looks, his eager seeking her out from amongst tho others wherever they went. That had been an earnest of the thing that one day might come ; but, now that it had come, ail those days of foreshadowing seemed to fade before the glory and delight of the reality. She scarcely dared raise her eyes to his as she bade him good-bye, it having been arranged that he should accompany Belle Galverly to carry the basket for ber, and so she did not bp© bow all the light and the passion had died cat of his face, and left it careworn and lemorseful. Chapter IL Whatsoever produceth no fruit of itself, but passetii and vanisheth as if it had never been — — ' The hillside seemed full of voices. The narcissug-flowers, rustling and whispering together, seemed to mock and reproach her with the truth of her own words as they repeated them over and over again till all the hillside murmured with their echoes : ' As if it had never been ! As if it had never been i' Grace Marlow sank down on the mosses and pressed her bands over her ears, as if to shut cut the mocking sounds. ' Wh a does it all mean V ' It jveolns,' said the daffodils, that the man who bald her of his love here yesterday, and who mads her hebray the secret of her own, asked the other girl te be his wife last night.' Her heart will brp&k;,' said the mosses in pitying sorrow, trying to press more closely against the burning cheek of the sobbing girl. 'No ; she is too strong. He was not worthy,' said the narcissus-flowers again: ' He has been false to himself and to her, his better life. Feh as been spoilt and petted, and made much cf all bis days by his mother and everyone around him, and Belle is but the echo of all he ssvs and thinks. With this girl by his side, he might have risen above the life he is leading n -a Epesk to yon for a moment, Miss he'taet> and was standing, S nn a slender larch, her ey£ afternom, ¥¥ ¥ow' ere ye-stetday the kadi,gathered daffodils. As XerdfS!te- T'heQ "flight sfrStentag w|ld\ rnownnrenhat had hB" 110 waf a silence between them, are none 1? 1 make any excuses ; there effort to breakttteSe!38'' strenih\i!?rOU8 kow 811 the clearness and pridend ?h50 l £.is voice> 3ust as the the dJfmty of his manhood seemed man wLl68!-1? too. He looked likea out of Knrno shamed, who had just come out of great straggle— defeated. vou w W fi d any- 1 wil1 nofc now tell wouldThl myself- 1 60111(1 not if 1 a arl UOr wo,rds oa earth to express hundredth part of what I feel. May I go it 5!Sw?em?d,0 move her head in assent, but v. J® - only have been the movement caused itfIOk/r mdrawing of her breath. He took n?r and— his voice hoarser and slower than before, went on again : ? y when I went home, my mother asked me when I was going to fulfil the great Ha? «. , earfc' 418 ifc had been that of my . .. a thers. All this' — he made a gesture indicating the hillside and the valley below— belongs to the Calverlys.' That it was costing him a terrible effort to explain was seen by the flush of shame that reddened his lace, but he went on steadily, apparently determined not to spare himself. 'This part . ,j.eir property runs straight through the middle of ours, and for generations it has been r S<jUrCe trouble and vexation. The Landons aud Calverlys have always wished to make some arrangement, but could never agree. The only way seemed to be to unite the two estates by a marriage, but there was never an opportunity for doing this until ' — he stopped and hesitated,- then went on again — my time. I was the only son, and Belle the only child on the side of the Calverlys We were brought up with this idea. We never thought of any other arrangement but that we should one day marry. It was so much a matter of course that it was not even thought necessary to have an engagement. We were both perfectly con tented that it should be so, and we were foud ofeach other — -in a way. How different to what it might be I only found last season in town. For the first time the white calm of her face was troubled, but she made no attempt to 8 peak, and with a heavy sigh he went on again : t ' I don't know what madness possessed me then, but I think at first the very fact of liold- ing myself so bound made me careless. Then one day I found out what an awful mistake I had made !' ' Aud still you did not tell me, nor go away.' Grace spoke at last in a curiously quiet voice. Then a sudden vivid consciousness of it all — ©f those days in London when she had learned to look so for his coming, believing him from his eonduct to her to be a free man ; of yesterday, when, still in that belief, she had let him see what his love was to her — carue upon her, and with a faint cry of passionate shame, she hid her face in her hands. ' Grace, Grace ! I love you so — I love you so 1' He took a swift step to her side. ' If you could only guess what I felt all the. time ! I hated and despised myself, yet every day put it off, until at last I could not say anything. It is what I have done all through my life, this putting off, and it has brought me to a miser able pass now. Then I went away at last, te think it all out quietly. I loved you so dearly that I thought it. could not be really right to marry another woman, even though that other was Belle. But down here, with all the old influences at work again, I began to trouble and worry about it all. I had not yet told you in plain words that I loved you, though you must have guessed it long ago. Then last week you came to the rectory, and ' ' I thought you were abroad, or else I should not have come ; but my cousin begged me so hard to come and stay with her as soon as they were settled in tfipir new home, that I came. I thought you had forgotten me, and that I had been foolish like so many other women.' Forgotten you, Grace ! I can't give you up 1 It is all foolishness, this fancied engage ment of mine. What does it matter about the land ? I would let it go a, hundred times over now. It will not hurt Belle. She is one of those girls who would love anyone who is kind to her. I was mad last night, when I listened to my mother. I was so bothered and worried that when Belle came in just afterwards, I said the word that made the arrangement binding to put an end to the trouble. Grace, I don't know what possessed me. What I thought was honour was only dishonour. There was nothing righteous or binding in the arrangement. It was only a case of pure worldly ambition. He had caught her hands m his, and at last was giving free utterance to the passion and love that had so tormented him for the last few months. ' Grace, you must listen to xqe.' He would not yield up her hands, but held them fast locked in his, as if to compel her to listen. He would not appeal to the love she had so simply betrayed yesterday. Bad as he had been, he could not do anything so cowardly as trade on the knowledge His own miserable deceit and treachery bad gained. He was nobler at that moment than he had ever been, or would ever be again. He saw what this girl's love really was an< what it might be to him, and he would have sacrificed all earthly advantages to be worthy of it — to be able to claim it as his own. ' I would have listened to you yesterday, if you.had told me this. I listened aud trusted ton much as it was, for you betrayed me.' He would not loose ber hands, and a flush of burning shame dyed her face, but she forced her lips to speak steadily, though with his eyes gazing straight into hers, with the know ledge of her confessed love between them, it was almost more than she could do. 1 have nothing mora to hide from you. You learned everything, and then, knowing what it would be to me, after what yon had discovered, you went away and asked another woman to be year wife. Why did you net leave me alone? at least yon might have spared me that shame. For it is a shame'— he had made an effort to interrupt her passionate outbreak — 'it is a shanae for a girl to let a man know that she cares for him, when she can never marry him. - No, never ! no, never ! everything is over as if it had never been. You knew all along what you know now. Whether it were honour or dishonour, you might have decided last year, as well as now — yesterday afternoon, as well as the evening. I would not marry you now if you were free. You are dead to me. ' You shall not go like this, Grace,' he said7 Rawing her closer to him, and bending down, till his face almost touched hers. as another second his kisses would be-on her lips. For a moment she trembled before his strength and his passion. Then womanlv courage and dignity came to her aid, and the frightened look passed from her eyes. ' No, you will not touch me ; you will not kiss me, she said, steadily, looking up into his face. If you did, the remembrance of it would go with you, and shame you through all your coming life.' He dropped her hands and let her go. For a second she stood still, looking away from him, afraid to move because of a strange quiver that seemed to run through all the narcissus-covered hillside, as if all the world had become suddenly unstable and changing Then she turned, and, without another word, left him. He might think her pitiless, hard, cruet Su6 only knew thftt one single word more would have been choked with a sob. He stood watching her as she moved awav from him, and, as he looked, the full meaning of the words, 'It is not good that the man Bhould be alone ; I will make an help-meet for him,' came to him. She would make him a comfortable home and add to his wealth, but to be a wife, a wife iu the 6ense that Heaven meant the word — husband and wife, two souls made perfect in one, living and loving on through all eternity— the fulfilment of that dream vanished with the figure which the trees had already shut out from his view. So Maurice Landon, too, went bis way. Like Narcissus in the old- world myth, he had preferred to sink down by the cool fountain, contented with what he saw in its depths. The love that might have lifted him to higher things failed to call him away, and his better self died on the day that Came at last, when Belle and her lands satisfied him entirely.- —All the Year Bound. 