ECHOES OF MELBOURNE. [BY THE GHOST.] Nov. 16. The Ministerial pack has undergone a little shuffling. Mr. Deakin exchanges the portfolio of Public Works for that of Solicitor-General, and Mr. Sargood, who has hitherto represented the Government in the Upper House, simply for the honour and glory of the thing, becomes Minister of Defence with a salary of £1400 per annum. Whether he is to be raised from the rank of Major to that of General is not yet known. The accep- tance of "an office of profit under the Crown" will necessitate the appearance of the gallant Commander-in-chief before his constituents. As there is no proba- bility of any opposition, this proceeding will only be a matter of form. Mr. Deakin will not have to submit to the same ordeal, the newly-passed Officials in Parliament Act making provision for his case. He retains his present control of the Public Works Department until the Railway Board is appointed, when he hands over the reins to Mr. Gillies, whose occupation as Commissioner of Railways will be gone. A sharp contest for the seat rendered vacant by the death of Mr. R. S. Ander- son is being waged in the north-eastern province. Messrs. Smith, Brown, and Webb are hard at it, wooing the sweet voices of the "free and independent." The sensation of being asked for their votes must be a novel one to the electors of this district. This is the first contest that has taken place, previous aspirants having all enjoyed the pleasure of a walk- over. Of the three present competitors, the mercurial and irrepressible Doctor, if one may judge from the tone of the public meetings held, appears to be the favourite. But in elections, as in racing, thore are no moral certainties, and it is impossible to predict the result until the numbers are up.... After all the fuss made, the talk in- dulged in, and the display of what Sir Charles Duffy termed "the black bile of personal malignity," the Strong prosecu- tion has come to a most inglorious end. The departure of the much-abused pastor of Scot's Church, while his brethren are wrangling over the matter of his beliefs, with a draft for £3000 in his pocket as a farewell offering, invests the whole proceedings with all the attributes of a fiasco. The "fly" refused the invi- tation to walk into the parlour of the Presbyterian spiders, but betook himself instead on board the Messageries Mari- time s.s. Salazie. It is said that when the Church dignitaries assembled on Thursday morning the expression on some of the reverend countenances was very similar to that observable in a terrier when he suddenly sees a rat, to whom he is bent on administering the coup de grace, escape safely into its hole. There has been another railway smash. Fortunately, this time it is "only a very little one," and all the sufferers are now convalescent, although two of them were in the hospital for a day. But the gentlemen of the long robe are already preparing the claims for damages for their injured clients, and the Government will be lucky if it escapes by paying anything under £5000. Even a number of persons, who were not fortunate enough to be in the train, have experienced a "shock to the system," caused by merely reading an account of the accident. It is not always safe to have one's Cup dress described in the columns of the Press, as the following episode, will prove :—The young wife of a somewhat elderly squatter in Riverina left on a visit to her parents, who reside in New South Wales, a few days before our annual racing carnival. She was to proceed to her destination by steamer via Mel- bourne. But alas ! there were attrac tions in the metropolis powerful enough to cause the fair lady to forget both her parental and her marital home. Among the most expensively and fashionably- dressed beauties on the Flemington lawn she might have been seen duly escorted by a gay cavalier, who, when "at home," resides on a station within a day's ride of the one owned by the lady's lord and master. An account of her toilette had been, as is the prevailing custom, forwarded by the milliner to the Press, and the astonished husband, who fancied his wife was securely nestling under the paternal roof tree, learned with unfeigned surprise that "Mrs. -- wore a most elegant and recherche costume of cream brocade, trimmed with blush roses, with bonnet and parasol to match." In haste he came to Melbourne, and learned from a friend, shortly after arriving, that his better—or worse—half was located at St. Kilda; thither he repaired, enquiring at the hotel to which he had been directed whether Mrs. — was in her room. He had just been politely informed by the urbane landlady that no such name was on the books, when, as good—or bad—luck would have it, the object of the enquiry being made appeared on the staircase. "Why," exclaimed the puzzled husband, "you told told me Mrs. — was not in the house,and there she is!" "You asked me for Mrs. A— retorted the landlady, and that is Mrs. B--, who has been living here with her husband for more than a week." Then there was what in theatrical parlance is described as a "tableau," and before long there will be work for their Honors in the Court for the hearing of matrimonial causes. Between three and four years ago the body of Mr. F. M. Bates, a well- known actor, was found at the foot of an em- bankment near the Royal Park, stripped of all jewelry and money. An inquest was held, and a verdict returned by the Coroner's jury of "Wilful murder against some person or persons unknown." On Monday a young man named Knowles created a great sensation by confessing, that in addition to lhaving robbed a num- ber of people, he had murdered Bates. He gave himself up to the police, alleging he was no longer able to endure the torture of a guilty conscience. Enquiries to test the truth of the man's statements have, however, elicited the fact that there is no foundation for them. The poor fellow,when asked to point out the locality of Bates's murder,took the detectives to a spot more than a mile distant from the place where it actually occurred. He has been found on medical examination to be suffering from religious mania. Too much Salvation Army has driven him mad. The way in which the officials and stewards of the V.R.C. ignored the con- venience of the public by delaying to notify the postponement of last Satur- day's races until all the country visitors had taken train for the metropolis has been much commented on. The state of the course might have very easily been as- certained at daylight, and telegrams posted to the principal stations notifying the postponement before 6 a.m. Instead of taking this course the stewards met at 9, too late to save their country patrons the trouble and expense of a fruitless journey. There has been another "scare" in Melbourne. This time, however, it is not due to the Russians nor to any foreign foes, but to our own Yarra-Yarra. For- tunately, however, the rain ceased just as the river became dangerous, and in all probability the Harbour Trust Works now in progress will avert any future dangers. In those times of commercial depression it is satisfactory to be able to note a "rise" in anything ; so that after all the swollen stream has not proved an unmixed evil. The assault case of McColl, a member of the Legislative Assembly, against George Cornwell, the well-known rail- way contractor, has ended in a verdict being returned in favour of the defendant. Great sympathy is evinced for Mr. McColl, who is over sixty-five years of age, and was, no doubt, savagely assaulted, and now finds himself mulcted in heavy costs in his endeavour to obtain redress. Oh, for the majesty of the law ! All the holiday folk have not yet taken their departure, and all the theatres have, in consequence, been doing good busi- ness. The "Silver King" still holds the boards at the Royal, and the Majoronis are still delighting large audiences in "Jealousy" and "Camille." Miss Emelie Melville has been playing a round of her well-known characters and takes her farewell benefit to-night. At the Opera House "Les Manteaux Noire " is still a sufficient attraction, and Mr. Flem- ing Norton, a clever character- delineator, is proving a success at the Lyceum— lately known as the Polytechnic. 