A Balloon Trip Across the German Ocean. Mr. Simmons, the aeronaut, gives the following account ot his recent voyage :— "Before we made a start at Mudon, several pilot ballons were launched in order to ascertain, which direction we were likely to take. These pilots indicated several currents at low altitude, but as at the moment of starting the wind gave me a good deal of trouble, I found it necessary to leave the ground with great ascending power, and every attempt made to utilise currents would have been at the expense of gas or ballast. We had a desire to cross the German Ocean ; there fore, every ounce of ballast and every foot of gas had so be cautiously used. We had not much time to enjoy the glorious pan orama before we found it necessary jpromptly to discuss the propriety of ' attempting" to reach Holland or Belgium. Fortunately the atmosphere over England was clear. The start was made at 11 To'cloek. ' W« kept over nearly the middle of the Blackwater. At 1.20 fast passing orer the shores of Essex. Taking our .bearing*, we are going straight for Rotter dinC" If the wind continne3 we shall pro bably reach Holland "before dark. i'lie bottom of the sea is clearly seen in cv-ry direction. Every-channel and shojl is •isilymarked and forma a. fibrous network. ..We see the man-of-war at Harwich very distinctly., Sizsteimers beneath us appear to be almost in collision.. The bell on the buoy east of the Blackwater is continually ringing. The sound is very clear to us. rW« are at an altitude of 9,000 feet. The • lightship east of the Blackwater is about the size of a pea, but is very distinct. \- Although the bell is constantly ringing we can now and then hear shoots from decks. —We throw oat sheets of paper and find them being left a little to oar north. This satisfies ns that w» are making still a trifle south of eastward, and our safely and the attainment of our object depend * upon being able to continne it. Two . o'clock.—l have not set spent an ounce of • ballast or touched my valve. Altitude at this moment 10,000 feet. Onr feet are cold; We appeaO to be overhauling a mist to the soute-east. 2 55.—We are en- " shrouded in it, and cvn see nought but ; ourselves and our balloon. A few minutes ;' later w« hare a magnificient picture of the balloon] on the clond. We oan see oar f «!■ ". V 4 - '-• t, >'. ft ris-A-nit doing everytbingaxaetly as we do even to"the fingers distinctly handling the ropei Our ghosts arc dummies. We make them speak by shouting onnelvea, and even 1 in-this-they exactly ; imitate at The'grappling cable which I have let but is distinctly reproduced, its reflection or shadow running to the phantom car.. I; call Sir Claude de Creipigoy'a attention to this appaaent ligature. Be cannot "sco it where ho is sitting, but immediately on coming to my side ne tee* the rope as dis tinctly as I do. My blue serge suit looks now quite green and continnes so, for many minutes.. The atmosphere is'very deep blue above us. The gas up through the balloon is perfectly clear, and the great dome,- with its gores and diamonds, has a very solid and assuring appearance. Everything is in perfect traoqaihty. We can bear the- beating of onr hearts very distinctly. Our ears are occasionally block«b,butwe remedy this little evil by widely opening onr mouths. At 4.30 we both think there is a slight sound as of surf. We are, very slowly descending. , and at 4.40 - emerge on the under aide of the clouds, and can see something looking like a coast-line to the south-east. We aie still on the same course we started with. At 4.40 we have approached near enough to find that our imaginary coist line is a long sweep of shoal, but it en courages ns to think thai wo have passed mid-ocean. Another long line of shoal now appears behind to the eastward. ,As if by magic we are in fall view of six [ steamer', as we suppose. These are all coming from the east. On nearer approach we see they are sailing vessels. They appear to expect we shall require their I services, for they are tacking and dodging us. 5.10.—5w0 steamers are distantly visible, both going westward. 5.50.^-Sir Claude cries, ' .Look there ; is that another sboal ?' We discuss this matter with much interest. Sir Claude cannot believe it is anything but mainland. I soon began to think the same, but it continues for a long time very indistinct, and v I look very fixedly at it for some minntes it ap pears to altar its shape, and I conclude it can be nothing but a streaky cloud.- In stead of increasing in distinctness, this long sweep now grows a little more dim, and at the samo time we have other in dications which make us think we have changed our coarse and that there is a point at north in it. Now for some man rauvring to try and find oat whetner a snd den increase of altitude has changed our course. Sir Claude says two or three times that he does not despair of the streak turn ing out to be Una. His distant vision was more distinct than mm«. At 6.10 we are both perfectly satisfied that we are in view of the coatc to the east. The sun hid been forsoree minutes deeply shrouded, but he peeped between the clouds, and under the influence of his rays the balloon instantly shot upwards with fearful rapid ity. Sir Claude said, *Bo yon not smell gas escaping 1' Bat I did not, and bad it not been for this safeguard of his, the con seqnences might have been serious. In a few seconds we were over a vast area of what looked like mountains of snow, solid enongh to walk on. The grandeur of this scene it would be nttcr folly for me to at tempt to describe. Not the slightest movement conld be detected in any part of this vast doudland. Every mountain peak teemed to stand there fixed for ever. I now opened ihe valve. We rushed downwards with great rapidity. A few seconds were sufficient to bring us down from onr hightst position—l7,ooo feet—low enough to have spread before our delighted vision the beach of Walcheren Island, on the north side of the Scheldt river, and the mainland of Holland shutt ing ns in to the south. We had already passed the month of the Scheldt. 1 con sidered we were now safe enoush, and I sketched the Walcheren, with the town of Flushing just beneath us. The people were now bailing us lustily from all points. The balloon was brought down splendidly at Flushing, the grappling iron taking a firm grip in a ditch surrounding a wheat field. -This-ditch acted as well as a fence round the balloon to keep off the great crush. When we had emptied and packed the balloon the streets were thronped with people all the way to the Hotel Wellington, where we were entertained fora short time. After getting some refreshments we proceeded to the landing-stage, and there procured berths on board the mail stramer PrinusM Maty Jot Queenborongh. I had almost forgotten to mention that the cold was intense over the month of the West Scheldt at tfae altitude of 17,000 feet. I had 400 lbs. of ballast "left when we came down, and our journey could have been prolonged but for our having promised Lady de Crespigny that we would do onr best to descend on reaching the coast. •We landed at 7 o'clock." 