THE OLDEST MAN. ?? Aceeo Largo, or '- Long-Hide, accord ing to the English derivation of the Spanish word, burned himself to death at the Real del Castillo, California. For some time the old In aiannaaueenieeuieiuiaunaDieGowaiK. .uunng the recent heavy rains that fell in that region the old man sought refuge in a cabin near by. Last week he crawled np to the house of Senor Francisco Parma and told him he was very hungry. The bitter gave him a good dinner, besides furnishing provisions for fu ture emergencies and then instructed the other Indians at the rancheria to care for him. They replied that they had always done so, as they entertained unusual rever ence for the old man on account of his age. Thursday, the date in question, was a cold day in Lower California, and ' Long Hide' was given an extra blanket by his dusky friends. This he soon tore into strips, put them on a fire and soon his ' teepe' or brash house, was all ablaze. When this had been accomplished, despair for the moment seem ing to seize him, he plunged headlong into the burning mass. A stout young Indian near by seized him and tried to drag him oat of danger, bat the old man grabbed a stake in the ground near by, held himself in the fire, and before other help could come was literally roasted alive, dying within a few hoars after the occorance mentioned. ' Long Hide' was married and the father of several children when the miss ion of San Diego was built, one hundred and twenty years ago, and from what he told parties who visited him he must have been not less than thirty years of age at the time. Three or four years ago he lost a son who could remember when the mission was first built by Franciscan friars. This son must have been not less than 120 years of age. ' Long Hide' told of the first settlement of Old Town years before the mission was built, of the coming of ships for water at Russian springs, and many things of great interest ia the past history of San Diego and vicinity. Jann Melendrez who lives near the Beal del Castillo, says he knew ' Long Hide' fifty years ago and that he appeared nearly as old then as he did the week before he died. He says that the old man frequently beat the best horses owned in the country on trips to San Diego, one hundred miles distant from the Real, and that he often chased deer until they gave up with fatigue. He would then cap ture them after they had laid down for rest. Until a year ago he was able to walk about and travel quite well. Since then he has been obliged to crawl about on all fours, like a cat or dog. He retained his'sight perfectly and all the faculties of mind up to the day he died. — San Diego Sun. DOWN IN THE DAI1K. Down in the lower levels of our mines, hundreds of feet below the surface of the earth, in the dominions of Erebus, where darkness ever holds its reign unbroken by the light of day, are found some carious growths. The grass Valley Tidings makes the follow ing mention of a specimen of this subterran ean vegetation : ' On Saturday some miners found a rather queer specimen in the 700 level in the Idaho mine. The specimen which was found among the timber, is a sort of fungus (punk, we believe the miners call it), and is just the shape of a human hand. The hand has five fingers and a thumb, and appears to be in a sort of cramp ed position. It is a singular looking speci men, and may be seen at the Wisconsin hotel.' In the lower levels of the Comstock mines — particularly those long abandoned or un used — are seen many wonderful growths of different kinds of fungi. Some of these are of great size, almost filling up drifts, and seen by the dim light of a candle look like sheeted ghosts. Down below in the dark these growths seem to strive to imitate the forms of things seen on the surface. In one of our mines was once found an imitation of a fancifully- carved meershaum pipe, stem and all, so perfect that it wonld easily be mistaktn for the genuine article if not taken in the hand and closely ex amined. Some of the fungi resemble the horns of animals, and are from two feet to a yard in length, while others might pass for petrified devil-fish. — Virginia Enterprise. A coebespondent of the Rochester Post Express, describing the burning of a dwelling house hi Clifton Springs, recently, says that because of a peculiar state of the atmosphere a curious spectacle was presented. The southern sky was illuminated by a broad crimson glare, and from the centre of this, extending far up into the sky, was a blood red streak, such as is often produced by the explosion of a sky-rocket. This streak re mained long after the reflection of the blaze had died away. It is hard to personate and act a part long, for where truth is not at the bottom, nature will always be endeavouring to return, and will peep out and betray herself one time or other. — Tillotson. To divert at any time a troublesome fancy, run to thy books ; they presently fix thee to them, and drive the other out of thy thoughts. They always receive thee with the same kind ness.-TvF«U«r. jJiiDEtiasTS say that a single swallow will ^^0fliesyaday. 