THE SEW HEBRIDES. iflsslonarles and politics. «rn BrECIAL CORRESPONDENT rB0M -/llK VAGABOND." TAXNA, Sept. 7. yhe public opinion of the chiefs I meet at Port llesolution is * cry decisive, and as this is ' (he only trading phree in Tannu, itia tlie re gort of till the tribes except those who live very fa north For the French they have only words of hatred and contempt, tor the English nothing but a good word, " Tanna i^nnn a English," they say. One, ° Tanna i \- V.tio-liinil," belong a I'-JfLjiow Queen England." I ask belong.^ H'b » fi1P oueen. lie mast xn the j( be "sabes" the Queen, lie must m uie colonies Imve seen some picture of the floral family, for he replies, " Me oabe, one big fellow mun diej big fellow woman \- oicanmmy." This fairly she Btop, plenty piccaninny. ims imciy describes the domestic condition of the' necious lady who reigns over England. I Some big fights are going on at present, and I ' are not coming down to the j (he "husbnieii are nou wu...i6 .. — ..._ nort, so I send emissaries to the north, to the Set and totiie Wl'st> cafrying the word that (here is to he a big tulk here next Saturday 5 ijjSt I have come from Australia to see the chiefs of Tanna, and hear what they say for French or for English rule, bo that the " big fellow" Queen Victoria of England may know (heir hearts. Therefore the lights bad better fpiali, a tabu he made, and the chiefs meet inland talk in peace In thus endowing inyself with seini- diplomatic powers, 1 trust! have not been guilty of lese-majeste. In the present state of affaire respecting the New Hebrides, I consider it my duty to obtain an independent expression of opinion from the natives—an opinion which may be contrary to that held by the missionaries or by myself. The danger is that these chiefs will mock ' — 1 .W «»,»» ,„;u j 'JDGUuk•-< at my self-imposed mission—that they will j imagine I am tricking thcin into signing some document prejudicial to their interests. ' As the outcome of what I have already heard, which, I am told, " All man Tanna say all the game," 1 have prepared a petition to Her | to be signed by the chiefs if they will The natives all know the value of a written document The many purchases of land made in this island have been att stedby tbeir marks. They always acknowledge and nwer attempt to dispute tbese deeds. Not one of them here can read English. When l8tandbe(orethem audask to be their voice to the world, and say, " Put your marks to this," how will they take it? I have no outward and visible forms of authority with me, like the captain of a man-of-war. I have no pretensions to inward andspiritual grace, like a missionary. They can understand the one; they respect the other as some un known But what can they make of me ? They cannot realise the power a journalist represents, greater than that of soldier or preacher. Neither ostensibly officer, mis sionary, sailor, nor trader. What will these people think? Should they imagine that I am deceiving them, the situation will be awk ward. They are not fools; they ere blood thirsty and brutal; but they have a fine sense ol their own rights and their own liberties. Ike man who will attempt to cheat them out 0! either will make the acquaintance of a few Snider bullets. This is the trouble I have to look forward to. But as a journalist more or less matters very little, X intend to Bee the thing through. The mission nt Port Resolution has been I abandoned for nearly 12 months.. At | Kwamera, 14 mild? down the coast, the Rev. William Watt has been stationed since 1B68, haiing also to take charge of the souls on the island of Aniwa and at die Pork On the evening of my fourth day here the mission schooner Dayspring is seen «fa»nd»ng off. K. tells me 6he is bringing Mr; Watt back to his own station. No w, I wish to get all the Bgnatnres I can without consulting the missionaries. _ They may not be with me, Bad can certainly influence a few against me. un1 we get to Kwamera before Mr. JUtt, go through his electorate, and the work being done, meet him as he lands ! muayspnng 13 bound to keep well out at «Eht so we start at dawn in the morning to let through the programme I have laid down. We sail along the beautiful coast The shore o— upnoiUB UUmuiKI tfter mark The smoke ol many villages i u? wD near beach, others farther ii T~| ™}t "of up in the mountain valley Men! there is scarcely any population. O *«ma, the hue which divides the " sal r "bu8b" tribes Is a narro (ftp p~ r w a nam g. m VpU^UIH^v' iB not possible to get very far ftW from the sea. One can flee tp this _ fertile soil will, with very lib tarfaon, maintain a large population. \ wesouui-vrest and south-east coasts the i habitants are reckoued at 100 for every n* 01 beach. Long jagged reefs run out far in wesea; there is a aeep swell on the shpi % which the waves dash in ft ft* P powerful as at Hokitika., 8® striking on the ;epraytfor Pliant prisms. There is ft tnrqnoise ft Wove, and opal depths below, To lie bft ift me Btem sheets and imbibe the inflnen wmeseBmrroundingsis hapfrinees. afgfl ^dear frienda far away, and would Ujat soi ; with me to enjoy these Buannercrpu i Me South Seas. \- The Dayspring is sem in ■ «© slight wind. It is fc._ mm when we run through fin % 9® dangerous reel into. the. kwamera. There is a crowd of. to welcome uti; v X weatherboard, but the Church is the ordinary wass and reed shed. It is the policy of the ?i-..^r^yteri.an Church not to attach tmy — — ««vi> iw attiaui any sacred value to a thing made with hands, < hence they inculcate amongst the natives respecfe for the Sabbath as a Divine institu tion, and consider any place good enough to J worship in. Happily for tne architectural | benuty of Collins-street, all that is changed | in Melbourne., Mr. Matheso'n, of the Presbyterian church of Nova Scotia, settled at Kwamera in 1858. i The particular" "call" whifch the "IJlue noscs ' had in evangelising the New Hebrides ! I cannot exactly understand. However, i they were the founders of the mission here as elsewhere. And until one had personally realised the many hardships, perils of climate, and dangers from savages, I think It must have seemed an attractive "call" from bleak and cold Nova Scotia to these ever verdant isles of the Pacific. But in less than four years Kwamera-was aban doned, and it was not until 1SS9 that Mr. Watt, who belongs to tire Reformed Church of Scotland, re-opened the mission here. He has met, I nm told, with as much success as anyone, lie is respected by the natives | around, owl has a fair congregation. A few —very few—have learnt our ideas of decency. Ami both he and Mrs. Watt seem to be imbued with a true Christian spirit. The young Norwegian trader, my companion, is loud in praise of the missionary. " When I was down with the fever he visited me, and Mrs. Watt made and sent me bread, and anyone who says anything against them has to fight me," says this descendant of the Ber serks. By the well-used books on hisshelves,' Mr. Watt is a student; by his conversation he is more—a practical man of the world. He does not seem to think that everyone except a missionary will be damned, and he has none of the peculiar language—I will not eay "cant," hut the shibboleth—used by too many of his class. I have to thank Mrs. Watt for her hospitable reception and good tea, although, as in the case of the little Jody at Manipori station—who so insidiously 1 asked me, " Do you driuk whisky ?"—I recog nise that a str&ngcr; here is rather an acquisition, alwajs provided he does not belong to a " slaver." From the second mate of the Dayspring, who is on shore, I learn of the saa affair at Api, the day after we leit there. Two more white men kilted, why not I as well as another? I little thought as we passed the Lavinia at anchor, and saw the Government agent leaning smoking over the rails, that in less than a week he would be murdered close to where I went ashore. After lunch—the natives, we hear, having been got together—we adjourn to the beach. Mr. Watt says he does not wish to have anything to do with my petition or to sign it as a witness, as it would lie travelling ont of his province, but he consents to give his assurance of my bona fides if ques tioned. We find that the boss chief has just got through being "barbed." He is carefully burying some stray hairs in the sandj so that not one may blow away and fall into the hands of an enemy. He will not leave them here, but will burn them afterwards. It is a superstition not con fined to the New Hebrides, hut found, I believe, in the Banks and Solomon Islands, that if any evil-disposed person takes a piece of the food you eat, or anything belonging to your person, a hair from your bead, a toe nail, cc, by placing this over a slow lire, as it scorches up you will die in agony. No Tannaman will eat fowl for fear a feather may fall into an enemy's hands. You cannot get' one of them to take half a stick of tobacco, as the other part being burnt in a pipe would cause bis death. Banana Skins or the rind of any f rait are always carefully collected, and burnt or buried by those who eat them. One cannot laugh the natives ont of these superstitions I offer them stumps of cigars, and dare their most powerful wizard to harm me. They admit their impotency where white men are concerned, but seem to have a sort of pride that they are liable to tbis witchcraft' Just as some Old World people are proud of having ghosts. banBhees, the gout, and other disagreeables hereditary in their families. The head men of the surrounding villages are assembled. Some, like Cincinnatus, have been called from husbandry to affairs of state—coming straight from the yam patches, their hands are soiled with earth. The petition is translated to them, and my address in "beachcomber" English is listened to with great attention. Mr. Watt confirms the truth of the translation. There is a talk among themselves, and then by acclamation it is resolved that it is desirable tbe "big fellow Queen" shall prevent French annexa tion.' and that the chiefs shall affix their marks to a letter to that effect. "Frenchmanno good," each man says, with a shake qf his head. The marke are accordingly set down by the chiefs, not without a certain amount of nervousness at this strange ceremony. When this business is over they all seem as if they expected me to summon British legions out of the earth. If the French should annex the New Hebrides I am not going to visit there again. The natives will look, upon the "big-fellow Queen" and myself as deceivers. I make a farewell address. As I look round on these naked savages, some standing, others lying on the sands, I am reminded of William Penh'when he got tbe chiefs of the Delaware, and .Susquehanna valleys to . sign that cele brated treaty wbich "euchred ", them out of their, fertile plains. Bat this paper which the chiefs of Touna will sign can only do themselves good. As I am not working 6n my <0Wn account or for any personal benefit., I.atn'V going one better wan William P Tn my barting words I ' try to ipipresa a little 1 knowledge on my hearers. With a of reeds I give theto a version of the id tale of the bundle of sticks. I point fiow foolish it iB for the men of Tanna to and kill each other when by uniting would be powerful. I appeal to them i is in > the girls longet the „ tola iwho wear i as well aa good cotton tor to the rest, These ~ iving been They are. la They ind there letn, but tetoraisy Graves, toot wai$ until ne alwig. JCri^Witt'J^^fec-, .old haftkohidebuB,cjadbniy tobati OTrtfracb andcardss/the ml.: Not onratohbfitobto rVtorld, but ^ w&ktokWrV; -ftoui such ooiitact.wim aw*. „ .. «tt does h ot like it I atn sure, i she disengages herself without any sign of repugnance. And then I understand the true missionary spirit I see here the out come of the vision which the apostle saw at Joppa, when the gospel of humanity and love to all preached by llim of Nazareth was first understood as being held out to all mankind, and not only to the parish of Judea. " Nothing is common or unclean." Love and charity and the example of good lives; these the missionary and his wife can evidence here of more value, perchance, than prayers and sermons. In time, the seed may bear fruit, but the harvest is long, very long, in coining; as yet there is scarcely a germ! Going down 1o the boat I am disgusted at leing asked to buy yams, as if I were a com mon trader, instead of one self-clothed with an important diplomatic mission. The im poriuners, however, are few, and I get rid of tliem by distributing a few sticks of tobacco, a proceeding which I hope does not come under the bribery clause of the ballot Act At Kwamera 1 commence my election campaign. Every where the result 1b the same, a hatred of the French strongly evidenced, and the marks of the chiefs readily affixed to the petition when it is explained to them. A desire is often expressed that the Queen would send a big fellow ship to fight the "Wee Wees." Strange enough are some of my experiences. Par exemple, I wrote this to-night in a grass hut, where there is just room to sling my hammock. A box on the ground serves as a tabic, the candle dickers in the wind, my Snider and revolver ore close to my hand, for I am cautioned to be always pre pared for danger. The dank vegetation out side gives out a sickly smell in the moist night air. My companion is sleeping in an other hat afar off, and I am alone with my thoughts. I imagine I am considered to be tabu, as a great chief of Victoria. To-night a man, who had a Snider ball Bhot through his hand, is brought to me to examine. The wound is one which in any other country would necessitate amputation. Here it is healing np quickly, owing to the pure vege table diet of the sufferer. When we depart in a morning (he beach is always crowded with men and women to see us off. They sit in different groups. I talk to both of their services in Queensland and Fiji. From these I obtain no complaints as regards the labour traffic. The women espe cially lament the time of their three years' r' slavery" in the colonies. They mention the names of people 1 know with whom they have served l'hey were in far better case then. "Plenty mono (dress); plenty fa it." This is what these females, now dragged down with the cares of mater nity, and toiling hard in the yam patches, tell.) me. On every island, and m every village I have been, I have questioned the natives as to their view of the labour trade. Complaints have been made against individual ships for "stealing" men, but poll the people, and the minority in favour of suppressing the traffic in "indentured labour" would be ridiculously small One of the largest individual gatherings I attend is at White Sands, some five miles from Port Resolution. Word had been sent overland to the surrounding villages that the " big fellow talking captain" was coming An early start, and we row along the shore where we can see all the formation of the coral rocks upheaved by the earthquake, with the lower stone strata beneath. At the point stand two lone cocoannt trees. They were pre viously on the hill top, but in the great con vulsion a landslip took place, ai . and they were carried a quarter of a mile without injury. This has always been a great source of wonder to the natives, who imagine that the trees were taken up bodily and borne through the air. " Yasur made him." they say; and they are right in that the hidden forces of the volcano reused the con vulsion. Sulphur Bay is well known to sailors. White men were long established here trading for copra and for Bcuphar, which the natives brought down in bags from the volcano sides. In 1877 on honest trader living here named William Easterbrook was murdered by the natives. Lieutenant Coffin, of the Beagle, hanged a man for this, not the real criminal, bnt an accomplice who was present at the murder, and ready to finish the deed. The actual slayer of Easterbrook is one named Yuhmunga; he is now an indentured labourer in Queensland, at Mary borough ; he is a thorough scoundrel, and if anyone seeing this should find him out, and kick him, justice will not suffer. Anent this murder I will quote Dr. Steel s book on the New Hebrides as Blowing the unfair bias against traders which missionary accounts always give. It seems as if they can never be fair, when they write of other white men except them selves. Dr. Steel, who. I suppose, got his information from the resident mis sionaries, says Easterbrook "had sold gun powder to the natives, and lived with one of their women. Some quarrel had arisen about this woman, mid it led, it is believed, to his death in this violent manner." Anyone reading this, and especially if with Exeter-hall proclivities, would imagine that Easterbrook rather deserved his death than other wiser-there is thepjjvious suggestion that he bad abducted*7flr seduced aTanna woman, and hence met his fate. When I read this to Captain Macleod, he briefiy said, " It is a -—lie." The dead man's partner was a good woman from Api, bought as his wifegfter native fashion, ana living with him as such, although the union was not sancti fied by the ritoa| ofithe church. She now resides .on Sandwich, -cultivating, with is land labourers, .a little property for the benefit, pf, her. half-caste .children, of whom Captain Macleod has taken charge.. I nave- before pointed out that traders scarcely ever take unto themselves partners of the daughters of theisl&ud; where they live, so .avoiding complications with the natives. Ea8tmbro<Mc,Jfrmn the testimony of the Tanna men at Sulphur Bay, was murdered without provocation through a trading dispute over a bunch , of cocoanuts which Yuhmunga had stolen.. The tribes lament it, and soy that if his half-caste, son. will come and live with them they will give him a piece of land. a I quote this as one of many examples of mis sionary pairativesin which every white man except themselves is nold up toscorn. t . It, is fonr years ago since I visited the jate lamented KingThakamban at Bau. I sailed hom Levuka with that kindest of cicerones, Mr. Wpam Bewfings, the great "white chief* of YULWIth, us was a dear little frienxl of mine who had royal blood in his veins. Arrived at. the island home of the vuni vuJUn. we oaa>w so ashore from our, jtjetotfemilieswere ihere to we&me;®,':late Joe, a striking n£the piou8 training .nCollege, calls, SUoctor! WiU you, e to-night? Only jcnow, but I'll put <££»> 'Prince Joe is , shirt, and it seems i these English col l^^wwuviw^esiwsraised a cheer. fchrinff W junifi ashore. SomedLmy reaflrii may have balanced themselves on a Fijian iconga, others will have seen pictures of it You have to part your hair down the middle and equally divide the silver in your trousers' pockets as you stand on the plank which is All the passenger accommoda tion. I had done this all right, but I neglected proper precautions in landing, liaising one foot to jump ashore the equili brium was destroyed, the t|iing bucked, arid down I went into 4ft of water, my helmet driven over my bead, nearly suffocating me. How the lirst families laughed at my trium phal entry ! Much the same thing happens nt White Sand. There is a Heavyswell on to the beach, into which we back our boat after dropping a small anchor and letting ont many yards of chain. To get ashore dryshod I jump on to " Santo's " back as the waves recede. This boy, who comes from the island of' that name, is not up to my weight He makes a few steps and then hills Hat, and the .llow of the tide covers us. Sauto is jeered a good deal by the crowd ashore for the shaky condition of his knees, and as 1 laugh the natives laugh also, and Cocari, the chief, greets me with outstretched hands. An intelligent native this, not unlike Juno, P.M., in appearance, but very unlike him in disposition. He lias been on indentured labourer, and recognises the value of work in getting money and tobacco and otber things not to be picked up in the bush. Whilst Juno loafs aronnd the store at Port Resolution, blackmailing Gottfrey Kijhn for tobacco, Cocari is acting as agent for .the trader here, buying cocoannts and bossing the labour boys. He is guite a man of busi ness. Not, let it be understood, that there is any hard work in giving a 'stick of tobacco for 10 nuts, or in swearing at the boys as they make copra. Still, a certain amount of ap plication and steadiness is required in -this, and it is pleasing to see a native equal to the occasion. .Cbcairi is paid £3 a month and allowances of tobacco and kava. He has three boys from Pentecost under him, whom we brought down in the Caledonia from Port Vila. Theit pay is 20 francs a month. These islandersaregmve-looking men. with the upper lip shaved, and a general " local preacher " appearance. They don't believe in clothes; on the trip down Captain Proctor gave them shirts, as he did not "like to see naked niggers" on board his ship, but they have got rid of these now. There ate piles of cocoanuts being cracked in the shed, and drying on the baUas outside. Much more copra iB made here than at Port Resolution, and the Norwegian is having a house erected, intending to lire between the two places, lie gave Cocari £10 worth of trade for a piece of iand, and had drawn np the most comical "Indenture between Gottfrey Kijbn of the first part, and Cocari of the second part," which a lawyer ever saw. I could not be a witness to this, as requested, the consideration having been paid before my arrival, but 1 can testify that the chief and all the people acknow ledged that the ground belonged to the Norwegian trader, having received due payment Divested of all legal jargon, the indenture" is plain enough in its meaning, and should hold good to Gottfrey Kijhn, ms heirs and assigns, for ever. I myself think that natives should give any white man coming to reside amongst them enough ground to live on, bnt these guileless savages are smart enough in making a dollar. They give nothing without payment 