UUR NJ/.VS LETTER. 1 (FllO-l ova. 0«*N COBOEfirOKDENT.) ' Melbourke, Juno 19. I Matters in connection with tlie events in political circles are at the prcsont timo aonicwhat slow, and very little is doing beyond the agitation for fresh lines of railway, the prmcipal of which is tho con necting link between Victoria and South Australia, aud the planning out of tho work for the ensuing session of Parlia ment. Thero has been a great deal of money placcd upon the estimates for various publio works, nnd thcru is a great deal more to come, so that the bulk of the loan which has caused so much talk of late will be swallowed up almost bcftc.- it arrives here. ' Parliament meets for the despatch of business on tho 3rd of July next;' As an instance of the enormous profits ?ccasionally rc&Used; in land selection, the application of a selector in tho North eastern district to liave his selection al lotted for sale pui-posos, affords a striking proof. Ho originally purchased the land at £1 per acre, but owing lo the railway runniug through it the Government pur chased a portion for twice that amount, and it having boon recently decided to erect a station on a portion of it tho original selector lias cut it up into allot ments, aud sold tlie balance at £100 per Tlio chiefs in the eastern and southern portions of Now Guinea, especially thoso converted to Christianity, are reportod to be cagor to have the island placed under tho British rule. Tliey are friendly dis posed towards tlie British nation, aud aro in no way averse to . the carrying out of the Queensland system of lal-or traffic, al though tho same has boon shown to liavo its disadvantages in many respects. The rents of the Government runB which liavo been encroached on by selectors, has formed the subject of somo consideration on tlie part of the Minister of Lands. Tho lease holders require tliat they should not pay nucli heavy ronts where tlioir runs have been cut up, and owing to the fact that in somes cases more than two-tliirds of tlio runs liave boon taken awAy by selectors, tho matter will liave to be considered by the officers of the department. The new Prince's bridgo will be a gorgeous affair, and whon completed will form one of the finest public works of the colonies. Extensive preparations are boing made to cany out the design, the City Council being asked to contribute largolj' to tlie cost of the erection. This body has agreed to give £40,000, but the Minister of Public Works is not satisfied with that Amount, and the matter will be taken in hand hy tho Council at an early date with a view to induce tho Emerald Hill and St. Kilda Councils to join in Bliaringoxpenso. A new steamer, to be called the Dorset, and designed for the trade between tho tin mines and Launccston, has been lately completed by Mr Knight, of Emerald Hill, to the order of a Tasmaniau shipping firm. On Saturday last she made a trial ' trip down tlie bay as a test of licr capa bilities. She was built to run an eight knots nvcrago, but on Saturday last showed that she was capnble of a much higher rate, as fli knots were got out of her easily. The little vessel is 80ft in Jcngth, with 17ft 3in beam, depth of hold Oft lOin. She carries 00 tons of cargo in a 5ft depth of water. Tlie cost of build ing and fitting her up hns been ostimated at about £4500, out of which moru than half has been expended in the purchase of her engines and mnchincry. A commercial traveller named Leiih aidt recently committed suicide in Sydney HarlKir by stubbing himself in the left-forearm, and allowing himself to bleed to death in tlie water. The body was tound in Koso .bay, the lorcarin being lacerated severely in four places. i For some time past the clocl » on the | suburban liiicsliavebeen continue ? out of ' time. Several of tliem have - en as much as seven or ten minutes fast, or slow. In oi-der to meet this dillicu'ty it has now been decided to regulate the clocks by electricity, and for that purpose they will be shortly connected by wire with tho central clock in Elizabeth street.. Mi*. Joseph Clarko who has been ailing for some time past is now reported to be recovering. He has been attended by Dr. Motherwell who reports favorablj' upon his condition, nnd although he is nt the present time by no means out of dauger, still hopes are entertained of his ; ultimate recover}'. The bakers of Melbourne arc agitating for an eight hours movement. Some time ago they went on strike for a re duction of the hours of labor aud ten hours were given them. They now state | that they are entitled to a further reduc tion. A committee has been appointed I to cany out the movement without delay. I A jockey named Rose, who wns riding I | Suusliino in the steeplechase at the late ! race meeting at Wyudham, was t.lu'own at j the jump immediately opposite the Graud stand. The horse fell over him, killing him instantly. Tlie rider of Rocket was also thrown at a jump aud sustained a severe shaking, with a fracture of thccollar l-onc. He had only lately recovered from the cllects of a fall at Fleinington. A id.iii named R:chnrd White was severely injured whilst in coinpnny with smother man named James Mollard, who was charging a blast in tho Lady Barkloy mine. Mollard was in tho act of filling tho drilled hole with blasting powder, when tho chargo exploded, and Wliite who was standing close to thu face of the stone, received the cllects in his face, Mollard escaping by a miracle. Patrick Finn, amailboy, carrying mails between Geelong and Laketown, reported to the police that he was stuck-up by two stopped liis horse, and rifled his pockets. Horace Hamblin and Charles Bricndoch havo boon arrostod for tho alleged rubbery. They offered no opposition to the police | when taken in chargo, but denied the | accusation. Mr H. Black, member for Mack-ny, ; Queensland, advocates the introduction of coolie labor. Ho states that the sugar planters cannot get white labor for the work required, and if tho employment of colored lab' wcro stopped tlio very im portant industry in question would be neglected. The introduction of the coolies would improve tlie condition of the European population by pushing '.his in dustry. Tho agitation to have the bouth Aus tralian railway joined with the Victorian end i« boing continued. The Government, nt the present time, docs not appear to he very active iu the matter, but those in terest id are determined not to let the matter dr»-p, but to continue tlie agitation until a definite reply is ob tained. Rabbits arc doing great damage to the young crops in the Western districts of Victoria, and all attempts to get rid of them appeal' to be vain. Tho fanners are reverting to tho uso of poisoned wheat, which is partially successful. Last week three valuable horses at Gymbowen died through feeding on some of the wheat intended for the rabbits. Wild dog hunting iu the Western dis trict ought to bo a profitable employment. Tho Borough Council of Diuiboola liave offered 20a a head for the dingoes heads, aud the Government will supplement this by a i in* 'Jar sum. Great dilliculty is . ex perienced by the hunters, however, in tho district, owing to the cunning dis played by thu brutes, and tlie amount of Thieves from Sydney and Melbourne were in force at Albury during the time of the festivities held there. One of them, a well-known Sydney criminal, was 1 observed by Detective MkLean loitering about the streets, aud as soon as he saw that lie was noticed ho made off. He wjis captured, and £23 in cash, the proceeds of a till robbery, was found in his mouth. He was making desperate oflbrts to chew up and swallow the notes. Messrs Burford Bros., soap manufac- 1 turers, of Adol-tide, wore proceeded against by the local Government lust week for causing annoyanco by the abominable smells caused by their oper ations. The jury at first disagrood( but after being again cliarged by the Judge, who summed up dead against tho de fendants, were of opinion that the works ' should be romovod, but tliat Messrs Bur- j ford Bros, should be compensated. I The Queensland Railway Commission : are busy at the present time investigating | tho working of tho Maryborough aud Gympio lino. The Sandgato and South ern and Western railway lino station tnasters aro ordered to work under the staff system, on the Sundays the saute as woek, days. Tlie Roma lino to Maransa will be oponed in tunc for the coming wool soason. It is understood that a walking match will bo shortly Arranged between Edwards and O'Leary for the championship. The terms of the match, however, have not yet been fully drawn owing to the reluc- ; taoce, it is said, of O'Leary to go for so large an amount as £500, wliich, however, Edwards insists upon. The jury in the caso of Archibald Gar- 1 diner v. tlie Sydney Comniittoe of Rail ways have returned a vordict for the full amount claimed, £1000. Tlio action was brought for damages sustained by boing J'crked off a train at Camperdown in | ilarcli last year, which accidcnt was al- 1 loged to be due to the ncgligoncc of tho I department. Sir Patrick Jennings has tendered his resignation as a member of tho Sydney Government, but tho same has not yet been acceptod owing to theabscnco of the Governor from the colony. No reasons have been given for the stop, but it is generally understood that Sir Patrick wishes to retire from public life. A soction of th« Sydney press con demns the M'Hwraith policy by giving away ten millions of land. It is statoa that it would bo preferable to boiruw the money even at 10 per cent., than to throw away a large landed estate, wliich is even at the present time salcablo property, and iu addition to tliis to havo to buy the rail- i way to be shortly made into tho interior. The petitions for opening tho Museum And Public Library on Sundays aro still being Largely signed, especially in the country districts. Tho agitation which has somewhat cooled down of late, is now mostly confined to a few of the religiously inclined, who arc strongly averse to oponing anything of tho description of public institutions, there strongest reason being that the measure will entail extra labour on the first day of tlie week. The proposal to hold an Irish Austra lian Convention in Melbourne, similar to the one which assembled iu America, has been taken up warmly by tho Irish National Land League. The following : resolutions have been adopted by that body: — 'That, following the movement of our kinsmen in Ireland and America, wo now resolve tliat the existing branch l of the Irish National Laud Leaguo be now dissolved, and tliat a branch of the Irish National League be established iu ~*M1)ournc, with power to establish sub -j-anches throughtthe colony of Victoria.' 'That iu order to ostablish the Irish National Leaguo iu Australia upon a broad and firm basis, wc hereby declare the advisability of assembling in Mel bourne a convention, representing the various branches throughout Australia, to consider the best means of forwarding the movement.' The fanners of the Little River district arc agitating for a reduction of the cliarges for tho carnage of hay aud straw by mil. They complain of the charges being exces sive, and contend that when Mi- Patterson was in oflico a reduction was promised which however was never granted. The present Minister of Railwiiys, it in said, has uo sympathy with the farmers who desire to send their producc to the market. Nominations were received on Monday last for the various events in connection with tlio V.R.C. Winter Steeplechase meeting. The entries aro a little behind those of last year, but are still satUfac toiy. Li tlie Maiden Hurdle Race there are eight entries less than last year, and a similar number is 'short in the Graud National Hurdle. But on the other lumd, the Stoeplu|!ias eight more than las^yiar, I and the Maiden Steeplechase one more. I Mr Service has had some consultations I with tho Premier of N.S.W. during his I visit to Victoria, respecting the rjnestions j of the extradition of absconding debtor's, wife deserters, and other matters of the kind, over which much has been said lately, and concerning wliich the police of both colonies have to encounter more difficulty in executing warrants issued iu either colony. | The Adelaide Commissioner of crown ! lands lias written to the proprietors of the I iSonih Australian Itcjiafer, demanding the I name of the writer of an article charging ! tho ministry with ' flagrant corruption.' ; As it iB not likely that the name of the writer will be disclosed, the ministry will direct tlioir attention to the paper itself, and it is intimated tliat criminal procoed- 1 ings will be taken. Mr Jenkin Coles, of the Adclaido Opposition party, lias moved a vote of want of confidence in the present Govern ment of that place, ou account of tlio working of the present Land Act, which has beon argued before the Legislature of that colony. With regard to the gpnern! | administration of the Government, little or notliing is siiid, the House being divided on the question of the Land Act alone. Tlie Hon. J. Colton, a staunch supporter formerly of the Ministry, litis turned ai?aiiist them. The Sydney press, speaking of the question or federation, casts some doubts uponjfchc f ,/uject of tlie Albury banquet, atid^He junction of the lines liaving any thing to do with bringing tho two colonies into closer relationship. It is contended that when South Australia, Victoria, and New South Wales are joined by railway, it will come about by the forco of events aud the lapso of time, and uot by any direct agency of coalition on the part uf the Governments of those colonies. The Executive Committee, formed for tlie purpose of erecting a statue to tho memory of tho late Mr Justice Bany, have considered nnd settled the question of the sculptor's conditions with regard thereto. Thero oppears uo doubt what ever about the raising of funds to com plete the 'amount of money required for tlie work. The shops commission have continued their laboura for some time past, and have framed a report of a draft scheme for the establishment of Courts of Cancellation iu Victoria. This report has been printed, aud will be circulated in the coui'a'e of -t fc'w days. lis object in primarily the prevention of strikes among the employees in shops and large business homes in Melbourne. The Wyudhaiu Racing Club meeting on Saturday last, held at the local racecourse, Wiis an undoubted success. There was a large attendance, the weather being line and warm. The Soiling Handicap was the first race, and was won by Nymph, with Aid High second, and Drumstick third. For the Hurdle Race six horses staitod, Mille winning the contest, with Stormbird second, and Merrymaid (the favorite) third. For the Wyudham Handicap Bonny Bree nulled off first place, with Conolauus second, and Barley Bree third. A protest was entered by Mr Maitland, the owner of Coriolaiius, mi the grounds that Bonny Bree had run in New South Wales under another name ; nnd also that lie had run at a meeting nut I advertised in the calendar of tho V.R.C. However, the protest was withdrawn, the orrur of the same being made apparent to Mr Maitland. For the Steeplechase Mazie was the favorite, aud ho led from the second round, and kept hi6 position well to the finish ; Peter eanic up very fast for second place, but could not get near to Mazie ; Yerlo ran a good tliird. For tho Werribee Park Handicap The Ghost easily carried off the stakes, Chloris taking a second place, with Belle Brandon third. A confinement case took place at the Melbourne watch-house on Friday last, tlio circunibtances connected therewith being of a peculiar character, and it is probable that an enquiry will bo held therewith. A woman, named Martha Wright, called at the lock-up in King street, and made some rambling state ments to the officer in charge. As she rclusod to go away she was locked up for being drunk. She was kept a few hours there, and then transferred to the central station. After being kept there for a little while she stated to the lock-up keeper tliat she was near her confinement, and begged to see a doctor. She was at once taken to the Lying-in Hospital, where, however, sho was refused admis sion from Bomu unexplained cause. She was then taken back to tho lockup, whore she became vory ill, nnd shortly after hor admission thereto was delivered of a cliild by Dr. Teagua, who was sent for hur riedly. She was thcu taken a secoud timo to the hospital, after liaving boon left lying on the cold floor of the cell in the watch-house all night. Tlie woman, who is tho mother of seven children, and whoso husband was recently drowned at Wnrniambool, was, it is stated, more Absent-minded and delirious than intoxi cated. Complaints have been made by tho managers of milling companies to the effect that the cliarges for tho uso of the diamond-drill are so high that only the exceptionally largo companies can afford to make use of them. The Minister lias, iu consequence, determined to revise the scale of charges, and reduce them as much as possible, in order that thoy may bo placcd within tlie reach of everyone, as I they appear to be a most important moans I of developing the mining interest of the I colony iu general. 