SELECTED POETRY. LOVE AND SCORN. —A. C. Swinburne. in the Athenceum. Love loyallest and lordliest born of things. Immortal that shouldst be, though all else end, In plighted hearts of fearless friend with friend, Whose hand may curb or clip thy plume-plucked ■ wings? Not Griefs nor .Time’s; though these - bo lords and kings - . Crowned, and their ycka bid vassal passions bend, ' They may not pierce the spirit of sense, or blend . ■ .. ' i ■ • Quick poison with the soul’s lira wnfersprinps. The true clear heart whose core is manful trust Tears not that very death may turn to dusk Love lit therein as toward a brother born, It one touch make not nil its fine gold rust. If one breath bluht not ail its glad ripe oom. And ell Its fire be turned to fire of scorn. Scorn only, scorn begot of bitter proof By keen experience of a trustless heart. Beats horning in her new born hand the dart. Wherewith love dies heart-stricken, and the roof Tails of his palace, and the storied .woof Long woven of many a yonr with life’s T&ole; art Is rent like any rotten.wood apart, And hardly with reluctant eyes aloof Cold memory guards one relic scarce exempt Tot from the fierce corrosion of contempt. And hardly saved by pity. Woo arc wo That once we loved, and love not; but wo know The ghost of love, surviving yet in ehow. Where seem has passed, is vain as grief mast . he. . 0 snored, just, inevitable scon> t Strong ohild of righteous judgment, whom with grief The rent heart bears, and wins not yet rottof r Seeing of its pain so dtre.a portent born, Must them not spare one sheaf of all the corn. One doit of all the treasure t not one sheaf. Not one poor doit of all ? n»t one dond leaf Of all that fell and left behind « thorn f I: men so strong that one should scorn another T Is any nr God. not made of m-Ttal mother. That love should turn in him to gill and flume! Nay: but the true is not the false heart's brother: \- Love cannot love disloyalty; the usme That else It wears is lore no more, but shame. 