Some Remarkable Dreamers. AT the French lottery offices it used to be a custom to keep a register of the lucky numbers which had been suggested by dreams, they were so numerous and so remarkable. Never did a day pass without adding to the wonderful record, and faith in dreams grew in consequence even more rapidly than the list did in the register. It was so in England while the lotteries existed, and is so abroad where they still exist Many strange stories of this kind are told. Amongst remarkable dreamers we have authors who, continuing the occupation of the day, have composed through the night while asleep. In this way Voltaire composed his verses to Monsieur Touron. The most thoughtful and eminent philoso phers have regarded the phenomena of dreams with the deepest interest. Lord Byron, repeat ing an idea as aged as Heraclitu*. says :— Oar life is two fold : sleep hath its own world. Hefrick al«o wrote loo* before Byron »— U«ry w* are all by day; by nt«ht w* «re hurfd By dreams each one into a BeY'rtu world. And strange indeed such worlds are; world! ill which time and space have no laws, and everything that is actual and real seems to blend with everything fanciful and unreal, without for an instant appearing improbable or extraordinary. In a dream the coward is brave, the foolish wise, and the defeated triumphant; the little are great, the blind see, the lame walk, the joyous are sad, the sad joyous, the prosperous fail, and the weak arc strong. From tho most ancient times dreams have been regarded as prophetic symbols, capable of useful and important interpretations, and many astonishingly strange stories are told in which their significance was apparently demonstrated. Anciently they were broadly divided into good and evil dreams, and means for securing the one or avoiding the other were solemnly adopted. Pliny said aniseed placed on the pillow, so that the sleeper smelt it, would prevent dreams from being disagreeable, while the seed of pyenocomen, taken in doses of one drachm in wine, produced nightmare. Both Pliny and Aristotle re garded dreams as most frequent in the spring and autumn. Among the ancients dream-interpreting was a regular trade, and Artemidorus is credited with exalting it into a science by the publication of his five books of " Oneirocritica," first printed in Greek at Venice in the year 1518, and sometimes called " The Dreamer's Bible." Galen tells of a man who dreamed that his left thigh had become stone, and who soon after lost the use of it by a dead palsy; of another, one of his patients, who dreamed that he was in a vessel full of blood, which he accepted as a sign that the man ought to bo bled, by which means a serious disease under which he laboured was cured. Dion Cassius stated that his history was written in obedience to a dream, and Cyprian that he was instructed by a dream to mix wine and water in the Eucharist. Lac tan us believed that dreams were the agents of tho Divinity, St. Bernard of Clairvaux that they were often instigated by devils. Thomas Aquinas held it folly to deny that future events were indicated by dreams, and Joscphus care fully studied his dreams as the divine guides by which all his actions were to he governed. Bishop Bull held the same belief, and so, ife appears, did Bishop Ken. Amongst the most remarkable dreams on record the following will always have their places. THE DREAM OF THOMAS LORI) LYTTELTON. Breakfasting with some ladies on November 25, 1779, at his house in Hill-street, London, Thomas Lord Lyttelton spoke of a very curious dream he had dreamt in the night. In this dream a bird flew into a room where he was, and, while be looked at it, it changed into a female, who told him to prepare for another world, as in three days he would die. He was then well, and, as he laughingly said, did not look like a man so near death. On the Satur day also he told the same ladies that he felt perfectly well, and believed he should "bilk the ghost." Some hours afterwards he went with Mr. Fortescue and Captain Wolsley to Pitt Place, Epsom, ate for supper an egg, went cheerfully and talkatively to bed, hoped he should have rolls for breakfast, and suddenly expired while Stuckey, his servant, was assisting him to remove his under- waistcoat. This story has been told in various ways; the above account is that given by Lord Westcote, Lord Lyttel ton's uncle. THE DREAM OF OALPURNIA. Plutarch records that Caesar being in bed with his wife Calpurnia, when the Ides of March had come, but, alas! were not yet gone, was much disturbed by the groans she uttered in her sleep, and awoke her. She then told him that she had dreamt of holding him, murdered, in her arms. On the following day, so deeply was this dream impressed upon her mind, and so great the terror it occasioned, that she implored him to remain at home that day and adjourn the meeting of the Senate. He was startled, and knowing her to bo a woman of strong mind, and in nowise superstitious, he offered sacrifices and consulted tho diviners, by whom he was advised to adjourn the Senate, and would have done so had he not been persuaded to the contrary by one of the conspirators against his life, who laughed at the dream ana the diviners, and warned Cwsar against giving offence to the Senate, just when they were prepared to crown his most ambitious desires. Imperial Caesar listened, and went out with him to meet his death. THE DREAMS OF AUGUSTUS. At the battle of Philippi, although Augustus being unwell had determined not to leave his tent, a dream urging him to quit it, he did so, and thereby his life was saved, for an attack of the enemy resulted in its capture and destruction. At another time, after visiting a temple near the Capitol which he had dedicated to Jupiter Tonans, he dreamt that Jupiter Capitolinus came to him complaining that the new temple had taken away his worshippers; to which he replied no, he had but given him a porter at his gate. To carry out this idea bells were hung round the summit of the new temple such as were usually found at the gates of great houses. In consequence of another dream Augustus, on a certain day in the year, always begged alms of the people in the attitude of a mendi cant —head bent, hand outstretched. THE DUE AM OK MONICA. St. Augustine tells the story of his mother's dream, at a time when he was still involved in vice and sensuality, very touchingly, as follows: — " And Thou sentest Thine hand from above, and drcwest my soul out of that profound darkness. My mother, Thy faithful one, weeping to Thee for me more than mothers weep the bodily deaths of their children. For she, by that faith and spirit which she had from Thee, discerned the death wherein I lay, and Thou heardest her, O Lord. Thou heardest her, and despisedst not her tears, when, streaming down, they watered the ground under her eyes in every place where she prayed; yea, Thou heardest her. For whence was that dream whereby Thon com fortedst her, so that she allowed me to live with and to cat at the same table in the house, which she had begun to shrink from, abhorring and detesting the blasphemies of my error? For she saw herself standing on a certain 1 wooden rule, and a sbiniug youth coming toward» her, cheerful and smiling upon her, herself grieving and overwhelmed with grief. But ho having inquired of her the caiuea of her grief and daily tors, and she aAawcung that sbe wu bvwailina my itutUtian. ho bade her rest contented, and told her to look and observe that where she was there waa I also. And when she looked she saw me standing by her on the same rule." THK DKtiAM OK LADY WAKRK'S (JHAFLALN. In "Sonic Passages of the Life and Death of the Right Hon. John Earl of Rochester, who died :20th July, IGSO," we read how this lord told the writer that the chaplain of his mother-in-law, Lady 'W'arre, dreamt that ho would die on a certain day. The idea was ridiculed by the family, and he had almost forgotten it, when one evening at supper it was discovered that there were thirteen at table, which, "according to a fond conceit" — in other words, a foolish one—indicated tho death of one of them, and a young lady pointed out the chivplain as that one —probably in fun. This recalled the dream, and the chaplain was at once thrown into a state of agitation. He expressed his belief that beforo the morn ing he must die; but, being then in excellent health, no one heeded his words. On tho following morning he was found dead in his bed.— Ltnulon Soci&.li/, for August. 