THE BANK OF ENGLAND. The Old Lady of Threadneedle-street has been putting her house in order. Whelther under the influence of a spirit of rivalry engendered by the new buildings and fine machinery of the kindred establishment on Tower Hill, or whether entirely stimulated by the exigencies of increased business, need not be determined; but the Bank of Eng land is just now the scene of unusual bustle and activity. What is practically a fine new entrance into tie building has been recently opened up from Princess-street. It has been described as a new doorway. It is hardly this however. Thie door buhas always been there, and some of the very old stagers on the establishment can re member its having been opened. A good many years ago, however, during some time of l)opular turmoil, this entrance was prac tically abolished by building up inside it a ponderous mass of brickwork and masonry. This has been removed, and access to the interior of the bantk may now be had on the western side. Inside the bank, too, there has been a considerable readjustment of oflices. The public drawing oflice, for in stance, and the branch bank office have been transferred to the handsome and spacious room which formerly was the accountant's bank-note office-the oflice, that is to say, in which old bank- notes are sorted and registered before being stored away in the dark vaults of the bank, where, for five years, they lie packed away in little wooden boxes, something like plum-boxes, ready to appear, like so manyaccusingangels, against anybody who has made them the means of fraud. It is a little irregular to have got down into this nether world of pecuniary ghosts so early in the course of an inspec tion of tohe bank, but, now that we are here, it may save coming down again if we look aboutus alittle. There are probably people about to whom a region of veritable ghosts would be scarcely more fearsome than those gloomy, silent avenues, piled up high on either hand with those little wooden receptacles. It is rather a startling idea that very possibly flashes upon the visitor as he moves amid these silent witnesses to so many monetary transactions that if during the past five years he has scribbled hisi name and address across a Bank of England note, probably that signature is hero, and that somebody may some day bring into the bank upstairs a note bearing tho same num bar as that which he signed. Supposing the new arrival is sufficiently genuine in appearance to pass muster-no doubt, rather a far- fetched supposition, unless it really is genuine-within a few hours a olerk will take down as queer a looking led ger as ever went under the name, and will proceed to " post" the note. Then it will be seen that the proper space for a note of that date and that number has already been filled in. Something must be wrong. The new arrival may be a good note. In that case the other must be a forgery, and any body whose name appears on it may expect communications. Any day something ir regular in the history of one of these notes may bring down upon any of usi the at tentions of a detective, just as MIr. James Payn, in his Lost Sir Mlassingberd, makes the famous old Bow Street runner Town send swoop down upon the simple old farmer who has quito innocently taken one or two of the notes traced to him from thlese gloomy vaults. A clear conscience is a pleasant possession as one trudges thlroughl these dark avenues by the glimmer of an old-fashioned lantern. And yet a rogue might persuade himself that he is safe enough amid this amazing store. The officials give you a little printed slip from which it appears that in the course of five years the paid notes amounted to 77,745,000 in number, and that they fill 18,400 boxes, which if placed side by side would reach 2½ miles. If the notes were placed in a pile they would reach to a height of 51 miles, or if joined end to end they would from a ribbon 12,445 miles long. Their superficial extont is said to be rather less than that of Hyde Park. They weigh over 90: tons, and their original value was over .£1,750,026,000. The greatest of rogues might be inclined to find some com fort in the extent and intricacy of such a store of old paper. Of course, however, they are most systematically arranged, and any note of the seventy-seven millions may be pounced upon with the utmost celerity and precision. At the end of five years theose old notes are thrown into a furnace, specially constructed for the purpose, and burned. It is a curious fact howover, that so firm in texture is the paper of a genuine Bank of England note that burning alone can hardly destroy it. The authorities have in a little frame the remnants of a note which was in tlhe great fire of Chicago. Though completely charred and black, the paper still holdo togetheor, and the printing of the note is said to be sufficiently legible to establish its genuineness and to warrant its being cashed. Thoro are some other notes here that were cashed after having gone down with the Eurydice a few years ago, and reduced to little better than pulp. Indeed, the scraps and fragments which sometimes come into tie bank to be cashed have a really ridiculous appearance. On the occasion of a recent visit, for in stance, the officials had under oeamination a number of fragments of disooloured paper, none much bigger tIhan a sixponco, and when put togother presenting to the unskilled eye not the slightest resemblance to a note. And yet it was pretty confidently assorted that the paper would be cashed. It is boneath the dignity of the Bank of England to take, or even to appear to take advantage of accidents to their notes, and, if theoro is any possibility of establishing the identity of one of them, it is sure to be duly honoured. Even whore a note is ontirely destroyed, proper evidence of the fact of destruction will be accepted and payment made. A lost note will in some cases be paid, and there is one occasion recorded upon which the liberal. attitude of the directors in the caso of this kind involved them in a loss of A80,000. A bank director dooelared that Ie had lost a note for that amount, and, upon his giving an indemnity for the sum in the event of thie note over turning up, the monoy was paid to hinm. Many years after his death an unlinown person proesented the noto. The papor was undeniably good, and the bankl had no aloternative but to cash it, as it was payable to hearoer on demand, and as the heirs of thi baulk director who hadl lost it repudiated all liability, the money oouldl not be ?rcooverod, The collection of forged notes which have been stopped at the counters and have been accumulated in a kind of scrap-book is very interesting even to those who have no in tention of embarking in this line of enter prise. To the great fraternity of forers - said to have been entirely evolved so far as bank-notes are concerned since the year 1758-probably no volume extant wrould afford half the interest of this curious col lection. l3ut we are fairly above ground again, and somewhero nearer the point at which any methodical account of the bank's paper currency ought to have commenced. However methodically disposed may be the stranger who should thoroughly inspect the Bank of England he will probably soon relinquish all attempts at method in ar ranging his idea. It is a most bewildering place, and tihe stranger cannot on the whole do much better than give himself up to his guides and takel things as they present themselves to his notice. He will probably leave the establishment with a grand jumble of ideas, in which piles of coin and bundles of bank-notes and barrows of bullion and whirling machinery and extensive vistas of clerks will be the main details, and if in any attempt to describe what he has seen there is no little confusion, his account may fairly be accredited with the greater sraisuem. dlasce. Of course the place is not in con fusion. Order is the bankul's first law, and everything is rigidly systematic; but the impression brought away by most strangers -especially if they have penetrated into some of tile more obscure noolks and corners of the vast building-will be of the utmost bewilderment and confusion. We have not space in this article to describe the beautiful now machinery for printing bankl-notes, which has just been set up, and is now throwing off these dainty little worlks of art with a rapidity never before attained. Globe. 