INTERCOLONIAL. [ITROM Ouït OWN OOUKltSl'ONDHNTS.] NEW SOUTH WALES. Sydney, August 4. The death ia announced of the Rev. Dr. Forrest, for many years rector of St. John's Catholic Collego in connection willi tho Uni- versity of Sydney. He was educated for tho Church partly at Maynooth and partly at Rome, and after being admitted to tho priest- hood did duty in Ireland for several years before coming to the colony. Syiflïisv, Augusto. An inquest was held to-day on a man un- known, who died from injuries received by his being knocked down in Pitt-street by a horso ridden hy a telegraph messenger. A verdict of accidental death was returned. The animal meeting of the Sydney Bicycle Club took placo at the Association cricket ground on Saturday, and excited much in- terest, G000 persons being iircsent. The weather was dull, und a drizzling rain sot in towards tho close of tho afternoon. Thoro was a capital muster of bicyclists, and tho racing was excellent. The contest for the championship a distance of ton miles-produced a most ex- citing strugglo between C. W. Bennett and E. 0\. Wood, tho former eventually winning. Wood won a four-milo open handicap after another closo contest. The weather to-day was fine. It is reported that two resident« of Glen Innes were stuck up and robbed six miles from that town on Friday night last. The police have gone in pursuit, but havo obtained no cluo of the perpetrators as yet. The Hon. G. H. Reid, Minister of Educa tion, leaves for a Northern tour to- morrow evening. Tho Hon. James Servico telegraphed to tho Hon. A. Stuart, asking if ho would relieve tho Victorian Government from the difficulty in regard to tho Irish informers on board tho Pathan, by putting tho men in somo placo of safety until they could bo Bent away at tho expense of the Victorian Government to somo other country, but the hon. gentloman did not seo his way clear to do as requested. Ho aug. gested, however, that if the Hon. Mr. Servico could arrange with the three mon to go volun- tarily on board the Victorian warship Nelson, until arrangements could be made for sending thom to some other part, this colony would bear its share of tho expense of deportation. According to the information Mr. Stuart has received from Victoria, the Go- vernment found it very difficult to prevent tho men from landing, as not only the men themselves, but the captain of the steamer insisted upon their being allowed to land. Mr. Stuart has not yet decided what to do in the event of the informers coming on to Sydney. The Colonial Secretary had an interview on Saturday with tho agents of the Orient Steam Navigation Company, with reference to era ploying that company's vessels for immigration purposes. Tlie Government have telegraphed to the Agent-General to send out immigrants by some of the Orient Company's vessels, which are to ho set apart for that purpose, besides carrying cargo. They are to como via the Cape of Good Hope, and the general arrangements are similar to those observed under the existing regulations regarding im migrant sailing ships. This system is expected to give general satisfaction. The funeral obsequies of the lato Dr. Forrest took place at St. Mary's Cathedral to- day. The service was a very impressive one. John Bann, a miner at Lambton, has been killed by a fall of coal. The Hon. F. A. Wright.tMinistcrJfor Works, left Sydney to-day for Wollongong to inspect the Illawarra railway line and other public works of the district RMS Nelson has nothing of much interest to report with regni d to her late cruise. The riench gunboats Le Bruat and D'Estrees were at Havannah Harboui, Sandwich Island, New Hebrides On the 22nd luly Commodore Erskine and the ofliccis of the Nelson invited the commandcis of the Picnch vessels onboard and enteitaincd them to elinnci After re- maining at the îsl md four el lys the Nelson got underway again, iiiulciuiscd i ound the coast to Usvilla Hal bom, wheie she stayed untd the 29th Jul), suive)iug poi tics making a com- plete surve) of the h ubom Aruvcel H M Nelson, on Sunday, from the New Hebrides Sailed Bin i abool and Ly ee-Moon, steamers, for Biisbane VICTORIA Mklboukvf, August 4. A largo coffee pal ice is to bo erected at Ballaiat at a cost of £15 000 At Gordon, fifteen miles from Ballarat, on Thursday night last, some people lighted a largo bonfire, the notoiious Carey bomg burnt in clhgy The fire was lighted to cxpiess tho joy of those concerned in tho death of tho Irish infoi mer Ml i bourn* , August 5. The lush informéis who amved by the Pathan ai e still being closely w atched by tho police, and hav o not been allow eel to leavo the steamoi Kavanagh omi Hanlon aio booked for Melbourne, and Smith foi S) elnoy Tho mastor of the Pathau had an interview with Mi Service on Satin day, anil complained in stiong terms of the conduct of the police stneo they have been on boaiel tint vessel The antlionties will decide on Mond ty what steps shall bo taken, when the Pntlian kaves for Sydney Two eloteetivos fiom Syelnc) woioon board the Pathau to elaj, and tho nifoimera woie pointed out to them SOUTH AUSTRALIA Adelaide, August 4 Mr Hamilton, ex Commissioner of Police, is dead. He arrived in the colony in 1839. Mrs Hanipson, who lectured hero and in Melbourne so successfull), vins piesontcd on Thursday last with an uddicss and a purso containing 50 sovereigns by the members of the Women's Pia)ci Union, which she formed dining hei Adolnido mission She held a faie vi eil meeting last night A vi'UA liiteicsting and linpiessivc ceioinony took piuco yestei day in St Stephen's Cathedral, when the Right Rev Di Dunno administered the saci iniont of collin ni it ion to 110 young poopk, compi lsiug lol gn Is ¡mel 176 boy candi- dates Somo 10 adults also piosented them- selves foi conlu niatioii Tho congicgiition tilled evoiy available portion of the building The candidates wne stall d in tho nave of tho elim eli in tho paws neuiest to thb high ultui. Tho fi nulle candid iles with one oi two excep- tions, weio chid in wind uni woioaicdiibbon, fiom whieh hung the conuimillion medal (sonmun da ¡(min ni ilion) lliogieatei nunibei of I ho boys vvoie then medals attached to a short baud of nbbou on then left shotildci Hie ceiiinoin was coinnipucd at 12 o clock by tho celebialion of mass bv tho Rev rather Dunham, ut which ins Loidship Hie Bishop, attended by tho Rev 1) Pouhy, assisted The incidental music of llio mass wns inimitably i endued by the nieinbeis of St Stephens ebon The i>ant lui by Lninbi ettr was sung as a solo with espcci ii tnslo and cllcct Atthocon- clusion of the muss Ins loidship lctued to his sanctum y foi the pin pose of assuming his episcop ii i obos Slioi tly atti i wai ds lie again ro- tin ned to the all ni, mid, kneeling bcfoio the J abel uncle, leinaiiied mpinyoi while the choir snug the Vont. Sam le S/iti ititi Standing on the Gospel side of tho allai, his loidship then hi icily neleh essed tho ciuulidatcs in lefoiciice to tho nairne, ot the compact which they weie about to cutoi into with Almighty Cod in the îccoption of tho snciamcnt of coiifiimation 'Hu design of tho sacrament of confn mation was lo complete ami poi feet tho sanctification of Ilion souls, lccciicd in baptism, by bunging down tho Holy Ghost in a moie pnrticului manuel to rlwoll in thom, and to fortify and conlu ni thom in then futh, and to enable them flic moie ollectuiilly to lesist all tho enemies of then souls AVhen they vvcio childi en they wcio plcelgoel to tho Chinch by then sponsois to entoi into a covenant with Almighty God, anil now that they lind come to tho uso of i ciison and wei o cntei nig on the tliicshold of lespoiisiblo life, they vieic culled upon hy the Chin eli to íovivo that covenant. In tho hist place Almighty God gave them in this snciamcnt His Holy Sjmit, with all Ills gifts and gi aces, increasing tho justification of thou souls und limiting them moie pmo and holy in the eves of God It couth mod and Btieiiglhcned tliem in then holy faith, and enabled thom to confess it bcfoio the whole world, mid to fight manfully against all the enemies of then souls, so as to bear all tho ciosscs and tunis of this life with Chnstian meekness and humility, aftet the example of Jesus It lmpuntcel a saciid chaiactcr or seal on then souls, which showed that they have been confirmed, and us it vvoio enlisted in the service of Jesus Chnst to fight mulei his bannci all the days of thou life Ihcu blessed Redccraci was pleased of His infinito goodness to institute the holy saci ament of collin mation as the never failing means to communicate His Divine Spirit to Ins followers, and to enable them to arrivent that sanctity and peifcction which He required fiom them His lordship then stretched out Ins hands ovei tlioso who were about to be confirmed, and piayed for thom that the Holy Ghost might descend upon tliem with his sevenfold grace» Ho then nat cnthroncel in tho centre of the altar, and tho young girl candidates advanced in pairs and knelt at his knee, when ho anointed their fore- heads with holy chrism in the foi m of tho cross, Baying tho words-" I sign thoo with the Bign of the ciois, I confirm thoo with the chrism of salvation, m the ñamo of tho Father and of tho Son and of the Holy Chost." Immediately after confirmation his lordship gave the candidate a little blow on the cheek, intended to teach her to bear with meekness and patience all crossos, persecutions, and trials for tho sake and glory of God, saying at the name time, " Peace bo with you All the candidates having been confn mod, Dr Dunno then caine forwaid towards tho ultai i ills, and again addi essed ii few vvorels to those w horn ho hail eonlirmcel Ile saul he trusted that the Holy Spiut winch they had leceivcd in tho holy sacrament of confirmation might strengthon them to always remain faith- ful to the engagement they had entered into with Almighty God. He entreated them to turn with their whole heart to God, and endeavour to love and serve Him henceforth, and prayed that Almighty God would give thom grace to correspond with all they had received in the reception of tho sacrament of confirmation Bcfoic proceeding to adminis- ter the total abstinence pledge to tho candi- dates his lordship said it had been tho practice of tho late Bishop (Dr O'Qumn), and the prac- tice before that of the late Archbishop Polding, to administer the pledge to the young people confirmed till they were twenty five years of age However, as some persons had an objec- tion to their children being pledged to total abstinence, he would ask them to inform him within the next two days of then objection, and their children's name would not be re- gistered as having taken the pledge Tho whole of tho candidates then stood up, and raising their right hand, recited in an audible tone of voice after his lordship the following pledge " In the presence of Almighty God, the Blessed Virgin Mary and his angels and saints, I pro- mise to abstain until I am tw onty five years of ago from the use of all intoxicating dunk, and I pray God, through the intci cession of the Blessed Virgin and the whole court of Heaven, to give me grace and strength to keep this pro- mise " His lordship, ni giving thora his bles- sing said, " May God in his mercy grant you strength to keep this promise ' This con- cluded the sei vice, and the children shortly afterwaids filed out of the chin eli two by two. AIR JonA c viitiiON s land salo at his Mart This Du) embraces a variety of properties which gives a good choice to would bo inv ostors or specu- lators It comprises land with a frontage to Breakfast Creek near tho Albion not between lancourt and Kent streets nine allotments ia Ihorrold Town tho allotments loft from last Satuidaj s salo at Whiteclüfö, a valuable corner InBouudarj street with largo brick building on it, a piece at Kedron Brook, between six and sov cn acres at Oxloy, with lpng frontagei to tho Ipswich lino, four allotments in Brookes and Jcays stroots. Bowen Hills, and seven ucres on tho main Sandgatoroad, near Nundall Crook. 