Visit of Blsliop Hale. During Che poet week His Lordship Bishop Halo has been engaged iu a pastoral visit to this portion of bis diocese. As elated iu our last, lie held confirmation services ab follows ; -On Sunday, April 29, at Stanthorpc ; on Monday, April 30, at Swau Creek; aud on Tuesday, Hay 1, at Killarney. He also preached at Cauniug Downs >South and Elbow Valley, and on Thursday (Ascension Day) at Warwick. On Sunday Ilia Lordship officiated at the services at St. Mark's, assisted in the morn ing and evening by the Yen. Archdcacon Matthews and the llev. Mr. Itichards, and at the confirmation service by the Ven. Arch deacon Matthews. At the morning service the Jlev. Mr. Kichards read the praycra, and the Vcn. Archdeacon Matthews the lessons of the day and Ootmnuuion scrvice. His Lord ship the Hi*hop preached, takiug for bis text, Hebrews, chap. ix.t vorsc. 24. lie preached an excellent sermon, appropriate for the day, pointing out that the period was one of thankfulness and expectation in the Church, I for the festival of Ascension had just been ( kept aud the anniversary of Whit Sunday was at hand. He explained that tbo words of tho text referred to an event of the greatest im portance-namely, the ascension of our Lord, and dwell at great length on the fact that the Christian Church was founded on actual events which had occurred, which was different to tbo many theories and sciences aud system? set up at the present day in opposition to Christianity, These, be said, were only inventions and imaginations, 1 while the Church was founded on facts of undeniable historical record. Ln tbo afternoon the scrvice of confirmation -was held, when 21 males and 18 females were admitted into the membership of the Church and submitted themselves to the laying on of bandp. The scrvice was very impressive, and the Cburcli was crowded. As tbo candidates entered the Church the beautiful hymn 14 Ou> ward Christian Soldiers" was sung by tho choir. The prayers aud lessous were read by the Vcn. Arcbdoacon Matthews, aud before the ceremony of confirmation the Bishop ascended the pulj,it, and delivered an impressive address to the caudidatcB on the solemnity of the oc casion and the seriousness of tbo step tboy were about to take. Ho explainod tbo object of confirmation, what it was, what it was in tended to teach, and the union of Cbristiau fellowship which it established. He earnestly eutreatca them to attcud to their religious duties, and urged them not to los* any op portunity of presenting themselves at the Lord's table. He directed attention to the prayer that was offered up during the act of layiug on of bands, and asked the candidates and the congregation to unite with him in it At the conclusion of the address tbo candi dates proceeded to tbe communion rails and received the ceremony of confirmation. In the evening the Bishop again preached to a large congregation, choosing for his text, Matthew, chop, xxrar., verses Id and 20 " Go ye therefore and teach all nations, bap tising them iu the name of tho Father, and of the Sou, and of the Holy Ghost; teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded." The service was on behalf of the Melaucsian mission. In the sermon Hia Lordsbip referred to the want of teach era at this mission, to the great field for missionary work which it offered, and to the stride* al ready made by Christianity among the islands. He callcd on the congregation to aid tho mission work as much as possible, and thus assist the clergy in corryiug out the in junction contaiued in the words of the text. Tbe collection was iu aid of tbe mission. 