AOTA. POPULI. ? BY THE Fl/AHEITIt. ' Good news from homo ! The cry is still they come ! Two more pefcrjotic gentlemen have evi dently suffered so much horn fche pangs of con science that fche current of their great enterprises has turned awry, and they fchemaelfor; have con sequently turned informoro. ilexfc to being a poor relation of Bome Parkeoian politician, or a night cabman, there ia no bettor position to-day ' - for making money, and at the oarno time enjoy- ; ing fcliat oliuiii umbratilc, or ' ease in the shade, for which most of no long aa thai, oxtremely popular position of G'-overnmonfc informer. Ifc matters not though your State oiaa bo as red ao scarlet and as numerous as the sanda ox tho sea or oven Waterloo mosquitoa, all you have to do ia to inform and you are at once ranked with tho blost8 and you are pampered and cared for just as though you were a royal prince, or a ' Derby' favourite. There y/p.9 a time when the business was treated with the greatest acorn and contempt; but these were the benighted dayo when that maddest of all mad brutes, Caligula, sat on tho throne of Some. Even fchafc monster, ifc seemsa had a soul that could justly doopioe the cowardly skulking informer, for he onco declared, on fin offer of private information being „ made to him — 'I have no ears for an informer, and no true Boman can over be one.' The deeds of this man ere such as. should not even be named amongst us, and yet there's a manly ring about that one cenfcsnce that _ ? strongly and favourably contraafcs with fche ~ underhand plots and bribes which England's ' grand old man ' now holds out to some of tho greatest ' scum ' God's oun e'er shone on. ?.. On the 14-th insfc. one Mr. Gvallagher, v?ho admits that ho has been masquerading of lato as a sort of burlesquo Q-uido Fawkec, turned informer re tho Glasgow dynamite explosion and ' gave fche Government important information.' That's tho very first thing all these conscionce stricken gentry do, and the next ia to accuse the Land League of complicity in every outrage that has yet occurred. These informers know per fectly what is required by the rulero o£ the bo called greatest nation under fche oun, and they let them have the same in cartloads. A man may be taken red-handed drawing a butcher'c knife from his victim's heart, but instead o£ being ' lynched' there and then he simply gives up the butcher's name who once owned fche knifes and then the murderer receives Iug thousand pounds reward, while fche unfortunate butcher, after undergoing a farcical trial, io hauled off at an early date to dance his Highland fling on nothing. 'Tis even now as it was when Juvenal sang — ' And while with partial aim their ceusuro moves, Acquit the vultures, aud condemn the doves.' Mr. GhiUagher will now carefully 'split 'on a a dozen or ao of persons who have had tho mis fortune of his acquaintance. Part of fcheao will 'dangle,' and the rest board and lodge afc Britain's expense for the rest of their livesa while Mr. Gallagher's pocket will be bulged with ' blood money.' He will then clear for some foreign shore— perhaps our own — and who knowo but he may one day bo returned for oome back slum to Parliament, and even pose as one of hor Majesty's most loyal subjects? More un likely things than this have happened. Mr. Gallagher's little game took so well that on the ltiuh, a gentleman by the name of Mullet, whoae antecedents have been, not to put too fine a point on them, rather fishy, wao found in hie private apartments, Kilmainham gaol, rolling round and squirming about like an old toad under a f uvinor'B plough, and the authorities, thinking ho had been bursting his biojie, alec Sir 'Envy, wero about to pump him out when he sud denly exclaimed, ' Oh doctor dtirlin', it's not my titouu'.oh that aila mo afc all, it's my conscience !' Tho G-reek poet Monandor was of opinion that to cvory man his conscience v?ao a god (what an awfully little god contents our titled politicians) ; but in the cuso of Mr. Mullett it would oeom as if Jits conscience wau a dovil. Mr. Mulletfc'a was tho oum« old trouble. Ho had been recently '''run in' on the trivial charge of being ,„:(. of !h:- Ph(.of)i-: Park a^a^-ius bul; uHor :/ doing a cliovJ. spoil in the alone j ut; his conscience begun to bito him fearfully, :md worry his soul . . about at- a blaukfullov/'a dog would worry a ahiu ' ' .? ot- ..beef, ox it wvtprprQQj; Ulatpv, and uo_ lie ina-_ ' ^ filored the authorities to lot his enae his mind by j standing up nnd furthoriog the ar.cred cause eS juBfcicis. .: It is ooiBG-c/hnt luiantiotaoiory to find that (-).?? ' ft'hough fchio traitoi.' buoineoo hao boon 'oi'oValed to a Goionco, otiil thoro io c, do'dtded want of ?originality chov/n in tho v/iy all ita professors ?open out. This, hotrover, id amply atoned for by the fertility o£ iuQcgination v/bich those gontK men show \7!km they once get fairly started. Of ??all the ctiioto in thio latter department, the Hon. Jameo Oarey, G.M.G. (I suppose fchnt'n his tillo mow), must fairly 'take the cake' from nil comers. It oeonio th&t; he never know, until ho . became a, murderer, the brilliant talents which lay latent in him, Be a cool, ciove-r short-hand reporter eat down to T/c/cch and deocribe a cock fight he eould not uo it n'thii more minuteness of detail than tiro Eon, M\\\ Carey did tho Phcoak Park aaar.oBinstiono. How I can assure our readers that it io a far more terrible and un nerving thmgto standby and eca a brutal murder committed than it io 'to do the deed yourself. Alj feeling of. thought when you are committing a murder ia centred in the one point— viz., tho sue ceas of the oporation — &ad; no great is this eager aesB that it ohuto out all fear and nervous ness, and fceops you an cool aa if you r/ouo an iee-berg shirt, and wore standing up to your kneec in a big Jngnon. But the ono who stando by and oees it all, us Carey awore he did, must be too unnerved to note tho bloody deed with ouch terrible minutone-B as he described it. Hot even one who possessed the cool, delibercto powers of that incarnation of all that is fiendish — Lady Macbeth — dared look on her husband as he 'did the deed,' in fact she even invoked the darkness to her aid, and cried — ' Come thick uight, And pall tbee in the dunncEt sinokc of hell, That my keen knife seo not the wound it makes.'- Methinlsc the Hoa. James Carey ' doth protest too much,' and the vary exactness of his story stamps him in addition to his other gentlemanly attainments aG being ono of the greatest perjurer.* that has lived oince the days of Ananias. Not even a Carey could have the brute-lilto inaensi. bility to gase go coolly on ; and when I say t hat, I say all that can be oaid upon the subject, Our latest nexia from the obat of war is lliut Mr. Carey hao suddenly remombored no loso than 20 plots which w.ero formed to 'remove1,' (I thank thee, Carey, £or tho r;ord) — to remove Mr Buokehot IToroter. Thio gentleman mint indeed lead a charmed life. A cat has always held the champion belt in this line with her paultry score of nine, but nor; v/e muot say 'aa many lives aa Buckshot Foroter.' This remarkable discover} will, o£ conroe, lead to the a-rveot of 50 or 60 other ' suspects,' tho majority of whom will of course ' swiBg,' as the judges now apparently act on the opinion of the gentleman in 'Bleak House'. thai, it's 'Far better hang wrong f'lor — than n'l.f'ier,' and the balance will suddenly find their con sciences compelling them to 'give the Govern ment more important information, iigcub'o th ? Land League of complicity,' and then there'll not be gaols onough in tho throe kingdoms to hold the fresh batches of' Biiapeofcu' that, 'ill bo rounded up from day to clay. Tho end of thin will bo ihi.l \ one half of the whole population of Ireland will be hanged ttraight away, und tho other half will be placed on tho liuU of a now crowd of Goven. tnont pensioners called ' Infoririero.' Not having anyone eke to Ho about then, these in their ^ lum ?will inforai on each other, and uo their end will be 8hat of tho Kilkenny cats who fought until nothing was loft of either. Tho fertile imagination of Mr. Carey, however caunot oo tied down to murders committed on Irish soil. When all who huvo been murdered there since tho rather unsettled days of Finn Mac Cumhnill have had thoir shades appeased by the execution of their assassins, who were born a few thousand years later, Mr Caroy will strike a new diggings altogether. We will then Ipiiti that Julius Camr was m-i etabbed in the Capitol after all, but ho was carefully plugged in Sackville- Btreet, by one Martin Broothus, who was aided and abeticri by Pat Ligarryuo, Terence Eonyufi, and Capco . Casaidy (who gave the first stab), and then the lot were driven off in a j luntin' car by one Cornelius Cimbor. It v/ill also he clearly proved that tho daggers were supplied by (he Land Leaguo, and v/ero marked ' natior.al relics,' and that twenty attempts had alao boon ' made to iiHsaesiuate hid Honor Chief Justice Cicero. Mr. Mullet may then have n chip in alao and swear that, ho was onu of the mini v/ho wero hired by the Leaguo to wtub ' Lucrczin Borgia,' but an I hitl. (i/htitiguiohod liiriy hupjH'ned to wear a double-breasted, she^t-iron corset, of corset didn't) cpme oft' with the usual satisfaction, When this crowd happens to be played out, the Infor mers will hark back 'to tho days when Cain killed Abol, and th'on 12 good men and true will find a vevdft& oi wilful murder against 40 or 50 unfor tunates who were never nearer to the Euphrates bankc than Tipperary. And so the ball will keep rolling on, oo long as the British Government continuoo to offer a premium to all who publicly declaro thoiasolves to be the most deapicablo of all liars, thieves, and murderoro-. Strange to oay tho very latest ' informor'* lias turned irp in the person of Sir 'Envy Parkeo ; and yet when we romembor how an unfortunate luna tic was Coaiied. to tell his imaginary utory in order k- bo convicted out of his own mouth, it's not so strango at all. Anyway, Sir 'Envy baa tir-nH i:, former safe onough, for by his recent imbecile ' Loyality Motion' ho has flatly accused ua all of non~-allogianee to the British Throne. What would a bank manager think of his pay clerk who, after many years' ser vice of undoubted honesty, would suddenly, and without the slightest cause, indite a long rig marole to his master assuring him of his ' undi miriished attachment ' to tho bank, of his ' un feigned desire ' to continue to be as honest a3 over, and bio anxiety for the health and welfare of his beneficent employer ? Why the very first thing that banker would do would be to suspect that that pay clerk had planted £20,000 or £30,000) and wanted to assassinate him in hio bed, .and then, by means of this letter, shunt the blame on the othor clerks in the same bank. And yet if the English Premier thought fit to road this dri velling motion through (which I very much doubt) his first aot would be to either shy it into the waste paper basket a.3 the work of a lot of idiots, or else he'd proclaim martial law out here at oni r, and give us a taste of the ' curfew' also. For onco Sir 'Enry has been too clover by half, and instead of being patted on the head as the protector of Our Gracious Queon, he has simply covered him.-elf with a heap ot ridicule. Old n-luepoh, however, never throws away a sprat ? unl-eBs. wiih tho intention of thereby catching a thumping wh;ile, and therefore some say his re cent bombastic parado of his admiration of her Mii j. {sty's benefioent reign was merely a prelude !??- his application for tho billet of poor John Briwn. Afier all, however, Sir 'Enry is pretty hig print for any man of the world to read. He has clone hi-- utmost of late to raise another aectaman cry ; he even feried the ghost trick on ujjuin when he declarod ho was mobbed at the anti-Redir.oiid fizzle; but with all his moat strenuous t Hurts to climb to place once more he has failed most signally, and the defeat of hip b.inkum molLm by 48 to 25 on Tuesday hns loft him crushed us Hat as a bag of guano after the t'-atnca.'-s have crossed it. \- ^iv. '.Enry apparently forgets (or else ho treats the honorable members of the Jlouao aa if they wdrt- a lot of rnulee) that ho should be the very la-it to move such a motion. He mint remember (hut 1i is rfrtura was secured by a dodge that even a ttundwiek nionto-player would hardly wee ; that hi! holds his r-«it aa the represent ive of un electo rate that has pruettcallv disfranchised itself; in *hort, that ho is simply in that l[-use on sufferance?, and there fore I if should rn1 la'r hide hid diminished head than thrust it forlli iia the one to properly frame a motion of our allegiance to thi Throne. This all comes of kft'pirig bad company. Many a poor wretch as he blood 'nealh tho fatul beam has said the same. 'r If it hadn't been for keeping bad company I would not bo hero to-day.' Sir 'Enry is on the political gallows .now und about to bo launched into tho etornity of privuto life. If he had kept away from the compiiny of: underground engineere, 'spontaneous' bun- banquet origi n:ito'*i3, hole-and-corner aooietiep, and sardine legislators of tho Abigail, Woeoby, Leen and Mel ville stamp, he| would never have como to such an ignominious end. But yi^terday ilia word was good for 'A Queen Anno budrttoutl and enough old crockery waro to stuck Paddy V Market ; now none so poor us to do him reverence. It was a pitiful tjpoctj-.clc indeed to find our 'grand old man ' stunding up und (gravely re peating in p. speech intoiided to uphold tho maj-'sty of;'the Bi'iti-h Throin: such childish ncn senao aa A wiis'a ITarcher that ehpt at a. frog, 0 13 was a butcher that 'a'l a big dog-, or words to tho same effecl;, and then attempt ing to gull his luuivers that lie himself boliovod they were tiiu intipired producliou of a Catholic priest. Why didn't ho r-j:id poaio of liij ov/n patriotic poetry about ' dr;nv U.ie aiyord, Ilirin, and trumplo your cruol oppressors in tho duut' ? That v/oidil have otirnod him si rouiiiug cheer, and if he only drascod, a la Koberl; Bn}|Jie|,t, liitf. ou,n^ it as well, I believe every member in the House would have hoiotod him on a rail, and rode him round the room in triumph. Or, bettor otill, why didn't he remember thai; celebrated speech at Gtavan Duffy 'd banquet in 1856, when his ' undiminiohed attachment to Hor Miajooty'D throne and person' v/ati do great that he vehemently declared — - ' Although, liko their chairman, ho did not profeos to enter into the spirit oi: hio (Mr. Duffy's) public life in his native country, ho yet knew this of Irish history and Irish wrongc, that had he boon himBolf an Irishman—with hio temperament and hio principles — he believed he should have been a rebel like him (Mr. Duffy.)' And this is the British patriot of to-day, who bla'03 about ' the wise and salutary labours ' of Her tVlarjeoty's Government for improving the condition of that land for which he would, if it paid him better, bo her Majesty's most active rebel ! Bah ! Your place is not amongst our rulero now , Sir ' Enry, but there is one sphere whore your undiminiohed attachment to religion may pull you through. Joyful Johnnie, of the Salvation ' Harmy,' wants another brother to play second cornet to him, and Sinful Sally has got a ' cold id 'er doge,' and can't sing ' Glory Halleylooyur' now, so you see there are two sln,p-up vacancies to select from. And if you're not abovotuking a hint from ono who was once corner-man to what you term a ' nigger' company, I'd advise you to take Sally's place, because there's one song in tho 'Harmy's' ' repeytwar' how tho Dinner is to get to Heaven by hook or by crook, and it exactly describes the way you scrambled in for Whereat. Just give me your A on tho gridiron, and now I'll sing it for you. Do — Me — Sol — Do — ' Oh walk in through the Golden Gate, Ye sinners both short and tall, But if you can't get in at that gate, . Skin over thcriwdenwall..' (Chorus of sinners led by 'Appy Mrry.) Bi toornl ooral ooral addity . ; Ri toolooral lay. , ? My dearly berluvid, — 'Appy 'Arry will now tell you as 'ow ho hez bin an awful_einner, an' even been in Parlymint for tho last 25 years ; but now atla3t he's como to glory. The Bisters will please not to kias him 'coz it puts 'im hout, and the brethren are requeated not to ohot any heggo 'coz he's doin' his level be^t. Haloylooyur. i 