MELBOURNE GOSSIP. an [BY THu GLoOST.] June I lo9 The Victorian " silly season" is at its height. In Politically, socially, and dramatically there is "O stagnation. Men on 'Change say, too, that, col commotcially, matters ar0 not oa whit more Ot lively, and brhkers aver that miting never was tRi so dull. Perhatps it's one of those periodical wl " waves of deplression" one reads about that is tie passing over the colony, or perhaps it's the tot natural reaction supervening upon our late Irosperity, or perhaps, again, it's the weatlher. t For aught anyone knows it may ho a combina- of tion of these three causes that has developed, tl from a gossiper's poiot of view, one of the most an uneventful periods in our colonial history. of Tihe Government is beginning to feeola little tit more secure in the saddle. When first Ministers leI assumed office they could not deny any request mtade them, and deputations of all sorts and 00 conditions of men, from all sorts of .places, T obtained all sorts of lromlisos, inl regard to all co sorts of requirements. Now they have actually th plucked up courago to say "No" to the sturdy th deputottionists that besot their offices,, anl to r send recipients of expected favours empty away. tlt "Gentlemen," is now theo stereotylped answer F given by Ministers to all and sundry who HI require postotllices, or bridges, or mechanics' tl institutes, or what not, " the Estimates haveo t been prepared, and we regret extremely w' that your case cannot be dealt with until next year." How convenient that next year is I It in reality means the Greek loialends, and postpones tie evil day of ca reckoning ihdelinitely. "After us the delugu" eP is .a good Ministerial motto. Next year may cs never dawn on tloem--oflicially ; and justn gto dead men toll no tales, so do defunct Ministries cc koep no pledlges. cc Wereo it ot that from time to time somo t little scandal is wafted about otl the tI breath of rumour, the quid nutcs of 'tel. la bourne would be fairly " gravelled for T lack of matter" upon whicll to exercise their di talent. Yet the powers of invention of thoseo pests of sooiety, tie seandltnmoogers, are wonder- s0 ful. Does it young lady appear daily on the Collinatstreet " block ?" "She conimes there to meet MIr. Blank, you know, and he's a married man with four children." Doe sheo absent her. self for a short time or pay u0 visit to one of tihe t neighbouring colonies ? "It was the wisoest and I most; prudent thing she could do; saves an ci eclaundres, you know." And thus are innocent a girls' reoputationsruinoed. The latest victim of this stabbing in the dark has been a young lady, o known on the block as " Little Mils Intiqity." 0a Sieo was away for a few weeks, and all tite mtauvaise lanoltes in town wore sot wagging. Now she has returned to her old haunts, look ing as if nothing had happened. In all pro- t bahility nothing has. Wlhat may hluppen to a woman in Victoria was shown a day or two ago, during the trial ol Savillo an wife v. Gilhlooe. The plainotiff, a actor, sued tihe doctor for damages caused to his better half, by placing a lump of lunar caustic in her mouth, incidentally accuslug the medical I gentloman of having been guilty of the act for to tihe purpose of damaging the reputation of one g of tie resident surgeons at the Melbourne Itos pital. Fortunately for thlle medical profession, C the jury did not believe the story, and, by re- I turning a' verdict in the doctor's favour, exonorated him from the charge of gross meal t practice, and the still more grove one of endea- a vouring surreptitiously to blast the prop)ects a of a possible rival. lBut the evidence afforded I, the outside public a glimpse into the inner life t of the Hospital, which shows that Oxenstiern's dicllttn in relation to the small atnount of wis- I dom with which the world is governed, applies I with much force to tihe Melbourne Hospital. I1 The young." saw-bones," who occupy the posi- I tion of resident surgeons, appear to look upon a patient brought into the casualty ward as a corpus vile upon which to exercise their 'prenticeo hands. Even were a person brought into the institution suffering from the effoocts of drink, the application of the galvanic battery is a wanton piece of cruelty. But to subject a woman suffering from an epileptic fit to a series of galvanic shocks, and to repeat them becauseo she expresses her unwillingness to disclose her nme anid address, is in a way re-introducing tile tortures of the inquisition. No wonder the learned judge who tried the case stigmatised the treatment received by 'Mrs. Savillo as "im proper and brutal." Mr. and Mrs. Saville evidently sued the wrotg doctor. Bilch adverse comment has ensued on pub licity being given to the negotiations the Government have been carrying on with a view of disposing of one of the two gunboats ordered for thioe defences of the colon b by a former Ministry. People think that the lesson to one of the present incumbents of office, who abolished the Garrison Artillery, andt now sees its reestablishment, should haooe taught him th1at the people of tihe colony will not hao. the defence questien tampered with, and that if "savings" are to be effeoted, they must be malde in other directions. When Parliament meets the matter is certain to be brought under notice and the Government subjected to hostile, and in this instance. well merited criticism. AWhy we of the C.aucasian race should con tioue to look downon the IMongolian in the fona of every day facts is somewhat of a puzzle. John Chinaman, if he has not all the virtues, habus at least all the vices of civilisatlio. bhen he poossesses a wife, he teats her for all the world as if he hailed from the banks of the Shannon or the Thames, insterl of from the valley of the Yang-cte. there isn't a crime in the deoalogue he'can't vie in breaking with any European. A Chinaman has this week com moitted a murder in a fsahion that would have done credit to an European. Ite first hacked his victim about with a cleaver, then stove Itl his chest by jumping upon hint, and finally settled s the matter by cutting the ntan's threat from oer to ear. Lore and jealouts were the actuat F ing motives of the doed, and not the thirst for Smoney. Ad then llwe call these people bar. barians I The murdered man was, It is true, a " only a Chinaman." The tLedmoond Brothers are now in our mstest. 'th1ey hove come, they have seen, and they have lectured to a somewhat limited but sympathetlo audience- their sympathy taking the practical fr?m of a five shilling entrance foe-at the Hall of tho patron Saint of Ireland. If the meeting was remarkable for anything, it was so from the absence of any prominent politicians or men of note, and for the subdued eharauter of Mr. IRtdmond's oration. The M.P. for Now Ross roared far more like the doveo than the lion. In sooth, the only person who did any roaritng was ir. Longmoro, who raved in his very beat manner, quite, in fact, in the King Cambyseo vein. There has been, as diplomatists wouldsay, a rupture of amlcabls relations between the Government and the contractor for construct ing the line of railway between the two picturesquoe Gippsland townships of Mlorwell and Mlirboo. The works have come to a sudden stop, and upwards of a hundred men and their families have been thrown upon their own resources. The railway department is being urged to continue the line by day labour, and this plan being in operation on "the Kensing ton Hill job" will perhaps take this course. If they do not there will be much discontent and grumbling among those who have migrated from various parts of the colony to obtain employmoent on a Government work, and who find themselves now in a part of the country they would certainly not have " selected" as a permanent residence. Many of the men are unable to leave, owing to want of means, and where they now are there is no work to do if the railway is not made. They are, it is true, "settled on the land," but in a way they don't appreciate. Unless Mr. Gillies comes to the resouoe there is certain to be "a row in the House" when our legislators again reassemble. The Age is in luck. Mr. Patrick Hiunt, whom a jury of his countrymen agreed had been libelled by tho} journal named, has been awarded a farthing damages I Is there not some proverb the reverse of complimentary to the wisdom of those who go to law to seek redress for grievances ? The gossip of the coulissecs s of a certain young prime donna assoluto and her cisisbco. Those who imagined that this class of adjunct to Italian married lifo had gone out of vogue have lately been ocularly convinced of their error. Any evening at some one of our theatres may be seen the lady, the husband, and the "trusted friend," a blissful trinity united in a perfect elcittecordialc. Until I myself saw how well the trio got on together, I confess to being a believer in the adoge that allirms that "two's company but three's none." Now my faith in this proverbial aphorismn inconsiderably shaken. The only member of the party who does not appear perfectly at her ease is the lady. I've heard her in Italian opera sing with much sweetness and pathos, but there is little doubt that were she to be heard in the tinm-honoured song with NEgllsh opera, that inde "Gay rich, and rich gay," she would infuse into the air, "eIow happy could I be with either, were t'other dear charmer away," an amount of real feeling that would "call down the house." 