\- LbeAL' AND'^GliNJSRM NEWS.#' ■•' */ Fink Fruit.—We? have seen^a^firte^sample-'of plums grown by Mr.^William T. Harris in .lus-Poplnr Grove .Garden, situated /abofu£a^mile from!.tlie(nprlli-. ' ern pbrliori pf,'the< city1./ The varietiesislipwri ;us'were •the yellow'lilagriumbpnuin' and'the black'diamond, which for size and flavour .we do not remember,: having ever seen surpassed. They go to show to ■vi'hat perfection stone Trui't can'be brought by a i proper system of cultivation. "" The secret of Air. Harris's succcss< can be attributed to not alone the attention given'to the trees while young, but in a 'great measure to, keeping] the land iii which they ' grow hi'a high state of fertility. Besides a large number of healthy fruit trees in full bearing Mr. Harris is one of the largest producers of vegetables in the district, and always finds a ready market in Goulburn for all his productions,; at rates so remune rative as to have placed liipi in such a position that he is ranked amongst the most successful, culturists in the Southern district. I i Good Temi'i.ars'.Cqncert.^-TIic George Glad stone Lodge of Good Templars give a concert in the Mechanics' Institute Hall next Saturday evening. A good array of talent has been secured, and, in addi i tion to the musical attractions, there will be a farce played entitled " Turn Him out." There is every reason to believe that the, efforts of those gentlemen getting the 'entertainment tip will be crowned with success. ; IIk'd Trust any Irishman.—Yesterday, at the police court, a Frenchman rejoicing in the name (if not cousinship) of the great novelist Dumas, was being dealt with for larcenjj of an umbrella which was found upon him. He cqtild not give what, to the bench, appearedja satisfactory account of its disposal whilst in his possession. During a portion of the time he. said lie .had left it " Wit' a man scrapin what ye call-mutt off do street. lie was an Irishman, an I trust an Irishman anywhere. ] Dey are good fighters; dcre are' a lot of dem in ' my army; ' and dey arc good soldiers for they are all half mat, and all the Frenchmen arc .mat, so I thrust an Irishman any where." Mi'xicipai. Ki.kctioss-,—The nominations of an alderman for lhe Centre, Keith, .n>d South 'Vaids and fur two auditors will lake place to-day at lbe Council Chambers at noon. The only ward in which a contest will tal;e place is the Centre, for which Messrs. Hall and Jacob are candidates. I'Asjruhs am) Stock Pkotkctijn Acts.—A meeting was held last Friday, the 2nd instant, at theCourt-house in Goulburn, by (he Board of Direc tors for the 1/jstrict,under " Tlie Pastures and Stock Protection Acts." The undermentioned members were present, viz. :—Captain F. R. L. Rossi. J.P.; Messrs. Thomas Marsdcn, J.P.; I. Shepherd, J.P.; Frederick D. Badgery, J.P. : J. Cropper, j.P.; Walter Douglas, J.P. ; and the Inspector of Stock. Captain F. R. L. Rossi was duly elected chairman, and Frederick M. Charteris was appointed secretary pro. tem. of the Board of Directors forthe distiict of Goulburn under the. above-named Acts, when the business of the meeting closed. Inquest at the Hospital.—Yesterday, after noon, Mr. Betts (coroner), held an inquest at 'the lio'spital relating. to the .death ■ of -Thomas Edward Poyhting, aged 70, who was received into the hospital on the 171I1 January, being brought by'MK Costigan from Cooksvale Creek, 60 miles from Goulburn. He was suffering from a fractured thigh; and was in great pain. -Dr. Davidson and othpr medical gentlemen attended to him; he however,' did not rally, and died on Saturday night. The deceased had met with the accident which caused his injuries on the Monday previous ..to his admission • to- the hospital; He had ueen fencing, and a rail springing suddenly from its position, struck him and caused the, fracture'. Mr. • Cotligan, at whose place the accident occurred, gave pie unfortunate man every, attention,- and- had him conveyed" tifthe hospital, but delays in the journey helped to make J)is statp .worse. He also suffered from diarrhoea and general debility. The deceased had been in Mr, Costi Iran's employ for the last«; or 6 vears' and'liad spoken^ highly of the family's treatment "of: him. '.The matron 'having-givcn'cvidcncc- similar to the above, Dr. Davidson-certified the cause of death was injuries received by a rail falling upon him, to gether with''diarrhoGaj and general debility, which supervened. > ■ The juiy. found a,verdict jn accordance. Snake Poisoning;—Dead snakes are often care lessly handled _by. .people .who. have a-wholesome *diiead"'of tlie' live _rep_tile.;;ijrhe;fa'ct..that the venom procured from the poison-fang of a snake retains its virulence for a long time is perhaps not so widely known {says a. Qupensland.exfchangeV'as it deserves to' 'be.A' well-known gentleman, residing near.Towns ! \Tlle, l»ns lately been a sfcvere'sufferer, either from an ignorance or forgptfulness of, this fact. Mr. Riley,' manager "of Mr. Stubbley's Glencore stud farm, !was' demonstrating to some of his employees a few weeks ago the manner in which'a snake injected its poison into anj'thing it bit. He illustrated-the theory , with the aid of a recently-killed snake and! the point of the small blade of his pocket-knife.5 'His scientific ■ lecture being, concluded, he put his knife back in his E'ocket. , Some hours; afterwards,: "feeling .distressed y a tickling'sensation in his ear, he opened his knife and';used the point |of the ;smaH:;blaae to. allay' the. irntationbybcratching, J Hp uncpnsciously.penetrated tlie skin^^and inoculated hnnself^with:,the. Venom fwhich' had evidently remained in a dry, state, on hiSj iknife. j. His sufferingsTor a'time were very great, and .the comatose state.produced .by. the.snakejppisoning ^nlarm'ed^iis friends'considerably. Medical'assistance .was'iat once'; procured, and some relief afforded,' but the case proved so obstinate' itliaf Dr; 'SianichJ- df' Sydney, jvas. consulted and suitable remedies tele graphed.' .A'singular feature in the case is the; fact that by some extraordinary means the poison was communicated from one ear to the other, and both are now affected. i ' 1,1 ; Fiiogmore Gopper''Company.—Tli'e' thfrd half yearly mecting.of the, above company~,was held at' ]th'e;Hbyhl Hotel,'i Burrowav, biiyTucsaay, 30th'' ult: The chairman stated thpf in theprinted^ report, which yvafe.biifflfejtheml^they-Vbufd-see* that 'tlie inineWas in-' 'a'yeiy iiourishing.coiiditiqn. asithe sum of^X746r:i6s "was" to the credit of profit and loss account for the past l8.months,fwhich would be/about 28 percent. on; , the [.amount .of capital?at" present called Aip'f^ f Tliey i^ould'also see'by the.repprtithat!) during the^ past , six ' months^- 1507'] 5s had been paid off the purchase money, being.^oii-iosmore than the amount of calls accruing for the same period,^ jhus/educing.tlie.balance owing on'the 1 st•Tanuary'to ij^fshowmg that more than the hairof the'purch'ase money had been paid off ii^tlie short,p,e|iod;p%i8-month's and^lie' hoped'they, would'be able tto jwipej/off j this balance; within^he'next i8|mo^ths.iLThe, orejat .the ) mini* seemed'to'be almost inexhaustible, and the quality 1 eqnnl;to any formerly raised,at- the'mine.—Times'."' A*jCrfKRp^rAij. andv;HMG6at.^Tlie Bendigo Advertiser furnishes the'followingamusing story :—. " A few days ago~s6nfe"liglit'sensation was caused.at, fajrailwnyjstalio.il on«the Mount Alexander line! hot ii .great Jmany ,'miles from .either Elphinstone or'Kyne- > ton.1' 'A clergyman',^ \vell|,knovm in tljc;vicinity, was' abouCsetiding.liis 'family'an'd' a' portion of his house-, liold igoods'by rail 46 fresh fields and |ksturesi'netyV Amongst 1 the llugghger was, a; somewhat1 heavy arid unwieldy box, and the rev. gentleman obtained the assistanceiof a friend^to help jiim tOfCairy it. i.' sThey set the" bix''clown'onlhe platform for a'momentary rest, and as they did so, peculiar aiid plaintiye cries| attracted the attention of bysthiulers. : i-Th'6 sounds apparently came_from the- box,.which on being.ex hmin^cUby. ;'tlie ^QwajD>fficia)s' was' found- to( contain' a goat'with the horns sawn off,,for the purpose of 1 closer pn'cking.V. >,!rhe;,clericali'ownef;failirig 'to'provc it luggage, wearing apparel, or even a member of the family;-' the -stationmaster pertinaciouly insisted tipon •being paid the sum of 10s fo^carriage. , As the, Wbney vraCnot^foHhoomin&lpqor; Nanny was re tleased and left?iq_gtftze upoijfhlr,native lieatht" SJ? Intercolonial; duties.—Mr.; ,j. . Mirams, M.L.A., chairman .oQhi^Royal Commission on. the, ^a^0]0^iciQ.Ha,\li4PiAU^i>gilntcrviewaoni Friday! 'morning with tlieJPrcmier, the Colonial _ Treasurer, !Hn8":"the'5Minisfef^f6r'!*Piiblic"Instruction," on the ""subject- of?jtlip.^existing intercolonial,.,duties.™ Mr; Minrnis informed-tiief members? of.'the.'Government ' E resent, that He' was in Sydney simply >ns a vjsitor, ^ utjfiejbre returning.to Melbourne'lie was' desirous!of ^ascprtaining hpwTar^anj attempt to place tho il trade relation*^ of Uie'^yp*cq]pnies«onf aimore.vsatisfactory: basis'' would' be" supported. ••• The matter' had' been ,repeatedly' !brouglit under the notice off the Tariff! [Comrhissidnduring its investigations intVicTonaJ arid; |he tliqught that',1 before con'cludinfc.itsJatio'urs,' some' jStepg should be taken to deal with the difficulties. ;sti,rrounding the question in a']iracticalt maimerr 1 A? fnumbenof cases were quoted .in .which an assimilation' :'ofTariiirs.mijgh't'be-mndeAvithoMtJntcrferfng!^rith-itlie. recognised, policy of either colony/'liut jit/Wvasl'seeii tliat the subject'was oneithat^wouidiinvdlye longjjind careful consideration on the part of-;the (governments ofihe colonies that might happen;to'be ih|ijowef at the} time -.when " it was decided to deal \vitlit it. Aftbr a 'general, conversation on .the matterif;Mr. • Mirams thanked the Ministers,for thpifcourtesyijKyith; which-they had received him^and' the, intcryie^v: i Slate QuARRY^A2^y• lis now; inrpi'occs^ 'of development'? St^a .s'jjot'about 1 throe miles; distant; froii^ GundSgtii' (shysjthe Alburj' •Banner), where a iquirty.1 of: excellent- slate has been 'opened up, "which'bids, liiir to command a.ready, sale, "throughout Riveriiia.' The slate splits readily dowii to the thickness of the twenty-fourth part of.an.incli. The - cleavage is regular,' aiid: the slates for' rcjofihg1 purposes are pronounced by'competent'authorities as m every respect equal to tlie imported article.^ The face of the quarry is close cm 1000 fcet,1iigli, jrpoSeet of which consists of, first-class workable stone1; -So readily can the material!be procured'antl'prepared for use that the owners ;of th'c;prpp'prtyrnriticipate: being able to sell the slates at a price which for roofing will not.exceed the cost pf-galvanized.iron j •and, haying regard to:_tlie...immehse[.superiority in many respects of slate over iron for this purpose,. there can be no. doubt th'ahthe.new .material will speedily come: into generalise. • It'canVhowcver, be also turned to account,for the production of baths, mantelpieces, and all the other purposes for which slate, is ordinarily used. and the difference in the Cost' •of carriage1 should'enable the proprietors to shut im ported .goods,of .the. kind completely out of. the market. The owners of the quarry, we understand," are Messrs. Poole,. Elphinstone. and Wilson. Shocking Fatal Accident at Hoskingtown. —Last Tuesday, evening a terrible nccident 'occurred near I-Iosldngtown, by which nil aged woman, an old and respected resident of that neighbourhood met her death', her husband nt the same time, narrowly escap ing a similarfate.. On the morning of that clay Air. and Mrs. John Crohan, senior, an aged settler- and his wife, left their home some short distance beyond Hoskingtown,' to proceed to Bungendore, to attend the confirmation service conducted by the Archbishop. On their return they had reached within n mile or so •of their home, when in the darkness of the night the i vehicle they were driving ran over a ldg or "stump, ! capsized, threw out the occupants, killed the old lady on the spot, and severely disabled the old .gentleman. Qucnnhcynn Age. The Batliurst municipal elections are causing much excitement. Drs. Machnttic and Spencer, Messrs. Dan Mayne, Tohn ltoyd, Simmons, Gallagher, and Haynes (the bellman) are candidates. The nomina-1 tion takes place to-day. A Victim or CrtiurtftA.—The old man, Thomas Tones, who was oil Kriaay admitted to the Gunlb.iio hospital suffering fif/in cholera succumbed lo its effects and died next morning at'five o'clock. Dr. Harding certified that the primary cause of death was cholera, and the secondary one exhaustion. The old man stated that he had suffered a 'ureal deal from diarrhoea of late. Tlie deceased's funeral took place on Saturday afternoon. Register Deaths.—A warning lo persons, re garding the registration of deaths occurring in their families, may not be out of place. Yesterday, at the police-court, two Goulbum ladies were fined the mini mum fine (thanks to the bench) for having neglected to register deaths of their children within 30 days after the occurrences. It was explained by both defendants that they understood the undertaker would see lo the matter for them ; and particularly in the case of one, it was evident that the omission was entirely through that cause. The lady was a widow whose husband died some months befpre the infant, and his death was registered (she said) by the undertaker ; conse queutly, when the child died, she- fully believed tliat similar attention would be paid. It was not, however; and hence the consequence. The fine for such neglect is a heavy one ; and as the law must be carried out, persons should see to registrations of all deaths occurring amongst those ponnectcd with them ; they should not leave those matters to an: un certainty. 1 this mongoose and jhe jvuibu;.—a ww >« ago the island of Jamaica was troubled with a plague of rats, , So vast \veretthe numbers of these destruc | live rodents that the growth of many valuable crops was1 seriously interfered with. Fox-terriers, ferrets, mid other animals destructive to rats, were introducpd,; but failed to arrest thejplague, but in 1872 Mr. B.' Espent imported nine mongooses direct from India. In a few months they bred freely/and jbeing^djstri-. buted over the island, in the short space of two1'years liad;extjrpated the ratsl The beneficial effect o( their ""introduction has been estimated at from £ 100,000v to ^"150,000 a year. Tile mongooses not only destroyed ; rats, but vast numbers cj snakes, toads, and land crabs.' They have been since introduced jwifh advantage, ipto Cuba,! Barbadoes, and torto Rico. MrAV'. Bancroft Espent read a paper on the history of the acclimatis ation and utilisation ofjthe mongoose in- Jamaica'at'a. recent meeting of the Zoological Society of Londo.n, and threw out the suggestion that a trial oCits services in Australia as ^ destroyer of the rabbit might'be found to: be1 advantageous. ^ V.1 L'usus' KTatur^^—J ai extraordinary case!, of ft", cundity on the part of a mare, owned by , Mr. J Struthefs, occurred in tie town (says, fhe j St. 'Arnaud ; Mercury) on Sunday , afternoon ldst.* 'While in the" stable on the day name 1 the aijitpal gave tprematuic. foalsf all'perfectly' fbrihed birth7 to.no less than th • • arid, distinct from each ather^^he occurrence oj^twin foals is, we believe, not uncommon, but the freak of nature above alluded tb is, to say the least, plieno-' menal., ■;/. ,y| ; v'TWasIthe jCat.—It was early morning, and he' was1 seeking " surcease bf that sorrqw" whjeh. follpws a'particularly wet nightjby 'taking k " Jiair'of'the dog that' liit him." A bottle* of cliampngnfkwas'on the counter of thefHoteJ„Regalis. He was very shaky, and' he thoiight- the seconds consumed by the bar , keeper in cutting the wares and loosening the strings were positive hours, pfe felt, he .said, as if lie had a beehive lih!his Heatf; hlihiej-laln1 ih; his'throat^ hij'd tlie'( furnpee ,of^ a< copper^smelfing' plant'-' in j'liis1 ititeridiy He turned his back for k'niinillej'took'his1 eye''off'the' bottles,and, the^waiter,. rtnd a \ypg near picked up one. of the ugliest-little cat's thfe^vorld ever%aw'aiid pladed' it .on the,.counter besidje the 'glasses'and''the bottle.' .:-That' cat,1 coiifd pack everything ever shown at an ' exhibition of monstrosities. Its hair rose on end. Its head ,was.-as jbig ,as{ a budding balloon, and its eyes,'seeniedfi charged'with the electric light ofi'ii Swan-Edison dynamo. {When thc-rshaky one turned ..round and saw the cat sofclosdta the sparkling nectar ..that..was^to„raise»his perves'-'lcl concertpitch^hov started. He turned alternately every colour of the ..rainbow... Jle threw himself into,} the aUHudcyMac-: ^belli/assumes when looking about'for 'that'dagger, I'and lie roared rather than a cat—js-it. "a rcal'cairis it,;I pray yoVteu me, a cat, or have I got them again ?" A little explanation sufficed t'o prove to him that it was la cat not the D. 3^ 5. ^ <-J"; . Ghost ManifestatiJons;—A very .circumstantial ghost story-is "disturbing tlie mind of. New York. fThejeditor of tbesNbfg York World vouches for the igbodf;faith of 'hiS;!nfoi^i&nt;—a professional man of 'highireputc. IThe'-housejin which (lie manifestations occur is a new one, and is let out in flats. They_fol-< lowing are a few1' occurrences as t(^d.l>y.QD eye-witness who went sceptical, but s6on found;thaVsomeihin'g more than ordinary was up. ''First of alb*the(&.wa6' much knocking at the (front door. It was watched, iopeh'ahd closed/before-and behinc^.but the.knocking still came',valways in four stVokes; sounding like hliws struck with billets, of wood. Then came bell-ringings , iiV itll.''parts' p^thc' house.' -dippings :wcr;ei heard jom Uhe,glass'1 of thtfwiiidbws i' the coats of the boarders 'fell 'doVn'from the hat-rackJ^'flfch-Yalling a'yafd 'apart? ' The,plush .cover of a round table standing in the hall ; gracefully.floated,oil to theafloor. IA>: clothes-prop' was hurled .over 'the top of a tportifere jiithci walking-' sticks standing in the ball jvere',.fiunfc up in different' \- directions, "arid'<beftire' the scared residents had re covered,' a leaf from an oak dining-table was hurled 'through the hall for 20 feet, striking the wall; arid coming to the t*round with a fearful crash. Another tablei-took!;aperies of. somersaults. Such violent goings-on had such a. bad.elTect* tipon •,§ome'fofi'the; family that they began to thinkliof retiring,'hVheh fa' frightful shriek echoed throughout the yholc'dwellihg^ piercing, (f an'd evidently [coming from 110' human throat, >followed by "softiinsirm^iiig'iuyhtetlcs^^ lnf the evening "it" tried a few noteslitf'arp'e'ggifi.f nndi .wrifc ■ successful,in keetoing •tiniemnd-,'tune"with *the~ piano" iTheMone of'the vjhistle was sqmetirnesjthat. .pljttfjgig-lipjj.j^tiJjBtlistJtlmes like the " blowing.in, the iiecK of a bottle."' All this is said*to be-a "'plajiv truthfuUstalcmentofi facts,^sTiBslantiafed' 'fey five witnesses.i:'Beyies^'6f<3 policemen have searched -in vain, 'i and'; a ^curious} English dctcctivejlinSj/;been jibaffled."? ;; s' T) r")J !• j $• >Thk Rev.)! Father SlAt^er^,^ On ' XloWday' Inext (says therTejridra Herald^tHe pas^V^oiT'Sf/Ea-; trick's churcli', th'e Kcv, Father 'BJatfery,!1 Hvill1"' tnlt'er his^de]jarture from^Teftiora !«• rout* (o the old .coyn-, ttyf leawng'SydneJ ,'for Arpencri' by'tlie' City'or Syd ney," sailing on&jnH;^Febri^aiy'.'1'' Tim'rcVorc'nd' . tlen:im will leave Temora with the wcll-\y(ishes of the •peojble—Pro'tcSlant andtGafliplici-hfid'maiiy deep ex-' pressions'df soirow ar<s evince*d':at.JFatlicr' Slatiery's -departure from a plate witli which' h'e'has1 hb'en'itlcni' tided since its infancy. It it, we understand, Father Slavery's intentiotf-to makf ,a.rsta)« of'"ab6ii't?-iwei /months in the land of " Stars and Stripes,.}'! and leave' /■for tlie Emerald-Isle in Junc^ reaching,',hoone;(in/the '"middle of summer.; Before !caving- jTcmoraithci.<!on»T gregntion of St. Patrick's will, we understand, present Father Slattery with n substantial recognition of'tlieir, .esteem,' and a Souvenir of the pleasant" reiolfedtion .connected-with his pastorate. In future Temora will' ,'fpriiipart of the Cootajmindra: parish,', presided over' 'byjhe Rev. Father Butler, .assisted by two' ■ priests}-' who will reside alternately in Temora and Cootamun . dra, staying three weeks in each place. We forgot to mention that Father Slattery will have, .as his com nngno riu votirrar, the Rev; Father-Gallagher, Pre sident of the College, Goulburn. A public meeting was held at St. Patrick's R. C. Church, on Saturday afternoon—Mr. P. Hcflernan, in. the chair— when a .valedictory address and a purse containing 175 sover eigns were presented to the Rev.-Father Slattery.' '.The recipient read a very j affectionate address jn reply. _ j •<" . 'RESERVES FROM HALE | FOK ruiii.n; xviiuki!. ATION.—County of Murray, parish of Gundaroo, -portion. No. 18,,.area about 40 acres. - The Crown Lands-within the following boundaries: Commencing ,on the eastern side of the1 road from Collector to Quennbeyan, at the nflrth-west coraer of portion No, 19; thence bounded on the south by the'north boundary of that portion bearing east 22 chains 78 links to its north-east corner! thcnce on the east by !.a)line; bearing north 9 chains) 28 links ; thenoc on the north-east by a line bearing Jiorth 45 degrees west 13 chains 72 links; thence on the north ,by a line bearing west 14 chains 30 links to j the aforesaid road ; and thence on the west by the eastern side of that road southerly, to the point of commencement. County of Murray, parish of Wamboin, being portion No. 22, area about 50 acres. The Crown Lavids within the following boundaries : Commencing on the north boundary of portion No. 18,sat the sotith-cast corner of portion No. 22; thenccj bounded on the east by the east boundary of that latter portion bearing north to its north-cast corncr; thqnco on the north by the north boundary of the same1 portion bearing west to its norlh-west corncr; thencq oil the west by'its west boundary bearing south tola point east from the south-east comer pf portitin No. 120, parish of By wong; thcnce on the south- west .by a line bearing south-easterly to the nbrthjwest corner of portion No. 18 aforesaid; and thence, by part of tlu> north boundary of that portion btaring east, to th<5 point of commencement. A petition has been sent from Rungendore recom mending the appointment of Mr. Charles Cropper to the vacancy occgjioncd by the death of Mr< Commis sioner King* 