FESTIVALS FOR THE DEAD. CURIOUS AND ANCIENT CUnSTOu or ALL SoULS' DAY Is VENICE. The Italians keep their Lemuria, or festival for the dead, not in May as their Roman ancestors did, but in November. The 2nd of November, All Souls' Day, and its octave are more generally observed than any other of the minor holy days in the Roman calen. dar. No festival could so unite all classes of people as this, on which each family pays the tribute of memory to his lost ones, anl acknowledges the power of that great demo. crat-Death. Every day throughout the octave the churches of Venice have a mass said for the souls of those who are gone, and implore for them the intercession of All Saints, whose festival comes immediately before the day of the dead. In the evenin: anotherserviceis held, a little after sundown. There is a sermon, and then begins the light. ing of candles all through the church, before each altar and around the catafalque in the center. Outside, over the main door of the church, is a large blackboard, and, in white letters, an invitation to all good Christians to pray for the souls of the departed. Round this table hangs a wreath of laurel leaves twined on a black and white ribbon. Each other door of the church has a similar garland above it. The snn is setting in a cold and cloudless sky, serene and almost hard. In the zenith the color is deep blue, but toward the west a thin film of gold is spread where thesun is sinking. Thewind comes line ain searching, as it so often does on al autumn sunset. The broad and rippled waters of the Giudecca Canal seem as hard as the sky they relect. Inside the church, through the iron door where the women troop, pulling their shawls'up over their heads as they enter, all is dark ond gloomy, every column, pilaster, and architrave draped in black cloth with silver fringes. and wreaths of laurel are twined round each pillar's base. The hieh altar is hidden by a towering cenotaph, raisi in the middle of the nave; against its black. ness the thin white stripes of the tapers that surround it stand out clear. The people, chiefly women and boys, scuffle and whip.r subduedly as they kneel in rows. The hlaik. walled black-roofed church seems to incloe and compress them as if in some vast ar.l lugubrious tomb, and their mutterings soon i like the gibboring of ghosts. The sermon begins; a voice alone, full of infection. passion, forcible cadences, speaking oat nf the darkness. Though the preacher is ic. visible, the mind unconsciously and perforc pictures the action that must accompany th;I strong Italian rhetoric. On All Souls' Day it is the custom to vi,:: the graves of relations and friends in tbh grim cemetery of San Michele. who., hicz brick walls you pass on the way t, lMuntn. or Torcello. The church itAelf is a loi-. specimen of Lommardi work, with dWi.:,r bas.reliefs in Istrian stone upon th.- I::: pentagonal Cappella Emiliana. adljminin. i 1ut there is something terrible and ;n.-. itself, where the dead lie hbriel in th- : of the lagoon island. On this day thi. \'1.n. tians carry wreaths to lay on th.'e zrav The wealthier have garlands maie ,t r-' i flowers, but, for the most part, thelr wriat!i are entwined out of Venetian lhtads ri r,: blue. Madonna's colors, for the wornm::. black and white for the men, who hi- : universal patrons in the heavens. Thi.- one old custom connected with this ff-ti.; of the dead which still surriveR in \'n. . and recals a Latin or even an e.rlhr ,'r. stition. The pious man in Ovil'a " Fu:; rises at midnight to flng back bean . Ih:ri his shoulder. Nine times he flune ha- .r. and then the ghost was laid. iThe \'-r.t does not fling away his beans ; he eats thr In Venice thes cuRtam of eating branT t1'a!ns : the octave of All Souls' is extremely anc: :. The monks of every cloister in the city u i. to make a gratuitous distribution of h-.an. All Souls' day to any of the poor in '"e to come for them. A huge caliron ae placed in the middle of the courtya-l :i the food ladled out to the crowd. Tno r' doliers did nof come with the re.t, bhi: .i their portion sent down to them a.t t:,. ferries. Thi, grace was granted them : consideration f the fact that all the .-r round they rowed the brothers acrtn :e canals for nothing. Indeed they still ,hi : I and you may often see a brown-cowln.l fri: crossing a ferry with no other paymec: tht a pinch of snuff or a benediction. As :t Venetians grew more wealthy, true h1ir became distasteful to the palates nof T. Sluxurious, who were yet unwilling t. hbr., through the custom of eating them on A.: .a ouls' Day. The pastry cooks isa th' opportunity, and invented a small roun I pr. of pastry, colored blue, or red. or le'lo and hollow inside; these they callel " f!r I or beans, and you may see them at the t. of the year in all of the bakers' win-lnos a man should happen to be courting it ,r season, it is customary for him to mak- & present of a boxful of these " fare' to -.. lady.-Pll .al GUaztte. 