How Tom Cliftfieris Spent One Christmas. By ESSEM. "When I first "became acquainted "with Tom Charteria he was a subaltern in the 16th Lancers, and I suppose you will admit he could not have been in a faster corps, or one the members of which better understood the art and mystery of spend ing, or rather throwing away, money. Thanks to a long nursing of his property during his minority—for his father died when Tom was a yearling—he was pos sessed of an income of about £8,000 a year; but the pace he went Boon reduced it. A ciopper over the Flying Dutchman's Derby of 1849, and a run of bad luck all through the season up to the second October meeting at Newmarket of the same year, followed by injudicious invest ments on the Steeples, landed Tom amongst the Philistines ; and having once got into the books of George Samuel Ford, the aristocratic money-lender of the day—'Ford the Finisher' as he was fami liarly called, the man who felt inclined to cut his throat when his filly Poison won the Oaks and hehad ' laid' her—once in his books and it was not at all likely he would ever get out of them with an acre left to call his own. The only man I ever knew perform that miracle was Mostyn Lloyd Mostyn, sometime partner with the late Viscount Clifden, when they plunged for poor Lord George Bentinck's stud, at the time he finally gave up the turf for the senate, and the Duke his father paid hi3 debts for the goodness-knows-how- manyth time. It was not the turf alone, however, which led to Tom's ruin. The board of green cloth in Bennett and Jermyn streets had a good deal to do with it, and so had a snug little box in the Avenue-road, St. John's Wood, and a house in Wilton place, Knightsbridge, with dark-green broughams and pony phaetons, as well as carte blanche at Storr and Mortimer's. Anyway, two yeara in the 16th were enough to induce the swell lancer to exchange into the line—a change which did not suit Tom's fancy at all; for al though the mess consisted of a lot of ex ceptionally gentlemanly fellows, yet they were not of the same set to which he had been accustomed. The pace, however, which they went, although not so rapid as the Lancers', was quite fast enough to ex haust the nearly vacuous purse of poor Tom. The Crimean war opportunely intervened, and his regiment was ordered to the East. During that memorable and miserable campaign Tom managed to keep his head above water pretty well, and through his pluck and dash succeeded in being mentioned more than once in general orders, besides gaining a cap taincy. Careless and lighthearted as he usually was, one incident hurt him deeply, and that was when sitting on his pony he saw his old regiment go down to the valley of death on jaded chargers—scarcely fit to carry their own bones, let alone their riders—to take part in Nolan's mistake, the ever famous Balaklava charge ; and when he saw the remnant of them emerge from the carnage—beaten, but not cowed —that was the moment when Tom Char teris most keenly felt the loss of his for tune which had compelled him to leave the splendid regiment to which hehad formerly belonged. ' Yes, by Jove', he said to himself, 'money is some good, after all. I might have been in that if I had not fooled mine away.' After the completion of the campaign Tom returned to England with his regi ment, and very soon after his money troubles beganagain. Tradesmen and Jew money-lenders became more and more im portunate, and Charteris saw that there was only, one - thing to. be done, and that was to sell out, call a meeting of his credi tors, and divide the remnant of his for tune amongst them. True, his mother, who had saved money from her liberal jointure, wished to pay his debts; but, un like many of his congeners, he did not care about sponging on his mother, and turned a deaf-ear to all her persuasions in that respect, and carried out his original intention of retiring from the army and cutting his way to prosperity with some weapon other than the sword. It wainot likely that a fellow of Tom Charteris's temperament should altogether escape the wiles of woman; and, truth to tell, he had fallen desperately in love, as he thought, with Minnie Westbrook, second daughter ; of Lord. Marlyn, and she had done the same foolish thing, as she also thought, j with Tom; but then, you see, Tom Char- j teris was worth £8,000 a year with a deuced nice place in Berkshire. "When, j however, Tom went to everlasting smash i Miss "Westbrook'S passion cooled to j frigidity, and" the object of it soon be- j came aware of the unwonted coolness. He I did not mourn very deeply, nor did he become heart-broken. His self-esteem ] was certainly somewhat wounded, and I being naturally of a true and loyal sort he was a good deal cut up for a time at the girl's heartlessness and defection. He. was too proud, however, to allow his real feelings to be seen, and wore the 'iron mask of courtesy' bravely. The lovers parted without apparent emo tion, but were was a lump in each of their throats as their hands met for the last time. Oh J* dear reader, it is so always. We cannot love, even ever so little, without feeling the light fall of that love's ashes on our hearts. Who of us who have grown old is there who cannot remember the brief pangs accompanying the severance from some one we were learning to love? I remember one, amongst many flirtations, which haunts me like a dream—a flirtation of only one night. I recollect every particular of it, whilst those of hundreds of others are blotted from my memory. I remember every petty detail of the costume worn by the girl I saw that night, and danced with repeatedly, never to see again. I recollect the parting, as I shook hands with her— she sitting in her mother's carriage, I standing on the pavement—how that parting pressure was returned; how I caught the bouquet of yellow roses and violets she dropped for me (I had pressed her for one flower before); how I saw the glimmer of a tear in each soft brown eye as the carriage drove away, taking that which might have saved me from a life of misery and despair for ever from my sight; how, left standing on the pathway alone, I noticed the first rosy hue of dawn serving as a background to the departing vehicle, and how I was recalled to myself by the next carriage driving up and the necessity for getting my hat and coat before departing too. How I treasured those poor flowers for years would make the prosaic smile. That sweet face is ever present with me when my mind wanders back to old times, even now in my old age. In many a terrible scene and momentary danger the memory of that night has shot like lightning into my mind—in battle, in shipwreck, and in worse the memory of those few brief hours spent with her has strangely touched my now withered heart. Did she ever think of me ? Do not let me doubt it; let me believe, as I have ever done, that cruel fate separated two hearts which should have beat in unison. But this is a most unwarrantable digression. Tom Charteris having once made up his mind to make the plunge, very soon made it. HiB commission was sold, his creditors met at the office of the family solicitor, who, unknown to Tom, paid them in full with money supplied by Mrs. Charteris, and the ex-soldier found himself posi tively penniless. He was not without plenty of friends, however, though poor, strange to say. His uncles came forward and offered him assistance with both money and their interest, but Tom Char teris had taken it into his head that he could not live amongst the old set when in such different circumstances, and here solved to try the colonies, fixing upon Australia as his habitat. His mother, who was still a compara tmlj jpimg woman; jjaving married very. young, and his sisters, "both married and single, did their bfest to dissuade him from what they looked upon as quixotic j hut ' Tom : wak immovable; "I'll make my fortune in a couple of years, mother, mind,'\ said he, "and then I'll return and buy the old place back, and lay my bones in the proper place when the time comes." Those were the days when Australia was looked upon as El Dorado, and the imagination of emigrants conjured up visions of untold wealth, of gold by the ton, and golden ingots by the yard. And so it was finally settled that Tom Char teris should proceed to Sydney, from whence he could set out to seek the rapid fortune he intended to make. His mother had always kept a snug room, half bedroom half sitting-room, sacred to Tom, and in this he passed many of his last days in England, care fully oiling his guns and laying up his treasures in the shape of cricket bats, fishing-rods, foils, &c.;, in lavender, ready for use when he should return. Ah, when ? And so the eve of his departure arrived, and there was a great gathering of the Charteris family at his mother's. Everybody tried to be cheerful, more especially Tom, but the wistful look in his mother's face made cheerfulness some what difficult. Ear into the night Tom and his mother sat, after the guests had departed, and indeed they might as well have sat up all night for all the sleep either of them had. The last morning dawned-— all too soon for Mrs. Charteris—the last farewells were spoken, and Tom Charteris, the pet of the 16th Lancers and one of the best fellows of his day, started on his journey in search of independence. He had consented to accept as a loan from his mother the funds to provide an outfit and pay his passage, as well as £500. so that when he arrived in Sydney, after a quick but uneventful voyage, he was not altogether without funds. Having several letters of introduction, amongst which was one to the Governor, he soon found himself, to his astonishment, running the gauntlet in a world of gaiety such as he never anticipated to see at the antipodes, waltzing and polkaingtothesamewaltz and polka tunes he thought he had left behind, and otherwise enjoying himself in a most unexpected and pleasant manner. Living: in the agreeable present, he forgot the undefined future, until he was abruptly reminded of it by a bank clerk politely telling him one day when he went to cash a cheque for a ' pony' that he only had £20 remaining to his credit. This was somewhat of a damper, for he wa3 engaged to several balls and dinners, and did not J feel half inclined to forego those gaieties ; but stern fate ordered otherwise, and Tom at once made up his mind to start for the diggings. Fortunately he owed veiy little, and by the judicious sale of some of hi3 jewellery he found himself with about a hundred pounds in his pocket, ready for a start. Writing excuses to the people to whom he was engaged, he took the first boat to Melbourne, and from thence went to Ballarat. Here he met with the varying success of the gold-digger, for dig he did in earnest, in spite of blisters and aching arms. " Tom the. swell," as he was called, became a general favorite, and found no difficulty in getting mates wherever he was. From Ballarat he went to the Ararat goldfield, then to Castle maine, then Bendigo, Forest Creek, Dunolly, and ever so many more dig gings, but the two years slipped away and the ' fortune' was as far off as ever, if not farther. The last field he tried was the Lambing Flat, in New South Wales, where he; eventually became a "stone broker," and from whence he started " on the wal laby," with his swag upon his back and very little in his stomach. Station after station did Tom Charteris try for work, but his appearance was against him—he couldn't hide his " swell" attributes, albeit he did not try, not know ing how they militated against his suc cess. In spite of moleskin trousers and Scotch twill shirt he always looked a gen-; tleman, and the general opinion amongst the squatters of those days was that broken-down swells were useless, and they refused to employ them accordingly. That idea is exploded nowadays, I believe, and it is pretty generally understood that a gentleman can work as well as a man brought up to labor if he is obliged to do so. Mile after mile Tom travelled, groaning inwardly at the absolute necessity of ac cepting the unwillingly granted hospitality of the squatter princes, and devotedly hop ing as he approached each homestead that his luck would turn at last. The shearing season was approaching, and as the ' sun downers' gradually decreased in numbers his spirits rose accordingly. Surely, he thought, I'll get a job soon now. He had travelled some twelve or thirteen hun dred miles in and out, up and down, when one afternoon he found himself ap proaching a station in the western district of Yictoria. The overseer was standing at the door of his hut as Tom approached. ' Can you give me a job, sir V said he. The overseer, who was a Scotchman, and a Highlander to boot, eyed him closely and said, 'Have you come far to-day; it's a long way off sundown yet ?' 'I've come about twenty-five miles, I reckon.' ' Then you've passed two stations,' said the overseer dubiously. ' I have,' said Tom. ' "What can you do V 'I can work.' 'Accustomedto sheep f ' No sir, but I'm willing to learn.' ' All right, I'll try youj fifteen shillings a week and your tucker. You look tired; go down to the men's hut and tell the cook to give you a feed. Got any tobacco ? No. Well, come over to the store—I'll give you some on account. I suppose you smoke ? Yes. Come along then—you aon't look as if you would bolt and do me out of it.' And so at last Tom Charteris got work, but it did not promise very much in the way of a fortune. He was thankful, how ever, for small mercies, and worked with a will, so much so that the overseer told him he would give him a pound a week. Shearing came on and was completed. All the extra hands who had been employed were discharged with the exception of Tom CharteriB, whom the overseer, Mr. McDonald, told he could stay on if he liked. Of course he did like, for he saw no immediate prospect of making that rapid fortune. During the time he had been away Tom had written pretty frequently to his mother, and had made his letters as cheerful and hopeful as he conscien tiously could; but for all that they gave her many a heartache, a fact which was plainly apparent to her son when he read her replies, in every one of which she be sought him to return home. Too proud and self-reliant, however, he temporised, and promised at some early future to comply with her wishes. In the mean time he attended to the daily routine of the Btation work with never- flagging in dustry—now bullock-driving, for he soon became an expert 'bull- puncher,' now post and rail or brush fencing, then boundary-riding, he became a well trusted employ**, and before another year was over was promoted to the position of storekeeper and ration-carrier to the out lying huts. The station, which was a large one, be longed to a widow lady named Maxwell, who had one child, an only daughter, who at this time was about nineteen. The Maxwells were from good stock, the late husband of Mrs. Maxwell having been the younger son of a Scotch baronet, and his widow the. daughter of a Gloucester shire squire. Edith Maxwell was a native-born Australian, and a very lovely specimen of the species. Bronze brown hair, brown eyes, straight nose, delicious lips, and a figure to dement the gods, a perfect horsewoman, and what is more rare perhaps, a perfect pedestrian. Many a time did Tom Charteris find himanff thinking top HUfth of thifi hiwfe hpanty, and just as often did he crush hack the thoughts with a muttered 'bosh' and a vigorous puffing of .his black clay pipe. Of course" he himself did not, escape; discussion in the house, and many con jectures were made aB to.whether, his name was really Ch'arteris. It was decided by the ladies that there was no doubt about his being' or' having been a gentle man. 'Committed some folly, perhaps crime,' the elder lady said. ' Not crime, I am sure, mamma,' said the younger; ' he looks as if he had spent a heap of money, and i3 ashamed of it. Don't you notice how he always tries to get out of the way whenever we approach.' 'Yes, my dear; and I can well under stand, if he has really been in a good position, how galling his present state must be to him. I knew some people named Charteris, when I was a girl ; they had a place in Berkshire. I wonder if he is any relation.' A few days after this conversation a packet of letters arrived for Tom Charteris, which had, as usual, been re directed at the Sydney post-office, and with the curiosity inherent in woman Edith Maxwell closely examined them before sending them out to the overseer with others to be given to the men. * Oh 1 mamma,' exclaimed she, ' three of the lettersfor Charteris bear the Reading postmark. Isn't Reading in Berkshire ? Was it near there that the people you knew lived?' ' Yes, my dear, about five miles from Reading. What a ladylike handwriting; his mother's, I suppose. Poor thing, how she must feel his being in such a position. ( ' Why, you don't really suppose that he would tell his mother he has been bullock driving, mamma,' said the younger lady, from which remark it may be safely con cluded that she had a very high opinion of the storekeeper. A few minutes later Edith Maxwell sauntered out of the house with the packet of letters in her hand, but instead of as usual giving them to the cook to carry to the overseer, she walked over to the store, whither she had just seen from the window Tom Charteris wending his way. 'Here are some letters for you, Mr. Charteris.' 'Thanks, miss,' said Tom, blushing like a schoolgirl, which was an accomplishment he did not learn in the 16th Lancers. ' You have Mends in Berkshire, I pre sume, Mr. Charteris. I noticed the post mark " Reading" accidentally.' ' Yes, miss; I was born there.' ' Oh, indeed! mamma knew some people bearing your name, years ago, in Berk shire.' 'Yes, miss.' The conversation here came to a dead lock, as Tom dived into the flour-bin, and the young lady did not know what to say next, and was indeed somewhat ashamed of herself for having gone so far as she had. She came to the conclusion, how ever, that upon close inspection Tom Charteris was a better-looking fellow than she had previously considered him, and shortly afterwards might have been heard to say to herself 'absurd,' in fact her mother did hear her, and asked her ' What is absurd, Edith ?' 'Did I say absurd, mamma? What could I have been thinking of, I wonder ? I suppose I was dreaming with my eyes open.' 'Well, you don't look sleepy, my dear,' said the elder lady. Tom Charteris was not at this time, be it understood, an inmate of the 'men's hut,' When he was promoted to the posi tion of storekeeper he was also promoted to a share of the overseer's hut, and the two became fast Mends. McDonald was no less proud of his descent; indeed, he made more of it than the ex-Lancer, and many and long were the confabulations they had over their evening pipes. Both were ambitious for fortune, and singularly enough for a similar purpose, to repur chase the estates of their forefathers. 4 The ball is at both our feet, Charteris, if we only know when to kick,' said McDonald one night. ' Do you think so, old chap,' returned the other. ' It appears to me such a slow old game ; I almost despair of success.' 'Nonsense, man,' said the canny Scot. ' The race is not always to the swift, and that you ought to know, for I expect you have been fast enough in your time.' 'Yes, by Jove,' said Tom with a sigh, knocking the ashes out of his pipe, 'I've been a blessed donkey, you can bet your bottom dollar. But I shouldn't much care if it wasn't for the mater's sake. I fancy I could live happily and comfort ably even in the bush on certain con ditions.' ' A nice, wife and a good sheep-station, eh, Tom?' ' Well, yes,' answered Tom, stooping to pick up a match to hide an involuntary blush. ' And even that might come, old man, when least expected.' ' No such luck for me, McDonald. I pitched good fortune overboard years ago.' ' So you think, Charteris; but luck must turn some day, and then—why back your opinion and plank your dollars without blinking; you've done it before I expect.' 'Yes, and lost.' And so they chatted night after night, first about the station work, and then perhaps about the topics of the day; but Bomehow the conversation always veered round to their personal concerns and their hopes and fears. At last one night, led on by McDonald, Tom related Ids past history to his companion. I am not quite sure that Miss Edith Maxwell had not some thing to do with this, for guarded as were her allusions to the overseer about Charteris, it did not escape the Scotchman that she would like to know something of his antecedents. Desirous always of pleasing the girl, McDonald induced Tom to reveal something of his past life, and afterwards gave Mrs. Maxwell and her daughter as true and particular account of the events as he deemed advisable, suppressing of course the St. John's Wood and Wilton-place episodes. 'I knew his father and mother then,' said Mrs. Maxwell; ' indeed I knew his mother before her marriage, and a very lovely and lovable girl she was.' ' Can we not do something to help him, mamma ?' 'My dear,' replied the more cautious mother, 'we really do not know that this story is true. Remember there are such people as impostors, and that man may have known all the particulars of the life of Captain Charteris, and yet not be Captain Charteris.' ' Oh, mamma,' said the girl, 'I am sure he is not an impostor.' ' Well, darling, we can easily set the matter atrest by writingtoMrs. Charteris, which I will do by the next outgoing mailand if he is really her son, nothing will give me greater pleasure than helping him to become independent.' This conversation took place in July, and Mrs. Maxwell kept her word by writing to her old Mend upon the subject. Notwithstanding the caution of the widow Tom Charteris could not but notice that he was treated with much more considera tion after his exposition of his past life to the overseer. He was slow, however, to connect the subjects, and felt very grate ful for the kindness shown to him. Had he known the real cause of the change which bo much enhanced his comfort he would probably have resented it as a liberty, and very possibly have severed his connection with the establishment. Shearing time came round again, and the day before the shed was opened for work Mr. McDonald said, 'Charteris, I am deputed by Mrs. Maxwell to say that from to-day your salary will be doubled, as you will be required to take charge of all the outside work, sheep-washing in cluded, in addition to your usual work, so that your responsibilities will be greatly increased.' 'It is very kind of Mrs, Maxwell/ said Tom,' and I hope you -will expresB to her my gratitude for her goodnesB,' , ' All right,, old hoy,; but..you are worth |: your Bcrew, you know,' returned the Over seer. And so our hero gradually found him self rising in the world, although the. for tune which was to repurchase the paternal acres was yet a vision of the future. He kept his object always in view, however, and although he did not positively become an ascetic, and could take his nobbier as cheerfully as his fellows, he never joined in the debaucheries so prevalent amongst the denizens of the Australian bush. Even Mr. McDonald, steady and per severing as he generally was, was not wholly exempt from the customary habit, and occasionally indulged in a two or three days' spree, for which he always made up by extra care and watchfulness of his em ployer's interest upon his return to the station. It had been the custom pre vious to Tom Charteris's promotion to the storekeepership for Mr. McDonald to dine with Mrs. Maxwell and her daughter on Sunday, when there were generally two or three visitors in the persons of neighboring squatters or their marriageable sons, would-be suitors, indeed, for the hand of Edith. This custom had been discontinued since Charteris began to mess with the overseer, at the latter's thoughtful suggestion; but on the Sun day morning following the conversation above-mentioned, Mr. McDonald con veyed to him the information that Mrs. Maxwell wished them both to dine with her that day. Tom would have refused the invitation point-blank, but, upon con sideration, he saw that it would appear very ungracious indeed. A a the time approached for them to go over to the house he became positively nervous, a most unwonted feeling for him, and one which he never used to feel when going to dine at the tables of the aristocracy at home. A couple of young squatters were already installed on the verandah chatting with the ladies when McDonald and he made their appearance. The former _ was received cordially by the visitors, he beini* somewhat of a favorite in the neighborhood, but Tom received nothing but a stony stare, until Mrs. Maxwell introduced him to them, when they bowed stiffly, for they both recollected him as a 'rouse-about hand' and a bullockdriver, and did not quite relish his being suddenly placed on a familiar footing with them. Little did they ken the mental comparison being made by Edith Maxwell between them and the tall ex-Lancer, all unfavorable as it was to them. Charteris soon found himself placed at his ease, and forgetting in the pleasurable society of women of taste and cultivation his subordinate position, his old manner asserted itself, and he chatted away as gaily as the rest, and with a debonair ease which somewhat astonished the colonial bred youths on the opposite side of the table. The ice being thus, as it were, broken, Tom and McDonald were frequent guests at Mrs. Maxwell's dinner and tea table, and the former quickly ingratiated him self in the elder lady's favor, whilst the younger gradually ceased to make use of the word 'absurd,' whilst Tom was more frequently heard to ejaculate 'bosh.' Time sped on. The shearing was con cluded, and Mrs. Maxwell and her daughter went to Melbourne for a few weeks. They were to return about a fortnight before Christmas, as it was their custom always to make a sort of general feast for their employes on the station and their families on Christmas day. A couple of bushrangers had been very busy for some months throughout New South Wales, and lately they had crossed the_border and appeared to be working their way westward. Atrocious ruffians both, according to all accounts, who stuck at nothing. Robbery and murder were as nothing to some of their deeds, and they were the terror of the women in whatever part of the colony they might be. The police they had completely set at defiance, and up to the time of which I am writing had had it all their own way, sticking up banks, townships, and stations at their own sweet will, and living on the fat of the land at the ex pense of the terrified inhabitants. As the time drew near for the return of Mrs. Maxwell and her daughter to the station, these two scoundrels were heard of, gradually making their way apparently to the district, and Tom, sitting one night on the moonlit verandah of the hut with McDonald smoking the last pipe be fore bed, said, 'Do you know, Mac, I think you ought to write and beg Mrs. Maxwell not to come home until these blackguards are disposed of or have left the district.' ' Just the very thought that wa3 passing through my head,' said the other. 'I will write at once; fortunately to-morrow is mail day,' and suiting the action to the word he went indoors and penned a note to the suggested effect. It was too late, however, for Mrs. Maxwell and Edith had left Melbourne the day before the letter arrived at their hotel on their return journey, and a few days before Christmas they reached the homestead. An explanation showed that the well meant letter of the overseer had not been in time, and the ladies both admitted that had they received it they should certainly have taken the advice tendered. Already they had had a scare, and had narrowly escaped meeting the bushrangers, who had been prevented from sticking up a station at which they had stayed the pre vious evening by the opportune but acci dental arrival of a party of troopers on their way to a township a few miles away, to reinforce the constables there. ' Had you not better return to town, Mrs. Maxwell ?' suggested Tom Charteris. ' "Why that would be putting our heads into the lion's mouth, Mr. Charteris,' said Mrs. Maxwell. ' No, now we are here, we muBt take our chance, and depend upon you and Mr. McDonald to defend us.' 'I trust the occasion may not arise, Mrs. Maxwell,' replied Tom, 'but if it does you may rely upon my doing my beBt to give an account of the ruffians.' 'I believe you, Mr. Charteris, but nevertheless I am afraid we shall both, feel rather nervous so long as these gentry ] remain in the district.' The proximity of the bushrangers did not prevent the preparations for the forth coming Christmas festivities being pro ceeded with, and every one about the station was busy with some detail or other. A couple of days before Christmas a fat bullock, which had been spotted and re served for the occasion, was run in and slaughtered, geese, turkeys, fowls, and ducks departed this life in unwonted numbers. Tom Charteris contributed some wild turkeys and scrub pheasants to the larder; tarts, puddings, cakes, jellies, and various other goodies were stowed away in pantry and store j the woolshed was gaily decorated with greenery and paper flowers for the ball; and all was bustle and excitement at the homestead. Every one was so busy that the bush ranger scare was completely forgotten for the time, and when at last the work of preparation was complete on Christmas eve, and the guests began to arrive—for several squatters' families who lived too far away to come and go on one day came to stay overnight to be ready for the ap proaching festivities—the thought of the two miscreants gave rise to little uneasi ness, as the number of men collected together appeared to give immunity from danger from such a small force as the bushrangers could bring. Notwith standing this, however, McDonald and Charteris never parted with their re volvers, for they both had a kind of pre sentiment that sooner or later they would be called upon to use them in the defence of Mrs. Maxwell and Edith. Christmas eve came to an end, and all was quiet at the homestead. The two friends, pretty well tired out, were smok ing a last pipe before turning in, when the sound of a horse .^Hoping towards the station made them start and involun tarily feel the butts of their revolvers, .Listening attentively for a full minute, iMcDonald first broke the silence, 'There is only one coming,' said he, 'I wonder who it can be, some guest most likely.' ' 'Therehe is,' said Tom, ' just rounding the paddock fence, he is oh a grey ; it'A not the bushrangers any way,, that's a comfort at any rata.' Tlio mystery was soon cleared up as the horseman approached and revealed the well-known form of one of the boundary riders. Dismounting, he came straight up to the overseer's hut. 'Hullo, Curtis,' said McDonald, ' what's the matter; what brings you in at this time of night?' 'Well, sir,' my mate, little Tom Pollen, fell off his horse this evening and broke his thigh. I managed to carry him up to the hut and put him on his bed, and my old woman has done what she could for him. I had a precious race after grey Dolly there, or I'd have been in before.' 'Tight, I suppose, eh, Curtis?' ' W ell, he was a bit on, sir, and that's the truth.' ' Now, Charteris, what's the best thing to do ?' said McDonald. ' Why I must go for Dr. Spoonhill, I sup pose, and take him over to the poor chap.' ' And that means a fifty-four mile ride before it's over, and you are tired out now.' ' Oh, never mind that. You had better keep Curtis with you to-night. I'll soon catch Sultan; he is about the most reliable in the paddock for a quick long journey.' And taking a bridle on his arm Tom lost no time in going after the horse. Sultan was a tractable old stockhorse, but if he had known what was before him the pro bability is he would not have allowed himself to be so easily caught as he did. .The saddle was speedily adjusted, and Tom swallowed a caulker of whisky and lighted his pipe before vaulting on his steed's back. ' Keep your ears open, Mac,'said he. 'Never fear old chappie ; you don't catch a weasel asleep.' As Tom started off at a canter it was just one o'clock in the morning, and he had a ride of thirty miles before him to the doctor's house. Sultan was a stayer, however, and without unnecessarily push ing him Charteris reached his first jour ney's end at about half-past four o'clock. All the way he had been blaming himself for not having sent one of the men and staying at the station himself. The bush rangers haunted him during the ride, and he promised that he would never forgive himself if anything happened to the ladies whilst he was away. It was broad daylight as he rode up to the doctor's door, and the worthy sawbones was soon on the alert. A full hour was cut to waste, however, before he was ready to start, as he had to make arrangements for being away from home so long a time as he anticipated he should be. It was about twenty-sis miles as the crow flies through the bush to the out lying boundary-rider's hut, where Tom Pullen lay with a broken thigh. Char teris knew the bush well, and by half past nine he landed the doctor at the hut. Dismounting, and tethering their horses, they entered the hut, where they found the boundary-rider, Curtis's, wife at her wits' end, and the patient delirious. ' This is serious,' said the doctor. ' It seems so,' replied Tom. This was all that passed at the moment, and the doctor, with the assistance of Charteris, proceeded to administer chloro form, as to attempt to set the leg in Pullen's delirious condition without it would have been futile. The job was completed at last, and an opiate administered. After a time the poor fellow went off into an uneasy slum ber, and then Charteris had time to think what was .best to be done. He was chafing at the delay in reaching home, and now he foresaw that his return must be longer delayed. The station was fifteen miles away, and he could not possibly leave the poor woman, already fagged out, to look after Pullen. ' Doctor,' said he, ' you had better ride over to the homestead ; you'll he in time for lunch. Kindly tell Mr. McDonald to send Curtis or some other man to relieve me. I am rather surprised he has sent no one.' '' All right,' said the doctor, nothing loth to get away, and he was soon on his road. It was now well nigh noon, and Tom's excitement was on the increase. ' "What on earth,' he thought, ' prevented McDonald from sending Curtis or some one to help me. However, the woman must be thought of.' Turning to her he said, 'Your Christmas is spoiled, Mrs. Curtis, but it cannot be helped now; you had better go and lie down. I'll watch Pullen until your husband or some one else comes to relieve me.' An hour, two hours passed, and still no one came: three o'clock, and Tom was nearly as delirious as Pullen, who still slept soundly, had been; half-past three and no one yet; yes—no—yes! the sound of a horse at the gallop. Who was it? The doctor! What brings Mm back ? 'Why, doctor, you didn't lose your way, did you ?' 'No, by Jupiter, Charteris, but the homestead's stuck up by those two bush ranging demons!' ' Stuck up! How do you know ? How did you get away ?' 'I never quite reached there—met an old black gin at the corner of the horse paddock, who pulled me up with " Which way that one Tom Charteris sit down ?" Sol told her where you were. ' 'Bale you go along a gunyah; that one bushranger stick 'em up all about; you,pu'l away fetch um Tom Charteris; you tell him Missie Edith want 'im."' ' Great God, my horse; you'll stay here doctor, like a good fellow,' and without another word Tom was off. In less than five minutes he was galloping towards the homestead, and Sultan's record for that fifteen miles was the fastest he ever made. Fast as he went, however, it was half-past 4 o'clock before he reached the horse-paddock, at the corner of which squatted Eliza, the old lubra. ' Good on you, Mister Tom; you got um revolver, budgeiy? Youleaveumyarraman along a paddock, and come along o' me.' ' ffTom was too excited to say more than 'All right, Eliza, old girl; come along,' and taking off his saddle and bridle he turned Sultan loose in the pad dock through an adjacent slip-rail, and with the ready promptitude <ti a soldier he submitted himself to the guidance of the lubra, whom he clearly saw knew how to compass the position better than he did. We must now return to McDonald where we left him on the verandah of his hut. After the departure of Tom Charteris the overseer smoked another pipe and swallowed another whisky, administering the same medicine to Curtis, the boundary rider, to whom he gave blankets to make a shake down. 'It's precious hot, Curtis; I vote we sleep out here on the verandah; we shall be more likely to hear anything unusual than if we were inside.' 'All right, Bir. I'm agreeable, and I believe I shall sleep, too,' said Curtis.| 4 Well, I must try and be watchful,' returned the overseer, 4 We never know when the rangers might turn up.' 'You don't expect them to-night, do you, sir ?' asked Curtis. 'Well, no; I scarcely think they'd venture, knowing how many people there are here, and, of course, they know every thing about the place, however they find out,' said McDonald. ' Have you got a pistol or a gun, sir, to lend me; I might as well be prepared.' The overseer went to the_fireplace over which hung a couple of fowling-pieces and gave one to the boundary-rider. 'It's loaded with ball, both barrels; now lie down and put it handy alongside of you.' The two then disposed themselves at opposite ends of the verandah, and before many minutes had passed Curtis was as sound as a bell; McDonald was restless and frequently raised himself on his elbow to listen. Two or three times he dozed, to awake with a start as frequently. At last exhausted nature asserted her pre dominance, and the overseer went off into one of those sound dreamle33 sleeps which are so healthful to both body and mind. The time was now about half-past three o'clock, and the first greyj streak of dawn was just creeping up in the east. The morning was close and sultry, anon a magpie uttered his sweet, weird note, again all was still. "What Bound is that?—the muffled tread of horses? Yes, two horsemen coming stealthily towards the homestead. Still the two figures on the verandah did not move. "Whoever these horsemen were they seemed to know the place well. Cau tiously dismounting, they led their horses straight to the stable, where they placed them; then carefully examin ing their revolvers, of which each had I three in his belt, they made swiftly but noiselessly to the overseer's hut; not a word was spoken, probably they had previoulsy decided on their proceedings. ; The sight of the two recumbent figures on the verandah made them start, bub the I moment after they rushed simultaneously at them, one to each, and pressing re , volvers to the sleepers' temples, had them at once in their power, for these were the dreaded bushrangers 1 ' Not a word, Mr. McDonald,' said one, ' or I'll scatter your brains.' 'Not a word, Mr. Charteris,' said the other, 'or look out for squalls.' Curtis was the first to speak. 'I'm not Mr. Charteris,' said he. ' Shut up, you blank fool, and don't lie. Get up and throw up your hands j that's it.' McDonald, confused with the sound ness of his slumber for a moment, did not grasp the situation ; but when he did he made an effort to reach his revolver, but was frustrated by a crack over the wrist from the butt end of the bushranger's. . Seeing resistance useless,, all he could do . was to submit, saying only, 'For God's - sake spare the women 1' In less than five minuteB he and Curtis were securely bound and gagged, and locked in one ot .. the rooms of the hut. The day was now beginning to, break, and the rangers made quickly for the men's hut, roused up the inmates, and marched them before them towards the house, and then whilst one stood over them the other went through the other parts of the establishment arousing the inmates, and making them one by one dress and join the party outside. The last to be molested were Mrs. Maxwell and her daughter, who hearing the unwonted uprising of their guests had surmised something of the truth, and were nearly dressed when the bushrangers knocked at their doors. ' "What do you want ?' said Mrs. Max well, confronting the ruffian. 'Well, madam, the fact is, we heard you were about to have a Christmas merry- making, and as we rather like a really good spree, we thought perhaps you would have no objection to our in viting ourselves.' 'I suppose there is not much use in my objecting. Take whatever you can find of value and go, but spare us, spare my daughter.' 'Asfortakingthevaluable3, thatof course j but really, Mrs. Maxwell, you show a sad lack of hospitality j we positively intend passing our Christmas day, perhaps night, with you and your guests.' At that moment Edith's door opened, and she came out pale as a ghost, and trembling like a leaf. 'This is MisB Maxwell, I presume. Good morning, miss, would you mind coming withyour mother, the day is getting old enough for breakfast, and the kettle not boiled yet. Will you kindly step out with me and give orders for the morning meal, madam?' Of course Mrs. Maxwell could do nothing but obey, and two of the servants proceeded to light a fire and prepare break fast. By this time all the firearms in the house had been secured by the bushranger, and he now proceeded to securely bind the male guests, whilst his mate stood over them with a revolver in each hand. This done, one of them smashed open ■ the store door as the shortest way of j getting in, and bringing out some bottles ' of whisky, helped himself and his mate, : and such of the prisoners as chose to ac cept of it.' Mrs. Maxwell and Edith had glanced quickly and eagerly round the throng of prisoners when they first came out, and failing to see McDonald and Charteris, their hearts sank within them. Breakfast was prepared at last and laid in the dining-room by the two women servants, who had been closely watched by one of the rangers. ' Now, ladies,' he said, 'let us go to breakfast, the gentlemen must wait a little while, the women ser vants can wait on us, and for obvious reasons you must excuse my friend, who will take my place presently.' Then marching all the females into the house, and leaving his mate on guard with a bottle of sherry and a cake to keep the wolf from the door, he begged the ladies to he seated, and did the honors of the table like a man who had been accustomed to it. It is needless to say that the ap petites of the ladies were not very good; the bushranger, on the contrary, stowed away a remarkably heavy caTgo, which he from time to time washed down with, bottled ale. When he had finished his meal he rose, and, excusing himself, was about to go out through the French light leading on the verandah, from whence could be seen the other bushranger and bis prisoner, when Mrs. Maxwell said, 'Please tell me, where are Messrs. McDonald and Charteris ?' ' The overseer and storekeeper are com fortably provided for,' replied the man. 'Not dead,' said Miss Maxwell, in voluntarily. ' Not yet, miss,' was the reply; and this was all he would vouchsafe. His companion then entered the room as he went out, and also stowed away a good square meal. Having thus refreshed themselves they marched the females all out of the house, and held a consultation as to the best manner in which to feed the remainder. They eventually decided to allow them the use of their hands by instalments, and told off an old lubra and a young blackfellow to carry around the food and the liquor. It was whilst on this duty that Eliza, the old lubra, managed to make Edith Maxwell understand that Tom Charteris was away for the doctor, and received instructions from her to warn him of the danger if possible. It may appear strange to the uninitiated, but there is. a mysterious ' black post* or 'underground mail' by which the abo rigines keep each other informed of events as they happen; and although no white man, except McDonald and Curtis, on the station knew of Tom Pullen's accident and the departure of Tom Charteris, both facts were well known at the blacks' camp. How old Eliza managed to evade the sharp lookout of [the bushrangers is best known to herself; at any rate, she succeeded as we have seen, and what is more, she was kept in constant knowledge of what was going on at the homestead during the day. All hands having been regaled, the bush rangers made them range up in twos, having previously^ unbound their feet and re bound their hands, and marched themall to the woolshed, for the day was getting very hot, and the early sun shone down fiercely on their heads. Having carefully ex amined the shed and noted any likely places through which an escape might be made, which were promptly stopped up by rolling bales of wool—of which there were still plenty stacked ready for carting away—in front of them, a duty performed by some men released for the purpose. The next thing-appeared to be, how were these gentlemen of the bush to enjoy themselves. The first thing to be thought of was the refredung part of the business, and a couple of men and two women were taken back to the house to £etch the wherewithal, one bushranger staying at the shed, and the Other accompanying the carriers. A cart was procured, a horse put to it, a good load of eatables and drink ables secured, and a return was made, the bushranger this time taking his own and his companion's horse with him. Arrived at the shed and the whole of the prisoners being released, so far as the binding of hands and feet were concerned, although made to stand in a row with their hands behind them, the masters of the situation commenced their carouse. The piano, which had been brought up to the woolshed for the dance, was called into requisition, and the ladie3 were de sired in turn to play. Wine and spirits freely circulated, and no doubt the station hands enjoyed the joke as much as the bushrangers. All things must come to an end, and at about four o'clock in the afternoon the apparent leader of the two, after a few moment's whispered conversa tion with his companion, approached Mrs. and Miss Maxwell, and Baid to the latter, '1 must trouble you, miss, to accompany me to the house in order to show me where the jewellery and cash are kept.' 'I will go,' said Mrs. Maxwell, eagerly. 'No, thanks, madam,' returned the bushranger,' I would rather your daughter went.' Shaking with fear, and possessed of an undefined dread, Edith reluctantly accom panied the ruffian to the house. * * * * We must now return to Tom Charteris and old Eliza. Keeping carefully out of sight of any one at the woolshed or the house, taking advantage of every tree, shrub, and hollow, the lubra led her com panion to the back of the overseer's hut. Sheknew well that the bushrangers had made , one mistake in " leaving McDonald andfhirtis bound where they were. Leav ing Tom in the shade of a big water-butt she ctept stealthily to a small window or air-hole, through which nothing but a snake or a black gin would think of crawl ing, and hauling herself up quickly dis appeared through the orifice. In a moment she had released McDonald, and whispered to him that Charteris was out side. Curtis was soon unbound, and the two men succeeded with a tomahawk in prizing open th8 hack door without noise. A grasp of the hand, and McDonald and Tom held a whispered conversation as to the best course to pursue. They had but one revolver between them, and that was Tom's. Curtis had possessed himself of an axe, McDonald still held the toma hawk, and they were trying to think how to secure the rangers, when a piercing shriek, quickly followed by another, pro ceeded from the house. In a moment Tom Charteris rushed round the overseer's hut towards the other building, followed by the others, but just as he reached the corner of the house he stumbled and fell on the verandah; McDonald and Curtis made for the French lights of the dining room, from whence shriek after shriek issued, and as they entered they saw the bushranger with Edith Maxwell in his arms. With a curse he threw the girl from him, and drawing a revolver fired point-blank at McDonald, who was by this time close upon him. The ball penetrated the forehead, plumb centre, and the faith ful overseer jumped a foot into the air and fell a corpse at his murderer's feet, who, changing his aim, fired at Curtis, wounding him in the shoulder and bring ing him down, just in time to get out of Tom's line of fire. The latter had quickly regained his legs, and was in the room a second after the others. Before the bush ranger could steady his hand for another shot Tom's trigger was pulled, and the ball smashed the ruffian's pistol-hand, another in the neck brought him down. Dashing at him Charteris dealt him several blows with the butt of his pistol on the head, rendering him insensible. He then passed on to where Edith Maxwell lay fainting on the floor. _ 'Edith,' he said, 'Miss Maxwell—are you hurt? for God's sake speak.' With a deep aigh the girl opened her eyes, aLd said, 'Tom Charteris, dear Tom,' and then went off again into a faint. By this time Eliza had put in an ap pearance. 'That one white lubra all right, Mr. Tom ; you look out overseer mind give em Edy water directly.' Tom then went over to McDonald and found him stone dead. 'Poor fellow,' he said; * how are you, Curtis, much hurt V ' Ball in the shoulder, sir, that's alL It knocked me over, but I can get up now I think. Yes, that's all right; luckily, its the left; I can fire straight yet if it's wanted.' ' Take some whisky, man. Where's the ether, Eliza ?' 'Along a woolshed, only take care, that one got um three revolvers.' By this time Edith Maxwell had re covered from her fainting fit and was able to sit up. 'Pray take care, Mr. Charteris,' she said. ' All right, Miss Maxwell,'was the reply, 'but I must go and release your mother.' With this intention be started for the woolshed, leaving Curtis to look after the captured bushranger, should he recover consciousness. As he neared the shed he saw the second bushranger, who had evi dently been disturbed by the firing, pre paring to mount his horse, still, however, keeping an eye on his prisoners. Espying Tom he quickly threw his leg over the saddle and started for him at a canter, firing as he went. One ball took effect on the collarbone, another passed through Tom's left arm, and he only had. time to fire one barrel when a third ball smashed his left leg and he came to the ground. His ball had, however, struck the bush ranger in the chest, and he fell to rise no more alive. By this time the released prisoners were hurrying to the scene. A litter was quickly improvised, and Charteris was carried to the house and placed on a bed. gome men were quickly dispatched to fetch the doctor from the outlying hut and to look after Tom Pullen, whilst the utmost excitement prevailed amongst the guests and others. The bushranger who had first en countered Tom Charteris, and who shot McBonald, had recovered consciousness, but was evidently past recovery—in fact, he died within an hour. Poor McDonald's body was removed to bis own room, whilst those of the two bushrangers were placed in the woolshed to await the usual inquest and burial. And so the festivities were turned into mourning, for of course all idea of a merry Christmas was abandoned. And this was how Tom Charteris spent one Christmas. Heed I tell how he spent the next ? No, dear reader, you guess the re3t. How letters arrived from home for Mrs. Max well from Mrs. Charteris; how Tom's bachelor uncle left him a fortune made in India; how Tom married Edith Maxwell; how Mrs. Maxwell sold her station; how they all returned to England; how Tom bought the paternal acres after all; and how there are ever so many young Toms and Ediths and grown-up Ediths and Toms spending this present Christmas right merrily, some in England and some in this fair southern land. And so I, the writer of this sketch of a true incident, although I shall not enjoy one myself, wish you all a very Merry Christmas and a very Happy New Year! And so farewell! A school teacher lately asked a boy, "Which is the highest dignitary of tue Church 2" Alter looking up and down, north and south, east and west, the boy replied, " The weathercock." "Woman's rights!" exclaimed a Phila delphia man, when the subject was broached. "What more rights do they want? My wife hosseB me; our daughters boss us both, and the servant-girl bosses the while family. It's time the men were allowed some rights," A plasterer and his-boy being employed to whitewash a house by the day were so tedious that the owner askeathe lad, in his master's absence, when bethought they would be done. The boy bluntly replied, " Master's looking for another job, ana if he finds one, we shall make an end this week," 