IRELAND. It has been resolved, in accordance with Mr. Parnell's desire, to transform the branches of the Land and Labour League of Grcat Britain, some 240 in number, into branches of the Irish National League, and a circular has been issued to those bodies. As yet. however. only :. small proportion of the braovhes have acceded to the proposal, most of them having deferred their reply to the circular iuntil the enggestion has been thoroughly discussed. A stop has heen taken towardstheanmlgamation of the American Land League, and the chief Irish-American organisations hlave signified to the organising com mittee in Dublin their approval of the programme of the Irish National League. Mr. Parnell has received a telegram from America requesting that Mr. Sexton should attend the convention there, next month, for the purpose of reorganising the Land League of America into a National League. Mr. Sexton will sail immediately. Three emergency bailiffs were attacked at Upper Cross County TippeaTry, by an armed party, on Janu ary 2. It appears that the men were proceeding to the village for provisions when they were assailed., In the dreadful struggle which ensued, the Property Defence men fired thluree revolver-shots and one charge of buckshot. A niannamined leeson, of UpperCross, one of the assailants, was shot dead. Others were wounded. The police subsequently arrested five of the attacking party. A dastardly outrage was.perpetrated at Ashford, County Limerick. A large farmer named Thomas Neligan, for some cause or other, has incurred the displeaure of the land agitators, and he has been subjected to annoyance for a considerable time. His house has been entered late at night by armed parties. A month ago a large rick of hay wo burned. The other night the cow-house, out-office, and dairy- house were diseovered to be in flames, and the fire had made asuch progress that all efforts to get it under proved unavailing. Seven cows, a valuable mare, and a colt were roasted to death, and a large amount of property was consumed. The correspondent of the Globe, who has been on a visit to what he terms the " Wild West," thus speaks of one of the towns :-" I inspected the town of Roscommon. an assize town, adorned with three mighty buildings-the poor-house, the inlirmary, and the court-ihouse-all splendid structures, the latter being decorated with pillars of Ionic order. But the town itself I A more miserable hamlet 1 have seldom seen eves in Ireland, with its shabby genteel slated houses and dirty green-streaked thatched cabins, and around a desolate, low-lying landscape, drowned in water. Conversing with a labourer, however, I discovered that Roscommon had been recently visited by a great blessing. A fire had consumed half the wretched town, and the rebuilding had afforded much employment to the poor of the neighbourhood. It was market day, and I had a good opportunity of observing the Connaught peasantry. They seemed a quiet, much-suffering people, slow in their speech and movement, wander ing to and fro with their donkeys, and answering all questions with great politeness, and always with the addition of ' your honour,' in compliment, Isup pose, to a coat which was not frieze. Looking at and talking with these people, one certainly finds it difficulty to imagine that they can be capable of the terrible and merciless outrages which from time to time they commit or conceal. And so passed my first day in the 'Wild West.'" The wives of the three condemned men in Galway Prison for the Lough Mask murders visited them on January 10, and the day before, for the first time since esentence was passed. Up to that time the men were in good spirits, but they have since become melan choly. The men are very silent as to their guilt, and it is believed they will make no statement. Unlike the other .condemned prisoners who have been lodged in Galway, they have not been visited by nuns, nor have they expressed any desire in that direction. They are resigned to their fate, and at tend to their religious duties. In the barracks at Buttevaut, County Cork, on January It, some soldiers of the 10th Regiment were skylarking, and one of them, named Richmond, who was putting another, named Merriott, through his drill, commanded the latter to fire. The latter did so, and killed Richmond on the spot. Merriott ran away, but was found concealed under a heap of straw, in a farmer's yard, two miles from the barracks. He was lodged in the bridewell at Mallow. A statement is current in Galway, and is gaining credence amongst the superstitiouson, that the ghost of Myles Joyce, the man who declared his innocoence of participation in the Maamtrasna massacre on the scaffohld, last month, is seen nightly around and within the prison of Galway. Two esoldlers, it is said, were visited while on their guard outside the gsaol, a night or two ago, by a tall mysterious figure that laid hold of their rifles. The matron and warders have, it is further said, applied for a transfer. 