CORFERISMS. O BV TOM lOGCasTONB. J • 1 1 Tba hnman no! i* ha Voafiictioft *enument* M with much impirimlitv " ADtTLTEKATION". "When my grocer poisons me," Ksy» t French journalist, "they Mnplf fine him; bat when I poison my qrocrr tney send me to the guillotine." T.iis applies to eveiy British community, where equal justice is oar bout Competition is the wothi-r of invention, as veil aa the sonl of trade. With the exception of a few analytical obenuste and the poorest of the poor, utto live on rice, or potatoes and point, or seaweed, who cau tell what he or she i» eating? When we go iota apablicaouse and call form a'glass of our " particular weakness," we expect to get a mirtnre of chemicals; and even If we call for a ntiM bottle of ginger beer, we may be temporarily reminded of Mrs Uow> lett, who lively in Ararat was nearly (rilled by being served with a bottle highly charged with strychnine. W« do not blame the publican, who serves os •with the liqeors as supplied to him, merely mixing thts with the only pare liquor in his bar—puce water, and thus lessening thesr deadly effects. Hs probably IB quite iguoraiit of the fact that he is merely a retailer of drugs. So donbt he means well, and when he fancies he id for the moment " making glad the heart of man." he has not a notion that he is doing it with neutral spirit mired with tartaric, citric, and sulphuric acids, Alum, feel oil, ammonia, ambergris, prusaic acid, cardamom bone black, catechn, canstie potass*, cubebF, elm bark, flix seed, gamboge, gentian, hocey, molasses, oak bark, cayenne^ black pepper, pellitcry, and grains of paradise, tinctures of musk and tola, snake root, tweet spirits of nitre, tea, quassia, olii'c oil, oils of carraway, cloves, eedar, juniper, lavender, lemon, mace, rosemary, roitB, sassafras, and winter-green creosote and turpentine. These, with a lot of other nice things, are used iff the manu faotnre of liquor, a? can he seen in the cleverly compiled book, "Tne Manufacture of Liquors, Wines, &c..; Without the Aid of Distillation" (arranged and prepared expressly for the trade), in wfaioh the anthor sives for coloring mateiials "alkauetroot, red beets. Brazilwood, cochineal, indigo, logwood, red Bandera wood and saffron." The in senious author asserts that " following his directions will ensure a saving of from 40 to 250 per cent, per gallon, and the most Critical examination wiil ecarcely detect the genuine, a chemical test alone being able to indicate the difference of the one from tbe other." Ilolmee vis annoyed when he femnd that bis festive poem was slightly altered to •nit tho celebration, which was much more of a teetotal character. Tbe president considered be was justified In making some alight alterations in'the poet's text; but truth is not always as. practical as fiction, and so it was co wonder that tbe author was, an' noyed at the "slight alteration" in bis text. Come, fill a fradi hamper; for why should ws go, [ojtvood While the ucccar still reddens our cups as they fiowt liraxt'on Pour out tbs ncii jjices, BUH briijllt with tbe N: dr/*- rtuni Till o'er ibe brifmed ayaUl the rabies shall nuj. ha\f-rlptna& appUs a The purple-robe*! clusters tbeir life^ews faa^e shed: taste KttjaroJ lean How sweet la the breath of the fragrance ttiey o shed! rjnt /wiaa* isltira For aumser's Lu. j i-?. a Jie bi4 in the wines *'n'jl' b.'Ji sutoL That were garaercd by who through the vines. tzovrl howl Mjr enter Then a smile »n<l a el*** «n«J q i-n-it and a cheer, etrychniAe ttnJ trhutSryand ratsbane and fre Bur all khe good wice. unil me'vd stilus o! it bttre! Tn nSHar. in pintrv. in attic, in hall, Jjorrn, doirn tcitli tke tyrant that masters ut aU ! Long lire the gay servant that laughs for ns all'. These amendments may not appear to be so poetical as tbe original rendering of tbe verses, bnt they have the merit of being more truthful. The publican iB not to blame; in fact, he is to be credited for extenuating the «vils by mixing good water with them. It is to his watering the grog that we owe the fact that the lunatic asylums are not as full as they might be. \V T ith very rare exceptions, the publicans are innocent of "doctoring the drink." Men who know more of drags than they do, do the doctoring, and make tho publicans and the public pay them for their superior knowledge. We go into the publichouse with our eyes open, or, perhaps, half open, and we call for some of tile things "licensed to be umak on tbe premises," and we are supplied with •quite a •variety for our money, and we prove tbe variety so charming that we keep on asking for more, though perhaps the wife and the children may beat borne wanting bread. All this is perfectly legal I suppose, for England's glory is built on the beer cask and not on the •'woolsack," as her best and wisest are forced to admit. The army .and navy, of whose victories we are so proud, are mainly supported by the lusbingtons— Tbe ten thousand casks For ever dribbling out tbeir buecoctent^ Touched by tbe Midu Hnger tfthe State, Blood gold for Parliament to vote away. Bishop Kennion, tbe new Bishop of Adelaide, computes that where '200 yean ago one per' •on in every thirteen in England had £100 per year, not one persAn in twentyfour now baa that anonnt; but on the other band tbe number of persons with Incomes over £1000 a year lias probably been increased fonrteen or fifteen fold. " Tbe rich are steadily becoming richer, and the poor numerically greater, 1 " and this is tbe natural result of the poor swilling all their earnings, and demoralising themselves- body and soul. Bnt .this is a digression, and Indeed, if we are resolved to sutn ourselves with intoxicants, it matters vejy little whether we get good grog or bad grog, for-bad is the best, and tbe result will fccabont even. Sat with the provisions that me .purchase to nonrish our bodies it iff voydifiaeiit).«Qd we ought to be able to get wfatt we demand and what we pay far; fact unch-is not the «sse. Such is life now-a-days that -we £0 into the grocer's and ask for an article, -send -very contentedly walk off with a very different mixture. Well might Loqgfellow •claim, in " The Psalm of Life," Tell me not in mtafsl nmnbens, " Lifojs but an empty 4iean£~ For the soul is dead th,t slumbers. AnJ tXiag* arc not xjus; tz^yMeesx? Ko, *wy lirlrom £t» indeed:! AI I^onld^tot help remarking, when I lately found ihit an a doEsn fresh " eggs, I bad become -the proprietor of seven chickens. We 4alk of what we eat and drink; but we do <aet oall tbings by their right n«n»»« beaaaaB we' iwow nothing of cbemistiy. Few «ape, in this see of adulletalion, iac anything that snU pay to adulterate, isaulnlterated, to Suit the exigencies fif sqgdjr and demand." How true is the following little fable, from tbe Sam Voti 3SeSaA jttcord—"Tnere were once fear flies, and as i* happened they were hungry one morcx^. Tne first settled apou a eanssse, «f aminlarly appetisiagappearaase, and made « hearty meaL Bat be apee&Uy; .died f£ intestinal iuflsmmatioii, for tbe aansage n adalsersted- -witii nriinft—Tht second jfiy, breakfasted upon flour, ' iand faittwith buu- 4noiibed to contractioa of tbe atomscb, owing to the inordinate ^unlity of tlma with> which the flour .luid been adulteoded. Tne' third was staking bis thirst frojs the cod-' tents of the milk jag, when violent craaupe aaddenly convulsed his frame, *«id £e •goo- gave up the ghost—a vietiin to adulteration. Seeing this. tbefsartii it'^SI^^lVaooisBr^ticr'^' 1 --''^ of toe counteif|ft pMseatment of i Aeath'i bead, andtheiuacriptioa 'Flypoison.' lag tbe tip t>f»bia probbscas to this dense. the fourth fly drank to his -Lear£s coatflat, growing more vignroas and cheerful mt ev«cy rpnatMcl, although expectant of his ?tiit be did not die. Oa the contrary he throve and waxed fat, because'the £y poison was adulterated." In the present market at the C'mer, I am aomettoies inHinM .to think that the reason there are not more auicidev. ie because people do not 'know •where to purchase . pngi'wt.pti^ni^mtffll "EomjU," GEOnsE Euor. 