%\\)e Wallaroo WAi.LA.BOO, SATURDAY, JANUARY 27, 1883. It will be with profound . regret that a large number -of the residents of the Peninsula will receive the news of the death of the Rev. G\ W. Pat cliell, which is announced in our telegraphic columns. He was for some years minister of the "Wallaroo "Wesleyan circuit, and was highly; esteemed. , . \ The surrendering clause of the new Land Act bids fair not only to place the land fund in such a position that to ascertain clearly what the assets of the country are will be a matter of impossibility, but also to open the door to all kinds of dishonesty ; and, what is more, like most other relief mea sures, it is those who are the least de serving .that will, reap the benefit. A trip through some of the agricultu ral hundreds where selections are being surrendered wili~ serve-to—show the truth of this statement.' One would naturally suppose that-the un-^ fortunate circumstances which have been the means of compelling selec tors to seek the protection of the ntew measure, would also have bad the effect, of putting a stop to further im provements oil the land, until such time as they saw whether they were likely to retain it. But, in many cases at least,"-this is not the case,— the notice of surrender .being the sig nal for pushing forward with all the improvements possible. The objeetof this is apparent, and unfortunately the surrounding circumstances this year materially assist persons of the , class we hare referred to in their dis honest practices.- £t will be at once understood that at a time when so many are suffering from "the Effects of bad harvests, there is little chance, of the opposition atauction which might have been offered under more favour able circumstances; and as improve ments have to be paid forat once, the more there are the less chance will there be of competition when the laiud is again q^^d-for sale. . It is a noto rious factihat rtn many districts those who have the most, and; to all ap pearances arejleast • in: need'pf Tielief, ; s0ftt® fd?eiiioiib^n^i:^^«i^s/ of those r ^ho^iire^ eurrerideri^.^ : lowed to go uncheckedj .it is impossible to estimate the extent of the injury that be sustained by the country. When the question was first referred to the House, Mr Bray said that the amount of the concession was estiina -ted at 45120,000; But if the condition of affairs^ which obtain at present is allowed to continue, three times that amount will not cover the loss. If, as was doubtless the intention of the Act, this brought any relief to those really deserving such, there might .be some consolation; but the reverse is the case, for, while they are not in a position to bid for the holding of a rich neighbor, owing to the value- of improvements thereon, the rich man whose position is still further improved by getting his owu land back for about half of what he originally promised to pay, is enabled to outbid and completely crush his struggling neighbor, and this is what will be done in more than one place. This is the xesult of the Government mis taking for the voice of the country the cry *of a few discon tented individuals who are too lazy to work the land they have selected, and : in order to make both ends meet resort to measures, ostensibly for liberalizing the land laws, but, which, under their true name, would be the means of depriving them of their liberty. The question of allowing ministers of religion the right of occupyiug a scat in Parliament is one that has cropped up on several occasions. It is re garded, by the cloth as a paradox that in a country which boasts of the liberty of the subject, clergymen should be deprived of the privilege of taking | part in the work of framing the laws and guiding the concerns of the colony. We remember, some time ago, on the occasion of^a public din ner iii the distn^ the subject was 'TSarrecfr to by^SseT©^T'"ti Tsrpwikero. Subsequently a gentleman, who' has now gone over to the great majority, and who was known "as the " Father ; of the House," referred to the matter somewhat as follows" The parsons —bless them, no one respects them more than I d^. They preach to us, and pray for us—although they sometimes spell it' prey.' In the great work to which they have been called they stand out as the grandest examples of self-sa crificing devotion, but in business mat ters they are the biggest fools I ever knew, and it is only right, iu the interests of the country, that the privilege referred to is withheld from them," It is perhaps neeessary for us to explain that the above was said in a spirit of banter, but still there were whisperings to the effect that " many a true word has been spoken in jest." The Australasian has re ferred to the subject in connection with the intended candidature of Dr Moran, the Catholic Bishop of Duue din, and for the benefit of those con cerned we append the remarks — "The Bight Rev. Dr Moran, the Roman Catholic Bishop of Dunedin, has, we are told by telegraph, announced his intention to offer himself for a seat in Parliament. Why not? We are satisfied that much good would result if prominent clerical representatives of their respective churches were to offer themselves for election and make their way into Parliament. The dis qualification barring them from doing so is a mere antiquated survival, with out meaning in a purely secular state. Bishops and priests sit in the French Chamber of Deputies, and it is eertain that no mischief they may be thought by their opponents to do in Parliment is as dangerous as that they may do outside. Moreover, the fight ing a contested election would to the clergy be an admirable discipline in recognising and confronting opposition on equal terms—a kind of discipline from which at present they are kept altogether aloof. Then if they were to make their way into Parliament they would either do so as citizens, and would- then be acceptable as educated men; and members of a learned pro fession, or they would stand as repre sentatives of the demands of their churches, and would then gain a proper perspective oftho-position and relative importance of thoss demands as compared with the general matters claiming the consideration of Parlia ment. And certainly it would be better to accept the clergy as straight forward representatives of their own claims than to have the proxy of the churches m the pocket of a mere politician, who might use it for pur poses of self or party aggrandisment, or in discreditable intrigues ia which his constituency, - and his political friends and his church might all find themselves juggled and sold. "We think most Victorians interested in good, honest Government would pre fer to see the Catholic vote; repre sented in the Legislative Assembly by Archbishop G-oold, who would be b'oniidby hie position to a certain specified conrse,tban to see it hawked about and made- the subject of dis honorable traffic, as Jsre have seen it within the last few years."" " Toeke's PiKHf6UiA B;ACE8.—The meeting, adferUed , for Wednesday waB postponed owjng to the entertainment which took place on thaterening, ■ Bible Soctett.—-We ■wonId direct attention to the meeting x>Y the Wallaroo Branch of the British trad foreign Bible Society^ which will be held in "the Institute IMl ^fais eveniug. . !PjaK8?irjB»iair >Ch:cbch) Wjuxeaoo.—Mr "who bas rerentfy arrived from I£ngiai]d,wiU preach lh.; the. Presbyterian Church, ^allarob, to-morrpjr Snowtowit Races.—We would direct at tention to the fact that a special train leaves Wallaroo at 9 30 on Wednesday morning f r th« Snowtown races, returning in the evening'. The Beixses&^bs.—The Lynch Family played to an excellent house at Wallaroo last night, on tbeir return from the lower Peninsula, where they liar© had a ruri of splendid houses. They gave an entirely new programme, and were greatly enjoyed. They play at Moonta to-night, and go to Saow town on Monday. Hamxet.—The playgoing portion of the public will be pleased to hear that the enter, tainment giyen in Kadina on Wednesday will be repeated ou Tuesday next. Considering tbe amount of work that bos been undertaken, and the expense incurred in obtaining the use of the necessary dresses it is well that this course has been adopted, in fact it seems a pity that the other towns did not have tbe benefit also. Searing in mind the object, and out of respect to those who hare expended somuch time we hope to see another bumper, house on Tuesday evening. Attempted Suicide.—Some excitement was caused in Kadina on Wednesday evening last, by a report that a Mrs Gottfried had attempted suicide. It appears that the woman, who is wife of George Gottfried, a laborer, had been drinking heavily, and in a moment of excitement she threw herself into a tank in front of the house in which she resides. There was only about four feet of water in the tank at the time, and conse- quently she struck on the bottom, causing rather serious injuries. Medical aid was obtained, when it was found necessary to remove the woman to the Wallaroo Hospital, which Constable Hughes did on Thursday, Wateb Supply.—Our Moonta correspon dent says; Water carting has commenced with several of the farmers around Penang.: Should no rain fall during the next four weeks, tha Government tmka will be dry, at tbe present rate of demand, and the farmers 1 will either have to cart water from the beach j wells, or from the Kidina Railway, tbe j water distilled on the Mine not being con sidered fit for human consumpiion. It is more than time united action taken by the three corporate towns to urge upon the Government to immediately assist in making . some provision for present requirements, and providing a permanent supply for the Penin -nsla. Bifle Voltjkxeeb Fobck.—We regret to learn that the bad season has resulted most seriously for tbe norther"? rifle companies. We need scarcely say that the Areas No 1 and tbe Bed Hill companies numbered amongst their members a higher average of good shots than any otber companies in the coloDy ; but at the present time botb com panies have fallen below the required standard, so fai as numbers are concerned, and unless a change of some kind takes place for the better it is feared that one at least will be compelled to disband. Other companies have also suffered and as a %msequence the aggregate ramber of the E.Y^Httftbe con siderably decreased this year, Pbesehtation.—Mesgrs JohnT^ie and Edward Ralph were the subjects of a presentation at Walter's Hotel, Maitland, on the evening of the 23rd inst. The chair was occupied by Mr Hussey. Mr W. Warn made the presentation—a purse of sovereigns, and in doing so spoke in high terms of tbe oblig ing and gentlemanly conduct of Messrs Ralph and Opie, who had been for some years as "driver On the Peninsula roads. ' 'Messrs Sharpies, Murdock, Altofer and Woods also bore testimony to the esteem in which tbe two gentlemen were held by all with whom they came in contact. Eegrefc was expressed at Mr Opie's absence, through illness of a relative. A vote of thinks to the chairman brought the proceeding to a close. An Unfositosate Hake.—The JDeniliquin Chronicle relates that, one morning last week when Mr A. Pearse and bis son were going round the fences on tbeir selections on Hart wood, a hare jumped up and ran and tbeir dog pursued. Puss cried out, and, when overtaken, Mr Pearse noticed what appeared to be a dark band wrapped tr.any times round its body. Presently tbs band—a snake— began to uncoil, and with an axe was cut in half j it measured 7 ftet in length, was as thick as a man's arm, and was curioaalv marked. The hare shortly afterwards was found dead. A Gband Stabee.—Saya the Australian Sportsman:—"A stable of brown stone and marble, costly woods, and plate-glass, such as this might surely hnye beeD the housing of the fair.ed Bucephalus himself. But it ia only the stable of Mr W. H. Vanderbilt. The stalls are of polished wood, trimmed witb black walnut. In the harness-room tbe trappings are enclosed in plate-glass canes, and eren the stable-buckets are adorned with the big brass monogram of the ownei. The coachhouse—walls, floor, and ceiling alike— is in polished woods of various sorts, and upon one of the walls hangs a large mirror which reflects the line of carriages ranged opposite. When the horses return from their work of fast-trotting or carriage-dragg ing, they walk along a broad strip of carpet." Test of Endubanoe.—A novel experiment to test the endurance of the officers of the CaTalry Brigade of the Imperial Guard stationed at W&rsaw; was recently performed. Ten officers, chosen by lot, and their com mander, General Stroukoff, rode 133 miles on a course laid out around the Mokatoff Plain, adjoining Warsaw, between the hoars of 6.30 a.m. and 5 30 p.m. They changed their horses as often as. they wished, in most cases five or six times, and rested only 20 minutes during the day. They were weighed -before starting, and at the end of the trial all were found to have lost except (3-eneral Stroukoff, the average loss being abont 41b. Neither the men nor their horses appeared to be much fatigued. Bees>8 Depbndees.—The "Beemaster" of tlie London Times narrates the following amusing instances of the application of bees in -defensive purposes,—A small privateer manned by fifty men. but having oa board \ some hives of bees, was pursued by a I Turkish galley, manned bj five hundred sea- | man and soidiere. When the latter came j t alongside the ere wo f ihe-^privateer mounted the rigging witli their hives and threw them upon their foes, who, astonished at this novel mode of warfare, hastened to escape the furj of the enraged bees. Another instance occur red, when a rabble at Hohnstein, in Tonringia, attempted to pillage the house of the parish minister; he caused some behives to be thrown among the mob, who in consequence soon dispersed. Again, Yaughan narrates how bees played an important part at the siege of Cbatte in Lorraine, After a eiege. the town, was being stormed, and daring the asra^Jttbebesieged threw a few hives of bees upgjajflie heads of die storming parly. The Ixgftp crealures etangjtlie besiegers so dread fn^ ^at tKev ' hid to retire :; and the tro%ri&ntells; os that *'the bees werp»o£ihe ^jljjpiiaM of the siege Jwutg ^e^P E WTEBTA DiMENT AT KAX>rNA.—In the matter of amateur entertainments the people of Kndina hive always been foremost on tbe Peninsula. For yearB past at tegular in tervals a number of young men hare spent bath time and money in the inauguration of entertainments for 'tome worthy object, scores of pounds Lave been spent in the preparation of scenery, ' while the money raised bos reached hundreds. Hitherto, however, nothing -'wit' comedy has been attempted, but for sbjjae freaks past it lias been known that a' number of Jady and gentleman amateurs, led -by Mr Rodman, a gentleman who has lat3ly settled in l^adina* were preparing to giye a representation of tbe Third Act of Haiulet, in aid of the funds of Ibe Kadina Institute. The entertainment came off on Wednesday evening last, and although it was expected, under the able management of the gentleman referrd to, some thing much superior to former efforts would be the result, but few anticipated such a thorough success as the affair turned - out. As we mentioned iu our last, Mr Rodman had painted some new scenes, and with the able assistance of Messrs Anson and other gentlemen who are ever ready at such times had prepared the stage so tastefully that it afforded pleasure even to regular play-goers ! The following were the characters represented: [ Claudius, King of Denmark, Mr John ( Anthony ; IJamiei, Mr W. A. H- Kodman ; Polohius, Mi- Anson Horaiio, Jfr Jaliff; Gertrude, Queen of "Denmark, Miss Spark man ; Ophelia, Misi 35. Anson ; Player King, Mr S. W- Haselgrove ; Player Queen, Miss 0\. Fergu«s-"n ; Guildenstern, Mr A. Fergus son ; Rosftncrantz, Mr W. Mardon ; Luci anus, Master Keeling; Ghost, Mr Morey Rendel). Proper dresses were worn, and the whole of the performers exhibited a freedom which denoted a close study of jtheir respec tive parts. It is only fair to say, however, Mr Rodman's Samlet was such as at once placed that gentleman beyond the reach of ordinary amateurs; but while this was noticeable, instead of throwing others in the shade it was directed rather in the way of helping out weaker partB, and thus contribu ted much to the success of the whole. The King and Queen were both well placed, while Polonius would have done credit to any com pany. Horatio had little to do, but as usual, he did it well, Ophelia hod by no means an easy task, aud Miss Aneon is deserving of "praise fo) the representation, especially as it 'was her first app'earance. We are bound to | refer to the clear enunciation of Miss Eergusson, ! as the Player Q.uee". There was no hiteli oi any kind, not the slightest prompting being required throughout. The Wallaroo Mines String Band, with Mr S. Thomas as leader formed the orchestra, and added very much to the enjoyment of the evening. The second part of the entertainment was in the form of a con ert, being opened bv au overture, Kabucodonsor, by the Misses Garner, which was played most artisically. Tbe Kadina Choral Society followed with the Gipsy Chorus, which was loudly ap plauded* Mr W. H. Letheby was very successful with the Scout, bat his beat effort was The Paririe on Fire, the accompaniment, a most brilliant one, being played by Miss Nelhe Gamer. ,M-r« Coitman and Mr Be we were encored in the dust, The Pilot Brave. The greatest hit of the evening, however, was the reciting of Tennyson's Charge of of the Light Brigade, by Miss LUlie Rodman, i Uffle cfot, aged four years,. The piece w«s gifen in a wav that would liave done credit to one of mature year3, and she was vociferously enfeorod, retiring amid a shower of floral offerings. The Camavnle by tbe Choral Society, was followed by a solo and invi sible Chorus/Eimemaystealtbeltoses, the solo being sustained by Miss G-urner. Mis Colt mai sang Killarney splendidly, and was loudly applauded at the conclusion of each Terse. The Choral Society nest sang We Rock away on the Billows Gay, after which Miss Sparkman with 'her usual success sang Memory's Golden Shore, an invisible chorus being supplied by the Choral Society. Mr Price fairly bronght the* house down in bis fast changing characters impersonating the " Soldier" and the " Sailor." Mr Thomas sang We meet Again, very nicely. The singing of the National Anthem brought the proceedings to a close. The hall was densely crowded throughout,, and everyone seemed to be highly satisfied with the performance. The accempaniments were played by Mis* Opie and Miss Nellie Garner. Dydd G-Wsx Dewi.—" The following clipped from the Megitter will be of interest to our numerous Weloh readers in Wallaroo. A meeting of Welshmen was held at Kinder- ' man's Coffee Saloon on Saturday evening for the purpose of organizing a movement to commemorate St David's Day. Mr David Davies, J.P., of Prospect, presided, and there were eleven gentlemen present. After some discussion it was decided.to hold a national musical and literary gathering on March 1 next, and a committee was appointed to carry out the object. During the previous week an advertisement appeard ia the columns of tho-ffes>w£ercomprebendable only by those ini tiated in the Welsh language. It was beaded • Dydd Gw*l Dewi," meaning St. David's Day. This.was followed by the word '• Linn fairpwllgwyngyllgogerchwyrndrobwliysiiiogo gogocharfenai/' which is the longest in tbe language, and contains no less than fifty-nine letters. The word, or rather confusion of letters, was - placed in the advertisement merely as a curiosity, and represents the name ol a parish in isle of Anglesey. Some considerable time was occupied fay the whole of tiiose present at the meetin . in an endea vour to supply a translation, which was even tually given as follows :—" St Mary's Feol of the" White Spears, near to the whirlpool of St Cylio of tile Bed Caves House upon the Menai Straits." The closing words of the advertisement—" Cas gwr ni cliaro'r wlad ai maco"—were also interpreted as " Con temptible is the man who despiseth his native land." A Wholesale Mcbdebess.—There was hanged at Steinamanger, in Hungary, the other day, a peasant woman from Szerdahely, named Lyukas Eathi, for a series of crimes which had excited universal horror. The criminal was 52 years of age, short in stature, and of a placid' aspect. She proeared a large quantity of arsenic upon the pretence ihatberhouse was overran with rats, and mixed the poison in little cakes, which she disposedbf at a high.' {price to persons who desired to get rid of their relatives. Her customers were chiefly wives who had got tired oftheir husbands, lovers who thought the removal of a rival won Id facilitate their own purposes, and even some children pur chased the cakes thai by offering them to elder!j relatives they might the more rapid ly come into possession of their property. Ljakas kil'ed two husbands of her ©wife and she was accused of -twenty-six other niorders3 aix of which ehe .confessed she had committ ed. At her trial this arch- poisoner assumed an air of great piety,- cJBJid , Btood the whole day wish a rosary in her iiasd, she -being a memfee* of oBoeary Club founded by the Dominicans. The result of tbe -trial was that, she was. sentenced to » long term of penal servitude; but the Crow a appealed against this inadequate issue, and the Court of Appeal eentenced her to death. A Financing J.P.—A correspondent eaye, numerous are the amusing stories related concerning some of our up-country J.P's but the following, the truth of which X can ■vouch for, is one of the best I have heard. There lives at present in one of our agricul tural areas, a J.P., who is looked upon as" an all-round man," as ■"vhilst he •wears a tnOBfc judicial air during the week, on Sabbath he ministers to the spiritual wants of his feljow men. He has a neighbor, who, I believe, ■was acquainted with him in years gone by, when they lived in a district where. the rainfall was more favourable. Tbe neighbour happened to be hard up, and . our 1 pious friend was good enough to (to use a 1 common expression) to assist him with paper, [ and very properly, being a man of business charged the current rate of interest. Since they have settled in the locality where they now reside, however, the tables have been slightly turned, and it has come to be tbe J.P.'s turn to be obliged. His friend remem bering 4 Auld Lang Syne' and thinking that one good turn deserved another, readily endorsed a certain document ; but shortly after was somewhat surprised to find that he was also charged interest for this. He immediately repaired to his judicial friend and addressed him somewhat as follows:— '•How is this ? In years gone by when you | obliged me I saw tbe justice of your charging me interest for taking the risk although no actual cash was advanced. But now that X have taken the risk on your behalf I cannot i understand why I should have still to pay | interest. I am not a man of business, but if | you will make out a statement and explain i tbe system by which you arrive at such a result I will get a friend to look it over, and if it is right I fwill pay you." The J.P.— t Highly indignant—" My dear Sir, the cases j are precisely the same. I should never j dream of adopting the course you propose to satisfy one who would suspect me of j wrong doing. Not at all." For fear that I i should get into the same fix as the London | Times I shall refrain from commenting ou [ this case while it is subjudice, a condition in which it is likely to remain for a short time. The Joyces oe Joyce cottktry (writes an Irish correspondent of an English paper) are ! originally a Welsh race, who cams over and I settled among the Galway mountains under J ilie O'Flaliertys, of whom it was written over Galway gates, " From the bloody O'Fia hertys, good Lord, deliver us !" When the O'Fiahevtys and other tribes were dealt with as enemies of the Pale, the Joyces were ! counted as English and as friends, and allowed free ingress and egress from tbe city. They are a tall, powerful race of men des cribed in old annals as gigantic, and are determined in character, for evil or for good. A story is told of one of them that in a faction figUt at a fair be seized by the shafts a Cart without wheels that was lying on tbe ground, and brandishing it before him quickly dispelled the quarrelling crowd. Thpy intermarry and keep among themselves. Up in the fastnesses of their mountains half starved families live in isolated Bpots almost, inaccessible to doctor, schoolmaster, or priest. Anthony Joyce, however, the chief witness who followed the murderers so persistently through bog, brake, and over mountain, and gave them up to justice, is especially intelli gent, and speaks both English and Irish well. Pbesedent <3-aepiezj>'s Medicai, Bra.— The American Government has at last taken in handthe ungracious task ;ot auditing the expenses of G-eneral Q-ariield's illness, and the physicians have presented their accounts. Dr. Bliss and Dr. Hamilton claim each 25,000 dole., while Dr. Agaew estimates the value of his services at the more modest sum of 14,700dols. The fourth doctor has not yet sent in his bill. Unfortunately, Con gress allotted only 35,000dols. in all as fees for the physicians, and no one seems to know very clearly how the unexpectedly high , charges of the leeches are to be met. The j question is complicated by the glowing con- j viction that their blunders really caused the President's death. Professor Esmarch, the eminent Burgeon, declares that the wound was not necessarily mortal, and that the suppuration which caused death was produc ed by repeated probing. "Tfad.no search be«n made for the ball, and had the wound been properly drpssed so as to exclude germs, the President," he asserts, *- -would be alive to-day." Tbe medical attendants have, indeed, themselves confessed to extraordinary blunders in their diagnosis. Cbicket Exteaobdihaey.—"Mid-On" in the Melbourne Leader writes as follows of tbe dreadful energy of a cricketer on the Melbourne Oval:—"In tbe second eleven match between Melbourne and East Mel bourne ou Saturday, It. P. Dickson played the most sensational innings ever seen on tbe Melbourne or any other ground. One splendid hit into the tennis cou*t split the cover of the ball clean open ■, with another tremendons swipe Dickson smashed his bat; this feat was followed up by driving a ball hard into the opposite wicket and breaking a stump, whilst a fourth hit brought mid-off to grass with a severe injured leg. Cricket ware housemen must certainly appreciate the destructive strokes of cricketers of Dickson's stamp." A Hint foe Insdhance Companies.—" In former times fire insurance companies used to affix to the buildings upon which they took risks plates more or less ornamental, and which answered the double purpose of adver tising the extent ot the company's business and might perchance stimulate afire brigadier or a shareholder to especial effort if a con flagration occurred. The following story suggests the notion that" It might not be amiss for the companies to idicate nowadays where their risks existed. A squatter, who was addicted to the frequent use of the words "'you see," had his woolshed burnt down. Shortly - afterwards he observed written on one of his gates," Mr Macphairshon—you see, if you bad fed the swag men—you see, your woobhed 'mould not have been burnt dove— you see." - Mr M., aware of bis peculiarity, took out a pencil and wrote underneath, " You're a fool—you pee. The woolehed was insured—yon see, and we're built a better one with the jnoney—you. see." JEg lea. Dibh't Hjb Catch it Whejj.He Got Back !—Among a personally-conducted - tourist party of French and Italians .stopping for the nightat a Swiss hotel, j one sat apart and apparently in grief. A lady wishing if possible to relieve his : suffering, seized an opportunity which: occurred to probe his wound. "Ah madame/' he exclaimed, "I atn miser able, miserable, because I am poor! * I am on my wedding-lour and alone, be cause I was too poor to bring my bride witi^mel" v .. Seed Wheat.—The following- particulars showing the result of the various varieties of wlieat~aown in the district of Merrlton, iast year, will be interesting to those farmers who intend baying seed wheat for next season,— White Lammas is first with an average per acre of 6J bushels, then African wheat (Du Toitff No. 2) 4i bushels, Scotch Wonder (White Tuscan) 4 bushels, Hybrid 3J, Purple straw 34. A few newer varieties were grown on a small scale, viz., Du Toits No 1, De fiance, and New Zealand wheat, which bid fair to take welt to the soil. . Of the above Hybrid and Purple Straw are looked upon as good reliable wheat. In single instances the highest returns were—Scotch Wonder, 9 bushels: White Lammas, 8; Purple Straw, 7; Hybrid, 6| j and Du Toits No 2, 5J bushels per acre, the early fallow ground giving the best return. The Areas Express savs—" We Have seen on Mr W. ,J. Venning's farm, at Crystal Brook, a few samples o new rarities of wheat. The season has been moBt unpropitious for experiments, and only a fe# plants have survived, and that by the aid of partial irrigation. Nor can the value of the new seed be pronounced upon until the experience of a season or two has shown how it wiil acclimatise. The most promising is j the Hollow Straw Black-bearded Marico,. from the Transvaal, South Africa. The wheat stools excellently, has a good firm i stalk, and appeared to be most prolific the heads being large, and having the peculiarity of four or five sabsidary ears, branching from the principal ear. We counted fifty grains from one ear, by no means the largest on the planr. The ?rain is very hard, and the flour appears to be dark. Another Marico wheat has the peculiarity of the straw being solid, the heads not so prolific as the other. It wouid be interesting to discoyer whether this wheat wouid be rust proof." Coco an err Items.—Our Correspondent writing on January 16th, 1883, says:—With the exception of one or two reaping is over. Two of the dams here are almost empty. The only one left now is the one enlarged by the two councils, and it will be remembered by many tbat there was not a little noise about it. However, the promoters are deserving of the very highest praise., and if they had sunk another here it would have been filled even this year. Should rain hold off much lonjger, this will certainly give a good return. Ratepayers frequently make loud complaints about people storing water. They would do well if they were to call a meeting and get a stop, if possible, put to it at once. I know on" or two who have quite filled their tanks and are now boasting about the way they deceived the conservator ; but, of course, he says he will keep their noses close"to the grindstone next time. Much dissatisfaction is expressed 1 as regards the men under the control of the 1 road board being supplied with water free of | charge. The ratepayers who paid for the j enlargement of the dam have to pay for the ! water,and it seems nothing but fair that i they should do the samejthing. Several say that they would not be much surprised to ! hear if they have to supply them free with bran end chaff next, and, further, they say ! they had better get the water from the same i dam as the spoondrain has been put jnto. There are no more signs of a school being erected than there was two years ago, and not ; the slightest chance of us getting a teacher. But, then, we are in the country and must p'at up with a little, if we do get accidentally over looked. In addition to these difficulties we have a board of advice, but tbey; don't do much for us. A few young men and myself, who have been suffering from temporary lunacy, thought if we got good crops we should be able to get married ; but, after all the shining prospects we bad in view, wa had to give up the idea. As might be expected ! the poor girls are almost, if not quite brokenhearted. There is one, however, com pletely gone, and has been sold perhaps half a dozen times, but means to do it, if possible. I glory in . his pluck for being so stout hearted over the affair. The weather yester, day was a perfect brickfielder—the hottest we have had this year. A Notorious Buicheb.—The following paragraph from " EamblerV notes in the L. V. Gazette, will bring to mind an old resi dent of the Peninsula.—" G-eorge Saint, butcher,' is rather inapropriately named. At all events, we don't read in th~ " Lives of the Saints" that they were in the habit of: bashing ladies with legs of mutton. Yet this iB Seorge'e particular weakness. He appeared before Mr Beddome on Tuesday, charged with chevying his wife rouud the room and flooring her with a leg cf mutton. Probably he con sidered that equivalent to giving her a slap, in* the chops. His Worship said it was a ridiculously soft thing for a man to take a leg of mutton to hammer his wife with. He should have taken a beef shin-bone, if he wanted to get in good work. Such stnpidity mulcted him £1 in and costs. 