: LECTURE.P--Rev. J; A. Soper,is advertised to deliver a lecture on' "laom c'Life," on Thuirsdiy evening next, in the" Royal Hall. W. M. Clark, M.L.A., will preside. "WOrK VANTED.-At 'Adelaide. there is: great dlstress amongst the working clases, hundreds' uneployed... -The' erection of ihe Parlianment HIouse will b bgun at once; allihe. materials being local.. Mischief.-The Council has been informed that the gas at the Swamp-road bridge is re peatedly turned of by a milkman nameld.W. Herbert. A letter was ordered to be written to Herbert, asking him for an explanation. TENDiERS.-The tender of Jimles .iradbury was accepted for channelling in the' tiree wards at the rate of four shillings and two - pence, per yard. For sinking trial shafts in.the liver, the tender of Simon Oldham was acceptep. JUVESNiI.E THIIEVF.-A little boy,:.about six years old, was, whilst out transacting some business for his parents, last Thursday after noon, waylaid by two elder boys, who touk all the money the little fellow had with him, which luckily only amounted to 2'd. ST. -Joi'S PRou;rESSIVE UNiON.-Tlhe fortnightly meeting of the above society will I.? held in the Lodge Room of the Royal: I all. The evening will lie devoted to sbni, recita lions. etc., and the committee have. Lbcen suc cessful in arranging an excellent prograuintme. VALUER.-The Borough Council intemnd to' effect a saving f -:4o per annum, by reducing the salary of the ?valuer from' ,too to ]6 6o. Mr Cruikshank's time of office having expiied, steps are to be taken to appoint someone for the ensuing year at the reduced salary. -VITAL STATISTICS.-Two liirths anl one death at -Footscray, and one death at aid-' Sstone,were registered during the week erdint. jtuih .There ;ire nit btirths inid-i icatt;: thcame peri ; of therlatte-i a i re mtait" under. one year. : ". DUTY re STAsts.--W ae e promised that after Ist July all stamp payments, whether fee, duty oi postage may ie made with either. forn of stamps of the proper .value. The-absurdity of the distinction made between the classes of stamps has been pointed out repeatedly, but it takes a .long time to penetrate the official mind. IMPROVEMENT.- During , the course of Council business last Wednesday, Cr Cuming incidentally mentioned that during the last six, months; one hundred and thirty new hoices had been erected in Yiarraville. It seems that people still continue to come and reside in the borough notwithstanding the noxious trades, which,, it was sated, were driving people away. \- IftsTomokicAtl---SirThcodore Martin, who wrote the life of the late Prince Consort, had a hint given him from. -the Court that he was 'excteld to do the same for.John trrown, Her Majest'sa gillie. Even it the risk of offending, Sir Theodore respectfully, but firmly detclined. It was too much honor altogether, after acting as historian of the prince to to the same for the flunkey. ' NEW WEdIiiBRIDGF.-rThe consenCt of the Council having been given to Messrs Blyth, Irvine and Binndy to erect a weighbridge in Sims street, available for thpuli the ulic inn has purchased an excellent machine manufa.- tured by Pooley, and capable of weighing' up to seien tons, which is expected .to be ready for use in about a fortnight, : nd.-will doubtless be found ofadvantage to the general public.;" .Coo-EE.-Professor Saycce wants Australian languages explored, and says 50oo a -year was offered to students from South Africa to tempt them to ido Eo.- We should thihk not ! We have already explored it,t with about twenty' interpreters behind us, all yelling it out at once, and putting proper emphasis in with boomer angs, spears, iulla-nullalis aid waddys. We did a level mile, and six large trees in about 1.45 and left the rest of the exploration indefi nitely postponed . FIRE. -On Thursday evening about eleven o'clock, a fire broke out in the house of, a 'Mrs' Callahan, of Spottiswoode. '. The buililing, which was of'wood was totally consumed,- as was all the furniture and'personal effects.. The Yarraville Fire Brigade was in attendance, but their efforts were fruitless, in consequence of -.auo w nd.thaewas. blowing.-b3.house an'd- frnurre was insured in- the Norwich Union for £ So, but it is feared that the amount of damage is much greater. * , . FooTscRAY ASSE.MBLY.- Thee. committee have completed arrangements for the season, and will hold their opening on the first Friday in July. The Bavarian band has been .secured for the series, and the Royal Hall engaged in order to give ample accommodation to the numerous gentlemen, who have become members. Dancing will commence each night at eight o'clock, and be kept up until mid night, giving visitors from the suburbs time to get away by the last train. FoOTiALL.-The annual match between the Footscriy and North Geclong Football Clubs takes place to-day, at the rear of the Scotch Church. These two clubs meet twice every season, on Queen's Birthday at Geelong, and'at some other date at Footscray. They are looked forward to with great interest, and lovers of football will do well to visit the ground to-day, as the play is sure to be most exciting and interesting. In the evening, the local club will entertain the visitors at-a dinner, which will be held at the Royal Hotel at 6.30. Any member or non-member may obtain tickets fromtihe secretary, Mr H. -E. Lovett. NOT BAp,-A letter was received by the Borough Council from Mr Barter, Acting Traffic Manager of the Victorian Railways with reference to the extra gate, at the local railway station. The letter stated that better egress for passengers had been provided, and hinted that the inconvenience and annoyance complained of was more due to the roughness of passengers than to the want ofaccommodation. .No doubt this latter portion was written in consequence of a paragraph in the daily papers, stating that "the gates were rushed by some Footscray roughs, who carried the porter half-way down the street," which was a totally untrue state ment, " ' . RA?rTES;-Theli; noont ;of rot nds d arrears pid up toa-nt"l mnclusicc'of the "Iith June, in Blonou; .I,?NOTEs.-The:? Gorvisciit and the:l l'ugl Coiunicil have- arrived t an amic absle ettlement repiecting the mount of £3oo00 :due by the lItter,'in connection with the wsater. supply pipls, and for which the endowiment had I ce iimpounded. IThe Towni Clerk, Mr Orr; hadn. an interview at the department yesterday, a? -irrangedl for a series of ji.yments, extendi mii over four years, in all,; by wlliclr the deit. will be :ipied out. .,The firsttaynent' has becitm m-adc and the- endowment. susidy paid Cosr o' .Govn?rt'?rN.T.--At the opening of the National Liberal tCifi, Mr Gladstone gave -few interestin figutres, comparing the expIcn ilt'icur. 'tile i ion t"inir three years of Coii servativ: rule, an anan equal lime under a I.lberal rsCin.. .The former period gave 253. millions and aphalf, aid thel atter 259, but taking off the swiar thaiges, which were deblts left for the prirLen hlby the fast goi-ernment, andl cost of collection, the expenditure is reduced to 203i4 millions. Out of 25 yjears,Torygovcrmment hadl a5t.cd119 -)ctrs andl .incrcased the exruenditure 14 mtililiais; thle other'i6 years of Liberal aid ministration the increatse alhountedl to to3j itillions. As a rle Tories mnade debts and Liberals paidi theimn. It is just the same here. A HrEAv\:l Cttdilierl-Mt Bright speaking at the Liberation Society meeting, pointed out that the State church in England, so far from fulfiling" its mission of guting" the State in paths of righteousness, had, in -regard 'to the penal code, abolition':of slavery, thei burial qus?ltio?, foreign wai?, nmariaf?e laws', and the question of oaths, used .its mfliuenee'in the wsong liriction, andadcontrary tothe spirit of Christianity. :-.ieh the church was allied to the. State :lt.was- dumb when : the' State did wront, and was only heard when the State was willing toilsdo any act of justice to the people, and then its voice was raised against that justice teing done. IIe believed if the church was .dis-established its power for good would be increased. IlootsEF.t:ERs.- A large meeting of Imok, sellersan? stationers was held during the week in, the. Athenaum. . The meeting had been convened byl Mr J. C. C. Schiltd, to consider the best means of bringing influence to bear on the Ediuccation Department, for the purpose of prieventing the sale of State School requisites in Melbourne andt suburbs, by State School teachers. . After Mr Schild had addressed the meetihg, several complaints in the matter were laid before the Chairman, who suggested that the smeeting adjourn for a month to prepare a .locuinent on the subject,- to be handed to the Minister of Iducation. This course w-asarccd io.; At'thiet.nmt e meeting Mr J. C. C. Schid, was re- electedc hen. secretary to the.I ellxunre and Suburban Niwts-agehts Association. A Fr.vee' teri.-The residents of Brown's Ilill, seem to be in a most lamentable condtlition, as regards their sanitary laws, judlging from the petition presented Ity them to the local Council last W'iahdnesdlay evening. It set forth, and the Mayor fitlly endorsed all that it contained, as hei had nmade a personal inspection, that the state of the ioatls and footpaths was simply dis graceful, and that no channelling, pitching or mnetalling had ever :been done. They partic ularly caliel attention i t te large number of coes that were allowed to w.ainder at large," nmaking the:fplace, after a little rain, in an almost impassable condition, andt earnestly re uditeil - the- Cotncil to :get an inspection made, with a view of helping them. The sur veyor and Inispector of Nuisances have been reqlueested to report on the matter. ul?(utt il\TrTON.--The' question of immigia ion was touched upon at the Council meeting Iast WVudltes:lav. A circular was received from tl e Secretary of the Newham Shire, asking the Council to appdint a delegate to attend a dcpu tation to.wast on the Chief Secretary, to induce ihim to'confer.with the Governments of the other colonies as to the feasibility of in some way inducing the middle and laboring classes of the inother.country to emigrate hither. It was mentioned in the circular that the plan Iproposied by .Mr Twopenny, viz.; to hold an Australiam Exhibition in-England in 185, was .?o-nidcrert-.se one. Several of the question of immigration; and after some dis cussion it wsas decided, by the casting vote of the Mayor, that the Mayor be appointed to act as a delegate. :Crs Johnson and the Mayor warmly supported the idea of inducing people to emigrate here, but at-their own expense. L.O.L-A meeting of delegates from the various lodges of the institution was held at Castlemaine on Wedriesday, the sR.W.G.M., l)r. Gilchrist, L.LD.,'presiding, anti D.G.M. IBro. A. .Iamsay, of Wiliamstown, occuping the vice-chair.'" About sixty gentlemen front various parts of the colony, were present-the I'dolsmray anit V'arrasile ledges were repre sentetd by four cdlegates-anti soime important iusiness was tra?isactet, the sitting lasting till .seven pi.m-. AnlAaist other tiattters, thlaction of ilIe plllhic Libirary trustees in opening that buililing on.the Sabbathl was discussed, and a miotion afilriled "That the Grand Lodge dis appraircs of. thei: action taken by the trustees of thie Melltourne .Public . Libraryi in throwing open the institutios unidler their care on the Sabbath ilay, andl.resolves to withlohl its sup iport.from.tnemlbers of P'arliament and candi ldatic for parliamentary honors whio favor this fresh encroaclhment on the day of rest." The delerates were enttertaine. I at diiner by the Castlemaine brethri?n. ROADS ENCROACHED O..' -An applica tion has, been.made on behalf f Mr Harris to prohibit the Jtstices at Iootscray from enflorc ing an order made inflicting a fine of 40s with £i0o Ios costs for an obstruction of I.I feet of the'width of Paisley street. MIr Kiidston, on behalmfof Mr Harrs,: alleged that that the land in dispute having beeni purchased by Mr Harris a question of title was involved,- which was I ot in the power.of the Justices' Court to deal sith. Documentary evidence was also put in to shiow tlihat the land claimed bIy Mr Harris vas5ofexsrctly-the same dtlimenusion"as that -, qutire d finm the original holders and it was shown that rates had-been-paid for the strip of t4 feet claimed by the Council. Further, it was said that.the Council had permitted the holder of.land.on the other sideof the street to encroach to the extcnt of t4 feet on the roalitws,- anr.il:were isow endeavoring to make up ih- lefic·itscy by nip?iroprinatini s.me of Mr Hlarris' lan. i'he Chief justice auftr having hlIefacts ,rought before him granted a rule Ws. ircturnlable before a Full Court. WY?'uDIAti. 1Rc es.-A ver large number of people left Melbourne last Saturday by the stcial traini for the race meeting at the Werribee course. The programme contained fTWerSllitr-RiieeWyndhm Handicap;-the Steeplechase, and W'erribee Park Hanm'icp. The first race was Woti by Nymph, with Ard Righ second and Drumstick third. The next item on the programme was the Handicap :Hurdle, for which Miller, Stormbird anit Merry Maid. came in in the order mentioned. Thirteen horses then saddled for the WVyndham Handicap, which was won through some excellent riding on the part of Cracknell by lionnie Dee, with Coriolanus and harley Iree next in order. Next came the Steeplechase, in which young Rose was killed anld larlow had his shoulder- blade broken. The winner turned up in Magic, Peter and Y\'erlo being cldse 'up. The last event of the day, the W'erril:ce Park 1tianldicap, was won after an exciting race by th? Ghost, with Chloris and telle Brandon second and third, SER??EANT GLY,-Referring to our new sergeant, the IVarrtambool Indesindeot says : -A number of gentlemen invited Mr Gray, sergeant of Police, to meet them at Bruee's Koroit Hotel, on Friday last, previous to his departure from Koroit, to take up his residence at Footscray. The Mayor of Koroit presided, udl in opening the proceedings referred to Mr Gray's twelve years residence in Koroit, atnd expressed his opinion that a better officer., than Sir Gray could not be found amongst 11er Majesty's forces, and hoped that very soon we should hear of his promotion. The MIayor Lhetl asked all present to drink the health of ir Gray, which was done with musical honors. Mi Gray feelingly thanked the Mayor for the kind way in which he had spoken of him, and bhose present for the manner in which the toa;t had been receiv-ed. Mes- res Nuormant, D) ls, Keogh, \\\'ilon, Lans and tie Mau1r etlivciad he proceedings with appropriate songs. A ote of thanks to the Mayor Lor presiding brought the meeting to aclose, everyone feeling :hat a loss would be felt by Mr Gray's depar ire, as whoever may be chosen to fill.his place ere, the probability is that it will not be as sell filled, . 