\ l! . APPEAL TO CHRISTIANS. ,(To blie JSditoTy of. the Protestant Standard-) Sir,— Mrs. Uampson's- mission ia now, closed, tand;its .influences have bopniwidely spread, ;with- !,out regard ; to, any-section. of. .Christianity; like the j'reyiyals-of i Wesley, bitfield, /Roland,' Hill, ;and pthors.t,.,Thi8:noblq( ohristian lady.,has;awa!£pnett . many, and! no. doubt ; has boon -instrumental in exciting, attention ,. to the' simple , truths of ,ria- ' iiiini'tyVpV®ing;: '$>9. Gospoi , to'-- bo thefp6w.er of God f.io';' salvation ! toj eyeryptib ..tliiit .bqliovoth, 'whether1 Jow'.b'r GonUldi bpiid'of ' froe.' , V Tli'o'4 question ' now ''appears, to be,' ' how, is ' this 'awakening !t'o bo kdp't'aliye ? what succession is to follow r 1 seo'tlierenasoeen a coniorenco on mo Bubjeetj-'b'ut'dt 'does mot! Appear that any decided measure .1 has « been < \- adopted.1 1 - Some forty ; years ; baok, wo formod.- a colonial Missionary. Society on evnngolicaliprinciplos;;nand subsequently a similar j union/ in -which- clergy monof-the various don'omi- > nations united Jibuti, both:. were ,j premature;, and .were; therefore short-lived. Mav we not now ve- , suscitato.such a .mission ?in,Let.us,east. nside our i divisions, enfeebling,., tho _ cause . of Christ , and alienating' souls from, -the ,,1 Gospel, ., '.and, unite in . spreading,. abroad, ohristian fellowship.;, adopting ' things essential, and 'exorcising, charity , in things hdn-dssdntial; in .'the spirit"! S(. .Paul, (Romans xiv 'and'iWclmpters):/1 ; r;V 'Wo have already a,!0ity, .'Mission" and a' Bush Mis8ioh';'( both' wbat' and, ill-supported, /biit, both 'evangelical." ' Why hot- brijp-aft' upon thorn a' more coraprohbriBivri missioih' "Having o'rdaihi'od minis- ; iters evangelists,' ' unbound « andv unfettered", by ecqlosia_stical;ofdinancrs,. to earry;tlie good' tidings t ovory where, i casting, the, seed of-the word! -broad \- cast, in. simplicity- and godly sincerity; laymen co- , operating iyit.li them, not a; doubt but- they -.would ; ,bo ; well, received , , as .our. missionaries are and , those , of the iayreaderaiu- Ireland, without any question i or. oli'urch credentials. ... , a ; p ; j ./.'From/our disu nion'j which, God forbid, we should ; continue to perpetuate'; wo' iriqre'a9oqxpqrise!; wo ' fiiil for "agondy,- ' 'we,' perpetuate 'disunions! and spread /tliem bfoad-'V cast through .futuro, gene rations/ upon' 13 questions '' which ;!rill!/ broad- minded' / christians ; feel . ' ' 'pained' 1 , ' in," and rsubjects;!bfi 'rbproach:;ih wh'ich'irifldelsi rejoice and; the' devil' triumph's; It-'Is/ririjri/We'Holy Ghost; feels grievod at, - and- is ono of' the' chief . hindrances to ohristian extension;1- 1 therefore pro- poso a Colonial Missionary. ' Association, such as -contemplated years;baok; \ I havoiyot/' the.doeu- .ments, and will bo glad; to meet those who may be influenced 'by '.a catholic christian spirit .toj con sider the 'proposal! . Let , us remombor (that tho young converts made - under >, Mrs. vRampson'a ministry need fostering earo, and to feed the babes in Christ with tho pure milk of tho Gospel.' . Old as I am, I am ready - to dovoto myself to tho rmnqn. ' ' RICHARD SADLIER. No. 83 Kent-street,- Sydney. ' HUMAN -OBESITY.— Wb have recorded the ' death of ; the " fattest '' woman in the world/' a meinber'-and special curiosity of Nathan's Cleveland Circus in America,: who appears to have been smothered in her had. (Miss Conley, though the moBt. enormous; of ; her sex, weighing as she did 4971bs, fell far Bhort of that prodigy ; of human bulk, the ' famous Daniel Lambert, who died in 1809, ' during1 Stamford Fair, at the age of 40. Lambert weighed no less that 52st. lllbs., that is 7321bs., or close upon half as much again as the American lady. Daniel Lambert's ; coffin with his body could not be brought , down the stairs of the house in which be died, and the' wall at the sides of the window had ( to be broken away to provide an exit. Ho was 5ft. llin. in height, measured 9ft. 4in. : round the body, and 3ft. lin. round the leg. ; He never drank any beverage but water, and \- slept less than eight hours per day. The "Claimant," at his stouteBt, weighed only 26st., or less than half the weight of Daniel Lambert. " THE CURE OF CONSUMPTION.— Dr. Felix Oswald says that consumption is more easily cured than any other chronic disease. The population living at an elevation of 4,000 feet above the sea level have been , shown to be quite free from consumption. I What the doctor calls " indigestion of respi- . ration " is bred by humid climates and stag- , riant air. He believes in the theory of the German Dr. Koch that parasites are a phase . of the disoase, but maintains that their ap pearance does not amount to a death sentence. " Cease to feed the lungs with azotic gases," he says, " and Dr. Koch's animalcule will starve, and disappear." He claims that all except the last stages of consumption can be subdued by outdoor exercise. He condemns " the night-air superstitions, and recommends mountain excursions, even to the extent of a ' three-months' tour under the disadvantages ' of insufficient clothing and protracted fasts, as certain to effect a cure in a majority of cases. He points out malnutrition of the lungs as one of the primary causes of con sumption, and suggests fatty substances and sweet cream as the best lung food. A vocal effort, he says, does not injure the respiratory . organs ; on the contrary it strengthens them, and he thinks that consumptives should envy cattle-drivers, "whose business gives them a plausible pretext for yelling." Too many clothes he considers hurtful, whereby the perspiration is forced back upon the body, and the lun?s have to do double work. — ' Belfast Telegraph. " ARCHPRIEST SHEEHY CONTRADICTS HIS LATE ARCHBISHOP'S STATE- ' MENTS. The Protestaut Standard always laughed at: and frequently exposed the garbled statistics of the late Roman Catholic Archbishop . Vaughan and we are glad now to report that the Rev. Mr. Sheehy who is spoken of as the coming Roman Catholic Archbishop is of the same mind as we are. If we had written the . following letter all good Roman Catholics would have put it down to malice against their Church and refused to believe. But auivjy tiiey cannot reiuse to oeiieve one so high in position in their Church as Archpriest Sheehy, the probable successor of Dr. Vanghan. It seems as if Mr. Sheehy had ; been forced to listen painfully to outrageously untrue statistics of his church cooked appar ently lor the purpose of misleading and for: the aggrandisement of one person and now that the restraining hand is removed, the Rev. Father Sheehy blurts out what lias been so painfully kept back. The past Archbishop was fond of blowing bubbles and the coming Archbishop Sheehy has pricked the biggest 1 and most' showy Of them'. ' Here, is the letter as it appeared in the Freeman's Journal : 1 schools and churches in the archdiocese in , . . , . . ,1873 and, 1883. Sir, — In a speech delivered by the late Archbishop, Dr. Vaughan, at Balmain, on Sunday, April 15th,' shortly before . ho left the colony, -the following: statement was made , "When I came to this colony in 1873, the , number of; chapels and churches in the Arch- \- diocese was 53, of which 29 were in the city; and suburbs;' and1 the remaining 24 in the; country districts. Now, in 1883, the number of chapels and churches is 120 ; of these 39 are'.in the city and suburbs, and 81 in the country districts. In 1873 the number of schools was 34, of which 23 wore in the city' and suburbs, and ll in the country districts. , Now, dha,t(isi 1883, we have 102. schools, 62 in the city, and suburbs, and 40 in the country. The difference between;34 andl02 during ten years ;is, a- very remarkable, increase." When' I read this, statement in the daily papers, I' knew it was incorrect, and I concluded that -, the/ Archbishop had trusted to some 'one to prepare , statistics for him, who had not the necessary information regarding our churches and schools, and so, taking for granted the. truth of what had beeri1 furnished; tdriirii'/had unwittingly made a statement Aotr'in 'accord ance ;WUh fact/' been .made,, and that if it were riot' corrected"1 at least '/we' should ; hear rio'iriiore about it. ;' ! Now,' however, that ih; has been so often re-1 pe'ated, ! deem it necessary to point out where ' , , it. is erroneous. ; / This -statement is given < in , . . . , i. the , Life::of .the Archbishop just published, \- It was, referred toriy the Bishop of Welling ton in his discourse at the Month's Mind. It was taken up by the Rev. Father Morris, S. J., at the obsequies in 'England, and spoken of as the work of tett years in a man's life.:! '¦More over,';! happen to know that the 'same has beenforwarded to Rome, and it is- tllis last/ that has determined 'me to take the course I now take. I have before me, as I write, the Report of the Council ol jEducation for the year 1873. This '.must bo 'admitted to, be: an authentic document regarding the schools of- the time. , ; I find , that in 1873, there were '87 / R.: C. De nominational schools under the Council in New South Wales. ,57 of those named, in this . report belonged to, Oho Archdiocese of Sydney. . Many of these schools consisted of two 'de- partments having a separate teaching staff for the boys and girls although treated as one by the Council— the female teachers being looked upon as assistants to the male teachers. In addition to these schools we had several under the care of Nuns — the Sisters of Charity, Sisters of Mercy, Sisters of the Good Samaritan, besides the schools under the Benedictine Nuns at Subiaco. The Marist Brothers had also entered upon their work. And in the face of all this it is asserted, in a scheme forwarded to Rome, that there were no schools under the care of Religious Teachers in 1873. I speak now from my own knowledge of the state of the Archdiocese in 1873, and from information received from many of the priests ; and I confidently assert that at the close of the year 1873, the number of schools in the Archdiocese was 82, besides our two colleges, Lyndhurst and St. John's. I do not take into account the provisional and half-time schools which wero under Catholic manage ment at that time. This is very different from the statement so often made— only 34 schools in the Archdiocese in 1873. As regards churches, I speak from my own knowledge. I have been in most of them. We had at the close of 1873, 90 churches and chapels, I do not include the chapels of religious communities. Yet we are told there were only 53 in 1873. In a map representing the Archdiocese in 1873, which I have seen, Parramatta, Windsor, the Shoalhaven' district, and many other places are shewn as destitute of schools and churches in 1873, whereas now they abound. I trust, Mr. Editor, that you will publish this plain statement. I am sorry that the late Archbishop should have been misled in the matter of the statistics which he laid before his audience last April, and though late, I hope what I have said will tend to show your readers, or those' who may be strangers amongst us, that' we were not in the state of spiritual destitution represented, in 1r7r ' ' " <'< ' I am, Sir, ' Yours, &c.;, &c.; " ' ' S; J. A. SHEEHY. Windsor, 9th. Oct, ,1883. LUTHER: CELEBRATION IN ENG LAND.— The Roch says:; — "Arrangements . are being made, to celebrate the 400th anni versary of the birth, of Luther, in November next, in a; manner worthy; of the occasion. A strong provisional committe has been formed, aiid it is proposed' that all denominations should be invited to co-operate in planning and carrying out the details. It is probable that on the 10th of November a large meeting will be held in some hall in London ; that special sermons will be delivered on' the lltli arid 18th throughout the country ; and on the intervening days lectures and meetings of various kinds bearing on the movement will take place in all the principal towns in the kingdom. Music, which occupied so important a place in Luther's work, is not likely to be : omitted from the programme. "A PRETTY PAIR OF INNOCENTS." The following correspondence has passed between the Rev. G. C. Ommanney, the high . Ritualistic Vicar of St. Matthew's,' Sheffield, ; whose Romish ceremonies has caused so ritiuch trouble" to the Archbishop1 of York arid to' his - parishioners arid Mrs. Rose, tne superintends of St. Matthew's Suhdriv-school - " St. Matthew's Vicarage, Sheffield, June 11. " Dear Mrs. Rose — I am told by. the child- ren in Annie Royles class that she has been ! inviting them'to attend 'tile -Protestant Sunday!' school in Rockingham Lane,' arid ' I,' 'therefore',; now that she has done this, cannot'allqwheri to teach again in the Church 'Scltppl; J. I'jcan- not express too strongly my surprise! and. grief that anyone who professes':, to; be a religious person should be guilty of such deceitful and treacherous .conduct. ,1 hayo; allowed her to retain a; position in my schools, , though I know she holds opinions contrary to: those contrary in 1 the Prayer-book. I have' trusted to her honour; not to teach1 anything which might' be contrary : to my wishes/arid not in any way to use her' position to 'hinder'' ' my work. I'find now sheis. unworthy of the' confidence I placed in her. I am told 'that 'Miss Newton 'has been doing the/sRme' thing; ' : I am most unwilling to believe that she would, ; behave jn such a1 way. Kindly see that; Miss Rdyle does.npt teach any more. — Believe . me, , yours '.very .sincerely, C. Ommanney.". To this Mrs.. Rose replies-r- , . , ; " 30, Norfolk Street; June 14, .1883. " The Rev. G. C. Ommanney. Sir— I do. not know what ypu may or may not have been told, by the children respecting Annie; Royle. I should not bo surprised at'anythingi . some of tliem might -say. Since they 'have ' : had the' doctrines of venial and "mortal sins; confession to and absolution by the ' priest' thrust into their little heads, they are perhaps not quite so truthful as they formerly were. WhetherMiss Royle has or'has not been ask-/ irig the, children to go to St. , Matthew's Protestant School is best known, |to herself ; but of all men you ought to bo the last; in the ..world to charge anyone with being, " grossly , .deceitful and treacherous." No one .makes a greater show .or profession of religion .than yourself, and there is not, I should think, a', more grossly deceitful or treacherous; man' within the pale of the Church. While belong-; ing to the1 Reformed Protestant Church j of 'England; while: eating the bread of that' Church, while promising obedience to, the' Prayer-book and your Bishop; you and your colleague (the saintly Griffin, who from the pulpit stated that "some of us wero prompted by the devil when referring to the Protestant mission work) are plotting and scheming to introduce Pagan and Romish customs and ceremonies, and priestcraft into it. A pretty pair of innocents you are ! You 1 stand need to talk of deceit and treachery' while you practise your impious incantations. You ask me 'to see that Miss Royle does not teach again in your school. Please do your dirty work yourself. You are well able. It is not long since you dismissed her sister, and pre tended to assign some reason ; but you knew at the time it was false. Her sin was she was a Protestant and you found it impossible to pervert her to Popery. Shortly afterwards ypu dismissed Mr. Turton from his class without any reason or justification being given, and now you are working at Miss Royle and Miss Newton. They are the only two left besides myself, and I suppose, when you have got rid of them you purpose to turn your attention to me. I will relieve you of the trouble by withdrawing myself from any further connection with the school as long as your dark shadow is cast over it. I hope the day is riot far distant when the Bishops will be aroused from their sleep, and be made to learn that they have duties, to neglect which would be perilous to their: office, and when you and all such like will will meet with their rich deserts. — I remain, yours, &c.;, " A. Rose, Superintendent of St. Matthew's, formerly Protestant, but now Papist Sundav School." CONVERSION OF A FAMILY.— Pastor Chiniquy has returned to America. The fol lowing letter, written by him after his return from England, was copied by our name sake of Philadelphia, whence we take it. " A few weeks ago, the day after I had given an address ori Auricular Confession in one of the northern cities of Scotland, a gentleman asked me to give him one hour of my time, that he might have some explanations about our Saviour's words, "Whatsoever ye shall. bind on earth, shall be bound in heaven," etc. (Matt, xviii 18). After I had complied with his request, he said, "I belong to one of those Scotch families which have remained attached to the Church of Rnmn wtim. iW great majority of the people were leaving that church to become Protestants. But though, til! last night, I have remained a Roman Catholic, I thought it was my duty to know what you had to say, and I was among your most attentive listeners. I will not conceal from you that at first I felt outraged at some thing you said, and I came very near to leaving the church at the first impulse of my anger. But I was soon calmed and struck by the evident good and friendly feelings of your address, and your lecture was not finished when my former blind faith in the Church of Rome was absolutely shaken, not to say entirely destroyed. My wife, a devoted Roman Catholic also till then, was sitting by me. It was easy to see that your words were making as much impression on her as on me. At her request, after the meeting, I bought your book, ' The Priest, the Woman, and the Confessional,' arid we spent the greater part of the night in reading it from the first to the last ' Ijne, with the exception of the Latin , pages,. >vhicli. wo do not, understand. It was three o'clock in the morning when we finished. Itlieri asked my wife, 'What do. you think of this, book?' She wept bitterly, and answered, .' My. .dear husband, all that is said is true. „ Many.times.I have been scandalized and hor- .rified by. the questions put to me, not by all, but by several of my confessors. It is from those questions that I have got the first bad impressione of I sin in my poor eruiltv heart when I was young. That is the reason why I have delayed' till now sending our girls to confess;1' I have1 always concealed from you ; 'buk'to'-day T think my duty is to reveal it, tiiat you may not press me any more to send , therli f'o confess. I am fully persuaded that 'Auricular Confession cannot be ordained by 'r'tiie wiGqd;. 'of' Holiness. It is a school of infamy.' ' You have nothing to fear from ; mo-hereafter , on ; that subject,' I answered ; . ' for my resolution is irrevocably, taken, not only to prevent our children from going any i more to confess, but I am determined to follow the advice which Pastor Chiniquy has given us — to rely only on Christ, His blood shed on the1 cross, His' life given up ori Cal vary for the pardon of our sins.' My wife expressed1 her joy at my deteririination, and ; she said that many times she' had: the' same thought, but' she never dared to' express it." " No\v, Mrl'Chiriiquy," continued that gentle- marii' ".if is my stern determination to follow your example, and join the great Protestant family, as soon as possible with my wife and soven children. But this cannot be done hero in the midst of the blind Roman Catholics who surround me. . . . I will emigrate to America, and then you will help me to' know, love and follow 'the gospel or Christ. ' THE ESTATE OF THE LATE DR. VAUGHAN.; — According to the records and accounts; file'd in1 the; Stamp1 Office (says the ' Freeman's" Journal), the estate ' of the ;late ' . Most Reverend , Roger Bede Vaughan, Arch bishop of Sydney; is' sworn by the executors, the Very Rey. P. J. Mahony, Dean , of St. Mary's, arid Mr. Eyre G. Ellis, under iiGl,830, after deducting debts due and owing by t!he; deceased prelate. The particulars, are: inter- 1 , esting, and we give them in answer to, nutner- ousi inquiries as compiled from , the; official documents in the Stamp Office : — Money in- vested in inortgage, £24,335 18s. 6d; ; unpaid' balances on land sold, £3496 Is. 5d. ; real estate (unsold Lyndhurst property, market value)' as per Richardson and1 Wrericu's valua tion; made September 1883, £13,621; 18s. 4d. ; fixed deposit in tho Australian Joint Stock Bank; £1497 4s. 7d. ; money invested in St. Joseph's Building .Society, £10,500 ; cash in Bank of N.S. Wales, £1158 12s. lrl.'j furni ture, books, carriage, &c.;, £1067 lis.; gold, crosses, rings, &c.;, £150. This does not in clude the portion of the estate sot apart: as a trust for an archiepiscopal residence, nor the bequest of £20,000 from the late Mr.' Maguire. The" stamp duty paid amounted to £618;6s. We understand that the sale of the Lyndhurst College estate realised about £20,000, and that the unsold portion is valued: at £13,621 18s. 4d. In his will the late prelate says:— " I give, devise, and bequeath all my real and personal estate whatsoever and wheresoever to my said trustees and executors upon trust to my successor the Roman Catholic Arch bishop of Sydney absolutely. In witness whereof I have hereunto set my hand this 13th day of September, in the year of Our Lord One thousand Eight Hundred arid Seventy- eight. — Roger Bede Vaughan:' RELIGIONS IN INDIA.— The latest sta tistics upon this subject, founded on vthe census or 1882, show that out of the grand total of the population of British India, which is given at 254,899,516, the various sects, rind castes of Hindoos made up no less' than 187,937,450. The Mahomedans, who. came next in order, numbered 50,121,585. The na ture worshippers or demonolators numbered 6,426,511 ; the Buddhists, 3,418,844 ; Chris tians, 1,862,634 ; Jains, a sect whose worship is mingled Buddhism and Hindooism, 1,221,896 ; the Sikhs, who are simple Theists, 854,426 ; and those who came under, the heading of other creeds, or wore altogether unspecified, 3,057,130. The Christians /enu merated are exclusive of persons of Eurbpean nationality. The number of Roman Catholic Christians was set down at 963,058, or a little over half of the whole. Indeed, a . strict scrutiny; is stated to have brought out' the total of native Protestant Christirius as only a little over half a million. — Evening News. LIME WATER. — A writer says : If good milk disagrees with a child or grown person, liine water at the rate of 3 or 4 tablespoonfuls to .'the pint, mixed, with the milk,; 'or taken after it, will usually help digestion arid prevent flatulence. Lime water is a simple anti- acid, arid is, a little tonic. Pure lime, water, 'even though pretty closely corked, soon dpteriqrates , by carbonic acid in the air, which' unites /with the lime and settles as an insoluble carbonate. To have it always ready and good, and'at/no cost put into a tall pint or quart glass bottle of any kind, a gill or so of good lime just slacked with water. Then, fill. "the brittle nearly full of rain or other pure/ water, .and let it stand quietly, corking well.:' The. lime will settle, leaving clear lime water at. th'e 'tpp. Pour off gently as wanted, adding more water as needed. Some carbonic, acid wrill '. enter, but the carbonate will settle uppri .'theVsides of tho bottle, and freshly saturated /' water remain. The lime should be removed' arid a new supply put in once a year or 'so,; unless kept very tightly corked. . ' ' " ' THE POPE OVERSHADOWED BY THE JESUITS EVEN IN SYDNEY.' Now Jesuitism is not a matter of ^yester day. It is a secret organization akold /aB.tbe time of the glorious Reformation! ''The ori- ' ginal idea sprung up in the mind of a Spanish soldier, who was seriously wounded, at' ,'the seigo of Pampeluna. Upon his sickbed1 he matured his, scheme, and in due time it jre- ccived the approbation of the reigning pontiff. What' Luther , and his 'confr&rea;'. 'achieved, Loyola and his associates resolved to 'counter act. The stake was civil arid religious/liberty t.hfi wnrlfl HTrnr Prntfinfflnfiom" fullest success to - tho principle, 'des.uiiism denied the right of humanity; tp ariy freedom, and Would for ever keep inari ' the hound Blave of Rome. For three, centuries the! con flict / has, , been waged, 8orrietimes inclining to one side arid sometimes to the other. Liberty always in the balance, has been so often upset that its supporters have frequently become despondent, whilst the adherents of tyranny have in riuch circumstances rejoiced.' ' 'But in the1 heyday of power reaction; irivarioibly followed, arid then the Jesuits .were' cast down from the seat of authority, arid as history affirms; have at various periods been expblled from 'every civilized1 and partially 'civilized kingdom , in the world." 'Under the late'P'ope their power was in : the ascendant! " Through their means the Virgin Mary was declared to 'be immaculate or free frorn the fotil stairis of siri. The ' Syllabus also was > drawn/'iip'and arranged by' tliem. 1 It met with the' approval of the late Pope,1 and is nbw the' 'author ised guide of Romish eiriissaries everywhere. But the crowning effort of those subtlead- veraanes of humanity's h'estdriterests was'the decree of Infallibility; which the Council; of the ."Vatican pronounced'.' Tlie ! whole 'affair wris! so managed that the ordinary' rrieihbers of the Conclave seetned to consist of '/the-1 re- spective dignatones of the Church, while/the preparation and outcome of the Cbuhcikriiust be' wholly accredited to 'the Society 'of !'Jesus. Now they are the masters" of the situation. The" real power is ' exercised 1 by them/ '.and 'Rom'anism iri all its various ramificatibris'jhas been so absorbed by that particular society, which'1 was 'originally;1 set rip for its inherent protection and outward defence: : , ' ',lf "Thus" the "Head of tho Church bf Rome be comes subsidiary to a. portion of its members,' if this truth' cari be established. A paragraph has lately, gone the round of the. Press, fthat tho/preserit occupant "of the Vaticari' obtained the'1 Tiara' through an arrarigeni'eritWith the Jesuit'deaders at '; Rome before the- Co'riclave was /officially assembled. This niay " be a fact; which it is very likely, or it' may bo a 'fiction, which Jesuitical 'writer's on theyPreBS would have been; instructed to 'maintain. But'; yet it may be a sterling fact; after al its subterfuge8'havre beeri swopt away, 'when! the secret' ntuncevres of Jesuitism aro'.rinreyelled and brought into tlie glare of tlie noonday light. In its support there are sevorril occur- \- rences which, may be stated to sho w that . Leo XIII.. ie only a mere Jesuitical nominee. It may bo remembered that his own brother, Cardinal Pecci, was silenced by them. Thereafter, Father Curci, an intimate friend of the Pope, proposed a reconciliation between the Pope and King Humbert. The Jesuits . violently: opposed the suggested measure, and it had: to be abandoned. At a later stage he prepared a translation of the New Testament in Italian, as he thought that the Word of God should be circulated in the language of the. common people. A most elaborate pre face set forth bis views, quite in consonance with tbe enlightened opinion of the age. The translation was suppressed, and the preface exposed to all the raillery and contempt which those artful enemies of human progress are so'expert in the production. From that time to the present he has been silenced, and the Vatican is still at enmity with the Court of Kiiig: Humbert, and no modus vivendi can be found, or has been suggested, for their more harmonious concord. If,: then, the Pope was got at by the Jesuits, there is not the least doubt, that all legitimate power has been exercised by them, since/the meeting of the last Council, and the debiaratidn of Infallibility. They are not anxious to be recognised, only they prefer that their i puppets should appear on the scene. Nominally the Propaganda makes the ap pointment, but the name of the person for tbe vacancy is recommended by the arch frater nity.,,. In- this way Jesuitism has secured a foothold 'in ..countries, where otherwise its dreaded cognomen would only have been heard.., If the truth must be told, the late Dr." Vaughari received the Archbishopric at their hands. . At least the assertion was made in ,'Beveral quarters, and it was alleged j after his arrival, at no distant period the Jesuits would follow, in his wake. That they did come for tiie first time is a fact beyond all dis pute,,., and, through his instrumentality they have',1 got1' a finri footing in the midst of. the people. | They': were not only. fostered by him, . but uyen; extol l oci as the best and mo8t .. s ucr. cessful inculcators of knowledge of this or . any .age. ,, Besides, at Riverview, when their College, iw.as begun, the present , Attorney-' Generaljwas' induced to come to the front, - and set forth in all his rhetorical brilliancy,' the. excellency! of their educational exploits.', A notable member also was appointed: as Biblical Lecturer in the O'Beirne; Hall in Wiiliams-street. He was the same, person- years ago, who lectured on Mary, Queen of, Scots,, and advocated her cononization. Tlieir progress, under the patronage of the;, wing, of i the late, , Benedictive Monk, hasibeen ;most, encouraging, and at the , present ..time, they will not be idle in exerting their potent .in- ; fluence to, elect him, a like-minded . successor, . and in all probability will accomplish their, PUrpOBO . j THE PRIEST AS A GOVERNOR.— A French -writer, in deprecating the' Anti-Vivi section agitation, as .tending to cheok. the, efforts; and' progress of; scientific research" in1 . the" interest of humanity, says French ", societyjiir dp well to be on its guard against the false, 'sentimentality which has come ;to- us from England. Let us keep our hearts in- the ' 'right' "fiirepjtion towards those, ..who, are;' more than frogs, in need of our pity. Let us not confound the 'sentimentality, that deals with. , small things with the generosity which grasps/, the great question of .humanity. whateverrmay be the number of young. dogs that fall 'a'isacrifice to our scieritifib expend' ments, it is less than- that of the children who perish in our midst, , beneath our , tranquil gaze, for !;Waht «of care f-ittisless "than the number of agedpoor who languish, without bread, jot /the .iclbse'. of Wlife'of Itoil.V-j j trial.: which ,htas lately taken place at Angou- lbme,» may be alleged as affording' no' 'sliglit justification, of ,M. Albert ; WoISI'b . appeal,. to public feeling, in favour of 'suffering hu manity. The Abbe Blancheton, the;.Governor of an agriculture penal colony, in the depart- mentdftb'b''Ch'afente,"ha8 been' convicted "of gross (cruelty to" the; boys under Kis'Vcarei Shielded' Ay,. the influences twhicli, in more than one European State,- protect the priest and thelnun in' the commission of cruelty, the " holy abbe'" has been sentenced to only im- prisbrimehtj" for three months. This- good priest was, Jt seems, in the habit of, making: the boysmnder ' his cliarge strip naked j and iir that condition, he flogged them with no "light hand.J'J Not content with such 'castigation, the Abbe, revived the antiquated punishment of ear-cropping. The extreme "cruelty exer cised towards one of the youtlis of. the penal establishment was the cause of the" Governor being denounced to the central police (com- miBsary'ofthe department, and of Iris' being" brought'to trial. The revelations elicited by the -'proceedings reflect no credit on "the Church'; of which the Abbe Blancheton is a distinguished member.. In these revelations there is, nevertheless, nothing to astonish persons acquainted with the management of institutions by priests and nuns, who are , not subjected to the official inspection of the civil authorities. A fact referred to by the public prosecutor, in the course of this trial, is pne of common occurrence, and has been so in every age in the convent, the monastery1; and the Popish " Home," for young and.old. A boy died last year in the colony without any doctor having been called to attend .him. The medical practitioner who signed the cer- tificate'-of 'death observed that the. ffiody of ' the youth was' black arid blue, as if violent blows had boon inflicted upon the wretched child. . There could bo; no doubt that'lre had been 'th'e.. victim" of brutal treatment. It was shown before the tribunal of AngoiilSme that, as the Paris correspondent of the Daily News relates, " Blancheton, under the mask , of philanthropy, was a sweater for his own pecu-. niary advantage of unfortunate ,boys con demned to imprisonment. for vagabondage and potty larcenies. He had one of those private schools which are known as in dustrial and agricultural colonies, and which former governments have been too ready to authorise/ The 'governor of an establishment of this kind obtains from the State' seventy- five centimes daily for each boy, and is allowed to work him as hard as he pleases,' until he leaves prison, as an adolescent ripe for military service." The extenuating cir cumstances allowed by the judgment in this case were that the Abbe " had to deal with perverse young thieves and vagabonds." It is not impossible that the Ultramontanes may' proclaim the conviction of the Abbe Blanche- ton to be simply an additional proof of the- Satanic spirit of Republican France. A priest professing to honour the Pope and his Bishop; will, whatever may be his transgressions against secular society, live without reproach; from his Church. Here and there a wayward Roman Catholic may be found to express sur prise at his conduct, and may even criticise; his words, or his acts. For such criticism he: cares little. In England, where so much of union, in thought and in action, is generally believed to provail among the Pope's subjects, some few Catholics there are who do not.seem fully to understand the course pursued by, Popish Ecclesiasticism. One who signs him self "A Perplexed Catholic" writes to the' Tablet " I am somewhat puzzled by what I ; hear, 'i hear that the misery and poverty ini Ireland break the heart of Archbishop Croke,: and yet that he speaks of the extraordinary, fertility of the Irish soil, and tells us that he has been able to spend over seventy-six thou-, sand pounds, in church building/within the! area of some twenty of his parishes' within, 'the last iBix years. We are told that, in, the West the people have been starving, and living on sea-weed, and yet during that very period ; the Diocese of Cashel was collecting over two thousand pounds, not for the relief of/the suffering poor in the West, but in order to 'cheer on Mr. Parnell." What puzzles the . "Catholic" correspondent of the Tablet is no puzzle for those who are acquainted with -the spirit and proceedings of the Papal- Church in regard to Ireland, as well as to other portions: of the earth. For years the poverty of the . Irish people has been loudly proclaimed; in the columns of. the Press and from . the pulpit,- 'whilst large sums of- money haveibeen borne: as " Peter's Pence" to i" the feet of.tlio Pope.- ' The priests and prelates who, throughout/Ire- ' land, have displayedso'much zeal iri collecting' money for the Sovereign-Pontiff, have at nOh -time relinquished the exiortion of their own ; fees. iThepoor " Irishman, as is well known r ?is ever giving to his priest. About a fortnight' Ago, a new- Popish church iwas opened Kin a't suburb' of Belfast, a town? whereProtestantsi and Orangemen constitutathemajority. At the t High (Mass celebratedlpir the occasion, that collection made amounted) tcfthe sum oip>ne> , thousand six/hundred pbunds. At the evening; service W additional sum! of four hundred " . pounds wa8<feceiveds . ( All this-: contrasts; ( Strangely with the current tales of Irish pau-; perism. A due consideration of Irish matters,' hvould naturally induce pothers besides the', puzzled correspbndentt;:bf;the Tablet- to ask; dn reference tojmany .things connected with, the Emerald Isle1, " Have/wo been/misled ?— : Press and St. .James1 Chronicle. £ 'J THE ARCHBISHOP OF MELBOURNE" AND CATHOLIC BURIALS.— The -follow-'7 irig circular was read.frora the pulpit" of St.. Patrick's Cathedral St. Patrick's,; Mel-,- bourne, 8th September, 1883. Thoi Arch-; bishop lias been informed that the Burial Service has been read over the remains of plersonswhohadlod-badliveS' and- died -with-- out the;la8t(Sacraments,;;,and thatthe.priests who officiated 'atHhbse'fuhetals'wVfedeceived by persons falsely, stating, that the parties had . been- 'attended'by; a- priest imtljeir lastlillriessj-? In ordbr to - prevent, isuch'ia:1 violation' of the Law of the Church(. in. ,future, his Grace strictly prohibits all priests frora officiating "at f unerals unlesa Hiey kno w for ;certain;:tliat/ :tho deceased had received the last, Sacraments,; or, in cases, of sudden death, had lived, as-good , Catholics. .-The Archbishop w requests : f -the - clergy to- give the, friends of th'e deceased who were attended by them a certificate -stat ing that the remains are entitled to Christian bu rial Byi bfde'K'of/lbe: Archbishop."?-? p I : A SPANISH PATRIARCH;— -An old man", 93 years ,6f age, 7 a 'native fofrSpainjffias re turned from the United States recently, where lie Kins' been' fijHnganyea'tS-liis native'" liind. .1 The iprodigidus ' family wliich? accomS panied -him t back .consisted ,of , 1, daughters, 23 sons,' 34 granddaughters, A7t:grari"dsbhs, 45 great-granddaughtersr-39great grandsons, three .. grealgreat-granddaughters, . and , 72 "sons-in-law and daugiiters- lin-law, making in all 279 persons. The old man had been three times married, and his eldest son is now 70 years of age. The ship upon which he and his astonishing family colony went to Europs belongs to him, and is commanded by one of his numerous, grandsons. Notwithstanding his age, the old gentleman enjoys excellent health. Every day he takes two hours' gym nastic exercise,- walks for two hours, and directs the education of his great-grand children. He has never used spirituous liquors in, anyform", arid does not smoke. He will "shortly - be presented at the Court of Madrid;-— Irishipaper.:'''- BAD LANGUAGE BY TELEPHONE.— A: curious case has just been tried at! New, York involving the right of the r'ehter?'pf a private'telephorie1 to', employ in his communi- ' cations Oaths, insults/ and . the sort of "language,-, /known, generically as' " bad:" The 'plaintiff ; in the action /claiined "to have purchased "the ; free uso of tho instrument, arid objected to being restrained by the company from, trans mitting such messages as ho desired to.-forri Ward. The company, on the other hand, _ held, that 'subscribers.' might be/lawfully prer, vontod from Bonding by telephone messages calculated to provoko a breach of tho peace, and which moreover, were of an outrageous character, and as such, unfit for the ears of the person's employed" in the; officer ; The" court decided in favour of the ' company, ahd;; in doing so laid stress on the fact that among the clerks were a number of young women. As the post office authorities (says the St. James1 8 Gazette ) have power to intercept and impound post-cards containing offensive words, and as the use of unbecoming expres sions in telegrams is also forbidden, persons who wish to insnlt others from afar must fall back on the old-fashioned plan of addressing them by letter. A WIFE TO HER HUSBAND, j One of us, dear — But one — Will sit by a bed .with a marvellous fear. And clasp aihand, ' ; ' i j \ j j j Growing cold as it feels for the spirit land — Darling, which one ' One of us, dear— - . ; ' , > But one — Will stand by, the other's coffin! bierjr And look and weep, While those . marble, lips fstrange? silence keep, — ' Darling, which one ?'|> -j m One of us,: dear— ; /s;- But one— / . !.' ?! ,;o/i $ By ari open grave'will drop 'a tear, "" 1 , And honieward go, , j : The anguish of 1 an ' unshared ' grief to know — / : Darling, which one? ; . j ';? One Af us, darling, it must be ; It may be you will slip from me ;. Or perhaps my life may just be done — Which one ? — Philadelphia Protestant Standard. j A STARTLING DISCOVERY.— One of the most horrible discoveries of modern science is surely (says the St. James1 s Gazette) that of Dr. Domingo Freire, of Rio de Janeiro. That city ; had bbe'n seripusly afflicted with yellow fever, and'Dr: Freire/ in his inquiries into the causes of the epidemic, came upon the dreadful fact that 'the; soil 'of the: cemeteries in which the victims of 'i the,, outbreak were, buried -was positively alive with microbain organisms . exactly identical .with those found, in the vomitings,, blood/; Ac., of those who had died : in ithe hospitals' of ' yellow fever. From ,a \- foot under ground he gathered a sample of the' earth over-lying the-Teihains' of a person who; . had been buriedf about- :a year before, and' though it.., sho.wed, nothing; remarkable V'in : appearance or . smell, it ,was found, under the ; microscope 'to 'be 'thickly charged " withAhese : abominable'' disease-germs/ n ' .Many of ;' tli'e ' ; organisms were making spontaneous' move- / ments. In factlieroforeiithejcemeteries! are : so many nurseries pf yellow ,fever, for, every " year tlie! rain .wAshe's' th'e "'soil and '.riie.feydr'- .' seed 'with? which-1 it/ so 'closely sown into the' ; water-courSes, and -'distrifinteis them over tho ; town arid neigbbourhobd;' Says the' Doctor : 1 — " If eaclhcorpBe! is; th effiear ertof millioris'of , millions of organisms,. that are speqifics-of.il, r imagind/what a cemetery must be in' which I n'cw foci, are f ormihg/around (each. body.. In the silence !-of 'death these (worlds of 'organ isms, invisible to the unassisted eye, are : labouring..incessantly.. and unperceived- to fill \- more graves with more bodies , destined for \- their food and fpr -the 'fataP perpetuation of their species." How., torribly fatal these organisms are, indeed, , may be understood from the fact that the blood of a yellow fever patient ipjootedhiritorabbit killed?the.animal in ; an hour/' that1:' the (rabbi t's hi ood-'i n j ected - . irito/ a, guinea-pig, killed,, it, and., that .the guinea-pig'sbio'od injected 'iritoahotherrabbit killed it also,; so that thechain of destruction may apparently be end! ess, for each victim on post- mortem examination twos (found to have all its bloqd: swarming with imalignant germs..- t Surely ' the ' cremation' of all yellow' fever corpses becomes, in -the liglit 'of Dr. Freire's 'discovery, a public necessity. ! CARDINAL MfCABE'S ! 'OPINION' :QF -THEilRISHfiAGITATORSAT'THE' DUB- DIN R. C. CATHEDRAL.— -Gardinal M'Cabe, /referring to ithe' manner In ; which the Papal circular.! had been - recei ved by ' some ' of Mr. Parriell's'l followers; "said/ the great principle of unity, with 'Rome, which alone can preserve- the (.Christianity (of the world, has over 1 had most unflinching asserters in the clergy or Dublin. For nearly thirty years'the unbroken stream- of-material help'which has .flowed' into the- -treasury ; of the 'Holy Father, - 'despoiled : ,-of liisitemporal dominions by the enemies of? religion/' has proved that the devotion of the Dublin : Church was no mere passirig-Axpres- sion- of 8entimental dev6tiori.- Yet : this ' aid, generous? according to our limited'rnCans,- to the Soveteig'n Pontiff would be of 'small esti mation in the eyes of the Holy- Father if1 our filial obedience to his counsels did not corre spond .with our desire to assiBl' him in his temporal difficulties; : Is . it npt an omen of evil times when the children ; bf 'the .Ghurch5 con calmly listen to men wholly unlearned in the sacred sciences, whilst they proclaim tpthd woHd that/the"" HoIy'Fathbr has been influenoedrin-'his teaching" -by secular-'andun-'-' (vbrthj.Htetiyei'that . ho has passed 'out of his a own' legiriiriatoisphere - of authority,: or - that he has acted:in;ig_norance-;or on false in: , formation? 'Such/ ffoin the/earliest days, of the Church, has been the language of false teacHors/'whb/twhilst pretending to reverence'7 .authority, would cling- to their, errors, though - .condemned by the Church of truth. - - AN; EXTRAORDINARY BATTLE.— By a curious coincidence, M. G. do Oherville; of tho . Temps, was. in tiie very act of reading a wprk o£,-Sir John Lubbock onants, when ho wasyj jlpi'wifiiihss a campaign between ' two armies of those insects at some distance from his house. Five bloody battles had already been fought in as many days. One army was composed of yellow field ants, the other" of theUarge\black' variety/" The" scerie of the conflict was: a sand pit > where the yeL low ants had a citadel, represented by? a hillock about a yard in diameter. The blacks were the invaders, and they were trying to get possession of the citadel, and seize the eggs stored within. The most astonishing mystery of the whole business wns the. regu larity of the operations. Every day at < exactly four o'clock the two arrtiies met, arid 7 the battle lasted some ten minutes or a quar ter of an hour, to be then suspended till the following day. The invaders advanced from . the shelter of a wood in a thin file about five ' or six yards long, but only from six to eight inches brpad, so as to expose very little front . to the enemy. Arrived in sight of the for tress, the head of the column halted to allow the rear to pivot round in parallel line to the object of attack, an operation which usually . / took about a quarter of an hour. Then the two armies joined, and the shock was' terrible. ' Through the glass you could see the wounded ' quivering, with agony all oyer the plain. The dead were immediately removed, and the whole line of approach of the invaders, between the fortress and the : wood, was covered by bearers carrying their comrades . tb the rear; At length, on the seventh day of' the conflict, the black ants succeeded in forcing a part of the citidal, and, rushing in, bore off in their retreat the coveted eggs. — Manchester txuamian. i: 