THE QUEENSLAND TURF CLUB SPRING MEETING. Ten CuP DAY. This meeting was brought to a conclusion on Satur day, and though the attendance of the Public was not so large as on the preceding day, yet at was still very considerable for the second day of the meutig, and the results of the'takings both t the gate and at the totalisators cannot fail to be satifdactory to club. His Excellency the Goveminor and suite again graced the course with their presence, remaining t?ll after the Selling Race had beeno decided. The racing throughout the day was intereting and exciting, for though there was only one cels linish-namely; in the Brisbane Handicap-yet, with the exception of the Mares' Produce Stakes, not one of the events could be considered'as a foregonecoin. elusion, as the non-favourites had, exceptinthesup and Produce Stakes, a bit the beatof it. ' The onl thing which occurred to mar a most pleasantdafe sport was the accident to Mr. James Williams in the Ladies' Bracelet Race, who came into collison with the quarter-mile post, breaking it elan off, and receiving such injuries to his leg end knee as will probably confine ilem to his 4ed for some weeks. It must be eateeined fortunhte that the accident resulted in nothing worse, for, as far as can be gleaned from those best entitled to credence, Mr. Williamsu on Vestal, was following on the track of Lullolo ? ltd Kettlebreeks, with Panlie slightly, ahead on his outside. Vestal, who was palling twb double. was comning up fast, when it was said that the rider of Paulie called out to Mr. IWVil. limits that he would be on the pioet taid instead of keeping his proper track, oreven pulling out, was the cause of this unfortunateaccidenit. The aiding of the amateur jockeys was of the most eccen tric description, crossings and recrossings having occurred beyond number. If these occurrences ?hal not taken place. the race itself would have been a great success, for the whole nine horses coloured on the card camse to the post, and the welter -eighti put a set on the much-fancied My Loveand Ada mantea, leaving Blazeawayto.evin esilyfrom Ingle. sides, his opponent in tie Hurdle Race, the third place being filled by the.liighthly'tgtedulttleh breeks. The diamond bracelet thus 4ltesto Mrs. Callaghaun. the ruby bracelet to Miss M'bonald, and the neat and suggestive third bracelet-gold with platina bit and horseshoe clasp-to Mrs. Power.* Curiously enough, Blazeaway was so little fancied by the public that his backera received A11 for their investment of 10s. The fitrst, race ofAbthe day-the Mares' Produce Stakes-was. started jpunctually to time, and though it was regarded a certaintyfor the Derby winner, yet oat of a. total of 510 tielietans less than 146 were taken, on Messrs. Rutherford Bros.' Capitulator, who was thought to hae a better. chance over a .mile and a quarter, and hbadbesideas tilhe advantage of Watty Blacklock hi the saddle. Tick-ets to the nitilter a seventy-six were also taken on Mr. M'Gill'e O(li'eria, but neither had the ghost of a show, with Mr. Williamsi's Wlheatmeat,',ho, stoving like a piece of malhinery, won just as hlie liked by half-a-dozcn lengths. Tihe next race, the lBrisbane liHandicap, Ibrought eight horses tothe poet, the moest fancied beingMesurs.RutlterfordlBroa.'Girs, Kitng,Mr.J. Williams ea Satirist,and Mtr.P.M'flrnaldra Adventure,inthieordernamed. First'Water,7et101b. who was spotted as the probable winner when the weights appeared, was ni absentee. Mr. Finnie also declined to start Goldfinder, 9st 81b, and the fortunes of the all yellow were intrustedto Runaway, who, even with only fst 121b, proved unworthy of confidence. Gipsy King bolted, as on the previous day, and Satirist apparently had mattersall hisown way, coming up the satraight pulling hard, but on being tackled by Mlr. A. Tuckett's Pilot, who came withi a sudden run, hie chucked it up in the most unmistakable style as soon as he was asked to try, leaving his opponent to win bybhalf-a-length. This is not the first by many times that hehas proved htimself a veritable coward, for though lie possesses rare pace hlie invariably shows the white feather when the whips come out, and leaves his backers in the hole. Thie dividend paid by the totalisator on this event was the best of the day, each Pilot ticket receivinag £20 17s. The incidents of the Ladies' Bracelet Race lhave been already touched upon, and on its conclusion little time was lost in weighing out the riders for the PrinceefWales'sCup. Six horses tonly caenc up to time. the absentees being Hippy, Fairy Queen. Vestal, Gipsy King, Capitulator, and Oliveria. The Cup candidates paraded as usual on the lawn. and none were moreadmired than Wheat. meat anud Mr. W. Mooney's Rioter, who both looke?l in the pink of condition. Mr. J. W. Johnston's Miss Medera had suspicious-looking bandages on, while Mr. P. M'l)eonald's Htamlet appeared in far from good condition. T'ilhe result of the race was never in doubt, for Wheatmneat, who was admnirably ridlden by ytiung Devrney. came to the front ahen achked, settled Rioter in a few strides, and won with the greatest case in 3ntie. 44see.. a task which he probably could have accomplishled with another 1.ll. oni his ack. Mr. J. P. Joest's Legacy, who was ridden by Sullivan instead of C. Jones, showed to nio greater advantage than in the Purse, while the running of Mr. Finuie's Mledusawans even worse. It is certainly the worst mounth in fthle yearfor nmaresa, and to the proverbial fickleness of thesex the failure of the siometiume cracks tUust be assigned. Hamlet, who finished a good fourth, ran remarkably well considering his condition, and though under no cir. cumstances could lie have beaten WiVheatieat at the weights, yet a distance of ground is evidently his forte, and lie will doubtllcats suc a better day. The large number of IISIi tickets were taken on this ervcnt-M3 otnu Wheteatt, c ll on Riotelr, 172 on Lhgacy. 117 oil Mnldusa. 114 on MiEns Medo.a, and 7!ii lie ulamlet. The Whl'enitoucat lickets returned £1 7-.. be that the odds were aleut 7 to 4 against his winning. The Selling iv'ee only produced five starters, by far the motst fam?cild being Mr. .lost'sa l?hedive. who was to be stohl for £10. and c-uoscucnthlyitad the feather weiglit of oet 131h in the saddle. Mr. i. Newton't Kiug of the hing was also a good deal fancied, but Khedive run til the coer'se, ,alnthe Kinig stood ino chalince with lMr., F. J. Power's Kettlebreeks, who tWon easily it the finisih. There were nothing like so tmany enitries for the Forced ilandihap, tonly ninte Eulnitlingi their namies to the hao ~udii.pper, whoi wore weightel as follows :-Gold. fittler, ltt Slh ; Rioter, !?a? li4 : My Love, Sat 101l; L-gapiv, ?It 2lhl WhInital t?, st ; V-rinal.,st I121 ; IOltthh ire,'h, 7ct 101b ; li'inceaway. 7et Iihit, 7st 71iu. I)t th?,, the ipen iwas qnuickly paised through the nanoi tul? i iluhllidt r, litiht5r, My L.uvi, Wheat. n..al and littlhIel,:t. Icaving'e only i1'gasy, ?estl.d, ;lannn: ay, and il ilot to face the st?'ater. i thi he?e Lcgaey was it eo tce lmade a greatfeavoUrite, lut the good tihing die nootcoume off, as'Vestal.'ltho was w'ill antd patiently ridden by lBrightwrell..won cmnfrtablly, with somethinhg it hiand, in 'Pin, lucc.--- Leurki. 