MAGNETIC DREAMS. (From St. James's Budget of December 1.] Educated men have generally found some difficulty in believing that it is possible to give serious attention to the question whether there are such things as apparitions and such powers as those of second sight. The Society for Physical Research are making strenuous efforts to overcome this incredulous spirit: but they arc by no means thenr3t"researcherB" who have professed to deal with the subject by scientific methods. Many eccentric philo sophers have been disposed to think that there is something to be said for the popular faith in ghosts; and among these philo sophers perhaps the foremost place is due to Schopenhauer, who took such high rank among the original thinkers of his age that -he earned the right to be heard about any matter regarding which he chose to express decided opinions. As a rule he was by no means easily duped; but when he approached the subject of " visions" he seemed almost to lose the faculty of testing evidence. Hardly any story relating to the borderland between the natural and the supernatural, whether recorded by ancient or by modern writers, was condemned by him as extravagant; and in one of his essays he rebuked Englishmen (whom in other respects he considered to be far ahead of Germans and Frenchmen) for their scepticism as to the mysterious affinities and capacities of the human mind. Curiously enough, he at tributed our backwardness in this department of philosophical enquiry to the malign in fluence of the clergy of the National Church, who, he thought,denounced animal magnetism and all other "isms" of a similar tendency because they perceived the perils to which these sciences would expose their supersti tious religious beliefs. One of the fundamental doctrines of Schopenhauer's philosophy is that the world as we know it has not an independent ex istence. Like Berkeley, he held that it is merely an "appearance," The only real existence, he maintained, is "the thing in itself;" and "the thing in itself" he identified with the will. In ordi nary circumstances we know the will only as it manifests itself under the forms of space, time, and causality; but he con tended that there are states of the brain in which we penetrate behind these forms, and come into contact with the will as it is in its own nature. At such times we escape from the system of intellectual illusions which it is the business of science to investigate ; we are in the realm of absolute truth, which con stitutes the proper domain of philosophy. Even members of the Society for Psychical Research are not likely to take up higher ground than this: and they will certainly not surpass Schopenhauer in the confidence with which he drew conclusions from his ultimate principles. The states of the brain which lead to such surprising results occur when we are in "a magnetic sleep," and a magnetic sleep may be produced when we are asleep in the ordinary way. It does not follow that if we fall into a magnetic sleep we shall have magnetic dreams : and. if we do dream magnetically, it does not follow that we shall remember what we have dreamt. A magnetic sleep is far deeper than ordinary sleep, and in the slow process of awaking from it we may forget the spectacle which it has enabled us to see. Sometimes, however, the impression which the vision has produced On our feeling remains; and on these occa sions, if the vision has been one of coming disaster (as it commonly is in the wont of potf-ible wcrldf, according to Schopenhauer), we have what is called a presentiment of evil, and our presentiment is sure to be realised sooner or later. At other times our magnetic dream—that is, our perception of realities—may be transformed into a tort of allegory which is capable of different inter pretation!'. Of tins kind were the predictions cf the Delphic oracle, which frequently could sot be understood until they were fulfilled. Schopenhauer was not of opinion, hovrever, list our mysterious visions in their original form invariably pass from the memory; and be gives an example of one which he himself had an opportunity of studying. This in- stance seemed to him all the more remarkable because it related to a matter of little im portance. One day he was writing a lfittcr in great haste, and when he bad finished the third T'n^-p he irjtended to strew writing-sand over what he had written, m his hurry ha tciii-d. ihe inkstand insteadof the vessel con ?xipinE sand, ard dashed the contents over his letter. As the ink poured from his desk lie rang for the maid to wipe it from the floor. When sfce was engaged in doing so, the laid, ** La&t; night I dreamt that I would br wipiug ink-spots from the floor here." " That is not true,"'answered Schopenhauer. " It is troe," she replied, "and when I awoke I mentioned it to the other maid who sleeps with me." Just then the other maid hap pened to enter the room in order to call away btr fellow servant. Schopenhauer, advancing to meet her, at once asked, "What did this { girl dream hut nightT" "I don't know." 1 ?? Yes, you " Ob, to be sure," the maid then said, "aha dreamt that she would be wiping ink-spots from the floor here." Schopenhauer gravely point* out that this ?necaate is not only ; tuinrient evidence for magnetic dreaming, but that it establishes tiie troth of the doetrtne that everything happens in accordance with a ri?;?>d and necessary order. He contended that those states of the brain ?liii:h arc essential for supernatural visions uiby exist when we are not asleep in the ordinary sense. Among the strange ex )>ericrjces which we may undergo when we teem to be wide awake Schopenhauer classes J the visions which men are sometimes smid to | have of themselves as they will appear at some future time. In illustration of this he refers to the well-known incident described by Goethe in the eleventh book of " Wabrheit j und DichtuDj:." Goethe had said farewell to J Friederike, and was riding in a sorrowful meed towards Drusechcim, when suddenly, be says, lie saw himself—" not with the eyed of tbe body, but with those of the mind"— riding in the opposite direction on the same road, in a dret-s such as he had never worn, " pike- grey, with a little gold." " When I aroused myself from this dream," Goethe add*, "the figure immediately vanished." | Kiplit years afterwards, he asserts, he found | him self on horseback on this very road on the j way to visit Friederike again, wearing the I dress he had seen in his vision, although he bad put it on accidentally. Schopenhauer, who was not averse from teleologies! explana tions after a fashion of his own, argues that this waking dream must have been granted to Goethe for the purpose of consoling him. 1 The final cause of waking dreams may be, however, Schopenhauer holds, to prepare us for defeat and sorrow, as in the case of the famous vision of Brutu9 before the battle of Philippi. The ultimate will behind pheno- j _ruena may even strive to warn men who, "through some defect of constitution, are ? unable to apprehend its intim^tm—, At Mich times, although seeing nothing, they may hear mysterious sounds, especially sounds of knocking; and Schopenhauer's in vestigations convinced him that these sounds arc most frequently heard in the interval between night and morning. Another set of , "facts' 7 to which he attributed great impor- , tance are those connected with the influence which may be exertedjby persons in a waking dream over other persons, whether near or at a distance. This influence, he tells us, is often exerted by persons who arc dying. A d> ing man who happens to be iv a mag netic state thinks of sotte friend; and in stantly a vision of him, as distinct as surrounding objects, rises in his friend's consciousness. Schopeubauer cites many autborities for this belief, but also mentions a case known to himself. "A short time ago/ be says,, "at the Jewish Hospital, here in Frankfort, a sick woman died during j the night. Early next morning her tisttr aud her niece, one of whom lives in Frankfort, the otber about four English miles away, called at the hospital to esquire for her; during the night she had appeared to both of them. The director of the hospital, who reported this incident, de els red that such cases often occur." Whether tbe dead ever exercise the same power Schopenhauer does not undertake to say. The intellect, being a function of the brain, id extinguished, be assumes, by death; but* the will, of which the brain is only a mani festation, survives; and he sees no reason to donbt that it may bavetbecapacityof appear ing to tbe living or (without itself appearing) , of communicating some message from the unseen universe. On this point, however, he admits that the evidence accessible to us is vague and contradictory. But he is certain that in waking dreams men have often seen , the dead as they existed at some particular moment of their lives. Visions of this kind i correspond exactly to a past reality; and they may be called forth by the presence of a Irirlicpr relic, buch as a ooat or a drop of blood that has long ago sunk into the floor. It is not tbe dead themselves who appear, but the vision is evoked by an influence which they have left behind them ; and among othe* proofs Shopenhauer recalls the experience of the bot&iiiat; GleditEcb, who saw Maupertuis in tbe hall of tbe Berlin Academy of Sciences, of which Maupertuit had been for many veals president. ' The magical qualities of human nature (the word " magical" is used with approval by Schopenhauer himself) arc usually supposed even by 'enthusiastic believers in them to be revealed only in rare moments of exaltation. Schopenhauer, however, was persuaded that without being aware of it we are oantinuauy crossing tbe line between nature and the supernatural. Hence he warns persons who have an important aearet that in conversation they ought not to refer to any subject having the most distant relation to it. The faintest indication nay taffies, he suggests, to diaoloas to another mind everything that we are moat anxious to ?onccaL A lady ?nm aj&oA; him—"in ?*? . oourae of vary animated talk at thewpper fofcle "—fttat y^aipftiraennmbiCTeaenad, choEen for the lottery. - To her astonishment be gwerthriiwt two nmnfaprgwirrectty; Toe third waiwrOeg; but that-—i toocante she bad disturbed bint by ber ezclanktiont, awakening him from the state in which {if we may accept his account of the matter) he was able to read ber thoughts with the directness and the certainty of intuition. Alarce portion of the Australian exhibit* at the Bordeaux Wine Exhibition ate being roFfrvf-d for the approaching Amsterdam Exhibition. Every care will be taken to present them in good condition. Samuel Dargavel, the absconding Chelsea draper who was arrested* in Australia by Inspector Dowdcll and brought bade to Eng land, baa been again before the Westminster bench and committed for triaL As he could cot obtain sureties he had to go to gaoL A few years ago the island of Jaicaua ?-j? troubled with a plague of rat?. 80 vart veer.: the numbers of these destructive rodents cliir the growth of many valuable crj^s vrz, seriously interfered with. Fox terriers, feiretr, and other animal!) destructive to rits, were introduced, but failed to arrest th ; plague, bnt in 1872 Mr. B. Kspent imp-jrtej Bine muneootes direct from India. la * few month? they bred freely, and being diitri butcd over the island, in the short space of two years had extii-psted the rata, The bi*.ac ficral effect of their introdaction has be=o estimated at from £100,000 to £150,003 a year. The ruuDgocses not only destroyed rats, but vast numbers of saakee, toads, and rand craba. They have been since introduced with advan tage into Cuba, Barbadoes. and Porto Riao. Mr. W. Bancroft Espent read a paper on the history of the acclimatisation and utilisation of the mungoose in Jamaica, at a meeting of the Zoological Society of liondon, and threw out the suggestion that a trial of its services in Australia as a destroyer of the rabbit might be advantageous. 