A TUB STORY. By Biddy. New tuba, is it ? Well, Mr. Carpenter, no doubt they'll be a dale nater than the ould ones, but they'll never be the same to me. Am I attached to the ould tabs? Why, rare, if you'll believe it, IVe Hie best of reasons for bein' attached to them, for they saved my loife indade they did, as Fm a living sinner. Master and missus, as you most know, are well oft* people, with lashings of silver and the lcdke of that, and at the time I'm spiking of they kept them same in the house. They had no more fear of being robbed than I have at this minute, and they jUBt turned a bit of a pantry key on them at nighty and thought of no danger at all, at all. And no more did I, until the day come whin there was a grand party at my missus' daughter's, and she and he went off to it together. ?We mightn't be home to-night, Biddy,' says she ; * but you'd not feel afraid of staying in the house along with Nora f ? And why should L ma'am ?' said L 'Lord help us, how little we know of what's comin' ! ?Why should L, ma'am ?' says I. 'There's no ghosts in it, I'm sartin. ' And off they went together him and her, and (taster Alfred j and about nine o'clock Nora and me fastened the doors, and went to bed. Now, I've a corn that hurts me wonderfully because it's on on the joint of my big too, and nothing aises'it but soaking in sodawatec So, after Fd been in bed an hour or more, that corn began to burn and smart to that degray I was wild, and I thought to myself Fa go down into the kitchen, and soak my feet well, and pray the saints to better it. So, not to wake Nora, I slipped out as Bore as silk, and down the stairs, and never lighting a light, for it was as bright as day with the moon. ,^I just left the water in the tubs, and Stepping on a chair, sat ou the wan oPem me feet in the other, and let the warm water run and I was getting a dale of comfort, when, all in a sudden, I heard a twice that made the blood in my veins run cowld. It was steps and the jingling of silver in tbe dining room, and somebody coming through the passage way to the Mtrhen rm a little woman, by the grace of hemn, and can slip in almost anywhere, and it came into me mind that Brim was She lime to dip, and down I went into the tab, letting the cover down -ever me, with just my finger in the crack to get a peep, and sore if I dtdnt see enough to satisfy me. Two men— bad lock to them !— wid crape over theirfaess, and piatoU in «heir hands. 'I told yon there was no one here, Jim,' ?ays one. And I knew his voice, and the hands of him, with a crooked finger on one— a man that had been pretending to want work of the master. ?I heard something,' says he, 'and III look ?boot me.' Then he poked around, paping over and into ?The family is out,' said be, ' but that diva of a Briget might be here, or the other girl, 'Hey're safe asleep op stairs,' says the 'They'd better stay there,' says the other, ?for rd think nothing of silencing the two. This isa good haul. Jack— solid stuff.' ? Td as soon put a bullet through a screech ing woman as not,' said ihe other. 'See here — here's a pocketbook.' It was mine, with jist ten shillings in it, but I didn't mine me money at that minute. They took it out and counted it and divided it and they seemed in no hurry to go, the villains. 'The silver is in the bags,' I heard them say. ? Maybe there's clothes in the tub,' says the one ;and he lifted the lid of the one next me. My heart gave a great flop, and I gave up myaelf for gone. ? You'd be an idiot to take wet clothes along with yon, ' said the other. ' Here, while we're waiting for the chance to go, fcfs have a bite. Here's a good leg of mutton and some bread.' The impudence of the tfaaves ! But enure the next minute rd just lifted me head to pane again, when crack came the lid on it, and I knew the craythers were sitting on the tabs, taking their sapper. lWs» nearly deufwrth the blow, and I'd have smothered bat for the hole in the lid that was there, glory to heaven. And I ley stu% doubted np like a frog, and heard them chew. And whether it was the fright or the close Bess, I dont know, bat I fainted away dead t^t»«t; minute. Whin it was daylight, Nora waked and mused me, and dressed and came down. The minute she saw what had happened, she nulled oat into the street shrieking cor help, and in came the police and neighbours, andsure they said I was in the robbery, and had let the thaves in, «th. me laying nnknownst in the tab useless. They sent Nota for master and hubbub, and nobody bad the aenae to look for me, until missus heaven Mess bet, eaya she : ? rd trust Biddy with ontonld gold. Sore they've killed her. Look the boose through.1 And then she turned to taint that master run to the tab for water, and lifting the lid, sure there was I. with a broken head, and no knowledge in it. And the wander is I didn't get carried to the dead-house and identified for somebody else, the way it happened to my cousin Samuel that came back from s- bit of a journey to find them ' waking* him, being took for his own ghost. They took me out, and sure getting me straight was a hard job, Nora said, I'd been doubled up that long, but I came to at last ; and it was owin1 to my seein' them, and btrng able to swear who wan of thim was, that master and missus got back tie diver, and the thaves were sent to gaoL * I wish you'd poked your ugly head out of that tab. Miss Bridget,' says one of them in the court. ?But, bless the tube. I didn't,' eay I, 'and here I am to confound ye.' Yea, Mr. Carpenter ; now yoo've got the whole story, and make the new tabs if you like ; bat give me a bit of the ould ones to renumber them by,' 'av ye place. 