THE LORD'S DAY. (Preached by Canon Liddon in St. Paul's Cathedral on Sunday, April 8.) ' I was in the spirit on the Lord's day.'— Revelation L 10. What is the meaning of this expression, ' the Lord's day?' Does it mean the day of judgment? and is St. John saying that in ecstasy he beheld the last judgment of God? Undoubtedly ' the day of the £*Jrd' is an ex in the Old and the New Testaments. Bat such a meaning would not serve St. John's purpose nere. ne is piauuy giving tne^aate of his great vision, not the. scene to which it introduced him. And just as he says it took place in the Isle of Patmos, thus marking the place, so he says that it was on 'the Lord's day,' thus marking the time. Whatever, then, 'the Lord's day' may mean, it cannot mean the day of judgment. Does it, then, mean the annual feast of our Lord's resurrection from the dead, our Easter day ? That day, as we know from the Epistle to the Corinthians, was ob served in Apostolic times ; it was the feast which the Corinthians were to keep, not with the old leaven, nor with the leaven of malice and of wickedness, but with the unleavened bread of sincerity and truth. Bat it could hardly have served for a date; because in those days, as for some time afterwards, there were different opinions in the church as to the day on which properly it ought to be ?kept. If ' the Lord's day' had meant Easter day, it would not have settled the date of the Revelation without some further specification. Does the phrase, then, mean the Sabbath day of the Mosaic law? God calls the Sabbath by the mouth of the prophet ' My holy day.' And the language of the fourth command ment, 'the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God,' might well seem to justify the expression. Bat there is no known in stance in the New Testament of the Sabbath being alluded to except by its own name, -the Sabbath.' If St John had meant the Sabbath, or seventh day of the week, he would certainly have used the word ' Sabbath.' He would not have used another word which the Chris tian Church', from the days of the Apostles downwards, has applied not to the seventh day of the week, but to the first. There is indeed no real reason for doubting that by 'the Lord's day' St. John meant the first day of the week, or as we should say, Son day. Our Lord Jesus Christ ha3 made that day in a special sense His own by rising on it from the dead, and by connecting it with His first six appearances after His resurrection. On the day itself He appeared to Mary Magdalene,, to the holy women, to St. Peter, to the disciples at Emmaus, to the ten assembled apostles. After the lapse of a week, on the next Lord's day, He appeared to the eleven, having, so far as we know, during the interval remained altogether out of sight. The Day of Pente cost, when the Holy Ghost came down from heaven and created the Church of Christ, was also seven weeks after the day of the resur rection on ' the Lord's day.' And from this time ve fin4 hurts o£ the ob3eryan.ce# a? wheja St. Paul spent a week at Troas in the course of his third missionary journey ; 'and upon the first day of the week the disciples came together to break bread,' that is, to take part in the Holy Communion, and 'Paul preached unto them.' And in the same way when St. Paul, writing to theCorinthians, isgivingdirec tions for a collection of money on behalf of the poor churches in Palestine, he says 'upon the first day of the week let every one of you lay in store as God bath prospered him, that there be no gatherings when I come.' Now, this passage shows that the first day in the week was then recognised as the special day for special religious effort ; and that it was then connected with what we should nowadays call a weekly offertory. St. Paul tells the Corinthians that he had already given a similar order to the Gala tian churches. When, then, some years afterwards we find St. John, an exile at Patmos, saying that he was 'in the spirit on the Lord's day,' we see what he means. The day was already observed by Apostolic Christians as the weekly festival of our Lord's resurrection. No doubt on that very day St. John had held communion with his Lard and Master, in the great sacrament of His love ; nay, it is possible, as has been conjectured, that it was during tiiat service that he was ' iu the spirit,' that is, in a state of inspired trance, or ecstacy, during which the veils of sense dropped away, and he saw the invisible . things and the things that shall be hereafter, under such forms as were needed for the purpose of translation into the thought and language of man. It is the last mentioned of the day in the course of the New Testament, and after the Pentecost it is the greatest. The Lord's day, then, of the Chris tian Church, is the weekly commemoration of the great event which is annually celebrated at Easter; and therefore Eastertide is a fit time for considering the character of the day, and the uses to which it should be put by Christians. What are the principles which are recognised in the observance of the Lord's day by the church of Christ? The first principle embodied in the obser vance of the Lord's Day is the duty of con secrating a certain portion 'of. time, at least one-seventh, to the service of God. This principle is common to the Jewish Sabbath and to the Christian Lord's day. 'Re- member that thou keep holy the Sabbath day' means for us Christians, 'Remember that thon keep V. ?:??,? one day in seven.' 'Keep the day ho!-:'— consecrate it— so the precept runs. It is, in the original, the same word as that which is used when the conse cration of the Jewish priests, of the altar, of the first-born of the people of Israel, of the finished temple, are severally prescribed. Such a consecration implies two things. It implies a separation cf the thing or person consecrated from all others, and a communi cation to it or him of a quality of holiness or purity which it had not before. The first idea predominates in the remarkable order to sanctify Mount Sinai by hedging it round and making it inaccessible. The second pre dominates » the other cases which have been just referred to ; and the two ideas meet in the case of the Sabbath at the Lord's day. The day is to be unlike other days, and it is also to be narked by some positive charac teristics which should proclaim its dedica tion to God. Now, to this idea of a special consecration of a section of time, it is sometimes objected that in a true Christian life all time is already consecrated— life, as a whole, is owed to the Creator ; the whole of time is not less His due than the whole service of mind, and soul, and strength. 'How,' it is asked, 'can there be any unconaeerated time in the life of a true disciple of Him * Who died for us, that whether we wake or sleep we should live together with Him** Who died for alL that ?- .. ?- -.??'?? -? . - ?'??' -:?... ---i ?*.'? :?-.??? ???MiHi^giMMawaMaaa^aiHMaiMrtaaMHSMMil- «?? „ .'- -- ; V they which live «hoald not famm&MA; ttttf S unto themselves, but onto Him who died ftns ? them and roee again?' Does not thiaootue- V oration of a section of time ignore theobU-^ - eation 'to a aervice which knowa ao limits but the limits of strength and the limits of life?' The answer is, that the larger obligation of love is not ignored because the smaller obtt- : cation of duty is '''p«t*-fl on. Hnntw Htm being what it is, it is easy to do nothing by undertaking to do everything. Certainly the whole life of a Christian should be a oonm* crated life. God is not to be forgotten in &ft; week became He is specially remembered on the Sunday. But then a duty which is always obligatory is likely to be resoguised when certain definite times of recognising it am insisted on. All a Christian's time— you are ? right— is properly consecrated time. But - practically in many cases none at *tt would be consecrated unless an effort were made to mark a certain portion of it off by a special oonsecration. T te ease is exactly parallel to the case of prayer. Oar Lord says that a man ought 'always t» pray, and not to faint.' The Apostie sayst* : . the Thessalonians, ' Pray without ceasing.' And the life of a good Christian is no doubt a continuous prayer. The spirit of prayee penetrates it, hallows it ; each duty is inter twined with acts of the soul which raise itnp - above this earthly scene to the throne, ana to tie presence of Christ. Bat for all that, in Christian lives stated times of prayer, private; as well as public, are practically neoes sary, if in the long run the practice of prayer is to be at all maintained; and yet the morning and evening prayers of a Christian are perfectly consistent with, his recognising the Apostolic and Divine ideal, that prayer should be incessant in a Christian life. And in like manner the especial consecration of one day in seven does not by any means involve an implied rejection of the churn of our Lord Jesus Christ onjfc Christian's whole time. It is likeJthose small payments which are known to the English law, which do not profess to give an exact equivalent for that which they represent, bat only technically to acknowledge the existence of a much larger claim. It implies that all our time belongs to God, although in our weakness He graciously accepts ft prescribed instalment, or a section of it. And apart from its importance in the life of of a servant of God, the public setting apart of a certain measure of time to God's service* is a witness to God's claims borne before the world, calculated to strike the imaginations of men. Such an observance makes room for the thought of God amidst the pressing; importunities of business and enjoyment. Such an observance is like a great temple, a public attestation of what is due to God, - . addressed to the senses of men, making itself felt in the common habits of men. From this point of view our English Sunday, whatever may be said about mistakes in the details of its observance, is a great blessing. It brings the existence and the claims of God before the mind, even of those who do not make a good use of it ; and thoughtful foreigners have not seldom told us that it fills them with admiration with something like envy, and that we shall do well to guard that which; once lost is, &b; experience proves, wellirigh irrecoverable. A second principle represented in theLord'i day is the periodical suspension of human toiL This principle is closely connected with that; of the consecration of time. In order to make the day, by this particular prohibition,' unlike other days ; in order to make room for \- the acknowledgment of God on it, ordinary occupations are suspended. Here we have a second principle which is common to the Jewish Sabbath and to the Christian Lord's day. ' Six days shalt thou labor, and do aS ? that thou hast to do ;' but of the remain* ine day it is said! 'in it thou shalt - do no manner of work, thou and thy son, and thy daughter, thy manservant) „ and thy maidservant, even thy cattle, even the foreign residents who live alone ' with thee. In the Old Testament a variety , of particular occupations are expreEBly for bidden on the Sabbath— sowing and reaping; gathering wood, kindling a fire for cookings holding markets, all kinds of trade, pressing grapes, carrying burdens of all kinds ; and in a later age the Pharisees and the lawyers added very largely to these prohibitions. They held it unlawful to pluck an ear of corn when passing through a cornfield, to assist and to relieve the sick, although they ruled, curiously enough, that an animal which had! fallen into a ditch might be legally helped to get out of it ; that guests might be invited tor- ' an entertainment ; that a child, if it was eight days old, might be circumcised. There were, thirty-nine rabbinical prohibitions on the. Sabbath, of which one limited a Sabbatit day's journey to two thousand cubits, and another forbade the killing even of the most dangerous vermin ; while a third proscribed the use of a wooden leg, or of a cratch, or of .. a purse. Now these and other prohibitions illustrate the tendency in mere human law to become, sooner or later, through its excessive technicality, the caricature and the ruin Of moral principle. And it was against these Pharaisaic perversions of the Sabbath that our Lord protested both by act and word, reminding H™ countrymen that the Sibbath was made for the moral good of man, and not man for the later legal theory of tha . Sabbath. But the broad principle of abstinence froin labor, however it was caricatured in the later Jewish practice, was itself a sacred principle, and it passed on as such into the Christian. - observance of the Lord's day. We see this, plainly in notices of the observance in the early times of the Christian Church. They show that the great rule of the fourth com mandment, with regard to work, modified by our Lord's teaching respecting the duties of . charity and duties of necessity, was held applicable to the Christian Lord's day. Thus Tertullian, writing at the end of the second century, calls the day Sunday, or the Lord's day, and then adds that business is put off on it lest we gtve place to the deviU And thus when, under Constantine, the Imperial Government had acknowledged the faith of Christ, and Christianity made itself felt in the principles of legislation, wet soon find provision made for the observance of the Lord's day. Even for three or four years before the Councils of Nicsa, Constant tine issued an edict ordering the judges, tim; town populations, the artists, the tradesmen of all descriptions, to cease from labor on that day. He allows, indeed, agricultural labor to go on, if the safety of the crops or if th» health of the cattle depends upon it. And when we come up to the Codes of the Em perors Theodosius and Justinian, those great monuments in which the experience and the traditions of the great Roman lawyers are combined with, and modified by, the soften ing influences of Christianity, we see the ob servance of the Lord's Day carefully provided for. Works of necessity, whether civil or agricultural, areallowed ; othersare forbidden: ' public spectacles of aUMnds, such as the game* of the circus, are suppressed ; and the great teachers of the church in those centuries, the fourth and fifth, did what they could ta second the Imperial legislation, by exhorting* ' v Christians to abstain from works, or from sights, which profaned the holy day of the Christian week. Now, le't us mark it well, this insistence oa a day of freedom from earthly labor is not in consistent with a recognition of the dignity of the claims of labor. On the contrary, it protects labor. It arrests the exces sive expenditure of human strength ; it ' raises, it consecrates labor, by leading the workman to rise to acknowledge -the source and the support of his exertions. When in the first French Revolution then was a fanatical ignorance abroad, to show that the world could get on very well without Christianity, some important experiments : were made on this very subject, and thft ^ general result was to show that the abstl? ncDce from labor on one day in seven is enacted in the interests of labor itself* : Especially is this the case in a time like one own, when men live and work at high pees- . sure, when capital demands quick retarnsfor '.- - outlay, when competition is keen, and the place of a man who faints for a moment at his : : post is at once occupied by a stronger rival* who stands watching his opportunity hard by* It is sometimes asked why this abstinence from labor should be dictated to us, why each man cannot make a Sunday for himself, when his strength or his health demands it. And'' the answer is, because in a busy, highly worked comma&ity;, unless all are to abstain from work, none will abstain, since, in point of fact, none can afford to abstain. Why, this is the principle of our bank holidays. The State comes to do for labor four times a- year, on a small scale, what the Church does ~ : for labor on a large scale every week— namely* . ' ?; to make a general rest from work possible by an external sanction. And this is the prin» : '- ciple which animates that excellent move* ment, as I must think it, lately set on foot for early dosing. Unless in ' deference to some external authority, whether of law or public opinion,^ -tul 7 employers of labor consent to close their business at an earlier hour, none canaffordl . to do so. If the sanction of the Lord's day : to rest from toil were to be withdrawn, it \ would, in a civilisation like ours, go hard first : =:i; with labor, and then, at nd distant interval, --'- with capital. The dignity and obligation dC. -^ i --i labor is sufficiently recognised in the precept, ./ ' 'Six days ahalt thou labor, and doaUHtat thou hast to do ;' and die health, and happi- »?, ' ' ness, and -moral well-being of the laborer-is secured by a seventh day in which the laborer ; V is to do, on God's authority, no manner of -j: work '? -'' -a-if z.~£; And thus the Sabbath and theiiord's day i^ffii agree in affirming two prindnWas^tlie -lii£%i^ lowing of a seventh part of ?jSme, An4^ $ the obligation, of abstinenra from^«rv ^$ vile work on . one d»y in- wntaLtSbak-^m^Mi they identical! May we rightly. ScripturaUyi?:: cell ihc Lords 'day. tie^ Sabbafe* ' «hSI 'fe questions mutt be answered int!h«:wgatti«»i|i| The Lord's day was never identified^^fcafll JewiiASabbaibefowthori^^g^^pi ?BBPKSill IfTTllifWi TirniTiifiiiir i rtnr frona the old BBB|ggft^iS^5KteDt Which would have ffiMaMjHgnft^mw comeoif their mintakegjand ^P^filnttit age no sdiool «Z criticism ^M^b»ft«Mt' Accordingly, in their anxiety ^Mi * Bhtong Scnptamd sancfioii ior ^O^b^ance «t ti» Cord's £ay, they said IllplpieXord's day was ia fact the Jewish igligS&iifcdtliatalltiiatli.; said in the Old P^^&l; about the S»bb»th directly .ppUes lllplffPliiUL without suspecting it. they took ^^?^&nt; tie Sabbath exactly the position ^p*idi'jUie Judusera in G&latia; took np about ^arauneuacn. They said thataparely Jewish l^orffinance was a necessary element of the ig^Cfitiatian life. And H St. Paul had ap g-$earecUm earth in the seventeenth century, rstoliftetward*, to those who made so capital *V-smautake-aB this, is it not likely that he f^'-^bdd have repeated his own exclamation, *2 ^Oh,tDy well-meanin&hnt; foolish, English ^VJbiends, who hath bewitched yon, that ye -J should revive a Jewish observance in the ;%^l^t of Christendom?' '* -^ , ITfiieeondudedinournext.i 