FRIENDL Y SOCIETIES. He ftntaiditly me^thig of tbe Loyal BsHarat I-Adte, No. vO. I O.O.F.. *.as held at the Societies' Kail; Grenviile street, on Monfey niclit lout atteirfence was pretty fait, all ttie chairs being Elled, and the Sr George Cowdeli, preeidlna. Sick pay, w-oanSiig to £5 Sj ed,- waa passed for pa j merit. The correspondence waiiarpe, but of the Bsoal roatiEe character. It was tesolved that a donation be fcrwardul to the niOow of a brother wbo w«a drowned in the Saltwater &ver.; A ri^miiar waa received from the Hctbam Union Lodge snent tbe advisability of fnnnfcg a widow aad orpbana* fnad, aod aii-o Jorenia lodges fa coa- VMitiaa with tbe order, it was resolved that the trrraUr lie on tbe table- for the cext' two lodse nights, HO that; memben may oanaider tbe proposals In the- meantime. A ^asg brother. from Kctmca was adm'tted by clearance card. • A medical certificate was received on behalf of one friend, who-was balloted for, elected, and initiated. Propositions from thirteen nsw candidates were received, sad the n-nal committees of investigation appooitad. P.O. Br A. K. Say tor-was presented by die N.O. with a testimo- Kiel ia tbe shape of an illnmiasted address, handaotnely^ framed aad artirtkaDy engrossed, for bringing into ths lodge tbe greatest number of members dating tbe years MSI and 16SS. Thereceipts of ttie evening amncntsd to £23 lis. The oaaal weekly meeting: of ths Dawson street Congregational M.LA. waa held oa Monday eveninx Mr Vice-president Reeves ia tbe chair. It being " l*lter-box right," two letters were read, one on Ghosts and bobgtVblins." asd the other on " Rewards " After the letters bad been read, diacaarttm followed, several of the aenbes reconating their pereonal encoantera with-aappoeed gboats, end sin telling other gboet*toriee. Tbe next night ot Bleating ia "Junior members'Eight,"-when two-of the yonrger members of ibe aasociation wfU deliver fibortessiya. ^Tbe oxoal naonthly meeUEg of the execaMve cmsmftteesf the Ballarat sad District Mutual Improvement As»da ions' traion will be held thbevin" la the secretary's oSce, Ko. 3 Chanceiy lane. ' being the last meeting previous to the annual conferance, a full attendance ia tequested. Tbe usual fortnightly meeting of th: Bi'-larat Touug Men'a Christian Association took place on Thursday erenine Hut in tbe Towa Mission Il tjl; tbe president, Br J. Alexander, m the chair. One new member was elected. After the business waa disposed of, the evening was set apart for qiedil prayer, which was well entered into. Next meeting night the eyllabu< will be " The letter-box." Tbe usual meeting of the Loyal Fhteuix La A LU.O.F . was held at the loiige-rrwjm on Mob-— night, K;Q. Br T. Davis Jn the chair.' Tn tbe absence of the secretary, Br ^ilverlock. through Ulneat, G.M. Br Genrce Gates acted s« secretary. The report r-f the sick viator, L.M. Br F. G Dnoo was Teaeived, and sick p :y passed for payment. Two friends were proposed for memberenip After the usoal loyal toasts and songs were given, the recrfp'-s of tbe evening were anaonoced, amounting to £3 odd. 