CONTINENTAL GOSSIP. (FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT- "STELLA.'') PARIS, Nov. 9. The Government has done its best to prevent the celebration of the traditional " Hod Moss " at the Sainte Chapelle, which solemnity has been for ages the rally ing ground of the French Bar, whose members wearing their robes of crimson and ermine, proclaimed to the world in general and to the world of Paris in particular, that the "average " of the capital had returned to their sphere of action after their absence during their annual holiday. Up to this time a detachment of troops has always been told off to mount guard on this annual occasion found the beautiful specimen of ancient architecture, the " Holy Chapel " of the Palace of Justice. The interior of the chapel, splendidly adorned with old tapestries lent from the Goblins, a profusion of lighted tapers bringing out every architectural detail to perfec- tion, the officiating clergy- from the Cathedral of Notre Dame in their splendid garments, the group of Mini waters and high officials always present at this service, and the great gathering of barristers in their official costumes, combined to render the coup d'oeil of the old chapel on the occasion of this mass properly styled the " Mass of the Holy Ghost," but popularly yelept the Red Mass," from the colour of the barristers' gowns-one of the most picturesque and imposing sights to be seen in Paris. The 3rd of November is the day on which, for hundreds of years, this imposing gathering has taken place, as a sign that winter is upon us, that Summer wanderings are over for the current year, that the various law courts are again opening their doors and resuming their sittings, and that the members of the Paris Bar are at the service of clients in need of their services. In order to discourage the public celebration so completely at cross purposes with the war now being waged against the religious idea by the powers that be, the Minister of Public Worship, the atheistic vivisection, M. , Paul Bert, published a notice to the effect that attend- i ance on ''The Mass of the Holy Ghost was in no way obligatory on the barristers of the capital, and that the presence of soldiers on that occasion would not be allowed. But the barristers, attached to their old observances, and by no means disposed to relinquish the ' occasion thus afforded for seeing and being seen, determined to have their " Red Mass '' as usual, posted all the employees of the various courts in uniform to make up for the absence of soldiers, had the chapel decorated i as usual, and attended the service, which was conducted by the Cardinal-Archbishop of Paris in person, with an imposing group of priests and had the satisfaction of keeping up, with the same stately ceremony, the traditional celebration to which, whatever their religious views, they attach, from esprit de corps, a very high importance, I The decision of the Paris Bar appears to have decided the action of the barristers in all the great provincial centres, where " the Red Mass " has been celebrated with the usual observance, in spite of tho official efforts to prevent its taking place. The inauguration of the status of Alexander Dumas (the elder) has taken place " as per programme," on the appointed day, on the open space resulting from the intersection of the Boulevard Malesherbes and the Avenue de Villiers. Although the Auteuil Steeplechase took off crowds of dancers, the inauguration was attended by a great concourse of people. A pi it for a richly draped with gold-fringed crimson cloth, afforded standing-room for the personal mond of the late author of '? Monte Cristo," " Les Trois Moupquetairos," and the immense string of stirring extravaganzas evolved from the inexhaustible fancy of the author. All the , literary celebrities of the capital, and all the leading I lights of the stage, were gathered on the occasion, i surrounded by a vast crowd of the general public filing the entire place, and extending for a considerable distance along the two great thoroughfares opening a thereupon. The whole was surrounded by a brilliant , body of the Republican Guard and a strong detachment i of police. While the company invited was assembling j on the platform a band of musicians played various places, until, at the moment when the canvas fell from the monument, the features of the favourite romancer i were unveiled to the pathetic, yet stirring, strains of the hymn To Die for One's Country," composed by Dumas in 1848, and which was the rallying song of the devolution that drove Louis Philippe from the throne, The bronze effigy of the favourite novelist appears seated, the head raised, with a radiant expression of features, seemingly lighted up by a passing idea ; the right hand holds a pen, as though about to I write in the manuscript which rests on his knee, The figure, though of heroic size, appears somewhat dwarfed by the height of the pedestal, which, half way up, is further dwarfed by a group of three figures, viz a maiden reading one of the works of the deceased romancist ; a youth, who is reading the same over her shoulder; and a brawny workman, who is listening to the story with an expression of the most eager interest. The other faces of the stone bear the titles of the principal works of this most prolific of romance writers. Dumas is to have a second statue, to be erected in the principal square of his native town, Carcassonne. The interment of Cardinal Bonnochose, Archbishop of Rouen, has given the public of that region the spectacle of a splendid public funeral. Two or three brilliant weddings have given a similar amount of satisfaction to onlookers in their respective localities. Nearly all the members of the Russian Imperial family are staying here at this moment, and are patronising the magnificent Hotel Continental, which is becoming a serious rival of the Hotel Bristol, which has had for so many years almost a monopoly of the patronage of royal and princely visitors. The Russian party has been splendidly entertained at Chantilly, the magnificent seat of the Duke d'Aumale, where several of the Orleans princes and princesses had assemble to meet them. Visitors to Paris being unable to resist the temptation to go to the theatres, despite the dangers of fire so pain- fully illustrated by the burning of 80 theatres within the last few years, the successful trial, which has just been made here, of a new system for preventing fires in places of amusement may wall be accounted a matter of general interest. The invention referred to is a new process, due to the labours of M. Gaspard Moyer, by which all surfaces are rendered absolutely inflammable. Several light deal frames, covered with painted taper or canvas prepared with M. Meyer's composition, were exposed for more than an hour to a fierce fire of wood and gas, the flames of which looked the surface of the substances exposed to this severe ordeal which came out into, the papa." and canvas being neither cracked nor strokes, excepting where the spectators had run their stocks through them, to ascertain the effects of the heat, and even then the fibre was found to be unaffected by the heat. This conclusive experiment having taken place in one of the inner courts of the Grand Opera, in presence of M. Yaucorbeil, manager, and M. Garnier, architect, of the great French Opera House, of M. Camescasse, Prefect of Police, the Chief of the Paris Fire Brigade, and other flrst-rate authorities in the matter, the efficacy of the new system, fully admitted these gentlemen, may be considered as certain. The frames thus covered with the prepared paper also stood the teat perfectly. Under a great heat, the wood might become charcoal, but it would not burst into flame through the envelope, By mixing the new substance with the paint employed (and the colours of which would remain unchanged thereby), the whole of tho interior of a theatre may be rendered inflammable, or a drop-scene be treated would entirely isolate the auditorium from the stage. The applications of the invention are of course, manifold, and are a mere matter of detail for the stage machinist, now that wood and drapery may be so easily ' rendered fire-proof. From the terms of approval employed by M. Vauoorbeil and M. Garnier, it may be expected that the new system will be adopted at the opera and M. CamcecasBa would do well to compel its adoption in all the other theatres of the capital. Beautiful American actresses are the order of the day. Mdlle. Van Zandt, popularly styled " Princess Humming bird," is in high favour, and great indignation M felt at the cowardly attacks which have twice been made on the charming little prima donna on leaving the theatre, by men who would seem to be pure, but whose attempted violence was happily being treated in time, We are now promised another and still handsomer actress from the New World, Miss Adelaide Detchon, who has just signed an engagement with the manager of a theatre here. Theresa is still turning the heads of the crowd who look to hear her, just as they did twenty years ago, and are amazed at the perennial freshness of her voice and style. She has a rival, however, in an Italian princess, who, to revenge herself on her family for some proceedings at which she has taken offence, has hit upon the strange idea of coming out at one of the great cases of this capital as a singer in Theresa's peculiar style. The Orleans Princes remain prudently in the shade ; but their partisans are increasingly active, and Royalist committees are being formed all over the country, " Philip YU,," on receiving one of these a few days since, at his Chateau d'Eu, remarked : " I wish it to be distinctly under I stood that I am not a successor to my grandfather, but to Henri V. and Charles X, The monarchy which I represent in the Christian monarchy," This was rather a hard blow at the memory of nia " grandfather ; " but the sentiment is the same as that which led him to take the famous visit to FrohBdorff, which placed him in the ranks of the Legitimist party, who thenceforth accepted him as the " Dauphin " or heir apparent to the Count de Chambord. The partisans of those who claim to be the desoon i dents of the unfortunate son of Louis XVI., are equally active and are gaining new adherents daily. They publish a weekly paper devoted to the double aim of pulling down the Orleanists, and building up their , own claims. They have recently published a series of documents, with every appearance of authenticity, to a prove that the Orleans princes are descended from an i Italian of obscure birth, who allowed the Duke do i Joinville, grandfather of Louis Philippe, to exchange children with him the Prince taking possession of the ' Italian's son, and giving him his own daughter in ox 1 change ; a large sum of money having paved the way for this nefarious substitution, Tbonawolaimants state that the Government has full proof of the fact of this substitution, and will publish the documents alluded to, I should the so-called " Orleans Princes '' venture on any ! political move. The idea of pedigree has prompted an enterprising inquirer to undertake the solution of the following query flow many ancestors, male and female, had each individual, counting backwards through 80 generations ? In beginning such a count-up, we commence with the father and mother, who make two, and who have, each a father and a mother, making -1. We then double this result SO times, which brings us to the sum of 1,073,7-11,821-that is to say, each person has had, in the course of 80 generations, 1,078,741,83_ grandfathers and grandmothers. As everyone among the 800,000,000 of the earth's inhabitants has the same number, the sum total of " forbears " possessed by the race since the thirtieth generation ago only, almost defies calculation. As the late Count de Chambord counted 28 generations up to Hugh Capet, founder of the Capetian and Bourbon lines, he possessed a lineage of I 07,10S,8i> 1 grandfathers, and an equal number of grand- mothers, or a total of 131,217,728 of the two, up to the 27th generation and counting up to the 28th generation, he had _GS/1S5,_5_ forbears of the two I BONDS. 2 In general we count four generations per century, which, counting from the end of this century back to the commencement of the Christian era which gives us 70 generations, we arrive at a total of forbears, for each of the human beings now living on this planet, of such an ocean of billiards as it would take many human lives to count up one by one. j Happily for the labourers of the various heraldry offices, there are no families whose genealogical tree mounts quite so high, unless, perhaps, the Dukes of Santa Croce, who claim descent from Joseph of Arimathea and the Dukes de Levis and Princes do Bagra tion, who count their ancestors up to the Deluge. j A second computator, taking up the inquiry at the point at which it has been left by the first proposer of the query, has shown that the number of " attendants" increasing in geometrical ratio with each generation book, the number of forbears computed to the 30th degree, exceeds the total population of the earth from that time downwards ; while, counted up to half the time from Adam, we come to a number of quintilliards probably large enough to people all the planets of our system ; proving, according to the judicious reflection of this novel inquirer, that the entire human race must have had the same grandfathers and grandmothers over and over again, and that, consequently, so far from priding thom, eli a on imaginary superiority of pedigree, i all men should regard one another as cousins. j A magnificent series of painted glass windows has been placed in the gallery of the Municipal Council, at the new and superb Hotel de Ville. These windows represent the arms of the City of Paris, and of many other principal French towns, producing a very fine effect. On two of them may be read the names of the Prefects of the Seine, including the last of the line, M. Oustry, whose ill-health has necessitated his resigna- tion. As a matter of course, the Municipal Council and the Prefect of the Seine are always actively and bitterly at war with one another, for which reason, among others, Paris is Dont you replacing the prefect by a mayor of its choosing. 