DRAMATIC GOSSIP. Morning performances are now very fashion able in London. " The Devil's Auction" will he produced in Philadelphia. \- The Catharine Lewis Comic Opera Com pany has given up the ghost at Chicago. Alice Dunning Lingard has decided to re main in London during the coming season. Emil Ascherbnrg, pianoforte manufacturer, of Dresden, has failed for £50,000. Boucicault's new play " The Amadan" has failed disastrously in Mew York. Lecocq's comic opera, " Prince Conti," has been revived. Professor Julius Stern, who founded the celebrated Berlin " Gesang-Verein," is dead. Reminyi'a fiddle was recently seized by the Sheriff for a printing debt of £65. The Royalty Theatre, Soho, has been handsomely refurnished and decorated. The first one hundred nights' receipts in Paris of the spectacular ballet " Excelsior" reached nearly £60,000. There is an annual average of 250 musical and dramatic companies travelling through America. American critics are severe on actors who " gag" in Gilbert & Sullivan's operas. Sup pose that in Australia this was done ? Madame Kistori lately played "Marie Antoinette" at the Apollo, Rome, for a bene fit. Miss Catharine Lewis bas separated from her husband, Mr. Arfwedson, on account of his extravagance in money matters. Modjeska has been following Mrs. Langtry about America, and showing the latter up by playing " Rosalind" immediately alter her. "The Young Methusalem," an opera by Jolian Strauss, is being played in Yankee land. Mr, Val Prinsep has painted a picture of Miss 'Kendal (Madge Robertson) as she appeared in Tennysoirs play " The Falcon." The painting has been severely criticised. Sir Arthur Sullivan was at one time a member of the Royal Academy of Music, and was elected Mendelssohn scholar at that institution in 1856. Christine Nilsson, the Swedish nightingale, says" The audience that exhibits the most sympathetic appreciation gets the best music, Mr. Selim Morse, author of " The Passion Play," has writtfen a new play called "A Bustle among the Petticoats, where would you put a bustle ? In the shoes? J. C. Williamson has bought the right to produce " The Silver King' iu Australia. There ought to be plenty of gold in it for him. Madame Geistinger, a German actress and singer, has created a great impression through out America by her refined and graceful im personations. Microphones have been placed on the stag at the Royal Opera-House, Berlin, so that performances may he heard at a distance from the building. On account of the high concert-pitch adopted in England, violinists are obliged to take to London a violin with thinner strings than they use in Germany, where the pitch is lower. Mr. Boucicault has commenced a suit against Mr. Grovcr for having played " Arrah-Na-Pogue" in San Francisco without permission. The Frisco papers say that Grover ought to have been indicted criminally for having murderedi i, As the Prince and rrincess of Wales were leaving the Gaiety Theatre, after the perfor mance a short time ago, a man stationed him self opposite the Royal carriage and shouted " Three cheers for the Republic. Down with the Royal Family." He was treated as a drunkard and fined 40s. and costs. The trials of an unknown composer are well shown in the case of Mr. Goring Thomas, the composer of " Esmeralda," which has made a great hit in London. The Italians call him Signor Goring, and the Germans, Hen' Goring, both ignoring the surname alto gether. But the climax was reached when a French paper spoke of him as " Goring Homes, a young Englishman, who had been a pupil of Ambroise Thomas of the Paris Conservatoire!" Rev, Dr. Mallory, theecclesiastical theatrical manager of New York, informed a reporter of the Herald in confidence one Sunday, after services, that the dress worn by Miss Ada Dyas, in "A Russiua Honeymoon," was a counterpart in material, colour, make, and trimming of the dress worn by Miss Bern hardt iu Fedora. The reporter said to the Sood doctor, " Is not this an infringement of 1 iss Davenport's copyright in millinery *" At which the pious preacher laughed, and re ferred him to his lawyer. A New York contemporary gives the following as the actual profits made by some of the leading stars and combinations this season of six mouths iu America Kiralfy Brothers' two attractions, representing a season of seventy-four week#, 8100,000: Mrs Langtry,870,000; McCnllough, 865,000; Maple sou, S50,000; Mary Anderson, $10,000 ; John T. Raymond, $33,000 ; Joe Jefferson (short season), $30,000; Modjeska, 830,000; Wynd bam, $30,000; Bartley Campbell, 832,000; Willie Edouin, $26,000;,Lotta, $26,000; Maggie Mitchell, $26,000; Rhea, $20,COO; Janauschek, $19,000 ; Salvini (personally), 820,000; McKee Rankin, S18.000 ; Salsbary's Troubadours, $17.000; McCaull Opera Compauy, 817,000; "My Partner," $17,000; Neil Burgess $12,000. Apropos of Sir Arthur Sullivau's knight hood, a good storv is told of one of the German reiguing Princes, who is fond of actors. One of the footlight favourites, who had been sunning himself in the royal favour, had gloom and disappointment occasionally on the histrionic countenauoe. The Prince commissioned the Lord Chamber lail to discover the cause. " Sire," said that functionary, some hours later, " I think that if an order were to he conferred on Herr M , it would settle the difficulty." A few days afterward, just as the actor had taken his leave of liis august master, the Chamber lain placed in his hands aa official envelope sealed with the royal arms. The actor sprang into his carriage and drove away, tearing open the packet in hot haste. The coveted distinction liad come at last : but there were two medals there, and of similar pattern. He returned at once to the palace, nnd met the Prince on the steps. " Sire," he exclaimed, breathlessly, "the honour over powers me. But surely there must be some mistake. There are" two medals here." "Never mind," was the reply. "Give the other to the leader of the orchestra." 