On my w--rd I am getting to fee' rather interest in this s&vago; in spite of the , |Cn deaths at his door. One reason be that be is intelligent, atid as I oW dder I am impatient of fools. I rc an idea Juno looks up to and re tcts me as a new variety of civilised n in these islands. E Bays ho is ]jee]cy,' but laea one cannot expect a art Baraga to see anything particularly ble in exchanging sticks of tobacco for :oonuts, and the fault of all traders is ir are too familiar witb the natives, ie day the news comes that Juno lias sn stung by a fish. We mount the hill bis village, where we find Juno crouch , over a fire, moaning dismally, and idiDg one hand tightly by the wrist, ese people cannot stand pain. They ;Eess none of the wild virtues of the ierican Indian. His hand is swollen ; the ball of 'the thumb a small puncture isiblo from tbe fin of the fish. I apply rate of silver, I give him Eno's fruit . [ in plenty, I bathe it witb ' pain er ' and also dose him with it. Then 0t poultice of broken biscuits, at which squirms. More Eno, more painkiller, ! four Lightning pills, ' to be taken at time.' I only want some of iTrank ston'6 Wizard Oil to cure Juno at e, I think of the designs on the life the ' Snark,' and have the supreme solation that if this treatment does not ' o Jnno it will perchance kill him. ,y have not much sympathy for eacli 8r these savages. The hags of ti e em look on stupidily, the windmsker reys my operations curiously, and the md murderer grins when Juno shrinks a the caustic. This youth is the other's doiv — they arc always together. He been seen hiding in the trees near the re at night with the presumed idea of ing a pot-shot at the trader. The pair them would put away Banquo ' and ance too ' in improved style on re ;ed terms. The second murderer is , yet known to have killed his man in d blood, but he is an entered appren ?, being prepared by the P.M. The ' i-itful heir, lo whom Juno is protector, res with all his eyes at the course of itment his ancle is experiencing. He , little, rickety boy, afflicted with the ice of St. Vitus. I give him a small e of Eno in a cocoanut shell ; he howls aally at first, but, as it tickles bis sat, drinks it greedily. The murderer, 1 believe, is really tbank ; he says so, at least. I confess 1 am ter astonished when he turns up nearly ed in the morning. I do not, however, ammend the above treatment as being table for all cases ot poisoning by sting fish or bite of snake. This fish which t Juno is a most peculiar one. Short I round, with parrot biiak and fins like , ^gs, it is covered with green slime and rible dark eruptions, which make it k like a stoue in the water. The nes which rnn down tbe back are sonous. Originally its colour would be eddish pink. Can Juno have any feel - s of gratitude ? This morning he says me, ' Yon like him this 1' pulling a le pearl-shell charm from his neck, ich I shall keep as a ' curio.' Is Juno rse than many other heathen who have n held up to praise by missionary end? He acts bnt according to his its ; killing is his line of business 1 I him why he slew a woman some time k. He maintains that he was qnite lit. She was seen to pick up a piece banana skin thrown away by a man of tribo, who afterwards sickened. The elusion was that she had taken the ise to a disease-maker. So Juno shot . He narrates it in a most matterof t way — how be walked in the bush od a yam-patch where his victim was rking, how once he had sighted his tip, hot a little child being in line on other side, he was afraid the ba'l ;ht strike her, so he shifted his position. ftry good, she no make him fellow le any more.' I think of Tbakambau, a died in the odour of sanctity, who 1 been an honoured guest at Govern nt-houses in Sydney and Levuka, after ing killed his hundreds in hot and cold )d, and eaten his scores. Much bigger lers than Juno have repented, and arding to the churches have been white bed sufficiently to secure admission to kingdom of Heaven. I think I must my hand at a little missionary work this First Murderer. The first Sunday aftermy landing, I go church. There is service twice a day a the morning at 8, in the afternoon 0 -1 - -1 ttt__ j: ? .1 '.1 — ? t uciock, wenumguy way luiiubi iu bush, near the native village, I catch (invert mooning abont, rifle in hand, pretends not to have beard the bell I, but I say, 'Get thee hehind, and lowW.' ''The full congregation con * ts — first, of the native teacher, who is m Aneitium ; then there is Charlie, % the fight being over, has attired oself in a singlet and sufu once more, i is in the pride of place behind an old eking case, which may be taken to resent a reading-desk. Little Narua by his side on a chair. A nice little ' this of about 11. I take him to be ! prize pupil. He is decently dressed J«*iprsey now, but on off days he is to m on tife beach nnde, . after the t of Tanna, and carrying a musket, ir in front has been placed ready use. On one side there isa very an and my recruit, four males all There are on the other side three le girls, one bright and intelligeDt Hng, whom I take to be Narna's sister, e young and four old women. Such ?s ! Seated on tbe ground, tbey tuck their grass petticoats as cushions. ^ f.ir long thin limbs and ugly feet uwnng over the broken coral nave an Mike appearance, and their t.izened s and withered dugs do not dispel the «ion. Thirteen souls in all here, when re must be at least 20 in the mission \- .village, a stone's throw distant, 200 oin half an hour's walk 1 I make a Hilation that the eleven, excluding *clf and the teacher, must have cost £500 each- to bring them to the J P st ge. They are dear at the j the teacher is a meek man, not strong °gl) for the place, I imagine. AH Anei'ium natives I.have metare the -e, quiet and docile, perchance learned in tho lettej of the law in their own lan guage, akin to that of this side of Tanna, but otberwFe appearing fools of the first quality. Tbey cannot speak English so well, nor aje they half so smart or intelli gent as a -returncd labour boy. This ' catechist ]' opens with a sort of an address or jtrayer. Then one of the sisters reads from a printed pamphlet what I presume is p chapter from the Testament, although tlere is a running chorus, or response, as to the litany of the Church of England. lA. hymn is then sung to the tune of ' Fir, far away,' of which I pre sume it is/a translation. Then a short prayer — it lis a prayer this time, as the people botf their heads, though they | neither kreel nor stand, and ?' finish.' Thebehavidurtbronghout isgood. Charlie, who appears to act as a sort of deacon, is not in his manner any the worse for his trip in a Iibonr vessel. The old man is attentive, js if he were vainly trying to fathom tliq mystery. My recruit is nneasy Little Natua, to *hom I have taken a fancy, is tht best of hoys, but by his glances at me everj now and then I can see he is ' playing to ' the stranger. I am afraid he will turn out a little prig, after all. His sister, laughing at tho other girl, catches my eye, and immediately puts on a most solemn face. Tbe old women are the most enthusiastic, although when a dog walks and a pigeon flies in, the whole congregation is at once animated with what appears to be W at a welcome break in the monotony of the service. They are but children, these people, and we know how hard it is to avoid yawning. The service commends itself to me by its brevity. When we are outside the shed I ask to be shown the grave of Mrs. Paton, wife of the first missionary at Port Resolution. I am told that it is far down on the beach, where the first mission station was planted, but the buildings were all burnt after Mr. Paton fled in 1862\. The natives then asked me to go and see a sick woman in their village. She is crooning over the fire in one of the wretched huts, and is in bad case. I sug gest warm bondages round the loins, when her husband says, ' How we make him? We no get all fellow same as town.' Then I give them a lecture on tbeir folly in spending their money on sniders and cartridges instead of in flannel and calico, and other useful things for themselves and their wives. I preach them a sermon on this sabbath afternoon. taking as text the five fingers of my hand. These, I say, represent five villages. ' One fellow so,' and I push the native with my dexter; 'all fellows so,' and I gave him a smart blow with my fist. If the men of Tanna will fight amongst themselves they will always be weak as one finger, and have no money to buy all the comforts which white men enjoy. I ask Narua to come down to the house, and I will give him medicine ; but kava time is at hand, and he must to his task of chewing and expetoratioii. He is the missionary's model boy ; but this beastly native custom still claims him. George, however, comes with me, and I give him a dose of chlorodyne for the sick woman. It is something to the good that they believe in the white mau 6 medicine in this village. In another they might have pnt tbe illness dowu to the malicious act of some enemy with the aid of a disease maker there would have been much talk, and Juno, perhaps, would bavo been called in to square matters with his riffle. The trader takes me to the grave of the first white lady on Tanna. I am in terested in this, as I had read in Dr Steel's work the following touching testi inony to Mrs. Paton — ' She did not, like Williams and Harris, on Erromanga, loss her life by the hand of violence, yet from her youth, her devoted spirit, her short career, and her sudden and unex pected death, the grave ot Mary Ann Robson Paton, as it rises up to view near tbe seashore, and under the shade of the palm trees of Tanna, will in future times be an olvject of interest and a bource of influence, second only to tbe graves of the female martyrs of our native land, who 'loved not their lives unto the deat h.1 In other days, t he sable daughters of Tanna, when enlightened by the gospel, will If-ad their children to the grave of her who left home and kindred, and traversed the mighty ocean, and sat down among these savage cannibals for tbeir sak's, that she might speak to them of Jesus, and teach tbem the way of salva tion.' This is very nicely expressed, and naturally inspired me with interest, and a desire to visit this future shrine of (amain Tanna. The otber dav I passed half an hour in God's acre at New Ply mouth. There are few historical me mentoes in Australia, where, happily, life for the early settlers was compara tively safe. But the inspection of the Taranaki barracks and stockades, with the knowledge of their necessity, and that on this spot 20 yearB j ago white * men were fighting for tbeir existence with the rutbl ss Maori, makes the churchyard hallowed ground to everyone who can appreciate brave deeds. In England, by a large party tbe Maori is held up as one who has been wronged of his lands, a gallant ^cbild of nature endowed with fine poetic 6enti mente, altogether a higher order of being to the whites who have supplanted bim. In Australia we have solved our native difficulty by never allowing that the blacks have any rights in tbe soil at al'. And so, with our own beam excised, we have had a clear view of our neighbour's mote. In Taranaki and Gisborn*, where there have been native murders, massacres, and wars, the people naturally take a differ ent view of the Maori, in which I rather agree with tbem. But in God's acre in in New Plymouth I thrilled with indigna tion at seeing the neglected state ot toe graves of the soldiers and sailors who died in defence of tbe infant settlement. The wooden head-crosses bnken down, the names obliterated— not a sign of re spect to the brave and forgotten dead, to tbe disgrace of the living. It may be pleaded that in a young, prosperous, and flourishing community, where life is busy and brisk, the people have not yet had time to cultivate the softer and more refining sentiments and virtues. But I certainly did not expect ideee the same neglect at the grave of a missionary's wife, whose death has been made the theme of book and poem. All along the shore is thickly clothed with vegetation ; there is nothing rising ' up to view ' but cocoanut trees. K. strikes into a hog path, and we force our way through the bush to a spot which was once cleared. Here there is a rude well, sign of the late missionary dwelling. But this is not what we have come out to see. We re trace our steps, and a native leads us along a trail ; we break tho bushes for some yards, and here in the midst of the jungle, covered wi h matted vegetation with rank weeds and decaying shrubs which we have to cnt away before we can see it, is the grave of a white lady. No Btone marks the site, but a strong circular coral wall, firmly cemented, is built around. Stumbling on this in the jungle, I should take it for the last dim trace of some for gotten tribe long since passed away. There is naught to show that this is the resting place of the lady, but our native guide is firm on that point, and shows tho smal'er grave of the infant, who followed the mother, by its side. ' Missionary always make him so;' and he shows us one other coral wall covered with fragrant flowers. I have to hack these away with my knife to read tho headstone which some loving hand has erected here. Surely this must be Mrs. Paton's 1 But, no ! It is ' sacred to the memory of' the Bev. Samuel Johnston, one of the early Nova Scotian pioneers of this mission, who died in the first year of his residence here. 1 have to scrape away the mould from the stone to read this and the text, ' The night cometb, when no man cau work.' This is the only sign we can find save a woiden headboard under a mound of 'eaves which was once planted over the grave of an unfortunate trader, named Underwood, who met his death through an evnlnRinn nf ^unnnwder in hifi store. I feel more indignant at tbe neglect of God's acre here than I did at Taranaki. Respect for the homes of the departed may not be held as necessary to our own salvation, but at least it would have a moral effect upon the heathen. As ' au object of interest and a source of influence' tbe gravo of Mrs. Paton will soon bo again covered and forgotten, unless K. keeps up the clearing, wbich we made — a tribute from sinners. One night we have a diversion in the shape of ' a wake.' A chief in tbe neighboring village is dead, and all day long there his been a slaughter of pigs. Each clan brings one, and these are ex changed over the bodies of the departed. His own family has killed one pig extra, which having been roasted or burnt over Mm fire and cut un into small nieces, is distributed amongst the mourneis. There is a dense smobe from the row of fires all round the huts. Tbe women are gathered about the grave, the four wives of (be deceased have their faces all ItUckened, which outward sign of woe tbey must wear for six months, during which they must remain sealed unto the deceased, and no man must look at them. There is a moaning and lamenta tion from all the women, varied occasion ally by a shrill cry, the death keen — altogether reminding me very forcibly of an Irish wake. Tbe body is done up elezantlv. wrapped in mats, and deposited in a rude coffin in a grave some 5ft deep. These clothes are the first the deceased has ever worn. His ordinary costume of paint has been much added to for this occasion, the face being all over red and yellow and black, the hair nicely dressed, and adorned With feathers. Tue women shed real tears, whether fiom feeling or custom I cannot say. The wailing ceases at intervals, and the ' orator of the day ' gives out what I suppose is a panegyric on the virtues of the deceased . The men appear to have been drinking kava, and are rather stupid, but there is a controversy amongst them as to who killed the late chief, what enemy stole some refuse of his food and changcd it into nahuk. Woe to anyone on whom suspicion may fall I What with the heat and the smoke and the noise, I thought the principal performer at this ceremony had the best time of it. As regards this people's idea of a future life, I could obtain little information. Tbey believe, however, in ghosts, and that the spirit of a slain man may baunt bis murderer. 