CROWHER'S QUEST. a City and Liberty To Mr. Sharp : of By virtue of a war- i LONDON I rant under the hand and vs. "seal of Edward deMorti- The County of Middlesex, bus, her Majesty's I To Wit. Coroner for said City and I Liberty of London, you are hereby summonea ana warned personally to be and appear before him as a juryman on Tuesday the — thday of January, at 2 o'clock in the afternoon precisely, at the honee known by the sign of the Vestry Bouse, situated iu Bumble Court in the Parish of St. Bangle-by-Thames at London aforesaid ; then and there to inquire on her Majesty's behalf touching the death of James Minton, and farther to do and execute such other matters and things as shall then and there be given you in charge, and not to depart without leave. Hereof fail not at your peril. Dated thin — th day of January, one thousand eight hnndred and eighty-three. J. SMITH, Constable. N.B, — bring this summons with yon. By 7 and 8 Victoria, chapter 92, section 17 : " Jurymen not attending pnrsnant to summons are liable to a penalty of 40 shillings." The . man who served this summons on me said that if it was inconvenient for me to go he could easily get a substitute, but as it was. the first time Her Majesty had wanted me to do anything for her since I came to j England, I told him that I would be only too I happy to attend to inquire on Her Majesty's ! behalf. Perhaps James Minton had been I murdered, perhaps he had committed suicide. | In any case, I determined to give my very | best attention to the tragedy on Her | Majesty's behalf. Bumble Court is blind, but as in that it re- I sembles justice, it is all the more suitable for j tbe holding of a coroner's court. Bumble court leads nowhere, and in that it also re sembles many of the coroner's inquiries, so, taking it all in all, it was a most appropriate place. The inside of tbe vestry-ball was low, and cold, and forbidding. When I got there I found several jurors in attendance, who were discussing in low tones the death of James Minton, who was known to some of them. The vestry clerk, a little, old, dried- up man, was bustling here and there, arranging papers, poking the fire occasion ally, and setting thingB to rights generally. The fire not only would not burn, but per sisted in sending its black smoke into the room in whiffs, as if the ghosts of numerons men who had been sat on in that room were up the chimney and fright ened even coal smoke back. The vestry clerk wore a tall hat with a gold band around it. He also wore a black respirator over his mouth, tied at the back of his head with a black string, and this arrangement to k&p; out London fogs gave him the ap pearance of bein? gassed, and his voice came out from behind it as if it rose from a Bepulchre. 44 What's the name ?" the hollow voice asked. I told him, and he ticketed off a name on the list and told me huskily that the coroner was expected every moment. The dismal room seemed to have no con nection with the outside world except by the long, low hall that led to it from Bumble court. Yet the fog found its way in, and made the gas jets dim and yellow, and tbe two lighted candles that stood on thecc- roner's desk at the end of the long table seemed to suggest that a coffin might be hidden in the general obscurity at the end of the room. Suddenly there was a bustle at tbe entrance. . 44 The coroner, gentlemen," cried the vestry clerk, removing the black gag for a moment, to give his voice full play for so great an occasion. Every man hastily removed his hat, and the coroner, bringing a gust of fog in with him, walked straight to his desk with tbe air of a man whose moments were valu able, and began turning over some blue fools cap, while the short-winded vestry clerk, almost overcome by the importance of his office, hurriedly got us seated around the long table. 44 Please elect a foreman, gentlemen," said the coroner. Several nodded towards a map. at the end of the table, aud he seemed to be elected. 44 Swear the jury." The vestry clerk got out a dirty leather- covered Bible, tied with cord, and swore us wholesale in two "batches, each man reaching across the table and grasping a section of tbe book between his finger and thumb, like con spirators. Each one now shoved back his chair, and all made for tbe narrow hall. " Come along, come along," said the vestry clerk to me as I hesitated. "What's up now?" I asked. ",0b, come on," he appealed in a tone which said, "You see what responsibilities weigh me down to-day. Now don't add to my burdens " Out into the court we followed that gold band, then into an alley, then out into a lane, and at last into a great thorough fare, we twelve mingled with the living, hurrying tide. Little did the eager crowd know that a dozen ghostly inquisitors on Her Majesty's behalf had joined them, and were moving among them, anxious to keep in sight of a gold band on a veetry clerk's tall hat. At last we turned into a narrow street, went through a tunnel into a dingy, cramped square, and jaw the vestryman standing beside an open , door. As we passed him in Indian file he Baid to each — 41 Top floor." a r A oandle burned on the corner-post ! stair, but all above was dark, and we stumbled up the rickety wooden steps, passing landing alter landing, at most of which a door was ajar and an assortment of dirty faces at various ' points from the floor peered out at the slow- going procession. There seemed to be a sort of hush in that vile over-crowded tenement house, either from the presence of death in the upper chamber or the awe which a coroner s jury inspired. In the fop room, which was bea-room, par lor, kitchen, and dining- room all in one, were a horde of children huddling around a woman who sat before a smouldering fire with her face buried in her apron. The children began crying afresh as the strange men, seeming half ashamed of their intrusion, hesitated on the threshold. On a couple of chairs rested the coffin and each of us hurried by, castinh hasty glance at the still face of the man we knew was the James Minton about whoBe death her Majesty desired us to inquire. This formal and unpleasant intrusion having been per formed we stumbled down the stairs again, knowing the last landing by the sputtering candle on the post and the vestry man with his gag who had impatiently waited our re turn. Once more the procession moved among the living, and soon we were all sitting in our places at the long table, while the coroner thrust the ficBt edition of an evening paper in his pocket, and was ready for business. " Rachel Minton 1" A thin and pale little woman with swollen ; red eyes oame forward to the end of the tffble and was sworn. " A chair," said th9 coroner, frowning at the vestry clerk. Under the blighting icflaence of an official frown the poor vestry clerk nearly swallowed his fog gag in his haste to place a chair for the woman. The storv was brief and sad. Her husband had not been feeling well for a long time. He had gone to the hospital and had been treated for heart disease. He was discharged by the hospital, ;went!to the doctor who is paid to treat the poor patients of the parish free, had been treated but got no better. Had died and the doctor refased to give a burial permit ; hence the inquest. It also appeared that the doctor had held a post-mortem examination in the room in which lihey lived with the children there, and that the body bad lain there for about a week, in consequence of official red-tapeism. The doctor of the parish was the next wit ness. He was an extremely young man, with the down of manhood just visible on his upper lip, and he evidently had a very high opinion of himself. He chose his expressions with the utmost nicety, and often substituted one word for another that more closely indicated the exact shade of meaning that he desired to convey. His office 'days were Fridays. The deceased had come to him one Friday, de scribed his symptoms, and he had treated him for dropsy ; told him to come again next Friday. Continued the treatment, and told him to come the next Friday, but he did not come. " Did you hear Co? reason of his failure to appear?" asked thecoroner. " I understood he died on Wednesday." This was taken by the jury as a satisfac tory reason. " Why did you refuse a burial certificate ?" said one of the jury. " Because I was not sure what was the cause of his sudden death." 'You held a post-mortem?" suggested the coroner. " I did, and I found the cause of death to be congestion of the lungs and degeneration of tbe liver, together with a failure of the heart's action." " This man," I said, 41 came to you dying or neart disease, lung anecnon, ana nver complaint, and you treated him for dropsy. Don't you think you ought to have done something for the maladies he was really suffering with ?" "I am not here to answer questions about my medical qualifications," frigidly replied the youthful doctor. " Quite right," said the coroner, who was evidently anxious the whole thing was over. 44 Thank you, Dr. Squills, that will do,'and the doctor put on his overcoat and left. By this time a paper had got around to me. . 4 ' What is it?" I asked the vestry clerk, who had hovered at the back of each man's chair till the signature had been attached, when he carried it to the next man. " Sign it there," said the official. " Yes, but what am I to sign ?" . ".Oh, sign anything," said the juror next me. 14 Sign anything but a promissory note, and let's get back to business. You've evi dently never been on a jury before." Meanwhile the official finger was pressed on the paper at the point where I was to sign. I jerked the blue sheet from under the finger and turned the paper up to see what it was. There was a groan of disapproval from all around the table. They all wanted to get back to business. The vestry man cast a look at the impatient coroner, who was drumming " with his fingers on the desk between the two ghostly oandles and gazing towards the ceiling. " Now don't make trouble," appealed the vestry clerk. 44 There's where the name goes," and he took the paper from me, refolded it and placed it on the table again. I signed. The paper was passed speedily back to the coroner again, who said briefly, 44 Thank you, gentlemen," and was gone. " I suppose that it would be considered cheeky in a juror respectfully wanting to know what verdict he gave?" " Oh, not at all," answered a fellow-juror; quite seriously. 44 I really don't know, but the vestry o erk knows." We asked the v. c., and he answered shortly, as if he had had quite enough of my nonsense : ' Deathfromnatural causes." The jnzor who spoke up about the burial permit told me as he went out that when the man was dying the doctor had been sent for, but that he wouldn't come anU-A tN»e was an order produced, and, o! course, in-sure the order could be obtained, the man was beyond medical aid. The London papers had a dis cussion recently about 44 How the Poor Live." This is a contribution showing how, in some iuetauoes, tbe poor die 