THE GHOST-HUNTERS AT WORK. [From the Pall Mall Gazette of May 11.] "De ghostibus non est disputandum." If there is one question on which the prejudices on both sides are so strong that argument seems useless if not impossible, it is that of so-called " eupernatarar phenomena. The "Society for Psychical Research," however, pursues its course without dismay, as is shown by the interesting volume of ita" Pro ceedings* just published by Messrs. Triibner. It is unnecessary for the ".Literary Com mittee of the society to forestall criticism by self-depreciation. " The very last thing, they modestly say, " that we expect to produce is a collection of narratives of a startling or blood-chilling character; our pages are far more likely to provoke sleep in the coarse of perusal than to banish it afterwards. ... Oar talcs will resemble neither the 'Mysteries of Udolpho' nor the dignified reports of a learned society. The romanticist may easily grow indignant over (hem; still more easily may the jourablUt grow facetious." It is of course impossible to say what journalists may do. Taey are such unaccountable creatures. But he would surelF be a very unreasonable "romanticist" who could peruse these pages without finding some suggestion and feeling some gratitude. The chapter with the most attractive title (" Report of the Committee on Haunted Houses") is indeed somewhat dis appointing. The investigators themselves do not chum the highest scientific value for any downright ghost that- they have yet discovered; and it must certainly- be owned that, if these are fair specimens, the semi-authentic ghost of psychical research ia vastly inferior in saggesttvenea and mystery to our dear gruesome old friend of the Christmas fireside. Bat there are compensations in other parts of the volume. It is indeed one of the merits of the society that it has shown how unnecessary so vulgar and hackneyed a thing as a ghost is to pro duce that sense of eeneness which is the prin cipal attractionof "supernatural" phenomena. Isolated apparitions, especially when they portend some great calamity, are really far man impressive than your regular, anannbhable, old-established ghost, who never leads to anything, and who, like the "lady in grey" of one of the haunted house stories in this volume, comes at but to be regarded as a matter of course by the very family she is engaged in haant ing. How far more appalling is the following specimen apparitior, which is vouched for by a friend of some ot the researchers:—" My mother married, at a very early age, without the consent of her parents. My grasdmother vowed that she would never see her daughter again. A few months after her marriage my mother was awakened at about 2 a.m. by a loud knocking at the door. To her great ?uprise my father did not wake. The knock- Ing was resumed; my mother spoke to my ! father, but, as he still slept, she got up, opened the window, and looked out, when, to hes fiwsTti"fP f l she saw her mother, la full court dress, standing on the stop and looking up at her. My mother 1 called to her, but my grandmother, frowning ?ad shaking her head, disappeared. At this moment my father woke ana my mother told . him what had happened. He went to the wJadow, bat saw nothing. My mother was sure that my grandmother, even at that late hour, had come to forgive her, and entreated my father to let her in. He went down and opened the door, bat nobody was there. He assured my mother that she had been dream ing, and the at last believed that it was so. The next morning the servants were qnav. tioned, but they had heard nothing, and th* matter was dismissed from the minds of my parents till the evening, when *i??j *??^rp that my grandmother had been, in court dress, at a ball the night before—l think at Kensington Palace, but of this I am not sure—that feeling unwell she had returned home, and after about an hour's illness had died at 2 a.m. She had not mentioned my mother's name daring her short illness." There are a dozen stories as good or better than this. They an of a familiar pattern, but the society has mad* a strong collection, msiA has classified *i?— with *"H"ti care. We have only room for one other, of a rather less common, If also lees tragic, and indeed almost humorous type:—"On July 8,1882, my wife went to London to have an operation (which we both believed to be a slight oi?) performed on her eyes by the late Mr. Critehett The appointment was (or L3O, and, knowing from long ptvrioos experience tbo dose sympathy of our minds, about that time 1, at Brighton, got rather fidgety, and was much relieved—and pwliapo a little surprised and disappointed—at not feeling any decided ?notation "l't"!' I ooold construe ai sympa thetic. Taking it therefore for granted that aO was well, I went oat at 2.45 to conduct my oonuert at the aqaarinm. -TywHwg to find there a telegram, as had been arranged, to say that all was well. Oa my way I[stopped, at usual to compare my watch with the big dock tmnride LawaoaV, the clockmakcr's. At that instant I felt my eyes flooded with water, just as when a chill wind gives one a sodden cold in the eyes, though it was a hot. atUl summer's day. The affection was so anmmal and startling that my r*trntffffl ?ould not bat be strongly directed to it; yet the time being then eleven ?inntes to 3 I was sore it could h?n nothing to do with my wife's operation, and a* it continned for some little time, thought I most have taken cold. How ever, it passed off, and the concert imme diately afterwards put it oat of my mimi. At 4 o'clock I received a telegram from my wife, 'All well over. A great success,'and this quite took away all anxiety. But on going to town in the evening, I found her in a terrible state of nervous prostration; and it appeared that the operation, though mar veuomOy saeeessfol, had been of a very severe character.' Quite aoririwttaHy it came out that it was not till half-past 2 that my wife entered the operating-room, and that the npmtton Mmmnuwi, affair-rimritui ?dmtnt?. trmtipp rf an mitfthrtir., atahnntttm minnfa. to 3, as near as we could calculate." Bat, perhaps, the most interesting and certainly the most novel portion of the "* Proceedings" is that which with the latest experiment of the society in what they call " Thought Transference." The "Agent mthj " Percipient" in ****? ram to oie the technical terms of the new science—were two gentlemen living at Brighton, whose minds ?emtobepecaUarly sympathetic. The manner In which the experiments were generally conducted consisted in blindfolding Mr. S., the "percipient," while some color, number, word, or figure was unexpectedly presented to Mr. 8.. the "agent' the nature of which Mr. 8. was then asked to gnees. The " agent" daring some of these trials held the percipientV hand, but in other instances they were completely sepa rated from one another. Some of these ex periments would seem to show that it is more agreeable to be a "percipient" than an "agent" on these occauous; at any rate, when, in the simple language of the report, "pains" are being "experimented on." Thus, for instance, one test consisted "in pinching or otherwise hurting the "agent," while the "percipient" was asked to say which part of bis alter ego was being hart, an attempt in whioh he seems to have been uniformly successful, with the nicest sympathy be tween a pull at the hair of his friend's head and a twitch at the lobe of bis ear. But the most curious of all these experiments mt the figure test, the manner of which is thus de ecribed by the investigators—"One of us, completely out of sightJ3., drew some figure at random, the figure being of snch a character that its shape could not be easily conveyed in words; this was done in order to meet the assumption that some code—such as the Moree alphabet—was need by & and B. The figure drawn by us was then shown to B. for a few moments—S. being seated all the time with his back to us and blindfolded, in a an adjoining room. B. looked at the figure drawn; then held S.s hand for a while : then released it. After being released S. (who remained blindfolded) drew the impression of a figure which he had received. It was generally about as like the original as a child's blindfolded drawing of a pig is like a pig; that is to say, it was a scrawl, but recognisable as intended to represent the original figure. In no case was there the final lest possibility that S. could have seen the original figure; and in no case did B. touch &, even in the slighest manner, while the figure was being drawn." Soene~~-The office of a pftwipflll" doctor who knows all about a disease at a gimnce. Eater a tired man, who drops into a seat, and says that be wants treatment. The doctor puts on bis eyeglasses, looks at his tongue, feels of his pulse, fffw^'fo his chesty ?*?^ then draw up to his full height, and says—"Same old story, my friend. Men can't live without fresh air. No use trying it. I could make myself a corpse, like your are doinp by degrees, if I sat down in my office and didn't stir. You must have fresh air; you must take long walks, and brace up by staying outdoors. Now, I could make a drug store of you, and you would think I was a smart man, but my advice to you is to walk, walk, walk." Patient — But, doctor . Doctor—That's right. Argue the question. That's my reward. Of course you know all' about my business. Now, will you take my advice? Take long walks every day, several times a day, and get your blood in circula tion. Patient—l do walk, doctor. I . Doctor—Of couneyou do walk. I know that; but walk more. Walk ten times as much as you do now. That will cure you. Patient— Bat my business . Doctor—Of course your business prevents it. Change your bad ness so tint yon will have to walk more. What b you business? Patient—l am a letter carrier. Doctor (paralised)—My friend, per suit meto once nore examine your tongue. 