ihfle Wlike Sonls. .1- :'--'. '? ? ?'''& FLORENCE MARRYAT. Author of * Jigtting the Air,' r* love's Conflict,' . ' - -£c_&c.; .1 am going to tell jou a story which is as improbable a one as you have ever heard. 1 do-not expect anybody to believe it ; yet it 5b jeifectly true. The ignorant and bigoted ?will read it to the end perhaps, and then fiing it down with the assertion that it is all nonsense, and there is not one word of truth in it. The wiser . and more ex nerienced may say iv is very wonderful and incredible, but still they know there are more things in Heaven and earth than are dreamt of in their philosophy. But no one will credit it .with a hearty uncompromis- ' ing belief. And yet neither „ ridicule nor incredulity' can alter the f&ct; that this is a true history of circumstances that occurred butafew years &ince;, and of two persons who are living at the present time. The scene is laid in India, and to India therefore I must transport jou in order that you may.be introduced to the actors in this veracious drama, premising that the names I give, not only of people but of places, are. all fictitious. It is Christmas time in a single station on the frontiers' of Bengal, and a very dull Christmas the members of the 145th Bengal Muftis find it in conse quence ; for to be quartered in a single station means to be compelled to associate with the same people day after day, and month after month, and year after year ; and to carry on that old quarrel with Jones, or to listen to the cackle of Mrs. Robinson, or be bored with the twaddle of 'Major Smith, without any hope of respite or escape; andleavirig the gentlemen out of the question, the ladies of the 145th Bengal Muftis are not in the best frame of mind at the time my story opens to spend the day of peace and goodwill towards men to gether. Begimental ladies seldom are. They are quarrelsome and interfering and backbiting enough towards each other in an English garrison town, but that is a trifle compared to the way in which they : carrjrferiir our outlying stations in India. And yet the ladies of the 145th Bangal Muftis- are iiot bad specimens of their sex, taken individually. It is only when they cexne in contact that their Christian love and charity make themselves conspicuous. Mrs. Dunstan, the wife of the colonel, is the most important of them all, and the most_ important personage, too, in this little Story if a misfortune that involved herself ^therefore let Mrs. J)un3tan be the first to advance for inspection. As we meet her, she is seated In a lounging-chair in her own drawing-room at Mudlianah, jRXthfi decided look of discontent or un happirieEj upon b.er countenance. The scene around her would seem fair enough in the *yes: of those who were not condemned to live in it. Her room is surrounded, by a broad verandah, which is so covered by creepers as to be a bower of greenery. Huge trumpet-shaped blossoms of the most gorgeous hues of purple, scarlet, and oraoga jtang in graceful festoons about the window and'opeh'deorways, whilst the starry jessa mine, and Cape honeysuckle fill the air with sweetness. Beyond the garden, which is laid out withmuch taste, though ratherin a wild and tangled style, owing to the luxuri ance of die vegetation, liesarange. of snowy hills which appear quite close in the trans parent atmosphere, although in reality they .'axe many miles away. Mrs. Dunstane room isf uraished, too, with every luxury, as beats the zoom ola colonels' wife, even in an up country ^etatioa. The chairs and sofas are of carved ebony wood and cane werk from Benares ; the table is covered with flowers, books, and fancy work ; -a handsome piano stands in one corner; the floor is covered wltircbloied matting, and in the verandah ; are scattered toys from various countries, a token that vis comfortable home does not lack the chjef^of married joys, a child-j angel in*th^li6m1er The Tnisn-ess, too, is' ^still ^ousg^and stiUiiandsome, not. wanting 4hi cap&citi;' {forJintellectual nor this lieaTtth lerpliyeicaf enjoyment. Theremuitbesonae deeper leeson, than «utward . discomfort thereiEoreiorlbat^adSar-awaylookin her eyeeard the pain, .which has knitted her brow. , Yes, 'Mees Mar-gie MacQueerk* fas' she -would 'style herself) had been giving Mrs. Dunstan an hour of her- eom \- pany that morning, and as nsnuT had left her ' trail behind her. ' Mees Margie* is a tall, ouaint. ill-favored Scotchwoman on the wrong side of fifty, who ias , come out to India to keep the house of her brother, the doctor .of the 145th. She is arigidJ'resby tenBiijjWith a brogue as uncompromising as her doctrine,and a judgmentashardas nails. Never having been tempted to' do any thing wrong, she is excessively -virtuous, and has an eye.Uke a hawk for the misdoings of others ; indeed, she is so excellent a detective that *he discovers the sins before the sinners have quite jnade up their minds to commit them. She is the detestation of the regiment, and the colonel's wife has been compelled in consequence to show Miss MacQuirk more attention than she would otherwise Tiave done to make up for the neglect of the others. For never doea Miss Maggie pass half -an-hour with out hinting at a fresh peccadillo on the part of somebody else. She has a rooted conviction that all soldiers are liber tineB, not .fit to be trusted out of sight of their, wives or' ssterie, and if she has no new misdemeanor to relate on the part of the: masters, the servants are sure .to come in for their share of abuse ; and so Miss Maggie 'iSacQuirk manages to find' food for ecandal all the .year round. Ethel Dunstan ought to know her foibles .well enough to mistrust her by this time, and bad the doctor's aster come in 'with some new story of young-Freehfield's flirting, or Mr. Masterman's card-playing, she would have beenias ready as ever to laugh at the . old Scotchwoman's mountainous molehills, and to assure her she was utterly mistaken; But MiEB^MacQuufk'E discourse this morning had taken aBiffererit turn. Sbe had talked exclusively of theiatest arrival in Mudlianah — lovely Mrs. Lawless, who hasjust returned with her husband, Jack Lawless, from staff duly in the north-west' provinces, aud how her beauty seemed: to have addled the headsof allthemenof the 145th Bangal Muftis. And there was a great deal of truth in'MisB MacQuirk's 'assertions, . and that is what has made them go home to the heart of Ethel Duustan. We are all so ready to believe anything that affects our happiness. * 'Deed, and it's jeest, freetfu!,' said Miss Margie, in her provincial twang, -to^ee* a set. of ,duDderheeds tairned the wrang way'for -The^ake of a wee bit of a paety face wi'igfc beeg eyes inlhe'meeille of it. JtV ''eno1' toT mak* a godfearing woman praise the Laird that has kept her in.the straight path. For 111 no afMfm that's it by mee ain doin' that I can baud up my heed the day with, the Queen o England herself if need be.' - ; * But Mrs. Lawson is very, very lovely— there. .cannot be. two opinions on - that sub ject' cried generous-hearted Mrs. Dunstan. 'Tor my own 'part I never saw a7 more beautiful face than her?, and my husband says just the same thing.' .*,Eh.!. I nas dcot it! The~cairnar8 heed is tairned like all the rest of them. But be cannot ca' it reet that men should rin after a Jeqdy that has a lawful meeried husband of her ain.' *Bn't you ifiTe such strange notions, Miss MacQuirk. ': If agentlemaB ehowealadv the least attention you call it ** running after hit.' We are like one family shut up In this little station, by ourselves. 'If we are not to be on friendly terms with, each other we are indeed to be pitied.' ' Friendly tairme,' exclaimed Miss Mar gie. * Do you call it friendly tairms to be walking in the dajrk with anither mon'a .'wife?. An?^iats jeest what my 'gude brother MwyJeBter e'en as he was comin' hame- fr^mees* ?' -;'- ;:.*- :';? : * What ffiant whose wife f' astet Ethel Dunstan, for once interested, in Miss Mac Qutrf s scandal. ? * Ah I .X. djnna ken the mon, butthe leddy ?was 'Mis,' Lawless heree!'. And her hus band was at the inees the while, for: Andrew lef it Mm attheiable, and he was cemin'home mthe dark and lie saw Mrs.: Lawless in her garden at the dead o' neet' wallsin' with a strange mon— a tall mos, and etout, and not uolike the cairnal, Andiewsays.' ' What nonsense ! Charlie was baak from mess by eleven o'clock,' said Mrs. Dunstan, with -in air of annoyance. ' When you re peat such stories, Miss MacQuirk, be good enough to keep my husband's name out of them, er you may get into trouble.' « Ah, well, Mrs. Doonstan, I only men tioned that it was like the cairnel. Boot less be was at mess or at home the while. It was half-past ten when Andrew re tained. But it is hairdly reet that Mrs. Lawless eheuld be walking ia her gairden at that hour o' neet and with anither mon than.her husband. I dootbut someone should inf&iim; Mr. Lawless of the caircumstance.' { Well, I advise you not to be the one,' replied Ethel Dunstan, tartly. 'Jack Law less is considered a fire-eater amongst men, EBd I don't think he would spare the ?woman even who tried to take away his wife's character. ' , . ' Eh, Mrs. Doonstan, who talks of takia' awa' her character ! I doot its but little she's got, puir thing, and t'wad be a sin to rob her of it. But its a terrible thing to see how gude luiks air rated abuve guid deeds, and enough to mak' all honest men thank the Laird who has presairved them fia the wiles of the enemy. And now I'll wish you the gude mairnin,Mrs.DoonstaH, for I have several other calls to pay before tiffin.' And eo the old scandal-monger had left the colonel's wife in the condition in which ?we found her. Of course if there had been no more truth in it than in the generality of Miss MacQuirk's stories, Ethel Dunstan would have laughed at and forgotten it. But there is just sufficient probability of its being a fact to give a coloring to the matter. For Mrs. Lawless is not a woman that the most faithful husband in creation could look at without some degree of interest, and Colonel Dunstan being guileless of harm, has expressed his admiration of her in the most open manner. She is a grace ful, fairy -like creature, of two or three and twenty, in the flush of youth and beauty, and jet with sufficient knowledge of the world to render her the most charming companion. She has a complexion like a rose leaf, a skin, as white, as. milk, large limpid hazel eyes, a pert nose, a coaxing mouth, and hair of a sunny brown. Fancy such a .woman alighting suddenly in and out-of- the-way, dull, dried up little hole of a station like Mudlianah, and in the midst of some twenty inflammable British offi cers. You might as well have sent a mitrailleuse amongst them for the amount of damage ehe did. They were all alight at the first view of her, and hopelessly burned up before the week was over. She is devoted to her Jack, and has in reality no eyes nor thoughts except for him ; but he has become a little used to her charms, after the manner of husbands, and so she flirts with the reft of the regiment indis criminately, and sheds the light of her countenance on all alike, from the colonel downwards. , The wives of the 145th Bengal Muftis lave received Mrs. Lawless but coldly. How can they* look into her heart acd see how entirely it is devoted to her husband ? All (hey see is her. lovely smiling face, and contrasting it with their own less beautiful and somewhat faded countenances, they imagine that no' man can be proof against* her fascinations, and jealousy reigts supreme in the 145th with regard to Cissy Lawless. Ethel Dunstan has no need to fear a rival in her colonel's heart, because she possessed every atom of his affection, and he has proved it by years of devotion and fidelity, but when a woman is once jealou3 of another she forgets everything except' the fear of present loss. Colonel Danstan is; vexed when he comes in. that morning from regimental duty to find his. wife pale and dispirited, still more so ' to J hear the' tart replies she makes to all his tender questioning. 'Are you not well — my darling?' he asks. - '?'?'. ' Quite well, thank you ; at least as well as one can' 'be in a hole like Mudlianah. Charlie ! where have you been this morn ing?' ' . ? ' Been, dear ! Why, to mess and barracks, to be sure I Where else should I have been?' ' There are plenty of houses to call at, I suppose. What is the use of pretending to be so dull ? Tou made a call.late last night, if I am not much mistaken !' 'Last night! What, after mess ? I only went home with Jack Lawless for a minute or two?' * Did jou go home with Mr. Lawless ?' *Tes — at least — he didn't walk home with me, exactly, but he came in soon afterwards.' ' Of course she wasjn bed ¥ ' Oh, no, she wasn't. She was, as brisk as a bee. We talked together for a long time.' 'So I have heard! In the garden,' re marks Mrs. Dunstan, pointedly. * Yes ! Was there any harm in that ?' re plies her husband. 'Our talk was solely on business. Is anything the matter, Ethel darling ? You are not at all like yourself this morning.' - ...?-..? But the only answer Mrs. Dunstan gives him is indicated by her suddenly rising and leafing the room. She is not the sort of woman to tell her husband frankly what ghe feels. She thinks, and perhaps slie is right, that to openly touch so delicate a matter as a dereliction from the.path of marital duty, is to add fuel to the flame. But she suffers terribly, and in her excited condition Colonel Dunstan's open avowal appears an aggravation of his offence. 'He is too.noble to deceive me,' she thinks, ' and eo he will take refuge in apparent frank ness. He cenfeeses he admires her, and he - will tell me every time he sroes there, and then he will say, 'How can you suspect me of any wrong intention when 1 am so open with you?' Business,[indeed ! As if he could have any business with a doll like Mrs. Lawless. It is shameful- of her to flirt with married men in this disgrace ful way.' ' . Yet, Mrs. Dunstan and Mrs. Lawless meet at the band that evening and smile and bow to and talk with one another as if they were the best friends in the world ; but the colonel is prevented by duty from doing more then arrive in time to take his wife home to dinner; and eo Ethel's heart is for the while at rest. But during dinner a dreadful blow falls upon her. A note is brought to the colonel which he reads in silence and puts into the pocket of his white . drill waiscoat. ' - ' From MreHazelweotJ, dear?' says Ethel interrogatively. ' No, my love, purely on business,'' re plies the colonel as he helps himself to wine. But when the meal is concluded he walks into his dreesirg-room, and re-appears ' in his mees uniform. ' Going to mess, Charlie ?' exclaims his wife in a tone of disappointment. *No ney darling — business! I may be late. Good night!' and he kisses her and walks out of the house. 'Business!' repeats Mrs. Dunstan em phatically;; and as soon ae[ his. back is turned- ene is searching his suit of drill. Colonel Dunstan has not been careful to conceal or destroy the note he received at dinner. It ' is still . in hia waistcoat pocket. His wife tears it open and reads : — ? . * Dear Colonel.— Do come over this even ing if possible. I have had another letter which you must see.. I depend upon you for everything. You are the only friend I have in the world.- Pray don't fail me. — Ever yours gratefully, Cissy Law- xesb.' ?Gat!' cries Mrs. Dunstan indignantly, ' deceitful, fawning, hypocritical cat! This is the way she gets over the men — pretend- irg to each one that he is the only friend fihehae in the world — a married woman, too ! Its disgusting ! Miss MacQuirk is quite right, and some one ought to tell poor Jack lawless of the way she is carry Irg on. And Charlie is 88 iad aa she is ! It was only to-day he told me as. beld as bi ass that that creature's eyas are' so innocent and guileless-looking they, re minded him of little Katie's — and not ten minutes afterwards, he said my new bonnet from England was a fright and made me look as yellow as a guinea. O ! what is this world coming to, and where will such wickedness end ? I wish that I was dead and buried with, poor mamma.' And so Mrs. Dunstan cries herself to sleep, and when her husband comes home and kisses her fondly as she lies upon the pillow, he : decides that she is feverish and has not been looking well lately and must require charge, and remains awake for some time thinking how he can best arrange to let her have it. In the middle of that night, however, something occurs to occupy the minds of loth father and mother to the exclusion of everything else. Little Katie, their only child, a beautiful little girl of thre9 year3 old, is taken suddenly and dangerously ill with one of those violent disorders that annually decimate our British possessions in the ea6t. The whole household is roused — Dr. McQuirk summoned from hia bed — and for some hours the parents hang in mental terror over the baby's cot, feariDg everv minute lest their treasure should be teken from them. But the crisis passes. Little Katie is weak but out of danger, and then the consideration arises what is the Vest thing to facilitate her recovery. Dr. MacQuirk lets a day or two pass to allow the child to gain a little strength, and then he tells the eolorel emphatically that she must be sent away at once — to England i£ possible — or he will not answer for her life. This announcemeut is a sad blow to Colonel DuE6taD, but he knows it is im perative, and prepares to^break the news to his wife. ' Ethel, my dear, I am sorry to tell you that McQuirk considers it quite necessary that Katie should leave Mudlianah for change \oi air, and he wishes her, it possible, to go to England at once.' ' But it is not possible, Charlie. We could never consent to send the child home alone, and you cannot get leave again so soon. Surely it is not absolutely necessary she should go to England.' ' Not absolutely necessary, perhaps, but very advisable, not only for Katie but for yourself. You are not looking at all well, Ethel. Your dispirited appearance worries me sadly, and in your condition you should take every care of yourself. I hardly like to make the proposal to you, but if you would consent to take Katie home to your sister's, say for a twelve-month, I think it would do your own health a great deal of good.' But Colonel Dunstan's allusion to her want of spirits has recalled all her jealousy of Mrs. Lawless to Ethel's mind, and the journey to England finds no favor in her eyes. * You want me to ge away for- a twelve month,' she says sharply, ' and pray what is to become of you meanwhile ?' ' I must Btay here. You know I cannot leave India.9 «You will stay with Mrs. ? 1 mean with the regiment — whilst I go home with the child.' ? Yes. What else can I do ?' ; *Then I shall no* go. I refuse to leave you.' ' Not even for Katie's sake ?' 'We will take her somewhere else. There are plenty of places in India where we can go for change of air. And if you cared for me, Charlie, you would never con template such a thing as a whole year's separation.' 'Do you think I like the idea, Ethel? What should I do left here by myself P I only proposed it for your sake and the child's.' 'I will not go,' repeats Mrs. Dunstan, firmly, and ihe sends for Dr. MacQuirk and has a long talk with him. ' Dr. MacQuirk ! is it an absolute neces sity that Katie should go to England ?' ? 'Not an absolute nee-ceesitjymy dear leddy- but from a mee-dical point of vie'w, advisable. And your own' hee-alth also.' ♦ Bother my health !' she cries irreve rently. * What is the nearest place I could take the child for change ?' - ? '' ' You might take her. to the heels, Mrs. Doonstan — to the Heels of Mandalinati, which are very salubrious at this time' of the year!' ' And how far off are they?' 'A matter of a coople of hundred miles. Ye canna get houses there, but there is a cairs-tle on the broo' o' the heel that ye may have for the airsking.' \- ' A castle — that sounds moBt romantic ? And whom must we ask, doctor ?' 'The caire-tle Is the property of Raja Mati Singh, andhe bee-It it for is ain plee sure, but he doesna' keer to leave there, and so he will lend it to any Europeans who weesh for a change to the heels of Manda linati.' f Kaja Mati Singh ! That horrid man ! There will be no chance of seeing him, will there?' . . ' Na ! na ! Mrs. Doonstan ! the rajah will not trouble ye ! He never goes near the cairs-tle noo', and ye will have the -whool place to yerself in peace and quietude.' *I will speak to the colonel about »it directly he comes in. Thank yousf or your information, Dr. MacQuirk. If we must leave Mudlianah I shall be delighted to stay. for awhile at this Tomantic castle et the brow of the hilt.' ' Yes !' ehe says to herself when the doc tor is gone,* we shall be alone there-- 1 and my Charlie, and it will seem like the^dear old honeymoon time, before we came to live amongst theBe horrid flirting cats of women, and perhaps some of the old memories will come back to him there, and we shall be happy, foolish lovers again, as we used to be long ago before I was so miserable !' But when Colonel Dunstan. hears of the Sropo&ed; visit to. the. Mandalinati Hills, he oee not seem to approve of it half so much as he did of the voyage to -England. ' I am not at all . sure if the climate will suit you or the child,' he says, ' it is some times very raw and misty up on those hills. And then it is very wild and lonely. I know the castle MacQuirk means — a great strag gling building standing by itself, and in a most exposed position. I really think you will be much wiser to go to-England, Ethel.' * O, Charlie ! how unkind of you, and when jou know the separation will Mil me !' 'It would be harder, just at first, but I should feel cur trouble would be repaid. But I shall always be in a fidget about you at Mandalinati.' *But Charlie, what harm can happen when you aTe with us?' ' * My dear girl, I can't go with you to the cagtle.' ? Why not?' 'Because business will detain;me here. How. do you suppose I can leave the regi ment?' ' But you will come up very often to see ue— every week atleast, won't you Charlie ]' ' On a four days' journey ! Ethel, my dear, be reasonable. If you go to Mandali sati the most I can promise is to get a fort night's leave after a time and run up to see how you and the dear child are getting on But 1 don't likeyour goinp, and 1 tell you so plainly. Suppose you are taken ill before your time, or Katie has another attack, how are you to getassistaEceup'on those beastly hills? Think better of it, Ethel, and decide ou Ergland. If you go Captain Lewis says he . will .send his wife at the same time, and you would be nice company for each other on the way home.' 'Mrs. Lewis, indeed! an empty-headed noodle ! Why she would drive me crazy before we were half-way there. No, Charlie., I am quite decided. If yon cannot accbnspaBy me to England, I refuse to go. I shall get the {loan of the castle and try what four weeks there will do for the Child.' : And thus it ceme to pass that Mrs. Dun stan's absurd jealousy of Mrs. Lawless drives -her io spend that fatal month at the lonely castle on the Mandalinati Hills instead of going in peace and safety to her native land. For a brief {pace Hope leads her to believe that she may induce Mrs. Lawless to pass the time of exile with her. If her woman's .wit .can only induce the fatal beauty to be come her guest, she will bear the loss of Charlie's society: with equanimity. . But HfiOugh'Ciesy Lawleis seems for a moment elmcet to yield, she suddenly draws back tff Mrs, Durttaa'e interse aanoyasce. ? ? ~ ? 'The old castie on the Hills, she ex claimed.* 'Are you and Colonel Dunstan going there ? How delightfully romantic. I believe no end of murders have been com mitted there, and every room is haunted. O ! I should like to go, too, of all things in the world. I long to see a real ghost, only y&u; must promise never to leave us alone, Colonel* for I should die of fright if I 'were left by myself.' ' But I shall not be there, I am sorry to say,' replies, the colonel. ' My wite and Katie are going for change of air, but I must simmer meanwhile at Mudliana.' Pretty Cissy Lawless looks decidedly dumbfoundered ard begins to back out of her consent immediately. ' I pity you,' she assurers. ' and I pity myself t )o, for I expect we shall have to simmer together. I should like it of all tilings, as 1 said before, but Jack would never let me leave him. He is such a dear, useless body without me. Be sides, as you know, colonel, I have business to keep me in Mudlianab.' Business ag_ain ! Ethel turns away in difgust, but it is with difficulty she can keep the tears from Tushing to her eyes. However, there is no help for it, and she must go. Her child is very dear to her, and at all risks she requires mountain air. She must leave her colonel to take his charce in the plains below — only as he puts her and the child into the transit that is to convey them to the hills, and bids her fare well with a very boneet faltei in his voice, he feels her hot tears upon his cheek. ' O ! Charlie, Charlie ! be true to me. Think how I have loved you. I am so very miserable.' ' Miserable, my love, and for this short paiting. Come, Ethel, you must be braver than this ? It will not be long before we meet agaiD, remember.' ' And till then, you will be careful, won't you, Charlie, for my sake, and think of me, and don't go too much from home, and re member how treacherous women are, and I am not beautiful I know, my darling, I never was, you know,' with a deep sob, ' like Mrs Lawless and others, but I love you, Charlie, I love you with all my heart, and I have always been faithful to you in thought as well as deed.' And so, sobbing: and incoherent, Ethel Dunstan drives away to Mandalinati Hills, whilst the good colonel 6tands where she left him, with a puzzled look upon his honest sunburnt face. ' W hat does sfce mean V he ponders, ' by saying she is not beautiful like Cissy Law less, and telling me to remember how treacherous women are, as if I didn't know the jades. Is it possible Ethel can be jealous, jealous of that poor pretty little creatuiewho is breaking her heart about her Jack. NoJ that would be too ridiculous, ard too alarming into'the bargain, for even: if I can get the boy out of !the scrape it is ? hardly a matter to trust to a woman's dis cretion. Well, well, I must do the best I can and leave the rest to chance ! Ethel to be jealous ! the woman I have devoted my life to. It would be too absurd, if anything the creatures do can possibly be called so.' And then he walks off to breakfast with the Lawlesses, though his heart is rather heavy and his spirits are rather dull for several days after his wife starts for the castle on the hill. Ethel on the other band gets on still worse than b.9r husband. As she lies in her transit, swaying about from side to side over the rough country roads, she ishauntedby the vision of Charlie walling about the garden till the small hours of the morning, hand in haui with Cissy Lawless, with a mind entirely obli vious ©f his poor wife and child, or indeed of anything except his beautiful companion. Twenty times would she have decided that she could bear the strain no longer, and given the order to return to Mudlianah, had it not been for the warning conveyed in the fretful wailing of her sickly child — his child — the blossom of their mutual love. So for Katie's sake poor Ethel keeps stead fastly toher purpose, and soon real troubles takeB the place of imaginary ones, and nearly efface their remembrance. She is well protected by a retinue of native ser ?vante, and the country through which she travels is a perfectly safe one; yet as they reach the foot of the. hjjLjtB./up which they must climb to reach the celebrated castle, she is surprised that her nurse (or Dye), who has been 'with her since Katie's birth, refuses to proceed any further, and sends in her resignation. ' What do you mean, Dye j' demands her mktress with a natural vexation, 'you are going to leave Katie and me just as we re quire your services most! You, who have always professed to be so fond of us both! Are you ill ?' . ' No, missus, I not ill, but I cannot go up the hill. That castle very bad place, very cold and big, and bad people live theie and many noises come, and I want to go back to Mudlianah to my husband and little children.' 'What nonsense, Dye! I didn't think you were so foolish. Who has been put ting such nonsense into your head ? The castle is a beautiful place, and you will not feel at all cold^.with the warm clothes I have given you, and we have come here to make Miss Katie well, you know, and you will surely never .leave her until she is quite strong again.' But the native woman obstinately de clares that she will not go on to the Man dalinati Hills, and it is only upon a promise of receiving .double pay that she at hist complairingly consents to accompany her mistress to the castle. Ethel has to suflEer, however, for descending to bribery, as before the ascent commences every servant in her employ has bargained for higher wages, and unless she wishes to remain in the plains Bhe is compelled to comply. with their demands. But she determines to write and tell Charlie of their extortion, by.the first opportunity and hopes that the intel ligence may bring him up, brimming with indignation, to set her household in order. Her first view of the castle, however, repays her for the trouble she has had in getting there. She thinks ehe has seldom seen a building that strikes her with such a sense of importance. It is formed of a species of white stone that glistens like marble in the eunehine, and it is situated on the brow of a jutting hill that renders it visible for many miles round. The approach to it ia composed of three terraces of stone, each one surrounded by mountain shrubs arid flowers, and Ethel wonders why the Bajah Mati Singh, having built him self |euch a beautif ul residence, should ever leave it for the use of strangers. She understands very little of the native larguage^butfroma few words dropped here and there ehe gathers that the castle was originally lintended for a harem, and sup poses that the rajah's wives found the climate too cold for susceptibie natures. If they disliked the temperature as much as her native servants appear to do, it is no wonder that they deserted the castle, for their groans and moans and shakings of the heed quite infect their mistress, and. make her feel more lonely and nervous than she would otherwise have done, although she finds the house is so large than she can ( nly occupy a smfcll portion of it. The dining hall, which is some forty feet square, is approached by eight doore below, two on each side, whilst a gallery runs round the top of it, supported by a stone balus trade, and containing eight more doors to correspond with those on the ground floor. These upper doors open into the sleeping chambers, which all look out again upon open air verandahs commanding an exten sive view of the hills and plains below. Mrs. Durst an feels very dismal aud isolated as she sits down to her first meal in this splen did dining hall, bat after a few days shs gets reconciled to the loneliness and Bits with Katie on the terraces and amongst the flowers all day long, praying that the fresh bret ze and mouutain air may restore the roses to her darling's cheeks. One thing, however, she cannot make up hex mind to, and that is to sleep upstairs. All the chambers are furnished, for the Rajah Mati Singh is a great ally of the British throne, and keeps up this castle on purpose to ingratiate himself with the English by Uncling it for their use ; bat Ethel has her tid'biougnt down' stair^ and occupies two Tcoms that look out upon the moonlit ter races. She' cannot imagine why the natives are f o averse to thia proceeding on her part. : Tbey gesticulate &ud; chatter — all in double Dutch, sb far as she ia concerned— but she will have her own way, for she feels less loEely when her apartments are all together. Ber Dje goes down on her knees to entreat her mistress to sleep upstairs instead of down ; but Ethel is growing tired of all this demonstration about what she knows nothiDg, and sharply bids her to do as she is told. Yet, as the days go on, there is something unsatisfactory — she cannot tell what — about the ?whole affair. The ser vants are gloomy and discontented, and huddle together in groups, whispering to one another. The Dye is always crying and bugging the child, while she drops myste rious hints about their never seeins Mud lianah again, which makes Ethel's' heart almost stop beating, as she thinks of native insurrections and rebellions, and wonders if the servants mean to murdar her and Katie in revenge for having baen forced to accompany, them to Mandalinati. Meanwhile, eome mysterious circum stances eccur for which Mrs. Dunstan cannot account. One day as she is sitting at her eolitary dinner, with two natives standing behind her chair, she is startled by hearing a sudden rushing wind, and look ing up, fees the eight doors in the gallery open a£d slam again, apparently of their ovtn accord, whilst simultaneously the eight doors on the ground floor which were standing open shut with a loud noise. Ethel looks round ; the two natives are green with fright; but she believes that it is only the wind, though the evening is as calm as can be. She orders them to open the lower doors again, and having done so, they havebaTdly returned to their station behind her chair before, the sixteen doors ' open and shut as before. Mrs. Dunstan is now very angry ; she believes the servants are playing tricks upon her, and she is not the woman to permit such an impertinence with impunity. She rises from the table majestically end leaves the room, but reflec tion thows her that the only thing she can do is to write to her husbaBa on the subject, for she is in the power of her servants so lor g as the remains at -the castle, where they cannot be replaced. Sbe stays in the garden that evening, ; thinking ever the occurrence and its remedy, till long after her child has been put to bed; ard as she re-enters the castle she visits Katie's room before she retires to her own,, and detects the Dje in the act of hanging up a large black shawl across the window that looks out upon the terrace. ' What are you doinsr that for ?' cries Ethel impetuously, her suspicione ready to be aroused by anything, however trivial. The woman stammers and stutters, and finally declares she cannot sleep without a ecreen drawn before the window, -(Bad people's coming and going at night here, ' ehe eays in explanation, ' and look ing in at the window upon the child ; and if they touch missy she will die. Missus bad better let me put up the curtain to keep' them out. They can't do me any harm. It is the child they come for.' ' Bad people coming at night ! What on earth do you mean, Dye ? What people ccme here but our own servants ? If you. \- go on talking such nonsense to me I shall begin to thbjk you drink too much arrack.' ' Missus, please !' replies the native with a deprecatory shrug of the shoulders, 'but Pye speaks the truth! A white woman walks on this terrace every night, looking for her child, and if she sees little Missy, ehe will take her away and then, you wUl bhimepooi Dje for losing'her. ' Better let me put up the curtain, so that «he can't leok in at the 'window !' Ethel calls the woman some opprobrious epithet, but walks away nevertheless, and lets her do as she will; only the next day she writes a full account to Charlie of what she has gone through, and tells him ehe thinks all the servants are goingmad, in which opinion he entirely agrees with her. For 'mad' read 'bad,' he writes back again, 'and I'm with you. There iB no doubt upon the matter, my dear girl. - The brutes don't like the cold and are playing tricks upon you to try and force you to return to the plains. It is a common thing in this country. Don't give way to them, but tell them I'll stop their pay all round if anything unpleasant happens again. I think you must now confess it would Have ' \- been better to take my advice and try a trip home instead. However, as you are at Mandalinati, don't come back until your object in going there is accomplished. I wish I could join you, but it is impossible just yet. Jack Lawless is obliged to go north on business, and I have promised to accompany him. Keep up a good heart, 'dearest, and don't let those brutes think they have any power over you.' 'Going north on business,' exclaims Ethel bitterly, 'and she is going too, I suppose, and Chailie can find time to go with them, though he cannot come to me. .Oh, it is too hard ! It is more than any woman can be expected to bear! I'm sure I wish I had gone to England instead. Then I should at least have had my dear sister to tell my troubles to, and he — he would have been free to flirt with that wretched woman as much as ever he chose.' And the poor wife lies in her bed that night too unhappy to sleep, while she pictures her husband doing all sorts of dishonorable things,instead of snoring as he really is in his own deserted coucb. Her room adjoins that in which the Dye is sleeping with her little girl, and the door between them stands wide open. From where she lies, Ethel can see part of the fiooT of Katie's bedroom, from which the moonlight is excluded in consequence of the great black shawl which the nurse con tinues to pin nightly across the window pane. Suddenly, as she watches the shaded floor, without thinking of it, a streak of mooDshiue darts right athwart it, es °if a corner of tbe curtain had been raised. Always full of fears for her child, Ethel slips off her own bed, and with noise less uxslippered feet runs into the next rcom, only in time to see part of a white - dress upon the terrace as some unseen hand hastily drops the shawl' again. She crosses the floor, and opening the window looks out. Nobody is in Bight. From, vend to end of the broad terraces the moonlight lies TiEdisturbed by any shadow, though -she fancies her ear can discern the -rustling of a garment sweeping the stone founda tion. Ab ebe turns to the darkened chamber . again, sbe finds the Dye is sitting up, awake and ti enabling. ' Who raised that shawl just now, Dye ? Tell me:— I. will know!' says Mrs.' Dunstan. . - ' O ! Mam ! : - -How can poor Dye tell ? Perhaps it was jthe-jEngliBh lady come to : take my little missy Jj,, Q ! r when shall we. go back to Mudlianah' 'arid' be safe again ?' 'English fiddlefiticts ! Don't talk- such rubbien to me. I am'up to all your tricks; but you won't frighten me, and so you may. tell the others. And I- shall not go b^ck . to Mudlianah one day 'sooner for anything you may say or do ? ' ' ' .:? Yet Mrs. Ethel does not feel quite com fortable, even though her words are 60 brave. But shortly afterwards her thoughts are turned into another direction, whether agreeably or otherwise, we shall see. As the is sitting- at breakfast the next morning a shouting of natives and a commotion in the courtyard warns her of a new arrival. She imagines it is her husband, and rushes to meet him. But, to her surprise and chagiin the figure that emerges from the trsEsit is that of Mrs. Lawless, looking as lovely in her travelling dress and rumpled hair as ever she did in the most extravagant costume de bed. ?Aie you surprifced to 6ee me?' she cried, &8 she jumps to the ground. ? Well, my dear, you can hardly be more surprised than I am to find myself here. But the fact is, Jack and the colonel are off to Hoola bad on business, so I thought I would take advantage of their absence to pay you a visit. And I hope you axe glad to sea me?' Of course Mrs. Dunstan says s'e is glai, and in a measure her wordB are true. Sie is gled to keep this fascinating wicked fim uider her eye, where it is impossible ehe can temper with the affectiors of her beloveo Charlie, and she .is glad of her rcmpaiy and conversation, which is a3 tceiable'and liight as a clevor little worn in can mtke it. 'Mrs. Lawless is full of tjiEpaiby, too, with Mia. Dunstan's fears and the bad behavior 'of her aerrsnta, and being a very good linguist, she promised to obtain all the information she can from them, and make them fully understand their mistress's intentions in return. 'It's lucky I came, my dear,'- she says brightly, 'or they might have made them selves still more offensive to you. But you have the dear colonel and Jack to thank for that, for I shouldn't have left horns if they had cot have done so.' f Ah, just as I imagined,' thinks Ethel, 'she would not have left him trales3 sbe had been obliged, and she has the im pudence to tell me so to my very face. However, she is here, and I must make the best of it, and be thankful it has happened so.' And so ehe lays herself out to please ' her guest in order to keep her by her as lorg- as she possibly can. But a few days after Cissy's arrival she receives a letter that evidently discomposes her. She keeps en exclaiming ' How pro vokirg !' and ? How annoying !' as she peruses it,and folds it up with an unmis- . takeable frown on her brow. 'What is the matter?' demands Ethel. ' I hope it is riot bad news.' ' Yes, it is very bad news. They have rcver gone after all, Mrs. Dunstan, and Jack is so vexed I should have left Mud lianah before he started.' ' But now you are here, you will not think of returning directly, I hope,' sajs Ethel, in an anxious voice. ? O, no, I suppose not — it would be so childish— that is unless Jack wishes me to do. But I have hardly recovered from the effects of the journey yet; those transits thake abominably. No, I shall certainly stay here for a few weeks, unless my. hus band srders me to return.' Yet Mrs. Lawless appears undecided and restless from that moment, which Mrs. Dunstan ascribea entirely to her wish to return to Mudlianah and her flirtation with the colonel, and the suspicion makes her receive any allusions to such a ' con tingency with marked coolness. Cie sy Law less busies herself going amongst the .natives, and talking with them about the late disturbances at the castle, und her re port is not satisfactory. . ? ♦Are you easily frightened,- Mrs. Diis \- eten ?' she asks her one day suddenly. ? No, I1 think rot. Why ?' ' Because, you must think me a fool if you like, but' I am, and. the stories your eervants have told me have made me* quite nervous of remaining at the castle.' ' ' A good excuse to leave me and go back to Mudlianah !' thinks Mrs. Dunstan ; and then Bfce draws herself up stiffly, and says ? Indeed ! You must be very credulous if you believe what natives say. What may these dieadf ul stories consist of V ' O ! I daresay you will turn them into ridicule fcecause; perhaps, you donTt believe in ghofeta.' . .; ? Ghosts! I should think not, indeed. Who dors?' '?- -i '-, 'I do, Mrs. Dunstan; and for the good reason that I have eeen more than one.' 'You have seen a spirit? What will you tell me next?' '? . ; ' That I hope you never may, for it is not a pleasant sight. But that has netting to doTvith the present.rumore.', I find that your servants are really' frightened of re maining at the castle. They say there is not a native in the villages round about who would enter it for love or money, and that the reason the Bajah Mati- Sing'h has deserted it is en account of !fs reputation for .being haunted.' :^ 'Every cne has heard of that,' replies Ethel, with a heightened color, 'but no one believes it. Who should it be haunted by?'' - — ?- ? - ' You know what a bad character the Bajah bears for jcruelty and oppression. They say he TSuilfc the castle for a harem, and kidnapped a beautiful English woman, a soldier's daughter, and confined her here f or j-ome years. But, finding one dav that ehe had been attempting to communicate with her own people he had her barbarously put to death with her child a«d the servants he suspected of conniving with her. -Then he established a native harem here, but was obliged to remove it, for ntf infant born in the house ever lived. They say that 86 soon as a child is born under this roof the spirit of the white woman appears to carry it away in place of her own. But tbe natives declare that she is not satisfied with the souls of black children, and that she will continue to appear until she has secured a white child like the one that was murdered before her eVes. And your ser vants assure me that she-lias been seen ~by several of them since coming- here and they feel certain she is waiting for your baby to be born that ehe may carry it away !'# . ' What folly !' cries Mra. Dunstan, whose cheeks have nevertheless \grown very red. 'It is all a ruse in order to make me go home again. In the first place I should be ashamed to believe in such nonsense, and in the second, I do not expect-my baby to be born until I am back to Mudlianah.' - 'But accidents happen sometimes, you know, dear Mrs. Dunstan, and. it would be a terrible thing if you were taken ill up lure. Don't you think, all things con sidered, it would be more prudent for you to go home again.' . 'No, I do not/ replied Mrs. Danstan, decidedly. ' I came here for my child's health, and I shall stay until it is rees tablished.' ? ; ; ' 'But you must feel so lonely by your self.' ' . ;- . ' ; 'X have plenty to do and to think of,' says Ethel, ' and I never want company whilst I am with my little Katie.' She is determined to take neither pity nor advice from the woman who is so anxious to join the colonel again. ' I am glad to hear you eay so,' replied Mrs. Lawless, somewhat timidly, ' because it makes it easier for me to tell you that I am afraid I must leave you. I daresay .you will think me very foolish, but I am too nervous to remain any longer at M«n dalinati. I have not slept a wink for the last-; three nights. I must gp back rto JaW .: ? ?- ?.. . ??; ' Oh ! you must go back'to Jack,' repeats: Mrs. Dunstan, with a sneer at Mrs; Law less.- 'I hate duplicity! Why can't you tell the trutH at once ??' ' . . / . - ' Mrs. Dun&tah; ! What do you mean ?' 'I mean that I know why you are going \- Lack to Mudlianah as well as you do your self. If a all -very well to lay upon- ' Jack1 or this ridiculous, ghost; font, yon don't deceive me. I have known your treachery for a long time past. It is not 'Jack* you go back to cantontentment for — bat my hnebahd, and you are a bad, wicked woman.' '-..-.;. : 'EoryourhuBbandr. cried Cissy' Law- lees, jumping to her feet. ' How dare you insult nze in this manner! What have I ever done to make you credit such an absurdity ?' 'You may call it an absurdity, madam, if you choose, but I call it a diabolical wickedness. ^Haven't you made appoint ments with him, and walked at night in the garden with him, and done all you could to make him faithless Jto his poor trusting- wife ? And you a ?married woman,' too; You ought to be ashamed of vour self!' ' ' ' . . : 4 Mrs.Dunstan, I will not stand this lan guage 8Dy longer. I flirt with your hus band — a man old enough to be my father! You must be out of your senses ! Why, he mutt be fifty if he's a day!' . ? ' He's not fifty,' screams Ethel, in her isge. ' He was only forty- two last birth day. * I don't believe it. His hair ia as gray as a badger. Flirt with the colonel, indeed ! When I want to flirt I shall look for a younger and a handsomer man than your husband, I can tell you.' * . 1 You'd flirt with him if he were eighty you bold, forward girl, and I shall take care to inform Mr.Lawless of the way you have been carrying on with him.' ' I shall go down at once, and tell him mjfelf. You don't suppose I would remain your guest after what has happened for aa hour longer than is absolutely necessary.: 1 wishyougGodmproing,'Mra.Dan8tan,and; a civil tongue for the future;' , - . ?? . \ ? Oh, 6f course/ youil go to MndUanaTi. I wae quite prepared for that ; an excetien. esccee you have found to get back agaiafc Good Say, madam, and the less we ttteet before you start the better. Grey fcsfcbd, indeed ! Why many men are grey at thirty, and I've often been told that he used to b» called, 'Handsome Charlie' when he first joined the service.' - - ? -- - But the wife's indignant protests did not reach the ears of Cissy Lawless, who retires to her own apartments, and does notleave them until she gets into -the transit *gaia and is rattled tack to Mudlianah. When fihe is fairly off there is no , denying that Ethel feels very lonely and very miserable She is not so brave as she pretends to be, and she is conscious that she has betrayed her jenlous fetlicgs in a most unladylike noafcner, -which will make Charlie very angry with her when he conies to- hear of it. So what between her rage and her despair, she passes the' afternoon and even ing in a very hysterical condition of weep ing and moaning, and the excitement and 'fatigue/addeatb terror at' the stories aha has heard, bring on the very calamity agaiEst which Mrs. 'Lawless watnedher. In the middle of the night she is compelled bj illness to summon her Dye to her assis tance, and two frightened women ^do -their best to alarm each other still more, until with the morning's light a poor little baby is born into the world, who had no business strictly speaking, to have enteredit till two months - iBterr and : the preparations t for whose advent are all down at Mudlianab, Poor Ethelhasocly strength aftertheevent to write a few faint lines to in pencil Colonel Dunstan, telling him she is dying and begging him to come to her at once, and then to lie ._ down in a state of utter despair which would assail most women under the circom .stances. She has not sufficient energy to even reprove the Dye, who laments bvar the poor baby as if it were a doomed crea ture, and keeps starting nervously, as night draws on again, at every shadow, although she expected to see the old gentleman at her elbow. She wears out Ethel's*patience at last, for the young mother is depressed and feeble and longs for deep. : So she ordersthenurse tolay her little infant on her arm and to go intojthe next roots as usual and lie down beside Katie's cot; and after ume expostulation, and many tshaklngs of 'her head, the Dye complids^with her mistresa'a request. For 6ome time. ?affer.^ie ia.Lefc alone,' Ethel lies awake, top exhausted even to tleep, and.as she does' ?ad?, her mind is ? filled with the stories she has heard, aniL she clasps her fragile, : infant; clSsf*^ fjg» her ? bosom as she recalls the history of the paar ? murdered mother, whose chiM -was- bar- barously slaughtered before her eyesT But she has too much faith in the teaching of her childhood quite to credit such a mar velloui stoij/andshe compjseslflBrfJ^^y prayer arid holy'thbughifs until shemnra - into a calmn and dreamless slumber. When - sbeTvakessomelhoafsa^ier/?!* ilmotlsad denly, but as though j3omeone were pulling . . . her back to consciousness. Slowly she realises her situation and feels that/some body, the Dye- sne^supposes, is trying to \- take ihe baby from ber arms without tfis turbing.her. : . ? ( -?r. yy *._?..-? . * ' Don't take him from me, Dye,' jshemur- murs sleepily, ' he is so good — he'liaa 'not moved all Bight? '?'*:. .'? \:iiilOU^ ?-Butthe gentle pressure; stall c^ntiriues and then Echel opens her 6yeB,and.eees jiot the dye but a Woman, tall and^fHrely^Eorined /and fair as the day, witiLgoldeifiauijfloat- - ' ing over her shoulders, and a^ild/madlofk :- in her large blue eyes, who Is quieilyjmt forcibly taking theiaby from ieri Already she has one bare arm under the child and : the other ove^lffim^Sid'fieirBgure is bent forward so that ..her -beautiful .face ia almost onsilevel with }thal :^^Mr3.4JJuu stan's. ? ? ' ' ♦ Who are you? What are you doing?' exclaims Ethel in; a voice, of .breathless - alarm, although she doernot at nntie com- . ,- . preheiuLwhy she should experience^. Tha - ? -woman-makes ? no i answer,- -ouP w aher eyes fixed on the child/witb. a sorLoL .wild f '?'??' ' triumph draws it steadily towards her.1 ;-r \- -.. 'Leave my baby alone !; H6ar - daie-f -ra touch -him?' cries JEthel,'. and tnen*;eh» calls aloud, * Dj e't Dy el come to me IV ''? Butat thesotmddf hervoic«^he'i#oman draws the child hastily away, and Ethel , ,.. :?* sees it .reposing- on her arm, whilst she . ., slowly folo^ her white robes about the : little form ..ana hides it,fromjnew._ V ' ard as tbe nurse- rashes to her assistance tbe-^irit woman dowIjJfjHe8]}ifgjrgf£tb. a smile ef success, upon her Ups^ 'Bring a lighW QuIciF-!' cries Ethel. ' 'The Woman has been-here5 she hss stolen my baby: Oh, Dje, makeiiasM; 'laelp me to get out of bed. I will get it -back again if 1 die in the attempt.' ' ' ?.- . . The Dye runs for a lamp and brings iW» the bedfcide as Mrs. Duri&tan;'ls a%temp¥mg toleaveit. . . .. ? ' ♦ Missusdreaming!' she exclaims quickly as the light falls pnjthe pillow.,. * Tjie baby is there — safe asleep;-- '? Missus ^et 4nto^bed . . . again and cover Jap well, or fihe will catch coldi' ?'??-????-* 'Ah! my baby 4' cries Ethel hysterically as she seizeB the tiny creature in her arms, . ' is he really there? ^ Thank- GoS!* it was only a dream. But,.Dye, what is the -mat- ter with him, arid why is hei^sb stiff and cold? Hecannot-r- he icannot be dead!'- ' ' ,':,Z-l _'?'.'.' ' '' ? '' Yes, it was true !? It was 'not a dream after all. The White Woman has carried the eouI of the white child away. ; withjwr, and left nothing 'but the sVnselesa1 liffila, body' behind. _ As Ethel , realises the extent of her misfortune, and the -means -by which it has been ~p~erpetrated,ijBDe*9tnks * back upon her pillowia. a'state of utter unconsciousness. ... :. .,_ rr.-, -...-«? * -r^ -*- * * *- -v- ; ?? - - When eheronce riiore-becomeVitwarii '^f ?? all that is pacing around hbr, she- finds hat husband by her bedside, and Cissy Law-. . lees acting the part of tie most devoted of nurses;. . '. :'?-? ~ ?:*? *? ~ .'-*. v/a---:. ??? : ;? ♦ It was eo wrong of me ;to -leaip you, dear, in th'&t; hnrried manner/ she'wnispera one daj|wheriMrB. Duiistanls convalescent, ' but I was so .angry to think you4 coald suepect me of flirting with' your dear old husband. I ought : to havetold you from the first what all ttose meetings ^and ltttersmeant andi should have done so - : only 'thjBy - involved ftheucharietar-soE nly darUng Jack. The J&Jfc; is, dear, my boy got in to' a ^terrible scrape up country-T-and the.-colonel fia^BiSeileW we tilk of it tbejwtter, Howdve^it had some thing to do with that horrid' gambliilg that men will indulge 4n, and very nearly Io3t Jack Tii« commiEsion and wpuld- have^fdono . po'ifittalln'tiJeen for tiie^delf CbloneL * But he and I plotted and wi»f£ed together . till we got Jack out of hi8-.scrape,and now were hb happy; as two kings ;'autl~ydu wUl :be.so:too,2w:on?t. .yon, 'Sear JMiE :Djaast£&, .now. that you are-^ejl!#gain.a,rid.knosj;th»t; your Charlie has flifted'nomoreTihaaybar self?' .?'-', . r-'= ' I have been terribly to blame,1 replies . poor Ethel. . ' I .Bee Jhat npw# . and ,1 ,haye ;; suffered5 for ft too, bitterly.', Xj,^ * VU '-? i ~*We have aU suf&r;&a;/my^axlTng, says the Colonel tenderiy, * £-atftf&By; teach, ua a valuable leesbn,- never ^telieve that which we have; not jroyad.' ' And nevef to disbelieve that which wa have not disproved1/ retorts Ethel. 'If I had only been a little more credulous and a little lees boastful of my own courage, I . might not , have . lived to see my child torn from-my arms by the -splnt^of -&ha; White Woman.' . . . ' Azd whatever Ethel Dunstan believed or not, I have only, in concludingher story, to reiterate my assertion .that the circam* stances of it are strictly fe-we. . .. : ,-: ===s=f MM.:1 ' ??? 'Judge, you area smart man. J would like to ask tou a question,' remarked CHll hooley to Judge BUwkrtoue, one of the mort eminent lawyers of Austin. 'What in it!? questioned the judge. 'Two twin siiton live in the earns house, ,**t?e .#MflL'8B ran'e age that look precbely dp. Thorn children j^tntf3bed:-up/w]diiBSUiffcesfcion is* bow will tbe mothers _g& at it to find out ^McnTad-belongBtotOOTir' 'If thechfl. dreiHirere asmneb alike as yoa ny,j-erlnps changed*' 'Are .jtn one.-og, US?:.* 5**8S' ir.other will have her own. Glveme somec; thing harder,' 