INTERCOLONIAL. CRICKET MATCHES. VICTORIA V. NEW SOUTH WALES. [By Telegraph.] Melbourne, December 23. The third day's play commenced punctually at noon in the presence of a limited number of spectators. Evans having been unable to reach home in time to attend his brother's funeral, determined that his comrades should not lose his services, and each member of the Kew South Wales Eleven wore a crape band on the left arm out of respect to their veteran bowler who had sacrificed his feel* ings to strengthen their team, the Victorians also pajing to Evans a similar mark of re spect. Mr. J. Swift, the New South Wales umpire, having recovered from bis indisposi tion, resumed bis place at the pavilion end, Horan and Lewis again commenced cau tiously, and the play lasted for twenty minutes before the latter made a run. Toe total had reached 123 when Lewis was clean bowled by Garretb The dismissal of Mid winter was unfortunate, and in his case the acknowledged truism that mistakes will occur was once more veriied, as Mr. Swift, one of the most efficient and impartial of .umpires, [gave Midwinter out as caught by Murdoch at point, whereas the batsman bore a distinct mark showing that the ball had glanced off his arm. The sup porters of the Victorians were, howerer. destined to experience a favorable change of fortune, the next partnership resulting in the addition of no less that 101 runs to the score. Scott, who has justly earned the reputation of being the best all round cricketer in Vic toria, joined Horan with the total at 148, and rattled up runs until the board showed the total to be 309. At this stage Horan fell a victim to a piece of sheer bad lock, playing a ball on to bis foot, whence it rebounded with barely sufficient force to reach the wicket, a bail falling to the ground close to the stomps. The celebrated Victorian bits men during the whole of his long career has never played a more faultless or praise worthy innings. Not a single chance can be urged as, a blot against his perform ance, which was characterised by exemplary patience, Impregnable onffnw. and bitting on both aides of the wicket tuned to a nicety. During Horan'a stay at the wickets it was also rrmnrkahlff that nearly every leg-bit w?nt in a direct line to the fieldsman, and it is only just to Moses, who fielded in that position, to record that be never made the least mistake, and saved by his dexterity and coolness countless 4's. Scott, who after the departure of his club associate, bad Walters for companion, continued bis career without a mistake, and when stumps were drawn for the large total of 352 for eve wickets had got within 3 runs of the coveted century. The high opinion foimed of this young player was amply justified by his splendid innings, and one particular stroke on the off side recalled memories of fo* elder Jtmniuwm^n in his best day. Walter*, too, who is not out with 21, batted quite np to his recently-shown form. The match will be continued to-mono 7. The PtiV. Play was resumed shortly after noon by Horan and Lewis, the notaut men, taking their places at the wickets to the bowling of Garrett and Evans. Buns came very slowly, both bowlers being well on. After he had added 10 to his score Lewis was dean bowled by Garrett, the ball breaking back nicely. 3—15-125. Midwinter joined Horan, and commenced to play very carefully, punishing, however, anything loose. The score mounted slowly to 148, when Midwinter was given oat for a catch by Murdoch at point off Evans, a decision which the batsman evidently crumbled at. 4-16-148. Scott was now anociatedwith Horan, and some fine cricket was witnessed, both men playing freely and withgreat confidence, When the boardsho wed 16G the first change in the bowling took place, Garrett giving place to Cleeve. After S more rani had been added, there was an adjourn ment for lunch, the|score ntanrjing at 171 for four wickets, Horan and Scott being not out with 64 and 13 to their credit. On resuming the batsman played with great jyntiti^ E?ans ""* Garrett'a bowling being well on. A triplet to each batsman, and 18? vrent np. After an interval 4 byes sent up 190 in view. A change of bowling was now deemed advisable. Cleeve relieved Gsnett and Man took the ball from Evans. R ins stiil came, and 200 was greeted with load app'stue when it made its appearance. 210 waa cot lodk in following. Soott got at-inlet for a fi?e forward hit off Man, and Allen relieved him, the board shoving 217. T<ro singles to Horan and a quartette to the same plajerfora long leg-hit off Allen sent 220 up. Scott replied by driving Cleeve to the off chains, repeating the performance in the next over. 230 up. A single to Horan, and Soottagajnffot on to Cleeve anddrovahim him to the off chains for a quartette. Jones now relieved Cleeve, who had been punished severely, and 210 shortly ap peared, Horan —^?fa?g Jones to leg for a couple, Soott got on to a loose one of Allen's, and sent it to the off far 3. He next enicked Jones for a like number, and 250 was recorded. Baunerman now relieved Allco, and Horan sent him to leg for a brace. A alight adjournment here took piaee. the score standing at 253. On resuming Scott cut Jones for 2 and drove him for 4 to the eff chains. Horan then made his century by bitting Jones to leg for 4, bringing 260 up. Bannennan, who bad been bowling overarm, now commenced to vary it with underarm, which, however, was of too soft a character to trouble the batsmen. 270 appeared by ainglea, and then Scott drove Jones beauti tifally to the off **wti* for 4. 230 up. Scott drove Bannerman to the off for a triplet, one being for an overthrow, and 290 appeared. Evans now took the ball from Bannerman and bowled a maiden to Scott. Garrett replaced Jones, and Scott drove him to the chains for 4. Another maiden to Evans, and Garrett sent down the first wide of the match. In the next over Horan played Evans for 2, and after a doll interval hit Evans splendidly to leg for 4, bringing the third century up amidst great applause. Horan was again to the fore, hitting Garrett to leg nicely, and running 4 for it. A short ran, however, was called. Horan hit Garrett touieeff for 2. one of which ought to have been saved had Man not fumbled the ball. The next ball he played on to leg. Itdropped down and rolled slowly on to the wicket, knocking off one haO, a piece of hard lade, as it was acknowledged to be all round. 5—126—309. Horan played a magnificent innings without giving the ghost of aehanoei ? and received an ovation on retiring to the pavilion. Walters came next, "^ sent 310 up by catting Garrett nicely for a triplet. Two maidens followed sbotthr, after which Walters hit Svans very hard to leg. The ball struck Oleeve, who was dose in, on the head, and glanced off high in air~2 being run. The blow knocked down Cleeve, who appeared to be slightly ?*"??>?*. but he did not retire. Soott sent 320 np by driving Garrett to the off chains, and Walters cut Evans nicely for a After 390 had appeared anotfmr adjournment took place. On resuming Garrett and Evans changed ends, bat runs still came. Scott sent 340 op byhittingSvanstolefffor4. At 350 Cleeve relieved Svans, and Moses went on at the oilier end vice Garrett. Very soon after this stomps were drawn for the day, the score standingat 392f0r five wickets, Soott with 97 and Walters 21 not out respectively. The following are the scores :— KEW SOUTH WALES. fiist Innings. .. .. _ .. .. 41! VICTOELL. First Inningi. McDonnell, c dcere. b. Oarntt .. .. _ 15 BoD?or,cOaml*,b.Jo?ss. .. .. _ 41 Bonn. kOsmtt ......... US Lewis. b.Gama .15 taid*int?r. c Murdoch. b.BTSns „ .. .16 Scott, not out _ .. . _ . 97 Walter*, not oat.. ...... 81 Sundries ....... SI Total for fl*e wickets - „ .-85J 