\- ?-' The ffodel Libel Case. HODBL BBOTHBBS, the youthful proprietors of the Daily Northern Standard, are paying for their whistle. They recently made some comments upon J. M'Alister, Bowen agent to the curator of intestate estates. These comments dealt with M'Aliater's official actions, and were, in his opinion, so calculated to damage his reputation, that he entered a suit for libel and claimed £2000 damages. The case was heard at Bowen. The defendants, who, I may say, are inexperienced in this particular journalistic channel, seemed to consider the matter all along as nothing but a high old joke. Recently, they devoted a leading article to the opera tion of what the vulgar would term, " rubbing it in/' and they " let things glide " with an indifference bora of the legal opinions they had been favored with, to the effect that there was no case. in the first proceedings, HodePBros. didn't take the formal trouble of entering any defence at all! Of course judgment went by default. That stage having been arrived at, the defendants succeeded in getting the interlocutory judgment set aside, on the ground that they had been unable, in consequence of Mr. Justice Cooper's absence on circuit, to obtain further I time for delivering statement of defence. Then Judge Cooper fixed the re-hearing for a fresh date. Tom Campbell, one of the late candidates for the Cook district, appeared at this re-hearing on behalf of the defendants, but, being unable to obtain a further ad journment of the case, immediately withdrew. A jary was then empanelled to consider the ques tion of damages, with the result that M'Alister was awarded a " Court plaister " of £500. A correspondent-a Townsville man-who sends me some diffuse comments on the case, seems to be of .opinion that, the existing feeling of rivalry between Bowen and Townsville operated prejudicially against Hodel Bros. He puts it thus:-" Sleepy Hollow, for once in its life, made a move, and had things all its own way. The case is tried before a young Bowen judge,, who, by-the-way, expresses himself pretty plainly, and by a Bowen jury, the plaintiff himself being a Bowenite with, Bowen sympathies. There is no new trial in this Court that could be of any service to the defendants, as the case would only come before the same judge and probably the same jury. The prevailing opinion here is that the case has resolved itself into one of rivalry between Bowen and Towns ville." This wild charge of partiality* and of the case having been decided on a false issue, is not sustained by a particle of evidence that has come under my review. Theonly signs of existing malice and personal feeling which I have been able tb detect, are in my correspondent's own letter, every line of which is splenetically bitter. In my opinion, Hodel Bros, lost their oase from a false sense of security. They cannot grumble at being "potted," seeing that they took no ordinary legal steps to prevent themselves from being potted. No matter how good a defence any party to a suit may have, if he does not enter pleadings, judgment must go by default. Whatever the merits of the case, whatever the result might have- been had the action been formally defended in the ordinary way, it is quite clear that Hodel Bros, could expect nothing else -that they deserved nothing else-than a verdict against them, because they invited it by their inaction. I am not acquainted with the secret springs that guided their conduct. Perhaps they anticipated the typical farthing as the jury's award, and were content to risk letting things slide. If so, they now under stand just what they did risk. They should, in any case, have endeavoured to .produce evidence that a farthing would cover all the damage sustained, even if they admitted the libel. I say that it is absurd for recklessly negligent de fendants-or for their friends and sympathisers on their behalf-to cry out that Bowen is antipathetic to Townsville, and that Bowen is partial, whereas the whole cause of the disastrous ending lies in the inactivity of the defence. It is reported in the North (but I cannot vouch for the truth of the rumor) that Hodel Bros, intend ap pealing to a higher Court and at the same time ap plying for a change of venue. A second report (again unvouched for by me) is that the defendants intend to " sweat it out" in gaol. [Since the above was written, I have heard that a new trial has been granted.-ED.] ' ? - SCANDAL in connection with the North Bundaberg Primary school. Chief party ooncerned is a pupil teacher. Morals. « . . * SAX PKTEBBY, who has a great deal of literary ability, recently submitted an unfinished novel to a friend for criticism. The friend examined it, and, upon Peterby asking for a candid opinion, the former asked: " What in the mischief do you mean by killing off all the characters in the fourth chapter? " " Ha ! That's a splendid idea of mine. In the fifth chapter I'm going to trot out all their ghosts and have them kill each other off. It is going to be one of the most spirited novels of the day." # # # IT has been discovered that regattas are at least, as old as the days of for he records the victory of the tortoise who raced in a shell. Time was not taken, but believed to have been slow. 