; E OHOES OF MELBOURNE ! [By Thk Ghost.] ; The week's proceedings in Parliament have been mOBt uneventful. The -only little episode that has occurred to break the dulness ofr our legislative halls has been a little passage at arms between two of the very grave, reverend, and potent siegnieurs in the ordinarily neaceable Council. Mr. Zeal accused the*Miniater of 'Justice of demeaning himself with ?' the insolence of office,' and there was quite a 'scene,' until the. expression was at length reluctantly withdrawn. ; 'In the 'Assembly the matter would doubtless have paused no stir ; but in the staid Upper House it created quite a flutter of excite ment.. Arid when Mr. Zeal, turning on Mr. Campbell, exclaimed; 'You're ,'a member ? of the Young Men's OhriBtian Association 1' had the gentleman accused pi this dire offence been an Israelite born and bred, there could hardly have been more indignation displayed. After all, there appears to be some life left in the chamber honourable gentlemen 'in an other pla,ce'-are, accustomed to Bpeak :of as containing only ' fossils.' . j In the Assembly quiet has prevailed, and work has been the order of the day. There would in truth ; have been nothing to relieve the dull monotony, of the sit-: tlTlfTfl Iian l£ Tinf. Kn«r» $m* +TlQ itiKannnnDiVtin Major. The senior member forBallarat cannot evidently forget the faotthat he has been overlooked; by his 'Liberal' friends in the Government, and cannot dis diBguisehis chagrin. If language be really,' as the cynic assorts, given man for the . purpoae of; disguising his thoughts, the honourable , and gaUarit' Major most ^assuredly diverts', thd gift to ?. other purposes, for he. 'lets it plainly be seen that, although he sita behind ther Ministers,' he bears them no very great amount of good-will. , He iain their camp, but. not of them. Depend upon it, no very long , time will elapse before the honourable gentleman quita his present position on the back benches of the Government Bide of the House to face his old friends and quondam allies who now support the coalition, or are .members of it. Straws show, so the proverb avers, the way the' wind blows, and it needs no very great amount 'of political prescience to be able to foretell. that ere very long the Opposition, side of the Assembly will not display the beggarly array of empty benches it now presents. ', ;. ? ' ' . .The Budget .discussion has been the piece de resistance during the week. . But there has been, nothing to enliven, it. Mr. Mirams ha3 criticised it. arid so have Messrs. Laurens and M'Intyre, but their orations fell flat tipon the House. These gentlemen havo not the power of a Gladstone to make financial speeches models of parliamentary eloquence, and if the truth must be told, rather bored the listeners than otherwise. The sooner the discussion is cloasd the bettor. Some other peg must.be found on which .to base an indictment against the Ministry than their colourless financial policy. The'luck which is said to attach to odd numbers has not, attended the man Burns on his third trial for the murder of his mate Quinlivan at Wiokliff upwards of three years ago. The jury have found ?him' guilty, and sentence of death; with out any hope of mercy, has, been ,passed upon him; , The case is are jmarkable one, showing on the part of ;Bnrns an amount of hardened villainy !ra.rely . met withl '.Evidence' was given jdUring the trjalp'royirigthat at least one iother victim /..had -been ; foully; '. murdered by Burns, and the man himself only knows how many others have been by his elon hand sent to their dread account. Fortunately for the credit of Victorian humanity wrofcehes of tho typo of the man who now lies under the Bhadow of the gallows are not often found in our midst. After a prolonged infancy the Tramway Bill has at last weatherod all the com plaints incidental to that dangerous period' of things sublunary, and has been sent from the Assembly to the Council. The reproach of being without a means of locomotion whioh all the other capitals of the Australian colonies — even slow-going Adelaide — have . enjoyed for some time paBt, now bidfl fair ere long to be removed. The Council aro not likely to obstruct tho passage of the measure. Thoir 'Lordahips'know the value of com fortable travelling too well to interpose any unnecessary delay. The Oartor insolvency is suffering some queer developments. The police have succeeded in discovering somo £700 worth of the jewelry so mysteriously stolon in a' Bafo in tho hotel where Hooper — who appears at different times to have boon a partner, a brother-in- law, a confiding friend, arid an; enemy of Carter's — had been for' some time past lodging. The so-much-talked-of Collins-street burglary thus turns out to have been no burglary at all. The detectives have all along sus pected as much, and their surmises in this respect are now amply confirmed. The proceedinga will be very shortly removed from the insolvency aide of the Court to the criminal one, and a case that at one time possessed somo extraordinary features may turn out to be a very commonplace ono after all. ' The purchasers of the wreck of the George Roper are making ' a good thing' but of their ' venture, the adverse fates notwithstanding. ? ' They have hardly had a. really fine day, as far as weather is con cerned, and they have had' an infinity of bother with their' men. Gangs of lumpers and men accustomed to 'go down to the sea in.ship3' have been brought from Melbourne and Williamatown, only to strike for higher wages when they arrived at the scene of operations. Thus the uuiiuuttij uay . waa wuscbci, tne pro prietors of the wreck refusing to allow the intended levy of black mail. But despite these various drawbacks each original five hundred pound 'syndicator' has already netted over a thousand, and should the vessel be got off, of which ;here is a probability, will receive another four or five thousand pounds. A good wreck is after all better than even a rich mine. It has beaides the advantage of being a certainty as1 to what is 'under latohes,' and you can't get on to ' poor Btone.' If the old 'Sunken Wracks in its. palmy days 'had managed to, get one pr:two George Ropers, it would not have come to the grief it djd. ? . , Matters, theatrical in, the ^metropolis are quiescent. The indisposition , of Mr. Woodfield necessitated the withdrawal of V The Pirates' .on. Tuesday and the substi tution of 'Patience,' and, Mr. Knight Aston has been engaged by the manage ment of the Princess to replace the invalid' tenor. Signor Verdi has formed a com pany to produce ' legitimate' opera at the Opera House, and, Mr. George Rignold and his troupe are proceeding to Adelaide, and act for the last , time at the Opera to-night; . Tho Polks are nightly delighting large houses at the Bijou, the ' Arabian. Nights' having evidently hit the' popular , taste. : Everyone is. pleased that this pretty little r theatre is \ doing, a good business. ' ? \- ; ,? — ? ? ^ — '? ? - 