trcins or The Beginning op the End. — In oar leading column we have referred to tbe very critical position of affairs in Enrope. Oar latest cablegram states that tbe Spanish Ambassador at Paris has retired from that position. As a rale, the withdrawal of an .m.n.Miraw vs uwv wu»j UlCOilO W1C LCBMliUU U1 friendly intercourse between two bat is also followed by a declaration of war. The Spanish Government would never have instructed their representative to withdraw had they not been promised very mafa>nV outside support, as Spain, single handed, < would never stand "the ghost ot a chance" In a war with France. Prince Bismarck evidently has encouraged Spain to act in the manner stated. The Chess Match.— By a telegram received last night, we learn that Hie ""Hi Hamilton v. Portland and Heywood was won by Hamilton, the results being — Hamilton, - - CoiisiSEn Tram. Horwitz .2 Lyne .. ... ..0 Campbell ... X Heyward.. ... ..0 Btoomfitilil .. .. 0 Miller _ j A second fame between Messrs. Bloomfield and Miller was drawn, as also was the first, and only game, between Messrs. Ra-ndiyon and Chapman. An Old Friend. — Many old Hamil- toaiana and residents of tbe Western Dis trict have been highly gratified this week by a visit from Mr. John Mackersey, one of the most public-spirited and popular of the old pioneers. Mr. Mackersey was the former owner of the Kenilworth estate, and his efforts to improve the breed of etock in the district were highly "successful At tbe same time be took a deep interest in local progress ; was several times elected President of the Dnnaas Shire Council ; end could have been returned for Parliament had he been disposed to accept the position. Tbe crime winch caused such depression in. pastoral pro-, petty about twelve years ago induced Mr. Mackersey to dear oat his interest in Vic toria, and be went to New Zealand, where bis great knowledge of etock, . and ins un- daunted perseverance soon placed him in a position superior to any he had previoaslv held. Wo are glad to find that the heartfelt wish of bis numerous friends in .Victoria that Mr, Mackersey might enjoy bealtfa. faippi- neaS, and prosperity in Ins new home, fan twfiB fulfilled to tbfi tetter, butettiiewme Hme we entertain no doubt that bad he elected to remain amongst na aa the laud of Kenilworth, the same qualities which have induced his success in New Zealand would have pulled him through here. Presentation. — There Is now on view in Mr. Kennan's window a very hand some epergne, supplied to the order _ of the people of Camperdown and district by Messrs. Brush and Drummond, for presents- tion to Mr. John Hillard. A fluted, richly- ornamented column, with three skilfully- moulded griffins at its base, supports three branches ornamented with rams heads, and otherwise embellished, each holding crystal receptacles for fruits or flowers, whilst the whole is topped with a larger crystal dish, beautifully cut, and of splendid quality, liken as a whole the epergne decidedly forms a most hsndsome gift, and bears tbe following inscription: — " Presented to John Hillard, Esq., by parents and friends, as a token of esteem and appreciation of twelve years' faithful service in State School, Camperdown, September, 1883." The pre sentation is to be publicly made under the auspices of the members of the Board of Advice some dsy next week. The Cricket Challenge Cop. — We have received a copy of the rules under which tbe " Salt Challenge Cup" is to be played for. These rules arc an improvement on those framed with respect to the Murray Cup, inasmuch, as it is only to be held for one season by any club before it can become its permanent properly, bnt it would have been more satisfactory bad it been given for tire club winning the most matches during the season, as it is scarcely likely any club will be able to win every match. Again, rule 6 is contradictory. In it, it is first stated that all matches must be played ont, and the next sentence informs us that if the match is not played ont in two days, it will be decided by the result of the first innings. Rule 3 says : — " AU matches to be played on the ground of the holders of (be cup. The Port- laud Club, being the present holders, are open to receive challenges from any clnb within a radios of 75 miles," therefore tbe Ararat and Harrow clubs are, at present, debarred, bnt Bbonld tbe Hamilton Club, say, become the holders, it is presumed, both those clubs would be allowed to compete. We have pointed this out, as this rule is scarcely sufficiently definite. This season the Ararat and Harrow clubs will certainly be debarred, aa aU challenges must be sent in by the 1st November, and the Portland Club is only prepared to accept such as may be sent from clubs within a radios of 75 miles, but next year they may be within the radius, taking the locality of the bolder as a starting point. Why restrict the radius at all ? The wider the circle the greater the competition. Belfast and Warrnambool. — The residents of Belfast would appear to be in censed at the reports which hare been cir culated to the effect that their local steam navigation company bad obtained possession of all the private wharves there and " boy cotted" the Warrnambool and other rival companies, by not allowing them the use of those wharves. Our Belfast corres pondent denied tbe truth of the report some time ago, but our Warrnambool cor respondent repeated it. To- day we publish a telegram from Belfast, showing that toe directors of toe Belfast company have no de sire to monopolise toe wharves. We really think that toe representative of the Warr nambool company was haunted by a shadow; he too easUy took it for granted that be would not be allowed toe use of the wharves leased by tbe rivals of bis employers, where as the most sensible course would have been to first make inquiries and see if his fears were based on feet. Had he, in such a case, been refused, he would, perhaps, have had canReforcomplaint,notoftheBelfast company, but at having allowed them to forestal him, for after all, a company has a right to lease as many wharves as it may please, so long as it is prepared to daly pay toe rents for the" same. " Everything is fair in love and war," and many aver tbe same axiom holds good with respect to trade. Weights of Fleeces. — Mr. C. Gray, of Nareeb Nareeb, sends the following information about his Hamilton show sheep : — " The champion ram cut 16lbs ; toe brother of this ram, sold in Sydney in July, cat last year lTlbs. The three rams ex hibited by me as extra stock cut 151bs, 14£lbs, and 14lb5 respectively. Of the two- tooth rams the prize-taker cut 13&lhs; and the other in the same pen 141bs. A two- tooth, not exhibited, cut 131bs 2oz. An old broken-mouthed ram cut I21bs." Mr. Garden, of Blackwood estate, writes under date October 9th: — "I had the two ewes shorn to-day that fought so hard for the champion prize. The two-tooth ewe that got it, cut llozs more than the four-tooth. It is to be hoped Mr. Garden will furniph exact par ticulars. Parliamentary. — The Argus rays : — "Though the commencement of Thurs day's sittings of the Assembly was stormy, the close was unexpectedly quiet and fruit ful. It was nearly balf-past nine o'clock when tbe Public Service Bill was passed by 51 votes to 11, and a strong opposition acemed imminent. The Corner members bad spoken with contempt of the idea of passing the measure through that evening, and some of them had made a preparation of books and documents indicative of long speeches and a protracted debate. But ap parently the division on tbe Railway Manage ment Bill took tbe heart out of the Corner group. So large a rally in support of the Government was not expected, and tbe result was that obstruction was not attempted, and a large number of important matters were pleasantly settled, and the big bill itself was pushed through in a couple of quiet prac tical ' hours. When toe first stage was reached, Mr- Gaunson, who had intimated that he was prepared, with an oration, duly rose. He contented himself, however, with a few words of protest, and the toil was read a third time and passed by the " Ayes " without a single " No " bring heard. The order to eend toe measure to toe Council was made and was greeted with a cheer that bad spirit in it," Casterton Land Boabd. — On tbe llthinst, Mr. J. T. Blundell presided at Caster- ton, and dealt with applications as under, viz : — County of Dundss, Bee. 19.- — Recom mended — John Carroli, 29a 3r32p, Warrock ; Mary M'Cabe, 319a 3r lOp, and Matilda MCabe, 320a, Youpayaog. County of Normanby — M. Scarborough, 76a lr 29p, Digby ; E. WT. Ley, 320a, and C. Humphries, 119a 3r 35 p, Mocamboro ; J. Jarrad, 301a 3r 6p, Myaring. County of Follett— A. Wedd, 94a Or 21p, Ardno ; W. E. Sealey, 120a, and A. G. Sealey, 201a, Casterton ; J. Howell, 199a 2r 37p, Dergholni ; C. Hand- ley, 319a 3r ; J. Richardson, I36a3r 32p ; C. Richardson, 31Sa 3r 37p; G. Humphries, 259a 3r 16p, and W. Moles, 75a and 55a lr 22p, Kaladabro ; J. Shaw, 320a, Mageppa: E. Gillies, 319a 3r 32p, Nagwarry ; T. Good- win, 319a 2r 28p ; L. Campbell, 319a 3r 37p ; J. Chester, 177a, and J. Newton, 100a, Nangeela. Postponed. — R. . Snmmerville, 38a . lr 3Gp, Killara ; J, . M, K. Nicholson, 320a, Kaladbro ; W. Munro, 201a lr ' 12p T ulloch. Refused — W. H. Tait. 90a, Mocam boro ; B. Heaney, 317a 3r 35p, Bogalara ; W. Gavan,69a3r35p, Casterton ; G. Wright 30a ; W. C. Creed, 45a, aud M. J. Minogue, 312a3r"20p, Werrikoo ; toe 45a applied for by W. C. Creed to be pat np for aale by auction at an upset price of £2 per acre. Sec. 49. — County of Follett — M. A. Astbury, 19a 3r 35p, and J. Astbury, 19a 3r 35p, Dergholm ; C. MTnnes, 20a, Ardno. One acre of land held under license by J.. V. Gasperino in Sandford was ordered to be surveyed, and put up for rale by auction. Sec. 49 : County of Dundas, R. Pierce, la 2r 14p, Casterton. A "Wedding.— The following is from the Geelong Advertiser of toe 12th inet. :— " A wedding which attracted considerable Interest, especially in the Borough of Geelong West, was celebrated at four o'clock yester day afternoon in St. Paul's Church. Tbe bndewas Miss Emily Hobbs, daughter of the mayor of toe borough mentioned, and toe happy man was Mr. Arthur Ball, of Dan- keld. There was a large attendance at toe church to witness the ceremony, which was performed by the Rev. Canon Chalmers, assisted by toe Rev. w. Pritchard. Tbe bride was attired in white calk, with the orthodox wreath and orange blossoms ; and was attended by five bridesmaids (three of whom were her sisters), all attired in plain blue satin. Mrs. Chalmers played toe " Wedding Mjarefa" as toe bridal party left toe chnrrii, and merry chimes were pealed j forth daring toe aftemoon and evenihg'by j toe dmrtobell-nngers." j : Boohara Racks— We learn that 9"®. ""SP1 """ting wOl take place on Boring Day, the . 26th December; as usual, . and I|at toe programme wffl shortly be puWihtd, » Hamilton Milling Company. — At the usual fortnightly meeting of Directors, held on Thursday afternoon, it was resolved to call a special general meeting of share holders for that day fortnight, to take steps for increasing Hw capital of toe company. It appears that the amount ot shares subscribed for, although sufficient to pay for the mill property, is not adequate to provide for toe purchase of any large stock of grain. As toe opening price of wheat in the forthcoming season is expected not to exceed 3s 6d per bushel, toe' Directors are d estrone of pur chasing a good supply to commence with, this being toe usual plan adopted by millers when prices rule low ; but it is not thought desirable to go into toe market with bor rowed capital for toe purpose of baying wheat, and hence the desire to increase the capital. The Whist Tournament. — the first game, in connection with the Mechanics' Institute whist tournament was played last evening, when Messrs. Bray shay and Rippon, scratch, played Messrs. Lodrie and Walker, 15 points. Tbe former caught their oppon ents at 25, but after that, Mr. Walker held "wonderful cards," and when he bad not got them, his partner had. The consequence was that toe " first- class " players got beaten by 16 points, or one more than they bad to concede, the game finishing — Messrs. Lockie and Co. 51, Messrs. Brayshay and Co. 35. The game between Messrs. Bloomfield and Craig, scratch, and Messrs. Hillard and Ken- nan, 10 points, commenced on Thursday eve ning, and when time was called, Messrs. Bloomfield and Co. were 38 to 24. This game will be played out, probably, on this, or Monday evening. Dearie's Minstrels will commence a short season at Hamilton on Monday next. The company in eludes Messrs. Dearin, Gil- more, Gardner, Haverley. and Cohn, whilst the ladies comprise Miss Norah Martin, MisB Amy Howe, and Miss Nelta Stanmore. From tbe critiques of toe performance pub lished in the Ballarat and other papers, we learn that Mr. Dearin can perform the Carnival de Venice from a miniature fiddle not six inches long, draw music from a window shatter like a rock harmonium ; beat " My Grandfather's Clock" out of his mother-in-law's massive bnt, nevertheless, false teeth ; cause a little banjo, so small as to be almost invisible without tbe aid of opera glasses, to make itself heard aU over toe theatre ; extract marie from corks, and blow a. duet from his nostrils through two penny whistles as sweetly as if from a haut boy. Mr. Dearin is sopported by clever comedians, and tbe lady members of tbe troupe are said to be excellent vocalists aod danseuses, so that a good entertainment may be expected. Another Present. — The Committee of tbe Hamilton Mechanics' Institute ac knowledge receipt of another fine oleograph "The Lone Hand," presented to them by Mr. F. Gooderidge. It is gratifying to note these manifestations of good feeling towards our local institutions, and we trust the example may yet find more imitators. Merino Bans. — James Turner and Son, report having sold on Bcconnt of J. T. Edgar Esq., Kadnook, 100 of his pure merino two-tooth rams to Messrs. W. and E. Gatenby, near Forbes, N.S.W.. and 75 of tbe same to C. A. Brigstoke and Co., near Cobar N.S.W., also 75 to the last-named buyer on account Messrs. W. and J. Moodie, Wanda Dale. Land Selection in Western Aus tralia. — Messrs. Forrest and Angove, land agents, have taken up 2000 square miles of land in Kimberley and other districts for a Sydney firm, and 1,500,000 acres for Messrs. Carr, Boyd and O'Dounell, between the Ord River and Fitzroy ; also, 1,000,000, acres in the same territory on account Messrs. J. S. Miller and Co., of Melbourne. " Australian Housewives' Manual" is toe title of a very handy little volume written by " An Old Housekeeper " and published at one shilling by Messrs. A. H. Massina and Co., whose shilling series of standard works has become very popular. The work in question is written by toe same hand as those interesting articles on " Men and How-to Manage Them," and toe informa tion supplied will be found of great service, especially by young housekeepers. A Singular Occurrence. — During toe trial of Mah Poo, at Adelaide on Thurs day, for the mnrder of a fellow countryman, it was intimated that one juror had gone mad during the night,' owing to the strain on his mind. Accordingly a substitute was ap pointed, and the trial will be re -commenced. Stock and Stations. — Messrs. Dal Campbell and Co., in conjunction with Messrs. E. L. B. Dickens and Co., re- port having sold, on account of Mr. T. L. Parker, bis Darling block D station, in the East Darling district of New South Wales, together with 15,000 sheep and 10 horses, to Mr. J. M'Intyre, at a satisfactory price. Lord Neville, son of the Marquis of Abergavenny, on Wednesday proceeded to Sir Samuel Wilson's Ercildoone station, where it is, we believe, his intention to stay for a year or two, in order to benefitjhis health. A Strike at Horsham. — A cor respondent, nnder date 10th October writes : 1 — " The tradesmen who are agitating for a reduction from nine to eight hours per day have resolved to strike, and have arranged to leave in a week. One of the employers gave all his hands notice to leave, aud the others have received notice from their empbyit. All the hands in t-he foundries are involved in the strike. A number of men have been engaged from Adelaide, and although toe strike has taken place at a very busy season, toe employers are certain that tbey will be able to get sufficient bands to carry on opera tions." The Bogus Sweeps. — The Herald says : — At last we hear that toe authorities have_ decided to take steps to proceed criminally against one or two of the most notorious sweep swindlers. If the police go into the matter earnestly and promptly, they will uot experience much difficulty in sus taining a charge of obtaining money under false pretences, against some of tbe rogues. As we have repeatedly pointed out, it is absolutely necessary that whatever measures are taken should be swift, sure, and severe, for after the Cup has been run, very few of the fraudulent sweep promoters will befound in Melbourne." The Quarantine Regulations. — This illustrates the inoperativeness and therefore, toe absurdity of tbe quarantine regulations against sheep imported into "Vic toria from tbe other colonies. A resident of Victoria (bnt living near the South Austra lian border) bought, at toe recent Melbourne ram fair, a few choice Xasmanian sheep. He found, on inquiry, that he would have to wait neacly a fortnight to have them dipped twice — at certain intervals— as a preventive of scab. (So far as he could ascertain there is no scab in Tasmania.) However, be resolved to remove them at once from the bonded etore in which they were quarantined, and placed them on board a steamer bound for MacdonneU Bay, S.A He "travelled" them thence to toe sheep-crossing at Penola, and there passed them into Victoria, without any ordeal of dipping, without any red tape, and he saved time, temper, and money. So says "ffijgles" in toe Australasian Dentistry. — Mr. Thwaites, Surgeon Dentist, Koroitetreet, Warrnambool, will visit. Hamilton (return), 13th ; Portland, Mac's Hotel, 14th, 15th, 16th and 17th October. — (Advt.) 