OKI LN AL CO'illKSl'ON DiCNUE (To thu Eillior of the ' tlbwirrn Mcrouiy.') Sir, — In my letter of the 27t.h ul'inio I called attention to tho delay in inviting tenders for tho j construction of the llla'varra railway lhr--ugh the j ' determined lethargy' of the Engineer iu Chief's j Depnrtmont in not getting the line staked out and working soetious propurcd, although set in motion I over two years since. I did h'pe that thodepu-l talinu to the Minister for Works, on Fiiday last, j would Iiiivq obtained somo information as to the time, however distant, when tenders would bo invited, hut-Mr, Copeland in th i instaiicu seem to havo lost his usual candour, aud soft-soaped tho deputation by telling them that ' the. lino would bo a profitab'o 0110, on account of the mineral wealth of the district ; but that, in consequence of tho destruction of 'the plans by tho Garden Palace fire, the works had necessarily blie.11 delayed. Surveys, howes'or, would he pushed 0 v'i as fast as possiblo. Tho country was dilticult, and would require somo time.' Now, Sir. I think we can dispense with tho statement tljat tho line will bo a profitable one. Tho Parliament of the country has decided that it shall be made, and voted the money for its con si ruction. It is now a matter for tho Executive Government to carry out the will of Parliament, and if I understood the object of' the deputation, it was to a-k that tho lino shnu d lie constiuctod at onco. It's no answer to state that tho country is dilticult. There was a line surveyed by Mr. Surveyor Stephens, nt a cost of something like eight thousand pounds, which lino was a goi d nno, with much easier gradients than tho one in course of survey. Surely tlvo Engineer-in-Chief is re sponsible to tho Minister for not taking tho line kii'wn to he practicable as against one.' stirvoyed .,,,,1 r...„.l„m,„J .,.,,1 uff..r la nr.il rl.. ill II ml lllirt after two years of this kind of work wo hear the answer of the Minister iliat the country is difficult, that tho surveys would ho pushed 011 as quickly as possible, but Would riquiro some time. Now, what this district reqniies and has a right to demand to know is, what lenuth of time is this kind of thing to go oil ) If I am correctly in formed, there's not the ghost of a chanco of know ing when they will ceass surveying between Stanwell Park and the twenty- four mile peg. If the Engineer-in Chief hns not to nbnndon tho idea of getting into tho valley of Illawarra altogether, and run liio Illawarra ruiiway along tlvi top of tho run i:e whero he nut is and cannot get down. I understand the surveyors aro now on an elevation one hundred feet higher than tho top of the Bulli Pass. Need it then bo wondered at that the Minister siiys the country is difficult and will require some timo to survey. Of course, tho Minister states what the Engineer-in-Chief advises. Now, Sir. if the Engineer-in-Chief is satisfied | that he can got down into Stanwell Pftrk, wh- not at onco prepare plans and sections and invite tenders for tho line from WoUongong to Stanwell 1 by doing this they will get the tunnel at Loni-umt Commenced, which will take twelve months longer than any of the others to complete, according to tho usual rate of progre-s in New South Wales, and the people of Illawarra could givo another six or nine months to survey this difficult country, and as the Minister sees no difficulty in commenc ing tho line at both ends, I suppose tho Engineer in-Chief won't bo able to block such a proposition, and thn stalking-horse if the Garden Palace fire won't do, becanso what books wero destroyed by that fire havo been agaiu furnished by Mr. Sur veyor Edwards re levelling tho line botwoen Coal Cliff and WoUongong nearly two months since. I trust Mr. Stuart will soe to thin at once, when ho will be backed up by every man in the district. I also think that everyone in tho district should firmly but respectfully demand that this should bo done at onoe, and accept 110 denial, for no valid reason exists. T. W. GARLICK. North Bulli, 19th Feb., 1S83. 