CAPELLA.. [FROM ODR OWN CORRESPONDENT. 1 . Now that your valuable apaoe may not be taken up eo mnoh with the reports of crjoket, after dinner speeches, and a speech from, the hop. member,, has it has beep during the. Easter holidays, you may hare à opener to, spare fur me the remarkaihare to make. I notioe a correspondent SKthis town, writing last week to a ooutemponR|s^jfinB an aooonnt of a cricket match* played at ' Emerald; It were well if the veracity of his \ statements were undoubted, and. the only excuse we can offer for him ls his extreme youth and inexperience*-for young indeed he must be to make euoh blunders,. We shall only mention one of those mistakes in justioe to those who were playing, and this ft oar reason for referring to the subject at all The "mixed team " had to get thirteen to win in their second innings, and they lost three wickets, notftve, as the correspondent asserts. His next fíentenos is so oontradiotory that one does not know what to make of it For. the amusement of your readers we will re produce it ben-"The captain," he .says,, "of each team drowned ns in that best of . wines, and no * heel taps.' " The tunal speeohes were made, and at a late hoar the call was " bed oh,", and they went like lambs -singing "Over the Garden wall;" just fancy people making speeches, after being drowned 1 He was probably thinking of "Ham- let's Ghost " at the time-and whoever heard of lambs singing "Over the Garden wall" or " in at the Golden gate," either.) 1 There is one matter which he writes about, ^ and in every sentence of which I heartily ^ concur-that is " police protection "-in fact, I have said so muon already on thia acoro that I am really ashamed to approabh the sub- ject again, bat circumstances require of us to raise our voioe once more and ask'for "thal which has been withheld from os «o' long ; for hardly a night passas; but there is a row of some kind. ? About two months ago 4360 acres of land in 80 and 1G0 blocks, were thrown open for selection about Capella, and of this we under- stand not an acre has been selected ; the reason why, is obvious ; compulsory residence is required of the selector according to the' Acts under which it is thrown open. This alone keeps baok thosB who were desirous bf owning some land from selecting, whereas if it had bten thrown open under the conditional olauses of the Aot, which allowed the selector to put a bailiff on to improve, while be him- self went abont his business, earning not only his own livelihood, but that of his labourers on his selection-the whole of the area and more, would be taken np ere this. ' Of course, it ¡B to the interests of the squatters that not an acre of it would be touched. We are glad to notion the change (or the better in the Railway time-table for trains between Capella and Emerald. Tho train will in future arrive forty minutes earlier, and leave in the morning forty minutes later, which will give more time to everyone ; and, we trust that the time for delivering the mails will change aa well. It is simply annoying how they have been managed hitherto. The mails arriving by train were not delivered till the Clermont mail arrived an hour afterwards, and then an hour and a quarter elapsed before we had our letters given to us, and imme- diately afterwards the down mail bag was made up, giving ns no chanoe whatever of porting a reply by the same trsin. Why wait at all for the Clermont mails to arrive before delivering the mails from the south T Let the south mail be delivered atonoe, and tho Cler- mont mail as soon as practicable after its arrival which will now-according to the altered " Railway time-table " be an hour and forty minutes after the arrival of the south mail. I understand a cricket match is being arranged to be played shortly between tbs "Capella C. Club'f and the "Clermont C. Club " on the former club's ground. There is some excitement already evinced as to the result, OB it is supposed the two clubs are about a fair match for oue another, I haven't got the slighest doubt though who the winners will be. Capella of course I ! 1 The weather has been somewhat warm of late, and the cry is now for rain. Capella, April 2, 18S3. Active stops are being taken to increase the naval armaments of Japan. The relations between the Chineso aud Japanese Govern- ments in. regard to the Fooohoo and Corean questions arc reported to be somewhat strained. The president of thc new Govern- mental Steamship Compauy is nbout to start for England to purchase steamers. The paper currency has improved nominally to the extent of 30 per cent, during the last three months. Bankruptcies are, however, reported from all parti of the country. 