The Evelyn Observer. Published Every Friday. FRIDAY, JUNE 8, 1883. The Whittlesea and Heidelberg Shire Councils meet on Monday and Wednes- day next respectively. The gold reef discovered at Research some time back, is, we understand, to be thoroughly tested at once. The second crushing from the Union reef. Diamond Creek, cleaned up last week, gave the result of 58ozs. from 12 tons of stone. We are informed on good authority that a large dog-fox, measuring 4ft. 6in. from tip to tip, was killed on Mr. J. Herbert's run, Diamond Creek, on Monday week last, 28th May . On Friday evening next, 15th inst., a tableaux and concert will be given by amateur threatricals in the Mechanics' Institute, Christmas Hills. Admission, 1s 6d ; children, half- price. Doors open at 7 p.m., and the performance will commence at 7.30 p.m. We understand that the Rev. Mr. Ager, who has been conducting services for the past three years for the Baptist body in the Lilydale district, is about to take charge of a cause at Carlton. It is not yet decided who is to be Mr. Ager's successor. We would again remind our readers that the anniversary of the Church of England, Queenstown, will take place on Tuesday next, the 12th inst., by a tea meeting and a popular lecture by the Rev. Benjamin Rodda. The tea is announced to be on the tables at 5 p.m. sharp, and the lecture to commence at 7.30 p.m. Tickets, admitting to both tea and concert, 1s 6d; children, half- price. Some inconvenience having been occa- sioned through the want of a "Guardian of Minors" for the Eltham district—Mr. W. F. Ford, J.P., who formerly held that appointment, having left the dis- trict—application was made to the Governor-in-Council to appoint Mr. C. S. Wingrove, J.P., in his place, which was at once acceded to, that gentleman having on Friday last received his com- mission. We are also informed that Mr. Wingrove has been elected Lay Representative for the Parochial dis- trict of Eltham, St. Helena, and Nillum- bik in the Church Assembly. As the winter months approach there is a gradual falling off in the gross re- ceipts at the Lilydale Railway Station, although the goods traffic has increased by 256 tons. The figures below will show the actual returns for April and May, viz:—April : 1413 passengers, £168 15s.; goods in, 222 tons, £74 19s ; goods out, 1,154 tons, £6 8s 6d; total, £250 2s 6d, May : 966 passen- gers, £127 ; goods in, 270 tons, £82 3s 10d. ; goods out, 1320 tons, £17 3s 11d ; total, £226 7s 9d. There are in the Territory of New Mexico about two thousand persons belonging to the " Hermanos Peni- tentes," a fanatical religious sect, who believe in the periodical atonement for sin by inflicting on their bodies agonizing tortures. They were origi- nally connected with the Roman Catholic Church ; but Archbishop Laney, shocked by their barbarous cruelties, promulgated a decree banish- ing them from, that communion. Its membership has greatly decreased since, and those now belonging to the order reside principally in but four counties of the territory. Great care is taken to prevent the discovery of their identity, all being masked. While conducting their annual penance the devotees often travel hundreds of miles to undergo the prescribed tor- tures. Los Griegos, a small Mexican village near Albuquerque, boasts of the great body of the penitents. A correspondent of the New York Weekly Herald gives the following description of the sickening scenes enacted at a recent meeting of those fanatics :— "For some distance before the door cactus plants have been thickly strewn upon the ground, and as the barefooted cross bearers approached it one hesita- ted. Instantly half-a-dozen whips descended, upon his bare shoulders, and with a bound he sprang into the thorny plants, his every step and the footsteps of his followers being marked with blood. As the torture grew more terrible the chant grew louder and the thongs fell with more vigour. Reach- ing the door of the house the procession was lost sight of, a sentinel guarding the entrance, and only broken whips and poles and blood bear witness to what transpired within. Issuing from the house the procession reformed and returned to their house of worship, and so, the horrifying exercises con- tinued, one band of penitents succeed- ing another until night, when a grand procession and chant wound up the exercises for the day. During these marches to and from the house of refuge the scene at times was too sickening for description. Powerful men submitted their bodies to the merciless flagellation, until in some instances, the bare muscles was seen quivering at every blow. The whole proceeding was a savage attempt to honour the Easter season. Hitherto the law has made no attempt to check these wild exercises, although once a penitent who threw another bearing a cross into the river near San Juan and drowned him was lynched by the in- furiated spectators." London Mayfair in a recent issue thus recurs to the " Mystery of Berke- ley Square. The mystery of Berkeley Square still remains a mystery. We were in hopes that during the last fortnight a full, final and satisfactory answer would have been given to our question, but we have been disappointed. The story of the haunted house in the heart of Mayfair is so far acquiesced in by the silence of those who know the whole truth, and whose interest it is the whole truth should be known. That story can be recapitulated in few words. The house in Berkeley Square contains at least one room of which the atmosphere is supernaturally fatal to body and mind. A girl saw, heard. or felt, such horror in it that she went mad, and never recovered sanity enough to tell how or why. A gentle- man, a disbeliever in ghosts, dared to sleep in it, and was found a corpse in the middle of the room after frantically ringing, for help in vain.. Rumor sug- gests other cases of the same kind all ending in death, madness, or both, as the result of sleeping, or trying to sleep in that room. The very party wall of the house when touched are found saturated with electric horror It is uninhabited, save by an elderly man and woman who act as caretakers but even these have no access to the room. This is kept locked, the key being in the hands of a mysterious and seemingly nameless person, who comes to the house once every six months, locks up the elderly couple in the base- ment, and then unlocks the room, and occupies himself in it for hours. Finally the house—though in Berkeley Square is neither to be let nor sold. Its mere outside shows it to be given up to decay. M. Czartoryski, M.D., of Stockton, California, writes as follows to the London Lancet:—"During a pro- longed residence in the interior of China, I became acquainted with the fact that the Chinese place great reli- ance during epidemics of dipthoria on the internal use of the fresh juice of limes, and of the fruit itself, which they consume in enormous quantities, it every conceivable form—as lemonade, with native spirits, cut in slices, &c.;— during attacks of this dreadful disease, with most successful results, it hardly ever failing to effect a cure. The Chinese consider it a specific, and will, in case of need do anything to obtain a supply. Since I have come back to California, as also in Louisiana, I have used limes and their juices in my prac- tice as a physician with most successful results in cases if diptheria, even in the most desperate cases. As soon as I take charge of a case of diptheria, I order limes to be administered as freely as possible, in any way the patient can be provailed upon to take them, especially in the form of hot lemonade, sweetened with white sugar and honey, or cut in slices with powdered white sugar. Besides limejuice (which, I sup- pose acts by imparting an exess of oxygen to the circulation, and thereby prevents formation of vibrions, &c;, and so has almost a specific effect of disease), I prescribe whatever drug may be indi- cated to relieve symptoms as they de- velop, and impart strength by appro- priate stimulants and nourishment. How to keep yourself dry.—Eat freely of red herrings and salt leaf. 