SUBURBAN COUNCILS, CITY OF COLLINGWOOD. WEDNESDAY, MARCH B4lH, 1883. PBEsENT-- His Worship the Mayor (Cr. Dwyer), and Crs Turner, Smith, Kelly, Stanton, Wright and M'Burnie. CORRESPONDENCE. From Mr. R. C. T. Morgan, solicitor, referring to the subject of land required for the extension of Langridge- street, and intimating that his client, Mrs. Short, was willing to accept of the sum of £500 instead of £1500 for the portion of her land required. The writer expressed a hope that this great reduction would prevent the trouble and exnense of arbitration. Received and referred to the Council's arbitrator. From, the department of Crown Lands and Survey, asking for tracings of maps or plans of streets within the city, with a view to the preparation of one general map of Melbourne and its suburbs. The Town Clerk and the Surveyor explained that there were no maps or plans in the office except those that had been supplied by the department. Both officers expressed their willingness to give the department every information and assistance. The letter was ordered to be reeeived and a reply for warded to the above effect. From the Secretary Clifton Hill Football Club, asking permission to play football in the Darling Gardens. From the Secretary Crescent Football Club, asking permission to play football in the Victoria Park. From the Secretary Britannia Football Club, to the same effect. These communi cations were ordered to be received, and the Town Clerk was instructed to reply that the Council would offer no objection. From Messrs. M'Kean and Leonard, intimating that they could not approve of the draft transfer of land in re extension of Langridge-street. Received. From Messrs. Godfrey and Bullen, solicitors, intimating that their client, Mr. Peter Henry, would be willing to accept of £500 for his property in Langridge- street, provided the offer be accepted within thirty days. Received and referred to the Council's arbitrator. REPORTS. Public Wlorks Committee. The committee recommended accounts amounting to £194 Os. 2d. be passed for payment.-That Samuel Brailsford's tender for the construction of parts of Henry and Mater-streets, at the bulked sum of £242, be accepted.-That William Flanagan's tender for the reconstruction of Park street, in accordance with plans and speci fications approved by the Council, at the bulked sum of £589 10s., be accepted. That four pitched crossings be constructed in line of Peel- street, at the intersection of Cambridge and Oxford-streets; and one at the intersection of Smith and Otter-streets. The committee report that the period for which the day laborers wages had been raised had expired, and desired instructions from the Council relative thereto. On the motion for the adoption of this report Cr. Turner asked permission to add a clause providing for the distribution of twelve new lamps. Five for Victoria Ward, and seven for Darling Ward. Cr. Smith objected and was under the impression that the city was divided into three wards, but it would appear from what had fallen from Cr. Turner, that there were only two wards. Cr. Turner's pro posal was a most extraordinary one. The public had not asked for additional lamps. Cr. Turner remarked that the Council did not want to be always asked for necessary improvements. Cr. M'Burnie : There are some wooden lamps that appear to be about to give up the ghost. After some further discussion Cr. Smith withdrew his objection, and the clause was adopted. Cr. Kelly called attention to the last paragraph of the report, and moved that the wages of the day laborers be the same as during the last six months. Seconded by Cr. Stanton and carried. The report of the public works committee as amended was adopted. The Finance' Committee. This Committee reported Bank account, Cr. balance at date, £728 5s. 3d.; Dr. cheques not presented, £1600 3s. 3d. Re oommended that accounts amounting to £471 11s. 2d. be passed for payment. This report was adopted without discussion. JOHNSTON STREET BRIDGE. The Town Clerk reported that the speci fications for re-flooring Johnston-street bridge were ready. Instructions were given to call for tenders for the work. LOCAL BOARD OF HEALTH. The Council resolved itself into the Local Board of Health. The Town Clerk, as Secretary, reported that there was no correspondence. His WVorship the Mayor declared the meeting closed, and the Council adjourned after an unusually short sitting. 