THE YOUNG WIDOWER. BY INA L. CASSILT3, Author of " A Strang© Advertiaomcnt," &c;,' Chapter IV.—(Continued). On a previous day Una paid a visit to the poultry-yard of the farm-house, and Wilford was showing her a rare breed of fowls, when Mr. Arundel and his wife came slowly from the lawn. " She is so like Ginevra," said Mr. Arundel, pausing and looking at the little group; '' and she has Ginevra's voice. You remember her voice, it was so peculiarly sweet. Una, come here." Una looked up, and was at his side in a moment. " What is it, Uncle Harry ?" "I want to show you the Alderney cows. I don't suppose you know one when you see her." • v.him] "I don't know that I do, Uncle.-Harry ; please enlighten my ignorance." Her uncle carried her off to the barnyard, and Wilford and Daisy and Laurie followed ; , Nellie lingered behind with her mother. "Isn'tshe beautiful, mamma?" she said," admirably. "I can't help looking at her. She's very like the picture of Aunt Ginevra, • too." " She is.; and she has her father's intellect.' Louis Costello was a very clever man, poos fellow!" "Why poor fellow, mamma? "Wont yott tell me about-Una?" "There-is nothing very particular to tell,7 my dear. I said 'poor fellow,' because he lost his second wife soon after Una's birth, and he. never seemed to me a happy. Tn'ari " Was he married twice then, mamma ?" "Yes. He was a widower when he married your Aunt Ginevra. The Costellos are o£ very good family—originally descended from one of the Spanish hidalgos who came over with the Armada, and there used to be pro , perty in the family:; but Louis Costello'a grandfather-squandered it. Louis Costellar was an architect, and he was getting on very, fairly when Ginevra died; he never_held up his-head after that, and though he.cmly died seven, years ago, he was a man . broken in health, and he left nothing for Una.'.' "Poor Una. And who was his first wife,' .-mamma?" "I don't know, my dear. He married abroad. We lost sight of them so muchjwheir Louis Costello went to London .that we never knew much of them, and he never spoke of his first wife'to any one when he was engaged to Ginevra. I suppose he didtoher; but she did not repeat anything." " But then, mamma, does Una live alone ?'* "No, my dear. She lives with a lady, a distant relation of her father's, inthe city somewhere." ■ And are ;ther e no young people, mam ma?'1. "Yes, two daughters—that is all I know." Nellie-mused a moment. "Mamma," said she, following her own thoughts, " do' you know this evening Una stood by the Weeping Cross?" Mrs. Arundel smiled. " Nellie; you are a very superstitious'child. You cannot expect Una, who was not brought; up in these parts, to have all these ideas* Londoners are terrible soeptics." " But, mamma, it may be true. You know Lilla JDevenish quarrelled with her lover, and they met by the Weeping Cross." "But do I understand you, Nellie, thai; Una has met any Borneo by the Cross 2" "Oh, no, don't laugh at me, mamma ; but then—well," said Nellie, in perplexity, "I wouldn't stand opposite to it." " Nor meet that charming Benedick near it," said a clear voice, and Una's hand wag laid-on Nellie's shoulder. " Una, where did you spring from ?" " That barn door. I was just coming out when I heard what yon said, and jumped out. upon _ you. Haven't you forgiven me for courting my fate at the Weeping Cross ?" Nellie colored. " You see I was born here she said, rather obscurely. "And I was born in Germany, so I ought to be terribly afraid of all omens. If you don't take care I'll go out to-night and look for Lady Guinevere.' "Oh, Una !" Nellie's round eyes opened wide. Una , laughed. "Guinevere and I would be very good com-. ,.pany. .'Idon't mind ghosts. I declare you \- tempt me to seek out a Romeo, for I could • make a trysting- place of the Cross. No ona in these parts would come that way at night, and if they, saw figures in the distance they would be too frightened to approach." Nellie's round face was grave and clouded. "You wouldn't really, Una?" she ques tioned, wistfully. "I have not got a Borneo yet, cousiu raiap, andam notvery likely tofindoneinthese part-:. But I am scandalising you, I know. Coma down to the sea with me before it gets quite dark." "You can't get down to the beach to-night," said Mrs. Arundel. "The tide is in, and washes the base of the cliff. You can get as far as the-platform." " Where I went with Wilford year3 ago," ex* claimed Una. "Oh, let us go, if we may, • Aunt Jenqifred." "Surely, my dear child, only don't, stop too , late, and he careful, for it is a rocky path ; . these children know it well." "I can climb like a goat," said Una, "and Nellie, I mean to go down the path that runs down close to the Weeping Bock; must not I use it—is it 'eerie?' " No," said Nellie, wisely, "because it is near the rock. That is the path Sir Engal harde was coming up by to meet Guinevere when his boat was driven on to the Weeping Bock and he was drowned." "As a warning to all other Sir Engelhardes who make trysts with young ladies against their papas' wishes," said Una, irreverently. "Wilford, we are goingdown to the platform. I must have one long look at the sea before we go in." Down to the platform they went, Una de« . scending the steep unequal path with a quick ness and readiness that distanced even Wil . -ford, and showed that, whether used to climb • ing or not, she took to it "as. to the mmner born." Once on the broad platform of cliff. Una went straight to the edge, and stood there with the light evening breeze fluttering her short curls, gazing out over-the great ex pense of -water in rapt silence. - She seemed awed and entirely subdued by the melancholy " grandeur of the scene before her, and hardly spoke a word till the dusk- began to deepen . .into darkness, and Mr. Arundel from the cliff above called for them to come up. Una started then, and without a word obeyed hen uncle, and was soon by his side. "Please forgive me,"she'"said; "I quite forgot everything^ looking at the sea." 44 You romantic puss," said Mr. Arundel, ' fondly stroking the soft hair, "but that path is not safe at dusk unless you knew it very well. To-morrow you can have your fill of the sea. Let us go in now ana have some music. I want to hear you play and sing. Your mother had a lovely voice, and so ouguh you to have." Una had some rare music in her portfolio,' She played lovely mor.ceatue of Mendelssohn and Schumann, and delighted her uncle, whci had not oxpccted to hear her piay so well. Una threw a wonderful depth of. feeling into her playing, and her delicacy of touch and breadth of style showed that she had been carefully trained. But when she sang, choosing first one of Schubert's beautiful ballads, hardly known in England, Mr. Arundel covered bis face, apd his thoughts spanned ths long years that l?ad passed since Ginevra sat in that same room and sang to him in the evening shadows.- Una had her mother's rich mezzorsoprano voice—a won* derfully pathetic voice—well suited for the music she had cnosen; hut. when, in response to a clamorous demand from all present sang a more dramatic song, she flung into it a passion and power that startled her uncle. " Child," he said, laying his hand on her shoulder as she rose from the piano, " your ' mother had not that power; i3 it from your father?" "Perhaps," said Una, smiling a little." Her eyes drooped; she was reserved about herself. "You cpuld not sing as you sang to-night uiilf8s.you.had suffered," said ;Mr. Arundel, in a low voice; Por a moment Una lifted her eyes with a look that puzzled-, him, and then the ready smile flitted oyer her lips,again. "Most people have suffered," she said; "besides, in music — especially dramatic music—you are carried away, out of your natural self." "H'm!" said Mr. Arundel. Ha released her, but her answer was hardly satisfactory. Had she alrcadj learned to employ the volto sciolto to conceal the pensieri sirelti; if so—in what school! 41 Bah!" ho said to himself that night, as hg laid his head on his pillow. " She is top young to have suffered much. LTna cannot he more than twenty- two." "Suffered !" said Una, as she leaned out of ber window, and looked up at the world of glittering stars above her. " I wonder why some people suffer- so much? I feel so ■weary sometimes, oh! so weary!" Sha , pressed 'herliands tightly,ov^r ,her: forehead . and tunned -back into-the. room. i The moon poured its cold, solemn light full on the ' crucifix in the niche over 'the liiltle prayer* , desk, .and instinctively'Una f«;ll down on her kneeS bigfore it and.bid' her,face, murmuring : in., passionate. phasing—"OhJ hplp me, Jesus, Loedi have .msix-y on am.-" and then, i- aftena paused a-pause of am>ag mental con tent— cpiuj.-, Iho wofds. o.f trust iwid: resigaa ; linn, often, sp hard.' to .utter,- " Yat; not my (Ho to coniittuudij . 