THIE STOLEX WILL (BY ARCHInxEDES.) BOOK 11. CHAPTER X. ruTIE nEIGN.? .o DEATH. Gradually the pale light in the east on the frosty winter's morning increased and increased, dispersing the darkness of night, as the God of Day, in all'the magnificence of his brightness, heralded by the brilliant and -varied hues which announced his advent, crept slowly and majestically over the tops of the hills in the vicinity of The Glen. Thice snow liad ceased, ithe sky was clear and cloudless, the aiir crisp,-frosty- and invigorating the morning was one of those.sharp frosty ones, with a bright saui shining ,overhead, which are so frequently expe rienced in the oak-bound island. The servants in The Glen were astir, the men in the stable and grounds had long been at their work, the carrier on the road went whistling along, the early morning train came shrieking into the station ill portions of creation appeared to relish the flue.bracing. morning.: But there in the-sombre-lighted library of 'bThe Glen,,, with the light of day strug gling to pentirate the fohls of the cur tains and deaden the lightof thie candles which were turning in the sockets of the holders, with everything miotionless and Sstill, thile squire of The Glen sat motion less and stiff, with the head bowed for ward. Presently the housemaid entered, but seeing her master sitting at the table, she lhastily withdirew. The ten urn steamed on the table, the fire burned brightly in the grate in the breakfast room, and Mrs. Bargraves and Florence sat quietly waiting Mr. Pendergast's airival. After a tedious pause, Mrs. Margraves said, "My dear Florence, I think we.had better get breakfast. Mr. Pendergast was; I know, up very late last night, and may not feel inclined to rise at his usual hour this morning." The two ladies sat down to the table, but little did either appear to care for the delicacies placed before them. IMrs. I=argraves seemed to be pro-occupied, and at the slightest sound would pale and start and turn to the door as if in expectation of. some unusual announce nient. Florence, on the other hand, was ill anid pining, and could not partakce of the meial before "her. Every morsel sectied as if it would choice her,'and it was with the utmost difficulty that she kept back the heart-broken sobs rising iill her throat. Oh I what a lchange had conime over her hitheato bright, and mun clouded life during the past six months. The love of Lionel, which had been tilhe nourishment of her soul, was denied liher, and even tihe fond, affectionate salute of her dear uncle and guardian appeared to become less frequent and less warm. To such a nature as Florence's, love was an essential support-it was food and drink-with it the fair but fragile flower would grow and strengthen as it grew ; without it, the chill frost of indifference or neglect would only too soon settle on it, and it would wither and decay away. After the laIdies had risen from the table, Florence was proceeding down the passage to tihe hall door, when she met Mary, the housemaid. "Good morning, Mary. Has uncle not-yet come down," " .Not down stairs, Miss ; but he is in the library. I think hlie has been writing all night, Miss Florence, for wheti ,I opened the door to go in and clean out the room this morning, Isaw him sitting at the table and the candles still burning, although it was broad daylight, Miss Florence." Mary proceeded on her way, but Flo rence turned and went upstairs to the library. Having reached the door she knocked, ibut receiving no answer, she opened the deoor and went in. " The room hsd a peculiar and weird-like appear ance; the damask curtains were suffi ciently heavy to prevent the daylight penetrating into thile apartment to any greatdegree, and the room was, therefore, Sdimly lighted, the candles out, with the exception of one, flickering spasmodically before fiially yielding up the ghost. The fire was out, and the room felt chilly after the warm breakfast reoomn just left by Florence. As soon as she could anecustom her eye to the dimness of the room, she discovered her uncle with his head bowed on thie table, apparently fast asleep., " 'Poor uncle ! " murmured Florence ; " hie is overcome ,with fatigue and ihas fallen asleep. But it will not do for him to sit here." .Florence then went to the window, drew aside the curtains and opened the .i'hidow. to let .in the air. She then approached her uncle and shook him gently. The ghastly paleness of that dear face struck terror to her heart, the clammy coldness of the loved hand pro duced a sinking and sickening feeling, the stiffness of the arm alarmed her. " Oh I uncle, dear uncle, you are.ill I Waks up; wake up-dlo wake up, dear uncle." Her cries and her shaking had no effect on the dear but rigid features, \--.-and at -.last the terrible reality slowly dawned on her that Death had stolen into that room during thel night, sand had removed from her the only one who lired tind elerished her on earth. With a piereing,-heartrending cry sloe dropped on her knees before the immoe able form in the chair, and with shriek lipon shriek, siao fell backwards in a The' plercing shriek was beard throughout the house. Servonts flew hither and thither not knowing in what direction to proceed, some going one \- way snuioe another, and others remaining panic stricken and immovable in the passage. The'only person who appeared to exercise any presence of mind was Mrs. Hargraves, who, though pale uiod trembling, came forward and said to the frighotened domestics, "The cry appeared to come fremn the . library." r "Thither procee-led sil, sad whlen ti apartment was reached a sight was pre sented to their gaze sufficient to terrify the boldest of them, for there, sitting is the ariclohir wa-s the dead, and stretched on the floor leside the chair was Flo rense, apparently lifeless. The scene of confusion cannot be described, but here the geoeral firmness and superior intel lect of Mrs. IIorgraves asserted itself, as she took the commmaod of the pro ceedings. At loer commaods cuen were despatched to the deotor, to Mr. Lloyd the lawyer, and to other persons whose presence was nocessary, while thse body of the late mnater of Tii Gles was takon to the bedraom, aod Florence, still un conscious, was curried by the females to her room. All was confusion for a time, and then the silence of death reigned around the house, a silence unknown in that until recently happy home for very many years. The servants glided ever the floors and passages and spoke in whis pers, as if fearful lest by the slightest noise they should disturb the long, long slumber of their beloved master. And then followed the mournful ceremonies too well known in many a household,; and of which too many of us have pain ful reminiscences, until at length the hearse stood before the door, the ear riages of the neighboring gentry in numn bhers being there to take part in the solemn procession; the stately j-t black plumes on the hearse, the flowing crape from th% hats of undertakers and mourners; the deep, deep silence reigning around; the villagers in groups around the place, women weeping and men scarcely keep ing back thle sobs rising at losing a well beloved landlord and benefactor the placing of the coffin in the vehiclo to convey the remains of a good and honored man to their last resting place; the procession slowly noving along and winding around the carriage way to the boundary gate; all, all were witnessed by one deuatlh-pale lovely young woman as she sat in 1a semi- unconscious state in -the window recess. The procession slowly wound round into the road towards the village churchyard, the bell from the tower tolling its mournful tale of a soul departed; the last glimpse of the hearse anti its contents seen as it wound round the clump of trees and was hidden from view, antd in a paroxysm of grief, with sobs threatening to rend lher bosom asunder, she sank on her knees with " Oh Lord lhave mercy on me-I aim alone in the world now !" Poor gentle dove ; alas, alas, alone in the world. Doonmed to fight its hard and teerible battles; often to want the guidance of the loved and departed friend and foster-parent. - (To be continued.) 