ST. PAUL'S CBVBCH. RELIGIOUS CELEBRATION. Service was held in St. Paul's Church last Frilay forenoon. The Rev. R. R. Eva officiated. The attendance was very small indeed. By some misunderstanding the service bad to be conducted without the accompaniment of the organ. It was thought that Mr. Christmas had possession of the key, and no effort was made to open it, but it was found oat late in the day that it was not locked. CHILDREN'S SERVICE About half-past tbreeo'clock the children be Iongiogto the Sunday School assembled in great force outside the new edifice, and shortly before four o'clock they were formed into procession, and about 500 of them, both big and little, marched into William-streetheadedbytwoboys carrying a banner ou which was written— 'St. Paul's Church. Rockhampton.' They formed a verv Drettv siebt as they turned into Alma-street with lads here and there carrying banners, and the teachers alongside their respective classes. They went np this thoroughfare as far as the Alma Hotel, when they turned into Denham-street, down which they came as far as Easwtreet They came along this street into William-street to the church, into which they marched in regular order, the girls taking one side or the nave and the boys the other. Immediately in the front were the boys and girls from the Orphanage and people from the Benevolent Asylum, all clad in white garments. With Miss Barkec to take care of them the little ones, who were brought down to the church in a 'bus and the Invincible, kindly lent by Messrs. Eutherford Bros, and Mr. F- Pratt for the occasion, looked the picture of happiness, and the Super intendent had reason to be proud of them, as they are, almost without an exception, as fat and h-althy looking as could be desired. The service was opened by the singing of that hymn well-known to children — *' There is a happy land not far away,' in which they all juined heart and souL The nsoal children's service was pone tbrongb, and Dr. Stantou, Bishop of Northern Queensland, ascended the pulpit, and addressed those present, taking for his text the words : ? ?* Let us go unto the house of the Lord.'— Psalm exxn. 1 v.. which the children ? U».J .(t.r1-iin Rohan* been in Brisbane. and be had there Been a house that was s. very beautiful one. that had more rooms in it, was better furnished than any house there, and was surrounded by beautiful gardens and grassy lawns. Well, they could no doubt guess who it was built for ; it was for the Governor of the colony of Queensland. There w&fl; a new Governor coming oat here, and do doubt he would be very much pleased with it. But if instead of that they had built a very poor honse — a sort of bark humpy, well the Governor would say. 'If tbese people cannot afford, and have no money, to build me a better house, then of course that is very good ; hpt these people are able to baud a mnch better place.' They would by that see how right and how wise it was to build a fine large bouse for the Governor. Well, now they were in that beautiful house, which they called the bouse of God, because it was there they met together to speak and think of Him. It was quite right to build such a large handsome Church as that When Rockhampton was a small place, and they had very few people, of course that litde wooden Church was the best they could build, but now they saw the town had bo much increased and was so prosperouB, and people were living in nch nice houses, and it was right they should erect a beautiful building, like that they were in, to His service. They must now think for a moment what the new Church would do for ttem. sod what in turn could be done for Hie Church. Well, directly thev entered that large doorway there at the front what w. it they found I Brat in front of them. It was the font, which he was very glad to learn had been obtained by le neneesnd the savings of tfie Sunday Schoolchildren. The first thing, tijerefore, that tie Church could do Jot them was to stamp God'e name on their foreheads when they were brought up for baptism. If they looked at a penny or a sixpence, on one srie they would Bee an image or figure ot the Queen stamped. Well, at first it was a piece copper, then made round, and that image engraved on it Then it was the coin of the realm, and had a new value. That was one of the first things the new Church would o They would be brought there and stamped and become God'e children. What a wonderful thing was the telegraph, by means of which they could send messages to people in other countries, hundreds and hunareds of miles away ; but prayer was a more wonderful thing than that, as they could all ask God and speak to him, and he would answer them, ow let them ask what they could do for the new Church in return. Though they were children they could do something ; they could try to get to church very regularly. It ?hauld be to them a kind of home, a place where they longed to be, and in which they always felt happy. He wondered if there was any present who could count the number of stones in that building; he doubted if even Mr. Sanderson, who constructed it, could tell them, as they were so many, and many of them were so email. And then the stones themselves were composed of tiny grains of sand, and it was called sandstone. That was exactly like children making up a church, as no matter how small they were they could do something. Look how many t took to make np a congregation, but each one should try and bring a friend or mate and build up the Church. They could bring them to the Church and the Sunday School, and even if there were only twenty of them, and they each brought one there would be forty ; if that lot did the same there would be eishtv : and so on until there was a very large number indeed. If they did that they would not only make themselves happy, but their friends also. In conclusion, he warned the little ones that when they came into God's house they must do so with clean hearts, so that they would beautify tbe new sanctuary. Another popular Sunday School hymn was sung with great earnestness, and the short service brought to a close by His Lordship the Bishop of Brisbane pronouncing the Benediction. THE FESTIVITIES. The children from the Orphanage and the inmates of the Benevolent Asylnm were now conducted by ladies and gentlemen who took an active part io the proceedings into the hall of the School of Arts, and after they were all made as comfortable as possible, the children marched in procession from the new Church to the place of amusement, which was nicely decorated with flags and evergreens, where tile girls were at once provided with seals. The boys of course came last, and were eager for the signal to start the demolishment of the good things provided. After grace had been sung all set to work with * will, and teachers had all they could do to keep the plates replenished and the cups filled with tea. About an hour was occupied in rilis regard, and many did not seem inclined to shift their lodgings. As all things must come to an end bo did the tea, and once wore the children marched back to the old Church, where they were packed like herrings in a barrel. They did not, however, seem to mind it a bit, as on entering the edifice they were each given a ticket and warned not to lose it or they would not get a prize. In the centre of the room was a large tree placed inside a cask and fixed, and glimpses were to be caught here and there of doll's heads, kettledrums, and many other articlea dear to juveniles. It was covered with a white cloth, and of course great anxiety was felt for the removal of it. The room was comfortably filled, and there were fully six hnndred present In the nave were the Lord Bishops, and the several clergy cow visiting Rockhampton. When quietness bad been obtained the pro ceedings were opened by the Rev. W. A. Diggens. who referred to the programme for the evening's entertainment He intimated that he would at a later stage of the meeting call on Bishop Stanton to address them, which was received with applause. A choice selec tion was very tastefully played by a young lady, which was followed by recita tions, and a duet on the piano by two young ladies. ^Ve mav here mention that tbe piano was kindly lent by Mr. Blanchard, of Beale and Company, and the one used in the School of Arts on Thursday evening was also gratituously supplied by the same firm. BiBhnp Stanton delivered a very humourous address, which much pleased tbelittleones, and nodouht many of the grown up persons present He told them that they ought indeed to be grateful to their teachers for tbe plum cake, currant buns, oranges, lollies, &c; with which they had been regaled. They should also be thankful to Mr. Davis for tbe handsome presents that he would give them. The teachers iu the Sunday School and parents should work together and so build up God's Church, and they shonld come to worhip on Sunday deeply thankful for the good things they had received. Mr. DavU, who had kindly pro vided the gift tree, called on the Sunday scholars to give three cheers each for the Bishops and tiie clergy ; for Mr. and Mrs, Diggens ; for Mr. Friend and Mr. King, Superintendent and Secretary respectively ; and for Sir. A. T. Wood, without whose assistance he could not have carried ont the arrangemente for the gifts. They were given in grand style. Bs iwcrrBd in ooninli* xoentary texans to the effort* of the ladies and others, but did not call for cheers for them. It was certainly an over sight, and waa remarked upon by many present, as the manner in which the ladies worked to attend to the children, after pro viding the tea gratuitously, was very hard, every effort being nsed by them to make the little ones as comfortable as possible. The distribution of the gifts occupied con siderable time, but it is unnecessary to state that all thoroughly enjoyed themselves, ana the opening of St Paul's Church will long be remembered by those who took part in Friday's proceedings. Not a single hitch occurred, and everything went smoothly, each teacher doing his or her utmost to help the CONFIRMATION SERVICE. The announcement that confirmation service would take place in St Paul's Church drew a large number of people thither on Saturday evening. The church was filled in every part. In the front seats in the centre of the Church were the candidates for confirmation. After a shortened form of evening service read by the Bev. W. Morris, of Bundaberg, Bishop Hale delivered an interesting address from the pulpit to the congregation. He remarked that confirmation services were not of very frequent occurrence, and there were perhaps many who bad not given much thought to it. and he therefore thought it expedient on suclr occasions to make a few remarks in explana tion of the rite. Christians were always designated as one body, and Christianity was called a fellowship, into which everyone must be admitted, as they were not born Christians. As in all companies, or associations, or societies, formed for varied purposes, there were some official form to be gone through before a person could be admitted as a member, bo must there also be regarding tbe Christian Church. It was constituted by their Lord himself, who gave the order to His desciples 'Go ye, therefore, and make disciples of all nations, baptising them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost' A part of that form was that they should pledge themselves to abide by the rules, orders, and regulations of the body to which they were admitted, and to signify their consent to them. Were infants then to be denied admission into Christ's Church, because they could not promise in their own persons to abide by tbe rules set down for their guidance. No ; they must remember that there was no euch thing as a person being part in covenant and part out of covenant with the Church, and it must be either one or the other. It was oulv when they were admitted by the appointed means — baptism, they were members of that body. Children were admitted into covenant with God in their infancy by baptism, and their god-parents bail to promise tuat tuey wouin see that every child was brought to the Bishop to be confirmed. A great many who wefe confirmed, because they felt it to be their duty as faithful and obedient children, but he hoped in addition they had earnestly in their ''tv!' a desire to dedieate themselves afresh to God's service. By being confirmed they renewed those pro mises in their own persons made for them at their baptism, and came there to ask God's blessing, and to ask that the grace of the Holy Spirit might be given to them in order that they might abide nnder that covenant nntfl their life's end. He hoped all others would join in asking God to pour those bles sings on them, ana that a large measure of His Holy Spirit might rest on them now and henceforth. No doubt the candidates were known individually to many of the congrega tion, and what could be more beneficial to them than to act as he snggefited. Addressing himself to the candidates His Lordship asked them that even if others did pray for them how could they expect prayers to be answered if they did not pray personally. He con cluded the address by an eloquent appeal to all to pray that God'e blessing should rest upon them, and that they should be given power to fulfil all tbe promises they were about to make. Archdeacon Glennie then read the first portion of the confirmation Ber vices, and the Lord Bishop of Brisbane repeated the solemn prayer — ' Do ye here, in the presence of God and in this con gregation, renew the solemn promise name at your baptism ; ratifying and acknowledge youtselves bound to believe, and to do, all those things which your godfathers and godmothers then undertook for you.' — which was answered by one and all in a clear — ' I do.' The service was proceeded with, and the young ladies, twenty-three in number, knelt at the altar, six at a time, and the Bishop laying his hand on their beads repeated the prayer— 'Defend, O Lord, this thy servant with Thy heavenly grace, that she Thy everlasting Kingdom. Amen.' After the girls had heenaconfirmed the oojb and men to the number of nineteen — also proceeded to the altar, when the Bishop also laid bis hands on +t-*»'i^ and invoked a similar blesBing on them. The service was concluded with the Benediction. SUNDAY SERVICES. The sacred edifice was again crowded Sun Volunteers marched in procession from tbe drill Bhed to the comer of William and Alma Streets, where they disbanded, and proceeded to the several churches to which they be longed, reassembling at the conclusion of the services, and marching back to the Drill Shed. The most interesting part of the service was tile ordination of Mr. A. C Yorhe as curate of this parish, and to assist the Rev. W. A. Diggens in ministering to the spiritnal wants of tbe people in the country phwes within the Central District. At soon u a hymn had been sung, Mr. Yorke advanced to toe-altar, and Archdeacon Glennie, according to the pre scribed rale of the Church, said to the Bishop 'Reverend Father in God, I present onto yon this person present, to be admitted a deacop,' and the Bishop asked that if there were any who knew any impediment or notable crime in the person presented to be ordained deacon, for which be ought not to be admitted to that office, let him in the name of God come forth mod show what it was. After a short pause the Litany and other prayers were read, and the Bishop placing his bands on the head of Mr. Yorke, who was kneeling in front of the altar, said — 'Take thon authority to execute the office of deacon in the Church of God committed, unto thee; in the name of the Father, and of the Son, a^d of the Holy Ghost.' He then handed him a New Testa ment repeating the words — ' Take tbon authority to read the Gospel and to preach tbe same, if thoa be thereto licensed by tbe Bishop himself.' His Lordship, the Bishop of Brisbane, then delivered a very appropriate sermon, taking as his text the words—' The harvest truly is plentiful, bat the labourers are few. pray ye therefore the Lord of the har vest, that He would send forth labourers onto HIb harvest— Matthew IX, 37 and 38 v.' He said every thoughtful person who went about this eoloDy would continually have brought before bis mind those words. There was only one remedy for that state of affairs, and that was prayer. They should use every effort to multiply the labourers in God's vineyards, and eend them forth to accomplish the great task before them. That day ooe more had been added to the labourers, bat how many were wanted. They should also pray that the nnm ber aboald be increased ; bat what was the use of those prayers unless they made them with the expectation that they would produce some result, and felt at the same time that God was listening to them, and would answer them. They should think of tbe many who were living altogether away from the ministrations of God and he asked them to consider it. Now that God had done great things for them was the time they should think of the spiritual desti tution of others. Did they think that God had given tbetn life so that they might simply grow rich, and aggrandise themselves. Jso ; he had pat them there that they could hold that land for his honour, and tbat they should extend the blessings he ponred on them to others. That was a matter that he should im press upon, them as long as God gave him a mind to think, and a voice to speak. When he was called to the Ministry of the diocese it was for tbe special reason -tbat there were many places going oat of the ministrations of God. He was therefore, bidden to come here, and supply the great want of ' labourers in tfae harvest.' In order to push that work for word he had ioatituted the General Church Fond, by means of which some of the most valaable clergy in the mother country bad been brought oat to Queensland. It was owing to that fond that they bad Mr. Diggcns, through whose indomitable perseverance that house of God had been reared over their heads. They had derived great benefits from that fund, but bad made bat poor returns for them. They had not, however, lost the power of extending those benefits, and he rejoiced that there were persons, who chose take the provision of an ad ditional clergyman for this district into their own hands. Might God prosper them for it. Mr. Diggens told him that be had now in hand the sum of £100, which had come from 8 station at a considerable distance from Bockhampton, given expressly for general church purposes, and it had been deposited in the bank for tbe purpose of pro viding an additional clergyman's stipend. He must congratulate the people of this district on the desire to see the work of God extended, and for having taken the matter np themselves. He asked them for no further contribution to the General Church Fond, but asked them to support the project taken in hand by them selves, and to support it by every means in appoint a fitting committee, composed of gentlemen both in Rockbampton and the Burroanding country stations, to carry the matter forward, and to extend tbe benefits of religion up to the northern boundary of the diocese, and ont west to where people were living without eujoying the same privileges ae they were. Now, the station from which that £100 came was Torilla, which was by no means one of tbe larjze stations, but a small one, almost on the bordera of Northern Queensland. There were many stations yielding a much larger revenue than Torilla. and con Id therefore afford a larger contribution. As they had failed to give half to the southern part of the diocese in that regard, he left it to them to see that the right thing was done. He asked them all to be constant in praying not only for the servant, who had that day been set apart for God's service, bat also for their own pastor, Mr. Diggeos, who had been so long amongst them, and to whom they were deeply indebted. Some people might say that the pastor was cold in his remarks, and tbat their hearts were not wanned by his discourses, but they should pray that God would grant to him a large measure of His blessing, and instil into him the power to pierce their hearts. Hjb Lordship concluded his discourse by pointing oat to the congregation the canse they had to be thankful to their God, and appealed to them to continue the good work they had began, viz., that of ministering to the spiritual wants of others. At the con clusion of this service, aa well as at eight o'clock, there was a celebration of the Holy Communion. The candidates, who were coo firmed on Saturday night, partook of their tint Communion at the earlier celebration. Sunday night there was ft very large atten dance at Church, and every pew was occupied. A most interesting sermon was preached by Bishop Stanton from Haggai II, 9. 'Tbe glory of tbe latter bouse shall be greater than tbat of the former.' In the course of hu ?annon he referred in complimentary terms to the perseverance, and taste, which had been dapUyedby Mr. flwrirrwi, builder. 