34IY tADY'S PL.OT ;j ? -:' , OB, THE ?' ? J (Hiost of Biayolo Castle. CHAPTER HI.— (CoNTmnED.- After an Instant's reflection eke tamed, hastily retraced her steps, and passed on. to Nina's soonis. V cTe8,' she thought to herself, her lovely rosy j month curving into a Tricked mocking smile — 'yes, FI1 play the'.forgiving step-mamma *o the end in spite of--rJadas !' I have always sought her here at luncheon time, and I'll make no ?change. It won't be for long, my silly maiden !' With that thought she tapped at the boudoir door. Beceiving- no answer she presently entered. The boudoir was empty. She went to the dres sing-room. That also was empty. She next songht the tea-chamber and bath with the same -eBult. ' 'Already down/ she smiled again to Ivsrself. * Not going to play sulky. 1 am glad of that. I abhor _ulkine?s ! Hate if you will, but hate smilingly, amiably i That's my way, Miss Beau 4&8jni- v Her wonderful eyes flashed brilliantly in every direction, she hastened back to the boudoir. She was about to leave it and pursue her way down stairs -when her attention was suddenly caught by the corner of a book just showing from beneath the satin cushions of a low couch drawn Hear one of the windows. la a moment it was in her hand. The next a :4axk frowfl. gathered about here finely pencilled brows. ' So !* she whispered .vindictively ? forgetful or heedless that the luncheon bell had long ago rang, she turned the pages with fiercely «ager hand, her -blazing eyes absolutely devouring the words as they flew from line to line. Little by little her brow cleared. Finally her lips parted in a contemptuous smile, and with, a slight gesture of disdain she restored the book to its place. fl have nothing to fear from that,' she cried. ? Let her read it if it will in any way amuse her 1 But I'll not forget to mention the discovery to Sir Bobert! The fact of my coming here after \- 'the library scene will en&ance; my goodness in his eyes, and the knowledge of the nature of his daughter's studies will hardly tend to reassure .his JDHnd upon the important point which just 31QW0C— ' . Tjie mocking words were cut shcrt by the sud den opening of ths door leading into the dressing-room, and the sudden appearance of Nina's maid. For an instant the woman stood in the doorway in mote astonishment. The next ? she expressed. it in two elow. words : *' My lady !' she ejaculated. My lady never allowed herself to be taken by surprise. She turned with the serenest compo sure and the softest of smiles. * Ah I.Lucy, here you are !' she exclaimed in response. ' I was just. about to ring. Luncheon ?is late to-day. Has your mistress gone down, or is she in her dressing-room P V Or. perhaps, she is—-' ,3?or the second time Lady Beauchamp's speech ?was cut short, and for the second time her com posure remained wholly undisturbed. Tt was Nina's calm, clear voice that broke 'upon her mellifluous tones. ' You can retire, Lucy,' said -the girl, somewhat ...haughtily, advancing from the corridor door by ?which she had entered. Before she could say more, Lady Beaucbamp turned smiling around and -gracefully explained., Nina listened with her Eoft, dark eyes fixed Upon the beautiful face to the last effusive word, and then answered. ' My lady/ she said, her low, distinct voice full of suppressed excitement and pain, ' here in the privacy of this room let the truth be spoken be tween us. I know you, and you know that t know you ! Therefore I feel no hesi 'tation in telling you .plainly that yonr visits to my apartments must cease. Since the un happy hour of your entrance into this house you stave neither been invited nor welcomed to them, Sand yet, day after day, you have gracefully in truded yourself at all times and seasons^ for the one deadly, satanic purpose of shortening my young life ! . My lady, Hdkven knows J would. £ar. rather leave this house than thus free myself from the dangerous companionship youhaveforced upon me. But where am I to. go ? Not a relative in the world save my poor old father I - And pot—' 'Your friends !* my dear, placidly broke in ii&dy; Beauchamp, with smiling mockery. * Just tell them your step-mother is poispnujg yon, and see how quicklyfcid anxiously they will «zeri themselves to provide for your safekeep ing.' Nina was blind and deaf to the sinister mean ing In Lady Beauchamp's eyes and voice. The Jworda were all that impressed her. . ' r Tell them !' she burst out passionately. 'Vk you think I would tell the monstrous truth;, and (bruit abroad my father's miserable disgrace ? Yes, any lady, vus disgrace ! liaise your handsome lirows, and open yonr beautiful eyes. I say it advisedly. His disgrace? That consideration, ji»dy Beauchamp, saves you; Because his honour $B concerned in the tie that binds yorff I spare {your fame! Go on in your prosperous way — let Ihe world believe you the angel you profess yourBelf. I shall never publicly J_ft my voice , ttgajs-t yon. You are*— my father's wife ! But, Xiady Beauchamp, though I spare you publicly, said though I graciously consort mtb. you- pub aicly, in j-riy/rte latterly decline all association. ?x'ou will, then, henceforth hold yourself .strictly aloof from these apartments. And now, as juHcheon waits, may I beg you to leave me. I JRhall follow you in a few minutes, and yon may rest assured, I shall do nothing to attract the iqndesirable »otice of die servants/ AfWher first mocking outburst LaSy Beau champ hadiietened in tranquil silence, indolently iewaying her fan, and now and then expressing a placid astonishment, or amusement, by slowly yTiiiip; her eyes towards the ceiling. . But ae Nina's agitated voice ceased she folded J-he fan, gently shrugged her pretty shoulders, end plaintively addressed herself to vacancy. * Poor, triUychUdP'sne ejaculated. 'I wonder ^hat her next freak will be i'. :-?- ??? ... .- Those exdlamatLons, effectively delivered, she addressed TSintt. . ? -'-. - 'My dear girl,* she laughed gayly, 'what a Bpendtiirift you axe in' words ! Really, my dear, ^oujdumld«todj ishe fa* ofMspndensing. - Your !whol* meaaimg might bare been tersely conveyed Ifn less Hum ludf ? doren -sentences. ? However, I krill not quarrel -with you jon that'p^blnt. You jtaye a charming voice, andja finetoucn of dra anatic power, bo that, on the' ^whole, I have been leather edified. Addio, my dear, we will wait matt luncheon for you.' She nodded her bmatifol head, lfieaBd her beautiful hand, and was gone. : Fina tank into a chair and stored «t the door %ritb pal* lot and texxified eye*, ; She saspiingly wUspered: 'My flaw* owepc-HEbe blood cnrdles in my .veins! What diabolical coolness! What dia , %6Ucal trirtdHaero and gaiety! Oh, Beaver, pSbon I tow amlto oontinn^ wider ttwiooff 6h« ahuddeiiogly *ros« and went to the ?ouch. ' * Tes/ she todd, drawing out the book which Xody Beaaoh*n» had just -manined so &gita-; tedly— *yw# I aid le*T» it here. I Uu-ast it fumf^ty out ot sight at poor little Isa'e entrance, \- «ndnowond«rl forgot all about it afterward! JSo wonder— no wonder! Heaven olpne knows ^^?hbokihatwaciwdine through her innocent *Um. AhV ^rUhOiBtwwlanurtion she stooped to tiie floor. TThea ah« com she held » ring between ?'her ilngerB. Ubai. tot *wped few *be rilfcan Iritqm u-tta «W-b* tSnffag softiy against the IndO* dt bm «%pdr» «nd thus attracting her «tt«ntt-m. .-__-_-- Then wan ae wiWTii*fctg tt. Th* ?erpenfjr jaiaTi il1i7alrt-a¥fl|iiil .'ini » «PdA Mbng to 5rat 11 ' '? - ? ?_ I ? «J,l!l...»^» ? ?'? '? ? dainty hands and marvellous eyes have already familiarised themselves with its pages f . : She moved elowly.to the corridor door. As she reached it a tap .upon ihe one leading to the dressing-room stopped \her. The next moment Lucy appeared. The maid looked ruffled in temper, and carried in her hand a delicate cambric handkerchief. 'Mif-s Nina,' she said, evidently striving hard V subdue her voice to a proper tone of respect — 'Miss Nina, I just found this in your bath room — * . ....?-' * ? Mna quietly la^rposed. At sight of the tell-tale cambric a slight flush had mounted to iier cheeks, and ehe haefcilyj^E: tended her hand. ; .-. 'Ah ! ' she said, ' Lady Beauchamp's bander chief. Give it to me, Lucy. I ain going to her boudoir and will take it. No -doubt she dropped it when she wae looking for me awhile ago.' Lucy obeyed and Nina left the room. But the maid's /honest blue-grey eyes looked after the slight form with open dissatfefactionr ' She's prouder than the proudest Beauchamp that ever Jived J * she muttered as the doorclosed between them. 'I've waited on her since she was knee-high to a grasshopper, and yet not a word will she let me say about her ladyship, and all because her ladyship is Sir tuibert's wife ! Well, -well, I s*pose it's all right and proper ; but I hold my own notions about her ladyship. The rest of the servants may tbi-Jt her an angel, if they choose;; but that don't prevent jay thinking what I choose. And what I think is that her ladyship don't hail from the region of angels! In plain words — -speaking confidentially to; Lucy Higglehurstr-Lady Beauchamp is — a. fiend ! And, confidentially again, it's still further my opinion that if Miss Nina stood in her ladyship's way, her ladyship would soon get her out of it ! She'6 hanging around these rooms, on the sly, a deal too much, snookinghere, and peeking there ! Well, there is one blessed comfort — Miss-Nina's' ways and nay lady's don't cross each other ! But for all that, my pretty dear's, silently fretting herself- to death over the marriage. Ever since, j she's been getting as white and thin as a shad der ! And no wonder. Sir Bobert don't seem to think no more o£ her now-a-days than he does of— of — ' .'.???? . No 1 simile sufficiently expressive presenting itself, Lucy lapsed into silence, and* with' a mourn ful shake of her head went backtdtlie dressing room. Meanwhile Nina proceeded to Lady Beauchamp's boudoir. Her light .tap remaining unanswered, she entered. ' . ' I suppose Dolores is down stairs,' she thought. ' So there is nothing for it but to carry them to the dressing-room. The ring is too valuable to be left here, else I'd spare myself the disagreeable task of in — * The thought ended there. Her quick tread had borne her over the mossy depths of the carpet without a sound, and she was about to pass through the open doorway leading-, into the dressing-room, when she was'6tartlingly arrested by the hissing repetition of her owa iname. For an instant she stood re a sort of confused, ?questioning wonder, The next, the scepe upon ?which she had so innocently obtruded revealed its meaning to her in all its atrocious horror. i (TO -OS CONTINUED.) 