Light and Shade. BY ENDYMION. EVEN at the time of its occurrence, that recent little earthquake of ours, though it was a fertile source of jokes, was not a subject for unmixed laughter. We laughed certainly, but— as ono laughs at the gambols of an infant tifcer —with an underlying shudder. And the accounts now to hand of the great convul sion of nature which caused it divest the recollection of any tinge of frivolity. The shock that did no more here than rattle the crockory on our shelves was the vibration result ing from the most awful outburst of Plutonic forces which has occurred this century. Imagina tion almost fails to picture the scene, when under a sky darkened by thick clouds of overhanging ashes, in a gloom lightened only by the glare of subterranean fires belching from innumerable vents, huge islands were torn in pieces and their fragments flung into the sea, populous towns and villages were utterly overwhelmed, and the sea which had deserted its shore for a brief and awful space rolled back in a wall 100 ft, high, over the hissing fragments that strewed the desolated coast, and over the cowering survivors from the terrible slaughter. In face of such a calamity all comment seems trivial. We can only hope that our unhappy fellow-creatures who were swept into destruc tion by tens of thousands on that awful day were mercifully spared the worst bitterness of death. To the doomed creatures it must have seemed that the whole universe was crumbling to ruin around them, and the stupefaction of utter terror no doubt blunted the keenness of the final pang. " Breathes there a man with soul so dead," &c;, &c.; ? As a Queenslander I feel proud of my country. Two charming young ladies have recently graced the Brisbane stage, and on behalf of each a claim to public appreciation has been put forward on the ground that she belonged to the colony—one by birth, the other by education. When I como to think of it, this is a remarkable country, and it is time that we depended on something else than mere brute material like wool, sugar, and gold for our claims to recognition. When we can pro duce, naturalise, or educate suck a galaxy of talent, wit, and beauty as Miss Jenyns, Our Sam, Our Fred, Miss Deakin, Thady O'Kane, and the secretary of the Liberal Association, there can be no doubt of our national future. Victoria and New South Wales should grace fully yield the claim to first place in the coming federation before we are compelled by irresistible destiny to demand it. I don't know what I should do without Charters Towers and its coming member. A few days ago a lady correspondent-" An Eye Witness" —indited a long screed to the "Northern Shiner," regarding the elections. She was kind enough to write very warmly in favour of O'Kane and Rutledge, and now, of course, no one else will have the ghost of a show for the Kennedy. Thady felt the force of these remarks so strongly that he recommended the letter " to the careful perusal of the women of the Kennedy," to the intent that the said women shall "use their influence with their husbands, and not let them vote for any man suspected of a coolie taint." Perhaps this gives Stubley or Lissner a ground of action for libel, if indeed it be calculated to bring a man into " public hatred, ridicule, and contempt," to in sinuate that his great grandfather, or some other distant relative, was a dark-skinned savage. I must leave them to find that out, and in the meantime let me give the concluding sentence of Thady's appeal to the women of the Kennedy, for it has been as the echo of my own heart's breathings. He says :— The men have had their shoutings and yellings, let us hear the sweet calm voices of the women. We invite thorn to speak through our columns and confide in us. Let them send thoir letters through the post-office, if necossary, with their true names attached as a guarantee of good faith, but not for publication; and, one final word of advice, writ© only on one side of the paper, or else the printers will pray enough to knock the roof off. A man with less poetry in his soul would have implored the dear creatures to be careful to put the proper stamps on the envelope; but our northern editor is above such trifles, and longs only to hear the '• sweet calm voices." Wasn't it rather strong, though, to seek to introduce the jangling discord of politics into the smiling homes of Charters Towers? Thaddeus beware ! When the horny-handed toiler of the mine comes home and hears that sweet calm voice assuring him that Griffith is the right man for a Premier, as he will make a transcontinental railway to take us on a holi day trip to Europe in a fortnight, or inveighing against M'llwraith as the man who has flooded the colony with coolies and made beef a penny a pound dearer, he will miss the soft prattle about baby's last tooth and Johnny's cleverness at school, and the newspaper man will fall be neath his vengeance. Will he vote for the man who produced that change ? I imagine not. If my wife told me to vote for any man or set of men, that would be just the very reason why I would refuse Ah, I did not know you were looking, ray dear; I intended to say, that would be the best reason to refuse voting for anyone else. We have had groat activity in the religious world in Brisbane this week. No less than throe big tea-meetings came off, and I know not how many smaller ones. The biggest of all was the Congregational Jubilee, where, in spite of a heavy thunderstorm, they jubilated to the extent of promising £1000 to the Church funds, to be paid within three years. I was glad to see the leaders of the movement setting a good example, and promising that the first thing to be done with the Jubilee fund should be to clear off all the debts now resting on the churches, and afterwards to go in for a Ministers' Re lief Fund. Both objects should command general support among the denomination, and certainly they carry out the time-honoured re commendation to be just before you are gene rous. Many grander and more sensational ob jects might have been proposed, but few that would so fully claim the sympathy of coraraon senae people. It may be well to remark that I'm not canvassing for subscriptions. If I •were, perhaps it would be better to start with a tea meeting, a bazaar, a concert, or some other allurement; for human nature is weak, and if you can only persuade people that they' can thoroughly enjoy them selves and do a charitable action at the same time, of course there is a double inducement. I'm afraid that very often they are in the posi tion of trying to serve two masters and fail with both, and that if quite honest with them selves they must admit that they get the full value of their money, and have no grounds upon which to claim an act of self-denial, whatever credit in that direction may belong to the performers. Tea meetings as a general thing are an exception to this rule, for you generally pay twice as much for your tea as it is worth, and then have to give up your even ing and drop at least a threepenny piece into the plate besides. It's a good old maxim that you cannot do two things at once, and there are people in the world who might, for the sake of a new sensation, try the effect of a little purely disinterested charity. They would be a good deal surprised, and might even find new attractions in their pleasures by going honestly into them for their own sake, without trying to get credit in an underhand way for being charitable. I've often thought it would come much cheaper to all concerned if people would give in hard cash just what they can afford, instead of working for months to get up a bazaar, and then working twice as hard for another week to get other people to buy a lot of very pretty things for which they have no use. This serraon,»however, is a tvifle too long already, and we will now take up the collection. While on these matters it may interest ray readers to know how much it costs to be roado Archbishop of Canterbury. None of us know what is before us, and, lest any ambitious Queenslander may have set his heart on attain ing this dignity, I may mention that the fees paid by Dr. Benson on his promotion to the Primacy amounted to £885 ss. 6d., of which £281 ss. Cd. has to be paid yearly during in cumbency. There is evidently no opening for a poor man in this direction. Last Tuesday the passengers by the mid-day ferry-boat at Alice-streot Ferry were consider ably alarmed by the report of firearms and the advent of two bullets from Government House Domain, which whistled over their heads and struck the water beyond. The unlucky re porter of the Cvuritr, who is always putting his foot in it, supposed that some of the august peraonages who infest that region were having a little rifle practice, and hinted that perhaps a Bafer place might be chosen than the vicinity of a frequented ferry. Whereupon the private secretary of Lord—no, I mean Sir Arthur- Palmer writes an indignant letter explaining that no one was practising with a rifle, but that the policeman stationed at Government House Domain had been ordered to shoot " two mis chievous dogs," who, having made that spot their camping ground, had fared forth by night and attacked the feathered fowl belonging to the Parliamentary caterer, inflicting a loss of eleven turkeys and several ducks. The terrors of the law were at once brought to bear on the canine offenders, and an armed expedition, consisting of one bobby, was sent against them. The results are already known to the public. I deeply sympa thise with the outraged feelings of the Private Secretary, who is so justly indignant that it should be supposed for a moment that any one was practising in Government House Domain. It is pretty olain that such a proceeding as rifle practice is unknown there, and probably the dogs were aware of this fact. At the same time, I advise the gallant constable to obtain a little more proficiency in the use of his weapon before he again endangers the lives of harmless passengers. If he really wishes to destroy the dogs let him put a little salt on their tails, and, having caught them, he will be able to shoot them without endangering any one's life but his own. There's a good deal of amateur reporting work done now-a-days in consequence of the general election, and, as might be expected, it is not always so successful as the reporter could desire. You can tell, too, in many cases upon reading the report that the gentleman who wrote it must have a very strong bias one way or the other, and in many instances the descrip tive matter, very strongly tinted indeed, has been very much the greater part of the so called report. It is not many days since a prominent member of the Liberal Party was seen diligently taking notes at the reporters' table during a meeting in which the arch-enemy of the Liberals himself took part. What mercy could the Premier expect in such hands ? Not much, I imagine, and he was not disappointed. It must have been some such report which, according to a Darling Downs paper, induced Mr. Kates, after reading an elector's gratuitous etfort to record one of his meetings, quietly to tear it up and write an ac count of his own which it is said considerably surprised those who had been at the meeting. We are informed that the negotiations on the part of the directors of the Redcliffe and Sandgate Steam Ferry Company for the pur chase of a larger and more suitable boat for their traffic have resulted in securing the Sapphire, one of the Sydney Harbour ferry boats. She is a paddle steamer !(3ft. long, 14ft. beam, Gft. depth, and 23ft. acr.ss the sponsons, and licensed in Sydney to carry LV3O passengers. Her speed is nine knots, and the company's master, Captain Vaux, who has just returned from inspecting the vessel, reports ker well suited for the company's purpose. 