tyfigittttl MtU% A DREAM. « ? X GnlielmU9,. tbe Father. G-— Well, son, and what to-night would'st thou dream ? M.— And if it please thee, O my sire] t would Relate a dream I dreamt but yesternight, And what I heard and saw. G — What ! dreaming still ? M. — Yes: what is life but one unbroken dream, Wh'Be phases and events but alternate With day and night, fro n which but only death Can rouse successfally and show to ns With ccrtaiuty the boundless real beyond ! G. — There is some force, some trU'.b in what thou'st said, Though ample room for argument. Bat I Much rather would at present hear thy dream. M. — It shall be as thou wilt. G.— So then, proceed. M. — As yesternight, in shallow sleep I lay, I felt — yet scarcely conscious what I felt — As though an angel with his downy wing Fanned my warm brow, and with his silken hair Wiped off the cold nocturnal dews. Me thooght I heard him whispering «ay, ?Arise aud come With me.' Then opened I mine eyts, 'aud gazed Around, bat nothing there could I discern. Then thought I to myself, * What could it be? Whence had it come? and whither gone so soon ? But, being tired, X dond again, and slept. The same soft fanning wing I felt, the same Sweet voice low whispering I beard. Mine eyes Again I opened, and once more I aoogbt For my mysterious visitor, but found him not-. Again I dozed, by sleep once more subdued, But soon again the same I felt and heard. This time I answered not the call, but lay And listened, if perchance I might discern, And know tbe voice. It called a second time, And then a third. I raised myself, and O ! Such a resplendent vision by the 6yes Of mill before nor since was ever seen I Of stature well-proportioned, and in gait Erec% clothed with a robe of purest white, And round him was a girdle of fine gold, Of strange design, elaborately wrought, And in itself unique and elegant. The delicacy of bis hands bespoke Refinement, but upon them both he bore The badge of Iiis redeeming work. His eyes Were dazzling like the son's meridian light, And as the sound of waters was his voice — So soft, though clear, so musical and sweet : It charmed mine ear, it touched my suul, and swept Its chord with sympathetic melody; And o'er me like a spell it floating came, And overwhelmed my spirit with a fljod Of rapture! When upon that face I tried To gaz', my sight gave way, my senses failed— As dead, before him at bis feet I felU How long, I know not ; but he took my hand, And, calling me by name, he bade me rise. At his command upon my feet I stood. And gPZid. The brightness of his coun tenance I then cmld better bear With kindly words, As of a mother to her tronbled child, He lulled my soul to rest. Then to me thus He spake : ' This nether world is fair, is good ; God made it so at fivst. Man hath not cast A shadow o'er its beauty, nor eff «ced The signature of God's benevolence That shines with inextinguishable li^ht Through all his works. Man, by his sin, himself Alone degrades ; God's other works remain As pure, as perfect, and as good. But tfcere Are worlds boyonti, surpassing tilts jis doth The brightness of the sun Ihe glow-worm's light. Hast thou within this world discovered ought To satisy the yearning of thy soul ?' I answered, ? Nay ; but, in this world, if things Were as tbey often seem, I could desire To see no other ; but this world and all That's found therein are vexing to the soul Aud vanity ; therefore I should be glad, If only for awhile, to take my leave Of tiits tint I might breathe in pnrer air 1' He made reply : ' If such be thy desire, Come, fallow me.' I towards the door advanced. He answered: ? Wot that 'Way, — we mast ascend, And through no other doorway nass than God Provides.' I stood tap': in amazement ; how This could be done I tried to think, but failed; And, wondering, gated. He turned upon me his Benignant eye and said : ' Can'st than believe T 1-soid, my fear was great. He told me then, * To banish all my feare, dispel my doubts, To cast despondency beneath tny feet, And let Faith plume her joyous wing, and she Should safely bear me to the topmost sky !' Thus having said f «? my encouragement, He bade tne be prepared. Then reverently He clasped bis hands, and prayerfully towards heaven Bis eyes a moment tamed, as though be called Upon the Eternal Power to lend him aid — Not that he needed help, but showing thus That He and God, b.ing one, must ever act As one in all they do. Thenceforth a smile Illumed his conn'enance — apon his tip It danced, and glistened in his eje. His hand Once more he raised { and, with a dulcet voice — Yet noble and commanding as a God's — He spake, aud iustantly the roof gave way — It opened at tbe ridge, and falling back On either band, as if on hinges set, Disclosed enough for as to only pass, Then closed again. Tbe world was -silent — wrapped In sleep. The chime of midnight scarcely yet Had died upon the -frosty air. The stars Were glittering in the vault of heaven ; the moon Was just on tbe decline ; and not a cloud Was visib!*1, save one dark arm of mist That covered half the moon 1 Then up and on We moved with speed incredible. Soon passed We by the moon and many & fairer world. Behind us too the sun, Btiii pouring forth On all a fiond of animating light, In one unbroken stream of gold I Me thought It doubled onr velocity, and bnre Us on into »h' cternitv of Light I Tbe earlb appeared now bat a little -speck : Anotfcer morpent — and 'twas seen bo more Thus sped we through etfeereai apace, im mersed. . ? ? ? - In- ?& jods of golden light — Bare ~aow ?? and then : ' ?' ?-'??'? .'?.' : ..' / We crossed, the shadow of some distant world 1 Lo ! in the distance, . what? It is a world Encircled with a triple ring of vast Dimensions and with dazzling splendour crjowned 1 Oar eairtK:wJ.tUohff mild satellite is blessed, Alterna«ftj,oos;snblunary walks To ehoe-r, -and 4ight the travellers lonely .way «iT3£fJ-' But here 'Sfe fcightz- Sior all alike in size, _ NorspleudJiir, iiar-Jtination— creocent-sotne. While ot hersivfstei-^ni some, are at their full. - ? ' - » ...*. ^ .. What passsing grandeur nrastth' inhabi tants Of that fair world enjoy 1 Oh 1 Could 1 live But one short Ago upon that beauteous sphere 1 G. — What more, my son? M.— T*was past ; but on my mind Was left an influence so strong that I Relinquished observation, for my thoughts Were drowued in wonderment, and so 1 passed Awhile unoticing, &-*— Proceed, my son. M. — Thence, on we moved, through ather systems, warmed By other and more brilliant Suus. -*.— Say, what Was here ? M. — Ab, sire I that were more easily asked Than answered, for it is impossible For mortal mind to comprehend (ranch less Describe) tbe grandeur of such glorious realms 1 G.— I hear, I see, I feel ! If thus the thovgU, Then the treaUiy, oh ! who cau tell ? (An interval of silence here ensaes. Both son and sire are lost in thought pro found, And meditation sits on either brow. At length the son, returning from tb' nbygp Resolves to break the spell; but, fearing lest His sire would rather think than speak, He cautiously begins) — M. —Say, sire, shall I stop here ? I ase thou bast Imbibed the spirit of my theme, and now Far rather would be left to thine own free Imagination to develnpe that \Yfrch I could hat imperfectly describe. G.— Stop here 3 and wherefore stop ? Wonlu'st thou not deem That artist foolish, who, when only half His picture he has fi ished, pots away His instruments and leaves it incomplete ? Tliy case is similar; therefore proceed, And let me hear tbe seauel nf thv dmm M.— I need not ask for thine attention, that I know thou'lt give G- — Most readily I will. M. — Thence on and on, and up and up, we soared, Amidst innumerable myriads Of lustrous orbs that sweep harmoniously Around their several central sans. As through Such realms magnificent we passed, the ? worlds Before as, with increasing brightness, far Outshone the orbs -re left behind. As we Sped forward, so, in grandeur, everything Increased i All was Iranscendiogly sub lime ! I felt we must be on the verge of heaven ; Rearing the centre of the. uuiverse 1 G. — Should it bo so, then I pine there must Be some illustrious centre whereto all Th' innumerable hosts of starry gems, ?Spread through th' immensity of space, re volve : Firsf, satellites round their respective worlds ; Then, wor'da (with satellites) around their sans ; Next, suns and onsets, worlds and satellites, In systems rolling round harmoniously This glorious place, whence Light on every band And Life incessant and for ever fl -w ! This is the cen ral point of all that God Has made. From thence throughout .Eternity Shall fljw the force of His omnipotence — Power to create, sustain, or t3 destroy t Say on, nay son. M. — Then instantly mine ear . Were filled with music, aweet, and pure and good ; I heard the music floating on the breeze, I felt it in my inmost soul ! Voices Ot cherubim, of seraphim, angels, Archangels, and the ransomed of the Lord, So sweetly blending fell upon mine ear, Until my soul became too small to drink The pleasure in ! I then felt clogged with my Mortality ; to pare delight, my flesh Became a detriment, and hanging down My head, I drew oue heavy 6igb, and dropped A tear. My kind conductor had not raid A word till now. He turned, and smiling. said : ? Why wecpest thou? Dry up tby tears. Let now Thy sighing cease, for, in an instant, slialt Thou see the glory and magnificence Of heaven!1 Then were the windows opened wide, I gszed, and lo 1 a light streamed th^uce — so bright, So pure ! Methonght, ' If round oar earth were placed A million luminaries thrice the size Of ours, and famished with as many beams As many times as bright, and if one ray Of his pare, heavenly light were bat to reach Our atmosphere, it would eclipse them all, And shew them but as blots upon the f»ce Of purer day : as thnagh some giant scribe Had wandered forth so fat from dismal, damp, Chaotic gloom as to behold this light, And at the sight had grown quite terrified, And, in the panic, let his ink-horn drop, Light !* And so it streamed with pure effulgence, free And inexhaustible ! Then by unseen, But mighty angel hands, the heavenly gates Swung on their diamond binges noiselessly. Quick as the flashing eye — as quick as thought — I found myself in heaven. Its pearly gates, Its walls of jasper, and its streets of gold ; Its sea of glass, its tree of life, its stream Of living waters — pure and fresh and free — Outflowing from the everlasting throne, And gliding musically on across The verdant flowering plains of Paradise ; Its cherubim and seraphim, angels. Archangels, and the conntless multitudes Of rausomed spirits singing the new song, While they encircle the eternal throne, Enrobed in spotless purity, with crowns \- if everlasting life upon their heads &na; in nieir nauas tue painas 01 victory; Its great white throne, and God who sits thereon, And reigns eternally, before whose throne Supreme the. bright intelligences bend, And bowing, veil their aces with their wings, And cry, * Most Holy ! Holy 3 Holy ! Lord Our God! The heavens and earth are filled with Thee And glory from thy throne.' And all the hosts ' Of heaven, in tones of solemon praise, reply, * Amen 1 Amen V Its freedom from disease, From sorrow, and from all the trials known On earth ^ its freedom from mortality; Its happiness aud. rever-ending joys, Its pleasures uualloyed, its perfect peace, And its eternity of love : these all Made me desire that my mortality Might be for ever swallowed HP in Life ! -Sr. — What inexpressive glories shi-ne in that Bright world where thou hast been ! Was there ought else Thoa sawest in that bflprjy- place'? For I, Would tell thee, it has filled my soul with joy Hearing tbee trios describe roe glories thoa Hast seen ! Should tfcere be aught thou beet not said, Oh I let it not remain untold 1 M. — ' Ab me, M? sire! to utter all I heard and caw Would fail aa angers tongne, iJut (here is yet One thing an tola. G. — May it foa known ? If not Confide not even in me ; but if to thee No heavenly secret hath been given, then grant This one request, nor keep me In suspense. M. — Thou know^st, my sire, what pleasure tis for me „ Whene'er thou'st granted me Ihe -privilege Of tetling what Vve hearo1, w read, or seen ; And as no secret hath bee 3 giVen, no trust Can I betray : so now I freely tell ThacaJL Whila I stood rapt ia ecstacy, My guide departed and I missed him not. Meanwhile an angel came atd talked with me. I knew (lie voice, but conld not recognise The Countenance. But, though I knew her not, She bad not yet forgotten me, SLe looked At me, and smiling, fell upon my neck, And gave ms one sweet kiss ; aud, as ehe pressed My lips I recognised her fond embrece, — A thrill of transport raa through every nerve, Strung e»ery fibre of my brain, warmed all The blood within my veins, while Memory Drew forth the sacred treasures -if the Past, And filial affceti-'U culled from theirca The brightest gem of all — her dying words To me — * God bless thee, oh 1 my darling boy 5 Meet mo in heaven I' And, as the holy words Flashed on my mind — as fresh and forcible As when she breathed them on tbe bed ot death — My feelings lo a focas of delight Were drawn — my spirit was o'erwhelmed with joy : I cried, * Sly mother ! O, my mother V * Yes, My child, lam thy moilier still! When tbou Was left in cmel hands— uumotberly And keen — whose stern severity did all But break thy tender hear'; when trouble cast A cloud upon thy future, and thy star Of hope seemed for awhile quenched in despair : When trials well nigh past endurance put To test thy little spirit's utmost power; When thou didst take thy morning walk, or west Engaged in life's employe 'or ^wbeni tboa didst Upon thy knees implore of G- d to tench Thee how to live:according to His will : When thou was strongly tempted to do wrong . In every place, and at all times, throughout Thy life, my spirit, sent at God's command, Hath influenced thy mind for good and striv'n By power unknown to thee, but not unfelt— To keep thee from tfae^paths that lead astray ; For, as on earth a mother's constant care Is, bow to do her children good, so now, This feeling but intensifies, and burus Eternally a holy flime ' Much as A mother's love is shown by kindly word?, Deeds are the bast expression of its power. God knows naught can destroy a mother's love, — Not Death, with all his dauntless daring, dare Lay handg'npon a sentiment so holy I1 G. — And said tbysaiu'ed mother aught of me ? M. — She made most kind enqu iry after thee And if I thought thou mayest meet her yet In heaven, and there, in glad renunion, spend _ , . . I felt the force Of her interrogation, and I wept : Only with tears could 1 reply. Keenly I thought of all thc-a'st had to bear. * She Saw A shade of sorrow on my countenance, And, were it possible for saints to weep. She would have dropped a tear iu heaven. She wiped Away my tears and told me, « not to grieve As one who bad no hope, but ever put My trust in God, believe in Christ, receive The Holy Ghost, quit every evil thing, Pursue that only which was eood, stea'dfast Unto the end remain : — Death then would prove The kindest messenger that God could send To safely guide thy 'nrapmred spirit o'er The Jast dark arch that stands 'twixt thee and heaven !' She further spake: ? Whan thou'st re turned to earth. Speak to tby father; tell him all thou'st seen And heard, and how I long to see him here. And to thy brother and thy sister speak ; 'TwiH be a comfort to their souls to know Their mother sees and loves them still. K —.3 ? Aim uuw Gooa-bye ! Good-bye !? Most fervently she kissed Me once again, and vanished, leaving me Alone ! Then, in the twinkling of an eye, My kind conductor came ; he calmly looked Into my face, and, with a smile, he said : ' ThouVst seen and heard what mortals seldom see Or hear— the glories of my Father's house— The grandeur aud magnifieienee of heaven !' And iu an instant 1 awoke, and wept, Because it only was a dream. (The father's long expressive silence told How great the burden on his heart). Willunga. Thomas Note. 