Clje SkapuuUa eratti. TUESDAY, MAY 15, 1883. LEGAL PROCEDURE. We think it was the author of the Xteligio Medici who compared law to a cormorant, by which it is to be pre sumed he meant that it was ever on the look out for something capable of being swallowed. Times have changed wonderfully since the comparison was made, and if the ghost of Sir Thomas Browne ever devotes an hour or two to an examination of the reforms which have been effected within the last forty years in. our system of legal pro cedure, it would probably consider the present simplicity itself compared to the cumbersome machinery of the not very remote past. The technicalities, dramatic fictions, and meaningless ver biage and jargon, which were once the delight of lawyers, no longer exist as they did of old, and it is now possible for a gentleman of education and more than' ordinary powers of discernment to become a spectator of the proceed ings of an English Court of Justice, without necessarily concluding that the dramatis person<b are all lunatics. The Act abolishing Fines and Be coveries, the Common Law Procedure Acts 1854-55, the Chancery Act 1867, and lastly the Judicature Acts, all ten ded towards the introduction of some thing like rational methods of pro cedure. . Under the provisions of the first mentioned enactment a simple deed now accomplishes what it took a collusive and immoral action to effee- | tuate before. That our adjectives are not used unadvisedly will be evident if we explain in a few words what a re- j covery meant. By a famous statute j passed as long ago as the reign of Edward j I. it was enacted that when a grant I was made to a man and the heirs of his body—or,'in other words, his direct descendants—that the property on his death should go to his issue in spite of any alienation he might have attempted to make during his lifetime. The in tention of the legislature was to pre serve the estates of the nobility in their families. Matters went on very well for a while, until the incon veniences of these strict. entails be came apparent to many, and, among others, to a gentleman rejoicing in the euphonious name of Taltarum, who, in the reign of Edward IV. hit upon a very ingenious device for setting them aside. Mr. Taltarum was practically the life owner of certain property, which on his death, by the conditions of the grant, as translated by the Statute referred to, shpuld devolve upon his issue, and he wished to skake off these limitations and .become abso lute owner of the fee simple* being very likely actuated by a desire to borrow a respectable sum of money on it. He called upon a friend whom he knew to be as big a swindler as him self, and it was arranged between them that the former should claim the pro perty as his and take an action against Taltarum for its recovery. On being sued Taltarum put in the defence that he bought the property from some: third person, who warranted the title as good, and obtained permission from the Court to substitute this third per son for himself as defendant in the action. This third man, as a matter of fact, knew nothing at all about the matter; but being an accomplished liar under an urgent necessity of raising the wind, he admitted the warranty and subsequently allowed judgment to go against him by default. The claimant therefore got possessed of the property, freed from all remainders to Mr. Talfcarum's issue, and then made a free gift of the whole fee-simple to Taltarum. The Judges saw through and winked at the whole affair, so that collusive actions of this sort, called ^Recoveries, ! became very common, the crier of the Court generally consenting to act as the third fellow, and swear any amount of lies for a few shillings. It is hard to reconcile such proceedings with our latter day notions of forensic morality, but Becoveries were not the most dis reputable actions for which the sanc tion of Courts of Justice was obtained. Though lawsuits now-a-days do not always last a lifetime, and it is possible for a man to become involved even in a chancery case without necessarily bequeathing the connection as a curse to his children, yet the machinery of justice moves with a degree of smooth ness very far short of what might be considered satisfactory. Under' the modern system of appeals, it is compe tent for a rich suitor to harass a poor opponent to the brink of ruin. In England a motion for a new trial may be carried through two intermediate Courts of Appeal up to the House of Lords, from which the case may be sent back again to a jury, whose deci sion, if adverse to a party of means, is by no means final, but may be resub mitted to the crucible of each appelate tribunal. Though a similar system prevails in South Australia, matters are with us not quite so bad in prac tice—a circumstance which is due a good deal to the partial disuse of trial by jury, and in some respect to the fact that our Courts of Appeal are not so easy of access as at home. It is a subject for consideration, however, both here and in England, whether the verdict of a judge or jury on a question of fact should not be made final, or rendered at ail events liable to not more than one appeal. A re-hearing by another jury may change the ver dict, but by no means prove it to be in greater consonance with the lines of reason. " Indeed," says a writer of great authority upon the subject, " i£ twelve men have come to an unani mous verdict, which is approved by the full Court, after hearing the ex planation of the judge who presided at the trial, the question of fact may be fairly considered to be settled." When we come to our Local Courts, we find the remedies which are attached to legal wrongs not the very best. In many cases it would be better not to resort to them at all. A person takes an action, andafter having waited sometimes two months for a bearing, and gone to a considerable amount of expense in getting up the case for trial, recovers judgment against the defendant. There being nothing to aeize under an execution, an un satisfied judgment summons is taken out, upon which the defendant need not attend unless the ordinary witness fee is tendered to him. An order is then made that the defendant pay by instalments, which very seldom are forthcoming in due course, and an application is consequently made next Court day to commit the defendant to prison for contempt. As in many dis tricts Local Courts only sit once in two months, if the defendant has not in the meantime skiddadled out of the jurisdiction, he finds himself in gaol six or eight months after proceedings were first instituted, and throws the burden of the costs upon the success ful litigant by rushing into the In solvency Court. We fail to see what grounds of expediency require that a defendant should not be compelled to attend upon an unsatisfied judgment summons unless he first receives his expenses as an ordinary witness. A judgment debt exists against him, and the theory of law is that a debtor should seek his creditor. If on an examination as to means, it is shown that he possesses any, security to pay the instalments should be at once re- ; quired. The delay and expense inci : dent to the present system has the effect of in many cases precluding tha poor claimant from following up bis just rights. The difficulty of finding a special bailiff in districts to which no regular one is attached, also often renders judgments useless.' Constables might be called upon to levy execu tions under, such circumstances. It would not be likely to interfere with their ordinary duties, and they are just the sort of men to find substitutes when compelled by their official posi tions to procure them. 