General ITe^rs. Believers in a secular system of education will have dieir opinions strengthened by the disclosures recently made in a letter to tne Pall Mall GazctU showing what is Hkelv to be the result of the system which the Bible in State Schools Society are so anxious to see introduced. From the letter referred to it appears that the Bishop-road Board School, Buxton, advertised for an assistant master. Some of die applicants for the position were invited' to attend a mana gers' meeting at the school. Those who re sponded to the invitation were called up in alphabetical order before managers and were asked a series of questions by these responsible, but we fear extremely unsophisticated persons. The following are some of the questions put : — (j) ' Do you follow teaching for the love of God ?' (2) '' Do you love to read the Bible as you would a novel ?' (3) ' Would you teach the boys right principles?' (4) ' Are you a Churchman ?' (5) ' What places jot worship do you go to on a Sunday ?' (6) Did' vyou play cards at cailege ?' ' Are you a smorier ?' (7) ' What kind of drink do you mostly take?' To use a conventional and Imckiieyecl phrase ' comment is needless.' Some of ihat uneasiness says (the Wallaroo Times) which is supposed to be most keenly felt by the ' head that wears a crown,' will doubtless be experienced by the Commissioner of Crown LtjicLs owing to the complications that are daily arising tn connection with the surrendering clauses. A new feature has now presented itself in one or two cases which bids fair to cause some trouble. For instance, some years ago a selector in the north purchased 375 acres at £4 15s. per acre. At the time required for paying the half of the purchase money he came forward promptly, a:id paid down £Sgo 5s. But now diat the Government made it pos sible for him to come under a new Act by which die interest went towards payment of the principal he resolved to avail himself of its liberal provisions. He fully expected that he would have to pay something approaching £3 per acre, but was agreeably suqirised in secur ing his land, at £1 os. 6d. Now, it will be seen even should the whole amount, .£379 17s. 6d, be deducted from his former half-purchase payment die Government still owe the selector £510 7. 6d. We wait anxiously to see what is going to be done in such a case. One view is diat when a selector surrenders he forfeits all claim to the land, and, consequently, will still be required to pay £1 6d. in addition to thej£27s. 6d. paid. But thisisnotthewayaselectorlooksat it. He naturally says to the Government, 'By your action in bringing in die amended bill you acknowledged, — first that too much has been paid for die land ; and, seeondly that it is quite in accordance with your ideas of business diat I be allowed to repudiate my former bargain and re-purchase at a lower price. Had I not made an effort to pay you ^890 5s diere would have been no bodier — you would have forgiven me the amount. Now, 3'ou have had the use of my money, which has been worth something, and f claim diat even should you return me the balance, .£510 7s 6d, I am not dealt as liberally widi as the man who has paid nothing.' To one who takes an unbiased view the selector certainly has the best of die argument, for die action of the Government in a very great measure provides a reward for many who have made no effort to pay their just dues, and in diis respect die new measure offers a premium for dishonesty, while it does little or nothing for scores diat are in need, and completely ignores die claim of hundreds who, although they had only to pay £ l per acre for the land, have been compelled to expend twice that amount in clearing before they could put in a crop. A Charming Custom. — There is a custom prevailing amongt he inhabitants of die Andaman Islands which may dirow light on the civilized use of wedding cake. When a,: native girl whose exceptional beauty has brought her many suitors is knocked down and carried off by her accepted suitor, the wedded pair, within forty-eight hours of die wedding, send a cup of poison distilled troin die halahula tree to each and every one of die bride'? former admirers. If any recipient feels diat he cannot become reconciled to the marriage, he drinks die poision and dies ; but if he decides that he will survive the loss of his intended wife' he dirows away die poision and feels bound in honour never to show die slightest sign of dis appointment. By this admirable system die husband is spared the pangs of jealousy, and is able to live on friendly terms widi die sur viving admirers of his wife. A Qdick- witted Woman. — There is one woman in London who has her wits about her, and when you come to think about it die fact is highly creditable to London. On die Strand a theif suddenly snatched her purse from her and instandy disappeared in the crowd. In the purse was some small change and a cheque for £ ro. The lady spent no time in a fruitless attempt to catch die dieif or find a policeman. She went to die nearest post office, took a telegraph blank and sent a dispatch to the bank saying : ? When any one presents a cheque signed by ? for .£10, arrest him and detain liiii till I come.' She dien got into a cab and drove to die bank. When she got diere she found a policeman explaining to a very as tonished young man diat he would have to wait a little as they expected a lady visitor. The young man will have diree years to get over his astonishment. Mr. Parr, of Carrathoel, having mentioned to two Wagga genttemen that he had a very fat cow and bullock on hand, which he expected to weigh 2600, a wager was made that diey would not go that weight. Mr. Parr won by 224II5, the beasts going 9941b and 12301b respectively, both: being the finest animals that have been seen in die district for many years. An incident which the Berlin correspon dent of the Times describes as the " Comedy of the Modern Pilgrim Fathers.' Dr. Forster, one of the most prominent Jew-baiters in the country, not having succeeded in expelling the descendants of Abraham from his native coun try has with a devoted band of adherents, sailed for Paraguay, where they intend to found an anti-Semitic colony. Recent emigration statistics show that last year 500 Germans pro ceeded to Australia. A Suicide occurred at Manga! ore last week of a peculiar nature. For some reason, states the N~. E. Ensign, the occurence has been kept out of public print, dierefore we are not in a position to mention names. ? The suicide was an elderly man and a schoolmaster. Last week he purchased a gimlet in a store at Manga Iore, and was very particular in its selection. He then returned home and actual!}* bored with the gimlet through his left breast, piercing the heart, and diereby ending his earthly career. There is said to be a marked preference shqwn by various royal ladies in Europe for particular fur. The Empress of Russia wears sable by choice,, the Empress of Austria patron izes Astrachan far, die Archduchess of Step hanie of Austria prefers otter, the Qaeen of Roumania likes grey fur, marten is specially favored by the Queen of Holland, while the Queen of Spain chooses beaver as her favorite wear. There has been a curious exposure of the means employed by the Russian Government to entrap unsuspecting -Nihilists ap;-ear in one of die Vienna papers. The Free tVorld, a soi dasant revolutionary periodical, published at Geneva, was edited by the Russian Govern ment at their expense. Eventually it was found out by the Nihilist refugees, and olili-!ge to suspend its publication. A second attempt of the kind was made with a journal called Prazoda or Truth. But diat, too, came igno miniously to grief, and its editor was forced to rwit (Vnpvn snim^vjhnt hiirrii»(llv. A third Irinl is about to lie made widi die publication of the Smoboda or Freedom ; but, even before the first number has come out, the Nihilists re pudiate- all connection with it, and warn .the pjblic that it is a police undertaking. ' Broadbrim,' the New York coreespon dent of the Kaputida Herald, says : — And now I trust that we have seen for some time at least, the last thives' carnival. Take in full and bye, as a sailor would say, a million of dollars would not recompense us for the degradation and de moralization which they have brought upon our city; these, widi .die brutal Sullivan exhibition that New York paid $30,000 to see, have left such an ^ehtailment- 6f -infamy on us that a generation will' pass before die stain will l-e blotted out. The effect of the walking and boxing exhibitions is particularly seen on our boys, and young men ; and while every news paper pop-gun is pointed at Oscar Wilde,' it would be well if some of our young sprig3 who now 'travel on 'their muscle, would take lessons isi genteel behaviour from diis English aesthete. One thing alwut Oscar Wilde, he is ever and always a gentlemen ; if he wears knee- breeches and long hair, he only does what all the great men of the revolution did, those that did not wear their own hair long, wore horse-hair wigs, and we would be very sorry to put Washington Adams, Lafayette, and John Ilancock as fools because diey wore their hair in what we con sider a ridiculous fashion. This is a free coun try ; or at 1 ^ast we suppose it is, and yet we are trying to make laws how a man shall comb his hair. A woman could wear a cabbage on top of her head, and if that woman happened to be Mr. Langtry, before twenty- four hours had passed you would see such a boom in cabbage, that diey would lie regularly called on the Stock Broad; but if a man steps a little out of the beaten track, men jump -for him like a pack of mad dogs ; and this puts me in a mind of die new fall hats. We have had many vagaries in hats — big hats and little hats, hats with wide rims, and hats with no rims at all, but for utterabsurdity, and thorougli tomfoolery we have had nothing like the humor of the latest fall soft hats. The brain that conceived them and the hands diat manufactured them should be consigned toarfiraniortality oJjinfancy; the gelter-up of the original design should lie condemed to wander through Hades for ever with one of these wool abominations on his head, and every aesdietic ghost that he passed should shy a brick at him till diere was nothing left but the head and die hat, and they should be stuck up on a pole as an euternal horror and warning. Dress. — The subject of rational dress for women has heen evoking a considerable amount of warm discussion in the pages of knowledge, die overwhelming weight of testi mony being against tight-lacing. In the current number a lady gives her experience of the re sults of leaving off stays, after wearing them from die childhood till the age of 27 (having married at 18 and bourne four children). To her suqirise she found no need o7 support even the first few days of the change, but on the :ontrary she found herself stronger, fitter for work and exercise, more comfortable altogether. But without stays the ladies skirts did not sit ivell. Therefore, she tried die divided skirt. 5he notes about this that it is not,- as many luppose, a change of dress which every one can it once recognise. On the contrary, it is hardly weceptible even by ladies, keen to notice any :hange of die sort, and none of die odier sex vould suspect a change. She found the im -rovement from this change even greater than rom the odier. Not only increased freedom, trength, and comfort, but more warmdi from me of these light double skirts than from at east three heavy petticoats. She expresses ter belief that no one who has once tried the livided skirt will ever tempted to submit again 0 the discomfort and burden of heavy petti oats. The weight of odier testimony goes to trove undoubtedly — all protestations notwith tanding — that tight lacing limits free breathing nd general feeling of comfort, seriously iinpair he health, and sours the temper. Another terrible illustration of die manner ti which a man may sometimes suffer sentence 01 a crime of which he is perfectly innocent, las just lieen furnished in France. It is stated hat notwidistanding the strict guard that is :ept over die Freneh forests and wooded dis ricts, poaching is very common. The poachers re, as a rule, men who give dieir time entirely p to the chase, and not, as in diis country, enerally recruited from workmen who take a lay's shooting occasionally. They are adepts t evading the gendarmes, and often fire on heir pursuers rather than allow themselves to ie captured. In January, a gendarme, named ^ahaye, while walking in the woods near St. kmnet-le-Chateau, fell mortally wounded by a hot from a gun. Lahaye, in his last moments, idieved it was a farmer who had fired, and the endarme who was accompanying hid* said diat ie had seen die farmer doit. The unfortunate griculturalist declared he was innocent, and aid he had never fired a gun since he was a oldier. He was arrested, and next day tried nd condemned before the Police Court for lurder. Two weeks after diis, a well- known oacher, named Barjon, gave himself up to die olice at Montbrison, and said he was the man rho should be arrested for killing Lahaye. Ie stated that he was in the wood when the endarmes passed, and in his haste to escape be gun trigger came in contuct widi the bough a tree and shot die unhappy gendarme. The medical examination of the body and place combined proved diat Barjohn's statement was correct. ? The unhappy farmer was liberated, and Barjon was sentenced at the Spring Assizes for manslaughter and poaching. Going to Law.: — Two Dutchmen, who built and used in common a bridge over a stream which ran dirough their farms, had a dispute concerning some repairs which it re quired ; and one of them positively refused to bear any portion of the expense necessary to die purchase of a few planks. Finally the ag grieved party went to a neighbovring lawyer, and placing two sovereigns in his hand, said — ' I will give you all dish money if you make Ha s do Justice mit de bridge.' ' How much will it cost to repair it ?' asken the honest lawyer. ' Not more ash vun jx-und,' replied the Dutchman. ' Very well,'' said the lawyer, pod.eing one of the sovereigns, and giving 'lim the other, ' take this, and go and get the bridge repaired, 'tis die best course you can take.' ' Yaas,' said the Dutchman slowly, ' yass, dat is more better as to quarrel m't Hans ;' but as he went along home he shook his head frequently, as if unable, after all, to see quite clearly how he had gained anything by going to law. 