The Wheel of Fortune. CHAPTEB XXM.—(Continued). ADVICE GRATIS. " I FEEL it no\r, madam—at this moment," returned the girl, with intense significance. " But it was not to our poverty that I was alluding: you are welcome to dwell on that to your heart's content. - But with respect to any—with respect to that gentleman's pretensions to my hand, for to such I am compelled to believe you refer, I will not be schooled; I will not listen to you; it is a matter with which you have no concern whatever, while God still leaves me a mother." For a moment the bitterness—the sense of the harsh' ness of Fate—which the young girl felt in her heart. of hearts, was per mitted to manifest itself in her tone, but the mention of her mother evidently softened it. " I must beg, I must entreat, Mrs. Campden," she continued, pleadingly, " that you will never men tion the subject to mamma. She could not endure it; it yould pain and dia. tress her to an extent that I think you are hardly aware cf." " I am quite aware of it, my dear,' answered Mre. Campden, composedly, " and it is out of consideration for the state of her health and—and condition —that I have addressed myself to you A mother, as you suggest, is the proper channel for such, advice ; but in tl case, it is for your, mother's sake speak, and she can hardly plead her own cause. I isay nothing of your father, though his regret at seeing his dear ones reduced, through his own folIy, to a position so foreign to their experience, must indeed be poignant J nothing of your poor invalid sister, henceforth compelled to give up all those luxuries 1 which to one in her condition are almost necessaries; nothing of your little inbther, so ytiung that he is incapable ot understanding the change that has shadowed hib *pros pects. _ All -these, things can be reme' died, if you pleaBe; but I speak of ypur mother only.; She will never complain,, of. course ; ; <but she will suffer all the morp. Every slight that may now be offered to her husband, in return for ^.sharp word, in-other days, will be telt by her sensitive • spirit like a poisoned dart. The-withdrawal of fine-weather friends; the open satisfaction of enemies: these;,things will torture her.. She will sejs yourself—her pride and flower—no; longer the centre of f fashion, %ut wearing out your days n Itqiferty feind; ggblnjmin, : ,T^thbut hance of such a suitor <ae she might of ld have reaso'njably expected; . some doctor, or : curate, gentleman-farmer at the best, will necepsarily fall to your lot • she will see Jenny-rT-i-" : J ^ ''^^e 'meH^ cnea Hate, implor-" inglyi Do 5 you Suppose 1 > do no e these thmgaaLs^ellis you—that they are nbt ^brought home to me here?" and she preased her hand passionately.to her Jtie^rt. 1 - , : "^Tlmt "may te'io," r continued tibie other,; Cft1nily. t^BiiV'what you^vi^' dehtly "do' not 'boa is Jhe reverse of the picture; jthe change that is in your power to: effect by the utterance of" a single monosyllable. It is not His if you were asked to sacrifice jrouiSelf—. as juany. girls are called 'upon to do—at the.ehrine of Mammon; you are not * "ng yourself to some miserable old man,^who has only his gold to recommend.him, and who hasforgotten,' if he evgr knew, what love is. Mr. Holt is man in every way estimable,' and who —as you cannot but be aware—is passionately attachedito you. You will make him the happiest of men; and ih time —for 'thesei things^'grow, iny 1 dear Kate; the fanciful affection of a girl for a lover she knows nothing about is i^ot to be compared ivith" the esteem and affectapn borij of the dpvolion; of a husband—I say, in 4ime he will make you the happiest of women:' Of course you don't'think BO now.". J&BLte; ^d turned very psle, and sank down rather, than seated herself .in-the arm-chair It . is. so- difficult, for a young giirl tt) listen to. the voice of experience'Sh Biich a matter. : .That .is irhy il preferred in^ the first place to speak of the material aspectspf of which' miiiBt 'sarjily'Meda caiTy convio^ion. In , accepting this gentleman' thom imderviiu<!h circuiii6tanoes, you may depend upon it he would feel the obligation to be upon his side. He has opportunities —golden ones—of putting things in your father's way, without any cost to himself whatever. I think these should be etrong arguments, even though there were otner means of extricating your family from their embarrasments; but there are absolutely none. This expedition of your father's to the Brazils, Mr. Holt tells zne, is a fool's errand." " You think that would be given tip," put in Kate, suddenly—" that papa would remain with mamma, in case I—that is, if Mr. Holt——" " My dear Kate, I wouldn't precipi tate matters for the world," interrupted Mrs. Campden; " I think it upon the whole advisable that your father should take the voyage." " But you said it was a fool's errand." " Yes, but he will never be convinced of that without a personal experience. Heaven forbid, too, that any arguments of mine should induce you to take a hurried step in a matter so important; but I adjure you ta lay them to heart. Bemember, you are the only one to whom those you love can look for assistance—I mean, of course, for permanent assistance," added Mrs. Campden, while a tinge of colour deepened the extremity of her nose. "It is not as if you had sisters to whom a similar chance might offer itself. Your parents have only another burden in poor, dear Jenny, who must always be a source to them of expense, as well as anxiety." " Hush, for God's sake!" cried Kate, imperiously. The flow of Mrs. Campden's eloquence had been such as to drown the noise of the opening of the door, and she was quite unaware that Jenny herself had entered the room. There she stood, white and wan as a ghost, with her magnificent eyes fixed full upon her hostess, with an expreS' sion of unutterable calm. "Do not be distressed forme, Kitty," said she, with exquisite softness. Then, in the clear, incisive tones that were habitual to her, she added: " And as for you, Mrs. Campden, I should indeed be sorry that anyone beyond our own family circle should be troubled upon my account. That I should always— so long as I live—be a source of anxiety to it, has been, I am afraid, decreed by Fate ; but as to my being a burden, I hope in that respect your ap' prehensions will not be realised." " Oh, Jenny, how can you ever be a burden to us!" exclaimed Kitty, re proachfully. " In tho manner that Mrs. Campden has pointed out, dear," answered her sister, calmly. " She has, with great sense, and without that foolish fasti- diousness that would keep some people silent upon such a matter, laid her finger upon our weakest point—namely, the expense which an invalid like myself muet necessarily be to my father and mother, who are no longer in a position to bear it." For the first moment or two of surprise, the mistress of Biverside had looked anything but the superior being whioh, in comparison with her young guests, circumstances had recently made her; she had been discomposed, confused, and flustered; there was even a fleeting instant in which .she had meditated an iapology for having involuntarily wounded Jenny's feelings; but perceiving first no direct resentment in the girl's manner, and then-that her own arguments had acquired an unexpected ally, she began to take, courage. " Of course, my dear Jenny, I should never have spoken upon so delicate a matter as your illness, had I'dreamt you were within hearing. But Kate and I were having a little talk upon a private topic, during which it becaine necessaiy to touch upon all thb inconveniences to which, through ; your father's losses, your family would be now exposed." Jenny's eyes glanced to Kate aid back again with the quickness of those : of a bird. ' " I by no meanB wish t(? inquire into this private topic, Mrs. Campden/' said she, firmly; '? but I should wish it clearly to be understood that any arguments founded upon my being' an' en-' cumberasce to my parents—upon my in6apacity to earn iny own living—have advanced in ei»ror. If any important step were taken by any member of ourfamily "—here she glanced again t at ' Kate—"upon " that " ' supposition, it would be a great mistake; and if it mvolved anything of sacrifice, ; must needs be bitterly repented of, since it would have been made in vain;". v "But, my dear child/' expostulated Mrs. Campden, with a certain maternal aifrwhich. |>erhaps r ..of &Il;/her)rientaI disguises became her least, "it u perfectly ridiculous that a girl in your position—a confirmed invalid—can^ever hope to obtain any situation, as a governess, for instance, or to make money by her own exertions. With all the goodwill in the world, you know, how is it possible that you axe to do it?" " My dear Mrs. Campden, thafis an affair of my own/' replied Jenny, decisively, " as private as your late topic with Kitty, and ^ou must, therefore, excuse my discussing it. Here is Mary come at last. Mamma is still oloseted with Dr. Curzon, by-the r by, and btide me say she would take no tea." _ CHAPTEB JOCIV.' . SEOOND CLiBS. ' ,?"!!;•.; ".*>., The divines talk to us of " precious time ;f and from their point of view,- no doubt, our time should be more precious, and we should be less willing to waste it, than gold Jt'sslf." ^Businessmen also protest, with more or less of ^truth ; (generally the latter), that their 'time is precious, and would have u6 believe that every quarter of an hour by which- their morning strain is delayed/ costs them, or their clients, thousands. [^l^n^jitside those tw^culfrta tftere^are mmiy ins^cMan-'^hidh;^ tli our pnay wVim^iPld by Ih ... at, after al there is no' time 'BO precious tb the human heart as that which intervenes between the signature of tho deathwarrant of some beloved fellow-creature .and the carrying it into effect. When the kindly doctor is compelled to whisper, "No. hope,''..and husband, or wife/ or child lie on that bed which they will for certain only exchange for 'their place in the churchyardthen time becomes precious indeed. - .How wegrudgeeverymoment that we are forced to pass away from that beloved object whom we shall nev^r, never Bee again! How we feel that a week hence, or a day, we shall bitterly regret the hours—cumulatively years—that we have Jived apart from them, out of their sight, beyond their voice and touch, -when'we might have been in their company! How every stroke of the clock sounds like a parting knell! And thus, as the time drew on for John Daiton to set Bail for Brazil, each day became inexpressibly dear, and all too brief for his unhappy wife. It was a long journey, full of doubt and hazard, even for him; but for her it was the longest that mortal man can take, for she knew well, though no tongue had. told her, but only the wordless whisper of her own prescient heart, that she would never behold him more in this world. Her health had been failing her for long, though no one knew it besides herself. She had been always one to make light of her troubles, in order the better to persuade others to let her help them to bear their own; " her worst she kept, her best she gave" of everything. But she had for some time looked forward to her coming trial with a grave suspicion that her strength was insufficient to meet it. And now this crushing blow had fallen, and she felt that it had paralysed all her rallying powers; her courage remained with her—it was necessary for others, and therefore only death could rob her of it; but her vital energies were gone. Hers was not a solitaiy cast*. Doubtless, while I write these words, there are hundreds, perhaps thousands of women, wives and mothers, who know that their fate is sealed, but keep the secret to themselves for others' sakes, and look upon the passing world with smiiing serenity. Another autumn, perhaps even another winter they may see on earth, but not another spring. They hear plans made for the future which include themselves, and they appear to fall in with them. They will not cast a shadow over the present happiness, the present hope of those around them; but they are well aware, by the time of which these loved ones speak with such unclouded assurance, that in this world they themselves will have become a memory. -Suchmiseries are strewn broadcast • in -our homes. But Mrs. Dalton's case was worse than most. She was not only sentenced leave all she loved, and step into the unfathomed gulf of death alone, but to leave them in sore straits. ~ Moreover, the little span of time during which her husband was still to remain with her was trenched upon by the necessity of his going to town, and making arrange ments for tbe disposition of his property —or rather of what had been his before their ruin. He was bent upon being absent from Biverside as little as pos sible, but a "monstrous cintle" of at least three days was thus cut out of the bare fortnight that still intervened be fore the sailing of the ship. Of course Edith might have accompanied him to London, but she shrank from expending the few pounds that this would cost upon her own pleasure or comfort. Every moment that could be passed in his company was, now priceless to her, yet ten thousand of them were now foregone, for the sake of a few shillings. Such.is poverty, which fools make liqkt of, and liars .praise for its wise teach ings, and which'rogues and scoundrels dare to flout at aud.despisb. Edith could, however, accompany her husbtind to the station without expensn, since he was conveyed thither in one of the RivBirside equipages; and this we may be sure she did. I shall take a second-class ticket, my darling," said he, as they drew near their destination:. His tone; if not that of a martyr, had something of serious b self-.sacrifice in ^t, Oh, flitMfyou?" returned she, plead- I ingly. She did not. like the notion of "dear John" going by the second class; though, for herself, if she could have gone with him, she would cheer fully have travelled in a cattle-truck. "Yes, I think so. One can't begin to^economise too earty,; as that woman said laBt night, i The idea of her giving ypu such adyife, at such a time!" ; ',*It wis}very wise advice,' John." "Very, likely; but I wish it had choked her. However, I am going to follow it, you see. . It is lucky I did not bring down Toffet with me" /Toffet war his valet), "as 'we : origiridly intended, or it would; have bpen rather unpleasant—I inean| ; for him and me to travel together." : /' It would have been impossible, my dear.'" \- " OH/1 don't''kiow; one soon gets used to thess things. I daresay. I,shall have- worse, company than Toffet on board the Flamborough Read, for I am quite resolved to go in the steerage. It is a matter, of,tpreptjr,pounds, the difference jus; and that t wenty pounds will be .of use to you at, th^ Nook, you may de- pend upon il.' 1 '' ' "Don't talk of it, darlingj not just now," murmured Edith, ivith her head upon his breast:/ "It has not come to parting yet. You will be baot Amongst us on ^Tuesday." » ; " Yeii, my pet, on Tuesday at latest, if I can only get tht^e lawyers to inove ont of thetf shail's'jSake. rThere is the auctioneer,- too/to r se4 about the J kaSe. -I have great hopes that the house wili haveimproved in value since we took it. I think % ahall ' take. Slripton's bid ! tor the horses. eo that that matter ban be k v ^once and entered some in his note-book. How slje; 'eliv|tfd thim the many practical matters he /had to deal with, the transaction^ ot* whioh must necessarily engross his thoughts. In the day of trouble women's work is of little value t'» them ae a distraction from care; the occupation of the hand, or even of the mind, affords but small relief; a certain sort of,actiou.is invaluable -at such seasons. 'That pompous and pretentious arrkngementforthe transaction of affairs, called Business," becomes then of real importance, ana only men are able to avail themselves of it. This is fortunate, since they are etirtaiuly less able to endure " worry" than;'the softer andserener sex. Annoyances of any kind had always irritated John Daiton to an extent quite disproportionate to their importance; but, under the present oiroiimstances, the least vexations galled him. Though he asked for a second-class ticket at the station, the. clerk—who knew him well—gave him" a first from habit; and this had to be exchanged, to the wonder not only of the official, but of the various passengers in the waiting-room, to whom the Biverside liveries were familiar. Both eminent and wealthy persons are found some- times tb use the second clasB; but Mrf. Campden would have felt it a slur upon the reputation of her house if any guest had arrived or departed from it in so ignoble a manner. And in this particular at least Daiton would have satisfied her expectations; he had always been accustomed to the best of everything—never to the second best. He had never been in the pit of the opera, nor put up with the accommodation of a coffee-room at an hotel. When he had journeyed, it was always in a luxurious manner, with piles of newspapers or heaps of railway books, which he bad as often ae not left in the carriage behind him, when they had served his object of making the hours of travel move more quickly. But he was resolute now to adopt the most rigidly economical habits, and having omitted to bring a book with him from Biverside, was therefore compelled to feed on his own thoughts throughout the journey, or to enter against the grain into conversation with his fellow-travellers. They stared at him because a. livery servant had opened the door of the carriage for him, and handed in his railway rug, but not more than the servant himself had stared when Daiton had said " secondclass, William." Perhaps nothing so brought home the fact to the Biverside household that "them poor Daltons" were really ruined as the tidings of this simple change of travelling carriage. " Just think of Mr. .Daiton, 'im as has just been atannin' for Bampton,. sitting cheek by joul with Scarve, the Bleabarrow undertaker, and that 'ere 'prentice of his, Tomkins!" who happened to be going on a professional expedition by the same train. Tomkins, who was educating himself to be a mute, was ]ust the sort of companion Daiton wanted, if he must needs have any; but Scarve was lugubriously loquacious. Under the influence of a flask of gin which he carried about with him, as he explained, as a precaution against infection, he grew very communicative about his "jobs with the aristocracy," of whom, if his word was to be credited, he had put a sufficient number under ground to make a House of Lords in the other world. "I don't say but that there is firms in London as can bury as well or better than ourselves," he whispered confidentially to Daiton; " but in the oountryScarve & Co. yield to none." When he got out he pressed his caid—it it had a neat black border of about two inches broad, and a tomb in the centre, on which were inscribed his name and address—upon : his fellow-traveller's attention; and though at first amused by it, it presently begat in his mind a ghastly reflection. Supposing, when he himself was far away, anything should happen to Edith, or any of the children, would a man like that—perhaps the very , man himself—be sent for to the Nook to bury them? A morbid and monstrous thought, as he was well aware; but the knowledge of his own weakness availed him nothing. ,, He eheld liis little .family, overshadowed by death as well-asTtuu, ministered to -by hireling bands, forgotten, and forisaken by friends, while he himself was thousands of miles away. It was the ipuly time that he had dared to say to himself concerning any of his dear ones "They will die, perhaps, in my . absence; their welcoming faces ihau greet, me never more." As for:himself, he felt too thickly clad in misery to be pervious to the shafts of Death ; he .could not lose them that way; -but.' he felt that they might well leave him —Edith, who was so delicate, or Jenny always . an invalid—and then this mati would dome and see the last of them. It was an inexpressible relief to him when Mr. Soarve and his assistant quitted the train, and with the most i ejected faces climbed into, a dogcart was in waiting, , for them, . i tnven by a groom in mourning. ; To them succeeded an unmistakable commercial traveller; "' money ' aid orders" were written in his twinkline eyes as legibly as the Hebrew charaotera . that were wont to be seen (by the faithful) inscribed upon those of some pious,folkof old. He was a chirov gossipy fellow, full of Joe MiUerish 3okes, and veiy inquisitive. He was veiy curious 1 to know. " who " Mtoii " travelled for/! as he expressed it. , "Afamilyman, I presume?" said * he.- Daiton .nodded m good-natured jssisnl, " Ah, then you are quite right to come second-class, sir; I always do : " it , myself, and. save the difference for Mrs. B——' (my name is {Roberts) ' and the young people." Prekuminf ujion his supenonty in years/he WM so good as to give his' oompanioti much advioe as to the pursuitof bis supposed calling. "My motto ia push, which he' pronoUrioed like "rush : " ftfid l have always found that system to anBwer." And* by way of illustration, he dug the would-have-been member, for Bampton playfully in the ribs; • Without being at all of the opinion of that modest philosopher who averred that ho never spoke with any fellowcreature without < learning something new, Dalton was by nature sonial and a citizen of the world ; so that not only did Mr- Roberts' conversation speed the leaden hours of the journey, but the two parted the best of friends. " You are tlie right sort, you are," was the eiilogium passed upca him by that gentleman on the platform: as they shook hands. In the midst of which leave-taking, up came Dalton's footman to show him where the carriage stood. "Well, I am blowed," said Mr. Roberts, with a pi olonged whistle. He did not know, of course, that it was the last drive in bis own carriage which his late fellow-traveller was to take. fTo be continued. J 