Facts Focussed. A 39-oz. nugget has been found on a road near Allendale (Vic.). It is notified that as a rule the course through the Straits of Sunda is now safe. £178 has been collected by Newcastle ladies towards the Sailors Home at that port. A central astronomical bureau for the world has been established at Kiel, Denmark. A stone axe, apparently an aboriginal im- plement, has been discovered in Victoria. Probate for the will for the late Archbishop Vaughan has been issued, £61,828. A man was crushed to death by a fall of earth at the Racecourse Mine, Haddon (Vic.), last week. A deserter from H.M.S. Miranda, who dis- appeared over a year ago, has been arrested in Sydney. .. notifies that ninsn fcave 1 returned from Port Darwin with nnsatislub^y^DMk'--'- IinrJ: '. •' ' •••••-v.-.: • The first oSse of flogging under the new Criminal'; liaw tbbk 'place at WodUmnmelco lockup onTnesday. • • 7 The Marine Board'liaTe just finished a tour of inspection of fthei lighthouses and pilot stations on the sooth coast. A lOostume footbaU terttih,played at Ballartt in thn' presence of 6000 Jpenons, realised £85 - for the local BenerolahtSociet^. • A mysterious bank robbery, in which 14 ban of gold have been abstracted from the strong room.isreportedfrpmHelbof"- *5 The 'Victor'"- , " \- • .^—•'--•vctentosr officers hare «nasn to the Premier rertewing the proposed defence scheme 4f4he Government. ~ OoTenunent of South Australia has been defeated on its taxation proposals and an appeal to the country will probably ensue. A barmaid has died at Woddilor (Vic.), under suspicious circumstances, some notorious females being concerned in the affair. A verdict of £32 5s for injuries caused by a tram motor to a horse and van has been awarded against the Commissioner for Railways. The divorce case, Horwitz v. Horwitz, re- sulted in a verdict for the petitioner, the co- respondent being cast in £5000 damages. 'Hie Tariff Oommi^on has almost mwni. numdy condwmied its chaiman for writfeff to the Press »*»ubjecta nbw being oonsidena; woman owningthreeoottages in thdMt has been ordered to j«y 6s par week for sob^ r P?rt of her two children in the Benevrieni Asvlnm, taken from her owing to her druaksa habits. . '' " • ' The King of Hawaii has proteBted iuratol proposed Pdlynesian anneiations and Bngge*l» 1 the extension of the system .of.joint guarantee* whioh obtains in eumectioh with theBandwidb group, - Mr. Lyne, M.L.A., apeaUug at the Jinder* inqner, and that the forthcoming land Bill Mild be but a compromise, and he warned his CMstitaento not to expect a measure of radical reform. .. ;; • • l! While hastemngto ! ah 'outbreak of 'fire 1 last' week an aocident occurred -In oonnection with thaSi — ~ m Tliel^wahfiiiriCouooilhasuigedthaVic. torian Government to take steps to have the question of .ownenhip pf .a atnp of tnitnu laimed by both victoriaslndB. Aiutnlia satis, fcctorilysettled. A miner in Victoria has been fined £2 and Jt is declared that the police have amstsd the mm who interfered with the guiding beacon ' at Clarenoe Heads and jeopardised the eafetr M_0ie Ministerial party. ' Bis add that the Duke of Bedford holds Ida charter for Coreot-gardeo Market on oonditiaa th»t a pepk of greta peas shiJl be aold there for ' 6d.no June 1 every year. : lie census of mistions to be taken next year will, it is said, show an increase of 200,000 native Christians in India, Oeylon, and Burnish for the last ten yean—600,000 in all. " . . Of the missionaries who attended the re- ' cent Decennial Conferenw in India, 160 were " Baptists and Independents, 120 Methodists, 100 ipalians. and 100 Freibvterians. Chief Immigration Officer at Melbourne ', has taken lecal proceedings against the captain 1 of the Ate Yeoman fornon-supply of good and -; sufficient food to pauengen by the vesaeL pension granted by the Italian Government to Pins IX., and constantly declined. by him, is to be devoted to reclaiming the Roman marshes, the hein of the late Pontiff haying lost the suit which they brought to ibtSin possession of it. •HiBreate fout generations, each well represented, in the reigning families of the German and British Empires.' Hie little prince born the other day to a young son of Prinoe tt'a s^t grandeon of Queen Victoria, as wdl as of Emperor William. A Viotorian judge, at a recent trial for neglect in which a railway official was acduit- . ted, expressed his opinion that another official was really to blame for the aocidoct resulting. Immediately afterwards'the seoond employee was arraigned, and the Judge adjourned the case.. Recently at Wagga a drover whs had not previously slept in a house for, nine months rose from his bed early in the morning and walked over the balcony of the hotel at whioh : •••: he was stopping, fell to the ground, and hroke his spine. . .There is a statement in the Bristol newspapers that the collection of pictures at. Leighoourt, Somerset, has been sold to Mr. Mackay, the American. (Bonanza King," for £110,000. No contradiction has been given to this report, which, if authoritative, b likely todeprive the country of a remarkable assemblage of ancient masters. InFijia curious kindof worm, about6in. long and of the thickness of a' piece of ordinary string, rises apparently from out of .the coral reefs twice every year. They- are 'called balolo, and make their first appearance in October, which month the natives call •• Balolo laQai," or " little haloid," as the worms appear in only a small quantity. They appear again in vast numben about November 26, and give that month the name of " balolo levn," or " great balolo." They ate very excellent eating, but very rich. The Fijians devour huge quantities, and faithfully bear in mind their balolo proverb, "E kua gonanibalob menakua sara," whioh means "H you don't eat balolo now, it will tea long time before you ' Following story comes from Maldon (Vio.): —*' A few nights ago Hn, Miller was return- ' ing home, and,, whilst waiting for a friend' at a street comer, was passed, by a young man, who after going past her a few yards, relumed, knocked her down, giving hir two black eyes and inflicting other injuries. Before leaving,,. he told her he thought he had 'given her enough. On reaobing home she informed her " friends, who U^nde «Ctaamilicated:' with lhe police, bnt, as she'could not give any description of the person who assaulted her, the matter. remained a mystery. Reports had for some tvme past been current that ghosts have been seen m the neighbourhood of the plaoe where the assault took plaoe, aqd the following .mm*. ing a young man who dellven milk In the neighbourhood appeared ss usual, but with a bandaged and helpless hand, and informed his . customers that he had been fighting -with the ffhost.. On bearil«thatMra. VillSV(isMWia hands of the polioe, he at once •Hsit jto thajaffar8r,-and^nflndiw " (jUIMt, . „ this has been aooepted " T 