SflatPXtfKE AND CHU&CH.; BY PEUTKTEE. [The Vaticm Council and the revised Protestant version—God's messenger mistaken—What Dean Macartney means—Is the speech greater than the speaker of it Pj How long is it, 0 esteemed reader, «n„e the last Ecumenical Council of the Church Christ P It was held in the Vatican Palace at Rome, you know, and presided over by Pope Tius IX. of most glorious memory. How long is it since? Ah, you do not remember, don't ynu ? "Well, you are the only esteemed reader who doesn't. Every other esteemed reader will tell you that the Vatican Council was summoned to meet on December 8, the Feast of the Immaculate Conception, J SCO, that is, 13 years ago, and was attended by about 800 prelates and theologians. Oh, you remember all about it now. Well, then, keep remembering it if you can, for it is an event in the life of the Catholic Churdb wort^ remembering, quite as well worth a place in your memory as Jack and the Bean Stalk, which you don't forget. This great and solemn assembly, or grand parliament, of the Cliuroh of Christ was rendered necess ary by the temper of the times, and the peace and security of the flock, whose oversight the ]Divine Shepherd entrusted to Peter, the Prince of the Apostles, and his rightfnl successors in the See of R>me. The hostile attitude of many secular governments towards the Holy Father, and the: free action of the Church in several countries, might at any moment make itself felt, even by interrupting or preventing the convocation of a General Council when her welfare needed its interposition. Then several lfliirned professors in RDyal Colleges and Universities ha\ brojchod opinions or theories of ecslesimticul self-rule, aud of deference to secular authority, which, if carried into, practice, Would wholly silence the voice of tho Church as a , self-governing society, aui reduce hiir to the wretched cou-.lition of a voluntary association, with a judicial tribunal subordinated to secuUr authority, aud consequently liable to be inhibited and restrained in giving her decisions on questions of faith and morals, aud thereby throwing the min'ds of the faithful into a state of. doubt on m'itters of conscience and Christian duty. To avert., or to guard against, or to be prepared for Mich an cmergeney, the Holy Father, Pius IX, now with the saiuta, summoned the last General Council 14 years ago. Hid the wise and far-seeing Poutiff waited six moaths lonyer no Council oould have been held. Tho Franco-German war, and the brigand seizure of Rome and the States of tho Church by King Victor Emmanuel, would htive reud«red the sitting of a free Council impossible; and »t no point of time since then would the t.roublod life of the world have allowed tho Church to call her episcopate together for a consultation and General Council. No act of any Supreme Pontiff for many ages past seems to have been more advised and opportune than that of tho brave, heroic Pius IX. in getting tho Vatican Council together just at the lust moment of complete, untrammelled freedom, and in froely deciding a question which, by the special mercy and providcnce of God, is now determined to the Church's peace, strength, glory, and defencc. Tun QUESTION. Protestantism, burglariously seizing and carrying off tho Holy Scriptures of tho Church, set. them up" in place of tho Church as the solo rule of faith and morals, and the very voice of God Himself prescribing tho way of salvation. If so, then the ScriptureB were mistaken in nothing that pertained to eternal life, and could not be mistaken in what they taught in order to the attainment of that eternal life. Cut then Protestantism no sooner began to expound its way of life than it began also to explain the " Wor-i of God" ia contradictory senses, and, in fact, upon tbesecontradiotory explanations of God's Written Word, Protestantism (broke into a score of contradictory seots [which they now call "Churohes"], each sect saying that. the other mistook the manning of the Word of God, and so they continue. The Vatican (Jjuncil was summoned to declare the mind of the Catholic Churoh upon this point of mistakenncs. In her mission to all nations could God's Church mistake tier message and teach what was false in faith or morals? The love and wisdom and goodness of God forbade. God's Church never did, and never could, make a>ij/\mistake in teaching what God eent her to teach. In few words, this Was the question which the Vatican Council had before it, and'then came the further question —How was this immunity from mistake provided for ? and the reply of .the Council was, that it wiis always a prerogative of Peter, the Prince of the Apostles, and his rightful successors, to speak as the voice of the Church, and to sat), without possibility of mistake, what wasirue or what was false as regarded Christian faith.and Christian morals. TUB VOICES. . Thus, then, we liave on the one side the Church of God coming dbwn'to us from eUrno tluhg!' jl tfor. ill ana teabhirie, withbafc ttifotftWor ibriW, had commanded the Apostles to 'taaoh/'^w'tiHbut vaxi&noe; qglifahwb ^.rtikiig with kings frnd governments as to what she should teach*. and everywhere, and in all lands,, teaching and preaching on the authority of God and as the voice of God, Op the other hand are the Protestant .sects, originating in Luther's revolt from the Church, 350 years ago, all claiming to teach and to preach according to the Holy Scriptures - or Written Word of God t yet "all of them in contradiction each of the other, either about "faith," or the "atonement," or "election," or regeneration, or the sacraments, or some Scriptute doctrine not clearly stated in the Written Word, as if God had written His Word with uncertainty, thereby to cause confusion. These 50 Contrarient voices were on one side, and the one consistent, sincere, and solemn voice of the Church on the other. And the Church summoned, her chief pastors from every diocese throughout the whole world to come and confer with the Pastor of Pastors at Rome, and say what and which the true voice was. THE ALABM. As soon as the Pope's letter of convocation had gone forth the whole Protestant world seemed to take alarm. The Protestant press of Europe and America commenced a scoffing, and even s vvagely ferocious outpouring of abuse and ridicule upon the Holy Father and his intention, and some great Protestant counter demonstration was deemed advisable in order to divert the world's attention from being wholly . fiied on Rome anil its Ecumenical Council, and the proceedings at the Vatican. Pan-Anglican Synods were heard of. But the bible—that was the war note which Would arimse all Protectant hearts; and in a regular annual meeting of the bishops and clergy of the Anglican E-tahlished Churoh, held their JIou-c of '•mtvocatini in London, February 20, 1870, two months after the opening of the Vatioan Council, 13 years dgo, it 'was resulvdl that a Revision of the so-called Authorised Version, or translation of the C-ithoIic Scriptures, in general use amongst all Protestants, should be /undertaken ; and three months' after, or in May, 1870, a further step was taken, aud the order of procedure laid down. The Authorised Veftibn had for 270 years, that is, from the 8th yeir of King James' I., A.D. 1611, do wn to 1&70, teen the : Bole rule of faith and waiy of Salvation'. But German hilologists had been at work, Hind ancient manuscript copies bf the Ne'w Testameut ad been' recovered," and* a new Proestant translation 1 <Jf the' bible, under he light . of ' modern 6ritioism Ixnd reearch, might We aflVatrtaifeOUs: 'The" Papists aid that the 'Authorised' VerSiort w&s; falsely ranslated in many places in o'rder tor give a pecious, gloas agkihstthem^Hud in favouf of ertain ProteStantf fertorj; Well, they fronld ee about that, and they Would re-tr«nslate those piasugos ootfiplni&ed; ,61 by the Papists, and th?y would' see whether th9 Papists would gain anything by a new recension. The proposed n«w Protestant translation of the bible was from the first tinted with a bigot hue. One of the best Greek soholars in America, Professor Smith, was removed from the roll of translators on the motion of Dr. Samuel Wilberforce, Protestant Bishop of Winchester, because he was a Unitarian Protestant,! Dr. Wilberforce said that. Professor Smith did not understand the Scriptures. On the other hand, Professor Smith Hnid that Dr. Wilberforce did not understand the Scriptures. And these were the gentlemen who were to revise and re- translate the Scrfptures. It is true that Cardinal Newman was invited to assist in the work; but the invitation was not ftcoepted, for the Cardinal ooiild not avoid regarding the proposal as anything else than a snare and an insult rather than a compliment. Be this as it may, the revision of the old familiar Authoi-iscd Version was begun, and for the ten following years it kept the Protestant world in all the tantalising pleasures of a very long, proracted suspense and ' restless expectation. The Anglican mountains were in labour. ome thought they would bring, about the death analytic of Popery. Others supposed that Broad Church would be made king by the new. revised gospel. Many hoped it. would, leave things pretty much as it found them, and that the bible should continue to' be. a chest of armB from whioh all good Prptestants might still draw weapons whereith to attack or defend themselves from the attack of every other good Protestant. The Protestant Bradlaughites laughed at the rospect it 'was to open in their direotion. 1 last the Anglican mountains brought forth, and, if ever mountain gave birth to a idiculously little mouse, it was when the evised New Testament met the light, and ow WHAT HAVE THEI DONE WITH IT? _ Nothing; literally nothing. It lays there ike some odd fish cast up and stranded on he Anglican beach. Multitudes ran to see t at first, but as the odd fish had neither atanic hoofc or horns, but only fins and tail, oaroely distinguishable from its prototype, onder soon died out, and we hear no more of the astonishing new version. They have done nothing with it. They dare not do anything with it at the risk of making thousands of clod- hopper disbelievers all over the whole Anglioan rural districts. For 270 years the old, familiar Authorised Version has been read in the Anglican parish churches to Hodge, and Giles, and Humphry, and their masters, the farmers;, and this old Bibl« has taught them that there is a "hell." But a certain Anglican bishop' has said that the new revision has obliterated " hell" from the New Testament. If, then, this no hell version be mv read to the opugtegations whieh come to flhuroh from the itfitityum aisft Jwdi-bou^.' the TMogh'idrlv4e an4 ffie fc rgip the mp aft&t;^ gipi say, Hodge, did'st ejjear what pardon said a lafet Sunday. He -saicf thtre beant fit) hell now." To which Hodge responds, "Tea; I heard un ; and so much and so better. Us can get drunk now and no danger." DEAN MACARTNEY'S REAL MEANING. This respected Protestant Anpiioau dignitary will have it that the bible was eliminated from our Viotorinn State schools to please the Catholios. The dean is too Sad ate and too attached to the sober ideas of his youth to make any fuss about new-fangled versions. Give him the safe and sound old version, and let him clap it into every Papist hand in Connemara or Collingwood and he will be content and joyful. But there is much in the dean's statement whioh does not meet ear or eye at first. What does lie then mean? DeanMacnrtntey means that the Catholics have an aversion to what he Calls "the bible." He meatis that Catholics hate " the bible" so much that if it were removed from the State schools the Catholics would Mien gladly avail themselves of the dvantages therein to be obtained. THE EQUIVOCATION. The Protestant dean, however, suppresses the truth in speaking of Catholic feeling towards "the bible." Dean Macartney is thinking of, and speaking of, his Protestant bible, and why should we respect, or read, or touch his falsified bible, which has been translated in many places with the very malevolent purpose of throwing discredit, on the Catholic religion ? A wilfully falsified bible we look upon as a devil'? bible, and it would be our. duty to destroy such a bible as a plague is cordoned and stamped out. The Proestant new revised version has amended othing, but rather has slyly in some places ntensified tho bad and malicious rendering f the old version. Why ehould we treat uch versions with anything but abhorrence ? he question is very far away indeed from ean Macartney's view of it. The question s, do the Catholics despise, dislike, reject, ate aud destroy tlipir own VULGATE version of tho New Testament made by St. Jcromn, at the request of St. Augustine, 1400 years ago, or do they ever refuse to read any Catholic translation of this Vulgate version ? That, is the question ; and Dean Macartney, I am sure, has too high a sense of what is true and honourable ever again to confuse the two bibles or scriptures, and predicate of the one what only applies to the other Catholics and only Catholics can rightly refere the Scriptures, because they are the Words and voice of the Catholic "Church in the first and apostolic ag« of that Church. The Scriptures are' not above the Church, they have no authority apart'- from the Church. The Holy Scriptures are only known to useanonically through the guardian dare of the Church. In A.D. 402, POPE GELASIU3 succeeded to the see or chair of St. Peter. A.D. 4U2. Two years after his election ho ordered all the books purporting to bo "Scripture" to be collected and collated by a Synod held at Rome. In this Council the Holy Father discriminated between genuine and spurious copies of Scripture, and declared which were authentic and which were not. The canon of Scripture wa9 thus decided by the Pope, and thus verified, remain with her as her property. They do not belong to any but the Catholic Church. In her keeping the Scriptures speak their true meaning, and speak it in every age tho same. In the hands f rebels and revoltera from the Church the criptures can be made to speak the anguage of 50 different rfevolters, and hus lose all their value. Dean Macartney xplains "the bible" one way': the Ritualists another: tho Broad Church another: and ther Protestants, such as Irviugites, and uakers, and Uuiversalists, another: and by htir conflicting interpretations bring disredit on the bible and make it a derision to he iufilel. Protestants set the bible up us a ower superior to .the Church, to which she ust deferred sfibmit on pain oi Protestant ensure. . .But this view of the Scriptures is n exaggeration which collapses before the est of severe hiatorio inquiry. The Gospel, s a matter of fact, was not taught by the postles out of S'criptiire or written words, ut by THEIE OWN LIVING VOICE. . The' Gospel "was preached viva-voce, a,nd then afterwards incidentally the Epistles bf the Apostles Were written; and it is by the living voice of the Church to-day that heathen nations are still taught. THE VALUE of Scripture, or the written Word, aa compared with the living, institution of the Church, may be illdbtrated. A member of our- Victorian Parliament makes a speech in. the House. The'speech is taken ilown . and recorded by Hansard, la this written down speech of greater value to any on^, or of greater authority, than the. member who made it ? No. Tho living member.of Parliament is of greater authority than, his speech. He understands his own epeeoh, or what he meant to say, and can explain it, hilt the speech cannot .explain itself. Thp «pepch did not give the member power to ;go jnto Parliament, but beiuff legally elected, the member went into the HouBe and sthere inade his speech, and "the speech ipnot a tbinsr in any way snperior to the^iSakbrJinor do Parliamentary upeeohtortfive any ^Mthbrfgr *o Parliament; nor Vs alottor writtep- by ^ny member of ParlUinBut dnore authority with flat.: NEifi ts-fd ilz&l; (ffi.v Ji tji, Jc;.; wrote them. The apostles were, the finj bishops St the .Cefthblit! CUtUt^ tuft ^whfterg; authority their writings possess. aeoru'ei tS them froin the persdtifii dmcial .fltiihoritv # the writers, who were [most of therb]il{ej with the Holy Ghost on the day of Pentecost - and this Holy Spirit having never departs from the CIiurcti, the words of Peter's successor to-day, when addressing the whole Church on matters of faith and morals, aire as sacred'and as authoritative to us as any of St. Peter's or St. Paul's epistles to ths Church Catholic winch they founded. It ft not with the Church of the pasfj, nor wjtfL'' ihe Church of the future, but with Church of the present tliat we have to db.' January 16, 1833. 