THE ALTARS AND WINDOWS OF ST. MARY'S CATHEDRAL. THE ALTARS. As no descriptions of either the windows or altars of the Cathedral, beyond the few particu lars given in the Freeman, have ever been pub lished, we give our readers this week some accu rate information which will, we think, be of gene ral interest. There are five altars, and all are of tho beautiful white stone found at Oamaru, in New Zealand. -Mr. W. W. Wardell, the archi tect of the Cathedral, furnished the designs, and the whole of the work was executed by Mr. Max- well, of Adelaide, who was selected on account of his great skill and experience in this branch of art. None of the minor altars are wholly completed, but the Altar of the Sacred Heart, only lacks some statuettes in the nicheo of the reredos. The High Altar with its elegantly de- signed rerodos is of course the chief object of attraction in the Cathedral. The height of the reredos, measured from the sanctuary floor, which is raised four feet, to tho top of the delicately carved central canopy, is 28 feet, and the length is 30 feet. The reredos is built up to the height of the pedestals for the statues, but with the exception of the central throne and canopy with a single niche at either side, the more ornamental and ar- tistic portions of the designs have not been pro ceeded with. Tho work completed shows the designs to be early decorative Gothic, and the carving is the best of the kind ever executed in the colonies. In the throne above the tabernacle there is a pedestal for the Sacred Host, supported by four seraphim. That por tion of the reredos below the rows of pedestals is covered with passion flowers exquisitely carved. The High Altar is complete, and as an inscription at the base of the altar table states, ' To the greater glory of God and in grateful memory of Archbishop Polding the Riley family gave this altar.' The table is supported on small pillars of Irish marble, and below the table are two sculptured panels, one representing the Lord's Supper after the famous fresco by Leonardo Da Vinci ; the other the Crucifixion, designed by the sculptor, Mr. Maxwell. The throne of the roredos is approached by stone stops at the rear of the altar, and it is eighteen feet above the present height of reredos, which is nine feet. The sanctuary is paved with mosaic work the most costly and artistic in the colonies, and the ornamental rails and gasaliers of brass, colonial made, are elegant in design and finish. In ap pearance the altar is a model of chaste beauty, there being no meretricious ornamentation. Over £1500, of which the Siley family subscribed £1000, was expended on the High Altar and reredos, and a large aum is still required to finish the work, including the statues. When the clerestory of the Cathedral is finished and the light is admitted from above, the front of the al tar will look a great deal better than it does at present, for now all the light from the great nor thern window falls almoot entirely on the back of the reredos. The altar of the Sacred Heart is in the chapel near the principal entrance to the Cathedral. The front is divided into three panels ; the carving in the centre one consisting of the Sacred Heart with crown surrounded with thorns. The whole breadth of the altar is spanned by a flat Gothic arch, beautifully moulded, carved, and crocketted, ter minating in a pedestal whioh is to receive the figure of tho central niche of the reredos. The inner ring of the arch is divided into five tre- foil cusps, with an angel carved on each. The flat surface at the back is enriched by diaper work. Above the arch there are five niches for statues, and although not quite finished, the altar has a remarkably handsome appearance. The total height is 20 feet, and the breadth 12 feet. Tho credence table is supported by columns of Irish marble, with bases and caps of Oamaru stone. We understand that the cost of the erection of this altar was defrayed by the members of the Sacred Heart Society and Apostleship of Prayer. Our Lady's Altar is at the rear of the High Altar, and immediately below tho great northern window, and it is the largest and richest of the minor altars. The front, divided into five niches, is richly carved %with pinnacles, crockets, etc., botween which are two scriptural subjects, the Nativity and the Pieta. That portion of the reredos up to the top of bases of pedestals, for statues is finished, and it is divided into nine niches, underneath which are four cleverly sculptured panels, tho subjects of which are exceedingly appropriate, viz., the Annunciation, tho Presentation, the Flight into Egypt, and Christ obedient to His Parents. The height of the altar from the floor is five feet, and the rerodos is ten feet, but when finished the extreme height to top of central niches will be eighteen feet. Seventeen feet is the total width including credence table. St. Joseph's altar, to the left of the Blessed Vir gin's, is ten feet high at present, and the total width is fourteen feet. When finished it will be fourteen feet high. The front of the altar-table is richly carved in the solid, and it is divided into ornamental niches with carved emblems of the illustrious saint, while immediately above the lower portion of the reredos there are seven quatrofoil panels filled with emblematic carvings. Above this is an elaborately carved cornice from which spring the niches of reredos which are to contain four statues and a large central panel with the death of St. Joseph in alto relievo. St. Peter's altar, to the light of the B. V. altar, is somewhat similar in design to St. Joseph's, with the exception of carvings consisting of mono- grams and appropriate devices. All thealtars aro beautifully furnished, the tabernacles and ornamonts having been specially imported. The font in the eastern aisle is also of Oamaru stone, which was presented by the Hiber- nian Society. Measuring from the base of the stone steps, it stands five feet six inches in height. It is octagon in plan, having moulded columns of Irish marble with foliated capitals. The eight panels into which tho upper portion of the font is divided are filled with carved emblems of the four Evangelists. Mr. Maxwell is now executing a full-size statue of St. Patrick, which will be placed in the eastern side of the Cathedral, and surrounded by a railing. Altogether the Altars now in the Cathe- dral cost something like £3000. it ia worth mentioning that the new handsome marble holy water fonts at the northern end of the Cathe- dral are the gift of John Hughes, K.S.G., of Elizabeth Bay. All the statuary now in the Cathedral has been pi'esented by tho Hon. Sir Patrick Jennings and Lady Jennings. Mr. Maxwell is at present in Adelaide, where he is at work on the statue of St. Patrick, which is to be presented to the Cathedral by the Hiber nian Society of Sydney. THE WINDOWS. During the week we have been enabled, mainly by the courtesy of Dr. Donovan, to obtain some interesting information respecting the Cathodral windows, and the names of the donors. Dr. Donovan, wo may mention, kindly undertook the control of all arrangements in con nection with the selection, ordering, and execu- tion of the windows, and the learned gentleman has gone to no end of trouble in order that the work may be done in a manner satisfactory to all concerned. When St. Mary's was opened, it contained only one stained window — that presen ted by J. S. Donovan, J.P. — all the other windows being temporarily filled with yellow tinted glass in small diamond-shaped panes. Since then three additional windows have arrived, and have been placed in the Cathedral, one presented by Mr. Henry Austin, J.P., one tho gift of fcho Catholic Young Women'o Society, and the window of St. Joseph, the second presented by Mr. J. Donovan, J.P., the two latter arriving quite recently. Several other windows were ordered some time ago, but for a reason which has been explained to us, there has been oome delay in their execution. In England, where sun-» light is a comparitive rarity, it is the custom to design the stained windows so as to admit as much light as possible, and Dr. Donovan in his instructions to Messrs. Hardman Brothers of Birmingham, the celebrated artists, recommended the use of deeper and stronger tints to suit the bright and powerful sunlight of this part of the world. When the first two windowo arrived it was found that they were too much after the English style, and Dr. Donovan wrote again, impressing upon the artists the necessity of adhering to his instructions. There was an appreciable improvement in the next windows that arrived, and Messrs. Hardman inti« mated that they would not proceed with the other windows ordered until Dr. Donovan's re- port, which had been forwarded, had been received. It was necessary that the windows should be adap ted to our climate, and the delay will after all be a benefit, for the work will be all the better. The subjects of the three light windows relate to the Fifteen Mysteries of the Rosary, and the windows in special positions are devoted to subjects men- tioned below. The complete order of the win- dows, commencing on the western side, near St. Joseph's Altar, with the names of donors is as follows : — Western side : 1. The Annun- ciation — presented by Mr. Jeremiah Doanovan, J.P. ; 2, Tho Visitation — Mr. J. Johnson; 3, Tho Nativity — the Catholic Cabmen of Sydney ; 4, The Presentation; 5, The Finding of our Lord in the Tempe— the A.H.C. Guild; 6, tho Agony in the Garden — the Catholic Printers ; 7, the Scourg ing at the Pillar. Southern end : 8, the crowning of our Saviour with thorns ; 9, Carry ing the Cross. Eastern side : 10, the Crucifixion; 11, the Resurrection — Dr. Donovan ; 12, the Ascension — Mr. John Keeshan ; 13, Descent of the Holy Ghost ; 14, Assumption of the Blessed Virgin — Mr. Henry Austin, J.P. The fifteenth mystery, the crowning of the Blessed Virgin, will form the subject of the magnificent northern window. The splendid circular window over the main entrance will contain the Prophets of the Old Law, and the circular window on the opposite side will be devoted to the twelve apostles. The largo six-light window below the circular one on the eastern side, which is one of the best positions in the church, will be for St. Patrick and the Irish Saints. The Irish window is second only in importance to the great northern one, and it is designed that the subject may be most effectively treated. The other windows allotted special places are the Sacred Heart, on the western side, presented by tho Catholic Young Women's Society, Sydney, and the window of St. Cecilia, whioh is to be in tho organ chamber. Tho two four-light windows in the northern end are known as St. Joseph's and St. Peter's, and the first mentioned window, the gift of Mr. J. Donovan, J.P., is now in its place. There are in the organ chamber two windows, a two and three light, but 'on ac- count of their somewhat obscured positions, it is not probable that stained windows will be ordered until all the others are selected. It will be seen that ten of thewindows have been ordered, and only four erected. Regarding the great northern window, the design of whioh has been prepared, we understand there is £500 in - hand subscribed for tho most part by the children of the Catholic schools of the arch- diocese, and that arrangemonts aro being made for its execution. A brass tablet bearing the name of each donor or donors will bo placed at the foot of each window. For the information of the members of the A. H. C. Guild throughout the colony, wo may state that tho position of the Guild stained window is on the western side near the altar of the Sacred Heart. Messrs. George Brown and T. J. Murray, two of the trustees of the Guild, who were commissioned to make the arrangements, selected during the present wook an excellent window, and the order has been sent to England. The cost of tho window will bo £200, and as the amount available for the purpose falls short by some twenty pounds of that sum, an appeal is to be made to the country branches to assist in making up the deficiency. The window will be the gift of the whole society, not of any particular branch, so that all Guildmen have an interest in it erec- tion. 