lBy Miawute J. BLovar. IasETTY ATTI- W?VTON had just finished that lovely, song " Dor.Erlkonig.!h:i The "Thankous"' and.! 0 how Lovelys" had been murmured in the tones of rapture usual on queh occasions, and linad been more or loss blushingly rcoeju', ;' hon somehow, by one of those ,tsrangO ttfns which no one can aecop?t.?cr, the corversation drifted to the .nbject of Imagination and the effect it hs on actions, and from that to Conscience.' There were a , 5hn of us in the room, a friend and m?ys' lip1;ing with Mr.' Weston, a few J' s J , *I .;",'on who had just i . -.u to Olp -, evening, and thl The discussion became gencral, and very ond had" some opinion to advance. As the subjects are necessarily vague, in about ten minutesa we had exhausted all weo did know about themn ; and then, as somebody says, we soared into tho freo and boundless realm of what we did not; bnow. ,"We argued high, .we argued low ; we also argued round about us," anidi ha every on .hnd!a:different theory on thoaquestion in-hanid, and the onea with the most'unreasondblh, idea were the most veihdmlerintin, expressing .them, we were wery far from arriving at a satisfactory conclusion: At last after many, arguments on all eides; ,Will Smith' was demonstrating forcibly to his own very e'ident, satisfaction that imagina tion is nothing"ini:the world but disordered digestion, and conscience synonymous with inactiveliver, and that a judicious course of exercise, vichy water,. abstinence from.:, tea and othdr eeciting beverages, would 'enable' a man to walk through a-graveyard at.mid. night without taking a cow for a ghost---the advantage of which is obvious-or enable him to run a man through, rob a bank, misma nagse railways: or break the whole decalogue without feeling any' of those uncomfortable prickings known as the pangs'of consceieice; ths0 advantages to! which, to tlhe world" at large, are not quite sd obvidous. ' Justithon old Mr: Linton, 'who had listened with : an attention very flattering' to thd 'speakers, drew :his chair forward' from' the corner ,wwhero' he had been sitting quletly all the evening, and said:-" I~am sorry than I cannot agree withiyou, Mr. Smith. I am an old man now;. Perhaps if I had been born in an "advanced ago" an advantage which you possess, Ii might have Iheld your views, but as it is I am old-fashioned enosugh to be lieve that conscience hans beeri 'divinely"im! planted in our breasts for our guidance, and that imagination is a distinctive faculty of iind' or brain-it is difficult to determine iliiclh-capable of greatly ennobling us if it is 'p'roperly regulated. .ut in the regulation of it', lies th'difliulty. The song Annie sang a little, while ago, and the recent conversation; call to any, remembrance a rather peculiar incident whic ihas some bearing on the subject that we have all been speaking about. I say it is,peculinarnot because there is any 'tling very strange gbout it, but because it is .uncommon. I think I heard of a similar case before, but this is. the only one that caome under my own observation." :The old gentleman paused, and. amid mur murs of "go on please," he continued:' "Eight years ago when, I was living At .Berunga. I was a magistrate there." 'My .surgery and dispensary were in the township,, but our dwelling-house, which had plenty of land ,attached, was on 'the Sadhurst' road, about 'two miles and a' half' from: Berunga. I generally returned'home about ix,' and, my son who was my partnbr, re. mained at the surgery. X had just come home one evening, and was dressing for dinner,' when the door-bell rang, and Jane, the house. maid, informed me that a gentleman wished to speak to me. ' " Some patient," I thought, " who will ex patiate on his symptoms, ad '~atc eaem.' I wish people would' not come at dinner-time. However, there is no help for it." Then aloud to the girl: " Tell your mistress not to wait dinner for me, and show the gentleman into the parlor.", In a few minutes'I en tered-the room .where I had told Jane to show the stranger.:" " I have not the pleasure-" I began, as he rose on my entrance. "My name is .'Henry Harper," said he quietly, then earnestly 'and impetuously " You are a magistrate ?/' I bowed and waited, feeling very uncom fortable, for Mr. Henry Harper was a strange. looking man of about five and thirty, very tall, very thin, deadly pale, with dark hair and unpleasantly piercing black eyes. " You must think it very strange, sir," he said, ' but I cannot-I will not offer any apologies. I did, not come-here of my own free will. I was impelled. to it, driven to it by that which 'haunts me night and day, vwaking, sleeping ;when I can sleep, every. where I go and in everything I do. i I hear it now. Oh, God, my punishment is more thni I can bear I" ' He nearly shrieked out thbd last words, and covering his face with his hands-" You, mrst hear the voice," said he, "it is louder than the roar of thunder." My face must 'have betrayed my very strong doubts as to his sanity, for he said quietly, almost sadly: "You think that I am mad. . I am not. I sometimes wish I were, then at intervals I should believe that the sounds which haunt me areounreal, but no, I am not mad, and I shall hear them till I die. I have come to you, as a magistrate, to make a confession, in the hopes of obtaining peace from Heaven, and enjoying a moment's respite from the horror that hangs over my life." Hero he spoko quite collectedly, nnd not at all like a madman. "You look' ill; let me feel.your pulse.' I am a doctor," said I.' oe did look ill, very ill. I felt his pulse.' 'It was perfectly regular' and normal, not at all feverish. His hand was very cold, but' not unnaturally so ; his eyes, too, though po Ipeculiar and piercing,; had nothing of that wild, shifty and uncertain' gaze of a madman; They were merely the eyes ol a porsone suffering great mental anxiety. In his whole bearing, however, there was a most extraordinary expression, one that I never-never saw before orsince, hnd which I cduld not defina fcr some time. Ashoturned his head while the hall clock, a veryloud one, struck seven, the attitude gave me a key to the expression, it vas that of listening, never ceasing listening,' is if every limb and muscle and nerve were enployed In it continually. The whole expressbn of face and body was a concentration of tie power of all-absorblig' listening. , But as far as myincdical experience could show, he was salo, nough. However, I heartily wished thathe would make haste with 'what Ihe had to 'sayand go. I felt I,could speal this parting guest with a great deal of pleasire. Altliough Ie,was aything but an imagina tive mann- ather natter-of.faot than other. wis?-I felt there. ys, as tho:e Scotch say, sometling " uncany"' about my visitor.; IlIe wcnton.,. ,, ., , : Itwas a.n evil dar that I ever left England. I as an only soen 'My father 'andI qcasr. 'relled'ib violently thlt I left home that' night, 'and England the nmat day. Thisc was ten years ago. My poe' :mother,. it broke her ]heart.. I killed her Pith my violence and evil temper. I stabbed hcr to the heart ad certaiinly as'thdough I had useC a,weapon. ' I landed in Melbmurne, and as:the;gold fever' wad still lingerlig about, I joined several others who were ruoingto the. Darunga !!rush." In thl courso'^o'afewoliontl? those with whom I had oiiiinaly'como to Berunga all left and.I settled ,dom with a young follow whlios acquaintance 'I formed there. IIe seemedl to be quite done. So "was I. And unutually attracted, vibbecame " mates." '?' IFiratk'Glynn was i handsome feollow, and' so,i?'iiablea.nd clove, I never.could under. ddrstanld why he remained hidden at Berunas. I supposo it 'was famly disagreements. lHe had a splendid voice; and, wlat. was rather straige in those days and in suenlch a place, it sad nearly always (iGmmns songs he sang Al;.Iloved him then ', . My visitor hlad t!taken a seat whlile shying this, and.spoke in such a contained, self. posseed 'way, and as there seemed to be iothing very startling in whet he was telling, I' settled down half expecting to hear rather a prosy story; but still the listening--the in tensely listening air, the earenst black eyes, and the ghastliness of the face seemed at variance with the calm voice, and made me feel nervous every time I looked at him. Suddenly he started up, and continued ex citedly this time: ' I must liastcn'. It is driving me on.' A'c, if Icould but close my ears and brain for one miomsnt I" "Ihear nothing,," said I; " the: nightls ,very.still,eand the house is quiet."; ::1. "No one.but. a cursed wretch like mo. can ,hoar 'it,"ho, said. ., ,, '! I hear italways, perhapsif you had taken anotler's life.you ,would hearasomething-liko it too, but pray Heaven you never may. Frank Glynn and; I were lucky, and going toleave Blerunga. .: " He had never liked it, and · had come to loathe ,tlhe place:; .,:, ,"-,r::,, VWe were going,to start very, early one morn ,ing walk to ;andhurat, and catch tlie, even ing coach. It was not .far; five and.ttwenty We epon ur;lt evening at Clarke's. Jami Clarke was the keoper of the little store. 'vHoe had a daughter so handsome, so made to bei loved;that I cannot think of her calinly now. ,:;Her father, had left England ,thinking, to make a fortune; quickly out here, and had .brought his daughter with-himi ^,: i:,, . .She was.well- ducated, and, could singetlke an.angel. . . " ,"., ' a it :,, ,"', ftFrank often went to their place in the ,evenings, and while she sang he accompanied' lier on the violin, or joined .her,inwhat eshe -was seining,7 ,"?dwent too sometimes,, but' ,not often. ;-It,oeaddoned.me.to'sen them` together., I even,hatedto hcar!them sing, lovely as their voices -were: PFrank Glynn, loved her, sordid I.ulIdid more; I worshipped her, reverenced her, I do so now, but I began by degrees to hato him. ', 1 ; . t .... 1, " . Strange, that. love of onneperson should make uslhate another. : '-- "'t , That,'last'evening they sang ; together; and ,I saw that-she cared for himnabove everyone! else:in, the world. .They sang on, saying it would be their last evening'for a long' time, butoLheard. Srankawhisper ."-wilLbe.-back again soon, and then- " .1 could not hear' the rest. But I haieH\hr;il6.1lhappy, and she: smiled so brightly at his words that for a mo-l ment I nearly hated her,i sThe last song they sang soas " DerIErlkonig,, the favorite with, both of them. They sang it as if their souls were in it.s ;iWe wished Mr.' and,Mrs, Clarke' .and:Nellie,' good bye,'; and told them they' need not expect to see us.again.before we left as we were goingvery.early in the imorning, before anyone else was stirringfi.' -; ,, --'i i."-Yoeuare going early,','said -Mrs. Clarke.: SYes, '" replied:, Frank,~ ' wo wish to 'get, wellt,on our journey before the heat of the day commences." . : * . ' '1 ... "iA verysgood, plan, 'said shoe;and then. we wished good.night, and- ".Good byes!' again..o. e- _, . .r;ouon I r m ", Good bye, Mrs. Clarke, you will hear from me soon, "rshouted Frank in a tone intended for the cars of Nellie,.who stood in the back ground.,.. ' ,. .. - r We walked on silently, our way was atraok Ithrough deserted claims. ; Our hut was, for the whole district has altered very little, near where your house now stands.,: ' ' '' It was rather adark night, the-moon was :in -her second quarter, but.the rskywas so overcast that her.light Was-scarcely vieble;.-, '-We'walked on slowly and: cautiously,- for there were abandoned shaftson.each side of nus, that we might very easily walk into, and silently because lhe was thinking of the girl he loved, and because I would not trust my self to speak. I loved her soand hated him because he did so too and she retuned it. The few words we did speak were not plea sant ones, for I determined to quarrel with him, and a man determined to pick a quarrel can always find some pretext ready. I At last as we neared our, hut, the rage arid jealousy burst forth, words ran' fast:and fu rious, I cursed him, then came n calm-the lull in a storm. -: - ? : He, as if unconsciously, began to hum the last ow bars -of "Der Erlkonig." ,?'Ohnun happy chance I the sound angered me;roused the worst passions in my nature, and recalled so vividly the sight of her face as she looked while singing that, looked with eyes full of love and admiration for him. '? I, think some demon must have possessed me, I am sure a man in his right mind- could not have done as I' did. I mist have been mad then, though I am not now. I doenot' know, what I said, but I struck.him I' struck him down I ' coward and madman that-I was,' and he fell: WeV had been standing, and the fact had been quite unnoticed by either ofeus, on the brink of an old and.very deep 'shaft; down whichlit -would be certain -death to fall.' He fell, ho'was stunned, and for one moment. the moon shone out to show me the white face and clenched hands. Hle fell: ''Some' earth that his fall had loosened, fell to' the bottom with a light sprinkling sound, then a stone or two, with a sharp, quick noise, then the dull heavy thud whichl sounded so dead that it :made my heart stop.! It, must have been ,a" deep shaft, as deep as the bottomless' pit,I think, for.years seeined to pass between' -the firstisound of the gravel, then the stones,' 'then ithe, body. All ,the'horrors of my posit; Lion, all the greatness of my crime came before' me- a hundred times, and each time more in tensely. than:before, in those intervals, till my brain. and heart. seemed filled witle burning blood. ' , : - ' As the echo died- away I fled 'from' the spot, fled with the brandof Cain on my brow,l and as if the " Avenger of blood" were at my heels.e; : '' -- "a. ' - . - At I fled I heard a solind, as first very faint; like the: echo -of, an, echo, -then louder till it swelled into a shout. W- ::' - . ' l r"' " Was it-madness ? , W'is I guiltlosse? 'Had I dreamt the sight of that ghastly Pce, 'and that awfuln falling sound ? Was he alive ? The tune.was- 't Dr Erlkonig," and the voice' Frank Glynn's, as I had heard it last;. For a moment I felt such delight, as a lost spirit suddenly restored to bliss must feel.' ' He lived then I. For one moment I felt this--the' next, I felt surely, and the agony of it was terrible, that that-was the-voice of no living man, and that I shouldhea it forever.that; it would'hadlit a ite inight and day, and sound myl knollindeath., .,.';;'; ; ' n I rushed on. I never kn0ow.how I reached Melbourne, but I did. I was ill. That tune and voice ever sounded in my ears. 1How I longed to die to escapli'fom it. SI had a little money .onmy person,- and some good Samarita,tookle caro of me; i Accidentally I sawean;advertisement in a newspaper entreating me to return homeo; as my motler was dying; and all' sahold be for give.on; I went; 'and bythe" tih, I'reaoched England my.mother was dbid;i .1' ,My father forgave me, wondered wh'at wasi the matter with me,pitied me; poor old man. Thought it was grief at my mother's death. Ah, could, he .have only known.' Could he have heard' that voice. What 'would' hate been his thought? .I often -vondered'at first, people never slid hear that sountd.' It was' so Ho diedin a year'or two, antl 'I' succeeded te the prosperity, but wlhat'good could that or anytlling else do me with ethat voime daily growng louder and 'loudler in my ears. It never ceabed. Hejr I would have prayed if a murderer had danied to pray that the voice waold cease bhut for one mombnt. I tried to do good. Gbnvo my money to the poor, built hosleitols' and schools, but of no avail. - " SThat voice drove me from sy liome. I sold off everything, and wandereod everylyhore whlere there sas dauger, wsishing to "ihe, longing to dib. 'I wouel have killed myself but for the awful thouglt that if I did, and so shortened my penance hero, that voice would be eternal. That tune always the same as when I last heard from the lips of a living man impelled me to Victoria, and.drove nm here, for on what is now your land is the. shaft wherqe, I deprived a fellow creature of life " and it is llghtI should givemy golf up to justice here." et idid naot know what to say, so I silently bowed my head. t : Jur". a . .it*I give myselfinupto Justice," saidihe. ,%Will you searoli for th 'body; Will you, an a magistrate, arrest me for murder, so that I may pay the penalty of. my "crimo;-which is what, that, voiced hasl bee haunting me for, ,which it had-driven me from the other cnd of the world for.": :.,He was shaking: withll- agitation, hisjlips wore livid; and he trembled as tIiugh lie would fall:,',',r i 1- - t " ," You make ahmost serious charge' against yourselflI saidI hL ,!,To-morrow I will have the-, shaf, youl mentionedl searched: and, of course, I must ,do ?myiduty, 'tiunpleasant though-it will be if the facts aire as you state. But I am deeply sorry for you.' "'."I thank .youlosaid" lie, "aid will you" do me a very great favor?l'?Do;you know " and hero hisvoice trembled-"anytliing'oL her --Nellie Clarke??'. -"Yes,' said I. ,i :' Just'when I' came ihiro two, years after lyou left apparently, she was married'and I heardat.the time somethig¢g abodt: a 'roman tie; lover, PFranki, Glydin;,wio, left; the place with a friend,- promisingtto come back, but who did not.,, Jilted, her the 'pople about ,said. .,Howevor;.people''came 'and 'iwnt in very' strange ways in thoss times, so nobody thought anything-ahout, It but Nolly Clarke ,perhaps, ,Poor thing, she has 'had her troubles. She has had very ill health.'.'I have visited her professionally,: She always, looks toe me like one mourning for the dead. I' think her marriage was her parents' doings. , .Her, husband is poor' enough. He broke lhis leg a month or two'i ago. ' 'There are several little ohildren; and they are all in great poverty; BePoor little 'womati I" . , My visitorlooked fearfully agitated for 'a moment, and then'said : , ,.;I Doctor,fI'give you' this cheque for her :(it,wastone for, two thousand pounds) give it to her after-well you know what-and here is another cheque which I beg you ; will cash and .distribute amongst the charitable 'inti. tutions and among any poor that need it."' 1' I shall.be very happy,',said I, " to do as you;,wish, bute as your crime 'was not inten tional, I trust you'will be able to. be almoner of your own bounty." ' ' ," And now, ',said he, "will you take my statement down and get it witnessed?" . .. There is no necessity," said I. " "I beg yon ,will, said he, " it sill ease my mind so." ; , . ,;!What could I do. The manner of the man was so strange, everything was so strange. So I took down his statement. He signed HenryiHarper in a trembling bhand. Then I:signed, and: called.in a man who` worked about the place to sign' as witness. . ~When that.was finished 'I was astonished to see the alteration inmmy visitor. He looked' calm,.even happy, if such a ghastly face could express happinss.: "., Thank Godi, said he,"' can breathe, the voice is silent.' ,I have 'confessed, and will pay.,the penalty. The spirit''is appeased. I can, breathe.' I can live. T feel, I know nows I shall' never hear that voice -gain till it brings' me the last summons I shall ever hear in this' world, when next I hear it must answer to it beyond the grave." SThe wonderful expression of his face chained me. I could not speak for a minute or. two, at last I said, " Will you stay with me to-night?'! " I will " he answered " and if the thanlks of a man like me are any good tike lthem for your kindness." ,I, . ,, , ,'i "'Will you come and have some dinner" said I..,; ' ,. "'Pray excuse me if I decline, I want no thing, thank you.". I showed him to a room, forced him to take some wine, he would take no food,.and left him. , , "! ,, I went and had my dinner, chattered with my wife about Henry Harper; and we both agreed that he.was to.bo pitied, and that his story was peculiar. . "Poor fellow," said mywife, he is greatly to be pitied, I think the voice he speaks of must be the effects of.a heated imagination acting on his conscience. "I cannot tell," said I, " the voice to him is very real." , In the morning I went myself to Mr. Harper's bedroom, 'I knocked loudly at his door, no answer, knocked again, called loudly, still no reply. I opened the door and walked in. He was sitting on a chair by the bedside in a listening attitude, with a smile on his face--quite dead.. He had been dead for some hours... The bed was untouched. Ho had evidently eat downtheevening before and had never risen., . ' Had: ho in the dead ,stillness of thei:night lieardthat voice which this:time brought his summons ? Had theo voice this time brought him news sof rest after such a troubled life ? and lhad he answered cheerfully to'that'signal of releaso with the smile that left its impresson his dead lips ?, Who can tell ? .,A search was made. The remains of a body iwere found in 'an old, shaft on my ground, a watch found there, when cleaned I had on it the initials F.G. SI found Nellie Clarke, gave her the money, and distributed the rest.' The old gentleman .ceased, the coinpany were silent'for,a moment, then said'Annie ".That was not imagination Mr. Linton, that voice was a real one to him." !,Yes 1" said Tom Smith and several others. T m: END. 