Although with tho professional evidence be- foro them the Coroner's jury who sat upon the body of Mr Temple, could not return any other verdict but "death by misadventure," wo fear the case is not calculated to increase one's faith in surgery. Tho medical practitioner has been finely compared by tho old Greek physician to a blind man striking at disease in tho dark. If ho liits the complaint it is killed, but if he misses, tho patient succumbs. And probably every candid disciple of Galen would admit the apologuo almost as truly describes the fight with the ills of humanity now as in tho days of the father of medicine. But whatever dc- "greo of doubt tlicre may be about the diagnosis of discaso and the administration of drugs, the practice of surgery in modern times lias almost attained to the certainty of science. For while experience too often tcaelies us that tho most eminent professor of the healing art may fail to interpret rightly symptoms, and forecaste results, we aro accustomed to place nearly im plicit faith in tho operations and opinions of the surgeon. It is with something oE the na ture of an unpleasant surprise — if not a shock — then that the non-professional public learn that a practitioner may fail .to discover almost im mediately that the arm of a patient has been dislocated as woll as fractured. And we think thore can be no question that this .was thofail- uro in the diagnosis of John Temple's injuries. Had the dislocation been detected in the first instance it should, according tu Dr. Atkinson, - have been reduced before tho fracture was se.t, and as it seems to - us for the very obvious reason that the strain on the limb in replacing it in tlio socket would have a tendency to sever the bone again. Dr Dutton could hardly, be expected to give a perfectly unbiassed opinion. What theory would lead one to predict actually occurred, for tho tension of the operation toro -asunder the parts tlmt had knit. It is but fair, however, to stato lliat Dr Atkinson admitted ho had novcr seen a case of fracture complicated with disloca tion, whilo Dr "M'G rath said ho had- heard of only two or three instances of the kind in the colony. Another noticeable feature in the caso was that two of the ribs wero broken without tho deceased or his medical attendants being aware of the truth, though this iujury appa rently had no influence on the result, and could not havo been discovered except by the post mortem examination. That a patient should be able to go about his ordinary business with a dislocated shoulder and fractured arm and ribs, and that the arm should have knit well under such unfavourable conditions, must, wo think, bo regarded as an indication of a sound consti tution. Dr M'Grath, nevertheless, deposed that had tho flesh of the dead mau been as firm as it should have been, there w.ould have, been no lesion under tho armpit, and that lie had some times used far greater power in 1'eduoing a dis location. And this evidence wa3 corroborated by Mr Ottoy, tho Hospital assistant. These aro mattors of fact which uono but professional men aro capable of deciding, but no one can feel astonished that the condition of thu patient changed for tho worse after tho operation, and that gangreno followed. Amputation was re-, sorted to as a forlorn hope rather than with any strong expectation of recovery, for the surgeon is bound to avail himself of tho slightest olianco of saving life. As, moreover, tho posl-mortcm, examination disclosed disease, not only of the head of the bono, but the socket also, it is pro bable tli at death would havo followed at somo time or other, if tho operation had not bcon attended with sucli unfortunate consequences. There can be no doubt, however, that this un happy affair has caused a very unpleasant foul ing among the public. The medical practitioner who is wise and conscious of nut having made an error will rather court than shun investigation of his acts, and had enquiry been invited earlier into this extra ordinary caso, which is almost without a parallel- in tho colony, it might have been bolter and allayed suspicion of malpractice. Some persons assume that tho strong professional esprit de corps which exists amongst medical men renclora them indulgent to each other's mis adventures, and that tho present caso may be no exception to tho rule. Whether the suspicion be well founded no layman cau possibly tell, though the long experience of Dr M'Grath as an hospital surgeon should specially qualify him to treat a class of injuries with which he must bo very fan liliar. It is well medical men should now anc'l then bo reminded that, while implicit confides ico is placed in their skill, and they are justly a'warded liberal fees for their sorvices, that they art j liable to be called to account. This having been done,' and tho jury returned a ver dict tha t no blamo is attributable to Dr M'Grath and Dr Dutton in their treatment of the late Mr Temple, they will bo held exonerated for tho fatal issmo that ensued through misadventure. "Scratch the, skin of the Russian and tho Tar tar app oars," said Napoleon, and we fear it must bo confessed that under a thin veneer of civilizafi ion there is much of tho savago in tho composr tion of tho average Anglo-Saxon and bis descend! Hits. How else shall wo explain the delight 'which thoy feel in sucli exhibitions of bnito cot arago and endurance 'As the "glove fight" bei iwoon Miller and Foley on Monday at the Sydrti sy Academy of Music. If the contest I ; ll : was shorn of tlio most revolting foatiires t of a regular prize fight, it vory closely resomblcd'one, and tho pleasuro whicli tho 'spectators cxprcssod in . tho set . to" botwoon perhaps tho most poworful man. in tho colonics and a much lightor and woalcer antagonist, was precisely akin to that which a rougher class oxporionce when two bull flogs aro endeavouring to tear out each other's throats. "Why tho polico allowed so uuoquftl and revolting a. struggle to occur, and oven sanctioned it by tlioir presence, passos tho comprehension of ordinary persons who know tlmt pugilistic encounters of tho Mnd nro illegal- Wo do not, of eourso, refer to incro displays of skill and sparring, but to tlioso in which ovcry attompt is maflo to disablo an opponent by a stunning knock-down, or boating, tho breath out of his body. Practiced as an athlotic sport, and without any desire to hurt an antagonist; boxing is quito ns legitimate, healthy aud invigorating an exorcise as football, and oven less likoly to injuro thoso who put on tho gloves for a friendly trial of dexterity. And thqro is . no moro need for an nmatcur to disfiguro his rival, or even to " draw blood" in order to provo his suporior dexterity than for a fencer to put out the eye of liis competitor instead of touching him lightly with, tlio button of liis foil to score a victory. Wo aro told that Inspector- General Fosbory had a largo body of constables distributed about tlio hall — a fact which testifies at once the real character of tho spectators, and that whatever ruinlit bo tho ostonsiblo nature of tho meeting botwoon tlio principals7 something more than an nmicablo contest was oxpectcd. The Inspcctor- Gouoral is said to havo examined tlio gloves be- foro they woro donned, and approved them! though wo venture to say that tlioy must havo been vory objectionable indeed before ho would havo oxcoptod to , them. Somehow all polico oflicors soom to sympathise with thoso affairs, though publicly bound to frown upon them ; and two or three prominent patrons of private cock- li"liling might perhaps still bo pointed out, who were obliged by their position to prosc- cuto others who iudulgod in a bar barous sport. . According to the long tele graphic accounts of tho fight, . though Foley looked in perfect health and condition, Miller weighed two stono nino pounds mote, and to tho initiated tlio result of the battle must bavo boon " as Lombard-street to a China orange." In the fourth round wo are told blood was flowing freely from Foley, while in the next round the hemorrhage increased. By this time Foley began to loso his temper, and tlio oxcitement of tho onlookers increased. Alter heavy inter changes of blows in tho fourteenth round Miller knocked his opponent on to his knees. Tho contest then became more severe, each striving to tho utmost to disable his antagonist, and the spectators working themselves up into a phrensy. Blows rained on tlio heads, chests and stomachs of the pugilists, till in tlio twenty-fifth round Foloy was knocked clean off his legs and narrowly escaped falling into the pit. From this time it was evident ho had not the ghost of a chauoo of winning the battle, and lie was so much distressed at tho end of tho thirty-seventh round that tho referee humanely advised tho discontinuance of the struggle, and the polico should havo interposed. t But thoy did not, and tlio fight went on, Foley being by this timo so exhausted that ho could hardly hold up his hand's. Once more he was. knocked down, and had to bo assisted into the centre of the ring. Miller now did as ho pleased with his opponent, and again knocked him under tho ropes. A dispute then arose about Foley's second assisting him on his legs to continue the combat, and the crowd rushed the ring. This brought the fight to a close, Foley, wo are told, being " terribly punished," while Miller escaped almost without a scratch, after a struggle that had lasted nearly three hours. The whole affair was a disgrace to the community in which it occurred, and espe- eiolly to tho police who openly countenanced it. If not a prize fight in tho ordinary sense of tho word, the contest was characterised by most of the revolting features of a battlo of the kind, and we hope the authorities will prohibit every future attempt of tho same nature to pander to the low and most savago instincts of the pox>ula- tion. ' ' . 