OUR STEW DEFENCES. The action of the Government .in deferring the details of their defence scheme, until the arrival of tho Imperial "seconded" oflicers from England, must be gratifying to all who wish to see a much vexed question definitely settled upon 11 sound foundation. Upon the resumption of the debate upon the defence vote on Thursday evening, the Premier stated, " It is the intention of the Government to bring in a short defonce bill of two or three cliuiscs, but it is not their intention to attach this scheme in all its details as u schedule to that measure. The Government decided on waiting until the arrival of the ollicors from England before asking the House to • commit itself to the details of the scheme." It was only for this that we have contended, and now that the Government have givon way in the iuattor they are to bo congratulated upon the magnanimity they have shown in withdraw ing the details, and consulting Ihe interests of the colony, when they had the voles at their back to pans their proposals. It, is, however, to bo rogreLted that the Premier did not previously make the above statement to the Mouse, and thus have conserved a largo amount of valuable time spout upon useless criticism. But although useless at present, the criticism to which the scheme has been subjected will materially assist the Government and Imperial ollicors in arranging details for a popular and ell'ectivo system of defcnco. It now only remains for Parliament to pass a short bill giving power to enlist a defence force upon a broad basis, the details of the scheme in the meantime being hold in aboyanco to bo worked out by the ollicors who will be re sponsible for its successful operation. A Sifi'i'r.EMKNT is published with this morn ing's issue. Caiii.kuu.vmh.—A rumor from 'Ireland llint Mr. Pm-iioll had boon assassinated has boon contradicted by a Inter telegram. The I'arnollite, meetings in tho County of Tyrone have passed olf without dis turbance, owing to tho presence of tho military. Tho situation ill Bulgaria appears to bo growing critical. Sinco tho initiation of Inoro liberal measures of Government s> largo number of Russians luvvo enteral tho country, and arms aro boing conveyod tliuro in considerable quantities. It is reported that China has declined to accede to tho French proposals for occupation of tho whole of tho Delta of the lted River; but this report has not boon otliciallycontinncd. Tho Kov. Mr. Shaw lias relatod to an Exeter Hall moot ing tho story of his sutforings in Madagascar, and tho indignities ho was subjected to at the hands of the French authorities. Tho press demands reparation. The Bank of England rate of discount lias been re duced. This Booht Show.—This show took placo yes terday, and proved very successful, attracting a largo liumbor of spoctators. A report will bo found in our supplement. Ol'HNINd Of T]|}^WyCHEIMIOOI' Ra 11.WAY.—I'll another column will bo found a full roport of tho opening of tho now lino of railway to Mount Wychoproof by Mr. Loviou, who reproseiitnd the Government. A largo number of visitors attended, including several members ot Parliament, and tho proceedings wore of a moat enthusiastic character. Naming tiik Streets.—While having occasion to visit other cities in the colonies, Cr. Joseph has noticed tho method by which the public aro put iu possession of tho names of tho streets. Mo stated at tho council meeting yesterday that tho names of tho streets woro placed 011 tho lamps at tho in tersections of the streets, tho top portion of tho lamp glass being frosted, and tho namo of tho streot lining painted in black letters oil it. Ho moved the thatsurvoyor furnish tho council with an ostimato of tho cost of painting tho names on the ]amps in tho manner describee!. By this arrange ment, tho namo of any streot would bo visible both by day and night. Cr. Jackson, in seconding tho motion, roniarkod that if tho lamps were not lighted aftor 12 o'clock at night the innovation would bo of littlo uso. Tho motion was carried. Tiik Thleimionf. Exchange and tiik Minks.— Soveral of tho loading mining companies aro now connected with tho Telephone Exchange, and tho benefit of tho connection is clearly apparent, much tiino and trouble being saved thereby. Tho Princess Dagmar will bo connectod in a day or two. As tho advantages derivablo aro bettor understood, thoro is little doubt but that tho directors of all tho loading minos will have their mines connocted. While upon this subject, we would suggest to tho Minister of Mines tho desirability of having tho rosidenco of the mining inspector, Mr. W. H. Grainger, connected with tho Exchange. Tho cost would bo trilling, while tho advantages which would result aro obvious. Trial of a "Tbkr Extractor."—A corres pondent writes :—An interesting trial of the now famous "tree oxtractor" took placo on Wednes day afternoon at tho farm of Mr. Thomas Craiko, of Axo Creole, ill tho proseneo of a largo number of farmers and residents of tho district. Tho apparatus used was manufactured by Mr. John Patterson, blacksmith of Williainson-stroot, Sand hurst, and although not varying materially from others ill its mechanism, it is made much stronger, and as proved by tho results is capable of bearing an onormous strain equal to bringing down tho largest trees, and also uprooting stumps. Aftor successfully uprooting sevoral medium sized trees, it was hooked on to a largo box tree, nearly three feet in diameter and eighty foot high. In fifteen minutes tho treo was torn completely out, the tap roots coming up from a depth of four feot. Tho final trial was with a sound box stump fivo feot in circinnfovence. Tho strain was enormous, thero boing 110 lovoragoas in the caso of a high treo, but after cutting one or two surface roots tho stump was torn completely out, much to tho amazement and dolight of tho onlookers. During all theso trials not tho slightest hitch or breakage occurred, which reflects groat credit 011 tho manufacturer. I may also mention tho ground was strong clay resting 011 rotten slato. After adjourning to the collar and partaking of vvino tho company dispersed highly satisfied with the results of the trial. No 1 Fire Brigaiie.—A special mooting of this brigade was hold at tho depot last evening; Cap tain Lanigan in tho chair. A letter was received containing tho programmo of tho demonstration to bo hold in Sydney 011 the 9th and 10th November, and asking tho brigado if tkoy intend to send repre sentatives. It was resolved that a team be selected to go into practicc at once. The captain stated that lie had recoivod tho money from the Govern ment for uniforms destroyed at the tiro at Govern mont buildings on the 2-!th July, 18S2. A letter of thanks was ordered to be sent to Dr. Quick for assisting tho brigado in obtaining tho money. Tho ball committeo reported that every preparation was being mado to make tho ball a success. Thero had been a groat demand for tickets. The mem bers for Sandhurst, the Mayor and city councillors, the captains of tho Ballarat City, Carlton Brewery, Beechworth, Maryborough, and all tho local brigades had been invited. Arraricrcmonts had been mado for decorating tho hall; they had over}' confidence that tho anniversary would be ono of tho most successful yet hold. Cr. A. Harkness, who has been laid up for the past month with bronchitis was present at the City Council meeting yesterday afternoon, his re appearance being mado tho occasion for congratu lation by the other councillors. Friendly Societies Dispensary.—'The monthly meeting of the board of management of the Ben digo United Friendly Societies'Dispensary and Medical Institute took place last eyening, when twonty delegatos from tho various societies were presont, Mr. J. Anderson boing in tho chair. Accounts amounting to £53 15s. for the dispensary and £55 Is. 7d. for tho medical instituto were passed for payment, several other accounts 011 behalf of the lattor boing referred to the executive committee to inquire and report thereon. The oxecutivo committee's reports for both institutions woro adopted, and tho question of procuring stamped bottles with the namo of the dispensary upon them was referred to that committee. A communication was received from tho Catholic Temperance Socioty, requesting to bo informed upon what terms they could join tho institutes. The consideration of tho matter was postponed till next meeting in order to procure further parti culars concerning number and ages of mombers. After some discussion, it was agreed that the Australian Natives' Association should be ad mitted to both institutions, should they desire it, at a nominal entrance fee. Tho desirability of admitting unmarried daughtors of members over the ago as prescribed in the rules to the benefits of tho institutions, was referred to the executive for report. A largo amount of routine business was transacted and the meeting closed. : Travelling Without a Ticket.—A man named Thomas Dcwyn was fined £2, with £7 7s costs, at tho Gisborne Police Court on Thursday, for travelling from Melbourne to Riddell's Creek with a Keilor Road ticket. It appears that Guard Egan saw him enter the train at Melbourne with a Keilor Road ticket, and as he did not got out at that station tho guard had a man in private olothes put in the carriage with him at Sunbury, and 011 arriving at Riddell's Creek Dowyn's name and address were taken, with the abovo result. The City Hay Market.—One of the greatest grievances of the farmers who briughay and straw to the Sandhurst market is tho inadequate accom modation at tho sheds in Market-square. On Wednesday and Saturday evenings farmers who cannot dispose of their hay during the day are compelled to vacate tho sheds, so that the market gardeners may occupy them. Yesterday about a dozen loads of hay and straw remained unsold, and the owners had to leave tho sheds, and store their produce outside the shed3, and in fact scattered over the spare ground between tho markets and the lockup. Mr. Win. O'Connor, on behalf of a large number of farmers, yesterday interviewed tho Mayor and a few of tho councillors on the matter, and explained their grievance. The Mayor promised that he would move at the next meeting of the council that tho surveyor be in structed to prepare estimates of tho cost of pro viding additional accommodation, say to shelter a dozen more waggons. Serious Accident at Wychepboof.—A serious, and at the same time singular accident, happened to a young man named Leslie, at the sports held in honor of tho opening of the Mount Wyeheproof railway yesterday. A young man named William Lawrence was engaged starting the competitors in the different events, and for that purpose he had a small pistol, which through some oversight was loaded with a bullet. LauTer.ce held the pistol behind his back when starting a race, and as he pulled the trigger the bullet entered Leslie's right foot. The ball passed right through the foot at the instep, and it was afterwards found in the bottom of the boot. Tn consequence of there beiii>» 110 medical man in Wyeheproof, Leslie, who was suffering great pain', was placed in the special train and brought to the Inglewood Hospital late last evening where the injury was attended to. The injured man had been employed as a navvy on tho now line, City Council.—An ordinary meeting "ml a special meeting woro hold yesterday afternoon Tho aihouut of business before the ordinary meet ing was not largo in consequence of an ordinaly meeting having been held last week, and the correspondence, reports, etc., being .an nccuimtln. tion of a week instead of tho usual fortnight. On,, of tho reports by tho city surveyor referred to ih„ fiict that tho roads from Mitchell-street, t,, i|,u railway station and the station reserve were never watered during tho .summer months. At his r.uggostiontho town cleric was instructed to writ,! to tho Minister of Railways, asking that thtj department should provide for the watering of the road and reserve, or arrange with tho council for it. Tho surveyor was also instructed to report „„ 1110^ Cost of extending tho street watering („ various parts of tho city. Vinkouowkhs'Association.—At tho fortnightly meeting of the Vinegrowcrs' Association hcld^vcs lerdiiy afternoon (writes our Melbourne eon-,.,,, poudent) a letter was received from Mr. I) j?" Martin, tho Secretary for Agriculture, iniimatinr tliat if the membern of the association wi.-hed for an interview with the Minister, a time would I n appointed for the purpose. Mr. Oraiko, the ,„v. rotary for tho Geolong Association, considered that tho association had been rather snubbed by tho refusal of the Minister to make trenching e\\. poriments on his land for the eradication of' dm phylloxera. There was some discussion upon t|m subject of tho border duties, but it was decided that it would bo premature to deal with tho sub ject until the TarilV Commission bad made their final report. A communication was received from tho Railway Department, intimating that empty wine casks would bo carried at about half tho rates previously charged. I'jUioituSllow.—Tho Ml more Agricultural Show takes pluco on Wednesday next, and, judging by tho largo munbor of entries received,promises to be a success. 5 Baptist Sabbath .School.—'Tho anniversary services of tho JUargrcaves Baptist Sunday school will bo hold to-morrow. Services will bo preached in the morning at 11 o'clock, in tho afternoon »t 3 o'clock, and evening at 7 o'clock; tho Rev. Im porter of Kitzl'oy ollieiating. Tho children wili sing special hymns at each service. As Dr. Porter is so well and favorably known here, anil as he intends very shortly to return to America, »lj should seize what will probably be tho last opportunity of hearing him preach in Victoria. On tho following Wednesday evening tho anniver sary tea will be held. Sanhui'Iist Tai.knt.—'Thoro is at present nu view, at the shop of Mr. Coope, Mitchell-street a drawing of tho lato Dr. Vaughan, Arch bishop of Sydney, from the pencil of Mr. \V. Kan-ant, of Mitcholl-streot. It is copied from a photograph taken bv Mr. N. White. As a work of art it is well worth inspection. Tho features of his lordship have a more life-like appearance than in tho photograph, which is on view with (lie picture, and is itself a very pood likeness of tlio deceased prelate. The ecclesiastical dress is very neatly portrayed, and is strictly correct. Tho picturo is beautifully mounted, and enclosed in a very lino gilt frame, the work of Mr. Coope. It is to bo disposed of by art union in connection with tho bazaar to be held in November by the sisters of tho Convont of Mercy. Mr. Warrant is a mem ber of the Covernment school of Design, London, Fokkmt-.stukkt Wkhi.kyan* ClIL'KUII. — Oil Wednesday evening tho Kov. R, Powell, assisted by tho_ young men's bands, will conduct an evangelistic service in tho above dliurch. Shohtiiand Plir/.K—'The competition for the silver cup, to bo presented to tho best shorthand scholar of the .Sandhurst 11 igh .School class, has resulted in tho honor being conferred upon Win. Watson 1 Lustler'a I [ill. It was decided by the greatest number of points obtained in speed, best, and most correctly written shorthand, quickest and most correctly transcribed. This class is under tho supervision of Mr. J. Waubop, of Kaglehawk, and it must bo gratifying to that gentleman to notice tho proficiency attained by some of his pupils in this valuable accomplishment. About ilO shorthand writors have received certificates of competency siCice thojormation of tho class, from Mr. J. Pitman, Loudon, the inventor of the •system. This Wkathkk yesterday was much warmer and tho strong wind which prevailed during the last few days had decreased considerably. 'I'lu re appears to bo a prospect of settled" weather; a steady breeze was blowing from the south east last night. Tho air was much milder yester day than lias been tho case for several day. Tho therniomoter registered at Messrs. Joseph and Co's., Pall A [all, as follows:—!) a.m., r.l>°; 12 11.111., 71°; !! p.m., (>!)'; I! p.m., oO"; nia.\i mum, 71"; minimum, If. Barometer—!) a.m., 2!)'G20; Up.ni., 2!)'(!50. Monahuan'sConukut.s.—Mr. Monaghan's popu lar concerts will commenco on Thursday evening next. The vocalists will be Miss Christina Smith and Mr. Frank Macoboy, who are both favorably known to tho Sandhurst public. An excellent programmo lias "been arranged, and we may mention that tho band has been numerically strengthened. liKxmoo Minkiis' Association*.— The pro gramme of prizes for tho liendigo Miners' Associa tion sports, to tako place in tile Agricultural Show Yards on the Hist October, appears elsewhere. The ontries for tho handicaps close on the 20th October at the Bcehivo Exchange. RmiULAnoN of Minks 13im..—A meeting of mine owners is called for Monday evening at the Viow Point Hotel, for tho purpose of considcrii g tho advisability ot appointing delegates to meet representatives from the mining managers, engine,, drivers, and Miners' Associations to discuss the provisions of tho proposed now .Regulation of Minos Statuto. A large attendance is requested, " YoUTII." — Oil Monday evening, Messrs. MacMahon and MacAllum, tho lessees of the Royal Piincess Theatre, will produce for tho first time in Sandhurst, tho military and spectacular drama " Youth," in which Mr. Ocorgo Rignold achieved such a success in Molbourno recently. Tho Iosseos arc going to a groat expense in placing the drama upon the boards in the same manner us in Melbourne, and for that purposo they have en gaged tho services of the local volunteer corps, ami a large body of auxilarics to appear on tho stage. Tho wliolo of the magnificent scenery from tl-e Theatre Royal, painted by Mr. Jtennings has arrived, and hands aro busily engaged crccting it. The subscription tickets for the dress circle are rapidly being disposed of, and " Yout.li," is likoly to liavo a successful week in Sandhurst. Mr Frank Cates takes tho leading character, whilst he will bo ably supported by Mr. Orattim Riggs, Misses Flora Anstead, Kinilio Heiberte, Mrs. Stammers, and others, well-known to Sand hurst theatro-goers. PK0KES80H Caul's Kntkutaismknt. — Last evening thcro was a good attendance at the Iron bark State school to witness the interesting ami amusing ontcrtainment by Professor Carl, tie deaf and dumb exhibitor. A fine collection of pantomimic views was shown to the delight of those present. The submarine views of the bott'-m of the sea, illustrating the perils of a diver's lile, proved very instructive. The professor introduced a mechanical exhibition in the shape of "The ghost of a lady that turns into a skeleton," after which the ontcrtainment was brought to a clo^e with comical views, causing hearty roars of laughter. Tho Rev. John Osborn, will deliver his popular lecture on New Zealand and the Maoris in the Oddfellows Hall, Kangaroo Flat, on Wednesday evening next. A meeting of tho Clark Testimonial Fund com mittee will bo held at Mr. J. If. M'Coll's olliee <>n Monday evening at seven o'clock*. The secretary requests that all subscription!! promised, hut not yet paid, be sont in by Monday. Mr. Keast has boon requested to speak up"ii his "Vision" at the Golden Cully Church t" morrow aftornoon, and at Calvin-street in tho evening. 