Mr. GEORGE HILL, aged 83 years, one of I the oldest natives of the colony, died on Thursday last. He was a brother of the Hon. Richard Hill, M.L.C., and brother-in- law of Sir Daniel Cooper, Bart. He was known to almost every citizen of the city, and, we may say, all through the colony there were some residents acquainted with "Old George Hill." Deceased was grand uncle to Mr. C. Howell, Cootamundra. Robbery at Bertiiong. — Oh Sunday night, 15th instant, some tliief or thieves found their way into Mr. Gibb's house, at Berthong, and took from Mrs. Gibb's bed room a casket containing three articles of jewollory, valued at £50. The strange part; of the affair is Mr. Gibb's family were nil in the house at the time. Everything was all right on Sunday evening, and the pro perty was missed early on Monday morning. Mr. Gibb suspects the thief to be some oue who knows the run of the place. Lambing . — Favourable reports from Berthong and the stations around Temom, showing that the high average given in our last is not in excess. The weather this sea son has had hardly any effect on the lamb*, tho only losses worth mentioning- being caused by the crows. Deceitful. Cake of Gold. — It is reported from Barmedman that Barnett's crushing has created a sensation owing to tho mysterious disappearence of the gold. The cako when leaving Barmedman was over 212oz. in weight, and the yield about 16dwt. to the ton, but when tho tests were applied in Sydney a dark mineral substance had permeated the gold, and the return was only 4dwt. per ton. All sorts of rumours are afloat. It is further stated that one of the Temora banks made an advance at the rate of £3 an ounce on this cake, and, after discovering its true value, stopped payment of the cheques. Actions at law are. threatened as a matter of course. The Southern Escort.— Last escort took the following freight : — Adelong, 795oz. lOdwt. 16gr. ; Tumbarumba, 371oz. 3dwt. 22gr. ; Gundagai, 3oz. 13dwt. 6gr. ; Temora, l,S72oz. ldwt. 8gr. ; Braidwood, 84oz. 5dwt. lOgr. ; Moriiya, 200oz. Total, 3,326oz. 14dwt. 14gr. v As to the gold from Temora the Star says : — The amount, as will bo observed, is very considerable, but lest wrong impressions be conveyed by it, it is as well to mention that the A.J.S. Bank last month withheld the gold held by it which of course goes to swell the total for this month. Taking the amount sent last month, l,061oz., and some gold from Barmedman forwarded by the Bank of N.S.W. in the meantime, we obtain a grand total of 2,999oz. for the two preceding months. The sum total of the gold forwarded by escort since the commencement of tho present year is S,705oz. 3dwt. 20gr., giving an average of 1 ,08Soz. 2dwt. 22gr. per escort. Gold-Mining Leases. — Notice is given thac the undermentioned gold-mining leases are now ready for delivery to tho lessees, and unless the lessees take delivery thereof within the time mentioned in notice issued by tlie^Warden, they will be declared void. Lessees who desire to appoint an attorney to execute and take delivery of their lease can obtain a form of power of attorney on application at the Warden's or any Mining Registrar's office, or at the Department. If it be so desired, leases can be forwarded for execution and delivery to the clerk of any warden's court within the district, or to the Department jm Sydney : — L. Lawler, portion 71, county Clarendon, parish Sevastopol, 4a 3r 37 p ; T. Matthews and others, portion 150, county Bland, parish Bundawarrah, 8a ; G. Evans and another, portion .152, county Bland, parish Bundawarrah, 5a. Selections at Bttrrowa last week John Balgowan, 50a, Hovell; M'Bean Bros., 50a, Bowning ; R. Balgowan, 40a, Numby ; James Balgowan, 40a, Numby. ' Selection at Young on Thursday last:— G. W. Yickers, 50a, Wilkie. v Selection at Grenfell last week James Cusack, 640a, Bland, Wargin, Upper Wyalong No. 3 Run. Selections at Wagga last week :— Frederick Willian Prior, 40a, Clarendon, Sebastopol, starting at the south- east corner of his 600a, c.p. running south^-west, and east, to starting point ; Thomas Ainsworth Lord 80a, Clarendon, South Junee, being measured portion 78, situated on south side of reserve 173, and adjoining his additional c.p. of 80a, and the side of such additional c.p. ; Cornelius Bourke, 40a, Clarendon, Sebastopol, commencing at the north-east corner of gold field reserve of 25th March, 1881, and bounded thence by a line east 20 chains, south 20 chains, and by lines west and north to the point of commencement on Houlahan's creek run. A Rattlesnake's Bite — The quick venom of the rattlesnake has not killed so many people as the more insidious but deadly poisons found in the air of foul rooms. The aeration of the blood by the lungs becomes impossible sometimes, and the fail ing health, growing weakness, and loss of appetite are harbingers of approaching death. For such cases Hop Bitters are the potent and all-powerful remedy to drive all fevers out of the system, purifying tho blood, and giving a new and happy lease of life. Read. Impounded at Wombat, on 17th July, by Mrs. Prest, from Wombat Light grej* draught horse, branded diamond over iie conjoined upsidedown near shoulder, like T over MO off shoulder, aged; dark grev or brown filly, Jii (writing j, over 2 upside down, near shoulder, 3 years. To be sold 9th August. Impounded at Birialong on 30th June, from Little Bobbara paddock, by order of A. B. Paterson, Esq. : — Ono yellow bay horse, a few white hairs in forehead, a little white on off hind foot, mka near shoulder, hJ oyer like J with dot and D off shoulder, a ew white hairs off sido of back, broken, ged, 15 hands. To be sold 26th July. Miss Georgina ' Smitjison, tho world renowned character actress, who has been highly eulogised by tho best of tho English, American, and Now Zealand Press, is to appear this (Tuesday) and on Wednesday evening ; and Cootamundra should show its gratitude to so distinguished a visitor. I A Neat Exposure.— Tho Australasian of tho 1 4 tli instant :i. thorough exposure !u ;i. t rick on tho. part of tho A-/c and Leader proprietory. Our readers will remember that tho proprietors o): tho Argus and Aus tralasian some time since dispatched Mr. T. lv. Dow as tlioiv agricultural reporter to America. Sinco then tho Lra-h-r people have announced tlint Mr. John L. Do\\*r was previously despatched hy t hem on a similar mission; and they have already published the first contribution from Mr. John L. Dow at S.m Francisco. By dates given in tho Australasian , it is shown to be impossible that such 'first contribution' could be received, and that the Atjc and Leader people are practising their old game of im position. A lleoivD Heresy. — The inquiry by the district meotiug into the charges of heresy preferred against ^tho Rev. J. Osborne, minister of York-street Wesley an Church, was concluded on Friday. After tho evidence had been completed, Mr. Osborno addressed tho meeting and withdrew. After long and careful consideration the following resolu tions were adopted That after hearing Mr. Osborno's frank declaration of his belief in the deity of the Lord Jesus Christ, in His atonement for sin by His death, in the deity of tho Holy Ghost, in tho plenary inspiration of tho Holy Scriptures, and in tho efficacy of prayer ; having heard also his declaration of sincere attachment to Methodist . .doctrine generally as embodied in our 'acknowledged standards, we cordially accept his statements as full and satisfactorv. At the same time we regret that his method of presenting these tfuths is at times so inexact as to produce the impression on the minds of some that he is erroneous in doctrine. 2. In referenco to the sermon delivered in tho York-street Church on Sunday evening, April 22, 1SS3, on Roman Catholicism, we are convinced that Mr. Osborne is sound in the doctrines of Protestantism as held by the Methodist Church. Yet from tho evidence we are satisfied that in the former part of his discourse ho was so unguarded in his statement as to appear to advance doctrines not in harmony with our standards. 3\. That the 25resirt°nt communicate tho foregoing resolutions to Mr. Osborne.' New Guinea Annexation Question. -rTho correspondence which has taken place /between tho Imperial Government and the Government of Queensland on the Pacific - annexation question has been published in the form of a blue book. In his last despatch the Earl of Derby remarks that, if the Australian colonies had any reason to apprehend that any foreign Power meditated aggression in the Pacific, they could have telegraphed to the Imperial Government some idea as to the quarter form which such aggression might be expected. The home Government were unaware of such intention on tho part of any foreign Power. The Government doubted the ability of Queens land to govern the millions of natives on the islands, who would be certain to v^esist subjugation, while tho temptation to import coloured labour from the islands that would arise added a special difficulty to the settlement of the question. The representa tions of tho other colonies were ^entitled to the weight}' consideration of the Govern ment, but he pointed out that the proposal for the acquisition of adjoining territory required the combined action of the colonies in the direction of federation, and as a means of defraying the cost of annexation. Meanwhile, however, the the ^powers of the Pacific Commissioners would/be extended Jm New Guinea. — Herald's cabfet'. /' Stock SALE.-^Messrfc, Harrison, JortesT and Devlin report Monads' : — 10,000 sheep yarded ; prices firm. Best gaeripos fram 14 J-+ \ to 1 5/5 ; no cross- hjlfas vfor^ardecl^wU cattle penned t sajg^very brisk, and prices ?fully 20/- pffProacl better. Serious Loss of Stud Sheep.— The Pastoral Times (Deniliquin) says a very serious loss of stud sheep, tho exact cause of which has not yet transpired, has occurred at the quarantine-station, Sydney. It ap pears that the sheep referred to were imported from America about a month sinco, and were of course immediately placed in quarantine after their arrival at Sydney. Tliev were especially selected by Mr. Alfred Hay, on bohalf of the proprietors of Booma noomana, and by Mr. Alexander Macfarlafid, for the proprietors of Tuppal. The cost was very considerable ; and ranged as high ?as 400 guineas a head for the rams, besides .it very great expense and time occupied in going to Yormont, wheref they wero pur chased; and the losses, therefore, not only a heavy pecuniary oue, but severe on account' of tho loss of the respective owners. No less than twelve of the stud rams-have died within the last week. No cause is advanced for the sudden deaths beyond an allusioD to the fact that they had just been dipped, and it is believed that the sheep . had been poisoned. The monetary loss is estimated at about £4,000. Those interested in the shipment are about proceeding to Sydney with a view of eliciting information at the quarantine station. Wells' 'Bough on. CJorns. '—Ask for Wells' 'Rough on Corns.' 7id. Quick relief, complete, permanent cure. Corns, warts, bunions. Moses Moss and Co., Sydney, General Agents. £lu0 Reward. — They euro all discuses of tho stomach, bov/uls, blood, livor nerves, and kidneys, and .£100 will bo paid for a case they will not euro or help, or for anything imp e or injurious found in them I — Hop Bitters. Test it. Read. 