AT FAULT. BY HAWLBY SMART. Author of 'Breezie Langton,' 'Broken Bonds,' Social Sinners,' 'The Great Ton tine,' &c.;, &c;, &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] Chapter XI.— 'A Dinner at the Hopbine.' liunoury was a pretty, old-iasnioncd little town, distant some thirty miles from Baum borough, with which it had direct communi cation by rail. Bunbury rather turned up his nose at Baumborougb, although double its size, as an essentially modern production, for Bunbnry had been the resort of the cream of society a hundred years ago, when Baumborougb, albeit in existence, was of very small account Bunbury laid in a hole. but -boasted a spa, a delightful old rworld promenade, fringed with trees and shops under shady arcades, and assembly rooms wtkh enjoyed a prestige of the past. In habitants of Bunbury who accosted yon told you of all sorts of royalties and celebrities who had disported themselves in minuet and country dance upon those boards, while the pump room had in its day enjoyed a celebrity only second to Batb. It was a delicious, dreamy old town for an overworked man to come t6 ; tbe quaint old red brick houses and that delightful drowsy old prdmeuade, with its benches, ivhereon to sit and listen to the eve j lasting German band, a good one be it understood, was just the perfection of utter indolence. The country all round, too, was cfcaimirg with its luxuriance of wood inter f-persed by occasional glorious patches of nioorland, and made Bunbury a place much in vogue with London men who wanted a few days rest, for it was no great distance from the metropolis, and the communication ea«y. Bunbury built in a hole, or perhaps I should say the foot of a bill, had gradually spread up the ascent, the sides of which were now studded with villas and hotels, and it is with one of these last we have now to do. The Hopbine hod been one of the very first hostelries built, as the townspeople would say, 'up hilL' It was an old-fashioned house, and though with a capital name and very good quiet country connection, was com pletely eclipsed by its more magnificent neighbors. Still, its habituo9 were wont to assext that there was a good deal more com fort to be got out of the unpretentious Hop bine than out of its more gorgeous competi tors, and that old Joe Martinson had better Btuff in bis cellars than any one else in Bon bury. The landlord was a bit of a character. He had a fairish sum of money laid by, at all events enough to make him.iudepeudeat, and though courteous «rer to his regular -Cu^toniejB,_or to any one he -reckoned a gentleman, he could be nlimtstaiBwMy ?*-- ward to those who did not eom? up to ?what he considered the Hopbine Btatt&rd;, for the old man was fussily convinced that the Hopbine was the leading inn in Bunbury, and that no real gentry ever went to those new fangled hotels. Joe Marlinson, who looked like a respectable old butler in appear anoe. and dressed ia a somewhat bygone fashion, still held to the venerable term inn, and alluded to 'those hotels' with undis goised contempt. The Hopbine paid its way doubtless, but worked as it was under Joe Marlinion's rule it was a house no man could get much of a living out of. Old Marlinson worked it more for pleasure than profit, and were you not a gentleman in his practised eyes, he would as soon be rid of you as not He didn't care so much about what a cus tomer spent as what he was— he was always saying the old house should never lose caste in his day. It had never entertained any but quality, and it never should while he lived. It always had been the innef the country gentle men round Bunbury, and he wasn't going to keep a house for riff- raff. One Saturday afternoon there arrived at the Hopbine a gentleman from London, who desired a bedroom and sitting-room from that day till Monday. Although he had engaged a sitting-room he elected to dine in the coffee-room. Having finished.his dinner, he desired the waiter to get him an evening paper, without thinking that this merely meant his seeing the first edition of the Globe, which he had read coming down in the train. When he became aware of his mis take, he exclaimed, ' Pooh, waiter, I have seen this. Get me something else. Haven't you a local paper ?' The waiter produced the Bunbury Chronicle, after which the stranger proceeded to meditate and sip his coffee. At last he once more called the waiter and said, 'I see there's a new theatre open at Baumborough on Monday ; I suppose I can get back if I go to it?' ' Ob, yes, sir ; train leaves Baumborough at 11.40, arrives at Bunbury 12.35— just suits, sir.' 'All right, then, lei 'em know at the bar ; I'll stay over Monday night And now where's the smoking-room V ? ? ' Beg pardon, sir, but we haven't a regular smoke-room. You can smoke here, sir, after nine o'clock, and it only wants hall an bous. Anything more, sir ?' ? 'No ; might prove a little too much for the establishment if I gave any more orders| just now. I'll stroll outside with my cigar.' The gentleman in No. 11 who, for want of a better designation, the Hopbine was com pelled to christen by the number of his room, led a quiet inoffensive life all Sunday and Monday. Ho read, wrote, and smoked a good deal in his sitting-room, but as he re ceived neither letters nor telegrams, and posted such letters as he wrote himself, the Hopbine remained in complete ignorance of No. ll's actual status in this world. Though Joe Marlinsos's mind misgave him No. 11 was not a genuine gentleman, still seeing that he neither gave himself airs nor the house trouble he thought he might pass in these democratic days. On ? the Monday No. 11 dined early, and went to attend tne Baum borough theatre. He returned that night and the next morning gave notice in the bar that he should remain another day, ordered dinner for two in his own sitting-room, and said he expected a gentleman to dine with him. who might probably want a bed. That afternoon the gentleman arrived, and a good deal to the astonishment of the house turned out to be Mr. Fossdyke, the well known town clerk and solicitor of Baumborough. Mr. Fossdyke asked for No. 11 as Mr. Fox borough, and for the first time Joe Marlin son and his myrmidons became aware of No. ll's name. She two gentlemen sat down to as good a dinner as the Hopbine could serve up, for No. ll had particularly remarked in ordering it that he would leave it chiefly to the cook, but let there be grouse, and let it be a good dinner. He bad, conferred with Mr. Martin son on the subject of wines, and not a little ruffled that worthy's bristles by receiving his almost confidential mention of some very old port with a deprecating smile, and observing— 'A grand wine, no doubt, the wine of a paet generation, who had time to nurse their gout when they got it— somewhat obsolete in these days of hurry and dyspepsia. No, my good friend, the driest champagne you have in the cellar for dinner, and a good, sound claret afterwards. That I think will do, and if you have any belief in your chanpagne don't over ice it, mind.' Old Marlinson was not a little U6ttled by this cool customer. The offering to produce that treasured old port at all was, he con sidered a piece of condescension on his part to a stranger, and that it should not have been gratefully appreciated ruffled the old man not a little. He had small opinion of men who neither drank old ale nor old port A very antiquated landlord, indeed, was mine hrst of tbe Hopbine. He pot out the required wines, and indignantly intended leaving their preparation and distribution to the head waiter, instead of bringiDg in the first bottle of port after dinner, as was his custom, but upon eceing that Mr. Fossdyke. was the guest he change his mind and resolved to hare an eye on tbirgs. Mr. Fossdj ke was a man of pesiiien and repute round tbe country Ade. Not county family exactly, though Mr. Foes dyke through his wife claimed connection with morej:han one of them, but a bustling energetic man much respected and looked up to. In short, old Joe Marlinson thought it by no means inconsistent with hia dignity to jubt^ay the compliment of pouring out a glass of wine to a man of Mr. Fossdyke's calibre. It struck the waiter and also the landlord, who contrived to be in the room when Mr. Fossdjke arrived, that there was no great amount of geniality in the greeting oE the two men, nor good though the dinner was did they seem to thaw under the influence of toothsome soup and side dish, or sparkling wine. Their talk seemed somewhat con strained, and not of the gay, bordering on boisterous, nature that is apt to characterise the meeting of two old chums in a tele-a46te dinner. Especially did it strike old Joe MarlitiEon that Mr. Fossdyke seemed out of spirits ; and though he gulped down bumpers of champagne his appetite seemed very in different. There was an irritability about him, too, which Marlinson, who knew him well, had never seen before. Dinner ended, the host with no little pomposity put a bottle of his best claret on the table, and then with drew. ' It was apparently approved, for another bottle and yet another followed, and it was on nearing the door with this last, in that stealthy way characteristic of waiters, that William, the official in question, caught Mr. Fossdyke's voice raised in anger, and as he entered the room heard the stranger reply in cold, rasping tones—' The game is in my hands, and those are my terms.' The words struck him as rather peculiar, but presuming it to be some business dispute he did not think very much of it The stance between the two men was Lute ; brandies and soda followed the claret, and though Mr. Foss dyke was not reputed a wine-bibber, he cer tainly was by no means abstemious this night. The Hopbine was an early house and Bud bury might certainly claim to be an early place. It was only here and there that the unhallowed click of the billiard balls could be beard even after eleven. Bunbury was Arcadian in its habits, blessed doubtless, with all the petty spites and malice we shall recog nise in that visionary hud when we get there. At a few minutes after eleven, William, tiie waiter, enquired if No. 11 would require anything more before the bar closed, and being answered in the negative, wished the gentlemen good-night, and was about to leave the room when the stranger called him back, said that he must leave by the 8.30 train for London next morning, requested that his bill might be ready, and himself called accord ingly — that is, a good hour before. William carried out these orders, gave due notice in the bar, and having done that betook himself to bed. Mr. Foxborough responded promptly to the chambermaid's appeal next morning. He was ready in good time, swallowed a cup of tea, bolted an egg, paid his bill, including the preceding night's dinner, and departed to the station in the hotel omnibus, an institution which, much against his grain, Joe Marlinson had found himself compelled to adopt Mr. Fossdj kc was late next morning, very late, but though Martinson knew the town clerk very well it was tbe fit st time he had ever stayed at the Hopbine, and conse quently they knew nothing of his habits. Upon tbe few occasions that John Fossdyke hud slept in Bunbury he had stayed at the bouce of a friend, but it was rarely when busi nets called him tben that he did not manage to get back to Baumborough at night Still, though he had given no order, the head chambermaid thought she might take it on her own responsibility to knock at bis door at ten, a late hour for Bunbury, but there was no reply, and that damsel -knowing from the depths of her experience that men some times were long sleeping. *ff their wine, aud having gathered from William that No. ll's little dinner had been prolific in the matter of drink, troubled her head no more until about twelve, when she again tapped at the door. That is the discomfort of these Femi civilised districts ; in our provincial hotels as in America they won't let you sleep. In London or Paris I don't suppose they would disturb you for two or three days ; they understand the cosmopolitan citizen ia those places, who is very uncertain in his getting up and lying down. However, again that cham bermaid met no response, and again she went away on the fidget No uneasiness bear in mind with regard t« the health of John Fosc dyke, hut she liked to see her rooms done by midday or thereabout and Mr. Fossdyke wai upsetting the whole of her rontine by his per aisf ent ulumbers. It is astonishing how ia terferingwiththeirroutineexasperatea people, and that men should ever invite one to breakfast is cause of enmity ia the minds of many; there are those remember who would always prefer attending a friend's funeral to his breakfast The one is a final solemnity, the other capable of ghastly repetition. Those breakfasts of Rogers' make one shiver to read about. A sarcasm with your French roll and your cutlet served up in an epigram at your own expense. But in the meantime we are forgetting John Fossdyke. Two o'clock came, and still the town clerk made no sign. That a man could slumber to that hour in the day was be side the Hopbine experience.' The chamber* maid knocked once more, and this time as a person having authority, who would no longer be denied: but still there was no re sponse nor sound to be heard from within the chamber. The woman got uneasy, and resolved to acquaint her master. Mr. Marlin son opened his eyes wide when he hard of the state of tilings. He in particular, of specially early habits, could understand no man taking such prolonged and unnatural rest. Mr. Fossdyke inight have had a fit ; the chamber* maid was instructed to batter the door once more, and, failing to get reply, to imme diately report the samato Mr. Martinson. The woman did as she was bid, but speedily returned to say that she could get no answer whatever from Mr. Fosadjke's chamber, and her face showed clearly that she feared some thing amiss. Old Marlinson himself thought the thing looked serious, and at once ascended the stairs, and after delivering himself of a storm of knocks, enough to have awakened the seven sleepers, without response, he turned the handle. ' It's no use, sir,' said the chambermaid ; ' it's locked. I tiisd it myself before I came toyou.' v But the lock was only such as is on. ordi nary bedroom doors ; there was no bolt, and at the instigation of his master the boots, with a vigorous kick or two, speedily burst it open. Tbe blinds were drawn close, and the glimmer of daylight that penetrated the apartment did not at first permit eyes blinded with the full flood of sunlight to see what was within the room ; but already a great awe fell upon them ; and the unbroken still ness told them they were in the presence of a terrible tragedy. Quickly old Martinson entered the room and drew up the blind from the nearest window, and then a scream from tha chambermaid broke the silence. Half ? dressed under tbe window at the other side of the room lay John Fossdyke, a smile almost on his face, but with a quaint, old fashioned dagger buried in his heart. A ? chair and the writing table which stood in the window were both upset, but otherwise there was no sign of a severe struggle, neither was there much blood. The weapon, the obvious cause of death.had been left in the wound, and prevented any great effusion of blood. The shirt front was a little stained, that was all. For a few seconds old Joe Marlinson stood stupefied. Murder is happily not customary in hotel?, and the present tragedy was quite outside the old man's experience. The boots, a practical man, was the first to recall him to a sense of the situation. '1 suppose, sir,' he said, after raising the dead man's head for a moment, and then becoming conscious of the inability of any one in this world to do aught for him, once ? more gently allowing it to rest upon the floor j — ' I had best fetch the police and send for a doctor.' 'Fetch the police! Yes,' repeated old Marlinson, rousing himself — 'yes, and a i doctor, and in the meantime close this room, and mind,' he said, turning to the chamber maid, ' nobody is to enter it Draw a table, or something, across the door, as the lock is troke,' and then the old gentleman went down to his snuggery and pondered what he should do next. The result of his cogitations was that evening Dr. Ingleby received a telegram — 'Something very serious happened to Mr. Fossdyke ; please come over by first train.— From Joseph Marlinson, Hopbine Hotel, Bunbury.' Chapter XIL— Sergeant Silas Usher. Chief - Inspector Thresher, head of the Bunbury police force, was a shrewd, ener getic officer, and no sooner was the intel ligence of the murder at the Hopbine con veyed to him than he at once started for that hostelry. When he arrived he found Doctor Duncome, a good old-fashioned leading phy sician of the town, already in the 'room, with Joe Mariison, the boots, William Gibbons, and Eliza Salter, the head chambermaid. Dr. Duncome's examination was short and conclusive; there could be no doubt but what Mr. Fossdyke was dead, and had been in the doctor's opinion dead for some hours. He withdrew the dagger gently from the breast, thereby occasioning some slight- addi- tional effusion of blood, and solemnly in formed . his auditors that, whi^h no one of them had ever doubted, was the cau?e of death, and then handed the weapon over to .tbe inspector. It was a queer little Extern dagger, such aa one might pick up easily in Cairo, Constantinople, Algiers, or for the matter of that even in London. The sort of weapon that tourists are rather given to pur chase, turning them into drawing-room toys, or paper knives. ' It has pierced the heart, so far as I can judge without the post mortem which will of course follow,andthatnaturally would cause death in a very few minutes,' con tinued tbe doctor, and there his part ia the business for the present ended : but it was of course far otherwise with the inspector. He naturally had to hear whatever in formation the inmates of the house had to give, aud was speedily iu possession of the story of Mr. Foxborough's arrival there on the Saturday, how he stayed on and went to the opening of the Baumborough Theatre on Monday, now the deceased gentleman arrived to dine with him on the Tuesday night, how high words had been heard to pass between them, and how early upon Wednes day morning Mr. Foxborough settled his bill and departed. Sir. Mariison, the boots, and the chambermaid were unanimous in their opinion that No. 11 was the probable perpe trator of tbe crime, and as Inspector Thresher continued to sift all the evidence he could collect, he was fain to admit it was difficult to point with suspicion to any one else. A further examination of tbe dead, man's chamber showed his watch and purse untouched on the dressing-table, nor did it seera likely that any property had been taken from his room, blunder, then, clearly was not the motive of the murder. On the other hand, he had come over on pur pose to meet this Mr. Foxborough. That there had been little cordiality between them was borne witness to by both the landlord and waiter ; in fact, in the opinion of both of those the manner of the two men towards each other had been markedly constrained and very different from what misrht have been expected under the circumstances. Further, there were the high words which the waiter had heard, aud the rather re markable expression which Mr. Foxborough had made use of—' The game is in my hands, and those are my terms.' And yet these words hardly justified the conclusion that their utterer would rise in the dead of the night and slay his guest Another thing, too, that' seemed to indicate John Foss dyke had been foully murdered was that the key of the room was gone. If it was a case of suicide the key would have been pro bably in the lock, but at all events would have been found within the room. The doctor had said that as far as he could judge from the rapid examination of the body be bad made it was possible that Mr. Fossdyke was self-murdered, though he did not for one moment believe such to be the case. Further questioning of the boots elicited the fact that Mr. Foxborough had taken a ticket for Lon don. He, William Gibbons, the boots, had gone down with the omnibus to the station, as he constantly did, seen Mr. Foxborough into the train, and put his portmanteau into the carriage with him, it was a small port manteau such as gentlemen put up their things in for a few days visit. It was the through morning train to town, patronised chiefly by the business men living at Bun bury snd stopped nowhere between that place and London. Having further ascertained that Mr. Mar iison had telegraphed to Dr. Ingleby at Baumborough, Inspector Thresher, after a little reflection, thought that the best thing he could do was to communicate iu the same way with Scotland Yard, as the apprehension of Mr. Foxborough must undoubtedly de volve upon tbe London police. By this time, as may be supposed, the news of the murder had spread through all Buubury and created a profound sensation, for the town clerk was known to most of the leading citizens more or less, and there is something thrilling when one we have known comes to a tragical end ing in our midst People congregated ia knots on the promenade and discussed tbe details of the murder as far as they had yet tra&iiired; in subdued voices, and those who could recall having seen, the injsterioui stranger were in great request and eagerly questioned. As for William Gibbons he was quite overwhelmed with pints of ale and his own popularity. Asa rule Buobury was not wont to exhibit much solicitude about the j thirst of William, but at present they seemed j in a conspiracy to quench it if practicable, and it may be here remarked that William when it came to sound ale would hive bothered a garden engine on that score. Joe Mariison had turned remarkably sOky over the whole affair, refused *o talk n'jour. it, j and was evidently in high dudgeon that any body should have bad the presumption ro commit such a terrible ciitno ia &a; oi-l veil established county bou-e like the H iphiae. Regret for poor John Foasdyke see.oed to he submerged in the old man by the indi^a»uo;i occasioned by the tragedy having occurred, at the Hopbine. Listening to bin angry muttering one could almost believe that tbe-e were inns kept expressly ia which to mike away with one's fellow creatures, and once again wms reminded that from tin* iunen orial the absurdly, jrrotetque ia running close . alongside the eaddc«t catattropaw-. Toe evening brought two neu to Bon'mry, who . . ,? * .; ?rVr'*iT'r~-/*VT*-i'Wri ^''^ \- * .--? ? '&.- lir-l— l-i;. I Iwrrvl I arrived thert from opposite directions. Thai $ first was Dr. Jng«bv, who had heard V the whole story* Pf the murder of,- his old friend while waiting for the train upon Baumborough platform from Phil ^. fioames, who in his turn had learnt it from the guard who had come by the pneviotv train from Bunbury, and who had charge of a- re triever for that gentleman; the meetiagof : which animal indeed was the cause of Phil'a presence at the station. ' I haven't time to think much about it,* exclaimed Dr. Ingleby. 'I must go onto the Hopbine, though I shall come back by the next train. From what you tell me my pre sence there is useless, and I shall be more wanted at Dyke. But, Phil, you must do something for me. Mrs. Fossdyke must not be left to learn these awful tidings by chance; and now tbe news is once in Baumborough no one can say when it will- reach her. You must go out to Dyke and break it No plea* sant task I'm setting you, my boy, but I've known you from a child and I know you're true grit I think perhaps if you broke ft first to Miss Hyde it wouldiw best She's a ; steady, sensible girl that, and I have an idea would come out in an emergency like this. Good-bye, and use your own discretion as to how, but mind it must be told, Here's the train.' ?' Good bye, 'and trust me to do my best, doctor,' rejoined Phil ; 'though God knows it's a terrible task you've set me.' Arrived at Bunbury, Dr. Ingleby drove straight to the Hopbine, where he was cor dially received by old Mariison. ' Course I knew you'd come, doctor, and I dare say heard the awful news before you got here. It's dreadful to think of poor' Lawyer Fossdyke being murdered at all, but that the infernal scoundrel should hare the audacity to lure him to the Hopbine, of all places in the world, beats me. Ordered the best of everything in the house, too, and turned up his nose at my old port I ought to have known he was no fit company for the ' Hopbine by that' ' Never mind that just now, Mariison. I . - want to take a hut look at my old friend, ' . and then I must hurry back to Baumborough. Remember that those near and dear to him have to hear [all about this, and it will be a dreadful blow to them. Poor Mr j. Fossdyke was wonderfully attached to her husband, and will feel it bitterly.' ' Come this way, sir. £ allow no one into the room, according with Mr. Thresher's orders. . He lays a good deal of. stress on the London men whom he -expects down seeing1 ' it exactly as he found it,' and taking a candle Mariison led the way. The room was just as it had been when first burst into, with the exception that the dead . man had been lifted from the floor, laM reverently upon the bed, and covered with a sheet Dr. Ingleby drew back the cloth front over the face, and gazed sadly upon the features of hia unfortunate friend, placed his fingers mechanically on the heart, and theat peered down upon the small dear cut through which a man's life had welled. ' He knew John Fossdyke was dead ; it was evident to bis practised eye that stab had killed him. What motive could John Fossdyke'a murderer have bad?' ' From what I'm told, you knew Mr. Foss- ' dyke well, and can perhaps, therefore, clear up at once the first important fact in the case. Dr. Insleby,' said a voice at his elbow, whim made him start, and then 'he became aware of two other figures in the room, and turned sharply to survey them. One he at onoe re cognised as Inspector Thresher, chief of the Bunbury police force —the other, and it was ha that had spoken,;wasa little wiry, grizzle-haired man, clean shaved, and dressed in most ordinary fashion, with a pairof restless bright hazel e;es that seemed wandering ia all directions. 'I'm Silas Usher, Criminal Invertigatioa Department, Scotland Yard,' continued the little grey man, 'andl'minchargeofthismor- der. Ihsve heard theroughparticulara from my friend, Inspector Thresher, aud must be back in town by tbe night train. I'm always opes. about what I'm driving at ; odd that, you'll say. - for a man of my profession, but I find nothing pays better. I tell people I want to know the way to Bamsgate say, having told them who I am. Well, this is the result; those who are straight give me all the information they can; those who are not, imagine at onoe 3L want to go to Margate, and are therefore prof use also in their information with regard to the road to Bamsgate.' It ia supei fluous to observe that Sergeant SHas Usher by no means conducted his enquiriea with thia primitive simplicity. He was indeed, one of the most astute officers in the force, having strongly pronounced that first great faculty of the detective policemen, rapid in ductive reasoning. ' And what, Mr, Usher, is the question you -wish to ask me ':' enquired Dr, Ingleby. ' This. sir. I want you to see the dagger with which Mr. Fosakyke was slain, and teU me -whether vou recognise it as his,'. ' You see sometimes,' added Mr. Usher, 'when we are called ia thia way, the first tiling to ascertain is whether there has been* XBurdur committed at all. Lota of times wheat people are missing their friends rush to - . the conclusion they are murdered, and it very soon turns out they are all alive, though sot doing exactly what they ought .Ia a case like this my experience tells me the first cry will be murder naturally; but there is a great probability of it's being suicide. Still wbat looks like clearing that question up is the weapon that caused death. I have seeu it down at Thresher's place, and it is peculiar. I don't mean to say there never was another like it, but they would be decidedly rarely met with. Some of Mr. Fossdyke'd relatives and friends must know if he owned such a dagger. ' If be did it may be fairly presumed a case of suicide ; if on the other hand, no one ever saw such a weapon in his possession, it ia fair to argue the other way and presume it is murder, and the pecularity of tbe weapon is a strong clue to the ultimate finding of the .' murderer. ' Well, I've not seen it yet,;t rejoined Dr. Inglewood. 'I know, sir,' interrupted Mr. Usher, 'biit you will just look in at Thresher's place on the way to the train. Can't delay yen two mientes; mere question whether you recognise that dagger as tbe property of the deceased or fioi\ Of course, your answer in the negative would not be final, but if some of bis ' friends recognise it I should very much doubt there being any murder at all about the business.'' Once more did Dr. Ingleby turn and look sorrowfully at the features of his energetio and somewhat combative friend, whose determination and fluent tongue would never trouble men more ; then gently drawing the sheet over tbe face, he announced himself in readiness to accompany Sergeant Usher to the police office. Upon being shown Hie dagger he at once said that he had never seen it before. He had been very intimate with the deceased, and had been a constant visitor to his house, but he had never set eyes ' upon the weapon in question. He was quite sura ifke had ever seen it he couldn't hare for gotten it ' This Mr. Foxborougb. may I ask if yew ever saw or heard of him ?' . ' I not only never saw him, but have no recollection of ever hearing such a name in. my life,' replied Dr. Ingleby, ' but it is fair to tell you that Mr. Fossdyke had bnsiness connections with many people of whom neither his -family nor friends knew anything. He was a man reticent in business matters, sb men of bis profession are bound to be. Nobody employs a gabblingsolicitor.' 'Thank you, sir ; that's all I want to know at present Our people, v horn I have informed by telegraph, will, what we call, reckon up all the Foxborcughs in- London in the next forty-eight hours. I am taking up a tolerably accurate verbal picture of the one who was here, but the key to the whole tiling - I fancy is not to be found in Bunbary.' ' Not to be found here,' ejaculated Inspec tor Thresher, ' why, you have got witaesaess to identity and all the rest in the town. You've only got to tind the man.' ' That's just it, my good friend, and Che clue to his whereabouts don't seem to be ia. Bunbury.' Dr. Ingleby looked hard at the speaker as he said quietly — 'I should have thought you would have ' ' traced him from this place most readily V ' Perhaps you are right.' replied Sergeant , Usher, 'but I'm a pig-headed sort of mu who can only reckon up matters nty own way. . But it's time I was off to the station, and yoa\ also, sir.'-' Tbe two accordingly made their way to tbe ' railway, and after the two julicemen had seen Dr. Ingleby off to Baumbvrough, Inspector Threthtr bade farewell to his professional brother as the up train for London ran into the station. 'You'll be down again for the inquest, : of course ?' remarked Thresher, as he shook hands. ? ' Yes, but I tell you candidly I don't think ^ we skaU make much out of that ; but there** no saying. Goodbye.' '? ? Chaitkk XIII.— Mr. Tottjssdkll'.s Excitement. . It was with a heavy heart that Phil Soames made the best of his way to Dyke ia accord* ance with his promise to Dr. Ingleby. He was sincerely sorry for John Fossdyke, whom be had known before he, Phil, emerged from his teens, and had alwsy 3 liked. There had been something attractive to a young fellow in the town clerk's, restless energy and go ; in the seen way in which he thre* himself iato the promotion of all amusement for B«um bcrougb. Hi- hud been the heart and sjuI «t one tnxe of that very cricket cluh of which. Phil Soames Mas now the captain ; not that. ^ Mr. Kowdjkebad ever played, *-ut lie had T brru » first-rate secretary, arranged in*tehe«» , &c;, au«l ie»ly made (he club; to»d put tho«* . , ou a ivund tinA»ci*i fcotin*, *nd r*t»ed their / ?} criikciittgbiittuftnity |-er:c8ut. iattooaa^y ?? ^T' Tbrti again *bb wa«r» jbrrtible »to» tojba-av£' j to till. A wife, and IPhiJ, Sfrun-^sfcl* IcoSwT^ ^BnUffi&m;&toA; OB*bfi» awkward wo*, ?HHBpgniwa at Dyke. It was a litUe ?B&Hiil;^ma jost aboot the time the ^?SHraiippsn t&edoor; opened Ae said at ??^PaaiMemnt,«iio opened it, 'I. ?HGp^i&itaay; and wait there. TeU Mis. IBlaHBai^iWaJtgpe. iffou eaa«ee*er,alone, bat ^HHHiitH&tin;'&oai; Baumborough wants to sea i^^Ba^WO can%. _^ot a word to anyone elae. BM^gjBpggggf8* of Had mews, which yoga au KKffi^kglfBt Jewing the drawing-room to dress. ^Olft^Kl^apd; Un. Fossdyfce, supposing that BBgilljigSff^ftom Baumboroagh was a trades 3HgiPpr&-1n|lg' -ort, went upstairs to her K^^*39rf5U^' «oclalmed Mus Hyde, as she KBlms&rati;&ajwma; out of hearing, so astounded HlllriMiffiStt&e; appearance ©HMt. Soames in i^ :.- 'wStdoesthis mean!' ^^^^g^pl««e,''herS?lied, rfterhe had llllllHafcStutndB. 'Yes, in thatrJng chair will - P§BafaMfei&V-I3MBe; come over to break some ter |filil|p)bK£3fiBfptO;;om Mr. Fossdyke has met ^^^^l^Sa'Tery severe accident.' |^^^7*Qn4fce. railway tasked .the girl, leaning HKpiifcnraitMM Jthe color -died oat of her cheeks. llillpMt-fa it dangerous ?' ?Blr*3tot Bessie; I am very much afraid BlliigUaV' he replied gently. 'Of course there ^^^Spe JwStetfcere ifl life,' and then he jglg^Stopped -Ai» eyes, unahle longfcr to con llli^Mmfc thejeager, frightened gaze that met his wBm*Mi. ;^33w»- is -no hope, Philip— none. I cut i^%|ne»ff it in toot face— he is dead, or dying. 1|£ :Which r-teU me which, in pity's nave.' ?EKs££'?!*??J-e*9/- he rejoined, in a low voice. IllISiiJ£**It is very terrible,' Bhe murmured ; what WMSsSfBi-^Zbaa'-'pum wife do! She loved him, ^fe^BWlip, indeed the did* though they might mSMtgMt *em tolgnite iiitlt off at time?. And, m^^^k^how fipbd they have both been to me.* ^^^%Knd BeaSe bowed her head, and sobbed K^^Soames let the girl's tears have fall play ; flilgiwfelt that hia task was but as yet only half ^Mj^aocomplwhed, and felt dreadfully nervous Ip^libont the telling how John Fossdyke really ^-v«iDe to hispid? - - Jffigg 'I amJietier now,' shesaidat length ; ?? tell S^W;»» where Sfchappened, and how? Of course, g§&. -IinustbreakthiB to Mrs. Fossdyke, and she ^^ J: jjwill nataraHy desire to know all particulars.' Wp^'i- 'Canyoube very brave, Bessie ? Can you. §£Sfi linear to hear that rthere is something pecn p^^ :liarly sad .about Mr. Fossdyke's death? It p?-j-^ was no igulway accident.' ^fc;;r^; 3^gniX's eyes dilated as she stared in ex 8|f^ : j»ectant J^wifderment at Soames. ^&5-*; J;vKeweyonrself,' he continued ; ' remeaa &,# ? l''' kfii' m must look in tod to sunnnrt and cam £|£c*iw* Mrs.tFossdyke under her trial.' ;|& 4., : *' I understand,' she said, faintly ; ' go on, *%~£\ -'. 'JUr., Fossdye has been murdered,' re £* joined Soames, in slow measured tones; '&£. 'stabbed to the heart in his bed at Bun anbury.' fe-v:r- ' r. Bessie threw up her hands before her fare *?.?.-,'? »s if blinded. jjv! '- . 'Murdered!' she said, in a low voice. ^?-^'CkMJdjheavensjhaye they any suspicions as '??-;-{ to who is the assassin and what his motive ?' ?.;-,?..-????? 'His motive? No! but there is strong 'i ' -presumption that a Mr. Foxborough, who fe invited him ? » ^. . 'Oh,my-Jod !' exclaimed the girl, as she ^T fellbackjn her chair, blanched and all but ;;?' ? aeneelesB. She looked so like swooning that tX Phil was about to ring :for assistance when a '}- -? xapid gestore of her hand stayed him. ;t ;. ? 'It only wanted this,' she murmured, and ;V v then die apparently became unconscious. %.??;'? ? For' a second or 'two Soames once more ' - r- fingered the bell, then glancing round the v V room he rushed at a vase of flowers ; quick as '? /? thought the 'blossoms lay scattered on the 'V . ? -carpet, and half of the water in which they ': lad stood was dashed into the fainting girl's ';;-: jace; then soaking his handkerchief in the ~. . lemainder he proceeded to daub her temples : Rafter the only conventional fashion under ' , - stood by male creatures. With a quick gasp ;v . -«r two she came round in a few minutes. ['-' . » 'Keep quiet and don't try to talk yet,' v jsaid PhD, authoritatively. 'Shall X ring, or -. - ; would you rather I did not?' -?: AsUght but emphatic 'shake of the head ':, . - . answered the question. '-?'. That the news of John Fossdyke'e murder V ' should upset Miss Hyde was only natural. ;-'? : 'She was a plucky girl, and had fought bravely ;.; against the shock to her nerves no doubt; : -- ? but what puzzled Phil Soames was her ejacu ', lation just before she swooned — 'It only -. wanted this!' What could she mean? It ' must be remembered that the mystery which : - she declared rendered her marriage with him impossible was ever in the young man's mind. \- Did her exclamation in any way relate to 1 -that? He was still pondering on this when Bessie, having in some manner recovered herself, eaid, ' Of course I must tell Mrs. s ' Fossdyke : and now, Phillip. I think you had Itetter go. It will be a terrible night for us both; and when you get back to Baum- - ^ borough tell Dr. Ingleby to look in about ton ? «r so, if he can.' ' Certainly I will, but he has gone over to ; x , ^Bonbury, and can scarcely be back so soon as that. X shall meet him at the station, and feel sure he means coming out before he goes \- - to bed, It was he who sent me here to break \--. it.' ;:v *'Jtte's always so thoughtful,' replied Bessie, and as she spoke the door opened, \- . and in came Mrs. Fossdyke. /...- **Well, upon my word!' she exclaimed, ;; laughin& 'How do you do, Mr. Soames? :~ .and so, Bessie, this is the person from Baum ; borough; really, Philip, I could never have believed in jour entering into my house ? under such remarkably false colors. What ' aun I to think ; explain, young people, ex .. ? plain. Am I to ask him to dinner, Bessie, ' . or not?' : . It was so evident to the pair that, far from ,-:'. baving the slightest inklingof the truth, Mrs. '; Fosskyke merely suspected them of having ?-- come to that understanding which she had set her heart upon, that they both looked so distressed the good lady could not but ? :'?-' notice it, 'What is the matter with you both? Have ::,':?. yon been quarrelling? What is it? You ??',.- both look as if you'd conic to infinite grief.' ? To hear the poor woman thus jesting at what was in store for her was more than , Phil Soames could bear. ' No dinner to \- -night, thanks, Mrs. Fossdyke, good night. \- Good night, Bessie, Miss Hyde, I mean. -; Crod bless you,' and with this somewhat in \\_-_\ coherent speech he took his departure. .' - V Ko man could have been more curiously ;.' -. moved by the death of a fellow-creature than ' . :. *vas Mr. Tofcterdell when he first heard of the -? murder of John Fossdyke. He was a fussy, carrulous, and inquisitive old man, and had .' lately proved himself a rancorous old man to koot with regard to the luckless town-clerk. ' ? ' . He had fiercely resented the being literally . ?': turned out of Dyke, but to do him justice his ' : -emnity was not of that unsparing malignant \----- land tiiat refused to be buried in the grave. fie was nnfeignedly eorry for the past, and \- _.- -' deeply regretted that ever he should have moved for an inquisition into the financial affairs of the town. He had lamented bo ; . ? ? fore that his wrath had moved him to that ; step, it was subject of still bitter lamentation / now. But as the details of the murder reached r' .-; Baumborongh there stole across Mr. Totter ^ dell a little glow of statisfaction that he had 5 v~ in his writing-table drawer that bill of the ' '' Syringa Music Hall, and was not onlw one of those who had actually held \-- ' converse with the murderer, but was able _ to point out to the police where : ? lie might be found. Conscious of possessing T tbis information Mr. Tofcterdell positively ?:?' swelled «ith importance. To a man of his ; ?,-;.' disposition being the repository of the clue to a great crime was delicious. He (Totterdell), ? ??' at all events, now must come prominently -.„ ; before the public His name would ba -,;? ?»?? in all- the papers, and to one of his ;-v;- incalculable vanity this went for a good ' - deaL . To be pointed out as the Mr. Totter. -' V ? ' dell who led to the solution of the great Bun '? ~; Inoy murder was fame. Questionable that, perhaps, but for the time being it would un ;V:; -„ donbtedly be notoriety, a substitute that I ?-,' »mply saffices most people in these days. ??^ - Then Mr. Totterdell remembered how he had $-.'?. V Actually pointed out John Fossdyke to his ?^ supposed murderer «nd began to suffer jj '.?*. ,; -agonies of remorse ; bargain it occurred to «-/ Mm that it was the stranger who had dc £, xnanded who the town clerk might be, and \--? : ' *hathad he refused the required information ':?:' 3us- interlocutor would have experienced no Jr''_ tdifficnlty in obtaining it from some one else ; fi' «o he became more tranquil on this p.-int. t-i1:-' 3*nt to whom to disburthen himself oc tiia *r ,:. mighty secret within his breast troubled him |S :?'*-.? ,t iriuch. Another thing, too, which ga^-e a WC-- angular titillation both to Mr. Totter.ie'.l's 6 '':-? aerves and vanily was the idea that he had |*f ,':v sat next a veritable murderer at the theatre ^V*-~.;4-n|y t*cnty«£oar hours before he committed ^ .'his crime.* Of this he made no secret— indeed gr i '? -dilated on the subject all over Baamborough. |ft*; Mr. Totterdell never tired of describing the |J;ft;; «tranger cor improvising the discourse that W&i-; ::-. r Jtook place betsroen them, and that conversa %£&: ?;. H&Btk; 00 lengthened in proportion to the Ec?H; number of tunes that Mr. Totterdell recapitu ^Sit?i lated tiie story that it appeared impossible ^fg»*':&at; either he or the stxanger could have g&^ ieardanythmg of the play. ^e sCz/Sow, ttere was one singular fact about all ji^iwCTi* essay accounted for if you bear in mind ^gf-^Mr. TotterdeU's prevailing characteristics— ^^ :--|nsataablecuriosit5oombined, remember, with jppg^gineailcidable vanii^ — prompting him to obtain |^^Jtotojiiftt!y«taUhaBards. The result was that, W3im'Vg§J$* *» talked jof having met him in front ^^^WyaBcJffluse, he was perfectly mute about ^luning «ome*eroni Mr. PoxbtKrough 1-ebiBd the scenes. He could, lie UKraght,£ive all -tteinf ornia^ontsoncernmg ite Tsbranger the polioe conld poBiiblyjreflinre, and wa«-atoQ» m*t any one^dM ^onjcl intrude themaalm ofrbis^latfbrm. He4-B-posed to pose as the stain tntness in the great Bunbary , murder case— a mere matter -of notoriety! Qmtedb, but men have risked their Una for nothing eke time ont of mind, notably in this year of. grace 1SS2 concerning crossing the«Ohannel iafcalfoonib When Dr. Iogleby, having returned from Banbury, got out at Dyke he found that he was most decidedly wanted.* His old friend, Mrs. Jjossdyte, was nerxecuy stsmnea ay tne news, and past anything; but jtnaking one wild wailofrcmorseforwhatihcwaspleasedtoterm her late unwifely behavior. She . reproajhed hetself bitterly about her last quarrel with : her husband, and wept piteously over some misty idea that she had in some sort contri buted to the catastrophe. But what did sur prise Dr. Ingleby was the excessive prostra tion of Miss Clyde. The girl struggled bravely against it, but her unutterable woe was as tajmifitakeable as. it was difficult to account for. Granted she had lost a very dear friend, still it was hard to understand a tolerably eelf-contained young lady like Miss Hyde beirg so completely npset by it. She did her best— she struggled hard to console and com fort poor Mrs. Fossdyke, but Or. Ingleby was fain to confess that she seemed more in need of comforting herself. A case this in which there -was Jittle to be done for either sefferer. Words of consolation at such times pcem commonplace, and medical aid is super fluous. But the next day Dr. Ingleby was astonished by the apparition of Sergeant Silas Usher in bis surgery — that he entered unannounced it is almost unnecessary to say. Silas Usher usually turned up without any official an nouncement. He had a way of appearing at people's sides in a stealthy;ghost-like fashion positively appalling, and his very name caused terror to the tiptop professors of the art of burglary. It was related how one of the great artists in that line had been utterly paralysed in his last .exploit by having whispered into his ears as he was clearing out a countess's jewel box, and greedily gloating over a diamond bracelet— 'Very pretty, Bill Simmonds, ain't it? but it won't fit you anything like as well as these,' and before the astonished robber could collect his .faculties the handcuffs snapped round his wrists, and his retirement from a world he had for some time adorned was an accomplished fact. ' I have just run down, sir, to make a few enquiries in Baumborough, and you're the man I want in the first instance. I don't want to intrude on the family at Dyke, of course, but it is essential I should get answers -from them to these two questions : Did they ever know a Mr.Foxborough, or hear of him? and did they ever see this in Mr. Fossdyke's possession?' and Sergeant Usher produced the fatal weapon which had been found in John Fossdyke's breast?' A slight shiver ran through Dr. Ingleby^a frame, not at the sight of the weapon, for his medical training had steeled his nerves to all that sort of thing, but he did think it would be a gruesome task to show that ^ghastly toy to the mourners at Dyke. ' Now don't you run away, doctor, with the idea that I'm a man of no t feeling, ex claimed the sergeant, who saw at a glance what was paging through Dr. Ingleby 's mind. 'Nobody understands the susceptibilities more than I do, and, bless you, nobody humors them more. Now these are important * questions, and answers to 'em quite invaluable. But, of course, you'll introduce this, he con tinued, tapping the dagger as a paper knife found in a half cut novel which Mr. Fox borough left inadvertently behind him. It is to spare all unpleasantness I come to you. Introduce me as what seems best to yourself, but you shall make the enquiries. I only want to be present when they are made, but I think you had best admit at once I'm a police agent. As I told ycu before, I'm in charge of this murder, and it's a matter of professional pride to bring it home to some one.' 'You seem pretty indifferent whom you hang,' rejoined Dr. Ingleby, sharply. ' Nothing of the kind, sir,' replied Sergeant Usher, but it is a sort of reproach to my pro fessional reputation not to pick up the perpe trator of a big crime like this. More espe cially because it seems sosimple. Whobut Mr. Foxborongh could%have committed this mur der ? I told you, sir, lam always candidmy self on principle, but we must have the links in the chain complete, and that is the reason I am compelled to disturb the ladies at Dyke, almost in the first agonies of their grief.'' 'Tomorrow I might, Sergeant Usher, but as the medical adviser of the family, I empha tically say Mrs. Fossdyke and Miss Hyde are too thoroughly crushed by this blow for you to see them to-day. There are probably one or two more points you would like to question them over, and on the whole you will benefit by the delay.' Silas Usher mused for a little, and then said, ' Well, it may be so. I, of course, am very anxious to know what induced Sir. Foss- - dyke to go over to Bunbury. We know Fex borough came here on Monday night. He probably met the deceased and asked him to dine, which, from motives we have as yet no clue to, Mr. Fossdyke accepted ; but from the witnesses at the Hopbine, it does not appear to have been simply a dinner between two old friends. If the invitation was given ver bally it is very likely that some one heard it given. At all events, there must be people in Baumborough who noticed this stranger. If, which may be possible; the man wrote, there's a chance that the ladies at Dyke know some thing about it, and that the letter is not as yet destroyed. Tou see, doctor, if you can get hold of a man's handwriting, and this Fox borough was undoubtedly an educated man, or if you can get hold of an accurate descrip tion of -iirn, you are pretty much upon his track.' 'All of which makes it quite clear to me that you wont altogether waste a day in Baumborough, Sergeant Usher. At all events, I'll not sanction you going out to Dyke to day.' ' It may be you're rights sir,' rejoined the detective. ' Anyhow, it seems I have got to pass the day here, and therefore I must just make the best of it. I'll call in to-morrow, doctor, to see what you can do for me. Good morning.' ? ~- That Sergeant Usher went about seeking information would not at all describe that worthy's proceedings ; he simply paraded the town, he had something to say to every one, and it was highly creditable to his versatility and universal knowledge that the people with whom he conversed differed largely about the little grey's man's calling. The ostler at the King's Arms, where Mr. Usher was located, - had no dcubt whatever that he was somehow connected with horses. At the principal stationers they put him down as having some thing to do with threatricals, while other people differed as to whether it was corn or cattle the little gentleman at the Kimfs Arms had come down to buy. But that in the course of three or four hours' gos3iping with everybody he came across, Sergeant Usher had arrived at the fact that Mr. Fox borough had sat next Mr. Totterdell in the stalls upen the opening night of the theatre, and that nobody in Baumborough knew so much about the whole affair as that gentle* man may easily De conceived, uieariy Air. Totterdell was the man the sergeant wanted, and to ascertain where Mr. Totterdell lived was, of course, easy. Who he was had been fully explained also— his connection with Mrs. Fossdyke, his quarrel with her husband, &c; All such local gossip Is easily picked up in an incredibly short time in a country town by such a practised hand as Sergeant Usher ; and, further, the detective had got a very fair inkling of what manner of man Mr. Totter dell was. The fussy town councillor dwelt in a prim lookirg house standing in an equally prim looking garden, situated in the outskirts of the town, and thither towards the afternoon Sergeant Usher made his way. He was in exceeding good humor with himself, for he considered he had done a very fair morning's work, although most of his informants had been fain to admit they had not noticed the stranger themselves; while even those that professed to have remarked him were so vague and vacillating in their description that the shrewd Sergeant Usher speedily came to the conclusion that 'they thought they'd seen Lid,' was about what their testimony really amounted to, but they were all clear and confident that Mr. Totterdell had con versed with the stranger, and could describe bis personal appearance, manner, &c.; ; indeed it was he who bad been asked to point out Mr. Fossdyke by this Mr. Foxborough. Mr. Tctterdell was at home, and the ser Cf ant was at once shown into his presence. ' Mr. Silas U&ber;,' he repeated, reading tho cante written on an envelope, whieh had beea jsciit iii to him. ' May I ask what your busi l--.s is with me?' 'I thought niayb?, sir. the name might lrave told you. Silas Usher is pretty well brown at Scotlacd-yard, and you mieht have conic across the name la biggish murder ca^a before now.' 'Of course, of course,' exclaimed Mr. Totterdell, wriggling in his chair, after hi3 custom when excited about anything. ' Pray sit down, Mr. Usher.' He bad been turning over in his mind with whom he was to disburden himself of the mighty secret hidden In hia breast, and here was the very man he wanted come to his door. 'I have every reason to believe, Mr. Tot tf rdell, that you can give me some very im portant information, and as this murder is put in my charge I come to learn all you have to-tell me concerning it.' 'And you couldn't have come to anyone in Baumborough who can tell- you half so much about it. I was an intimate friend of the poor fellow that's gone, yon know, god father to his wife, and all that sort of thing, eratefuuyVo me' at lastj 1 bore him lib malice.'* ? Wha*v»tJotaiFos«djU«nadtobe£Ba*e ful about was-ttot quite so dear. *' Dear ^ne,' continued the old impostor, 'I littto thought that when I slaved w to«et up the.Bejimborough T£eafe*» that I wjw, ao tofpeak, digging John Fossdyke's grave, ont ?? that was bis fault; he never was open with any one, U Jj© liad only been candid, Mr. Ushers if he bad^nly been candid- — ' 'Ahl Mr. Totterdell, then he never men tioned Foxborough'fl name to you V ' 'No,:norjfco,any one else, or I must have heard of it. I hear everythingthat goes on in Baumborougb.' 'And you actually sat next this man m the . theatre on Monday night,' interposed the sergeant rather hurriedly, for he already saw that the newly-elected town councillor was not one of those who narrate their story briefly. 'That was just what I was going to tell you,' rejoined Mr. Totterdrfl, testily, 'only you interrupted me. Yes, I sat near the mis ereant at the theatre; a dark-complexioned man, dressed in evening clothes, as unlike a murderer as could be,' and the old gentleman paused, rand looked at the sergeant as mu-jh as to say. ' What do think.bf that?' Mr. Usher vouchsafed no opinion, his professional knowledge told him that men of all classes had taken their fellowa' lives at time? 'Well,' continued Mr; Totterdell, 't'ue villain was very affable. Said he was in the theatrical line himself. He asked who two or three people were, amongst others John Fossdyke.' ' Give any reason,' interposed the sergeant, in a curt, rat-trap sort of way, that made the old gentleman start. 'Yes ; he said he thought he had met him somewhere; had been at school with him, perhaps, but he didn't seem to recognise the name at all. He thought I said Mossdyke, and when I repeated Fossdyke, asked me to spell it, which I did. Then he asked me if Miss Hyde was Mb daughter, and I told him no— that she was one of our great mysteries : that no one knew exactly who she was. We don't, yon know ;. it's very curious that, Mr. Usher. Baumborough cannot get at who she is exactly.' . ' And of course, sir, you had no idea of what this strangsrs name was?' 'Well, Ihad. and I hadn't. It so happens I am in possession of a singular piece of evi dence, which, though it told nothing then, is valuable now, as it tells you where to find James Foxborough.' ' James !' exclaimed the sergeant. ' You've got at his Christian name, then, Mr. Totter dell?' 'Yes,' exclaimed the old gentleman, with an asthmatic chuckle, as he got out of his chair and went across to the writing-table. 'When,' he continued, as he opened a drawer, ' the stranger got up to leave he pulled a silk muffler out of his pocket to put round his throat, and as he did so he dropped ? this,' and Mr. Totterdell held up the music hall bill he had picked up in the theatre. 'Look at it!' ' Syringa Music Hall ! Yes, I know the place well ; but any one might go there ; this don't tell us much. Ha ! Lessee, Mr. James Foxborough. Yes, stupid of me not to re member it. before. I know all about it now. Wife and some woman sings rather well. I don't think I ever saw Foxborough. Can't have done. I never forget any one I've once seen. You can keep that, Mr. Totterdell, it's a valuable clue, but excuse my observing ic's no evidence. It is open to any one to hive a Syringa bill in his coat pocket;' The old gentleman gasped with indigna tion. He had held that bill to be a most damning piece of testimony. 'You see,' continued the sergeant, who saw what was passing through Mr. Totfcer dell'smind, 'beyond that it recalled to my mind that James Foxborough is lessee of the Syringa, a fact some of our people in to wn are sure to have remembered, that bill tells us nothing. I've no doubt a man calling him self Foxborough.sat next you in the stalls on Monday night, and when we apprehend James Foxborough you will knowat a glance whether that's the man.' 'Undoubtedly,' returned Mr. Totterdell, somewhat reviving, as it dawned upon him that after all he was destined to play the role of a leading witness. ' Well, sir, I don't think I need trespass any longer on your valuable time. I'm a candid man myself, Mr. Totterdell, and I have no doubt that— thanks to the valuable clue you have placed in my hands — we shall soon Know all about James Foxborough, and where to find him when we want him. Good day, sir.' ' If his time is valuable he loses a mint of money per annum,' muttered Sergeant Usher, as he walked away. ' Such & Ions- winded old chump at telling a story one don't often see, thank goodness. Now, if this is James Fox borough, of the Syringa, what on earth could be his quarrel with Mr. Fossdyke ? That is a thing has to be got at in some sort. Secondly, it all looks too plain sailing. Men don't take rooms at hotels in the country iu their own name, ask their enemy to dinner, murder him, and return quietly to town bs1- the first train in the morning ; and yet that's what this comes to. Outside my experience that is a long way. No : it looks so simple that I'd bet it turns out ajcomplicated case. I suppose I'd best go out to Dyke to morrow, if the doctor will let me, and ask .the ladies two or three questions, though I don't suppose much will come of it.' The nest morning Sergeant Usher wedded his way to Dr, Ingleby 's, to learn if.it was possible for him to ask those two or three questions of Mrs. Fossdyke and Mias Hyde' that he was so anxious to put. 'I have been out to see them already, and have arranged that, painful though it be, it shall be done. But I must manage this busi ness in my own way. The interview must be as brief as you can possibly make it. The questions will have to be put by me, and I have guaranteed you shall not open your lips, although you are to be present. They under stand who you are, and that they are answer ing my questions for your benefit.' At first Sergeant Usher looked somewhat disappointed, then brightening up a bit,' said, 'It won't take five minutes, doctor. There are only three questions, but I want as distinct answers to them as possible, please, I had better write them down.' 'Do, while I order the trap. There are writing things.' A few minutes later and Dr. Ingleby and the sergeant were driving towards Dyke. On their arrival they were at ence shown into the drawing-room, where the two ladies were waiting to receive them. They wel comed Dr. Ingleby with a faint smile, and acknowledged Sergeant Usher's bow with a slight bend of the head. 'My dear Mrs. Fossdyke, we shan't worry you for more than a few minutes, but in the interests of justice I ara going to ask you three questions. First, did you ever see this fanciful toy before, and he exhibited the weapon that had bereft John Fossdyke of life. A decided negative from both ladies. Secondly, did your husband to your know ledge know anything of a Mr. Foxborough ? ' I never heard of such a person,' replied Mrs. Foxborough briefly. ' I never knew a Mr. Foxborough,1' fal tered Miss Hyde, with visible emotion. ' Lastly, are you aware what induced your husband to go over to Bunbury on Tuesday?' 'Certainly,' replied Mrs. Fossdyke; 'he went in consequence of a letter which he re ceived by the morning post, and by which he was evidently much put out. We' both noticed it, Bcefiie, did we not?' Miss Hyde bent her head in token of assent. iso muou so, continued airs, r ossayne, ' that I asked him if he was ill, and after wards urged him not to stay the night at Bunbury, but come home to dinner. Oh, why, why did he not follow my advice !' and the good lady's tears flowed afresh.' 'There, there, my dear friend,' said the doctor soothingly, ' we need trouble you no more. Gcod-bye for the present — good-bye, Miss Hyde. I shall be up again in the evenirg.' Sergeant Usher had already glided noise lessly out of the room in accordance with his covenant. ' Well,' said the doctor, as he joined him in the hell, ' I trust you have learnt all you want to know.' ' Not quite,' rejoined Sergeant Usher. ' I want to know when Miss Hyde heard of Mr. Foxborough?' ' Why, she said she never had.' 'Excuse me, she said she had never seen him, and I believe her ; but from the way she said it I have a strong idea she's heard of him.' ' That idea never would have entered my head.' ' I daresay, not, doctor. -You're not accus tomed to weigh people's words as I am,' replied Sergeant Usher, as they got into the trap. ' Were you satisfied with the result of y our questions?'' asked Dr. Ingleby, after a few moments, during which his companies stensed plur.ged in a brown study. ' Ird give a hundred pounds for that letter,' quoth Sergeant Usher, moodily. (To be continued.) ? '» 