Fiction. Robbery Under Arms. By Rolf Boldrewood. Chapter XXIX. — ( Continued ). If we could clear out what a heaven it would be ! I could send over for Gracey to come to me. I knew she'd do that, if 1 was only once across the sea, ready and willing to lead a new life, and with something honest-earned and hard worked- for to buy a farm with. Nobody need know. No body would even inquire in the far West where we'd come from or what we'd done. We should live close handy to one another — Jim and Jeanie, Gracey and I — and when dad went under, Mother and Aileen could come out to us ; and there would still be a little happiness left us, for all that wis come and gone. Ah ! if things would only work out that way. Well, more unlikely things happened every day. And still the big room gets fuller. There's a band strikes up in the next room and the dancing begins. This is a ball night. Kate has started that game. She's a great hand at dancing herself, and she manages to get a few girls to come up ; wherever they come from nobody knows, for there's none to be seen in the daytime. But they turn out wonderfully well dressed and some of 'em mighty good-looking ; and the young swells from the camp come down, and the dig gers' that have been lucky and begin to fancy themselves. And there's no end of fun and flirting and nonsense, such as there always is when men and women get together in a place where they're not obliged to be over-particular. Not that there was any rowdiness or bad behaviour allowed. A goldfield is the wrong shop for that. Anyone that didn't behave himself would have pretty soon found himself on his head in the street, and lucky if he came out of it with whole bones. I once tried to count the different breeds and languages of themen in the big room one night. I stopped at thirty. There were Germans, Swedes, Danes, Norwegians, Russians, Italians, Greeks, Jews, Spaniards, Frenchmen, Maltese, Mexicans, Negroes, Indians, Chinamen, New Zealanders, English, Irish, Scotch, Welsh, Australians, Americans, Canadians, Creoles, gentle and simple, farmers and labourers, squatters and shepherds, lawyers and doctors. They were all alike for a bit : all pretty rich ; none poor, or likely to be ; all workers and comrades ; nobody wearing much better clothes or trying to make out he was higher than anybody else. .Everybody was free with his money. If a fellow was sick, or out of luck, or his family was down with fever, the notes came freely —as many as were wanted, and more when that was done. There was no room for small faults and vices; everything and everybody was worked on a high scale. It was a grand time — better than ever was in our country before or since. Jim and I always said we felt better men while the flash time lasted, and hadn't a thought of harm or evil about us. We worked hard enough, too, as I Eaid before ; but we had good call to do eo. Every week when we washed up we found ourselves a lot forrarder, and could see that if it held on'like this for a few months more we should have made our 44 pile,' as the diggers called it, and be able to get clear off without much bother. Because it wasn't now as it was in the old times, when Government could afford to keep watch upon every vessel, big and little, that left the harbour. Now there was no end of trouble in getting sailors to man the ships, and we could have worked our passage easy enough; they'd have taken us and welcome, though we'd never handled a rope in our lives before. Besides that, there were hundreds of strangers starting for Europe and America by every vessel that left. Men who had come out to the colony expecting to pick up gold in the streets, and had gone home disgusted ; lucky men, too, like ourselves, who had sworn to start for homefthe very moment they bad made a fair thing. How were any police in the world to keep the run of a few men flint had been in trouble before among such a mixed up mob? Now and then we managed to get a talk with* Starlight on the dy. He used to meet us at a safe place by night, and talk it all over. He and his mates were doing well, and expected to be ready for a start in a few months, when we might meet in Melbourne and clear out together. He believed it would be easy, and said that our greatest danger of being recognised was now over— that we had altered feo much by living and working among the diggers that we could pass for dieters anywhere. 'Why, we were all dining at the Commissioner's yesterday,' he said, ' when who should walk in but our old friend Goring. He's been made an inspector now ; and, of course, he's a great swell and a general favourite. The Commissioner knew his family at home, and makes no end of fuss about him. He's left for the southern district, I'm glad to say. I felt queer, I most eay ; but, of course, I didn't show it. We were formally introduced. He caught me with that sudden glance of Ins— devilishsharp eye he has— and looks me full in the face. 'I don't remember jour name, Mr. Haughton,' said he ; ' but your face seems familiar to me somehow. I can't think when I've met you before.' ' Must have been at the Melbourne Club,' says I, pulling my moustache. ' Met a heap of Sydney people there.' ' ' Perhaps so,' says he. ''I used to go and lunch there a good deal. I had a month's leave last month, just after I got my step. Curious it seems, too,' says he, ? I can't get over it. ' ' 4 Fill your glass and pass the claret,' says the Commis sioner. 4 Faces are very puzzling things met in a different state of existence. Human repetends, as Marcus Clarke says. I don't suppose Haughton's wanted, eh, Goring ?' ' This was held to be a capital joke, and I laughed too, in a way that would have made my fortune on the stage. Goring laughed too, and seemed to fear he'd wounded my feelings, for he was most polite, all the rest ot the evening. 'Well, if he didn't smoke you,' says Jim, 'we're right till the day of judgment. There's no one else here that's half a ghost of a chance to swear to us.' 'Except' says I. ' ? .' 'Oh! Kate'r' says Jim, 'never mind her, Jeanie's coming up to be married .to me next month, and Kate's getting so fond of you again that there's no fear of her | letting the cat out.' ( ' That's the very reason. I never cared two straws ab 3ut her, : and now I bate the sight of her. She's a revengeful devil, j and if she takes it into her head she'll turn on us some fine day, as sure as we're alive.' , ' Don't you believe it,' says Jim, 44 women are not so , bad as all that. (' Are they not H ' says Starlight.) I'll ( go bail we'll be 6nug and safe here till Christmas, and then , we'll give out, say we're going to Melbourne for a spree, and , clear straight out.' ? Chai'Teh XXX. ! As everything looked so fair-weather like, Jim and Jeanie made it up to be married as soon after she came up as he could get a hotfse ready. She came up to Sydney, first by sea and after that to the diggings by the coach. She was always a quiet hardworking good little soul, awful timid, and prudent in everything but in taking a fancy to Jim. But that's neither here nor there. Women will take fancies as long as the world la6ts, and if they happen to fancy the ' wrong people, the more obstinate they hold on to 'em. Jeanie was one of the prettiest girls I ever set eyes on in her way, very fair and clear coloured, with big soft blue eyes, and hair like a cloud of spun silk. Nothing like her was ever Eeen on the field when she came up, so all the diggers said. When they began to write to one another after we came to Turon, Jim told her straight out, that though we were doing well now, it might'nt last. He thought she was a great fool to leave Melbourne when she was safe and comfortable, to come to a wild place, in a way, like Turon. Of course he was ready and willing to marry her; but speaking all for her own good, he advised her not. She'd better give him up and set her mind on somebody else. Girls that was any way good-looking and kept themselves proper and decent, were very scarce in Melbourne and Sydney now, considering the number of men that were making fortunes and were anxious to get a wife and settle down. A girl like her could have married anybody, most likely some one above her own rank in life. Of course she would'nt have no one but Jim, and if he was ready to marry her, and could get a little cottage, she was ready too. She would always be his own Jeanie, and was willing to run any kind of risk so as to be with him, and near him, and so on. Starlight and I both tried to keep Jim from it all we knew. It would make things twice as bad for him if he had to turn out again, and there was no knowing the moment when we might have to make a bolt for it, and where could Jeanie go then ?; But Jim had got one of his obstinate fits. He said we were regularly mixed up with the diggers now. He never intended to follow any other life, and wouldn't go back to the Hollow, or take part in any fresh cross work, no matter how good it might be. Poor old Jim ! I really believe he'd made up his mind to go straight from the very hour he was buckled to Jeanie ; and if he'd only had common luck he'd have been as square and right as George Storefield to this very hour. 1 was near forgetting about old George. My word ! he was getting on faster than we were though he hadn't a golden hole. He was gold finding in a different way, and no mistake. One day we saw a stoutish man drive up Main-street to the camp, with a well-groomed horse, in a dogcart, and a servant with him ; and who was this but old George V He didn't twig us. He drove close alongside of Jim, who was coming back from the creek where he'd been puddling, with two shovels and a pick over his shoulder, and a pair of old yellow trowsers on, and him splashed up to the eyes. George didn't know him a bit. But we knew ' him, and laughed to ourselves to see the big swell he'd grown into. He stopped at the camp and left his dogcart outside with his man. Next thing we saw was the Com missioner walking about outside the camp with him, and talking to him just as if he was a regular intimate friend. The Commissioner, that was so proud that he wouldn't look at a digger or shake hands with him, not if he was a young marquis, as long as he was a digger. 4 No ! ' he used to say, ' I nave to keep my authority over these thousands and tens of thousands of people, some of them very wild and lawless, principally by moral influence, though of course I have the Government to fall back upon. To do that I must keep up my position, and over familiarity would be the destruction of it.' When we saw him shaking hands with old George and inviting him to lunch, we asked one of the miners next to our claim, if he knew what that man's name and occupation was there 'r 1 Oh! ' he says, 4 I thought everybody knew him. That's Storefield, the great contractor. He has all the contracts for horsefeed for the camDS and police stations ; nearly every one between here and' Kiacdra. He's took 'em lucky this year, and he's making money hand over fist.' ' 'Well done, steady old George! no wonder he could afford to drive a good horse and a swell dogcart. He was getting up in the world. We wore a bit more astonished when we heard the Commissioner say, 4 I am just about to open Court, Mr. Storefield, would you mind taking a few cases with me this morning ? ' We went into the Court house just for a lark. There was old George sitting on the Bench as grave as a Judge, and a rattling good magistrate he made too. He disagreed from the Commissioner once or twice, and showed him where he was right too, not in the law but in the facts of the case, where George's knowing working men and their ways, gave him the pull. He wasn't over sharp and hard either, like some men directly they're raised up a bit, just to show their power. But just seemed to do a fair thing, neither too much one way or the other. Gecrge stayed and had lunch at the camp with the Commissioner when the Court was adjourned, ana he drove away afterwards with his upstanding eight guinea horse horses was horEes in those days— just as good a gentle man to look at as anv body. Of course we knew there was a difference, and he'd never get over a few things he'd missed when he was young, in the way of education. But he was liked and respected for all that, and made welcome everywhere. He was a man as didn't push himself one bit. There didn't seem anything but his money and his good natured honest face, and now and then a bit of a clumsy joke to make him a place. But when the swells make up their minds to take a man in among themselves they're not half as particular as commoner people ; they do a thing well when they're about it. So George was hail fellow well met with all the swell* at the cam i), and the bankers and big storekeepers, and the doctors, and lawyers, and clergymen, all the nobs there were at the Turon ; and when the Governor himself and his lady came up on a visit to see what the place was like, why George was taken up and introduced as if he'd been a regular blessed curiosity in the way of contractors, and his Excel lency hadn't never set eyes on one before. 44 My word ! Dick,' Jim says, ' it's tf murder he and Ailen didn't cotton to one another in the old days. She'd Save been just the girl to have fancied all this Bort of swell racket, with a silk gown and dressed up a bit There iBn't a woman here that's a patch on her for looks, is there now F except Jeanie, and she's different in her ways.' I didn't believe there was. I began to think it over in my own mind, and wonder how it came about that she'd missed all her chances of rising in life, and if ever a woman was born for it she was. I couldn't help seeing whose fault it was, that she'd been kept back and was now obliged to work hard, and almost ashamed to show herself at Bargo and the other email towns; BOt that people were ever shy of speaking to her, but she thought they might be, and wouldn't give them a chance. In about a month np comes Jeanie Morrison from Mel bourne, looking just the same as the very first evening we met Kate and her, on the St. Kilda beach. Just as quiet and shy and modest looking— only a bit sadder and not quite so ready to smile as she'd been in the old days. She looked as if she'd had a grief to hide and fight down since then. A girl's first sorrow when something happened to her love! They never look quite the same afterwards. I've seen a good many, and if it was real right down love, they were never the same in looks or feelings afterwards. They might 'get over it' as people call it; but thafs a sort of healing over a wound. It don't always cure it, and the wound often breaks out again and bleeds afresh. Jeanie didn't look so bad, and she was that glad to see Jim again and to find him respected as a hardworking well to-do miner, that she forgot most of her disappointments and forgave him his share of any deceit that had been prac tised upon her and her sister. Women are like that. They'll always make excuses for men they're fond of and blame anybody else that can be blamed or that's within reach. She thought Starlight and me had the most to do with it— perhaps we had; but Jim could have cut loose from us Bny time before the Momberah cattle racket much easier than he could now. I heard her say once that she thought other people were much more to blame than poor James — people who ought to have known better, and so on. By the time Fhe had got to the end of her little explanation, Jim was completely whitewashed of course. It had always happened lo him, and I suppose always would. He was a man born to be helped and looked out for by every one he came near. Seeing how good-looking Jeanie was thought and how all the swells kept crowding round to get a look at her, if she was near the bar, Kate wanted to have a ball and show her - off a bit. But she wouldn't have it. She right down refused and close up quarrelled with Kate about it. She didn't take to the glare and noise and excitement of Turon at all. She was frightened at the strange looking men that filled tha streets by day and the hall at the Prospectors by night. The women she couldn't abide. Anyhow Bhe wouldn't have nothing to say to them. All she wanted — and she kept at Jim flay after day till she made him carry it out — was for him to build or buy a cottage — she didn't care how small— where they could go and live quietly together. She would cook his meals and mend his clothes, and they would come into town on Saturday nights only and be as happy as kings and queens. She didn't come up to dance or flirt, she said, in a place like Turon, and if Jim didn't get a home for her ehe'd go back to her dressmaking at St. Kilda. This woke up Jim, so he bought out a miner who lived a bit out of the town. He had made money and wanted to sell his improvements and clear out for Sydney. It was a small four- roomed weatherboard cottage, with a bark roof, but very neatly put on. There was a little creek in front, and a small flower garden with rose trees twining up the verandah posts. Most miners, when they're doing well, make a garden. They take a pride in having a neat cottage and everything about it shipshape. The ground of course didn't belong to him, but he held it by his miner's right. The title was good enough, and he had a right to sell his good will and improvements. Jim gave him his price, and took every thing, even to the bits of furniture. They weren't much, but a place looks awful bare without them. The dog and the cock and hens he bought too. He got some real nice things in Turon — tables, chairs, sofas, beds, and so on ; and had the place lined and papered inside, quite swell. Then he told Jeanie the house was ready, and next week they were married. They were married in the church— that is, the iron building that did duty for one. It had all been carted up from Melbourne, frame- work, roof, seats, and all, and put together at Turon. It didn't look so bad after it was painted, though it was awful hot in summer. Here they were married, all square and regular, by the Scotch clergyman. He was the first minister of any kind that came up to the diggings, and the men had all come to like him for his straightforward, earnest way of preaching. Not that we went often, but a good few of us diggers went every now and then, just to show our respect for him ; and so Jim said he'd be married by Mr. Mackenzie and no one else. Jeanie was a Presbyterian ; so it suited her all to pieces. Well, the church was chock full. There never was such a congregation before. Lots of people had come to know Jim on the diggings, and more had heard of him as a straightgoing goodlooking digger, who was free with his money and pretty lucky. As for Jeanie there was a report that she was the prettiest girl in Melbourne, or some* thing of that sort ; and so they all tried to get a look at her. Certainly, though there had been a good many marriages since we had come to the Turon, the church haa never held a handsomer couple. Jeanie was quietly dressed in plain white silk ; she had on a veil : no ornaments of any kind or sorts. It was a warmish day, and there was a tort of peach-blossom colour on her cheeks that looked as delicate as if a breath of air would blow it away. When she came in and saw the crowd of bronzed bearded faces and hundreds of strange eyes bent on her, she turned quite pale. Then the flush came back on her face, and her eyes looked as bright as some of the sapphires we used to pick up now and then out of the river bed. Her hair was twisted up in a knot behind; but even that didn't hide the lovely colour nor what a lot there was of it. As she came in with her slight figure and her modest sweet face that turned up to J im's like a child's, there was a short of hum in the church that sounded very like breaking into a cheer. Jim certainly was a big upstanding chap, strong built but active with it, and as fine a figure of a man as you'd 6ee on the Turon or any other place. He stood about 6 feet and an inch, and was as straight as a tush. There was no stiffneEs about him either. He was broad-shouldered and light flanked, quick on his pins, and as good a man — all round— with his hands as you could pick out of the regular prize ring. He was as strong as a bullock, and just as good at the end of a day as at the start. With the work we'd had for the last five or six months, we were all in top con dition, as hard as a board and fit to work at any pace for 24 hours on end. He had an open, merry laughing face had Jim, with straight features and darkish hair and eyos. Nobody could ever keep angiy with Jim. He was one of those kind of men that could fight to some purpose now and then ; but that most people found it very hard to keep bad friends with. Besides the miners, there were lot6 of other people in church, who had heard of the wedding and come to see. I saw Starlight and the two Honorables, dressed up as usual, besides the commissioner and the camp officers ; and more than that, the new inspector of police, who'd only arrived the day.before. Sir Ferdinand Morringer, even he was there, dividing the people's attention with the bride. Besides that who should I see but Bella and Maddie Burnes and old Jonathan. They'd ridden into the Turon, for they'd got their riding habits on, and Bella had the watch and chain Starlight had given her. I saw her look over to where he and the other two were, but she didn't know him again a bit in the world. He was sitting there looking as if he was bored and tired with the whole thing — hadn't seen a soul in the church before, and didn't want to see 'em again. I saw Maddie Burnes looMn' with all her eyes at Jim, while her face grew paler — Bhe hadn't much colonr at the best of times — but she was a fine-grown, lissom, good looking girl for all that, and as full of fun and games as she could stick. Her eyes seemed to get bigger and darker as she looked, and when the parson began to read the service she turned away her head. I always thought she was rather soft on Jim, and now I saw it plain enough. He was one of those rattling jolly kind of fellows that can't help being friendly with every girl he meets, and very seldom cares much for any one in particular. He had been backward and forward a good deal with father before we got dear of 1 errima, and that's how poor Maddie had come to take the fancy so strong and set her heart upon him. It must be hard lines for a woman to stand by, in a church c r anywhere else, and see the man she loves given away, for ood and all, buckled hard and fast to another woman. \- obody took much notice of poor Maddie, but I watched fcer pretty close, and saw the tears come Into her eves, though Ghe let 'em run down her face before she'd pnll out l er handkerchief. Then 6he put up her veil and held up her head with a bit of a toss, and I saw her pride had hdpra her to bear it. I don't suppose anybody else saw her, and if they did they'd only think die was c^yin* for company — as women often do at weddings and all kinds of things. But I knew better. She wouldn't peach, poor Hung ! Still, I saw that mote than one or two knew who we were and all about us that day. We'd only just heard that the new inspector of police had come on to the field ; so of course everybody began to talk about him and wanted to have a look at him. Next to the commissioner and the P.M., the inspector of police is He biggest man in & country town or or on a goldtield. Ilo has a tremendous lot of power, and, inBide of the law, can do pretty much what he pleases. He can arrest a man on suspicion and keep hira in gaol for a month or two. He can have him remanded from '' time to time for further evidence, and make it pretty hot for him generally. He can let him out when he's proved inno cent, and nobody can do anything. All he has to £ay is : There was a mistake in the man's identity or sot sufficient proof. Anything of that eort. He can walk up to any tnan he likes (or dislikes) and tell him to huld up his hands for the handcuffs, and shoot him if he resists. He has servants to wait on him and orderly troopers to ride behind him: a handsome uniform like a cavalry officer; and, if he's a smart, soldierly, good-looking fellow, as he very often is, he's run after a good deal _ «]m| ran hold his head as high as he pleases. ' There's a bit of risk sometimes in apprehending desperate —ahem — bad characters, and with bushrangers and people of that sort, but nothing more than any young fellow of spirit would like mixed up with his work. Very often they're men of good family in the old country that have found nothing to do in this, and have taken to the police. 'When it was known that this Sir Ferdinand Morringer wa- a real baronet and had been an officer is the Guards, you may guets how the flood of goldfields' talk rose and flowed and foamed all round him. It was Sir Ferdinand this and Sir Ferdinand that wherever you went. He was going to lodge at the Royal. No, of course he was going to stay at the camp ! He was married and had three childrea. Not a bit of it ; he was a bachelor, and he was going to be married to Miss Ingereoll, the daughter of the bank manager of the Bank of New Holland. They'd met abroad. He was a tall, fine-looking man. Not at all, only middle-sized — hadn't old Major Trenck, the superintendent of police, when he came to enlist and said he bad been in the Guards, growled out, ' Too short for the Guards ! ' ' But I was not a private,' replied Sir Ferdinand. ' Well, anyhow there's a something about bim. Nobody can denv he 'looks like a gentleman ; my word, he'll put some of' these Weddin Mountain chaps throu' their facing' , you'll see,' says one miner. 'Not he,' says another: 'not if he was ten barrow nites in one ; all the same, he's a manly ?looking chap and ebows blood.' This was the sort of talk we used to hear all round us— from the miners, from the storekeepers, from the mixed mob at the Prospectors' Arms, in the big room at night, and generally all about. We said nothing, and took care to keep quiet and do and say nothing to be took hold of. All the mmii, we were glad to see Sir Ferdinand. We'd heard of him before from Goring and the other troopers ; but he'd been on duty in another district and hadn't come in our way. One evening wo were all sitting smokinsr and yarning in the big room of the hotel, and Jim, for a wonder — we'd been washing up — when we saw one of the camp gentlemen come in, and a strange officer of police with him. A sort of whisper ran through the room, and everybody made up their minds it was Sir Ferdinand. Jim and I both looked at him. ' Wa-al ! ' said one of our Yankee friends, ' what 'yur iwistin* your necks at like a flock of geese in a corn patch ? How dy'e fix it that a lord 's better 'n any other man ? ' ' He' s a bit different, somehow,' I eajre. ' We're not goin' to kneel down, or knuckle under to him, but he don't look like any one else in this room, does he? ' *' He's no slouch, and he looks yer square and full in the eye, like a hunter,' says Arizona Bill ; ' but dura my old buckskins, if I can see why you Britishers sets up idols and such, and worship 'em, in a colony, jest's if yer was in that benighted old England again.' We didn't say any more. Jim lit his pipe and smoked away, thinking, perhaps, more whether Sir Ferdinand was anything of a revolver shot, and if he was likely to hit him (Jim) at 40 or 50 yards, in case snch a chance should turn up, tnan about the difference of rank and such things. While we were talking we saw Starlight and one of the Honorables come in and sit down close by Sir Ferdinand, who was taking his grog at a small table and smoking a big cigar. The Honorable and he jumps up at once and shook hands, in such a hurry, eo as we knew they'd Jmet before. Then the Honorable introduces Starlight to Sir Ferdinand. We felt too queer to laugh, Jim and I, else we should have dropped off our seats when Starlight bowed as grave as a judge, and Sir Ferdinand (we could hear) asked him how many months he'd been oat in the colony and how he liked it ? Starlight said it wasn't at all a bad place when you got nsed to it ; but he thought he should try and get away before the end of the year. We couldn't help sniggerin' a bit at this, 'specially when Arizona Bill said, 'Thar's another duraed fool of a Britisher ; look at his eyeglass ! 1 wonder the field has not flhaken some of that cussed foolishness out of him by this iime.' 