TRUE GHOST STORIES. The two ghost stories told by our most eminent anatomist are as romantic in their way as any told by the Psychological Society. When, hardly more than a lad at Lancaster, the future defender of vivi section, was studying for the medical pro fession, he had a horror of the ghastly details of the business, which he imagined he could never overcome. Ho was cured, strange to say, by a fright. Having to take some medicino on a windy night to Lancaster Castle, lie had to pass through the room in which lie had taken part in diersctions. nust as he entered the room with the basket of medicine under his arm, the clouds which hid the moon suddenly parted, a door slammed, and, looking up, the future biologist saw what lie thought was an enormous figure in white, with arms outstretched, looking down uponlhim. He turned around trembl ing, and against the wall opposite stood another figure in white. He dropped Ilia basket and ran. The patients in Lancaster Castle got no medicine that night. But when he returned next day and found that lie had been frightened by mortuary sheets, lie braced his norves up so that he was soon collecting skulls. He made a fine set, but for a long time he could not get an Ethiopian skull. .At last a negro died in Lancaster Castle, and the young doctor got permis sion to have his head, It was again a windy night when the operation of re moving the head was determined upon. But, habited in his long cloak, then the fashion, and provided with blue bag, the comparative anatomist soon had the head safely stowed away. As he left the room in which the colln lay, however, the wind slammed the door, caught his cloak, and nearly threw him upon his face. At tempting to recover himself, he lost his hold of the bag, the head fell out, rolled with increasing velocity down a flight of steps, across a courtyard, and settled it self upon the neck, with one eye open and the other shat, in a room, where two women shrieked. The professor rushed wildlyiafterit, took no noticoofthe women, seized the skull, put it in his bag again, and ran from the Castle. Four or five years afterwards he was attending a dying woman, who called loudly for a clergy man, to whom she had something to tell. The doctor begged her to toll him, as no clergyman was near enough to be called in time. At length she spoke. " Oh, sir, I had a husband, who was a negro, and, I fear, a bad man. He died, sir, in Lan caster Castle; and, oh I sir, I was stand ing one day in the rooms when my hue band's head came out of the floor, and seemed to ask me to help him. And then, sir, the devil came through the door, snatched up the head, put it into a bag, and disappeared before I could do any tling. And I have never done any thing. Oh, sir, what can I do for my poor husband's soul 1" House-painters and carpenters of Berlin have held meetings to consider the ques tion of hours of work and wages. Reso lutions passed demanding 4s for a working day of ten hours. Philadelphia has several lady million aires. Mrs. Thomas A. Scott, £2,000,000; Mrs. Bloomfield H. Moore, £1,000,000 ; Mrs. Anna W. Baird and Mrs. Matthew Baldwin, £400,000. A letter has been received recently from England by Barnum, containing three picoes of candy. It was addressed with much simplicity "Jumbo, care Barnum, America." Some Ballarat capitalists are to take over King's Island from the lessees, and form a large pastoral and grazing com pany, in 1000 shares of £25 each. The Prince of Wales's new railway car riage is 50 feet long, and contains saloon, study, two bed-rooms, two dressing rooms, and a bath-room. 