The Storyteller. Dick Wilson's Dai; filter. ( Continued from our Lust.) It was as bad as that then, and it was harder lines with 'he Costerhadies than I had guessod. Well, ths old people, and Leah, aud Jonathan had fou«ht th-ii- battles well without my qnessrin;; inncVi ahniit it and without my wondering how lon^ tho inouny would hold out, No one had m--n.-.| me, fr tful as they all worn in their way, for I took things about as quiotly ns most folfcj, i-ven when there wiu anything to put m» nnt which was seldom, though Leih and hid had a bad way — L own is — of aggravat ing people and each other Not so much in bad times, for then we held together a bit more, and helpel each other all \vn could. Presently my brother Jonathan —poor cripple ,iud hunohbaok he was, -and yet close on twenty years of ago — oame limptug into tho street toward mo. ' Davie, nho's ijoint; to stop,' he said j ' she think* the place will suit her.' ' Well, I hope sho'll like it.' I said, ' and I h'po vou'll nil ho kind to her, for she's a poor b-- dy onnu»h.' 'Yes, ain't sho?' pined Jonithan; I won ?ler what she came for?' 'Ch'imje of air' ' Did sho tell you so?' ' Yes.1 ' I liko her face.' fnid my brother, after hhinkin? it rivor a littlo ' but it wouldn't be lucky if she dieit hero, wiuul it T 'Ijor' hloss the fellow— no.' 1 It would be our Inolc though, wouldn't it ?' ' You shut up, and keep that nnnsenso to yourself, Johnnie — ahe ain't a-going to die,' [ said ; ' what maili you think of suoh stuff as that?' Goiii' to dio, indeed ! Why, in twenty four hours from tho time she sot foot in (Ihesil sha was a different young creature ?ltogiither, and at full of life as aver she aoulil stick ! I dou't Ruppose chango of air over agreed with-a young person as it agreed with Betsy Watson ; there was quite a color on her cheeks next day, anil before tin week was out sh» was as brown as any b*rry. ? That Whitoohapel of yourn must hare been a vory sickly place,' I said to her about th-* third day of h«r Rtay with na, and when she was gotting redder and redder, nose and chin especially, ' for you to have got as pale aa when I saw you first.' 'lcm't say if it's sickly,' sho answered doubtfully, ' all I kuow is I am very siok of it.' ' Wore yon horn there !' ' Oh, yes I1 2'Penplo don't gat sick of whero thoy'ra born — at least, wa don t iu Portland.' ?No.' . . 'But Whitochapel mayn't ba quite as fresh a plnco as this, take it altoKethnr.' 'I don t think it is quite a3 fresh, sho answered, laughing at me. 'Then what makes you stop ?' 'Oh ! you'ro a3 curious as your sister, she said, pettishly, and went away from mo and sat on the Chesil Inn!;; and chucked stones into the water for houra afterward. I felt sho did not want my company ; I walked away till tea was ready, and thought of what phe had said all the mortal time. As curiousas my sister ! Well, Loan was curious enough, I knew, but I had never been called curious before, and never had been that I knew nf. - 'You dou't seem to ma David, to bustle about quite enough or takn enough interest iu things;' tbe dad had told me over aud over again ; you're too big and lumpy like I' And now hare was a Httls chit of a woman telling mo 1 was ourions, and running away from me because I worried hor with questions — actually worried her ! Yea, it was singular, because' somehow, sir I was onrious about her. She looked to he so very much alone in the world, so adrift like, and yet a omtented little soul, very nnioltlwith hor needle and not too much of a lodger. She liked to bu of help in nnv way. knewing she was poor, and fancying berneif almost one of the family after a while As she wan of help, aud Leah, who was never backward in making use of peopl«. put upon her, m I thought, before the week was out, and cot her to run on errands and all k'nds of things for hor, even to reshape ami tit her Suniliy dross— which Leah hid hnd foryenrn — in tho now tiptop Wnitoehapel fashion too wlii cli Buisy knew ill about of course, h-in;^ straight from London, where all the fashions oorae fro n. She was really one of tho family l-y tho en I of tho wei'k, qtiiiK at horn'!, an-l (rind £i3nh had not frightened her from i it whun they had tirst met in the open Btrtel. They all took to her, Leah and all, and I dou't remember Leah's taking to anyhndy before, male or femalo. Not tlmt Betsy oould aeo this, not understanding her so weil as we did, and thinking sho was always very cross and snappish, not guessing that if Lftah had not taken to her she would Uav : ' let her have it,' and screamed and yelled and jawed at her, as hIiu Imd done at other people whom she couldn't abide, as she had always 'lone at homo when put out by auy of us. Leah vras handy at making fishing nuts, and Butse Watson, handy atanythinq, looked on one day, helped her the next, anil at such a rale, tro, that my sistor aliuoit smilod. 'You're olever with your fingers,' said fihH. 'We are in Wh'teohap«l — some of them too clever,' shs added with a siijh, whioh w.is not easy to account for, ' No one can ho too clever,' said father. 'Oh? yes, thuy cm,' answered Betsy briskly ; ' too clever by half,' 'How's that ?' I said. ' Over clever people got into trouble, David,' she answered, ttuuightfuMy now ; 1 at least I have heard they do, Whiteohapel way.' 'And that's an affliction, Divirt, bny, that'll np.ver happen to you, ilopend on it,' said my father, at whioh everybody laughed, Jonathan tho loudest, because it did not take a great deal to ammfl him, poor little chap I How that tirst week slil awiv while Betsy Watson was ainom; us I — though I wan out of woik, and hated bei-g out of work, ' bij and lumpy' as tho -la I said I wns. Though dad did not m'.in ill he eaid about me. bless your hnart 1 Only his nas'y way when any thing disagreed witn him or when h n onimh was bad, aud shook all liin good quali'ies into his bad ones. Gracious, but the old man could couch when put to it I ' Coughs his hardest on purpose,' Leah always sutd, but that wa3n't quite correct ; though, when the whole bouse wis shaking, I used to think he (111 let loose a hit. The old dad was f'ud of Betsy, too, in his way ; sl.e could not play checkers — draughts as you may call it — when she 6rst came, but he taught her, and she he it him hollow before the week waB up. A.nd mother took to her, and poor Jonathan wpnt over hsad and ears in love with her — whinh wns silly, to say the least of it, a little helpless cove as ho was. By the end of the week we knew all about Betsy Watson, and what she h;id not told us herself at starting, Lsah kept asking her until she did. Hetsy worked iu a wholesale house Whiteohapel way ; ' gentleman's ties' and that ful-lal rubbish turned out by the ton, and nienninL' hard work, lone bonrs. and denoe of a little pay for it. The work had taken most ot the health and Btrength away from her before L hud first clapped eves on her. She had no mother — sh'. had died whi'ii Betsy was a little thing, not hiyher than thai sir. And tbe father? Ah ! here comes the story, and out it came all at once, when Leah was hiiraasing one eveninj!, and I was smoking a short pipu.it the oiieu door and listening to every word she said. Father and mother and Johnathan had all gone to bed, and the two women folk were sitting up late and working rather hird, [ remetnW it just as if it was yesterday, and I'm likely to remember that night surely. 'Yes, my father is alive,' she answered. 1 Then why didn't you say so before ?' said Leah. ' I didn't think it mattered to you, or any bo3y eloe, but in',' uhu sail, ay, and with .spirit too. ' Aud what's your father doiug, Betsy,' fjoah aHkeil . ' He's in David's lino.' ' You iloii't mem that.' ' I) p at the prisou yonder, working in the quarries, thit's whiirc father is,' said Botdy, sptakiuy vury quickly now, and it's us woll you should know it! L don't like keopiug anything bank ; t never did.' ' Bravo, Betsy !' I naid, putting my head 111 illj LI1U UUU1 111 UIIVUl lit''. UllU ^KMiig ujj nose au-ippod off for my paiiiH. ' Isn't it time you went to bed iustea 1 of lianzing ahout there at this time of tho night?' cried Will. ' What have you got to fit uu for? You havon't any work to do.' 'That's not my fault.' ' Yed, it. U,' Raid Loab ; 'you were never fond of work.' I Bhould have knocked anybody over who had told mo th'it outsido in L'ortWnd, but I doiild not do anything to Leah, not oven shikn her. it was not kind of her, but 1 said quietly : ' I can't make work.' Hure Kotsy bioko iu before Le.ih ooulcl nay anything elxu uupl Nisunt. ' I siioiikfliko U.ivid to know everything -ia wot! na pnn ' snn R:iitL * hecaUBQ L uan trust bim ahv-iys.' ' I'll uike« for sayin? as much, my lass,' I said back to her ; ' yes, you may trust me.' ' My father his been iu Portland prison oloso upon seven years,' she began, ' and he Ins seven yearB more to serve, lean the time struok off for iiis good oouduct. A long Hentence, isn't it ?' ' What's hi in for?' asked Leah, ' Housebreakiug.' ' It wasn't tho first or second timo, for him to cot looked up ao long,' wna Loan's opinion. ' Oh 1 no— he has hnen at it all his life,' said Betay quietly. ' I c in't reiiieintwr ever seeing my father. When he was not in prison, he waR always keeping out of the way of those who wanted to pnll him in it, Once or twice he c:ill«il to see mo when I was very little — hut I don't recollect.' ' Where were you V 1 Oh I ho paid people to tako euro of rco.' ' Thieves too, I'll bo bound,' said Loah. ' No ; honest people who did not kuow how father got his liviug. That's the odd thing .about my father, and it makes me love'him, spite of everything.' ' What's odd ahout him ?' ? That ho did all he could to keop me out of harm's way. He had an idea 1 should never know anything about him, aud that one day he would turn up a rich nun and t --1-n mn -j Krnnri t-n liitu liiViMfin t\T IT t.M!»l'.4 With never a soul the wisor. Very foolish !' she said with a sigh, 'aud this ia h i\v it ended ' * Just as it onghtto end,' was Leah's short answor ; ' I've uo liking for a lot of thieves. And if you have never aeen him — how do you know this ?' ' He writes to me from prison whon they allow him.' 'And he's awful sorry, of courBe. That's because they ri'ad his letters before they let them go,' said Leah. ?'[?can't say he's sorry. He never says he is.' 'Arid when his time is up — he'll thieve again?' 'Yes — vory likely.' ' Woll, he'a a uice brute to love', 1 mnst say.' ? FTo's ray father.' ' You U oetter nave ueeu ?wnnouc ono. 'Don't you love your father, Leah 1' she askoil. ' Can't say I do particular.'said Leah ; ' he's much too augravating to suit me. But, at all events, he's Inmost'; I couldn't do any thing but hate and spit upon a thief 1' 1 Yes, .Leah, I daro say you would,' replied Betsy, ' and 1 don't ask you to lovo mv father, or to pity him ; I know he waB very bad— 1 have read about him in the old news' papers, and there was nothing much to bo said for him. But still he does not fnrgot me— he writes to me— he'a sorry I've no mother~|to take ove nf me— and ho did tho boat he could in keeping ine away from' him when [ was young and he was bad. You sra hat?' ' I don't see anything grol in him.' ' I -lo, Betsy,' I said from the doorway ; 'nt 'least, it's my idea he might, have made life much worser for you — and much blacker for you.' . ..:? 1 You get out I' cried my sister ; ' your idea indeed? You never had one iu that thick head of yours that w.ie worth an ounce of sugar. Who cares for yourideas?' ' [ haven't asked anybody to care.* ' Then hold your uoisn,' said Leah ; ':do you think I'm sitting up to listen to your gabble?' : ? 'Ah, never mind her, David,' ciied Betsy at this moment : ' your sister is kinder than she cares to let U9 sec, aud she doesn't mean all she says.' ' Much yoii are likely to know about me,' answered Leah, sharply, at this. ' I do mean what I say — I should bu a poor creature if I didn't. And you, Betsy Watson, might have told us this before — knowing we aro honest people — and said what you had come for down right. Wo shouldn't V thought the worse of you for tcllinp: us the truth.' ' Ilere ! Lookee hero !' I began, when Betsy stopped me by holding up her hand and asking 'f she hivl not told tho truth — told more than there was any occasion for, considering' what she was iiii'l where she was. ' You said you came for your health, ' said Leah.' ' That's true enough, for I was very ill.' 'And you came for something else beside that. You can't look inn in the face, and say you didn't,' '.vent on my sister. ' I am goint; Kn tell ymi whit that some thing- else is.' ' I cm i/noss. To see your father ?' ' Yes. I have an onler from the Directors to Roe him the next visiting day, That's next We'lnes lay ' she answered. ? :\a if I didn't, ktuw what you wore at Portland for!' siid Leih, proul of hor 'outenps* — and she whb 'cute certainly. ' For mice in my lifn,' Ustay went on, ' 1 thought I would work extra hard to save money to bring iub here, aud iu working extra hard, I broke dowu a little.' 1 What do you want to see the wretch for ?' ' What wretch ?' ' Your father.' ' To see what he is like — to ask if I can do any good, or be of auy use when ho comeB nut.' ' You'd better let that alone,' said Leah. ' It's my duty, I fancy, now.' 1 Ah ! you're eaten up by fancy,' was my sister's last remaik. ' I Htipunse if he was to he let off you'd go to him, because it was your duty.' ' If ho asked me — I would go. Oh ! yes.' ' Though vou kuow he'a a bad nn ?' ' Yes.' ' And that there's uo chance to make him a good uu V 'Still— I'd fry.' ' And he'll drag you (.'own instead — that'B what it would come to.' ' No ; I should only die. That's all,' said Betsy. Leah uuudled her work logotherand pitched it in one corner, 'I haven't patienco with a bit of a thing like you a-talkinc like that !' she said as she walked off to beil. Betsy prepared to follow her, coming iirst to my side, as 1 stood smoking outside th« iloor. ' David,' she said ' have you patieucu with mv ?' ' O' course I have.' ' Thank yon. I am glad of it.' 'So am I. ' She hasn't,' jerkins; her little head toward tho stairs up which Leah had tramped, without much consideration for those already in bed aud fust asleep. ' Oh, you mu3n't mind her ' ' She wou't havo nny patii'tice, any mercy — as you will, David whun you arc tvyinsr to think the bust of me, and when you and she know ? ' ' What ? ' I asked, as .sho «unc to n Full atop. ' That I haven't told her everything-— Unit I've kept a. ^ooil deal hunk, she said, all of ;i Uutter now, anil not breathing at all regular. ' Have you thought ? ' ' Yi!s,' she said in a whisper. ' Well you're nnt bound to toll her anything — or me either,' I said, by way of cheering her uj- iv peg ov two. ' It's not our business.' ' No, it is not. That's where you are right, David — as you always are — dull a3 they think you,' she said. I was pleased at this. These were kind words from her to mo, and if others thought 1 was a fool, she did not, which was comforting. I said a little more. ' I'm only surprised you told her such a lot about yourself and father, Betsy. I wouldn't hare done it; just as if I'd been drove to it, too.' ' I was drove,' she answered, ' for she knew already. One of tiiosu tnou with the long coats and puxky capi was speaking to her yester.Uy, unl asking who I was.' ' What men?' ' lho men who ?ro Mways about here an 1 on tbe hills. The men wpo walk outside the prison, nii-ht and day, with guns,' bIio added with :. shiver, ' Oh, this warder ! I know.' 'And tho man have sun me walking out aide the prison, too, tor I've been outside, day after day, just as if there was some comfort in baing nearer to him.' 'Ah!' ' Do you think he is vory bad,' she asked, 'and quite past hope. Divic!? For it's all truth [ have told you {admit him and me.' ' I dare say there's many worse than tho — gentleman. Why not ?' Tl.is snemod to consolo her. for 8h« said after me, ' Why not?' and th^n wilkfld toward the stairs on tiptoe, stopping with her littlo foot upon the first one and looking at me aguin, so very strangely that I felt curdling and creepy. ' You will have patience with me, David, Don't forget,' she s:iM ; thanshu went liko a ghost, so quiet-like, to her own ronnj. (To be Concluded lit our Xexl.) 