THE BANK OF ENGLAND. (London Globe.) THE old lady of Threadneedle-street has been putting her house in order. Whether under the influence of a spirit of rivalry engendered by the new buildings and fine machinery of the kindred establishment on Tower Hill, or whether entirely stimulated by the exigencies of increased business, need not be determined ; but the Bank of England is just now the scene of unusual bustle and activity. What is practically a fine new entrance into the; building, has been recently opened up front Princess-street. It has been described as a new dog away. It is hardly this however. The door has always been there, and some of the very offer stagers on the establishment can remem- ber" its having been opened. A good many years ago. however, during some time of popular former 1, this entrance wasting tically abolished by building up inside is a ponderous mass, of brickwork and masonry. This has been removed, and access to the interior of the bank may now be had on the western side. Inside -the bank, term, there has been a considerable readjustment of offices. The public-¿rawing office, for instance, and the branch bank office have been transferred to the handsome and spacious ? room which formerly was the accountant's bank note office the office, that is to say, in which did bank notes are sorted and registered before being stored away in the dark vaults of the bank, where, for five years, they are packed away in little wooden boxes, something like plum-boxes, ready to appear, like so many accusing angels, against anybody who has made them the means of fraud. It is a little irregular to. have got down into this nether world of pecuniary ghosts so early in the course of an inspection of the bank ; but, now that we are none, it may save coin came down again if we look about us a little. . -There are probably people about to whom a region of veritable ghosts would be scarcely more fearsome than these gloomy, silent avenues, piled up high on either hand with these that He wooden receptacles. It is rather a startling idea that very possibly flashes upon the visitor as he moves amid these silent witnesses to so many monetary transactions that if during the past five years he has -scribbled his name and address across a Bank of England note, probably that signature is here, and that somebody may some day bring into the bank upstairs a note bearing the same number as that which he signed. Supposing the new arrival is sufficiently genuine in appearance to pass muster no doubt, rather a far-fetched supposition, unless it really is genuine within a few hours a clerk will take down as queer a looking ledger as ever went under the name, and will proceed to " post " the note. Then it will be seen that the proper place for a note of that date and that number has already been filled in. Something must be wrong. The new arrival may be a good note. In that case the other must be a forgery, and anybody whose name appears on it may expect communications. Any day something irregular in the history of one of these notes may bring down upon any of us the attentions of a detective, just as Mr. James Payn, in his " Lost Sir May singberd," makes the famous old Bow-street runner Townsend swoop down upon the simple old farmer who has quite innocently taken one or two of the notes traced to him from these gloomy vaults. A clear conscience is a pleasant possession as one trudged through these dark avenues by the glimmer of an old-fashioned lantern. And yet a rogue might persuade himself that he is safe enough amid this amazing store. The officials give you a little printed slip, from which it appears that in the course of five years the paid notes amount to 77,745,000 in number, and that they fill 13,400 boxes, which, if placed * side by side, would reach 21 miles. If the 5 notes were placed in a pile they would reach to a height of 5, miles, or if joined end to end they would form a ribbon 12,445 miles long. Their superficial extent is said to be rather less than that of Hyde Park. They weigh over 90 tons, and their original value was over ¿£1,750,020,000. The greatest of rogues might be inclined to find some comfort in the extent and intricacy of such a store of old paper. ". Of course, however, the)' are most systematic lily arranged, and any note of the 77,000,000 maybe pounced upon with the utmost celerity and precision. At the end of five years these old notes are thrown into a furnace specially constructed for the purpose and burned. It is a curious fact, however, that so firm in texture is the paper of a genuine Bank of England note that burn- ing alone can hardly destroy it. The authorities have in a little glazed frame the remnants of a note which was in the great fire of Chicago. Though completely charred and black, the paper still holds together, and the printing of the note is said to be sufficiently legible to establish its genuine- ness and to warrant its being cashed. There are some other notes here that were \- cashed after having gone down with the Eurydice a few years ago, and reduced to little better than pulp. Indeed, the scraps and fragments which sometimes come into the bank to be cashed have a really ridiculous appearance. On the occasion of a recent visit, for instance, the officials had under examination a number of fragments of discoloured paper, none much bigger than a sixpence, and when put together, presenting to the unskilled eye not the slightest resemblance to a note. And yet it was pretty confidently asserted that the paper would be cashed. It is beneath the dignity of the Bank of England to take, or even to appear to take, advantage of accidents to their notes, and if there is any possibility of establishing the identity of one of them, it is sure to be duly honoured. Even where a note is entirely destroyed, proper evidence of the fact of destruction will be accepted and payment made. A lost note will in some cases be paid, and there is one occasion recorded upon which the liberal attitude of the directors in a case of this kind involved them in a loss of £30,000. A bank director declared that he had lost a note for that amount, Emil upon his giving an indemnity for the MIHI in the event of the note ever turning up the money was paid to him. Many years after his death an unknown person presented the missing note. The paper was undeniably good, and the bank had no alternative but to cash it, as it was payable to bearer on demand, and as the heirs of the bank director who had lost it repudiated all liability, the money could not be recovered. The collection of forged notes which have been stopped at the counters, and have been accumulated in a kind of scrap book, is very interesting even to those who have no intention of embarking in this line of enterprise. To the great fraternity of forgent-said to have been entirely evolved so far as bank notes are concerned since the year 1708 - probably no volume extent would alibi d half the interest of this curious collection. But we are fairly above ground again, and somewhere nearer the point at which any methodical account of the bank's paper currency ought to have commenced. However methodically disposed may be the stranger who should thoroughly inspect the Bank of England, he will probably soon relinquish all attempts at method in arranging his ideas. it is a most bewildering place, and the stranger cannot, on the whole, do much better than give himself up to his guides will take things as they present themselves to his notice. He will probably leave the establishment with a grand jumble of ideas, in which piles of coin and bundles of bank notes, and barrows of bullion, and whirling machinery, and extensive visits of clerks will be the main details, and if in any attempt to describe what he has seen there is no little confusion, his account may be accredited with the greater resemblance. Of course the place is not in confusion. Order is the bank's first law and everything is rigidly systematic, but the impression brought away by most strangers especially if they have penetrated into some of the more obscure nooks and corners of the vast building will be of the utmost be- wilderment and confusion. We have not space in this article to describe the beautiful new machinery for printing bank notes which has just been set up and is now throwing off these dainty fettle works of art with a rapidity never before attained. 