Wanted, Three Aldermen. TOUCHING those three vacancies in the Council—is anybody willing to sacrifice him- self on the altar of his town for the sake of filling one of them ? Most people that have said anything so far have said that they "don't know," and "they haven't made up their mind," or they'll "think about it and let you know," or they "don't want to make enemies," or "what's the good of it anyhow ?" and so forth. Still we cannot go through a municipal year with a committee of six. There are the empty chairs round the much thumped table, and somebody will have to sit in them. Wise managers of other folks' business solemnly assure us that "we want some new blood, you know ; things are too slow and unchanging ; and we want a McElhone to liven things up a bit." Heaven save the mark, if that head- long torrent of irresponsible mischief were poured down upon our devoted Council. Something with more brains and very much more sense than that wild slip of disordered humanity is possessed of, is required. Men who work in spasms are little use. If any good is done for a town or for a country it is found to have been done by the steadily persistent men. There is no time in the history of a town when there is nothing to be done, and cer- tainly no one outside Gladesville would say there is nothing to do for Singleton. If therefore men with a capacity for work can be found for aldermanic honors ; let the town make haste to secure them. It is probably that the men who are elected for 1883 will have some most important matters to deal with, foremost amongst which will be the water supply, which now seems to hang fire most wofully. Why does not Mr. Bowman wake up the slow coaches of the circumlocution office, and make them push along this necessary work ? Are we to be satisfied for ever with the knowledge that a water scheme is not only possible but practicable, and let it rest at that? What is the good of the very best scheme in the world until it becomes a reality? In such a climate as this what luxury is comparable to abundance of water conveniently situated for instant and constant use ? But apart from luxury look at the healthy aspect of the question. For common cleanliness' sake the water must be had, and in time a good scheme of water supply might make a very difficult question easy of solution. This brings us to another of Singleton's long-neglected wants. It is absolutely dis- graceful that this town, one of the oldest in the colony, does not possess a night-cart. This suggests the state of sanitary affairs here without going into offensive details. The alderman know well enough what the absence of such an "institution" means, and taken in connection with the fact that our drainage system, such as it is , only contemplates the carrying off of compara- tively harmless surface water in time of rain, it will be understood what sort of foul foundation has been forming under this flat for the last thirty or forty years. But this is a question which the Council has hitherto shelved in the most barefaced manner. People who go round a corner at a pace faster than a walk are subject to pains and penalties, others who allow to grow in their back yards, weeds which suck up some of the rank poisons steamine to the surface, are liable to be hauled before the courts ; but the placid owners of primeval stores of partially hidden filth are honest and law- abiding citizens upon whom it would be villainous to inflict punishment. "Out of sight, out of mind " seems to be the motto with our aldermen. At all events no one seems to have the courage to deal with this vile adomination, which is as unnecessary as it is vile. But of what are the ratepayers representatives afraid ? Is it through fear lest they should lose their seats ? Then let us say it were better to lose them in an honourable warfare against filth, than to continue to dishonorably hold them as champions of uncleanliness. Are they afraid to do their duty because their neighbours may hurt them in their business or calling? If so they are plainly out of place. If they have not the courage to do their manifest duty they have no right to aspire to and occupy the positions of repre- sentative men. They should count the cost to their business or calling before entering the Council. Is it because they don't like to be bothered ? Then are they in as bad a case as before. ? in for an honour- able position without fulfilling the onliga- tions attaching thereto is very like obtaining something under false pretences. The world is never on the look out for lazy men. On the contrary they are found choking up all the avenues of labour. But capable, industrious and faithful men are always in demand, whether as managers of institutions, of town affairs, of a country, or of an empire. Of course we do not expect everything to be done at once, but, as to this great sani- tary question, what we complain of is the want of the ghost of a sign of any disposi- tion on the part of the Council to do any- thing at all. It seems to be hopelessly and irretrivably shelved ; it is a dirty grievance, and the alderman will have nothing to do with it. But what are they for ? If they will do nothing who can ? They are ap- pointed to manage and regulate the affairs of the town for the benefit of the citizens, to have a watchful care over their health, as well as over their property, and to busy themselves about something else besides merely passing pay-sheets and providing for the expenses of keeping graved on the streets and grass out of the gutters. The past year has witnessed the hiding of the various open drains of the borough, and the purchase of a cricket ground for the town. And thus mainly the surplus revenue has been expended, and the town account is a few hundred pounds overdrawn. To some it will be quite sufficient to point to this state of the finances as a reason why more has not been done. But this is just where the mistake is made. Why should the town be always expected to pay cash down for its permanent improvements ? Why not borrow ? Look at our footpaths. We know they are as good as the overseer can make them with the material he has, but who will say that the material is suitable in the raw state in which it is used? For asphalting, nothing perhaps could be better than the river gravel ; but the shifting pathways we now have to endure are little better than a torture. For dry and dusty weather not the least provision has been made to keep the dust in the roadway instead of flying in clouds wherever the wind lists ; and in case of fire the town is innocent of the slightest protection, as far as the Council has provided for it. A site dedicated for a market has been otherwise appropriated, as though the bare idea of a market in Singleton were mere nonsense. The long-felt want of a new street to cut some of the tiresome cross streets, and give more direct access to "The Flat," is amongst the many long-hoped-for things which have been shelved. The Common has been the scene of an ineffec- tual attempt to destroy the prickly pears ; but everything else in connection with that neglected spot of 2000 acres remains as be- fore, no attempt being made to have the useless timber removed and the pasture improved, and no desire shown to make the Common either more attractive, useful or remunerative. Truly, those who imagine that all aldermanic work in Singleton has been done are labouring under a grave mistake. Should the proposed annexation of the river, railway, and White's lane frontages, with the intervening land, take place as is now proposed, there will be enough to occupy aldermanic attention and wisdom for many years to come, and there will then be some chance of having our grossly neglected river attended to. It has more than once been shown how vastly this river might be made to improve the attractiveness and con- veniences of the town if we only had men willing to bravely take the matter in hand, and how we might have a broad, deep and excellent reach of water, full of fish, instead of a pony and useless brook. We stop here, not because the list of good things that may and ought to be done for Singleton by her public men is exhausted, but because we have said quite enough to convince any ordinary mortal that those who are chosen for aldermanic honors at the action and energy and ability. Let the ratepayers remember that if they elect drones they elect them for three long years to the exclusion of better men. Many of those who have sat in the Council in the past, and some who sit there now, would have done a great deal more for the town if the drones had not constantly acted as a drag on them. The ratepayers have a duty to per- form in sending men into the Council — they should not be content with merely electing aldermen, but should take care to see that they do the work for which they are elected. G. R. 