T11E MELBOURNE PRESBY- 1 TERY. All adjourned muting of tho jrelhourno Pres bytery was held nt 10 o'clock yesterday morning at .Chalmers Cliurcli, Eastcrn-bili, for tlio pur- posS of considering business in connection with tho resignation of tho Rer. Charles strong and other matters. Thcro was a good attendance of the members of tho Presbytery, and a large num ber of lay members of the church, both male and female, wero also present, tho building being "well filled throughout the day. The Key. A. Hardie, moderator of the Presbytery, presided. The proceedings baring been opened with the usual devotional nxercises, the minutes of tho last meeting were read by the Rer. J. Eallantyne, clerk of the Presbytery. THE PROSECUTION OF THE REV. 0. STRONG. Mr. Thomas Eailiie, n representative of the .Scots' Clmrcli congregation, objected to a state ment on tho rainut.s that a certain memorial which was presented at last meeting, and which ex pressed regret at the circumstances which had led up to the resignation of tho Kev. Mr. Strong, was presented by the Scots' Church District Society. Tho fact was that the memorial had emanated from a number of poor people in tho back alums .who had benefited by the interest which the Rev. Mr. Strong exhibited in their spiritual wel fare. The clerk replied that tho memorial was dedi cated to " the Presbytery of Melbourne, from the Soots' Church District Society.'' The minutes were then confirmed. Tnn order' of nusiNKs-;. The clerk read the order of business, as follows : — L Communication from the Rev. Mr. Shearer, of Perth. 2. A memorial from thccotigrcgation of North WiUiamatown. 3. Call from Dotiillqoiti to tho Kev. Mr. Mackle. 4. Report of Dr. M'Donaldoa chairman of tho meeting nt'Scota Church, which was held in connection with the resignation of tho Ilcv. 0. Strong; 6\. Commissioners from tho congregation to the pros bytery. 0. Memorial from tho members of the Scots' Church District Society. 7. Rev. D. S. M'Kachrau'n motion on the charges' which ho has to bring against the Rev. C. Strong. Da; a'bOXAll/S REPORT. The minor matter comprised in tho first tbrco orders ou the paper having been disposed of, The Rev. Dr. Kl'Donnld said he had, in accor dance with the instructions ho had received from the presbytery, convened a meeting of tho, Scots' Church congregation to consider the proposed resignation of their minister, the Rev. Charles Strong. The meeting was held on Friday night last, but there was really not much to do, because there were no questions so far as he (Dr. Kl'Donald) understood, that could be raised except the one question 03 to whether the con gregation did or did not consent to the resigna tion of their minister. No ono had opposed the resignation. There were now gentlqmen present to reprcsenfcthe various autho rities in connection with the Scots' Church. Tho congregation agreed that the resignation should be accepted by the presbytery. They made no denial ; they raised no question. Ho might add that it had beeu his lortuno many times to meet congregations of that church in connection with matters of interest to them. It hud been his duty more than once to intimate the death of ministers. Rut in looking hack on his experience as a member of that presbytery and a minister of the Presbyterian Church, he could say that he never took part in any proceedings charac terised by deeper soriow, by greater unanimity —(applause)— by greater affection for the minis ter— (loud applause)— or by conduct more proper in every respect — (renewed applause). The moderator remarked that tho present pro ceedings wero of u most painful nature — the severance of a pastor under auy circumstances was a sore thing, and he did hope those present would restrain their feelings a little, so that they might give calm and collective consideration to the subject. Dr. M'Donnld proceeded to say that at the meeting of tho Scots' Church cougrcgation ou Friday evening, a very great deal of self-restraint was exercised ; there was no attempt to make any noisy demonstration, and he hoped tbe friends preseut would take tho hint given by tho moderator. When lio arrived at Scots' Church on the evening in question he had found tho leading members of the congregation in session, and they had agreed to tho important paper which would be submitted presently by commis sioners from the congregation', who wero now hi attendance. Three separate bodies were repre sented at the meeting to which bo referred, namely, tho session, tho trustees of the Scots' Church property and tho board of management. At tho request of the moderator, the represen tatives of the congregation who were preseut rose. Mr. Baillie, one of the delegates, stated that neither he nor any of bis colleagues intended to . make any remarks. He would simply read a document which hud been agreed to, and which contained the views of the session, tho trustees, tho committee of management and the congrega tion on the subject. Ho then read as follows : — At & mooting of tho congregation of the Scots' Church, Melbourne, held In the church on tho even in? of Friday, 14th September, J883, nt 8 o'clock, Kev. Dr. M'DofioJd, moderator, the following resolution was adopted That commissioners from the congre gation bo appointed to attend the next meeting of the presbytery, and to inform the presbytery that tho congregation have received the intimation of Mr. Strong's resignation with profound sorrow and regret. That during tho eight years of his ministry, his labors have been most acceptable and highly appreciated, and the congregation gratefully acknowledge thnt by his ability, earnestness and zeal they have utt-j inert to a degree of prosperity and efficiency unexampled in their history. That ho has endeared himself to all classes of tho congregation, more especially to the young, by whom lie is beloved and rovereu. That he coutinues to c»»joy the confluence uf his flock. and that tho relations between him and them arc of tho roost cordial and harmuuious character. That tho congregation rejoice that they havo been privileged to co-operatc with him in his labors of iovo among tho sick, the poor, tho outcast and tho fallen of tho city. That while deeply regretting the loss which Mr. strong's removal will entail upon the congrcgatiou, and, as they believe, upon, the church and tho community generally (a loss which thev have .unsuccessfully tried to avert), the congregation, in deference to Mr. Strong's desire to ieavo'thc Presby terian Church of Victoria, and for no other reason, re luctantly acquiesce in his request that his resignation be accepted. It was further resolved that the com missioners shall be the members of the kirk session ; the trustees, tho members of the board of manage ment; and Messrs. Win. Gumming, James Orkney, J. 8\. Johusnn, George Martin, Dr. Wilkin, Win. Smith, \Vm. Craig and Francis Graham.— (Signed for and on bobalf of tbe congregation), Thomas Baillie, Chair man of tho Board of Management. Melbourne, ISth September, 1333. Tbe resolutions were rocoived. tub memorial in favor of mr. strong. The memorial in favor of tbe Rev. Mr. Strong, which was referred to at tbe opening of the meet ing, and which has already been published, was then read by the clerk, who on behalf of the presbytery expressed regret that the document Lad not come up in the usual formal way. It was also regretted that tbe memorial contained tome statements which might be questioned, but the presbytery had thought it would be only right to give every reasonable advantago to the memorialists. The clerk, in answer to a question, stnted.that tho memorial was signed by 03 persons. Mr. Baillie said ho was perhaps technically wrong in st ting that tbe mouiorial did not pro- coed from the Scots' Church District Society, but most of thoso who signed it were illiterate people, not one of whom was a member or seat- holder of Scots' Church. They were persons who, through tbe iniiuenco of Mr. Strong, and through his influence alone, had been brought to hear tho Gospel, and he (Mr. Baillie) thought tho presbytery, under the circumstances, might make some allowance if their memorial were not expressed in altogether proper form. The memorial was received. . tub ciiaroes against mr. strong. The Moderator stated that tbe Rev. P. S. M'Eachran would now submit his charges against tho Rev. Cbasr Strong. Tbe Rev. 'Groundwater Frosor protested against this matter lieing proceeded with until utter the resiguatiou had been dealt with. (Ap plause.) The Moderator replied that, it was utterly im possible to euter into the question of the resigna tion, while such charges as those to be brought by Mr. Kl'Encbran wero pending. Moreover tbe presbytery had agreed to the order of procedure, and it could not now be departed from, Mr. Hay submitted tlmt he could not under stand the moderator's ruling. They had already disposed of several items of business, and why couldn't they continue, and determine upon the resignation ? Tho Rev. A. Yule supported the chairman's ruling. Tho Rev, W. G. Frasor rose to explain. Mr. J. M. Balfour protested against Mr. Fraser . ' being again hoard on this question. In reply to the Rev. Mr. Hay, the Mode rator said he would certainly insist that Mr. M'Eachran should be heard at the pre sent stage. It would bo totally opposed to the ordinary nmclico to consider the resignation whilst such charges as were to bo brought for ward were hanging over the Rev. Charles Strong's head. They had to keep within the rules. The resignation bad not eveu been read yet. He was perfectly helpless in tbe matter, and could only abide by the accepted order of business. The Rev. Mr. Hay : It is quite competent for me to move a resolution. The moderator : Certainly. Tho Rev. Mr. Hay : Then I move that the resignation of the Rev. Charles Strong he not ac cepted. Tho Moderator : The only motion you can more is ono disagreeing with my ruling. The Rev. Mr. Hay : Then I move that. (Ap plause. ) Mr. W. K. Thomson seconded the motion, which on being put was negatived by a large ma jority. The Roys. \Y. G. I'raser anil Hay en tered their dissent, on tbe ground that the busi ness relating to the resignation should have beeu proceeded with. The Rev. D. S. M'Eachran then rose tobringfor- wnrd tbe charges he bad inado against tbe Rev. Charles Strong at tho preceding meeting of the presbytery. He charged him with promulgating and publishing unsound doctrine, both by his action in connection with the recent lecture of Mr. Hivinbotiiam and otherwise : also, with being guilty of teaching and conduct tending, to destroy the order,' unity and peace of tho church: also, with. failure to assert, inaintiin and defend the doctrine of the church, when it was in hispower to do so ; and further with failure to comply with the instructions of the presbytery to give promi nence in bis (etching to the Incarnation, tbe atoning life and death and the resurrection and ascension of our Lord. The duty of bringing this mattor before the presbytery had been laid upon him by a number of the most respected ministers and olders of that court, and he dared not shrink from it. (Hear, hear.) The outrage committed on the conscience of the community by tho deli- | very of Mr. ILigmbotbam's lecture in Scots' Church was such that if tbey did not call Mr, Strong to account for it they would ie guilty of moral cowardice and unworthy of tho position tbey occupied as rulers io the bouse of God. The cose bad been altered considerably by Mr. Strong's action 1q sending in his resig nation, but still thero was no reason why the church should not deal with him and vindicate themselves before tho church and the world. Passing over soioo of the errors of tbe lecture— for be conld not be expected to to deal with the whole of thorn— bo would come at once to the great matters in respect. of which tbe lecturer was in direct opposition to tbe Scriptures. Ho would deal first with the state ment made by Mr. Higiabothum to tbe effect tlmt tho Goopcls bad come to us by tradition only, and that their general accuracy depended upon " tbe uncertain testimony of slippery me mory." lie admitted there was some grains of truth in this extraordinary statement-, because not more tbun two of Christ's immediate fol lowers committed to writing His remembered words, and it was true that no biogrupby of Christ was written while Ho was upon cartb. But that surely was not to be wondered nt ; tbey were not in tho habit of writing biographies of men while tbey were yet among us, and so like wise it was not until after Christ's death that the biographies they had of Him in the four Gospels wero written. These were tbe only grains of truth in the statemeut which he had quoted from the lecture. All tbe rest was a tissue of most baseless assump tions, which tho lecturer had skill ully weaved together for tho purpose of throwing discredit upon the accuracy of the Gospel narratives. Tito Gospels were written by men who were fully cognisant of the things of which they wrote ; they were written by eye witnesses, who went in and out with Jesu9 during his wholo public ministry, nnd they bore upon the face of them the stamp of truth. Christ had expressly pro mised to guard Hia apostles against a " slippery memory" when be promised that the Holy Spirit should be given to them to " lead the in unto all truth"— 11 10 roach them all things, and bring all things to their remembrance whatsoever He nnd said unto them." As to Air. Higinbotham's re marks on the creation and full of man, be had altogether misrepresented tho teaching of the churches : for uo church in the world would teach that death did not exist on the earth 'before tho creation of man. Tbe lecturer hod represented Christ as diligently seeking and dis covering the truth for himself, and ho spoke of tbe truth which Christ taught as a philosophy. Not only was Christ, according to the lecturer, a mere philosopher, but He was a fallible philo sopher also, who made mistakes which the lec turer considered himself able to correct. It was truo that thcro was a profound philosophy In all that Christ taught; it was the very wisdom of God. But Christ never represented Himself as a philosopher. He spake us never roan spake; He spake with authority us u tcnriicr come from God. lie claimed to bo able to speak of heavenly things because Uo wuo in heaven at tho very time He was on earth. Christ, according to tbe locuircr, was no longer to be their trust and confidence and worship ; He was to bo their pat tern model and example— nothing more. A more direct denial of the deity of the Lord thero could not well be, for notwithstanding ull that the evangelists had told them aboi\£ Christ, yet in the i'uee of ull that, as well as iu the fuco of the whole Bible and the living Christianity of Christendom, the lecturer presumed to toil them that " the representation of God in the likeness of man is no longer possible in uuy shape." But the lecturer placed himself in a dilemma by tho acknowledgement that Christ "led a sublime life." He (the Rev. Mr. M'Kaeiinwi) believed that He did so, and that Uo was really the son of God. If He did not speak the truth when claim ing to be the Son of God lie was a deceiver and impostor, and He could not have led "a sublime lifo," hut must have been one of the worst and wickedest of men. On the other hand, if He spake the truth, then the wondrous and glorious fact remained that God was rondo in the likeness of man for ever andever. Thelecturcrnlsocousidcred that the contre and excellency of Christ's teach ing consisted in His having taught that God was a spirit, and that wo ought to lovo God and one another. That was a law which was written on thp hearts of nil men, and if that was not the case tbe heathen could have no sin, 11 for where there is no law there is no transgression." But the chief truth which Christ taught— tho truths of revouled as distinguished Irooi natural reli gion—the peculiar and distinctive truths of Christianity which constituted the sum and essence of thnt gospel of tho grace of God which alone can save men, were all set aside by tbo lecturer us of no importance. Such was tho teaching of tho lecturer, and for tho delivery of the lecture ho held that Mr. Strong was re sponsible. (A voice: No.) No doubt tho lecturer told them that although Mr. Strong brought him to the Scots' Church "yet he was not responsible for a word that he uttered," But- Mr. Higinbothau informed his audience that it was at tbe request of Mr. Strong that ho had de livered the leoturc : that Mr. Strong asked him to select a particular subject, and gave him such liberty to speak out his whole mind that Jio did not hold himself responsible for a word that he should utter. Further, Mr. Strong tonde no protest after tbe lecture was delivered, but, on the contrary, thanked Ins Honor for the obliga tion under which he bad laid him in delivering the lecture. Rutting all the facts together, ho held that Mr. .Strong could not free himself from responsibility in regard to the lecture, and if that wero so, then lie held that his first three charges were proven. In tho first placo, in lift- ing up no protest against tho lecture when it was delivered, he was guilty of failure to assert, maintain and defend tbe doctrine of the church when it was in Ills power to do so ; in the second place, in bringing Mr. Higinbotham to deliver that lecture, and in thanking 'him for it after it was delivered, he was guilty of conduct tending to destroy the order, unity and peace of the church ; and in the third place, he was acces sory to the promulgating and publishing of here tical and unsound doctrine. It was, too, u re markable fact that tho published teaching of Mr. Strong was precisely in the line of the teaching of the lecture. The lecturer had spoken out plainly, so that no one could misunderstand his meaning : hut in doing so he had only said clearly and distinctly what Mr. Strong had again and again said dimly and unambiguously. (Dissent.) Mr. Strong bad not gone so far us Mr. Higinbotham in plniuly denying the inspira tion of tho Scriptures, but his teaching on that subject pointed precisely in the same direction. The whole drift of his teaching was to lower tho written Word of God in tho esteem of men, and to shake the faith of men in its infallible truth and its divino authority. On the deity of the Lord, also, tbe teaching of Mr. Strong was precisely in the line of that of the lecturer. Tbe first intimation they received of this was some six years ago, when Dr. M'Croa published a letter lauding Mr. Strong for preaching "tho true divinity of Jesus." On tho point of revealed religion in general, Mr. Strong's views were again in accord with those of the lecturer. In none of Mr. Strong's published writings did he (Mr. M'Eachran) find a clear and explicit statement of tbe deity of the Lord, of His propitiatory sacrifico and Hia resurrection from the dead. The sum and substance of His teachings appeared to be judged from his pub lished writings, thnt .lesus had taught them that God was a father, that all men wero brethren, and that they should love God and one another ; but, as tiiey had already seen, that was precisely the creed of the lecturer. That ho was not mis representing Mr, Strong was plain from the fact that the presbytery, with regard to his article on the Atonement, bad admonished liiui henceforward to give prominence in his teachings to tho Incarnation, tho atoning life and death and tho resurrection and ascension of our Lord, All these things went to show that Mr. Strong was in sympathy with the lecture ; and, if so, his responsibility for its delivery was immensely increased. He was found getting another man to say plainly what he had not the courage nor tbe manliness to say plainly himself. (Loud and continued hisses from the body of the church, with cries of Shame and applause. ) Mr. M'Eachran : No hissing will move me from what I havo said. (Renewed hissing and criesof Shame.) The moderator rose to order. The Rev. D. M'Konzie said if this conduct were repeated he would move that tho court bo.' cleared. Tho Moderator hoped such a motion would not ho required- " Tho presbytery desired that the congregation should have an opportunity of hearing and seeing everything, but they could not permit such interruptions as had just been made. It any persons were again guilty of such improper conduct he hoped he would hq-mointed out, and he (the moderator) would call such per sons to order. A member of the presbytery, to Mr. M Each ran : Say it again. The Rev. Mr. M'Eachran : No, no. It might he said that Mr. Strong had disavowed tho lec ture in a sermon in the Scots' Church, but this ! disavowal had not come until three weeks after the lecture, when all the mischief was done. But the disavowal, moreover, was not a disa vowal, but was an apology for the lecture. The very apology lie made showed he was in sympathy with the lecture. As to tbe charge that Air. Strong had been guilty of teaching and conduct tending to destroy the order, unity and peace of the church it seemed to him that that was the work in which he had been engaged ever since he came to tho colony. He had fully admitted that he bad been a dis turber of the peace, and had pleaded in justi fication that he was a reformer and that all re formers must disturb the peace of the body with which they wero connected. Ho was, therefore, ' to be regarded as another Luther. (Loud ap plause.) . > Mr. Balfour called attention to tho fact that it was utterly put of order to express either ap proval or disapproval of remarks xuado. The Moderator again expressed a hope that it j would not be nccessaiy to clear the court. Mr. H. R. Roid : This presbytory has already suffered sufficiently through sitting with closed doors. I hope it will not be attempted ou this occasion. (Loud applause.) The Rev, S. Robinson : We are anxious to keep the doors open, if you will allow us : Imt we shall have to close them if yoQ persist in this course of conduct. Tho Rev. Mr. M'Kachrftn continued by saying that although Mr. Strong said ho was a reformer, there was a difference between him and Luther. The latter reformed by sweeping away tho tradi tions of men, and going back to the Scriptures as ' tbe only rule of faith and conduct. Mr. Strong would reform by introducing tho philosophy of men, and unsettling men's minds as to the truth and authority of the written Word, and by send ing them back uguin to tho miserable and impos sible doctrine of justification by works, and by eliminating from tbe Atonement the pro pitiatory sacrifice of tbe Lord. Luther nailed up bis 95 theses on the fate of tbe church at Wittenberg, He would like to see Mr. Strong nail up on the fate of tbe'Scots' Church tho theses which be was prepared to maintain. (Applause. ) Mr. Strong had introduced, for the purpose of being sung by his congregation, 24 hymns, which were as destitute of Christianity as the books of the State schools, One of tho hymns certainly was an. invocation to the Holy Ghost, lint it was not Christian in its touc, and might have beeu sung by Mr. Murtincuti. He bad also in troduced for the teaching of children a Jh'R.t 'Christ uu hut he (Mr. M'Eachran) thought it might much mora, fitly bo called a first Unitarian Catechism. There was not a word in it with regard to Jesus being the Son of God. Ho had now en deavored to perform the painful and weighty duty which had been imposed upon him. Ho knew the storm of obloqny'und ahuse which his conduct in this respect would tiring down on his head. He knew the low and base feelings which would he- attributed to them by men who could not appreciate high motives, nnd who judged others by themselves, and bo know tho turmoil into which the church would he cast probably for many a long day, and the alieunlions and heart burnings which would be produced in conse quence. But those considerations should not move them. A crisis had arisen in tbo church, by far the greatest that had yet come uoon it, and woo would bo with them if they did not now defend tho Gospel. Tbo glory of God and tho good of their fellow men demanded that, they should act with decision new, or they might well fear that ibo judgment threatened against tho Church of ftpbesuu would come upon them, and their candlestick bo removed from its place. So fared it with the Piesbyterian Church of Eng land in the last century, anil so it might fare with their church if they did not purge oat that leaven of the Sadducccs which had begun to work among them. There wero plain indications — witness the bringing out ,of Mr. Moncnre Con way — that sooner or later tbe battle must come, and better that it should corno now when tho church was in the main sound than that it should come at a later period when tbo leaven had had time to work more extensively. Rotter that they should use their iuterest to root up tho deadly upas tree while it was yet young than wait till it was grown nnd spread its withering shadows over nil their congregations. Tbey would bo false to themselves, to their glorious ancestry, to the people over whom they were eet and to all the churches whose common Christianity was assailed if they did not set themselves with calm but fixed resolve to clear tbeir churto from all complicity in the teachings of unitarianism. lie bad tried to do hia part and he now left the matter in the bauds of the presbytery in tho fullest confidence that they would not fail to do their part. (Applause.) The Rev. S.Robinson said he was fully sensible of tbo solemn responsibility that rested upon them at that moment. Ho thought they would all acknowledge thnt Mr. M'Eachran' spoke the truth when he said they had reached n great crisis in the history of their church. He was not surprised to see the high tone of earnestness and nnxiety adopted by Air. M'Eachran in his speech. It was what he expected of hioi niter the abuse to which ho was subjected in the daily press, an«l in the weekly nnd monthly press. Ho (Mr. Robinson) hoped that in the discussion which was to follow self restraint would be exercised, and tlmt they would look this matter in the face with earnestness. If that were dono ho was persuaded that neither the interests of the church norof religion would suffer, whatovcr might bo tbe finding. He then proposed the fol lowing motion : — That the charges now made arc of such a pravo anrt serious character as to require further investigation, ami as the Kev. diaries Strong is thereby accused — among other things— of heresy, the presbytery re solve, in tbe first place, to call upon Mr. Strong " to give full and explicit answers," to such " questions bearing on the points involved In the accusation" us the prMbytcry shall determine. Farther, that the presbytery determine to ask the following questions with such others as it may decide upon 1. Do you believe and teach the proper Deity of the Lord Jesus Christ? Do you believe and teach that the Son of Guil who became mnn in Jesus Christ, existed from all Eternity as the second person of the Trinity, and was very God, of one substance and equal with the Fa '.her V 3. Do you believe anrt teach that there is a diffrrcnco In kind, not merely a diilerenceof degree between tbe incarnation of God iu (Jurist and the iisuv/eUin,r of God in Christians ? 4. Do yon believe and teach that iko miracles recorded In the Gospels are veritable facts of history ? 5, Do you believe and teach that the Lord Jesus Christ- was not born by ordinary generation, but was conceived bv the power of tho "Uoly Spirit and born of the Virgin Mary? 6. Do yon believe that, as narrated in John's Gospel, Lazarus died unil was hurled at Bethany, und that our Lord did tfwn cull him hack to lifo? 7. Do you believe and leach that our Lord Jesus Christ Was crucified, dead and buried, thnt lfe rose again from the dead on tho third «lav, leaving the tomb empty ; und that He thereafter visited ami upaku with Ilinapostles and other disciples? S. Doyoti heiiovo und teach that the risen Lord AMiriirted to "Heaven from the presence of His disciples, and that He now nnd ever livcth, and cau hear tlie pnivers of HD people and make inter- cesrion for them? P. Do von believe and teach that Jesus Christ la tho propitiation for our sins , that by Hia Hfo and death He satisfied God and made recon ciliation tor men ? 10. Do you believe and teach that tho Holy Spirit is In the same sense and equally with the Eternal Sen, n person ol tho Holy Trinity, and not u more divine influence?" Tiro Rev. A. Yulo seconded tbe motion pro fovmti. The Rev. Mr. Abernethy inquired whether in addition to tbe pulling of interrogatories to Mr. Strong a libel was also to be instituted. The Moderator : We have not yet reached tho stage of a libel. Tli e Rev. Mr. Abernethy : Then are wo to un derstand that if Mr. Strong answers the questions satisfactorily tlmt settles the whole question ? The Moderator : If tho presbytery adopt this motion, and the questioos are satisfactorily answered by Mr. Strong, the whole matter will be at an end. If the questions are not satis factorily answered then you must go oa to the judicial process of libel. The Rev. Mr. Hay rose amidst prolonged ap plause. Tb« Moderator said the court must be allowed to deliberate in silence, and if tbe audience would persist in manifesting any feeling they must run the risk of being excluded. The Rer. Mr. Hay expressed pleasure at hear ing Kir. M'Eachrnn say that be fully realised the responsibility of his position when he charged a brotherminister with perverting the truth. But he was very much in doubt as to whether Mr. M'Each ran did fully realise his responsibility, lor he had omitted to make any de6uite charges, which was one of his chief responsibilities in tho matter. He would not trouble himself to make a long speech, because he hud learned that a private meeting had been held by some members of the Presbytery — (applause) — that they had arranged the order of tho speakers, the order of procedure — (applause)— -and so many members were in at tendance at that meeting that ho felt it would be perfectly useless for him to enter into any lengthy discussion, because no mutter what he might say he was sure to be outvoted. Hedid not complain of tbe members of the Presbytery having a private meeting and arranging ull these matters ; but when this was done he thought any other member of the Presbytery was justified in standing aside aud simply entering a protest. He intended to propose a motion which was a direct negative, us follows : — That the charges brought by Mr. M'Eaehnui are not grave enough to justify them in Instituting mi in quiry iu tho matter. Kir, M'Eachran had endeavored to make Mr. Strong responsible for all that Mr. Higinbotham had said in his lecture, notwithstanding thai both Air. Higinbotham aud Mr. Strong had denied that there was any foundation for tho statement, Mr. M'Kachmn's charge, that Mr. Higinbotham was brought to the church to say what Mr. Strong had not the courage and man liness to say, was equivalent to saying that Mr. Justice Higinbotham, a gentleman of the highest and most estimable character, and holding one of the highest positions in the land, would condescend in an underhand way to do for Mr. Strong what he had not the courage to do himself. Mr. Justice Higinbotham would never be guilty of such a mean action, oven if Mr. Strong would have any complicity in it, which he would not. Such an imputation was meanness itself. (Loud ap plause.) He hoped there would ho no disturb ance or any kind, because he knew very well what, tho result would be— they would he all turned out directly. (Laughter.) They must not oxpreas any approbation of his remarks, because he knew the urrangoraent for clearing tbe court would be carried out The Moderator protested against this insinua tion. The presbytery was anxious that the de cision should be public so long as proper conduct was preserved. «; The Rev. Mr. Hay proceeded to explain the circumstances under which Mr. Justice Higin botham had delivered bin lecture at. Scots' ! Church, stating that it had been delivered before ' the Scots' Church Literary Association at the ' aolicaUon of Mr. Strong, who took a deep in terest in the association. Thero could be no harm in his asking Judge Higinbotham to lecture before the association. Men of his character, but not nearly of the same attainments, had in the same way lectured in other churches, where !. they had been glad to get them for the sake of a ' collection of a pound or Lwo. (Laughter.) There was no positive harm in the lecture, nor in. tbe subject of the lecture, aud nothing would havo been said about it if the Literary Association ; had arranged that it should have been given I in the Atliemeum, instead of in the church. I But apart from all this he .contended that Mr. ' Strong had sufficiently cleared himself from any I responsibility in the matter by disclaiming ' sympathy with tbe views of tho lecturer, and he (Mr. Hay) was prepared to prove ' that he had dono this at the time the lec- tuie was delivered instead of, ns had beeu asserted by Mr. M'Eucbrau, delaying it until three weeks afterwards. (Applause.) He de fended Mr. Strong from the various other charges brought against him, nnd nrged that it should be their duty to conserve unity and harmony in the church. Action snch as that now attempted to be taken would have its effect in their families, in their businesses and in society. It would be weakening to the church for years to come. Ho knew bow the church hud been weakened already by it. He had been seven years now in a minority at tho presby- j tery meetings, always being ignored, and ! left out of all tho little arrangements. He knew all that, and had enjoyed it. The presbytery meeting day was a day of recreation to him. But withal, be would ask them to look nt this question in the really serious aspect that i was attributed to it. Kir. M'Knchran's chnrycs werj based upon nothing but suppositions, And he urged the presbytery to pause and consider bofore they dealt with them. Mr. K. Thomson had great pleasure in seconding the motion. He bud listened with much pain to tbe speech made by Mr. M'Each ran, and thought it Wus grently to he regretted that he had not come there with distinct proofs instead of mere suppositions. Ho know for certain that somo of the statements made by Mr. Kl'Euchrun could be positively refuted. Mr. H. R. Retd supported the morion, warmly defending Mr. Strong ag.nnst the attacks made upon liim. He expressed strong disapproval of the introduction of the caucus system into the presbytery. He hoped that system would lie put j down— (applause)— and also the stylo of persecu tion that now prevailed. (Applause.) - He said j to the presbytery let. Mr. Strong go— (No aud ap i plause)— in peace. The Rev. lor. Macdonald said be had considered tbo matter very carefully. It had caused him much anxiety, and he thought it would he inad- 1 vipable to carry the motion. For one thing, if a libel were brought against tho Rev. Charles t Strong, the church would ho Reriotiftly incon- : venienccd, and he thought the be»t way might to accept, tbe resignation. , ' Further discussion took place. Tho Rev. Mr. \V. G. Fraser defended Kir. Strong. The Rev. Mr. KI'Konzio thought Mr. Strong should come forward and disclaim the views attributed to him, because, if they accepted his ; resignation, they would huve to give him a presbyte- rial certificate, which would enable bim to go to another country and continuo to dis seminate perhaps unsound doctrino. Tho Rev. Mr. Abernethy could not exactly agree with either proposal, fie thought it would meet the case if they wero to require Mr. Strong to afiirm bin belief in the standards. After further discussion Mr. Hay's amendment was negatived by a large majority. The presbytery adjourned until 10 a.m. ou Thursday, when the consideration of the Rer. Mr. Robinson's motion will be resumed. 