Wiliiamstown Earing Club Meeting. The usual Easter a eetiug in connection with the Williamstowix Racing Club took place on Monday. Two special trains left the Spencer street station conveying a large number of visitors to within a short distance of the course, and before the hour of starting of the first race there was a very good attend ance. The day remained beautifully fine until shortly before the starting of the third event on the card, when a heavy downpour of rain set in, and the weather continued wet for the remainder of the afternoon. The racing arrangements were well carried out, and although the fields were not large, the different events were well contested, the finish of the Altona Handicap being partjou- -MyAtermtliig. _Below we give detailed acoount of the raffing. " Handicap Hurdle Race, of 50 sovs. Two miles. 6?r£5m,.b "y Khcdivo— OasfoMh, M Wall a it CKm0rry Maiid' 6 yra. lOBfc. .Huht 8 < R « Ero-'> aged, list 4lb .. Kiiduff 0 JJetttng; Even money aget Eros, 3 to 1 each ?arree Merry Maid, 5 to 1 agst foil of the flag, Stormbird rushed to the front, and showed the way over the first hurdle, followed by Merry Maid, Yarree, and .Eros. In this order they ran along the back, round the turn, and paBt the stand Pass ing the training stables, Stormbird still held command, and the favourite began to move to the front. At the back, 'Eros and Merry Maid deprived Stormbird of the lead, but at the. turn he came again, the trio rounding the turn almost abreast, with Yarree apparently 1 It- Entering the straight Merry Maid led, but Yarree came with a great rush, and won, all out, by half a dozen lengths from Stormbird, with Merry Maid next. Eros came down at tfie last hurdle, but fortunately eseaped injury. Altona Handicap df 50 sovs. -Vive furlongs. .Mr G. Jones's ch g The Ghoet, by Tregeagle— Ada, 5 yrs, 9at .. Kiiby 1 Mr J. Whittingham's br f Honors, 2 yrs, 7st 41b -p „ Bacchus 2 oiu Smit"s h m Haidee of the Sills, 6 yrs, 8st 81b .. Iv .Riley 8 Mr W Langley's b h stationer, 4 yrs, 8st 41b Kelly 0 Retting : Even money agst Haidee of the Hills, 5 to 2 agst Honora, 3 to 1 agst Sta tioner, 4 to 1 agst The Ghost. The start was prolonged to a wearisome length, and when the flag finally fell, Honora obtained an advantage of a couple of lengths, while. The Ghost was left some distance in 1;he rear. Before going far, however, Haidee of the Hills joined Honora, and The Ghost passed Stationer, and took, third place. In this order they rounded the turn into the straight, wheie the leaders foolishly ran wide, and Kilby, seein the opening, whipped The Ghost up on the inside, and an interesting race ensued up the straight, resulting in favour of The Ghost by a bead, Haidee of the Hills being third, and Stationer a bad last. Telegraph Stakes, of 50 sovs. Half a mile- Weight for age. Winner to be sold for £50. Selling allowances, 71b. fo? every £10 re duction in price. Mr J A Lang's br h Doctor, by Argus Scandal. 4 yra, 7et 7lb, £20 . . .. Walker 1 Mr £ Jones's br f Queen Elisabeth, 8 yrs, fist 12ib, £20 Kilby 2 Mr S Miller's ch g Kanoota, 2 yrs, 4st 91b, nil .. ... .. Toumy 3 Mr A Dowlmg nsbc Plato, 2 yrs, 4st 91b . . Barr 0 A protracted delay occurred at the start, owing to Kanoota bolting with his rider. At length the quartette were despatched to. a straggling start, the favourite being first away, followed by Queen Elizabeth and Eanoota, Plato running outside the starting post and losing all chance of the race. Rounding the turd, Doctor was well in front, and, never being headed, won easily from Queen Elizabeth, with Kanoota third. Galloway Stakes. Handicap of 25 .sovb. Five furlongs. For galloways, 3 years old and upwards, 14 hands 2in. Mr J Dallaway us b m Prattle, by Buckingham, 4yrs,8st4lb .. .. .. .. Huht 1 Mr J Grippe's b tu Village1 Lass, 5 yrs, 7st 101b Walker 2 Mr S Moore's b m Flying Bee, 5 yrs, 8et 21b Burton 8 Betting : 5 to 2 on Prattle. This race was run in a heavy shower of rain, the favourite making all the running, and winning comfortably by a length from Tillage Lass ; Flying Bee, outpaced, last. Steeplechase, of 50 sovs. Two miles. Mr T Goffy'g ch h Premier, by Yellow Jack, 6 yrs, lfiat 71b Huht 1 Mr B Howie's b g Breechloader, aged, 9st 21b .. .. .. Keating 2 Mr A F Bradshaw's b g Ascot, 6 yrs, lfist. . Chalker 8 Mr G GIese cock's br g Governor, 4 yrs, 9st 71b Kiiauff 0 Mr J W Clarke's br g Cruiser, aged, 9<st 41b .. . .. M( Donald 0 Mr J Oripps's b g Hector, aged, 9Bt 71b . . Howatt 6 Betting : 7 to 4 agst Premier, 5 to 2 agst Breechloader, 5 to 1 each agst Ascot and Cruiser, 6 to 1 agst Hector. Heotor was the quiokest on his legs at the start, and made play over the first fence, where he blundered badly, and nearly came down. Cruiser then assumed command, with Hector, Premier, and Governor follow ing in the order indicated, Ascot and Breech loader bringing up the rear. No alteration in this order was observable as they ran past the stand. At the fence at the turn, Hector ran off. P-remier soon afterwards went to the front, and never being headed, won by a little over a length ; Breechloader came with a wet sail at the finish, .and was a good second, Ascot was a bad third, Governor fourth, and Cruiser last. Seaford Handicap, of 75 sovs. One mile . and a quarter. Mr J Patterson's big Black Diamond, by Hercules, 6 yrs, 7at.. , .. .. Dobson 1 Mr L L 3mith's b h Dongalston, 5 yrs, 7st 71b . . Burton 2 Mr J Whittingham's br f L'Africaine, 5 yrs 6at 4lb Bacchus 8 Mr L G Calvert's b-m Linda, 4 yrs, 7b 121b . . Bell 0 Mr H Yeend's br h Balthazar, 6 yrs, 7st 71b .. .. .. .. Walker 0 Mr E Evans's br h Lapstone, 4yrs, 6st 101b .. .. .. .. .. .. Moran 0 Mr H Haines's b m Lucinda, aged, 6st 5£lb (includ ing fejlb over) .. ... .. Swallow 0 Betting : 5 to 2 agst Balthazar, 3 to 1 each agst Linda and Dougalston, 4 ti> 1 agst Black Diamond. Lapstcne .obtained a trifling advantage of a protracted start, and led past the stand; with L'Africaine, Balthazar, and Linda next, and the others in a cluster. Rounding the turn Black Diamond and Linda singled themselves out -from the others and raced side by side past the training stables and along the back, followed at some distance by Balthazar and Douglaston, Lucinda acting as whipper in. Black Diamond maintained his advantage throughout, and won comfortably by half a length from Douglaston, who came very fast at the finish. L'Africaine was third, Bal- hazar fourth, and Lucinda last. 