OUR BRISBANE LETTER. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] j THE Hospital embroilment has reached a climax at last. Dr. Kesteven refused to resign when requested to do so, and he has been dismissed formally, the Committee skating their reasons for dispensing with his services in a letter to him in the following terms :- " 1, Your general incompetency to conduct and manage the Brisbane Hospital ; your inability to co-operate with the members of the visiting staff and with the assistant resident surgeon. 2. Your conduct is con- sidered by the Committee of the Hospital to be injurious to the interests and well-being of the institution, because of your wilful dis- obedience of the lawful orders of the visiting staff, and disregard of and violation of the bye-laws and rules of the Hospital. 3. The Committee are also of opinion that you have habitually neglected your duties in allowing patients to remain unattended," The annual general meeting of subscribers was held on Thursday-the doctor's dismissal occurring on Wednesday-and the proceedings were of a somewhat singular character. The subscribers mustered first in the Town Hall, but owing to the noise of vehicles, passing in the street the speakers could not be heard, and a move was made to thc open space in the buildings on the ground floor, where it was hoped the eloquence poured out would not be' drowned. It was amusing to see leading : civil servants, medical men, members . of Parliament, and others, trudging down stairs each bearing a chair and the opportunity was just such as an artist with an inclination for humourous sketches would have delighted in. The matter of the doctor's dismissal was discussed, but without any material benefit to the officer in question, and then followed a debate on the report of the Committee on the affairs of the institution during the year past. Some remarks made by Mr. Moses Ward will show that the Committee have not managed affairs quite as well as they might have done. "He said be thought the expenses had been most extravagant, and that a mistake had been made in appointing two resident surgeons. There had been ah average of 110 patients, of whom he did not .suppose more than twenty had suffered from acute diseases requiring active treatment. ' The expenses for salaries and wages bad been £2632 ; and there had been two doctors and two dispensers to attend to 110 patients. The average cost per patient was about 30s. per week. He was strongly opinion that there were too'many cooks, and that a junior member of the medi- cal profession was all that was necessary,-as was the case in most of the hospitals in England." With the exception of the latter portion of the remarks, most of the subscribers will agree with Mr, Ward ; but though a junior medical man might serve well in other places he would not here, for here the visiting staff do not attend to their duties, and it would be positively dangerous to place the medical and surgioal affairs of such an institu- tion as the Brisbane hospital under the sole control of a newly- fledged medical youth. The subscribers have certainly not been satis- fied with the work of the Committee during the year, for of the three who retired only one was re-elected, the others being men new to the institution. It is to be hoped the new blood will have a good effect, for the more the conduct of the Hospital is inquired into tbe worse it appears to be. I do not mean the treatment of the patients, but speak in so far as the general work of the Committee, is con- cerned. ' There was a good deal bf dissatisfac- tion at the meeting, on account of old subscribers, who had not paid their sub- scriptions prior to the 15th January, not being allowed to vote ; but, as an Act of Parliament regulated this there was no getting over it, though the rule was not enforced in previous years, because it was not observed, so little interest being generally taken in the usual annual meetings. By the way the Rev. Mr. Guinness, the Church of England clergyman in Fortitude Valley, made some rather serious oharges against the Visiting Staff. He said he had frequently been asked by patients, who had sometimes sent for him for the purpose, to cali upon one or two of the visiting-surgeons and ask them to attend, as those under their charge were not receiving attention owing to their absence, while the resident-surgeon was unable to interfere. There was no defence to this charge, which substantially was that the resident-surgeon oould not interfere with the patients of the visiting staff, while the latter would not attend, neglected the poor sick wretches, who were obliged to send to their clergyman and beseech him to hunt up the visiting staff, and ' ask them please in pity's sake to do their duty. The Committee should certainly inquire into this. The Revenue Officers have been making an- other raid on the grocers, who will insist on retailing winos, spirits, and beers " to their customers as a favour." At the Police Court yesterday a man named Barton was fined £10 and costs, for having sold a bottle of porter to a Mrs. Godfrey, and £5 with costs for selling a bottle of brandy to Mr. Godfrey. R. S. Warry, a wine and spirit merchant; und also a grocer, was fined £5 and costs for selling a bottle of gin and three bottles of porter to a man named Cosgrove. It is strauge that these reputable sly grog sellers do not exercise a little more caution in their illegal transactions. Of course it is seldom they are found out, and then there is always a morbid feoling expressed by their lawyers, that the defrauders of the revenue are very hardly treated people. It is satisfactory to note, that tn neither of the cases msntioned waa auy lying resorted to by the informers to get the grocers to soil to them, and the bench very properly refused to be influenced by the remarks of the lawyers, except in so far as to make Warry's fine light, because he had been a wine and spirit merchant for thirty years, Can this mean that he has broken the law. defrauded the revenue, and injured licensed retail vendors for thirty years Î Let us hope not. ? Among the public institutions of this city there is none more likely to be sympathised with than the Hospital for sick children. Since its establishment it has been well supported, and now the committee are inviting tenders for a more commodious and suitable building than that now occupied. The annual meeting of members of the Queensland Turf Club was hold on Tuesday evening last. The Committee congratulate themselves upon baring cut down expenses, and made a slight profit from the last meeting, but all this appears to have been done at the expense of racing in the colony, and was assisted by publicans giving away £100 towards a prize. The club are now canvassing for subscriptions to make up a £500 prize, and if the public give £300 by special donations out of the fullness of its heart, the club will give £200-thc amount which is, or was, usual for the Brisbane Cup. I heard a good remark at the meeting-one that will no doubt amuBe some of thc sporting men of Kockkamp ton. Mr. Virgil Power, while lamenting the fact that Borne of thc Committee were per- sonally responsible for the bank overdraft, said that two gentlemen had been admitted to thc Committee and their joining in the responsibility was not insisted on, because they wore racing men, and it was well that there should be somo mon who knew something of horso racing on tile Committee. Of course there should, but unfortunately the members of tho Com- mittee know as much of horse-racing as the ghost of Tim Whiffler knows of ecarte. Were it not for the sound financial work done by thc Secretary, Mr. Maplceton, the Club would be in a hopeless state of collapse, but his business experience enables him to keep affairs afloat. There was a big spree at Sandgate last evening, the occasion being a complimentary I banquet to Mr. George Bashford, the contrac- tor for the railway to the now popular marine , suburb. Messrs. Perkins and Morehead 'wert prêtent-these gentlemen tesis to be; tbqepr¿oUling!memboxsof the Government -.rat lhere »iwas no /polities! expressions. Perkins\wnfe*aeä jtoet/tie oncedidnt believe in the fUadgaUMitie,' admitted that be was «Tong, and-Mi absolved and admitted once more to the fold of wise discerning men-that is wise discerning men from a Sandgate point of view. Morehead of coarse was facetious, the worthy P.M.G. is nothing if not- bewildering, his .hearers with bis oratorical coruscations. Deagon, the Mayor of Sandgate; presided at \ the spread, and spoke with all that vigour and effect of a man determined to distinguish himself, and succeeding. Be didn't quote - I any Scripture that I am aware of, except to say. that be believed that if Bashford had a contract for a railway to-well, a warmer j place than Rockhampton-be would not stick at the Styx, or have any care on approaching ' Charon. You and your readers may not con [ sider this Scriptural, bnt it is about as near as the Civic Chief of Sandgate generally ventures. The last t saw of the celebration was the arrival of the city band in Queen-street, bravely playing, and following an excitable and genial publican, who danced merrily nDder the shadow of his umbrella-afraid of being moon-struofc, you know. The Premier bas returned from hit southern trip, looking fresh and well. We now have ali the Ministers in town, and shalt possibly hear something political before the date of my next letter. ? ' Hart's Company have closed a fairly success- ful season at the Theatre Royal, and Mr. C. Pollard is now here making arrangements for another Brobdingnagian season for the Lilli- putians. Brisbane, February 10, 1883.' 