Tales and Sketches. GEBALDINE'S 8TBATAGEM. CHAPTER I. •What a dreary night!' • Ymj bat'what a cheerful Are! ill the more cheerful because of the howling wind and the rain beating on the window-pnnea.' ' Do you think bo ?' tho firat epeaker says, wistfully,. as she crouches down on the hearth rug and holds out har' hands to the cheery blaze which roars up the wide, open chimney in the quaint, old-fashioned farmhouse sitting room fa cosy room, notwi hstanding the plain ness of its, substantial furniture aud the gaudy flowered chintz curtains, which had mode Qeraldine Keith shudder when she saw them first, but which a few hours had acoustomed her to, and which she rather li>ed than other wise—or at least she said she liked them. The appearance of the two girls sitting by the fire, whose red glow fell upon t' em and seemed, to linger lovingly, were singularly out of keeping, with their surroundings. Both were beautiful, ■ although in entirely different stylesj and the graceful, artistio dresar-B they wore enhanced their beauty. Miss Keith, who was leaning back in one of the chintz covered arm chairs, was a tall, stately, beautiful blonde, dressed in. a pale-blue Watteau tea-gown,: trimmed with costly lace. . Her friend and oompahion, Maud vane, was a small, slight girl with great tragic, dark eyes, and vividly red lips, and a little wistful, dreamy expression, which,gave her fair face an additional charm and made it oontraet yet more vividly with Gsraldine'e bright, animated smiling loveliness. Maud was tho elder by two or three years j but Qeraldine took the lead in everything,although ahe had never let Maud feel that she held til dependent position of her companion, und treated her with the most perfect consideration and deep affection. Both girls were orphans; but while Maud was the daughter of a poor clergvman whose death had left her penniless and friendless, Qeraldine was tho only child of a wealthy ironmaster, and a great heiress. She looked as if she did not need any dower bnt her own beauty, however, as she est leaning back' in the big, old-fashioned arm-chair, her li'tle feet crossed upon the high brass fender, and her, blue eyes smiling down on the slender little 'figure .in'black velveteen crouching on a sto 1 by her "ride. There was a sho-t silence, broken by a merry, ringing laugh from Miss Keith", at which Maud Vane s great tragic, dark eyes raised' themselves inquiringly to' her friend's face. ' I am laughing .nt your gti vous facie, ma eljre.l-Qeraldine said, gaily. .'You look startled: at every- sound, and areas pale as a smalt-ghost. Why,' you foolish girl, do you thinkthey will blame you?" ...... ' 1 am not afraid of blame,' Maud answered, regretfiilly j ' but l am afraid that we have done yvrong in coming away, Qerdldine. , Yon ought to have seen Mr. Martin at least.' ' Why should I have seen him ?' ' You might have liked him' ' lhatis precisely what 1 did not want to do,' Qeraldine answered, merrily. ' It was perfectly impossible for him to rare for me.' 'Impossible! why?" 'Impossible for a man to fall in love with a woman to whom he has been left by will 1' said Miss Ktith. scornfully. ' But as he it a poor man, wd a hundred thousand pounds depend upon it, he will, no doubt, make a very clever imitation of the genuine article ; but it wonld not be clever enongh to deceive me!' ' How bitterly you speak, Qeraldine.' Maud Vane's" soft voice said, gently. • J think there was every likelihood of his falling in love with yon■■'..■ _' Do yon, Maudie ?. Bnt you are only a little simpleton, and youropinionisnot worth having, let us consider the mattor again seriously,' Miss Keith continued, laughingly. 'I want to convert yon to a belief in the wisdom of my flight' bhe takes Maud's hand fondly, and pats it caressingly, as she continues, with a little mock ing smile in her blue 03 es: ' It is tho duty, of course, of our godfathers and godmothers to leave their godchildren legacies, andminewas a very dutiful godmamma —to a certain extent., She loft mo the sum of one hundred thousand pounds 011 condition that I married another godeon of hers whom I have never seen. If I refuso to fulfil the condition the money goes , to him, and rice versa. Of cjurso my aunt, and guardian, Lady Knowles, the eminent lady of fashion and leader of (on —what are you smiling at .Maudie ?—is very anxious that I should fulfil this condition. I have a large fortune of my own, but that does not signify; X must marry Mr. Martin 'and in crease that fortune. And if lie, poor fellow, re jects me, lam to possess the hundred thousand pounds for my own particular uso arid benefit, jhile he is to bo as poor as a parish mouso! Well, I refuso distinctly, in a noto left in the most orthodox fashion pinned to my pincushion, to fulfil this condition, sad I fiy from oiy home m the oompuny of my doar littlo friend Maud Varo; who shall not, I prorni-c, receive any share of tho blamo Lady Knowlos may bo in dim d to cast upon lior flighty noico I do not mean that for a pun, Maudio.' ' I hope not indeed,' Maud Vano said, lightly, laughing in spito of hor anxiety. "That would be unpardonublo. 1 should fancy that if you ° a t'c''0 w01|hl waft it to Lady Knowles, and her "ladyship would mako a sudden appear ance., 'Through the koyhole or down tho chim uoy?' laughed Goraldino. ' I can imagine your tooe of horror at such, ah apparition What fun it would be 1 Can jou picture llio scene, Maudie? Lady Knowles..vary stately and dignified, and Miss Keith in fits, of laughter. ®0| belioyo mo, Maudie,* sho continued, more gravoly,' it was just as well to fly from such a m emma. Mr Martin. will have one hundred thousand pounds wlicrowitli' to console himself, and I shall have my froodom.' ."ft^!"ld/looked ^",,ul bnt "id nothing, and I ga|]j * momenU Geraldine began again, .^Khu^Mr'•KeIap,'newl^"?, ' WT^a.t» lackadaisical, uninterested " no!" ' ^.th laughing. «Well, I hare seen them, Mim Indifference. They are two Very good-looting men, and one of them is a very interesting invtlid,' . '-^n invalidI1 echoed Maud, a gleim of! interest lighting her dark cyey. ' A young man ?' lee; not thirty I should Ihinh, and very handsome. His brother—at least I think they are brothers-looks so careAil and kind, that I felt quite in lore with him.' ' When did you serf him ?' ___ I tbenx this morning when I was out. Would you like to knoa their nunes ? I have ascertained that they nro called Iiawrence. One is Dr. J awrence, I think, and the other ia hie younger brother * | Is the doctor' the invalid ?• r^ ' Wnn,Ttel?V?erald!no ar8™ad. mer ta£e W ^ /°.U t0 ®ale ^eir acquain th!S JhEtoft 1 *m h/ginnil f: real|y to'hir.k tnat I should like to do so, for I hare had a Snd J0U haV° bCen mMt f I am sorry, Geraldine; but— wM7i! na"*8 died awa? on the girl's lips, which had grown suddenly very pale as Ae room-door opened violently, and the comely belonging to the farmhouse frightened 8 ' and b°wiIdered' and rt<.rni!r . ^etth!' she exclaimed, and Geraldine, self-possessed as she w»s, could not neip a little alarm becoming evident in her voice as she said, th&rplj;: !£ell, what is it P Am I wanted ?• —.Z% miss-that is • if yon please —and if yon vroold not mind—' ■ ir-i-l I "ouId not mind wh:.t?' said Mis. slipperW1 a stamp of her high-heeled ' « ell, miss, Mr. Lawrence is dead or dying, and—' be is ont and so is Mr. Kemp, ' Dying!'Maud Vane exclaimed quickly, as alone?™"8 Dp" ,Cnn *° do anything? jshe , 1u'te alone, miss; and oh! I am that flightened!' | 'Hadwe better go, Mandie? Miss-Keith ' » hentatangly ; she was nervous at, and un accustomed to illness. 'I do not think we can hesitate,'Mandie said, with a little expression-of resolution curving her pretty month. 'At least, 1 am going,' In I Will yon show mo the way, Phcebc ?' 1 he maid led the way along the stone-paved passage to a sitting-room at the other end-a lar.e untidy, bschelorapartment, with books and pipes, cigar cases and cigar boxes, scattered about in pictnreiqne confusion; while lying on Ote floor' beside the chinlz-covered conch; as if ho had slipped off ifc in his weskn tBt Jby s toudjj : man perfectly unconscious, looking white and still as death. - Without a moment's hesitation Maud sprang to his side, raised the heavy head upon her arm, and with quick, tender hands felt his pulse dnd his heart t while Geraldine. looking very beautiful aod compassionate, but very much frightened, stood by her. •He has only fainted,' said Maud, in a moment. * Give me soma water, Ina, and run to our room for some wine, Phmbe.' 1 hus it happened that, when a few minutes later the young opened his eyes, he saw bend ing oyer him two fair faces, rendered yet more beautiful by the tender compassion which he could read there. For a moment his eyes handsome dark bine eyes—dwelt on Maud's face, then went swift and straight to Mita Keith's, and rented there. * You are better ? * Maud said, gently, as she bent over him. ' Yes. I am very eorry to have given 3 on so much trouble.' Ab, David,' and the heavy ejes brightened' as the tall figure of his brother appeared in the doorway. • Yon have come just too lale to save these ladies an immensity of bother.' He spoke lightly a'though his voice was weak and faint s'ill, and before speaking to the girls 1 r. Lawrence assisted him to rise, settling him agsin on the sofa with a tenderness which was pleasmt to see, looking down at him the while with some anxiety. ' t am all right, old fellow,' the younger man said, smiling faintly : 'as right as I cv.r shall bo, I daresay 1 Will you thank these ladies for their kindness ?' he added, lifting liis eyes to Geraidine'a face with tho samo eager look of admirati n with which I10 had already regarded her i and Dr. Lawrence turned to the two girls willj somo formality in his manner, and thanked thorn for their assistance in a rich, grave voice which was pleasant to lioar. ' ' It was nothing indeed,' Geraldine said, smiling. ' Maud, was very glad to bo of any us-. 11 am none,' she addod, with her bright, sweet laugh. • 1 »m quite unused to illness.' I ' One can soe that,' the youuger man said, j smiling at ber. '1 hope yon will never know what a weary business being ill is.' * Or rather getting well,' Maud said, gently. I • You arc getting woll now, you know.' 'Fee, so David says,' I10 answered. 'Oh, please do not go 1' be added, with eager, earnest entreaty, and somothing of the manner of a spoilt child. 'It would be so good of you to stay for a little and brighten this du'l room. I know whnt you a-o going to say, David—that I am taking an unpardonable liberty; butinvalids are privileged, and I am so tired of .our soli tude!' ' f am afraid theso ladies will think you un pardonably rude," Dr. Lawrence said, gravely. ' No, they will forgive me, I koow. let us introduce ourselves!' he continued gaily. 'Miss Keith, I must plead guilty to having discovered your name and Miss Vane's through tho medium of Mr. Kemp My namo is Guy Lawrence, and David is my dear friend nud liretlior—the kindest brother man over tad!' ho added ear nestly, with a half-laughing, half-deprecating, but wholly affectionate glanco at the other man's grave face. ' Unconventional as the whole business wu, there was no resisting the coaxing, but graceful and high bred manner of the young mau; and Goraldlne, who was charmed at the out-ofthe way-proceeding, which contrasted so favourably with her usual Ceremonious, fashionable ex istence, so full of fonfis aftd restrictions, disre garded her friend's entreating glallees—and taking the armchair Dr. Lawrence placed for her, rat down and prepared to make herself agree ible in her own bright charming manner, a manner which appeared irresistible to Guy Lawrence, for he rarely removed his eyes from the beautiful face, and only once or twice glanced at hia brother and Maud Vane, who wore silting at the opposite side of the wida. old-fashioned hearth, Maud looking ehy, and pale, and embarrassed, while Dr. Lawrence seemed absent and preoccupied; his grave, dark eyes straying sometimes to Geraidine't beautiful, animated rfaco, then coming back, and always with a growing tenderness, to rest on Maud Vane's. Presently Phcebe brought in some tea, and Dr. Lawrence smiled slightly under his heavy dark moustache to see with what pretty dignity Gera'dine officiated at the te&tray; but his face darkened again when he saw how earnestly his brother's eyes rested upon her, and how he kept the little jewelled hand in his when she surrendered it to him for a moment as the girls said.*good- night,' and 1'r. Lawrence escorted them' gaily enough now} across the passage to the door of their sitting-room, going back to hisowh with'a vciy vivid remembrance of a pairo dark, pathetic eyes and red lips, and the touoh of a tiny hand still lingering in hit own. •Well, old fellow, what do you think of them!' said Guy, eagerly, as soon as the'grave, handsome face reappeared; but Phil shook his head gravely and made no answer. ' Nomense, don't pretend you are angry,' said the _ other, lightly. 'What did we come dowuhere for I should like to know? Phil, will you give me a .chance ?' 'How do you mean?' the elder man said, gravely. ' A. chance ? With whom?' 'With Gerjldine Keith Was there ever such a 1' vely face on earth before I wonder.' * Do you think I am going to try my luck ? ' Dr. Lawrence asked, almost bitterly. * I have no in'ention of doing so. To you think I would be base enough to liy to win her under——* * Under your own name,' said the other, lightly. 'There is nothing base in the whole business. Well, it shall be a fair field a* d no favour, and if she has the good sense to prefer you to a poor broken-down creature like myelf, I will give her up to you . without a word. Don't look so grave he added, coaxingly, slip piog his hand through the doctor's arm with a ■mil.1 4 TV will 'kd nil f.fiA ■ iTviA ft k 1 pnra smile.1' It will be all the sime s hundred jears hnce.' * Bat it is no jesting milter, old felTow,' the doctor answered gently. 4 If you knew how guilty 1 frit this evening; hut ire will not di» cuss it nowj it is late, and you look tired- Guy, do youjkniw l am sorry we cam? here !' + 4 ?ottj—why ? Have you fallen in love with her already ? if *o, I—' 'Don't talk nonsense,' said Dr tawrence, almost angrily; thenrecoverioghimselfimmedi ately, he addid, wi:h a good-humoured apology, * Forgive me, old fellow ; I am not a patient man you know, and this subject always irri* tales me. She seems as sweet and good as she is beaatiful, and if she learns to appreciate you as you deserve, und you love her as you can live—well — * 4 Well ?' s id Guy, eagerly. . ' 4 Wrll, you will beabappy couple, that is allj and cow, lai, it is lime to go to bed.' 