AN EXECUTION. I Yes, John Brent, you were right when yon I called Luggernel Alley a wonder of our | continent. I I remember it now — I only saw it then— I for those strong scenes of nature assault | the soul whether it will or no, fight in against | affirmative or negative resistance, and bide I their time to be admitted as dominant over the imagination. It seemed to me then that I was not noticing how grand the precipioes, how stupendous the cleavages, how rich and gleaming the rock faces in Luggernel Alley. My business was not to stare about, but to look sharp and ride hard; and I did it. Yet now I can remember, distinct as if £ I beheld it, every stride of that pass ; and every where, as I recall foot after foot of that fierce chasm, I see three men with set faces — one deathly pale and wearing a bloody turban — all galloping steadily on, on, an errand to save and to slay. Terrible riding it was! A pavement of slippery, sheen rock ;t great beds of loose stone ; barricades of mighty boulders, where a cliff had fallen an ason ago, before the days of the road-maker race; crevices where an unwary foot might catch ; wide rifts where a shaky horse might fall, or a timid horseman drag him down. Terrible riding 1 A pass where a calm traveller would go quietly picking his steps, thankful if each hour counted him a safe mile. Terrible riding ! Madness to go as we went ! | Horse an I man any moment might either I shatter every limb. Bat man and horse neither can know what he can do, until he I has dared and done. On we went, with the old frenzy growing tenser. Heart almost broken with eagerness. No whipping or spurring. Our horses were a part of ourselves. While we could go, I they would go. Since the water, they were full of leap again. Down in the shady Alley, i too, evening bad come, before its time. Noon's packing of hot air had been dislodged by a mountain breeze drawing through. Horses and men were braced and cheered to their work ; and, in such riding as that, lbs man and the horse must think together and move together — eye and hand of the rider must choose and command as bravely as the horse exeaotes. The blue sky was overhead, the red son upon the castellated walls a thousand feet above ns, the purpling chasm ooened before. It was late, these were the last moments. Bat we should save thejady yet. Yes,' our hearts shouted to us, 4 we shall Pave her yet.' < An arroyo, the ohannel of a dry tortent, followed the pass. It had made its wajf as water doss, not straightway, but by Gth&t; potent feminine method of passing upder the frowning front of an obstacle, and leaving the dull reck e taring there, while the wild creature it would have held is gliding down tbe valley. The zigzag. channel baffled us ; we musfi leap it without check where vbr it crossed our path. Every second ( nokr, was worth a century. HerewasthO slh of hbrses ' ' ; ...... , », passed bat now. / Wecald not choose ground. We mast take, oar leaps on that cruel rock wherever tbey offered. Poor Pumps I He had carded his master so nobly 1 There were so few miles to do! He had chased so well; 'he merited to be in at the death. Brent lifted him at a leap acrosB the arroyo. Poor Pamps 1 His hind feet slipped on the time-smoothed rock. He fell shod. He plunged down a dozen feet among the rough boulders -ot the torrent bed. Brent was out of the saddle almost before he struck, raising him. Ho, he would never rise again. Both his forelegs were broken at the knee. He rested there, kneeling on 'the rooks where he fell. Brent groaned. The horse screamed horribly, horribly — there is no more agonised sound — and the scream went echoing high up the cliffs where the red sunlight rested. It costs a loving maBfcer much to butcher his brave and trusty horse, the half of his knightly self ; but it costs him more to hear him shriek in such misery. Brent drew his pistol to put poor Pumps out of pain. Armstrong sprang down and oanght hiB hand. 4 Stop 1' he said, In his hoarse whisper. He had hardly spoken since we started. My nerves were so strained that this mere ghost of a sound rang through me like a death yell, a great cry of merciless and exultant vengeance. I seemed to hear its echoes, rising up and swelling in a flood of thick uproar, until they burst over the Bummit o t fche pass and were wasted in the crannies of the towering mountain flanks above. Stop !' whispered Armstrong. 4 No shooting ! They'll hear. The knife !' He held out his knife to my friend. Brent hesitated one heart-beat. Could be stain his hand with his faithful servant's blood? Pumps screamed again. Armstrong snatched the knife and drew it across the throat of the crippled horse. . Poor Pumps ! He sank and died without a moan. Noble martyr in the old heroic cause. I caught the knife from Armstrong. I cut the thong of my girth. The heavy California saddle, with its macheers and roll of blankets, fell to the ground. I cut off my spurs. They had never yet touched Fulano's flanks. He stood beside me quietly, but trembling to be off. Now, Brent ! up behind me !' I whispered .—for the awe of death was upon os. I mounted. Brent sprang up behind. I rMe light for a tail man. Brent is the slightest body of an athlete I ever saw. Fulano stood steady till we were firm in our seats. Then he tore down the defile. t Here was that vast reserve of power ; here the tireless spirit ; here the hoof striking true as a thunderbolt, where the brave eye saw footing ; here that writhing agony of speed ; here the great promise fulfilled, the great heart thrilling to mine, the grand body living to the beating heart. Noble Fulano ! I rode with a snaffle. I left it hanging loose. I did not check or guide him. He saw all. He knew all. AU was his doing. We sat firm, clinging as we could, as we must. Fulano dashed along the resounding pass. Armstrong pressed after — the gaunt white horse struggled to emulate his leader. Presently we lost him behind the curves of the Alloy. No other horse that ever lived could have held with the black in that head long gallop to save. O ver the slippery rocks, over the sheeny ' pavement, plunging through the loose stones, staggering over the barricadeSj leaping the jirroyo, down, -up, on, always on — on went the horse, we clinging as we might. It'seemed one beat of time, it seemed an eternity, when between the ring of the hoofs I heard Brent whisper in my ear ; 4 We are there.' The crags flung apart, right and left. I saw a sylvan giade. I saw the gleaming of gushing water. ' Fulano dashed on, uncontrollable. There they were — the murderers. Arrived but one moment ! The lady still bound to that . pack- mule branded A; & A. Murker just beginning to unsaddle. Laxrap not dismounted, ia chase of the other animals as they strayed tcgraze. The men heard the tramp and saw us, as We sprang into the glade. Both my hands were at the bridle. Brent, grasping my waist with one arm, Was awkward with bis pistol. Murker saw us first. He snatched bis six- shooter and fired. Brent shook with a spasm. His pistol arm dropped. Before the murderer could cock again, Fulano was upon him. He was ridden down. He was beaten, trampled down upon the grass — crushed, abolished. We disentangled ourselves from the melee. Where was the other? The coward, without firing a shot, was spurring -Armstrong's Flathead horse blindly up the canon whence we had imued. We turned to Murker. Fulano was up again, and stood there shuddering. But Hie man ? A hoof had battered in the top of bis skull ; blood was gashing from his mouth ; his ribs were broken ; sil his body was a trodden, massacred carcass. He breathed once; as we lifted him. Then a tranquil, childlike look stole over bis face — that well- known look of the weary hbdy, thankful that the turbulent -soul has gone. Murker wasdead. > Fulano. and not we, had been executioner. His was Hie . stain of blood. — From 'John Bien Jjy Theji&e; Wxhbopa.. 