.TIE I'tOILEN-'w ILL. r' Aocunezn:.) .s? QO-K IV. AND. LABT. uMsr.HlTnian&Vs; VA nI3IIEi lit. ad rks' frbtinthe window of her rob4i hiid noiticed the irrival of Con-. nolly .Uii th-e:ttWa "policenien. She rccognised.ith "detective at onCe, and immediately d icci?ee " conisci?d of 'thel fact tlit lik 'hididndn arrival boded no good 'o' hre''zcthrches Slhe had long been w1vpry of the inceessant bother, and the cvrilent, disiiclination of Florence to wed Sir Herbert, and having received from .W lt?1 PI deriganst the legacy left to her by his father's will ohi dlAo. mined to leave England at once. She would leave the hall that very day' Acting on 'thil t?lldderi dcision she inng for tbetoet?aiit; "arid directed'her to send one of the mcn:tnlhe inn for a fly, sihe engages herself in putting up a few things she lied dioii?tlio pilbe?; having previodusly pcked theo boxes in case of emergincy, and in a codple'of hburs she was bowling, along .the road to the 'sta tion it"N: ; Shei left n letter for Walter; intornininig him of' her departure from The Glen and from England, in timatng' inthtfrom what he had dropped and from .Jeck"'Dermt's pretence she was aurare tlht her' past history had be come known to them. She denied nothing, but vowed that had it not been for Sir Herbert Staunton, impostor though she were she had merely been ac tusted in assuming the character of the deceansed Mrs. Hargraves to enable her to cast aside herlife of degredation and live respectedbyall. Fate havingbeen against her, in consequenca of her formerprramnour having his estate close to the grounds of the family whose relative she had repre sented herself to be. she bad at first thought of leaving quietly, but had been induced by Stiafnton to continue the rile she had assumed, holding out brilliant promises 'sf reward' to her, sufficient to renderher independent for life. So'she contihnued, but she would: not bhe hlypocri.t enough ,to'attempt to expreea tsgret at' h nving 'isnpsed on the family, fr' shee wi sserure against dhi covery, as sle held proofs of Stnunton's' guilt in corinection' with the forgery, and he wiild'riot darb'tod'lo?liente ? er. Shi had left'li r bores, and requested Walter would" kindly ' forward' theni' to the Grosvenor' Hotel, where ie sike would stay' for a' day"or two before leaving Eng; land. To Florenco she merely wrote bidding her fa'rewell no' explanation'wasogiven for her sudden departuir, rnd the epistle was devoid of any sentiment whatever. W'alter ' wth 'morae than satisfied' at' gettirig rid of'Mrs. Hargraies'without a scene;, :an was giving instructions to the 'grnhit to have the'boxes'tnkenrr rid forwarded as directed, when Connolly arrived. " Al I " exclaimed the detective, " what have we here? " " Mrs.. Hargraves' boxes," replied Walter. "She lids left, and I am send ing them to'hedr." " Oh I indeed. Well, I will take thens'myself, as I wish to initerview the lady." "VBry., well," replied Walter, and Connolly'mounted the box 'seat of the fly, and followed the lady to London by the next train. Arrived at the metro polis he took the things to Scotland Yard, and it being past midniglt, he was -unable to do anything that night, but before noon the next day he pro ceeded to the Grosvenor and was ad mitte'd into Mrs. Hargraves' presence. "And what may you want?" asked the lady. "I. have come to arrest you on a charge of stealing a will made by the late Mr. Pendergast." d ITdeed," said the lady smiling. "I must inform you that. your errand is a foolisi dina." Gounobll looked at her in astonish meit, ult remarked '' Tliat his 't bei proved. I hive some -evidence, and may tell you that your.:boxes are safe at Scotland Yard." "And little good will they do you, or your case." "Will you come with me now and be preseit' while they are searched ?" ' Willingly," replied Mrs. Hargraves The two proceeded in a cab to Scot land yard, libut it is needless to say that the mnost minute search failed to discover any fraces of the will, nor was it in any of ttie things Mrs. Hargraves carried with her. " avro you destroyed the will ?" asked Connolly. "I have never touched it-and know nothing albut it" was tlhe reply. Connolly felt that he hal been out man'ntivred, but there was no help for it, and as under the circumstances, he could not detain Mrs. Hargraves, he "A few days following, Mrs. Hargraves took her departure from Englaonl, and so far as those with whom she had lived were concerned, alse was never again heard of. She, however, attempted to live a quiet life on the continent, but soon the want of excitement impelled her to seek pleasures, and being unable to mix in society, knowing that the tales of her past career must sooner or later leak out, she joined the assemblies of those parties well-known in France. as being of a shady ch?aracter and for a time was the queen of the circle, Apassion for-gambling seized her, and gradually but surely she lost all her subifance, and found herself reduced to poverty. Still handsome and very at tractive, she caught tie attention of Monsitur L'Estrange, the owner of a mansion of doubtful repute, in which it wai Ihiitded tlhat many a young scion of an English house I had been entrapped aInd ruined. L'l'~strange married her, and for holtte years between thelt they used tb'prosecate ttheir nefarious calling, but one night, after some high play lad been indoluged in, a yonilg nobleman discoverud they haild ln~Ms cheating. A quarrel ensued, and in antempting to get between tho noblemn, and L'Es-I trange she whom we have known so long as Mrs. Hargraves received a mortal wound, and was sent suddenly to enter the unknown world with all her sins upon her head. CHAPTER V. A STAUTLINOG OTH. When Connolly found that he had been completely floored by the clever woman, whom he had been ready to drag before the court on a charge of theft, he wrote to inform Walter Pendergast that he was afraid the stolen will would never be recovered, and the theft would remain 'for ever a mystery. Things remained quiet atTlheGlen for a few days, but on the third day preced. ing the investigation at the police court at N- , of the charge of murder pre-. ferred against Sir Herbert Staunton, there was unusual excitement every. where. Lionel and Walter Ponder. ghst had been summoned to London by A?r.'Lloyd; on urgent business, so that Mrs.-VWalter and Florence were bewailing their loneliness on the occa. sidn, having no one to go out and glean the news for them on the occasion, when Reginald Milton burst uncero moneously into the room. He was most cordially welcomed by both ladies, and promised 'to be their aide-de.camp on the following day. In fact, the ex citement of the arrest of a baronet for murder had even penetrated to Hamp. shire, and Reginald, knowing the accused man well, had run to N to be present at the preliminary trial. On the evening of Reginald's arrival, the air being somewhat chilly for the month, and a nice, cheerful fire having been lighted, Reginald turned round and said, "I'll not go out to-night. Florence, I owe you a beating at chess, what do you say if we have another battle P I see that Mrs. Walteris preparing-for an evening at the piano." "Oh, I shall be delighted to repeat my victory over you," said Florence, drawing. the chesetablo near the fire and producing the men. Mrs. Pendergast, who was a brilliant player on the piano; was in the midst of an operatic selection, and Reginald and Florence were engrossed in their game, when, after a gentle knock, the door opened, and a servant entered and presented a note to bMrs. Pender. gast. - - - - - "Is this tar me, aury? w no brought it " " A little boy, ma'nm; and lhe was off before I could ask him a question." Mary withdrew, and Mrs. Pender gnast sat turning tho note over and over in her hand. Tho cessation of the music had caused Reginald and Florence to look up, and seeing their eyes fixed upon her, Mrs. Pendergast came forward and remarked, " I never felt such a queer sensation before. A note, addressed to mo, as you can parceive, has been brought here by a boy. I am sure I am almost afraid to open it" "You may depend upon it, it is only a begging letter," said Florence, pre paring to resume the game." "Yea," remarked Reginald, "and drat the fellow who sent it, for he caused me to make a bad move." " What can it mean," exclaimed Mrs. Pendergast, after she bad perused the note. " What mean ?" asked Reginald. "This," replied Mrs. Pendergast, handiing Reoginald the note, who read it as follows: N- , May -th, 18 MSi. PENDBnsAsT, If you will meet a female at the bottom of the lane leading into the C road at eleven to-night, and will bring £50 with you, you shall have the stolen will restored. The writer is content to accept the £50, and no question being asked, than to claim the larger reward offered. Don't be afraid. This is written in all honesty. Mind you come alone. I shall be alone, and any attempt to entrap me will fail, and will destroy all chance of the will over being recovered. "What does it mean?" queried Reginald. "Why, that some scoundrel or scoundrels, knowing that Walter and Lionel are away, and thinking you are alone, would, under the pretence of returning you the will, induce you to meet him with £50 in your pocket, and then rob you." " What is to be done ?" queried Mrs. Pendergast. "1 suppose we must take no notice of that letter?" "1Well, I scarcely know," replied Reginald. " Yeu cannot of course go." " But suppose the writer shbould know something about the will ?" asked Mrs. Pendergast. "Abh! That did not occur to me. Stay. I have hit on a plan." " What is it?" eagerly asked both ladies. "Well, you see, the down on my ae, Sal5 "B.ltegluad laughingly, " will not show at night at all. I will dress in your clothes and go and meet the lady. Two ladies meeting together in a lonely place at night! Won't that be fun?" and Reginald fairly jumped laughing. The two ladies displayed the greatest excitement during the whole evening, and while Reginald was donning his attire, they could not sit still, but wandered about nervously. At length Reginald appeared, and the metamor phols was so complete, that both Mrs. Pledergast and Florence declared they would not know him if they met him in the street. Added to the perfect assumption of thie character, Reginald had a soft voice, and with but a little effort he was able to simulate a female's voice to a nicety. At length Reginald was ready for a start on his singular adventure. Al. though rag, r and excited, no thought of danger crossed the mindl of either lady as they wished Reginald success, but the young man, more prudent than his frien'ds would have given him credit to be, had secretly, in order not to raise any' feoliungs of fear in Mrs, Pondergast or Florence, concealed a revolver be neath the dress. The night was calm, and although there was no moon it was not dark, for the stars shone clearly and brightly. Reginald took his way down the avenue, and notwithstanding he was bold and fearless, he cerainly felt slightly tremu lous as he proceeded along thie lane, and approached the stile leading into the road. At length he passed over the stile and stood upon the macada mised road, casting a rapid glance on either side. A deathlike stillness per vaded, not a breeze even to stir the leaves of the neighboring trees; not the vestige of a human form to be seen. The clock in the tower of Staunton H-all struck eleven, and the vibrations of the sound travelled ghost-like over the country, but still no appearance of any one. Reginald began to feel im. patient, and was wondering if the unknown writer had become alarmed lest a trap had been laid, when lie saw a figure approaching along the road from the direction of N--- Reginald walked quietly, and soon he saw the figure approaching was that of a woman, closely veiled, and enveloped in a large cloak quite unnecessary for such a nieht " Are you Mrs. Pendergast?" was asked in a muffled voice, which Iegi nald knew at once to be that belonging to a man, although female tones were well assumed. "I am," replied Reginald in a clear, soft voice, and so well did he feign the female intonation, without pause or hesitation, that his companion was completely thrown off guard. "That is 'well. • I was somewhat afraid of treachery. Are you ready for business P" "Quite," replied Reginald, "when I know its nature." " It's nature is this. I can restore you the stolen will for £50 and no question to be asked. I might have treated for a larger sum with Lionel Pendergast, but I did not wish to wait. I want to leave England at once, and the'sum Ihave mentioned will suffice." " Well ?" queried Reginald, as the stranger paused. " Well," replied the strauger, " it is this. Have you brought the £50 with you ?" " Certainly not, replied Reginald. "How was I to know that this was not a plot-to rob me during my husband's absence." "' Oh ! your husband is absent then ? There is no fear, I suppose, that either he or Lionel Pendergast are concealed near?" " None whatever," retuned Reginald. "I came alone, as directed, but wanted to know whom I had to meet before I trusted myself to bring the money." "I can give you every guarantee. Here is the will," and producing a parchment, the stranger held it up before Reginald. At first Reginald felt inclined to make a grab at it, and fight for its pos. session, but a rapid thought passed through his mind that that manmeuvre might be only to test his bonaJ des.- it might not be the will at all, and then he would betray himself. He gazed at the parchment for a moment and then said, " Could I leave the money et any place, and you call and get it, by leaving the will." "Oh no!" curtly replied the stranger. "I might then run into the lion's den. Come, you appear to be a reasonable lady. Will you meet me hero this time to-morrow night, bring the money with you, and I will swear you shall have the will." "The very thing," flashed through Reginald's mind, but he dil not give utterance to the thought. On the con trarv, he did not appear as if too anxious for a second interview. " Are you doubtful?" asked the stranger. "You see I have come alone to-night." "Yes," said Reginald, "but you must remenber that £50 is a large sum of money for a woman to trust on her person at night to meet a per. feet stranger." "It may be so, but if you are afraid. the will will never be recovered, as I will meet no one else." AlAh, iwell," mused Reginald, as if reluctantly acquiescing in the arrange. ment, although in reality only too eager to accept it. "Ah well," I sup pose I must suppress my nervousness and consent." "Do, do, and you will find me acting honestly by my bargain. Good.bye till to.morrow night." Reginald watched the retreating figure until it was lost in the darkness, and then retraced his steps. tie found lIirs. Pendereast and Florence very anxiously waiting his return, and he gave them a faithful description of the interview." "And what conclusion do you arrive at ?" asked Florence. "That the visitor was a man, but I believe that -that man has the stolen will." "Then," said Mrs. Pendergast, Con. nolly's suspicions are all wrong ?" "What suspicions ?" asked both Reginald and Florence in the same breath. "Oh! I forgot-neither of you are in that secret. I am not to tell you Florence, as it will pain you to hear it. What do you intend to do, Regiunald ?" "Do? Why I mean to carry out this little business my own way. Don't either of you breathe a word, and I'll manage it." "But how ?" asked Mrs. Peudergast. " By meeting the stranger to.morrow night. Trust me, I have thought it all over. But it is late, so I shall seot a good example by retiring," and wishing the ladies good sight, lie went to his room, but he sat for two long hours pondering over the events of the night and concocting his plans for the second interview. CHAPTEIR VI. THIE SECOND NIGHT'S INTERVIEW. Notwithstanding the late hour at which Reginald went to bed, he was up with the sun in the morning, having perfected his plansfor the approaching interview with the veiled unknown. Ho .shrewdly guessed that the house would be well watched during the day, and any person.seen going from there to N- would doubtless alarm the nocturnal visitor, and so spoil the chance of carrying out his.well matured scheme. He wanted to communicate with the police, but how to do so he was at ia loss to conceive. While thinking over the. matter, hlie saw the post-boy in the distance approaching the house, so he sat down at once and wrote to Superintendent Huxtable an account of his previous night's adven ture, advising the superintendent to have officers concealed behind the hedges at certain places mentioned, the signal fot their appearance on the scene to be a shrill "caw." The note was sealed, and given to the boy, with strict injunctions to be taken at once to the superintendent. Tho day passed wearily for ?eginlad, whose impatience for night to approach had the effect of making each minute appear an hour. While he and.the two ladies were at luncheon, they saw a person approaching the house, evi dently a mendicant. from his tattered dress,.but shortly afterwards the sor vant came into the room and informed Reginald that the man wanted to see him, and would not go until he had spoken to him. Reginald at once pro ceeded to the hall door,. and when he got there was given a note by the man who departed. Reginald tore the note open and read: Sir,-- have grespoed.the ,situation.and am prepared. I shall await the.,' caw.". HUXTABLE. "That is first-rate," said Reginald, folding up the note and putting it into hispocket! "Now ma chere Florence, when you are at liberty, please have my w?llkng costume. prepared, and I will take'a; turn:.outside and smoke: a cigar in the meantime." "Very well, Reginald," replied Florence. "I have just to attend to one or. two. things, 'and' then I' will attend to your wardrobe." Reginald passed through the window on to the lawn, lit his cigar, and strolled up and down musingly. He felt somewhat nervous and excited, for he knew full well that the adventure of the previous night was as but play to the one he was about to enter upon. He knew nothing of the character of the individual he was about to en counter. iHe might be a desparado, and before the signal to the police could be given, a shot or a stab might be given him. He would not tell the Indies that there was the slightest cause for apprehension, so he strolled about in the still cool air, until he felt sufficiently calm to proceed indoors and attiie himself in his borrowed .plumes. Very careful was he in donning ithe garments so as. to keep his arms and legs from being impeded in their movements. He looked minutely to the loading and priming of the pistol, and when he was arranged to his own satisfaction he went into the drawing. room.and said with.assumed gaiety, "'Well, my dear ladies, what do you think of young Mrs. Pendorgast now? Is she not charming?" "'You make up splendidly," said Mrs. Pendergast; " but I hope Reginald there is no danger." " Not the slightest. But :you must not wait up to-night, for if my plan is successful, I shall not be home till.the wee small hours!" Wishing Mrs. Pendergast and Flo rence good night, Reginald sauntered out, and walked slowly to keep himself calm and collected. The ball clock etruckrelevson before he emerged on to the road; and as on the night previous all natuio lay in perfect repose, not the slightest breeze even to stir the leaves, not a sound to be heard. With beating heart Reginald looked around, no one was to be seen, the road appa rently deserted save by himself. Could it be possible that in his vicinity were lain concealed the promised constabu lary assistance? What if Huxtable had not made the necessary arrange. ments, or liad mistaken the place of rendezvous ? All these thoughts coursed through Reginald's mind as he slowly paced up and down the road on that starlight night waiting the ex. poetted interview with the unknown. "You are here, and I am late." The -words were uttered close to Regirald's elbow and made him start and turn round abruptly and somewhat ungracefully; but then a lady's move. monts are not always graceful when she is surprised, startled, and taken off her guard. "Yes, I have been here for some time," muttered Reginald," I was almost giving you up." " Oh, I have been here too, but" said the stranger in an explanatory tone, "you must know I have to act with the greatest. caution, and I took care to see that.no one came with you, that you had no communication with any one." " Well, now that you.are here, we had better proceed to business and got it over. Have you the will ?" " I can place it in your hands as soon as I have the £50. Have you the money with you ?" " Of course I have," said Reginald. "I came herotoconclude this business, and I do not want to have my nerves unstrung again by meeting a stranger on a lonely road at this time of the night." "I am glad you have the money. Now let me see it to be certain that that all is equaro." " Very well," said Reginald, putting his hand in his pocket, as if to get out the money ; but with a lightning move mont, with a dexterity worthy an ex perienced detective, he sprang upon lis companion and seized him with a vice.like clutch above each elbow. Completely thrown off his guard, and with a deep-muttered "villany; treachery" in a very masculine voice, the stranger struggled desperately with Reginald, who sent forth the shrill signal-" caw, caw." The stranger was a wiry man, and wriggled out of Reginald's grasp, and sped with great rapidity along the road. " Stand, in the Queen's name," was then heard, " or I fire," but no notice being taken of tile mandate, the clear,, sharp ring.of a shot sounded on the night air, and the flying female figure fell to the ground in a heap, just as two policemen came running along the road in different directions. Reginald ran forward to.see what injury had been inflicted, but Sergeant Bath who had fired shot, told him he need not go, remarking, " This " (pointing to the weapon) is a Colt--my aim. is true; I have only wounded him in the calf of the leg."' Reginald found this to be the case when he advanced to the prostrate figure, who was in a sitting position, muttering curses on the head of Regi. nald, the police and mankind generally. The. constables had a conveyance in an adjacent lane, and when this was brought on to the spot all got in and drove to the station at N-, the. prisoner maintaining a dogged silence all the way. Arrived at the station,. the sergeant, in a mock.polite manner said, "Excuse me, fair lady for taking so great a liberty, but I must look at yopur beautiful face," and suiting his action to his words he raised the veil. " Phillip ! " exclaimed Reginald, in surprise, and he fairly staggered back. "Yes. Phillip," muttered the pri. soner, ;' and I should like to know w?hit you want with me; now you have goe me. Sergeant Bath. "I have'nt it," replied. Phillip, and true enough he had not, for nothing was ,found upon him when.'he wae. searched. The greatest excitement was. felt throughout the county the next day when the news of the arrest was retailed in the .Terlin, but sad disap pointment was felt that the will was not recovered. .However, Sergeant Bath was a cute man, and argued that, not knowing whether he would be betrayed or not, Phillip was.not likely. to keep the will on him, but would leave it somewhere handy, so he.had the vicinity of the encounter searched, and the missing document was found in an adjacent field. The local court was filled to over flowing the following Saturday, to hear the preliminary trials of the murderer and the thief. Sir Herbert Staunton's was the first, and he was committed to take his trial at the following County Assizes, and was removed.to the county gaol, but Phillip pleaded guilty, and confessed his motive. He had. long suspected that Lionel Pendergast's departure from home had, been under, a cloud, and being of an inquisitive turn of mind, he had tried to find out the secret. On the night that the new will was made, on passing the window. of the closet, in the library, he heard the gruff tones of the colonel, telling Mr. Pendergast that.he had come to prove his elder son's innocence. Phillip had.at.firet remained out of curiosity in the closet to hear all. "When he had become acquainted with the suspicions entertained of the imposition practised by Mrs. Hargraves, ho thought.ho could turn that knowledge to a profitable account. He remained in the closet throughout the interview, and only crept back after Mr. Lloyd, Colonel Seymour and Applegate had with drawn. The old squire not leaving the library, Phillip had taken another peep through the closet door, and saw Mr. Pondergast with his head bowed down on the table. At first alarmed he entered the apartment to see what was the matter, and. was horror stricken to find the squire was dead and cold. He was about to summon the house hold, when he saw the new will lying on the table. A thought shot through his mind like lightning-if he possessed that will he would be able to make money out of either Walter or Lionel. He had miscalculated the nature of the former, and thought he would only too readily pay for the destruction of a document which dispossed him of wealth he had acquired under the old. will; but when he heard through a certain channel of T~ alter's noble re. solve, he did not know how to proceed. He soon know that Mrs. Hargraves was suspected by Connolly, and in order to deceive the detective, lie had dressed in female attire, passed one night down the passage, purposely in passing Connolly's room making suf ficient noise to attract that functionry's attention, and then entered the library through the closed window. He saw Connolly's face at the window, and knowing the officer would be coming into the library, Phillip went out by the window, but darted to the next one, which he had taken care to leave un. hasped, entered the house by it, hasped it, and at the time Connolly was standing perplexed in the moonlight night, Phillip was in his own room dis. robing and chuckling to himself at the manner in which he had eluded the detective. He then explained all the rest of Ihis movements, with which the reader is already acquainted, and finally told them how, when he dis covered that he was unable to use the will as lie intended, and dared not come forward to claim the reward, he thought lie might got fifty pounds from Mrs. Pondorgast in the manner which he had trisd, so he took advantage of her husband's and Lionel's absence, but unfortunately for the success of his scheme, Roeginald had appeared on the scene. Both W alter and Lionel gave Phillip a good character, and pleaded for the magistrates to exercise leniency to. wards him, in conseaquence of which he wvas.only soenteunced to three months' mprisonment. CITAPTER..VII TsE OnFy. . TnraL. Thoe county town is generally cro\yded, on Assize. Court days, but never before has, such no assemblage been iwitnessed ivithin the walls of MIonmouth.. Evcry hIotel every house house is full; pcoplo liave not only come from.overy corner.of' tlie county, but from overy long distances, to be present at the trial of a baronet on a char|;e of wilful and deliberat6 murder, and, there are numbers who will have to scntch their sleep iq any sheltered corner, for beds they can get none. At length the day of the trial daweivns, tlhe sun rising bright and gloriously in a cloudless sky, the birds chirp merrily, and all nature hae a cheerful np pearance-a cheerful appearance save to the half dozen men whoare locked up iq the gaol, and to whom that brjght and glorious day will bring their doom, whatever that may be. The conrt is opened with all the Dome observed on such lloccasions. The judge in his scarlet and ermine sits gravely on tlehbench, the place set apart for the barristers is inconvenntly. cr~ wded~, and there is not an inch-of spar room in the body of the court. -Tihe first case on the list is an old criminal clharged 'with burglary, and he is sentenced to: tiansportation for life. A poor girl,. friendless 'eanil homeless, cliharged witli stealing a shawl and pawning.it for lbread, creates sympathy in, the court, and 'faiits; when' shb is' sentenced to three years' imprisonment. Poor girl I"t'e 'ravages of want and diseasq have left their, marks on you ; many ,a syinmpatiising 'eye watches you as you biro carried away, and, 'many a heart feelsl thait ,onco' th" walls of the gaol close upon :yi licy ywill'sinly.'p? again to let,you b'. carried forth to your. log resting place whfio disea'se aniid desititution ae u?'iibcoded, , °'r"'`":: B3ut sow" a detl"'ilke. stillniess' per vades the court'theiasociaie oricis, i Place Herbiert Clifford'Stamaitoi i 'nt Thi? baronet is'bro?gbt into the dock, and :hi gazes r'oud'thli:'court with, an air ofn no clhialan.cs wlc is viemwed with disgust; oby all'. , . Mr. Ernest Mfortmo re, Q.C., prose cutes for the Crown, and thoe prisoner is defended by the, eminnt iAngus ?M'Bratney:' and ' Nato 'gpity." is' the' plea, in a ,firm tone, in answer to the charge. A long timo..elapses before the jury' are empanelled, for, the clalle ngemsre. numerous, on both ,sidesbt at ngth twelve nmen are duly sworn. to try.1the, prisoner, and MIr. l\of ortiQre opensti, proceedings. by detailing how the,'"?dy. of thei mprdgred man, was found in. t)ip, partk, and'it. wan?st first supposed that. lie :had been 'killed..im a i:ffray ey ieh. poachlrs. ' Subsequently events were brought to light wlijih she?ted; thq .mur der of the man.liome tothe prisoner,at the bar, and ?vhen, ficr;recording every, thing, and pointing,to the motive ?which; had ,evidently.actuated athe, prisoner, to conmmitt tho deed,,Mr. Mortinoro. sat down, the li, s ,h of ,;nparlye...veryone, in court, ,s!!apadthemselves as if pronounq-, ing the wptrd 'Gnuiltyv.' .Lure +Ta -wr a i?,n.?erd , wlltne?see col!qd, !first those who. had. found, the. body, then Jack ?Watkins,.who hadwit-. Snessed, the deed. Then the letter was produced, but ,pnoe,,of. these things ap peared.to disturb .the equanimity of the prisoner intheo,slightest, but when Tom O'Dll.. and, Jack .Dermott gave .their evidence, both the, prisoner aud the counsel for tl!e defence. appeared dis turbed. Tom O'Dell.and Jack Dermath were. subjected to a. rigorous "ross- ex amination, but. their evidence.was not shaken. There being no witnesses, called for the defence, . Mr. Mortimore reviewed the evideonce, and, expressed, his tirm .conviction that the jury would .agree .tiat never before had such a complete chain of. circum-. stantial' evidence been :adduced; not. .a link beingimissing, and the whole con clusively demonstrated that the prisoner at, the bar had in a most.deliberate and celd-blooded manner, shot. the deceased man in the back, and solely for the pur pose of obtaining possession of the letter which had ibeen produced in court, and whichl was: a damning witness against the 'prisoner of a vile.conspiracy he liad plotted against the fair fam3 and repu tation of an honest and honorable man. Thie speech was a.long and eloquent one, and the people were already pictur-: ing the judge putting on the black cap, whens Mr. M'Bratnoy rose, and stated to: the jury that one tale. was always good.: until the second had been totl.' His learned friend,- the ' Crown proscutor, wquld of course try to convince the jury that a vile, deliberate and cold- blooded murder had been committed. So far as the evidenice a?udceld was concerned, it, appeared 'li too black against the prisoner., Uniortunately no witnesses could be called .fir the defence, and lhe nmpst therefore, rely'on thleoemmon serisi of the jury to acquit the prisoner of the oharge on. which lie. had been placed to take his trial :No great stiess.'iiist be laid oni the :finding of lthiolettdri " Gentlemen," cdntinuid Mlr. M'.Bratiioney "you have doubtless .heard of the old saw . de nmoaits nil .nii bon ??-speaik nothing, but good of the dead. That gentlme.n;,is a mndato' which one aind all would only, be too ready" to observe, but in some cases, gentlemen, it is im practicable to do so; .tLs unjust; it is iniquitous. The present, gentlemen, is one of.those cases, for in endeavoring to shield the character of the dead we would only he joo-ardising the liberty, aye, the life of the living. It is therefore my painful duty tci nform you that the dead man was a clover forger, and that letter which has been produced to.day is one of his forgeries. He concocted it for the purpose of intimidating the prisoner and extorting money from him, for unfortunately during the prisoner's early carver heo had...be_ ,like many another man, somoewht.gay, and during his continential life had mixed up with persons like the prisoner whom he wished to discard when he had. son his wild oats and settled down on the es tate to which he bad succeeded by tile death of his father. No, gentlemen, you must lay no ;tress what ever on the evidence of that letter. There may have been some document of which the witnesses lhad some confoaed idea, but not a letter of that description ; it, was merely some IOU which had been settled and destroyed, and the document in court was only a vile con coctilon of the deceased's to extort money. That the witness, Jack Watkins, spoke whbat.ie.deemed to be the truth I do not deny. But what is his evidence worth. Gentlemen, a poor half-demented youth, rendered wholly imbecile by the terrible fright occasioned by the peculiar position in which., he, had .been, placed, would easily, conjure up the, picture the poor lad has, described, but it waos nothing more, than imagination. Gentlemen, is it reasonable to suppose tlat a barones, a wealthy landowner, an honored and respected; resident and a county magis trato',rwould ,bo guilty .of the crime im puted, to hilim No, gentlemen, I am convinced you agree with ine tiat it is not likely. I am unable to prove an alibi, but we. declare..w were not in the, park.at tihe time the deed was done, and wo. contend that the deceased met his deathl in a purely accidental manner .in a poachi'ng affray. Geintlempn, I charge you in tlie name of your.jod, of your. conscience, of your,common sense,,to ask y ourselves whether the evidence add uced is, souicient for you' to send a fellqwcreature. into" eternity. "f you, getlo'qen.fiid the prisoner ..guilty, ,you, individually and collectively will hnng ,iim." It will. be you,gentlemen, who do soi for the hang matn is merely, an instrument in your hands' to ..carry not your instructions. GGentlemen, as men,, as, uisliands, as. fathers, I ask .yon topause and,weigh the unsatisfactory evidence, and do not. Shastily arrive ,ata coiiclusion.wlhich may haoe tlhie effec of placinga heavy load'. on. your consciences for the rest of your.,. lives--ith after knowledge of ihaing con-. .: deiinned an innocenttman to death. Mitr Bratney sati do n .quite. ex-. hausted, and the. crod,'lbegan to think. there.'vas .somo iopefor ,tlhe.prisoner. ,.. . 'Tois'.judge .su'mmed"ul p'.calmly and... dispassionately, but itiwns appnrent tlint wlien thi evidence was si'fid, it told wivii stinging force against tlheprisoner. .: The jury haviug.r tired: to'consider their 'verdict, returned into: court in; an hour. -An. awful' stillness .reigned throughout ,the court, 'ind: wvhe tihe ifoe'aerqnoic'd'tljiy (d"Giciity , wih'i ad re'ominodaiont .to.trcy," the decision caused no sensatin, because it 'wassexedpecte d.' . _ Thle judge ptt oni thtobliack cap and septqn ced the 'prssngr, todeptii, holding'". out no hopes of mgrcy, the reconmenda tion of the .juryp ntwithistandinsg. The prisoner was then itaken to the gaol and placed in, the conade.ned cell, but a foitnight afterwardsaias' taken to Portmouth and placed on. board a con vict ship bound fori Australia. Men .of influence had '.eeirtd'll heir. power with th'e flipme Secretary, anitlithe.result was ftlh?at:thq ,senfijcn of.:deathlad been cu??muted to transportation for life; :bdiut ~atlife was not of. long duration, i s iDetl Hihappily. released the. wretched mann froen ?.i?, degredntion two years. after hhe d'l inded in Augtralia. CHAPTER VIII. ALL'S WELL THAT ENDS WELL. Time his glided pleasistly' for se'eral of tihe friends wiose" acqq aintanie, we have niiade iiithis narrative. Onie season 'has given' place to iiii:otlherin'd although during the five yea?r iwliich' liave elapsed since the famunis trial of. tlie baronet for nmurder, men hliave been tried for their hliv? in the county, the gossips still'tell over their tea of tie timee "hen " ?' live .baronet 'was tried for his life, and of the' sePnsation created wlien it wvae ahnbouned ,that the' will' Of tdieold sqluire at The' Glen had beep stolen:' The Glen" lid not charged much in :appearance siicel that tim: . The laiwn s?ais welt kept ag of i e," tle garden is 'as charmingly' sto?ed with the rmany cglored :bea utfuiflfwerfis as ever, and the male and femal.e servants enter. each day as cheerfully upontlihir avocations as over was the ?ent of, The Glen's do mestices. ·Fhero is however, one picture whiei l'enhiances the loveliness of this exquisite ?scene. On the lawn, with' her 'fair ehair shining with 'te golden hue which the tints of the' ettieng sun chst upos it, stands our lieroiae 'Florence, slightly changle it is truher graceful form still ira uu? p matronly i appearance, an'h hern countenance beaming iwit .liHappiness.7 By her side stands a little two-year-old: flc. aimlile of herself, snd gamboling, on the:grass in front is a four-year old boy, like and yet unlike, her. Hea lis all,the softness of.,. her features, but they, seem .more.cast in the nsohld ofh,lis father., .. See, Lionel,'' she. exclaims,. "here comes, papa," ,and ,with a bound, the. youngster is on his feet andt scampering down tloe nvenuesto meeaLthme dogcart in.,. .which Lionel isr~turning from his :hbusi ne s. IJq, .tgO, uis,clhangedibut slightly. `T1?e; sus .? f Auptralia?.at abaroneimd his . "fat?pr peparujalently, but lie looks more.. manly,..mpore noble, than when we firsta. madlo his . acquaintance. 'The groom takes the trap-from .him, and Lionel, seizing. his firstborn in his arms, runs with, him to Florence, .who..awaits his :'naing on the lawn. The loyve gleaming-. in her eyes, the sweet smile with .which. she greets her husbpad, the tender kiss he givesiher, all denote the perfect love, the utmost confidence and the implicit trust they have in each other-all denote the oven tenor of a beloved, happy and peaceful. married .life. Little Florris claps her tiny hands.with glee, and holds out her arms for her father's embrace. Tenderly lie lifts the fragile little area. ture,. softly and tenderly he kisses his little .daughter. ** Ah, my little ]lorrie, I will tell you , a secret, but mamma must not know it," and he looks at the bright blue-eyed little' fairy before him, who in childish prattle tries to convince him that, " Mlamma shall be no wiper." "Well," continues Lionel, " Uncle and aunty will be here in three days." "Are they really coming ? Oh I how glad I shall b% to see them !" and the cougtenance of Florence tells that the words are no empty, meaningless utter ances. " Yes, 'they will be here for a'length ened'stay. But I will tell you all when we get inside. While they are conversing on the subject. so'dear to both, we will glance at events which have transpired during the five years Which have elapsed. Wal ter returned to Belgium as the ninag ing p'iitner of the business there. He has been left a handsome fortune and a fine country estate by a relative in Shropshire, and is now returning to settle down in England, an old and trusted servant, being sent out to take the management of the Belgium branch. A pleasant party that which is' as sembled now on the lawn. Two happy husbands, two beloved wives, and four little children, gamboling in front: of them. . ' "'I am glad: of that," said Walter, handing back 'ii letter'to Lionel.' " I never thought that Phillip tias tlhb roughly bad at heart," - "Yes," said:Lionel, "-I think' re did' right'to assist' him 'to get to Australia after lie 'had "seii;ed his' term of in prisonment.' 'Aiil it is a'satisfaction to learn that he li ti mended his waysa ald is getting `on all 'right,' and ii honest and respected there." ' ' The ti generdti, noible 'iien, whose sole ain: is to do good'to all and injure none, held out a helping hiind to Phillip when released 'frim' gaol'::?,i sent him to try his 'fortunes ini far-off Australia. They saved him from himiself ; thdeypre 'vented him falling into ain 'eril course 'of life,' ahndlnow it is with genuine catis faction: they" learn' 'they hhave: raised a fellow-creature froi a 'life 6f degradatioin and'crimn'i?hichl otherwnis might have been'the'dooni bf'the dishonest servant. May tihoe sitlightly on o'uch noble men'and'their families. Ma1y the d:less ings :"which 'thley richly deserve: attend them thrbaghbsit their lives;, and 'iiny they be its hiippy inr the "love of 'their offspring hs they have been in their'lord: for ecch 'other THE END.; 