MR JUSTICE HIGINBOTHAM’S LECTURE. TO THE EDITOR. —Yours, &c.;, COLIN CAMPBELL 29th August. SIR, —After caret ah study of Mr Justice Higinbotham's lecture, I cannot avoid the feeling that it is thoroughly unsatisfactory, although marked with the individuality and great ability of the learned lecturer. I now ask leaveto deal , with'some cardinal points in his address. He condemns the work of Christian churches as ineffectual, and concludes this part of the argument by saying, “ Everywhere, in | all Protestant churches, dogmatic truth is I either not presented at all to the intellect of | educated laymen; or it is presented in such a way as that the large majority cannot under* stand it and will not accept.it.” Now, the I fallibility and imperfection of the members of I the Church' of Christ, and of .those who I minister in. it is fully admitted. This, bow* ever, is not a sufficient answer, for the lecturer wishes dogmatic truth to be presented, if it be I done in a manner of which he himself approves, l and X am glad to find that he’approves of I dogma, If it. be only ■ the. right dogma. Of tbis in anotherportion of his address he undertakes to be the judge, and lays down the lines of a creed 1 (for it is still a creed, however isolated and simple it may be) which itself, requires to ha examined, in order that we may see from what point.of view he looks and forms I his judgment. Since the world began, men I have been governed in their actions by their { beliefs, : ideas, as our lecturer - calls them, 1 which rule the world'as when Israel in 'the name of Jehovah swept over Palestine—Chris tianity overran Europe—Mahbmmedanism' I seized aod hold possession of the fairest por- I tions of three Certain truths believed in have: left indelible marks on the face of history. Nowj Mr Higinbotham honestly and fairly points but his belief, which I necessarily affects all his other conclusions. Id I the-first place, be refers with marked approval to the utterance of Habakkuk, “The just shall live* by faith,** but not asSt.‘ Paul does, : by opposing that utterance to . the dogmas j that man may be justified by hie - own works, but on the ground that it reduces to one preg nant sentence the 613 injunctions given by. Moses. And yet from my point of view both law and gospel may be involved in that simple dictum, .on which the whole Epistle to the H-imans is . only a commentary. Mr Higio* botbam, however, builds his faith on the. • authority of Christ Himself by referring to i passages where He. iays down the essences of. the Jaw. or elicits it from the lawyer who said, “ What shall l do to inlieriteteroal life.*' Iu these words (taken from Deut. vi.), M Tbou sbalt. love the’ Lord thy God with all thy heart, and thy neighbour as thyself;'* “ this do nod thou sbalt live;*’ “on these two cam*' mandments' hang all the : law. nod the pro*, phets.” In each case Christ was addressing lawyer.or.scribe with whom he dealt bo h*a" own grounds, while at the; same time he enunciated two great principles—the one that the Old Testament dispensation woe one demanding perfect obedience to law, (that it might be our schoolmaster to bring us to Christ); the other that if a man could be found who could love the Lord with all ; his heart aod his neighbour as himaelf, he could thereby claim eternal life by his own works. “No such man ever lived 1 bn this earth except Jesus of N*zaretb,” and what the Christian Church believes Is that we ara “.all concluded under sin, that God may have meroy on all." It may be that'PauTa '.Writings may not be recognised- as an Let us see then how Christ expressed - iumsclf wheu-’ho meant the foubdatiiobs'of fch'e 'Cbristlan faith. The commission': to:the Apostles Mark xvi, was *'Qo ye '.lnto ail world,, and i preach' the' Gbepel , *to l, everjr living creature. He' that believeta 1 and,is 'baptized shall i be ; saved; he that’' disbelieveth 'shall‘!be i condemned,” aud’again,.” Go..and- teach all | nations, baptising them in the name' of the tbr.Sab, and the Holy GboBt”f-thuß emphasising as the foundation’*of the'trae faith the belief in himself as the Son of God (with'; all that 'follows; fronrit); and. also inthe Trinity as co-operating in the work of salva* tioo. But the case is such ' that if particular words of Christ are to be relied bn as anile of life, every other word proceeding from'Hts lips, if authentic, must, be of supreme* authority*' To take one passage, Isolated from its context, ; and start a creedjjipon the strength of not honest if it is.done by. that would be to*V destroy. ajl. Ite value by . making the .beat Ulan that.ever lived truthful in some particulars and a liar in all the rest; and our lecturer does not deny, the authenticity of the Gospels and the perfect character of Christ. If .these are admitted in evidence, we must accept the teaching of Christ in all Its fullness or not at all. So we read, "No mao cometb unto the Father but by me, I nod the. Father are one,” and again, “ The Son of Mao came to give His life a ransom for many.” We have thus to do with an only Saviour, very God of very God, and a deliverer -and ransomer from bondage. Many other'original passages might bo added. The.lecturer repudiates creeds.as* formulated by menj and the apostle's creed U condemned in nil to articles, except the first, "Ibelieve in God.”. If teu- men were con demned to death, and one only were reprieved, ;the ; other nine would be hung, so that negations may be as positive in their effects as affirmations. /• Now the, lecturer says, 11 If we except the first article in the apostle's creed, we shall find scarcely anything in any of the creeds and standards that is not an unauthor ised addition to.the primitive simple doctrines.” Under the term scarcely* anything must there fore be included," 1 believe in the Son and in the Holy Ghost.” To repudiate these is to belie the whole life aud. teaching of Jesus Christ ait given in the Gospels, and Mr Qigior botham'a negative propositions remain to be proved. The whole of Paul's teaching must likewise bs set aside, although he was the specially accredited ambassador of Christ,, along with ether -apostles' to whom it was said, , M Sb I am with you always, even to the end of the world.” How also is the historical effect of Christianity and of Paul's preaching to be accounted for, except by the conviction of truthfulness on the minds of men in millions up to the present day. I can only indicate the strength of an argument, which to common sense is irresistible. The lec turer's concluding remarks make it clear that I have not. misrepresented bis views. His advice, to . intelligent laymen is “ to withdraw resolutely aud with all speed from all the lower standpoints of thought that are now no longer tenable, and meet on the high, central platform of thought—God the living Will, God revealed anew to the intellect, in-every minute movement of matter, and in all the phenomena of this vast universe, and also to the responsive human heart, as the Father, the friend, the guide, and. the support of our race, in the simple but profound philo sophy, and also in the sublimest life, of Jesus of Nazire’tb, the light of the world.*' With the previous argument in view, these* words can only moan that there Is one God, and Christ is His prophet, endowed with far more Divine wisdom and light than sopber, but not speaking with absolute authority as the Son of God. I would gladly find myself mistaken in the view I have taken of Mr Higinbotham's creed, but we have a right to .. ascertain it when it is' used as a tower from which he . shoots his powerful -missiles against Christian creeds and churches. The lecturer's extreme dissatisfaction with the existing state of things is now accounted for, and he cannot be expected to sympathise with those who have to fight the battle in a ; field which is not open to his vision. - The situation is different, and he, with’ many others of the 11 wise and prudent,” is looking through the broad end of the telescope, reducing all to a fine point; while we with a wider.view see bur own weak: ness In a .fallen state—^-are.aware: of the;des perate struggle between good and .evil which is going on id the world, as. forewarned by prophecy, r while we "hold the fort” against all manner of obstacles, but are not dis' pirited, because we know that , -Jesus .of NVzarotb, who -bimsejf.. .turned defeat into victory, is with us; and 11 if* God be for us who can be against us!” With your permis; eion I will deal with other points In another letter.- 