Oca Constitntioii is incomplete; and the Ministry will do good service to the conotry if it fills in the blank. The black consists in there being no power to impeach ox-Ministers of the Crown, who, by their negligence^ rashness, or abase of power, plunge the country into financial difficulties, or do sach other things as are a disgrace to the exalted and highly responsible position which they have filled. As the matter stands, the people have no protection against wrongs which Ministers may commit while in office, and thus be able to conceal the outrages which they are indulging in to placate or beneiit their supporters either inside or outside of Parliament The most unconscionable blunders may be committed, or the moBt outrageous frauds be designed and carried out, to keep place and pay; and there is no check upon these .wrongs* because the perpetrators know that they incur no personal responsibility by plunging into these malpractices. Politically, they may be injured when the truth comes out, if. it ever does. But they know that time will sweep away this injury, if it should arise, and therefore, little importance is attached to tie only illconsequence which abuse of the Ministerial position now carries. What will meet the exigencies of the period is alone t&onght; of and done, because there is no risk of anything at all: seriou", to those who exercise power on this basis, supervening. "VVe believe that, tcken all round, Victoria has had Ministries as free from blame in this connection as most communities. Wei believe that a very large percentage indeed of our public men who have held portfolios from tbe Crown, have been entirely free from any wilful wrongdeing, and in all they have done bave been actuated by tbe most reasonable, practical; and creditable intentions. Cat we just as fully believe that we have had others, or the balance, that iave been quite the reverse. Men,-by a lucky turn in the wheel of fortune, hare found themselves Miaisters of the •Crown, who never should have been in that position, and when tiuna they have not hesitated to resort to improper means to cement their hold 'upon >ower, and little or nothing has lean heard of their improprieties afterwards, because incoming Governments rarely care to disclose jthe wrongs done by, or the shortcomingstheir predecessors. In this respect, iiere is a sort of freemasonry among public-men, and the result is that wrongo heve been done by Ministers which the .pnbiic has never heard a wordefoout, because it has l»een felt by those who have >come after, that no useful purpose would be served by making the disclosure, since beyond indulging in •xcnu. nothing of a damaging character .to the perpetrators of those wrongs -would follow. It has only been when a new Government has found xitsdf .paralysed by the recHessnessxif .its immej"diat^>redecessor, that <the ^secret ^bas f° m ® o u t — a i l ofrer-cases the matter i uaa been kept as dark .as thegrave, .and ^Q-lte as silent. JJ^ we -submit it is irigh time that thss £tate of things eame to an end. It is -high 4ime that matters of this sort were placed on a sounder footing, for to .auy -community &e; doing of this is offeal .vital import-j ance. Corruption, or recklessness, .on the part of Ministers, -or a JUanister,; means aenbstantial amiSastingJotstothe community, to say nothing about the demoralising elements wiach itcoatains. It creates financial disturbances, which mean the retardation of required .pablic works, or the imposition of fresh taxation, or at least delay in remitting some taxation which -is already imposed j and all, or any, of these • occurrences taean atbstantial loss to die psople. should tbe people ba t to these wrongs, when there is an eas^ means ef avpiding them.f Why, inr deed, -mafr well be the eicelamatioa aroused byihis question.. Tbe people should akfcrly be protected against Ministers felsifying, or ot&erwise; abudng, their tnist, wheQierdesignedly, or through w«at of proper attention to iheir duti^, by the power of impeachbeing aSUated upon the Conetitnitxm. Ti^'wonl wiwae Integrity ermental capacityw^ c&*hp. loose kind, from wrong- doing, or setictLs blundering, because they would feel that if they fell into bad or risky patii^, they would have tb eu&r; person&U;^ as'well aB poIitically, for their misconduct, whenever the time came round tor them to depart from office. TMr eaeeessors would then be compelled to disclose wbkVtiiey lud foiind. oat, because it "wonld be tbe law that of this fact, this danger, would ,kegp tbe most reckless or flagrantly-disposed Ministers c&Q;(aoos and luynest. Tke power. of impeaching cx-Mtnlcters who have abcicd their IroBt, exists fa asd 16 found t? be attesd«d with good practical results in keeping MinisteR straight; for the»e ia no trusting to a parliamentary majority alone, for a variety of reasons, to effect this end. Experience shows thst we want that power here; and if tbe present Ministry 3b° Q ld fill up this M"iir in oar laws, it will do credit to itself, and considerable service to the country. No more docks and drakes would -then be played with the public fandB by liabilities being incurred without the money to pay them off; and no end of good would accrue to the people by an end being pat to proceedings of this senseless and highly mischievous nature. IT is gratifying to find the dispute between the operative bakers and their employers in Bollarat, i£ not completely settled, at least so close to that stage that a very short time should now suffice for its perfect adjustment. So far as we can judge from the correspondence and die reports, there is only one master baker standing ont, and it is not to be supposed that he will long remain in this anything but desirable or pleasurable state of isolation. The quarrel, therefore, appears to have pretty well worn itself out, with the result that the men obtain, as far as we can see, all that they originally asked for. The dispute has been a very long one, and at times rather an angry one; but we frankly avow that we have never been able to understand why it should have been so hostile or protracted. The hours that - operative bakers were kept at work were simply outrageous, and a disgrace to civilisation: and the wages they , were pud were out of all comparison, for moderation, to the rates which prevailed, and still prevail, with all other trades or callings. AU that thej was that the honrs should be reduced io tea, ot to two more than the law makes a legal day's work in this colony, and that a uniform rate of £2 10s a week should be paid for the description of labor which ia employed in the bakehouse. These proposals were so moderate that they ought to have been consented u> at once; but there has been any amount of friction in getting them en- dorsed, and the occurrence of this friction, and the consequent delay, are, to all minds outside the baking trade, positively unaccountable. For if the requests of the men, when granted, involved masters in an extra ontlay, which their profits wonld not bear, they occupied the almost singular position of being able to raisa the price of their goods to meet the difficulty, without the army of consumers bang able to get out of paying the increase. But the main reason why no outsider can understand the dispute going oa for so many months, is that the master bakers af Melbourne have long since conceded the terms mentioned above to their employes; and if the bakers in Melbourne could do this, without finding it any inconvenience, why could not the Ballarat bakers do the same thing ? " This is the difficulty that confronted outsiders when watching the dispute; and it is a problem we 'claim to be excused for being unable to find any means of -salving. Certainly there has been a second or l!hird man element in the case, around which the great i?n?k •Of the dispute has revolved, and to which we supfose all the delay is •due. lint as outsiders cannot well grasp this technical element in the case, the continual ghost-like appearance oE this aecond or third man did not help os, at all events, to understand why there was so much procrastination in bringing the dispute to a termination. The whole ftfiair seemed to most people to lie in a nutshell of no very great size, and being thus circd inscribes, or condensed, it ought, we think, teiiave been settled long since. However, it is a comfort to see the dispute £5 nearly at an end now; and it is to bs hoped that the last standing out baker will give way, so that the end i& fall may-soon 1 come about The men are fully -en-i! titled to all they have ewaght, and it is oaly to be regretted that as the justice of the case is so plainly on their tide, what they have asked for was net earlier conceded. The end, howevsr, seems now at hand; wH no reasonableminded person will rt^jrot its adjustment. The correspondence per R.M.S. Australia cached Ballamt last evening, and will be delivered this morning by the ordinary £«t delivery of letter-earners. The barricading system comes into force again to-monow, and none but bona _fi.de. travellers will be admitted to the platforms at the Western railway station from the enforcement of tbe regulation until the £Sth instant. Yesterday carpenters were busy in making a gate at the northern end of the bridge over the lines. The money order and savings bank fceanch at the Ballarat Post Office will be doted on Friday, Satnrday, «nd Monday, ."tffotioes giving full particulars of the other holiday arrangements in the 'Postal and Tehgraph Department are posted oateifie the Post Messrs H. Bell and Uren, M.P., hadahinter- V'ew yesterday with the hon. the Minuter of Education re Dowling .Forest State ec&ool;, when it was agreed that as soon as the accessary lands were available alternate tenders, in wood and brick, woeld be called for the •erection of a new school. . ... The Bishop of Ballarat, when he left his eiooeee to visit England had, as the main object of bis joatnery, the raising cf » klm of £5003 for diocesan purposes, having In" view also the obtaining of the enm of money promised In the diocese by a certain society conditionally npon the j£5000 being raisSf Widtin, a certain time; Ur Thornton faasf already remitted to this colony £-2000, and: beat .enabled thereby to . claim from the »ode«y; a portion of the sum conditionally' promised. • . • »d^ Mr fi^Morey^ who has recently Ktarned| feam a. Jsmr in the old world, states that he' inspected a great deal of^Machinery doting bis jouraey, and found that n<nie w«l He noticehowever, that mechanical gineers and inventors turned their attention^ ve^. greatly - to" tks means o£ .conserving feel, the object being, of course; te lessen . the . coat of working machiner^ He thought mschauics in this caiony should tike this mattw serirasly into consideration, tbe more particularly becanse iad ^was rafStfy becomine scarcer in the copulated places or the catony. He erpresaed n f ear that within twenty yeaiB mining wanld be I»raljsed; from want inel and tmnin? b timber. . . The lad Peter Hicks, arrested some time ago for vagrancy, and suspected of-bans conoemad in A robbeiy of £13 fiom a boose a.t Cope Clfiar, was once more brought nn at I the City -Police Court yesterday, »nd aJtin remanded. J Tke circumstances in-tins cue a ,".ther wcoliar ones. The lad, who fe wdl droased and intelligent looking, when first brought before the City bench, gave neb a pljui»ibW*ocount of faiouelf -eod bhs ^ing» that the magistrates remanded htm tot mresbgation of his previous oireer. This was found.difficult to cfiect, and twice more, much, against his wHl, was Hicka remanded. Oue of;the prisoner's "yarns" was that he bad Jjeen Working in a gtngerbecr factory In Mellxmrna, and some inachiuery breaking. • f e t «>V a trip to Ballarat wbde repairs w«e Can]en reading ssmo previous convictions recorded against the youthful prisoner. Hicks retorted that any previous delinquencies of bis could not then be brought against him. Tie sergeant intimated that the lad's employer was to have arrived in Baliarat to identify the prisoner; bat as be put is no appearance,' HickB was remanded till Thursday. yesterday afternoon Mr Heme, the prisoner's former employer, arrived in Ballint larat, identified HickB as a. lad he bad dis- charged on account of giving his name as (jreen (not at all appropriate), and prodacing excellent references in that name, which are alleged to be forgeries. Mr Herne aito etated that jus: when the prisoner disappeared from his establishment be (Mr Heme) missed a pocket-book containing £20 5s, and subsequently found the elastic fastener of tbe pocket- book in one of the pockets of Hicks' old clothes, which he had discarded ia the metropolis. At Craig's hotel last night Mr R. M. Serjeant, who is about to leave Billarat and visit England, was entertained at a banquet by a number of his personal friends nod the leading citizens of Billarat West. - During the evening Mr Serjeant was presented by the mayor of the city -with a complimentary address. A resume of the proceedings at the banqnet will be foond in another column. Captain Evans, superintendent of the Ballarat Relormatory, on Monday left for Tasmania, he having been granted treU-deserved and necessary leave of absence. Daring the time he is away the Reformatory will be under the immediate chargc of Mr O'Connor. A youth named Frank Anderson was yesterday brought, in custody of the police, from Geelong to this city to answer a charge of stealing a watch and chain from a dwelling. He- was lodged in the City lock-up, pending his appearance at tbe City Police Court. Oa the Cch of this-month a watch and chain were stolen from the house of Mr Henry Mathews, on the Creswick road. The articles, it ia etated, were found by tbe police, at Geelong, in the possessicn of Anderson. The prisoner is said to be connected with the hordeof released Reformatory boys which invaded Ballarat a week or two ago. Mr K. 3f. Serjeant narrates, as a matter of history in colonial mining, that he-and Mr \ ictor, late of Ballarat, were the first miners in Victoria who sank a shift through the basalt, Tbcy accomplished this, then 6 Dew departiife ia mining operations, at Fryera' Creek, in the year 1853. The mayor of the city publicly stated last night that the whole cost of the local works in tbe CSty of Ballarat, including loan liabili ties, &c.;, was a little over half a million sterling. The rem-irk was made that it would be hard to find where half a million had been spent with more advantage, to the people interested. A musical and varied entertainment was given in the Temperance Hall, LearmoDth, on Monday evening in aid of the Wycliff Church parsonage and bazaar fund. There was a splendid house, notwithstanding the threatening state of the weather daring the day, and the programme rendered was evidently much appreciated, judging by the freqoent eacqres that were demmded. The vocal and instrumental portions of the entertainment were well sustained by Mrs Daniel, Misses Farrer, Schnitz, and Dewar, Dr Woinaraki, and Mr D. Coutta. Readings and recitations were given bv Messrs Daniel, C. Woiaarski, F. Walker, and \Y. Bain. A vote of thanks to the chairman, Mr G. G. Morton, brought a most enjoyable entertainment to a close. As a token of respect for the mem Dry of the late-Mr Joseph Lowe, an employ^ of the Town Council almost since the proclamation of the town as a municipality, and also a very old resident of Billarat,'the Ballarat Esst Town Hall flag was flying half-mast yesterday, when the funeral of the deceased took place. The employes of the Town Council joined in the funeral procession, which started from deceased's late residence, in Eureka street. Mr Lowe was nearly seventy years of age, and wis greatly respected by all who knew hi®. _ At the banquet given to Mr Serjeant last sight, at Craig's hotel, there was a large gathering of mining investors, including several who were among the first to enter the Ballarat diggings thirty years ago. Many talcs of early gold-mining experiences were related, and the company genoraHv found Bnch interest in the relation that it was decided to make au attempt to have periodical gatherings of the identities of early Ballarat. As one of the Delivery Company's vehicles was being driven past Mrs Kierse's place in Eyre street, yesterday, a greyhound ran out, and getting between the legs of tfce horse, tripped it, the fall being disastrous both to the barker and the equine. The former had two iegs broken, and to pot the fjor animal out -of piin it had to be destroyed. The horee had its knees smashed, while the driver and vehicle were uninjared. Tbe Trinity Independent Gturch, Raglan street, held a tea and public meeting in the church yesterday. At the tea, for which Mr H'Kenzie, of Bridge street; was the caterer, a good many sat down, the following ladies Ably officiating at the tallies.:—Mesdames 'renin. Penny, Berry {senior and junior), and the Misses Borrowman'(three), Draisey, and Teal. After tea a public meeting was held, at which the Eev. IT. G. Perrin presided, and delivered an interesting address. Mr Martin Hosking, town missionary, also addressed (he meeting, apologies being received from the Eev. i. Walker and Mr J. K. Macintyre. During the evening some Bongs were rendered in « very creditable manner by the Misses Snrowman and Teal and Messrs Jeffree, Aiabett, and Ross, Miss Handford efficiently presiding at the piano. The eight hours' asniversary committee met at their office, Cangj street, on Monday evening. The. varioes subrcommittees reported that they are receiving every encouragement in the «sle of tickets and ia getting donations in connection with tbe artunion, and that all thetieadiug prizes are now on view at the various tradesmen's establish- ments, such as the gacad piano at E. H. Sutton and CJ.*S, DRANRINGFOOM suite at Stemfdd, LeVinson, and Co.'s, silver service at A. Marks', Start street;, bicycle at Ramray B. Bridge street; clock, at M. Blonstem's, Start street. Also, that the programme of the eporta has been duly advertised in the three local papers, showing the date on which the entries are to bs made, and it was resolved that there be a procession on the morning of the 2lst of April, and that the same walk tfcrongh the city and town to the Eastern Oval, on aline to be detained on, as to starting place, &c.;, which will be named at a fatten meeting. A new phase of inciting behavior was investigated at tbe Citj^Police Conrt yesterday. A boy haying been, caught in toe act of tin-kettling a newly- married couple, was charged with insulting sbehavior in a public place with intent to prwoke a breach of the feaee. - The nrchio, wken asked by the magistrate what he h^d to say, replied. "I didn't know I was doing any harm till the policeman caught me, sir," and the magistrates, thinking the J&d; was innocent of any attempt to raise a riot in the neighborhood, dismissed the case. The annual meeting of the Free Library, -Sebastopol, was held on Iganday evenine ithn' ihe-president ^irmriilnvit: (Mr fKTw Divid - Tl^vSJ Eughes) XT. in the' c,l,I r - 'The balance-sheets and auditors* rc- 4»rt certifying thecorrectae«i<if theaccoants were read and adopted. The receipts, ju- «lndmg an overdraft of £1S j»j sj, amountsd Ite j£10916»2i Theexpcnditare included— General changes, £8 2s 63; land'ind bnUdi=g. £17 17s 81; iaaaest, ffe oas. £14- 8a 6d; periodicals, : adrertismg, £5. -Election of officers.—Mr p^riaflnghes ij^as re-elected president, Mr Lecfc»e vice-president, Mr D^kintan trea- BM«r. Mr Wall trustee member aS committee, and Messrs Bdl and Thompson *nembecs of committee. Messra lattaua aud Srebant were re-elected auditors. A vote of thanks to the president - concluded the twrim. --in-. One of tiose interesting events, in Which tbe fur eei especially take such a deep interest, took fdaee mm Kcarsdale yesterdjiy (Tuesday), when RUss Jane Young, eldest hnghter ofMr W. Touog. wi^mSWied to T. COMIE, State school singing master t; Sandhurst. JCae ceremony was ner- fonned by the Eev. W. B. Hntchiuson, Prabytemn minuter, at the residence «jf the bride's parents, where the hapny caaplo and * iew relatives and personal Sends piwtook of tbe wedduig brtjkfaat, and afterwards departed on their bridal tour. - At a meeting of the Melbourne City Council, on Monday, it was resolred to aropt Sir Juhiu Vosei'd nffortoIightElizt-, for fix months, at 1 acopt of £320 m excess of whatit-ironld 1 cost for gas for tbe same period. Walker, Duia street. The piano is the maonfacture of Gors and Kallmann, Berlin, and is very handsome in appearance, with a beantifnlly brilliant tone. The tuning plate is cf polished nickel, and tbe tout en- «m≤ of the instrument is such that it is well worthy the inspection of connoisseurs, or anyone in quest of a really good piano. Tbe train from Ararat, which should arrive here at ifl.3 p.m„ was yesterday lialf-an-hoar behind j time. The cause ' of * the late arrival was delay in starting. Tbe system of terrorism being practised by the disaffected Irish in .London has unfortunately brought in itB train tbe inevitable result ot Buffering by many probably innocent persons, for a London paper received by last mail says that "ia the East-end of London thorc appears to be a growing dislike against the' Irish population. Thousands of Irish men and women are unable to obtain! work on any terms, and it is said that with-1 in tlic last fort-night two or three large manu-1 factoring firms have discharged some bun-1 dreds of their Irish workpeople, in order to replace them by Englishmen." I We have received the current number of 1 tbe' JUwitTclzd Avstraiian i\ios, which as 1 usual csatains a number of interesting wood-j cuts,iDcliiamg"The Raising of the Austral,"M portraits of the new Ministry, "Tower Hill, Lake Koroit, and others. j Mr Edgar Sprague, who leaves to-day for I Europe, was entertained on Monday after-1 noon, at Scott's hotel, by the members of the J Melbourne Stock Exchange. Almost daily fresh instances become known (says the Age) of the discreditable appoint-1 ments made by Mr Bent when in charge of 1 the Railway department. The lateBt dis-1 closure is the appointment of Mr Wm. 1 Thomas, of Brighton, as assistant valuator, | „ they had | been hopelessly beaten ia the country. The j peculiar circumstance, however, in connection with the appointment is that the Mr I Thomas in question is the gentleman who figured so conspicuously on a former occasion j as the agent for the sale of Mrs Bent s gravel, i'rom that time to the date of his appoint- 1 ment Mr Thomas has been a daily visitor to the Railway department, and his pertinacity and Mr Bent's favoritism have resulted in iiiB permanent engagement on the terms already Qtated. « • « . . , _ ., i The finacaal position of the Railway Department, as disclosed by Mr Gillies, the praent Minister tsays the Telegraph), wiU certainly be followed by a considerable reauction in the current expenditure. The Kensington Hill works, at which a large number of men are employed, will be discontinned; some of the survey parties will be instructed to suspend operations, and reductiona will be made at Spencer street. Insolveccy certificate meeting? were held j on Monday, in Geelong, before his Honor I Judge Nolan, under the old Insolvency Act, [ in the estates of Levi Baker, fruiterer, of I Ballarat, and Hug(i Smyth, produce dealer, I of Geelong. A certificate of discharge (says j thc Atli:.zrtiser) was granted in each case. The conference of delegates from the Master Bootmakers' Association and the j Operative Bootmakers' Society (says the]® Telegraph) met on Monday evening, under the presidency cf Mr James Ferguson, at the Temperance Hall, for the purpose of I considering the " statement" of prices pre-j pared by the operatives. The various items I were discussed at length, and the question I of prices as regards, the " patting-up" of j men's and youths' elastic-sides was satjsfac- j torily settled. I A meeting of the Coachmakera' Eighthours' League was held at Wilmore's hotel, Melbourne, on Monday evening (says thk Telegraph), when nrrangements were I foe a coaference of the trade to be held in Melbourne on the "21st of April, at which the country delegate mil bc entertaiued at a dinner A question of some importance to parents and t-uardians (says the /WW) mentioned in the Supreme Court on Tuesday morning by Mr Parves, counsel for the defendant in the case James Lord v Board of' Lind and Works, for injuries Snstauied by ffit tto^y S S | 0 Mr Parves said he thought it TO time that some legislative action was taken in the interests of minora for whose beeefit snch I provide that it be iovcstedlor the beneiit cf the injured children. In samminc up the case for the jury, his Honor cordially endorsed the remarks cf Mr Purres, and said he thought damages assessed on behalf of I children, not only is snch cases, but mining and all other accidents should be invested. I The Phceais Foundry Company (says the j Argus) are continuing to supply locomotive engines to the Railway department, in ac- j cordance witfe their contract. During tbe 1 past three yeara and three months they have I delivered the following engines:—In 1680 | a light-line passenger locomotives and 21 main line do—total, 7; in 18S1—10 light-j line goods-engines; in 1SS2—10 light-line j goods engines, 4 colonial-American, and 4| suburban tank engines—total IS. Daring j thepiBt three mouths they have delivered j 2 subarban tank engines and 1 of the colonial-j American .pattern. I The feet draft of about seventy men who! passed the medical examination as candi-l dates foe the police force (says the Herald) 1 having -been absorbed into the ranks, the-] Chief Commissioner is about to call for »p-1 plications for about one hundred men de-1 sinotis of being employed in the foot service. J Should the Government adopt the estimates j of their predecessors in this respect, above i fiftv mere men will be required, which, with 1 the number annually retiring by death, J superannuation, or from other ramffp. ^ j soon echaust tho addition to force obtained! out of the hundred men now. called npoB, a I certain percentage of whom will certainly j thC i,1EpeCti0n rf offic^ ^ ' he m e d H , With referent to ^tdder race at the late Bremen's demonstration at Sandhurst, I ° E D^lln Expres* eaya:- P»?ed off very pleasantly, « « the l°xT the rac . e 0ae ' o' theio Sandhrast NO. I and one of the Buninyong t f IT oS - and h » d to d again, when the latter won with plenty to I spare, hot the judges gave their decision in 0 1 ttn "^M ^ ^ d after being hooted rie y^R tbytl,e a ^ ^ ^ n °tber J TheB-minyongman veiy properly re-j feedtoteragam. M he had alr^d/ion the prize. The committee afterwards decided to I mve him a gold madal of equal value with! the other, *hus expressing disagreement with j A board of enquiry will shortly be an-L pointed (says the herald) to enq^into ^ Wdnct of tbe teacher of the Newstead State school who was reported for ^ neglect of i^, rendering'himliabte to missal from toi service. — i?'^? 0 ? 8 the 23rd to UiU «7th instant, the haymarket from 2Srd to 38th instant, and the corporation baths on O?od Friday and Easter I Monday, in obseevanca of the Easter holidays. j Aconcertin aid of the BJlarat Benevolent I Asylum is to be heia «t Elaine this evening. 1 and the ^ku- promise, tone a g^t snccej tf^lf" 1 - vocalists have kindly conBented to assist, vi^ MUs Davies, Miss Greviile, and Messrs Caalv Wilkin- jThe Misses C>Sey aunouiioe inouradver-1 S 3 l ° ^ i ' i £ ! t t h e ! r ^ l te^nduct^^SSMAprilat^he^ceum 1^0™ ^\ Ly0D . 8 J^eel ' Saturday classes] rT? The weU-known acquirements should ensure them a large number of pupil,. t " - , ^ « ' Meniberaof the Batlarat Tfoop prinoeofl Kgbt Horse are requested te assemble onThureaay moming. At ten o'clock, atthe and varied programme has been arranged. The chair will be taken by Br Grant, W.C.T., and £r Field will officiate at tbe piano. Tbe tea commences at half- past six o'clock. Easter excursions are announced in onr advertising columns, per steamer Alert from GeeloDg to Melbourne on Good Friday, and from Geelong to Portarlingtoa, Qaeeascliff, and Portssa, on Easter Monday. The quarterly meeting of the Loyal British fLodge, No. 5, P.A.F.S.O.A., will be held on Thuisday evening, at half-pastsevcn o'clock. The Corner Football Clnb will meet this cveciiig, at eight o'clock, at the Albion Imperial hotel. A meeting of the Csrpentcrr Cricket Clnb lii is called for this evening, at eight o'clock, at the Societies' Hall, Grenvijle street, The butchers'employes meet at the Ameri can Clnb hotel, Bridge street, this evenipg, to arrange for a cricket match on Good Friday. The annual meeting of the Mount Pleasant Mutual Improvement Association is announced for to-morrow evening. The annnal association of the Welsh Calvinistic Methodist Connection is convened at Sebastopol next Satnrday, Sunday, and onday, and on Sunday the Revs. D. Jones iMelbourne) and W.Kicholson(latelyarrived from home) will preach. The banquet to Messrs Davies and Young, M.L.A., will take place on Friday evening, ®)th instant, at the Scarsdalc towii halL The quarterly meeting of the Sons and Daughters of Temperance, Baliarat division, is called for this evening, in the Societies' Hall. The Torquay, L.O.L., No. 70, meets this evening at the lodfc-room, Brown Hill, at eight o'clock. \- - Mr evening cf Easter Monday. The monthly meeting of the Field Cinb and Science Society will be held this evenlog, at eight o'clock, at the School of Mines. A meeting of the Loyal Ballarat LoSee M.U.LO.O.F., will be held this evenin-at the lodge-room, British Queen hotel. " 