OJJDS AND ENDS. (By " Vaukikn.") , Hoskins was brought up for burglary. You don't know Hoskius 1 Well, perhaps not— neitli6r do I—but ho was brought up all the same. A woman round the corner said he had robbed her of £23. It is extremely improbable, of course, that women living round corners should possess £-3, but this one did, and Hoskius toed the scratch for stealing it. The money was afterwards found—where she had placed it—in some drawers. All this happened at Kmerald Hill a few days ago. But although the " greed " was found, the wily police (bless you! you can't keep anything from them) were not to bo put off the scent, so they ransacked Hoskins' place and found two skoletons. They were keys. Onco upon a time n man (I won't say whore) was brought up for murder and found guilty, although his supposed victim, with a de pression in his skull you could " rowlacat in," elbowed his way into the court aud swore ho had tumbled into a quarry. But the foreman of the jury declined to alter tho verdict, as tho prisoner had stolon or.o .of his goats a year or two before. And this brings mo back to Hoskins and his skeleton keys. < The police demanded a conviction, and asked that evidence regarding his character should be received. Naturally enough the man's counsel objected— at least until some definite charge was proved. His representations ultimately prevailed, but the presiding magistrates (they were all Js.V.) remarked that if the police had not withdrawn their demand for Hoskins' previous history he | would have had to go to gaol. This should bo a warning to those who like myself keep , skeleton keys. Iu future I intend to hide mine. The Mayor of Moscow has been disgraced and dismissed for advising tho Czar to grant Con stitutional Reform.. Whan, the crisis comes— and it will come with tho same certainty as a war between Franco and Germany—historians, liko J. S. of tho Argus, will be in waiting to tell us of the virtues and refinement, the "simple and touching attitude" {vide European tolegrams) of the murdered Empress, just as tliey tell us of poor Antoinette. Bah! It makes one's gorge rise. Given millions of people clamoring for freedom, and thousands of officials, with the Sovereign at their head, stamping down with no light heel those aspira tions and cfforvcscenses, which is likely to win in the long run? And when tho people, the nation, the s mn-ciilotlrn, if you like, win, is it •likely they will stop at a woman or two, notwithstanding her "simple and . touching attitude?" In the jiolitical history of mankind there is one lesson in particular that has been written, I don't know how many times. It has not been written in one language, but in many; It is to be found in English, German, Italian—even in Chineso. It- last and biggest writing was in French. But in all the meaning is the same, anil that meaning i3 that tho farther you bend tho bow tho greater is!tho recoil -when tlio string happens to break—unless you break tho bow with it. If, through generations, you keep down a nation that is determined to bo free, then sum*, qui pent when they get tho upper hand. Xiie rulers' attitudes may bo " simple and touching," but down they go all tho same. An Imperial rescript tells us that the Czar I has no foreign aggrandisement in his oyc. Ho. shows his good sense there, 'unless ho intends to go cast. So far as Europe is conccrned, tliero is I an extremely awkward billet of wood in his way. It is the German empire. Extension that way—so long at least as that simple young person Bismarck is alive—lias some disadvan tages. Lookers on—especially if they are a good distance away, without being too far—3ee most of the game, and we in Australia, in spito of our distance and meagre information, can follow the moves in the same old problem now being played on a vaster theatre—the problem that Englishmen and Frenchmen solved by placing Charles I. and Louis XIV. in check. Representative government has many drawbacks. There is apt to bo too much talk and too little work. Patient merit has often to stand cap-in-hand, and pull its forolock to ignorance and impudence as they sweep disdainfully by. But who that has lived under constitutionalism would change it, with all its defects, for the mildest and most paternal of despotisms? Carlyle, of course, was so much in love with Frederick aud Frederick's father (that gentle monarch who used to strike Berlin ladies on the shoulders with his cane and toll them to go home and "mind their brats") that lie put them in the front rank of his heroes. Historians who do not sec beyond their noses tell us that if this Stuart had charged properly at Worcester or that Bourbon swept the Boule vards with grape, all would have been ended happily, and fine ladies and gentlemen could go on for ever strumming pretty love ditties, and clapping the Voltaires in duranco to learn on bread and water, with an occasional taste of the cane, that some tilings should be let severely alone. The Czar appears to bo bent on playing the game over again. At. present he holds the best trumps, but will he win? It was absurd to think that things could always go on like this without a remedy. I mean stray dogs and all-devouring goats. The great difficulty— the difficulty that wrecked many a promising goat inspector, and threw him back on the painful alternatives of keep ing a public-house—or running for Parliament —Avas not so much the catching tiic marauders, but knowing what the deuce to do with thbm when caught. I am aware, of course, tliafc it was proposed to keep them till the warm weather, about the end of February, and then shoot them into the Reserve dam to make a living on the "green scum," which Mr. Knight states appears with disheartening regularity on that body of water, in spite of the determined efforts of tlio corporation laborers. The proposal, it will be remembered, was rejected by the council on the representation!) of the Barkly Ward goat proprietors—that, how ever their animals might thrive on ginger-beer bottles and an occasional paving stone, they were a cut above the city surveyor's "green scum." The following is a3 old as the hills, but npmpoa-.—" What's the matter w;th the boss, now I've paid you for him?" said the purchaser. "Well," .said the dealer stolidly, "Yersee, wen yer put 'im in a paddock its worry 'ard to ketch 'im; and wen you do ketch 'im he ain't worth nothing." So with stray goats and dogs. But, as I before remarked, a U3e has been found tor them. They are to be sent to the Royal Park, in Melbourne, and given to the lions and tigers. Fact. And this brings me to a billy-goat that lives up our way. He is either the original scape-goat referred la in history, or else a very near relative — probably on the father's side. At all events he must have carried a lot of sins in his day, and they must have been bad. The boys in the street ride him sometimes, but before securing his services— especially if they get at him from the leeward— they wear clothes' pegs on their noses. I have an interest in this old chap. He has me out of bed every morninir with extraordinary regu larity, and a few times during the night when the zephyrs come my way and kiss him as tlicy ■ pass. If the present goat inspector, Mr. will call up Bayne-street way, I can put him all right with the council, and when the brute (the goat) is removed to the Royal Park, I shall cer tainly atterid just to see tlio tiger that tackk-s | him. Them is a total abstinence society in Bendigo. Then; is in most towns. It hail a meeting on the 8th of June. W. Beebe, senior, proposal the opening of the library on .Sundays, volun teering to take care of the place himself for the first three months. He \ra3 the mover, and the only voter on his side. The others objected, con sidering that Sunday should be a " day of rest." And these people wonder why more do not join the society. In this case at all events, the argument 011 which the rigid Sabbatarian places most reliance was entirely absent. Xo extra labor was required, 110 interference with the rights of others. The thing was whiuh-1 down to the question of whether it is lawful for a man to read a book in one room and not in another. The answer given has thrown bacl: the cause of temperance in Kendigo. It has shown that non- indulg<nee in alcohol does not always mean " temperance," but could some times be described as " a desire to interfere with the harmless enjoyment of otheis." Your correspondent "Porlia" alludes to grammatical errors in testimonials. Who draws those things up? Somebody, no doubt, but I'rc not :;een one in Sandhurst during the last eight or ten years that does not contain one or more grammatical blunders—blunders obvious, ele mentary, unpardonable. Tt on the l.i.it day there should be a special tribunal for trying glioses who in th« flesh devoted their attention to drafting tOstiiiv.nials. :so:;>.e D.-ndiro spirit') (fairly good spirits in the main) will have a lot of «xtra work to do as penance for the extraor dinary documents hanging over the fire places of some of our leading citizens. On the 11th Julie there was a meeting in Fitzroy of those opposed to the opening of libraries and art galleries on Sunday. It had been previously announced that both sides would be heard. Thoso in favor of the opening assembled in force. Tilings went merry as (confound that " marriuge-Xell;" for the sake of humanity, Mr. Editor, ofler a reward for some other simile) a grown-up family of daughters when tho "old woman" has pulled the back-sliding pire and got substantial main tenance, until Walker was hoisted oil to the platform. Walker(sugeeitive patronymic) istlio really ablo Secularist wno—everything in turns and nothing long—has passed through all tho stages of orthodox egg, doubting grub, and terribly-aggravating butterfly. He uaptiscd a " kid "not long ago, and never turned a hair. Well, when ho got on the stage amongst a crowd of people, who, if they had their way, would cover the Venusof Meloswitlichintzcalico frilled at tho bottom, of course he felt uncomfortable. What added to his discomfort was the planting of about 117 hob-nailed elevens all apparently oil the one spot in his system, so lie got down again into the body of tho hall. Then tho light:) went out, and a motion for adjournment was carried without any sccotder. AValker now, like the lady in Iagoldahy (uUle " the ghost") wears a cushion oil Ilia chair. 