The Mystery of G-lamis Castle. The Strathmore family is one of the oldest and most historical of Soot'and. They have been Karls since 1423, and inhabit a no lews historical castle than that of Glamis, associated with the Machethw. In 1455 Lady Strath more, falsely accused of conspiracy by witch craft against the life of King James IV. of Scotland, was burnt in the Grass-markets, Edinburgh. Her son, driven desperate by persecution, Hung himself over a rock and perished immediately. The title remained some years dormant, but was revived by James I. of England, VI. of Scotland. It is said the lady of Strathmore cursed her family for having abandoned her in her distress. I3e this as it may, here is what recently trans pired in this ancient house. For four genera tions there has been a mystery at Glam is Gastle which no one has ever been able to fathom. Some said it was a ghost, others a mysteriously hidden treasure ; hut rumours of a more or less uncanny nature floated round the country, and have done so for about Od years. Four Earls of Strathmore have seated themselves in ancestral state at Westminster, and yet all the while the real Earl, the eldest of the. family, was alive, hidden in the vast old feudal palace at Glamis. He died only last year, aged <J2 years, and he was a monster. He stood eight feet in height. IIis head and the upper part of his body resembled that of a toad. His skin was marked with black and white splotches, and his hands were webbed. lie could not: speak or hear, hut his eyes were bright and wild. Ho never showed signs of reason, and in order to avoid legal difficulties and painful revelations, this horror was hidden in a build ing erected on purpose. His gaolers were paid handsome annuities to keep silent. As each Earl succeeded to the, estate ho was taken to see this terrific creature, and it is said that one of these gentlemen almost lost his reason in beholding the loathsome and gigantic horror. Last year the poor wretch died, and his secret has come out, owing to difficulties concerning the disposal of his remains, most extraordinary part of it. all is tin whereabouts of the monster Karl was k wonderfully quiet, and also that he liv such an advanced age. The it; the opt so ed to 