THE DEPUTY COMMISSONBE'S GHOST STORY. Br B.N. ( Written for the Quccnslandcr.) (Concluded.) " Poor Albert bad to undergo a good deal of chaff for being afraid to- walk 200 yards through tbe bueb to my bouse. He only said— " By and by you see him too, then me ,4angb at you.' " The rest of the day was spent in the "usual manlier. Allardyceand I were to have dinner in Albert's house ; after that we were going to ait outside and watch for Kimueli. All tbe natives had come in very oaily thai daj 'from tbe bueh: They were evidently unwilling to run the risk of being <>ut after dark; Evening was now closing in, and tbey Wjere all sitting in clusters outside Jjlieif houses. It was, however, a bright moonlight night, and I coold plainly recognise people at a considerable distance. Albert was getting very nervous, and only answered my : < qaeitione in- monosyllables. ' " For about two hours we sat there amofe- "irigi'and'I was beginning to lose faith in Albert's ghost,- when' all of a sadden' be '- clutched my elbow findpointed with his finger Hooked in thedirecti<n pointed out'by bim, and he whispered ' Kitaiueli.' ' J ' I certainly eaw about a hundred yards off wbat appeared to bts the 1 ordinary figure of a native advancing. He had- something tied'round bis: bead. as yet l could not see vrhat. He was advancing straight towards usn .TS^ efltitill and tvaited. The natives sitting in front of their doors got closer toi getber and pointed at the advancing figure^ All tbigtime I was watching it most intently; A recollection of having seen that figure, war; forcing itself upon my mind more etongly, every moment, and suddenly the eSfctr'isceire^wiien I'bad gone witb" Gordon rto vjsitthe murdered man, came back on my , njnd' with great, vividness, There was the eame man in front of me, his face covered with blood, and s-dirty cloth over his bead; . kept in its place by banana leaves whifb were • seoiifed ! by fibre and cotton thread. There was tbe. same man, and tbere waa tlie ; , lM«dege rohnd bis bead, leaf for leaf, ^nd tie for tie, identical with the picture telreirtly present-in-my mind. o: / «"iBy Jove; it 4s Kimneli,' I said lo Allardyoe in a whisper. By this timfe he bad, tpa?Bed ; n8, walking - straight in the direction of the cliimp of bash in which my honse wag situated. We jumped up and giveOobSae, bat: h^ got to the edge ofthe tush before we reached him. Though only A few. yards ahead of.us, and s bright moonalight ;w here lost all traoe ofiiim. He bad disappeared, r$pd - all that was left WBB a feeling of consternation and annoyance on my mind. - W? had to accept what we had eseif £ n6"ekplanation was possible. - It was impossible toaooomtfrforitBappearanoeordiB. ^ppewamBe.' I-jvent back'to Albert's brass in a most perplexed frame of mind. The : fact of its being. Christmas Day, the anni- Ters^ry, of Tojn'e attaok-on Kimueli, made itstul<sM>n remarkable; 'tl .bad myself,only seen Kimneli two or •'tMte'TunM in life, li^ still I remembered bim perfectly, ancTtljo man pr ghoBt, whiob. ifaef 'ib waft fcbo ' bad 3 nst passed exafitly teoall^jus le^tnreBi , I bad remembered, too, 10 a general . way bow Eimueli's head bad, ; bees, -baz^aged-witbrAgsand banana leaves* fyutdri'the'appearanoe-of this figure -ir oame ISi-atlo, me exaotlyj even to'the <'giiimd o t ^ ^ m - 1 ^onld'nofc'then, and do not now, believe it me in the . power oKtoy^atfvb t» ,f play the part'eb" exadtly. A native coflld and oftepflpeB work bimBelf up into a statS tfftW&ptofirylnadneBB; under M l '^ WPne fee ohwe, bnl.the .^alm gqra-gwgifr^ib cwhiob ^his fijjviibad ^f'tyteUeye, entirely JinpwjtPM lOr a native, acting.suoh a part and before jUK&JH;? JS^W. tyasBume.,, Morep vgV J llBe«%ttd«vjBlcyone sponted the idea.' They •11 kneif^imupli intimktely. had wen bim every'flay, itnd' 'obrild iot be mistaken. Ailardyoe bad -B6terleefa- Wm WfbfceiTmt ' I went back to my honse and tried to dismiss the matter from.my mind, but with indifferent success. I oould not get over bis disappearance. We were so close behind him that if it .bad been a man forcing bis way through tbe thick undergrowth we must have heard and Been bim. Tbere was no path where be bad disappeared. \- " I determined to watch again nest night; Till 2 in tbe morning I sat up with Albert smoking. No Kimneli made bis appearance Albert said,he would not be Isfien, again, ;-atid during my stay on tbe island be certainly never was. A month after this event I went on board a steamer bound for Sydney; my health had suffered severely, and it was ifnperatiVe for me to go to a cooler climate. I. can tpffer no pjplapatipn for this story^ Till my arrival in England I never men-' tioned it to anyone ; at tbe request of my friends, however, I now consent to publish it. • : " I am not a believer in ghosts. I believe a natural fixplanation of the story, to exist, but" the reader, who baa patiently followed me thus Jar, must find it for himself, ps I am unable to supply one." We must confess our inability to offer any explanation of this strange appearance. On casting about for a solution of tbe mystery our euepicions very naturally first fell upon old Albert; yet upon further consideration we agree with Mr. Romilly, that no native would ije capable of so complicated a practical jnke as the.arrangement.of this ghostly personation. Cold inciedniity is the ordinary refuge in such cases ; jet in this case, from the position and character of the narrator, and bis evident sincerity tbere is no' room for doubting his perfect good faith. That the appearance desoribed-was duly" reflected upon the Deputy Cojimis sioner'e retina we aooept as an unqualified -fact, but'whether the apparition was a visitor from the other world, or merely a waggish native bent upon-creating a eenea tion, we bave" no means of forming even a oonjeoture. One feels how tbe point of this story is marred by Mr. Bpmilly.not paying fired off the'rifie be bad brought in readi ness for the ocoaBion. fiad be only sue ceeded in driilfag a hole -ttirough'tte ghost; and had the latter continued his leisurely march unooncerned, with tbe stars ehiqing though' ,tbe' perforation,-this wduld Jj ' been without question-ti e best ghost story that has come to our knowledge, -E ven as it is we. know.few,that enrpass it. 