CHAPTER IX. " In which Damon returns to Pythias."- All's luell that ends Well. I missed Douglas very much, and soon tired of my own society ; we had been so much together that it seemed strange and dull to be going sight-seeing alone, and in addi- tion to this my thoughts were not the pleasantest company in the world, as they went back very persistently to that daughter of Seth, Judith Wynne, and sometimes I was weak enough to regret having left Cremorne so suddenly, and even contemplated returning at times. I " did '' Sydney conscientiously and religiously, admired the Gar- dens, and acknowledged the beauty of the harbour with such cordiality that the prettiest of the barmaids at the -Hotel (being patriotic) smiled very encouragingly upon me. I even went through the Museum, and as they are not much in my line I think it was to my credit ; but I was obliged to acknowledge that without my bosom friend every- thing was "flat, stale, and unprofitable." I was "lost" without him. I half contemplated resorting to the agony column of one of the Sydney papers, imploring him to return, but, as the reader will see, I was saved going to this extremity. I was discussing breakfast in solitary grandeur, with a very fair áppetite, just ten days after I had left Cremorne and the delights (?) of rinking parties behind me, and was wondering what I was going to do to pass the time, when the door opened, and to my surprise Charlie Douglas walked in, just as he had always been in the habit of doing when he came down late for breakfast. We exchanged no salu- tations ; he drew his chair up to the table, and quite as a matter of course I helped him liberally to the "devil" in front of me, and pushed the bread towards bim. "Toast," he remarked, laconically, and helping himself to a piece at the same time, he fell to at his breakfast with a will, and did not look at all like a love-sick " Sbrephon." I was debating in my own mind whether he waa a reality oran "apparition," when up came his plate for a second supply of meat, which he attacked with an un-spirit like alacrity. I reflected then that I had never heard of a ghost with an appetite, and consequently the weight of evidence was in favour of its being Douglas in the flesh. Accord- ingly I went on with my own breakfast, and presently stealing a glance at my visitant I found he was engaged in cutting the top off an egg, prior, I presumed, to eating it ; catching my eye an embarrassed grin dawned for a moment on his face, but speedily vanished under a business-like aspect. The egg despatched be looked at me, and I at him, for a moment, and then with great solemnity he gave vent to the following memorable words : " I say, old fellow,-rinkiug's a humbug." "So it is." I agreed heartily. "Shake hands, old man," he cried, feelingly, and then gave my hand a grip under which I winced. He volunteered nothing further, and I forbore to question I him. . Peace was restored between us-Damon had returned to his delighted Pythias-sympathy, bound us yet closer together than before. We had both been made fools of, and had agreed in consequence that " rinking was a humbug." * . * * * * * ***. So far as concerns myself the story is over ; but should the reader care to hear a little more of Miss Judith he need only read the following letter, which reached me about five months.later at 'Frisco, where Douglas and I were ; and as my little tale began with a letter it may not be out of place to conclude with one. 'c Cremorne, " March 6th, IS-. "Dear Jack,-You will be wondering why I never answered your last letter ; but I have really had no time. We have only just returned from a delightful trip to Hobart. Dicky Luttrell persuaded us all to go to the races-and we took Judith with us ; it was so nice for Ethel, having a (Continued on page Vi) c «mpanion of her own age. We had such fun together, or, t.» describe it as Judith does by mimicking our American «.'»usins, ' we had a perfectly lovely time." The races were splendid ; there is such a lovely Course and Grand Stand. Dicky was in raptures over it, and his horse won one race ; . T forget the name-you know I don't take much interest in | racing-I leave that for Bob (one in a family is enough). Dear Judith was so delighted about it. She wore his colours (cardinal and pale blue), and of course looked superb. Now for my chief piece of news : she is to be married to him some time in the spring ; it is a splendid match. Dicky is so devoted to her and she to him. "I used to fancy once that she had a decided penchant for you-but you-you bad boy!--loved and rode away. Thanks for that splendid photo of yourself ; please send me another copy ; for what do you think was its fate ?-it has fallen into Jndith's hands : she took it out of my album the other day, and said, in that pretty wilful voice of hers, "You must give this to me ; I have one of Mr. Douglas, but not one of Mr. Furnival, and I liked him very much, though he didn't like me," and she gave such a soft little sigh that I could not help thinking of ' what might have been ' if some oñé hadn't rushed off pell mell to Sydney on important business ? one spring morning. ." Pray remember me most kindly to Charlie Douglas ; and now Jack, dear, I must draw this incoherent epistle to a close-with much love from Ethel. Bob, and mvself. ! " I am, your affectionate cousin, "LOTTIE CRAVEN.'' "P.S.-Jadith is in Melbourne atpresent with her father ; he is such a delightful man-just like his daughter." Douglas read the above over my .shoulder, with a grin- ning countenance, and when he came to the postscript, touching the merits of Miss Wynne's paternal relative, he remarked, feelingly, " What a jolly old humbug he must be !" THE END. 