Day Lilies. LAUGHTER SO soon is over, Summer so soon is done, What has a lily of fragrance After its day in the sun ? Dewy and fair in the morning, Perfumed and pale at noon ; Dewy and dead at sunset A ghost by the light of the moon, What have you to remember ? What have I to forget ? Laughter, jests and trifling-lilios With dewdrops wot, One for every morning-a lily Counts for a day; Days and summer and lilies, How quickly passed away. Which o£ us was in earnest ? Which of us was in jest? When tho lilies breathing fragrance Died slowly on my'breast, Beoauao thoy ploaBod your fanoy Booause my mood was now Do you beliove that lilies May leave the scent of ruo ? Thero's nothing to romember, There's nothing to forget, But laughter, jests and trifling, And yet-and yot-and yot In all tho Bummer's coming AH lillies undor tho skies, Will bring baok to you low laughter And tho blue of a woman'a eyes, I neither hurt nor healed you, You'll be no more false nor truo To mo and my summer fanoios, Than-I Bhall bo to you, But to tho end tho lilies Will bo of your past a part, And you'll think you boo them lying A bloom on a woman's heart. Throughout of all our sumraor This is what I havo won, I nmy ohonco to bo remombered When lilios stand in tho sun, You will forgot tho woman I shall forget the man But the fragrance of the lilies, Forget it if you oan. But I have my little triumph A woman's-light and vain; And would it have paid mo, think you, To havo wrested it from pain ? Grant you each word I uttor Is a trifle light as air; Yot out of ray littlo triumph Thoro grows a littlo prayor, Give other women roses, All bloom to them is free j I-I have earned the lilies; Leavo them to mo-to mo. Thoso who jost in tho morning, Should jest at set of sun; When will end this jesting ? When will tho day be dono ? But I havo my littlo triumph A woman's-light and vain; It would lmvo paid but poorly To havo wrested it from pain, And to the end tho lilies Will be of tho past a part j Onoo-onoe au August lily Found root-in a woman's heart 