MINING NOTES. vnou our own oorrespordrkts.J SANDHURST. . There has been a gradual but decided improve, ment during tho week, both in tbo prospects ol the mines and the condition of the market; It opened dreadfully dull, bnt Armed each day, till on Friday and Saturday husicess was lively, stocks were rising, and all remembrance of th. depression seemed to have vanished. The question now is whether or not it will con- tihue, but I think there need be little fear of a relapse, for some time at least, unless price, aro rushed too high, as is, unfortunately, fre quently the case. Tho causes of the ' revival are manifold, hut it is mainly due to a decided improvement in the Duchess of Edinburgh in tho Devonshire reef at a depth of 650 feet, and to gold having been discovered by the Duchess Tri bute both in the Devonshire reef and on the Bnrkly ran of spars. Both of these are im portant developments, more particularly ns re gards the Devonshire reef, as it proves that for mation to a depth of nt least 650 feet. To the South Devonshire, which is between the two claims mentioned, and to the New St. Jlungo and other mines south of the Duchess Tribute, the value ot the discovery can scarcely be over estimated, as everything which goes to prove the continuance ot tbo Devonshire reef as a gold bearing formation of quartz in a southerly direction must enhance the value of that stock. As soon as the market showed an unmistakable tendency upwnrds, buyers came in by shoals, and a very heavy advance in stock in the locality of the Duchess Tribute naturally resulted. In one week Duchess 'tribute havo nearly doubled their price ; Duchess of Kdinburgh rose from Us. to 18s. ; South Devonshire, from lde. 6d. to 21s. ; and the Ivew St. Mungo stocks, though there was little interchange of shares, have strong buyers at much better prices. The gold yields for, the '"off week" are satisfactory, ns they reach it total of over 2900 oz. Three divi dends were declared, amounting to £4425, and tho amalgams reported aro fairly good. That tlio district is sound there can be no doubt, a-s the official returns of gold for the month of Sep tember show a decided increase on the previous month ; and although it compares unfavorably with the corresponding month of 1SS2, .the total for tho first nine months of this year is 165,895 oz., as against 145,922 oz. for the same term last year. These facts are indisputable, and speak for themselves. At the sonth end of the New Cham line matters aro rather dull just nt present. Eureka Extended still continue their sinking operations pending the erection of their new winding plant. New Chum Railway amalgam shows a slight improve ment, 121 oz. from 239 tons. , Shenandoah, with 173 oz. amalgam, is also good, and they have ac cepted tenders for tbeir new winding engine. North Shenandoah, on the other hand, have keen crushing poorer quartz, as their amalgam is only 82 oz. Eliesmere No. 1 cnt the Shenandoah reef in winze from 870 feet level, with 4 feet of quartz on the east'leg showing fair gold. - The crosscut at 930 feet should intersect the reef in a few more feet. New Chum Consolidated have been crashing from the top stone, and report S9 oz. amalgam. New Cham United have the fine yield of 401 oz. of amalgam from 215 tons, and declared a shilling dividend. The mine is look ing healthy, except in the 900 feet south level No news from Lazarus. Old Chum shaft is down 1243 feet, and no change in other work, incs ; they crashed 120 tees for 56 oz. 10 dwt, gold. New Chum and Victoria have another favorable development in the crosscut at 1373 feet, which is in cast SI feet. The face has now got into slate country again, witli quartz which has not yet been broken into, but gold has been seen in it already. Pearl Company have reached a depth of 628 feet with tbeir shaft, and com menced to cnt plats east and west. There is no important change in either of the crosscuts at 650 feet. Dixon's Tribute cat a leader 139 feot west of tho shaft nt 400 feet level, bat have stopped this crosscut and resumed sinking shaft, Dnke of Edinburgh machinery is progressing favorably. New St. Mungo have tbe greatly im proved amnigam of 333 oz. from 113 tons ; no change in the mine. Duchess Tribute found gold on tho western wall of the Devonshire reef in main winze from 522 feet level. This winze is down about 50 feet. The winzo on black leader from the east crosscut at . same : level is down about 10 feet in spurs showing a little gold. Some specimens from each of the winze3 were exiiibited in the legal manager's office yesterday. Sonth Devonshire - have 73 oz. amalgam from about 200 tons crushed, and their new crushing plant is now working well. Duchess of Edinburgh have found better gold in both north and south level in the Devonshire reof nt 650 feet, and have 75 oz. amalgam fur tho week, which is a decided improvement. United Deronshire is not so good this week, as they only havo 185 oz. from 230 tons. Phoenix cleaned np a crashing of 55 tons for 5S oz. of gold, which redaction in tbeir average is accounted for by the fact that a good deal of mullock had to bo crushed with the quartz to keep the battery going. Unicorn Tribute crashing stuff is still very poor, hut they have n brighter prospect be tween the 610 and GS0 feet level, as tbe shoot of gold found in tho Phcenix is evidently under the 610 feet level. Sonth St. Mungo have tbe better yield of 136 oz. nmalgom frcm 120 loads from tho Devonshire reef, between 531 and 010 feet. Lady Darkly have the good yield of 280 oz. from 551 tons. Sadowa reported tho very fine yield of 652 oz. from 690 tons, and declared Is. dividend. The stapes at 620 feet level continue to show cold freely. Ellehborough return is 134 ozt from 5a0 tons; and Belmont nnd Saxby has '247 oz. of ematgam. Catherine United have discovered a new make of quartz in the winze from 9S0 feet crosscut (south shaft), at a depth of 9S feet or mjo feet from surface. The quartz is 4 feet thick and shows gold. With the exception of . the Garden Guliy United, which reports 420 oz. at amalgam, tho Garden Gully line is almost >!-d loiter so far as any news is concerned. Rose pf . Denmark has 69 oz. amalgam from 60 tons. North Rose of Denmark at 405 feet crosscnthave intersected the Rose " back," with " inches of quartz on it. They havo 12 feet to connect the winze from 800 feet lovol with this crosscut. Princess Dag- mar crushed 202 tons for 60 oz. 11 dwt, gold, and Johnson and Webster 00 tons for io oz. amalgam. Great Northern have 133 uz. of amalgam, and Bpeeimen-h ill United, 51 oz. gold from 90 tons No thing stirring on the Hustler's line, even Keserto No. Sbavegone completely out of the market, pend ing their crushing, which is not yet commenced. Brufan's Freehold at. Sebastian have cut a large body of quartz showing fair gold at the 250 feet crosscut from north shaft. Their yield of 536 oz. from 733 tons was a surprise, as they had only 15S.oz. am alga m_ for the first week. -The chares fluctuated considerably, falling from 30s. to 27s. 6d„ and rising suddenly to 33s.. 6d., closing weaker, with sales '32s. fid. Frederick the Great has 160 oz.' IS dwt. from 416 tons. BALLARAT.. The great market sensation of the past week has been, paradoxical as it may seem, dullness. Very little business doing, and stocks generally drooping, brokers and jabbers at their wits' end to End employment or excitement enough to keep the commercial body and soul togetber. This bas been the doleful character of the times at the Corner. The next sensation bas been the drop in Rand and Albion Bharcs to sales at 13s. 6d., or a depreciation of £22,450 in the com pany's stock as compared with sales at tbo be ginning of August or ond of July. By way of explanation of this collapse in the once famous stock, it is sufficient to say — as has, in deed,- been already said — that the mine is not paying. Tho expenses have been reduced from'tho £1500 a fortnight in the days when tho mine was paying dividends to abont a third of that amount, but the reduced output of gold does not meet the rednced outlay, and tho future is ail unknown. - Unfcrtnnately, tho big bulk of atoue in the No. 7 level at tho north end of the mine is almost barren, and an average of 5 dwt, per ton is required to merely comfortably pay the way. At present tho stone sent to the battery- is being taken from the etopes of tho Nos. 6 and 7 levels where tho make is not large, or where , largo is not of anything like good enough quality. For the present tho compaoy's hopes as to the future are baaed oh the bottom level drive' to cut- the lodo on the undorlio at the greater depth, and it will probably take a fort, night to get that' length. Some 90 feet have been- driven, and there is-qdistarico ofsay SOfeet further to go, which, if the. country keep3 as good for > driving as at. present, will most likely be dono in about the time mentioned. Should the lode be I met with at the right place, and be -found I adequately gold bearing, the old mine will have 1 a fresh start and the stock will of course recover ! its position ; but if not, the bottom will bo out infallibly, unless luck is struck in some other part of the mine. Meanwhile, a - winze : is going down for the lodo at the lower level, and may possibly ruach there before tho drive, whils.t on the "you never can tell" principlo some gold may bo met with, of .course, either in the stones or winze or the drive cyan, , as shoots or leaders may i.i any time be struck : with a better show tbc i is eeona in any of the faces now in working. But tho mine has beon so long in shadow— only one dividend this year so far — and the actual faces look so pcor that con- > lidenco is shaken and tiie stock cannot revive without some substantial change in tho outlook below. Nor do any of the quartz mines look ycry brilliant. Tho Seymour, that was to giro out from 1 oz. to 1 oz, to tho ton. doe3 not give enough to pay, and another call is mnilo, the stock, that sold at over 20s. less than, two montiiB ago, now selling at 3s.. and not much wanted at that. Smith's Freehold threatens to follow the way of tho United and give up the ghost, for tho yield has fallen tvofully Iatoly. The Kohi- coor and Bund of Dope aro in tho throa3 of what may lie a mortal struggle, and it is not probable that cither mino w ill he kept open, at least ou tho present scale of expenditure, unless a chango for tho better comes very quickly. In connec tion with this iispeetof mining, critical observers not unnaturally mako comments on the cost of nionagoment of Ballarat mince, which is said to be execssivo in comparison with Sandhurst ones, tiid on the policy of the Miner's Association iu refercuco to labor contracts nr.-l labor regulations ccnc-rally, ns being, in some cases, inimical to the Interests of the capitalists, and therefore, prao- tically adverse to the future of tho whole in dustry. Tliero will bo very likely a greater -esort to tribute engagements now that soma of tho mines are in the doldrums, as an interlude of prospecting seoms inevitable, and tribute is the only way in which that is likely to bo worked in tome cases. The Washington mine that was lately sold hy tho old company has paid the tributers very well 60 far who are working under tho new proprietary, for I Lear they have had a cumulative dividend of near £30 a man. On tbo narrow veins in the White Horse, where tho Indicator strikes across tho country, soino of the co-operative miners havo nan' and then got from £200 to £500 a man in a very sliort time, hut these aro the plums in a large area of barren pudding. 'The registrar's returns for tho September quarter sliow that the general outcome of quartz mining in the central division— and there is nothing but quartz mining there np\v — is a falling off, tho total' out put of gold haying . been ll,2SO oz., as (gainst 16,093 oz. for tho June quarter, tho average por (on also buying declined from 6 dwt. - 12.26gr,ko5 dwt. 10.94 gr. between the two terms. These returns are the true indications of the general aspect of local mining, and the bet ter prospects here and those in Ballarat East do not alter the tale for. tho present, whatever tho future may have in store either east or west. And there aro- not wanting indications on both sides of tho Yarrowee of good tilings to como, for Hie .Major, the l'ride of tnu East, the Temperance Extended on one side show tho first fruits of what may bo a good new harvest and a long one, ns most quartz harvests are, and the New Band Alhiun and tho Star of tho East on the Sebas- lopol side havo excellent prospects, which, if. rea lised as the works develop, will do a good deal to reclaim the battered reputation of the Redan lino, whilst Owens and tho Zulu further south are expected to open up fresh extensions of quartz. Il'bc qnartz news from the other divisions does not disclose any now feature of moment, but it is comforting to note that tho Egerton mines havo recovered a little, and that Parker's Unitod is aisnsbowing a little better rsault ni tho battery. The Egorton Company's yield is paying expenses now with perhaps a tritio to tho good, tho slow accumulations of which will, if no falling off occurs, furnish forth a dividend by and bye, and tho Black Horse is in about ; the same case, with a shade more chanco j of a dividend. The Buninyong averages bare ' improved, and the Imcerial is able to pay a ?s. I. f. dividend. The Clunos companies keep up their position wonderfully well considering their royalties and their years. Alluvial mining sup- piic3 .tie further clement of last week's tou- Mtibiialism, in the striking of. the wash in the No. 1 shaft intermediate drive of the Madame Berry. The sensation was a . very mild . one, buto: importance nil the same, as it steadies tho stock and gives added confidence to all tho neigh bors there, as this last tapping of the cutter shows that the quality bas apparently not depre ciated. So heavy a stoek could not he moved far even with such news ; bat there were sales st 7s. n-lvunco upon tbo previous day's business, as soon as tho news came in, and then the stock swayed back to near its former place again. The Lord Harry cement does not give out yet, and that ami the swelling reef in the drives keeps the stock on the gridiron, and the fat cornea out slowly, though it has had no worse luck in that respect than the Lougblin .has, both having the epidemic of declining - rates. There is. however, ' no ap proach to ! tdinic, -and the slightest real improvement- in either mine, aud especially in tho Harry, would move tbo market up at once- The- Home Faddock output has not yet realised expectations, and does not come up to tho level of a month or two ago ; bat holders hold on confidently nt 60s., though no buyers offer at' that rata. As tbo No. 2 shaft works pro gress weU tho stock will probably . havo hotter buyers before long. The aggregate alluvial re ported outputcertaiuly keeps wonderfully steady, for it was 1910 oz. last week, as against 203S oz. the week, before, aud tho difference is more than accounted. for hy the absence of returns from the -Bute: and the Rucocourso claims. The quartz yield was 1-175 oz., as against 14S6 oz. for the week' before ; and thus,, as to thoso two weeks, more .'than equals the equality of tho alluvial returns,' CASTLEMAINE. There is a good deal of activity taking place here in connection with mining matters. Tho success of the Forest Creek Wattle Gull; Com pany has had no doubt something to do with this. Having found such a body of stono at so great a depth containing good payable gold, witli every prospect of its continuance, there is every encouragement for other claims to go down with a prospect of becoming alike successful. This company, are likely to have a good cleaning up this fortnight, as 200 oz. of amalgam was taken off tho plates ou Saturday for the week. On Tuesday last some specimens were obtained at the 630 feet level from the so'.i-t reef. Tho prospects of the United Ajax Company have im proved during the past week ; some stone was broken ont in a lower level which showed gold. Tho Grand Trunk Company, Guildford, had 7 nz. 7 dwt.. of gold ; tliey aro now carrying out tho main lovol. In tho Mein's Freehold Company the return is only 8 oz. 16 dwt., but n good deal of dead work is being carried out. The Thornhill Reef Company, Green Valley, havo purchased a plant in .Smith Australia, which will be brought over nnd orcctcd shortly on the claim. The Monigoaior.v-bill Sluicing Company at Forest Ciccl: cleaned up on Saturday ami had 43 or. 8 dwt. of gold, the result of three men's work for thirteen weeks. Tho tri- imters in the Iioyal Saxon Company during the fortnight hare sunt to' tho lattery 90 tons f of quartz and obtained 6 oz. 12 dwt. of retorted old. They havo the place in good working order, aving a truck road laid to each face north nnd south ; tho north face Ua3 been workod up to the first crosscut put up by tho North Saxon Com pany. A. the Town Reef Company, Castlcmame, tlio shaft bus been sunk a further depth _ot 13 feet, making total depth 113 feet-, the sinking to be continued till yesterday (Monday) : driving tor the reef will bo commenced to- day (Tuesday) at 1 105 feet, ; thoy bxpeel to reach tho teef in about 7 \- or S teet. The tribulers at the Golden Eagle Com- ; pany, l-'ryerstown, obtained (or tbo fortnight, from 24 tons of etonc, 38 oz. 5 dwt. of gold. The crosscut from north drive towards the quartz on northern boundary is being continued. Tho Jroonhgbt Flat fleam ruddling Company bad 19 oz. 5 dwt. of gold at their cleaning up for three weeks' work, which is satisfactory. Tho Fortune Company, Barker's Creek, slate quarry, bad 23 tons of stone crushed, and obtained 10 oz. 17 ant. of gold ; a further development of the reef will now take place. At the Wheal Margery Company, Chewton, arrangements are being made to continue sinking shaft, and a favorable offer made to work a portion of the ground on tribute. At the News'—ad Loddon Leads Company tho chamber has been exlcndad 16 feet for the week. Everything is reported to be in good working order, andihe drive keeping dry. Lemby and party, who nave been working lately in an abandoned leasoonthe Eureka Reef, have bean obtaining somepayablestone, which yielded S dwt. to tho ton. At the Queen's Birthday Company, Malmsbury, they have been driving the 150 feet lovei north, and bavo jnst finished a rise over the same with- out any change to mention, f toping is being carried on at tho 100 feet level, and putting a riso ever the CO feet lo.d. The poppet heads being completed, the contractors ba com- menceil to sink again. Tbc mino is reported to be still looking well. The contractors for sinking shaft in tbo bouth Queen's Birthday Company, Malmsbury, aro down 1S5 feet in hard country, with i few quartz leaders. At the Ironstone-hill Company, Malmsbury, during tho past fortnight the main drive bas been extended 58 feet, making total distance from shaft 1623 feet. During the last few days a chango has taken place in tho country. The Royal Standard G. M. Company, Lauriston, have bad a good return for tho fort night of 51 oz. 17 dwt. of gold, of a nug'gotty character, one piece weighing 5 h oz. At the Ironstone Junction G. M. Company, Mahns- bury, the width of gutter proved is 65 feet. They have apparently gone half way across. During the last few days thoy havo been cutting down rise, which was rendered necessary by Ibe gutter dipping so fast. Driving will be continued. At theAI'Crackon's Freehold Company,' Lauriston, arrangements havo been made for the purchase of a safety cage and two tanks. Tho shaft of tho Egyptian Company, Malmsbury, is down 293 | feet. Lust week the water came iu so fast from the bottom thiit sinking had to be suspended, and they are now opening out. At the O'Con- nor's Freehold Compuny, Malmsbury, they havo cut the reef at 20 feet from t he surface in a shaft sunk about SO feet further south on tho western reef. The reef is showing good cold, and is about tho same sizo as in former shaft, The ground is tight in west cr.d, but easier to the east of leaf. The contractors aro down about 60 feet wit h main shaft, and cut a leader 9 inches thick, which has brought some water, but no gold seen in it yet. - At tho Belltopper Crown Reef Tunnelling Company, .Malmsbury, tho tunnel is now in 216 feet. Tbo first contract having been completed, a tender hasfaeen accepted to drive another 125 feoi. The ground has been tight for working, but good progress is beingmade. At the Chapel-hill Company, Eryerstown, good progress has boen made during tho past week in driving both east and west. There is now evory indication of the reef being close at hand, as tbo wator is coming out from both faces very freely. At the Perseverance Company, Fryerstown, tho gronnd is now all cleared for (be erection of new plant. They bav-s started cutting down tho engine shaft, with which good progress is being .made. At the Whito florae Company, Chewton, tho air shaft is now connected with tho 90 feet level. All hands have been oinployed during tho past week in cleaning up snmo and fixing truck road. This work will be finished in a few days, when breaking out quartz can be commcuced. 