tiNT-TFl E -V:l Ol'O It I A N* S RN ATE. ( By tlio Ulinst.) a look , about tlio Assomlily when tfie Speaker look the chair on Tuesdiiy, und Mr'Piilnior oaiefiilly placed the' mace on tliu table which betokened business. Mr Hunt luul linen heard in reply to Mr Gillies' htneturos in regard to his manipulation , of, tho railway finances, ami the dread of tlio oration of tho member for Brighton no longer hung like a dark and threatening cloud orer the sorenity. of tho Hoiun. The preli minary skirmishing was promptly got over, thanks' to Mr' Lalor's firmness in keeping honourable gentlemen up to the collar, amis tlie consideration of the estimates called on. As is woll known the motion for going into eommiUoe of supply is the opportunity for, the ventilation of any grievance, .reaL orl inittginaryv which uny number niay:feelideiir-« ouh, of 'r'bringing.' under tho notice,, of';, tlio; (louhtry* .lust at present Mr M'tntyro ap pears to have a plentiful stock of the article on hand. He does not approve of the Gov ernment going into rece39. He wants the Water Conservation Act passed, and is anxious about the Harbour-Trust Bill. .lie nlso desires to seo ,ths mallee dealt with, mid the bi'ls for Mining nn Private Property, the alteration'' of the Stock Tax, and sundry olhet matters attended to before tho adjourn inont. Ah! mei I wonder if the member for Maldon would hayo beon avorsn to a pro rogation had he been ono of tho Ministry 1 Major Smith, who for a week had been bottlin'giup .his wrath, rated Mr M'Intyre soundly, 'and siiceeodcd — forgive tho colonial colioquiulistn — in getting out that honourable member's shirt. Bui really, my dear Mr Al'Inlyr-1, you should not show your temper in the way you did. What if tho gallant Mujor did in days of yore charge tho squat ters u shilling an acre for bidding, or refrain ing 'o bid, us the case might be, tor tho land in which they aro interestod ? The story is is an old one now, and tho floor of tho As sembly is not exactly tho proper place in which to rovivoit. The talk was continued by Mr Bowman, who nover loses an opportunity of bringing his constituency 011 tho tapis, and Mr Young, who in order to show he lias 110 wish to lead ? he Opposition, has taken a seat on the second row of boncbes, und when at last Mr Coopor was pcrmittod to take the chair, it was only for a moment, as progress was reported at once and other business gone on with. This was disposed of with commendable diligence. Now brooms proverbially sweep elean; and honourable members are nil on their best behaviour. Iu due course, there fore, the postponed items in last year's esti mates were called ou. Having swallowed any number of camels by passing the other items in globo, the Assembly proceeded to strain at a few very minute gnats. It wus evidently in on economical mond, and went lo work vigorously, cutting off a few shillings in a warder's pay here, and lopping oft' a pound or two in » salary there, until the amount of something like a thousand pounds 1'ont of ail expenditure exceeding live mil lions) had beon saved. Satisfied apparonlly with having done its duty to the country, tho Assembly at ton minutes to eleven, in good time to catch the suburban tiains, dispersed until the following afternoon: Two little episodes of . the sitting deserves a passing mention. Mr Grant having; been unsuccess ful in his endeavour to induco honourable members on tho Government side of tho House to come over to him, has gone over to them, and is now a Ministerial supporter. Ho has at all events shown that ho possesses the courage of his opinions — a somewhat rare occurrence among politicians now-B-days, Tuesday's business was oponod by Mr Hunt. Somebody hud been saying lhat a mining compnny of which he wus eliniiririan or director, or niiinnger, had lioen discharg ing ii lot of men. A long personal explana tion of which no one could apparonlly make head^or tail wasSirequired to set the honour able gentleman ; right; with, his constituent!', and tie accordingly made it despite the efforts of. Mr Laurens, who does not like to hearanv 0110 hut himself talk, to stop liiui on points of order. This was unkind of Mr Laurens, for he had liimself:'jdst bored the House by call ing attention to a mistake in some of '.he figures he quoted ou tho previous evening. YVoiild it not be well to havo a room and a special reporting staff set apart when per sonal explanations might be made, and hon ourable membors who do not want to liston to them. spared the inllictinn '! Then an apparently innocent question put by that artful gentleman Mr Patterson was vory nearly causing a ' scono.' Tlio senior member for Castlemuine — by the way, why will Mr Bsnt persist in calling liitn the junior membor! — askod his colleague if he could allow him to peruse the correspondence in reference to the loan. Mr Service replied to the effect that he could not supply what ho had not got, and insinuated pretty broadly that the late Treasurer, Sir Bryan O'Loghlen | had suppressed a number of letters and tole grams, und that a number of the latter could only be obtained as copies from tbo Agent General in England. Messrs Bent and Young camo, to tlio ioscuo of their la'e chief, and both lost thoir tempers. . Ko did Mr Service for u moment. But then he soon recovered his equanimity whilohis opponents continued to growl uud snarl' nt intervals during tlio uvoniiig; At last tho much longed for moment came, and Mr Gillies, who fur the nonce dropped his Coinmissiouership of Railways, and be came a private member, moved thu Payment of Members Bill. Would it be bolieved ! Thero aro a number of coy members who do not like to be naiil. Perhuns tliev know tho exact value of their survices to the country,, and appraise them at their full worth. Thoy objoot to the principle. Singularly enough none of them however ever refuse to take tho monoy. ' Not even Mr M'Intyre omits to take the monthly cheque. It is not often Mr M'Coll says a very sensible thing, and therefore, it. may be noted that lie did so 011 Wednesday, lie said tho member for Mal don was talking against his conscience. Jiight, Mr M'Coll. But this promises that Mr M'Intyre has n conscience, and is per haps rather 11 rash assumption. During tlie debate which ensued — for thero was a debate albeit'biit a short ono — lion, mombors tried to assume a non ehalant air. But thore was a sigh of relief when the preliminaries that make the bill safe woro got fairly over, and the twenty-live pounds per month seeuro until tho end of the first session of next Parliament. The result of the division allowed that while twenty-eight members consider the work thoy do deserves 110 re muneration, forty-three think that a grateful country is cheaply served at throe hundred j per annum. Mr Gardiner thinks this latter \ «um a paltry one. Perhaps in his case it is. Services like those tbe member for Oarlton renilers his felloiv'calonists aro really liayond price. ? ? ? , Th'o.Hnd^fato IhatL dvor.took .Mr Carter, iu consequence, it is alleged of his opposition iu tho Assembly lo tho Tramway Bill, caused honourable members to deal tondorly with tho inoasnro when it's sponsor, Mr Gillie.'; — ' again in his capacity ol u. piiivate. member — ; moved that it lie reinstated in the position it occupied oh the . iitUli 'December lust. Tho motion wus agreed to at once. . T I t.o c riii rtid Trust's BUI jiwas; ,t.he itqinvon l.ii^px--graminn,!'san'd jo'ter lajproio'lt. fronij Mr^Aj. Jij Clurk, ^onjjwjiot^ |ihe| v^njy iheiiiii/n iiT'i,lhei?iiieasure'ihiiH.tno..iSirai!^i a r«!l rug has wlien brandished in tint face of a hull, was alio wed ;to. puss'. ! ' Tliti bill is 'not it hn long i ono sulmiitlod lust.spssioii; but only n portion of. it, au ihorisingJlho^Uovorninent ;-to, borrow ri qnur.to'r, of u tuilliotiiou debeiitprijs. I X, P u ue li'-r-n 0 1 . 1 i 1 ft. cfe v e r pW»-licrtl,!0fr4tha t ^ inline— but un ill-bohuved, rowdy nborigiiitil, was next brought on . the .(apis, — as Mr Casey might sayi 'This son of tho soil hud been taken from tlio aboriginal station lit Corranderk and Dent in another establishment iOf thoisamoikind nt Luku Tyers. ami he did: not ijko hiii n 'W quarter* -or his new gins^or,] tlie' quality of ih» rum in. the neighbourhood, and ivas desirous of! returning to bis old 1. hiiiintti. l)r linbliiig and Mrs BoudirtsV pro-'i viousiy been at Mr Borry 011 lh(? subject, and I10 hud pioinised tlieiu their much loved Punch buck iiiniin. ' TIuh- pledge was iigaiu repeated to Mr /wuiersort, and tho uiaitei; ul lowod'to'ijrop'r^ i- ^ v Then '' :M r»' Cooper ?-,assnmed&.. the chair und the talk , was again of money. The principal bone of contention was in re gard to 11 aiini; of notne £430. paid to Mr Geary l.v Sir Bryan O'Loghlen's oxpress ordeiy us 'compensation- for tho loss of offico as Inspector of Schools some six or seven years ago:-- - What' all t he bother was about, Heaven only knows. It is only necessary to stute that Mr Geury is. at presont a press man, to make it plain; that the only reparation possible on his part— the refunding of the money— is quito,;Out of the question. It really would— supposing the gentleman him self. entertained, .the; idea— be ; qnito, unpro-. fessional oil' his p'nrt:''Bni then had lie 110 anxiety among ' liis slnves of tl(e lamp,' on this score. I am creditably informed — in fact I may siiy 011' the 'very best authority,' that Mr Geary lias not find never had the slightest attention of cashing up. -; This world is indeed, as some melancholly philosopher has somewhere remarked,- frill of disappointments And it must in'deod hiiv'e been a sad blow to the recording angels iu the gallery, when thoy found they wero doomed to another week's endurance of honourable members' eloquence. But on Thursday the Council having, like the man from Man chester, no work to do, udjournoJ at half past six, thus rendering a sitting on Tuesday necessary '111 order to saye that most import ant of bills— Payment of Members. But as tbe passage of this mcusuro was a foregone conclusion, not oven the prospect of securing ''tho misrar' — as Mr Gardiner nolitclv stylos it— — could invest the proceedings of tbe evening with ,a|iy liveliness. Mr Nimmo talked of tljo water supply to the metropolis, and Mr Doukin djscoijrsod of tl)e f|i)id re quirements of the country districts. But tho House only ynwuo'd. Even Messrs Zox and Walker who tried to get up a l)tt)o sen sation over the narrow escape from another railway 'catastrophe, failed ignomiuiously. Hon, njonjbers were content on the know ledge thut no accident really happened, aud evidently thought '' u mjss iy»s as good as a mile.' At lust the final estimates, after a goodly mount of iiuprofitablu wrangling, and a little episode th»t shows Mr Harper is not happy in ii.is present position in the House, wero passed, so was also the Payment of Members Bill. This measure is really the raison d'etre of tho session. It is done with now,, and as fur as the majority of members are concerned they feel like the hero of one of Bret Harte's stories, when « the subsequent proceedings interested him no more.' At a few minutes before 'tho witching, hour of night when churchyards yawn' the Assembly dispersed to meet again — thank goodness, for a short time only— on Tuesday next. Claims for pre-emptive leases have boon duly granted as follows: — Whittingham Bros. Hillston, 4410 and 2310 acros; John Syuith, jun, Salt Creek, 120 acres; P. A. Grunt, Wentwortb, 150, 612, 1920, 1638, 1158, 2145 acres. Tub Rabbit Pest. — -In a letter to the editor of the Herald a vvritor says It was proposed, I think, in the Kabbit Bill in tho Legislative Assembly, that the morigooso should bo imported from India to aid in the destruction of these pests. I presume that the members of the Assembly were not aware that thero aro 110 rabbits in India, and lhat tho mongooso, though it will kill a snake, and may kill a rut, yet is too large to penotruto into holes und small burrows, even if it were in time educated to that service, which, from tho nature of tho animal, I much doubt. But it is very different with the stoats and weasels of Great Britain. They are the natural enemies of rabbits and rats, «nd follow them with a surprising avidity, I do not say that thoy will not suck tho eggs of birds building on the ground, such as pheasants and part, ridges, and porhaps kill the old one ou her nest; but I havo never in' an experience of years beard of their attacking any other nnimalthan rabbits or rats, or of thoir climb ing trees for eggs. Thoy would doubtless uiuke destruction in a lion house. Their powers of exterminating rabbits ure wonder ful; 'tlioy follow them from burrow to burrow, and from their small sisse— not above nine to ten inches long from tip of tail to noso — and the liesibHily of. their bodies, they run enter almost any hole., They utt'uck tlio rabbit l-y ' squeezing him behind uud belweeu the oars, .and' suck' hjs blood; thoy soldoui eut tlio flesh but go from rabbit to rabbit, and whon thoy find the the. yor.ng laid up carefully by the duni in the 'stops', (as tho nesls of. rabbits are called)' lc ill thorn all and then on to the next. They breed rapidly, and are very hardy; thoy do not eat gruss or any vegetable | matter, and certainly would. never attack lli. youngest lamb. Should thoy in timo ex-' hausttho stock of rabbits in this country, as they certainly will do if, properly introduced, they would perish ' of; hunger unless they turned upon the native wild cats or opossums. They cuu easily be bought in England by a notice in Leadenhall Market ut about 2s 0.1 each. They would live on raw meat 011 the voyago, arid many a keeper would catch them alive instead of killing them, and forward thom to tho market at that price, 'lliey breed rapidly, und I should say 800 would be easily purchased for £100, and landed in this country for £50 more, 