archie's sunninq. i ain.se who, uocauwtlioy had et-iU, i . I their monoy on Archie for thf D tt"J I loud and rockto« in thoir aamrtion, tL"? I favourito had boon deliberately ,m|i?i "" I now bo mor, than satisfied llmt ,r . ' 'l0" I were ... tho wrong, and that under ao L f I atoiicoe could tlio groatiy ovor- oitim,! J "" I linpidity havo edged hie no,,ri,! t ,li oI I grand MartiuUIoury. I„ 3|10rt I1" I f i Alll0i ,I:)orby winner in' tlio""?" I and Archie's inisorahio oerfnr . L"P. I ill tho lloynl Park Stakoe, mako it .!« ? ' I manifest that tho beet horse has caJri"f0S I InuriA, and that tho oulerv I iirpsj from bitter disappointment inl'S? I n.mc.nnd ,u_l,0Puoli tbo jart of thoso in tl.o stable I cry vas rovired by tho unthinking after aJ I did J fnst milo and a half hi tho Cun u a I ting for thosako of argument, lhat ho did (hi I mi . and a half in that race in . I or! two less than Jt„rtini.p!! I too. for tho enmo distnnco in tlio Derby ? I prtres Simply nothing at all. f. I pifo Arc no carried 71b less than I mght in tho Cup, m the second phco.hawar I cdiplotoly run out nt tho o..d ofamileand fl M««nMIeer, I wc Iho Derby not only in extraordio«rli,„! I to with nstoiuahing ease. He- was I "fCr 1,usI'C(1' und c.mld have, t I I appearances, havo galloped nj aain at a splendid pace without much effort I Ach,0 was sent a " cracker "f„r a miloMdi I bit in the Cup, and was then nut of »i„ v...i sfogolhe carrying half a-stoue less thaa I Mm'f ryMui';th0l)crby- In addition I i this it should bo homo in mind that ia I tchio s mdo and a half in tlio Cup ho was 1 favored by n Bplondid straight ran of oror half. I i-ni.lo of tho boat turf at the start, and I r ! tho_ river turn had another straight I am for a similar distanco. Ia fact he lud bat I ,wo turns in tho first mils sad a halt of (he I jup, wliilo in tho Dorby comso there are not I nly those two but a coupld more. Naturally in I ounduig tbo turns there is a slightta at fl peed, and this alone would account for a f<w I ooonds. Ou tho Lerby aud Cup porformances fl aneroforo, Aroliio was cloarly outclassed, and mover had the ghost of a show with the mar fl inifiecnt eon of old Sylvia. If ...jlMa- 1 i were wanting nftor Tuostlay to doinointtits I this, it was afforded yostorc/ay by Archio him- fl aolf. In tho Royal l'ark Stake?, a mile and a fl quarter, kecarriedSat01b,or 5lb leiatlianlrby fl weight, had no less an artist tiian Billy Yw- fl inaus to pilot him, wan mado a hot favourite, fl as it was evident Mr. Smart Btill linl fl sotno belief in him left, nud yet bs I finished nowhere in a race run ia H moderate timo,LoG rand. SardiusaudHrruicin fl all easily showing him the way homo, although fl (lie two first-named only carried -libs less than fl .huiuj ta>uriiU. 4.i1u Wliuiasiurj H is a bittor ono to n vory largo Eoction of tin fl public who had made thohorso tlio equine idol fl of tho hour. It is to bo hoped that it will bo a fl loi-reu for tho future not to placo audi blind fl coriiidenco in tho judgment of the moit ex- I porionccd trainora or tlio best coudnctri fl touts. 