ECHOES OF MELBOURNE.' [Be Tire GnOsT] Nov. 23. Chroniclers 'of :'matters political must have found themselvee, during' the week just'passed, fairly gravelled for lack of matter. Ministers and memberi of Parliament are to. be. seen no more in their accustobnied haunts, and were it not that the doings of the weekly meetings of the Executive Council in the shape' of some new appointment serve from title to time to remind the tax-payers of the colony that weonjoy all the blessings of a paternal Government, it would be quite easy to forgot that Victoria is in possession of all the paraphernalia of a full blown Constitu tion. Not even an extra parlianmentary utterance at the one or two railway open ing banquets has served to rulleo the sur face of' the political mill-pond, and the. ordinarily reticent Minister of Railways has boon more than usually silent. All the oracles are dumb, and oven the. loquacious Chief Secretary has bridled his: tongue. The Rev. D. Jones Hameor wit ,a per-, sistoncy which would put oven.an ortho dox Presbyterian divine of tho.most;ap proved anti-Strong type to the bluish, has: returned to the charge, and reiterated Iise statement in regard to the immorality in. State schools. As the reverend gontloman is, however, only prepared with one single case, and there appears to be more than, a doubt as to his ability to adduce proofs. in support of it, there is no probability of the excitementcausedbythe iratannounce ment of the plague spot in our national system of educationbeirg again worked up. Besides,the report of the Board appointed to investigate the matter is dead against the soesationalists. It is impossible to question the conclusions at which they have arrived, nor to avoid agreeing with their expression of regret " that state mentt so unflondod should ever haveo been made, and alloived to find their way into the columns of the public Press." Even the peculiar idiosyncracy of the gentleman in "The Silver King," who "enjoys a good murder," would be gratified by the awful tragedy which has just taken place at Panmsuro,' a small township near Warrnambool. There is now no longer any room for doubt that Morgan, the father ofa family of fourteen, first outraged the unfortunate child, Nolan, and then cut her throat. The knife with which the foul deed was done has boon found, covered with blood, and identifled as the property of the prisoner. His chances of living to a green old age are certainly of thl re motestt and oven the most enterprising of life insurance agents-and that some of those gentlemen are entorprising, few will dispute-would hesitate, notwith standing the most favourable medical report, at accepting Mr. Morgan as a "good risk." The speedy manner in which the murderer has been discovered is most creditable to the authorities, and in marked contrast to tile dilatory way in which police matters have of late been conducted. The departure of that much abused and highly testimonialised " victim," tile Rev. Charles Strong, has caused a mitigation of the violence of the storm in the Presbyterian Assembly, but it has not' yet passed away, and there are still mutterings and rumblings, and occasional lightning llashes that show that all the ill-fooeling has not quite subsided. Moean time Mr. ,Strong, "rocked in the cradle of the deep," is now speeding home, and can lay him down in peace to sloop with out the shadow of the Rer. Duncan M'Eachrasn haunting his golden dreams. The second of the batch of libel actions brought by :Mr. Crichton, lately one of the Phylloxera inspectors, has been heard in the Supreme Court. The first one against the Age newspaper resulted in an award of five pounds being made by the jury. In' his present attempt to obtain salve' for his wounded houour, Mr. Crichton has boon even less for tunate, the laction against Mr. M'Loan, proprietor and publisher of the Castle mainte Leader, having terminated in a verdict for the defendant. The' moral of the episode is that itis better to bear the ills we wot of than fly to others in the shape of law costs we know 'not of. Tie exporicilces of 'Captain Posce, of the good Italian ship Loopolo, on his first visit to Melbourno can hardly be of a pleasant nature. For various minor breaches of the Passengers Act ho has been fined in the sum of £115, aid mulcted in costs to the tune of £10 10s. The gallant tar must perforce think the ways of'Victoria as peculiar as those of the' Heathen' Chinose. For laying .the planking of his 'tweoen decks' in a way the reverse of "ship-shapo" bhe is ordered to pay £20. For neglecting to afford suflicient light to his passengers he is ordered to pay a simi lar amount, while for not providing sea worthy boats in which,in case of accident, the lives entrusted to his care could be saved,ho is lot off with a fine of £5 I This is "justices' justice" with a vengeance ! Dr. Dobson, who appeared for the Captain at the Williamstown Police Court, winhod the Magistrates to state a case with a view to ulterior proceedings, but with a sailor's horror of law and lawyers, the skipper preferred to " pay the money and have done with it" to further embroiling himself with the members of the "devil's brigade." \Vise Captain Peasce ! One little sweep prosecution has taken place during the week. " Mariquita," for fleecing the public out of some thou sands, has beoon fined £50. It is a mat ter for some little surprise that when the game can be bnrried on so cheaply all the " unemployed" don't become sweep "promoters." Why, it's better than being '.' first robber" in a good mining swindle ' The truth of the old adage which sets forth that it is better to be born lucky than rich, is being ezemplilied in the person of Mr. Bolam. He has been transferred from the Schools to the Stores Department, a snug little billet with not too much to do, and £550 for doing it, having been created on purpose for this student of Boccacio. His removal has, however, paved the way for some well merited promotions in the Education Do partment, and this is the chief redeeming point in the transaction. There is little in the shape of novelty to be recorded in connection with matters theatrical. "The Silver King" at the Royal is proving a " golden monarch " to the management; and at the Opera House the revival of "Boccacio," with the changes in the cast, since last the eparkling work was presented, with Mliss Chard in the title role, is equally in favour. The Mlajoronis at the Bijou still continue to enjoy a large share of public support. At the Princess's "'C6ming Heome, or Sithers to Grind,"' h'as not, proved a success, even' the London stars who are making their debut in the piece before an antipodean audience failing to secure aught save "a beggarly array of empty benlches." This failure is doubtless in part due to the reaction ensuing on the Cup week dissipations, hut the inherent weakness of the piece itself is accountable in a far greater degree for the innsco. The Federal' Minstrels have left Melbourno n in the very zenith of their fame. Mel bourne, apparently, never tires of burnt cork. . 