A DAY WITH DOCTOR SARAH. (Harper's Mairazitie.)' A dozen ladies were taking luncheon with Mrs. Harry Epps, of Murray Hill. That little matron's luncheons are always ideal woman's pirties. This especial morning, for example. There was plenty of space and sunshine in the pretty pale-tinted rooms. No groat pictures or distracting array of bric-ii brae. Nobody wanted to climb into regious of high art, or to admire — tho day was too warm. There were flowers instead, flowers everywhere ; a vine waving in at the bay-wiudow. From tho other windows you could hear the rustle of the tic s of Central Park, and catch glimpses of slopes of grass there, cf a clump of dark cedars at the base of a sunny hill, of a hedge of wistaria — a mass of snaky black arms holding up purple blooms. Inside there was a clear feminine soft ness in the very atmosphere ; tho dishes on the table wero feebly sweetish in flavour, and so was the talk. Theie was much good feeling anil culture shown iu the conversation of tlnse delicate, low voiced women ; but au idea, naked and freshly horn into tbe world, would have been jas out of place if dragged into sight at Mrs. Fpps's luncheon-' able is a man, or a greasy joint, or tho Archangi I Michael witb his flaming sword. At least that was Doctor Sarah Cuyl's opinion as she sat in moody silence, listening to the soft ripple of talk about her. It there was one thing of which Doctor Sarah had a full supp'y, it was ideas. She kept a stock of them, as I David did of pebbles, and was perpetually slinging them at the head of one Goliath of custom or another. The aged giants were hard to kill ; indeed, ber best friends hinted that ber pebbles were only mud. But she tired thorn with desperatecourage — there was no doubt of that. Sbe had fought her way into her profession, and out of tho Clnistian Church, and now she had clinched with Law, Religion, and Society in a hand-to-band fight because of their treatment of women. When Maria Epps introduced Doctor Coyt to her friends, they felt a shock as from an electric battery, and then they all roused into pleasurable excitement. It was such a treat to see this famous crea ture face to face 1 ' 1 do like this sort of thing, mamma,' said Margaret Whyte to her mollier. ' You know I wont to see Jem Macj as the prizefighter in As you like it,' and this woman is accounted a kind of in tellectual Heenan or Morrissey liy the newspapers. So nice in Maria to bring her !' ' It must be true that Maria Epps is going to join the woman's l ights peop'e,' said her mother, thoughtfully. 'She is always aiming at the bizarre. You re member she was the first to drive three poDies d la Russe in tbe Park ; and 6hp went to those Moody meetings. But I did not think she woull carry her freaks as far as this.' But they were all cour'eous to Doc!or Sarah. The cjurtesy, indeed, became oppressive. The very air grew clammy and heavy ; all the ease, tho pleasant repose, bad faded out of it. The man, the greasy joint, were upon the stage now. Visibly, Doctor Sarah was only a thin little woman in purple silk, sitting pain fully erect on a straight-backed chair, her eyes glanciug from one woman 'to another as though she were an officer, and they troops about to be drilled. Her features were delicate though worn, her eyes were sincere, sad brown eyes naturally, but they had learned a fierce trick of challenge in the rough-and-tumble figl t which she had chosen to make of 1 fe. She had not said a word as yet except about her drive and the dust, but some thing in the flat, quivering nostril made every woman stand on guard. They felt tbat they were no longer Maria Epps's chance guests, lazily sipping chocolate ; they were human beings — to be, to do, and to suffer. Mis. Epps look some pains to draw Doc'or Sarah out, jist as she had been careful that nobody should miss the flavor of the new salad. A novelty always gave -fout to a luncheon or dinner. ' This talk of pictures and inusic must seem horribly trivial to you, doctor,' she said. ' We are such mere butter/lies, compared to a woman with a great ohj.-ct in life.' Doctor Sarah smiled good-bumouredly. 'I find great holp in music,' she said ' and I paint pictures — poor ooes, hut they help me too. Nature and art give me a better insight into the needs of my sex.' ' Doctor Coyt's object, you know,' ex plained Mrs. Epps, beaming around the table, ' is to emancipate woman.' There was a low murmur of polite assent. Mrs. Marinaduke Huff raised her eyeglasses, and courteously inspected Doc'or Sarah with a gentle wonder, pre cisely as she had done the devil-fish that morning in tbe Aquarium. ' I have never had the pleasure of meeting a woman of your — your party before,' said pretty Miss Purcell, softly. ' Oh, I saw several ot them in Lon don,' cried Mrs, Hippie, who dressed bideously and drank beer since she came home, and fancied herself wholly English. ' It is quite a favourite fad with some very respectable people over there.' Then there was a sudden embarrassed pause, for everybody expected Doctor Coyt to begin to defend ber fad. '? But she sat silent, looking at a bit of honey. suckle wbicb had ciept in at tbe window. The angry red burned up into her thin cheek. Why should these people look ait her as tbougl she were tbe woman with the iron 'jaw, r Rome other such monster? No doubt the thought she had holes in her stockings, ind went swaggering about at grog-shops. Why, her home was more womanly and anfciful than this, and she herself ? ' I was in opes, madam,' said Miss Purcell, gentl , 'that you would cive us some insight iito your plans. It is we, after all, whoi you should convert.' 'I am no prosplvter,' said Doctor Sarah, with a acrid smile. She felt, as she often did, i lat the cause was hopeless. These frothy ( eatures to comprehend its great princip' s 1 Even suppose they had suffrage, i hat would they know of politics, of tlier fellow-men outside of a ball-room, or wen of the money which they squandered? In which tho loured woman made the mistake which We all make when we judge of a chinpanzne. not beina: of chimpanzee blooj. Tuis Maria Epps, witb the baby fat, had manipulated half a dozen bills thrnjgh Congrees last ses sion There washol a party wire which she did not know jow to work. She bad matters in train nav to get Epps a foreign mission. There Iwas not a shrewder dealer in stocks in\ New York than the little blonde widow, Mrs. Huff, on the other side of the table. She had made a snug fortune for herself since Marinaduke died, and had given the boyt n fair start in the tobarco trade. While1, as for the classes outside of society, thattood Fanny Purcell had spent more time last winter in tho prisons and hospitals Wan Doctor Sarah had done in a lifetime. \ Yet they all wore dresses which framed them into pictures, and tlicy haunted ciiio shops, cackling about old Satsuma walk When they found that Doclir Sarah would not conscnt lo be cxhilited that afternoon, they went away one lr' one. ' Now, dear Maria,' said Mis Purcell, as she kissed her hostess outsit o of the drawiug-room door, ' don't al iw yo'jr self lo bo entangled with that dreadful woman's set. Infidels, free-lovers ' ' riarah Coyte is as chaste ai l cloan ii'inded a woman as there is in New York,' said Mrs. Epps, tartly. ' Do have some charity with your religion, Fanny.' Mrs. Huff hurried Fanny away ' It is only one of Maria's political manoeuvres,' she said as she sorted her self in her phaeton. ' Some of these women's rights people have influence which she needs to gain Major Epps his appointment. The house will be over-run with radicals until she has secured her point, and then — Oh, we all know Maria ! ' Mrs. Epps meanwhile weni darting about, re arranging the flowers, while Doctor Sarah, in her aggressive purple gown, sat bolt upright, wa'ching her with a quizzical smile. Maria reminded her of a dragon-fly, with its little flutter and shine and buzz, with its poisoned sling uiidcrneath, too. She was too hard on Maria, being, like most radicals, intolerant. She little woman inside of her finesse had a hot heart and hot temper ; she was just now vehemently minded lo side with Doctor Sarah, because the other women had snubbed her. ' I am glad they bare all gone before the business raeeti ig commenced,' she said. ' Yon asked all the leaders of the cause to bo here thi aftcrnoou ? ' ' Yes.' ' And you go do#n to Washington to night to plead the iausc before a Con gressional coiunaitteq? Alone?' ' Yes.' ' Wouldn't it bo litter to have a depu tation — for effect, no v ? ' ' No,' she said, t larply. ' I am in earnest in this mat sr. Who else is ? I've given up my profession for it. There's not another roman in tho field who gives more than half her timo and energy lo the cause.' She talked on as if to herself, her blaels brows contracted, her nostrils drawn in, Bier eyes fixed in a fierce abstraction. 'jThere's always an obstacle. This one mijst make her living by writing slipshod novels or lecturing, that one has a baby, aiiothcra dead lover to mope over. Some of our leaders have taken up the cause to tain notoriety, and some for even meaner purposes,' glaring suspiciously at Maria. I ?' Oh dear, yes, I suppose, so,' said that arch little hypocrite. ' Ami you are going to meet thecomnjittee to- morrow ?' her head on one side, scanning Doctor Sarah critically. ' Might I hint? — your mind is so engrossed with high matters — hilt you must pay some attention lo your cosluuic. I know the chairman, Colonel Iloyt, very well. A pretty woman, well dressed, can do as she pleases with him. All] men are influenced by dress when women arc in question. You're not of fended — it's only poor little me. But I would suggest now black velvet with a hint of scarlet. So much depends on it! I would not spare tho scarlot, cither.' 'Yes. I did not know how much depended on it,' said Doctor Sarah, smil ing. It was a bitter smile. She had not taken up the cause to mako money or notoriety out of it. Many of her col leagues laughed and fought for it as for a jolly. She never laughed. Sho was in as desperate earnest as ever was Luther or Patrick Henry. The newspapers all over tho couulry jeered at her ; her own sex held her off at arm's length : being a womanish woman, every jeer and snub had cut deep. But her sex, slie had thought, wero in as perilous a strait as was ever church or slave. She would give up everything for them. And now that her cause was coming to a final issue, ihe verdict depended on a gown and its trim mings 1 ? Two or three of the defenders of the cause had; arrived by this time, and were talking apart with Maria ; they held Doctor. Sarah in a certain reverent awe. She never fraternised with tho rest of her party, never accepted invitations to women's clubs, or posed at their public dinners. ' She- is more like a wonderful machine than a human being,' whispered one of her colleagues. ' Sbe makes.no friends, leans on nobody, cares for nothing but the cause. -Eh? Where is she going now?' For Doctor Sarah had suddenly crossed the room, and was stooping over a table. Mrs; Epps . joined her, curiously. The doctor's long nervous fingers were fiJget ing over a dish of mignonette and sweet peas. ' My old-fashioned ' bow-pat,' ' said Maria, smiling. ' Yes ; the perfume brought me over to it. I have not seen the flowers to gether fir many years. I used to know a man who always k-pt a pot of them in his room.' ' It was a man that arranged these — the Reverend Matthew Niles. A poor clergyman whom we knew in Maryland. I have him up for a week's vacation, and to fit him out with some new clothcs. A good creature 1 ' A half-quizzical, half-sad smile flickered over Doctor Sarah's sharp face. ' Mat thew was arranging dishes of peas and mignonette still, eh ? A beggar for Major Epps's old clothes ? Sentimental, effeminate, boneless creature I And 1 used to tremble and turn cold when tho pretty fellow spoke lo me. I suppose llisil, war l.he disease of love. Well. 1 had it pretty thoroughly then,' she thought. She pulled out a pea and held it to her nose. Her blood rail cold now, and her fingers shook. She could liavo struck tlicni with rogc and contempt. Why, it was twenty years ago 1 She had cast the man off as her inferior when she was a girl, and sho had been growing ever sinco. What subtle physical power had this limping creature still upon her which shook her in Ibis way ? ' It is my youth — my youth, which takes hold of me in liini,' thought tho doctor, stiffening her self in ber purple silk ; and marching over to the table, she called for the report of the meeting in Boston. Eurely she had tested this folly of marriage, and knew what it was worth ! For the doctor, as the female pioneer of the cause in the West, had married Simon Coyt, the male pioneer, and it had not been a successful partnership. Mental qualities.had balanced exactly; yet now that Simon was dead, his widow had not the slightest wish lo meet him again any where on the other side of the grave. Friend Eli Sowerby was on his feet, ffe was a practical, zealous little man ' We have made a wise choice in selecting Sarah Coyt lo lay Ibis matter beforo tho committee. Yet it would be proper, iu my judgment, if she would slate briefly tho arguments by which sho will support it, that we may know precisely how she will represent us.' ?' I shall be guided by the suggestions of the moment in the bulk of my remarks,' said tho doctor : ' hut I can L'iveyou the principal points which 1 mean to make. It is only fair you should know to what I bind you.' Sho stood up, her hands resting on (lie hack of a choir. Sho always spoke with fluency and decision, and she knew her arguments now by heart. Her thin body aficr a while began to glow with fiery ex altation. She rose on tiptoe, flourished her lean urms. At last tho battle was at hand. She was going out alone lo fight it. t-lio was going out, like David, in the face of tho conflicting hosts, her nation looking on. (Only Uavid took his sling iu the name of the Lord, and she unslutig hers in the name of Sarah Coyt.) 'The American is just, reasonable in the hearing of every cause but this,' she shouted, shrilly, wondering to herself al the same time what thumping noise that was in tho hall, and why Mrs. Epps did not quiet it. '' A woman,' more vehe mently, ' is, first of all, a citizen. She ?loves, marries, by accident, but 6he is a citizen bp inalienable right. It is her highest ? ' The thumping was evidently made by a crutch. The doctor had tho physician's instinct. Still geslicu'ating, h. r eye wandered to the door to see the cripple who should enter. ' She holds a legal place in the social body as a wife — a mother. But as a citizen ? '' It was a child — a half-starved shabbily dressed girl who came limping in. ' You render her — a nullity. Will no body give that chi d a chair ? ' The child tripped and fe 1 headlong. ' AH light,' said Eli, picking her up. ' Go on, doctor.' But the doctor already had the child in her lap, and was fingeriug her leg. ' 1 was only about to say that the duties of a woman lo the state far outweighed those which she owed as wife and mother, the latter being comparatively selfish, partial, and trivial. This child has had an attack of paraplegia, aud it never has been attended to.' ' What has paraplegia to do with woman's suffrage ? ' said Eli. ' Whose child is she ? There has been the grossest neglect,' continued Doctor Sarah, sharply. She rose and walked out of tho room in her usual decisive fashion, the little girl in her arms. She never had entire control of herself when sho had a child in her arms. When she was in the dining-room sho sat down, uncovered the withered limb, and patted the thin watchful faco on her breast. ' What is your name, my dear 7 ' ' Winny Niles.' ' Matthew's daughter ? She might have been my child,' thought Doctor Sarah. It was not her old fancy for the silly young clergyman which brought that change slowly in the expression of her sharp features as she sal holding the girl. It wos the remcmbranco of the dead-born baby which had never lain there. The breast had been full of milk then, but tho dead little lips hail never touched it, and the breast had shrivelled slowly and grown hard. As Sarah held the child closer to it she remembered how hard it was, as became the mongrel creature which the newspapers called an Advanced Femab . ' Bah I They know nothing about us,' she broke out, hugging Winny. '? You poor, patient little soul, has no thing been done for you 1 What has your father been about ?' 'Papa has only his salary, and he helps tho poor a great deal,' said Winny, with dignity.' ' The poor ! And his child looking in this fashion I Idiot 1' muttered the doc tor. ' Well, your mother — where was she 1' ' She is dead.'. A sudden heat overspread Sarah's face; she was not sorry that this weman was dead, yet assuredly she did not wish to take her placo. ' How many are there of you ?' she said gently. ' Four — tho two boys and baby and mo- ' 'A baby and boys,' IhoughtJSarah. ' And their falhor as fit to govern them as a moon- colf, Well its none of my business. That is your father's step coming up the stairs,' she said, aloud, put tingthe child hurriedly down. A Venetian mirror hung near them. Tho little doc tor glanced in it quickly ; thcro was in it a wiry, muddy-skinned, high nosed wonim in purple silk. Sho saw suddenly beside her a vision of a shy, rose-tinted girl, watching a yonng divinity student as he arranged mignonette iu a pot, and she laughed to herself with a keen sense of absurdity. The door opened, and the Reverend Matthew stood on tho threshold, plump, neat, precise, from tho tip of his low shoes to the folds of his lawn cra\ Above tho folds of the crav.it was an apple checked face, full of uiild good humour aud feeble obstinacy. Coming up the stairs ho had met the retiring delegates to the meeting, and Mrs. Epps, who told him who was with Winny. He heard the name of the great reformer with a little conscious chuckle. 'Doctor Sarah Coyt? Tut! tut! Now, would you believe it, Mrs. Epps, tbat that lady was an old flame of mine : Fact ! A callow fancy — calf-love, you know; had not cut my wisdom-teeth. Sarah Fetridge, she was then. But 1 have watched her course sincc with in terest, in consequence. W reprobation, of course, but still with interest. 1 never have anything to do with that kind of people, but I should like tu 6ec her, 1 confcss. Doctor Coyt, eh ? lut ! tut ! Poor crcature ! ' Then he opened the doir, ond looked at her with an amused, eu ious smile. ' Ah, Matthew, how do yon do ? ' Doctor Sarah nodded curtly. ' Haven't seen you for twenty years, I believe. We've both gro vn old, eh ! ' h'Iding out her hand. It shook ; she could not quiet it. His was cool and soft aud limp, now well she remeinb rod the touch of it. ' On the contrary,' he said, civilly, ' I don't know when L have seen a woman as well preserved.' Sho winced. Sho hud sc. n hideous caricactures of herself in illustrated papers, and laughed ; why should she care when ? his man of all men called her 'well pre served? ' But sho did c ro. The -hot tears of mortification came in spite of her elf to her eyes. What did it mean ? Why did she quake as if with ague since he came ioto tho room ? i-'lio had no regard, no respect, for Ihc man; ho was weak, ridiculous — Mr. Niles, who had a shrewd knack of observing trifles, s a : her agitation, and began to quake in his turn. She roniom bored the past. She would begin to hint at love's young dream. What if she should propose to him? There was nothing which these unsexod woni' n would not do. Mrs. Epps camo in a1 tho moment, and he turned lo her with a senso ol escape. Maria began to chatter, glancing curiously at them both. Sho fancied that the doctor's sudden interest in Winny was explained by her old love affair with her latlier. Jiul Jiaria was wrong, ixaiurc adapts women to be either wives or mothers ; the best of one class arc not often the host of Ilia other. Doctor Sarah, with her thin lips and broad forehead, had very few of the qualities which go to make a happy marriage ; but she was a born mother. Besides, she had reached the ago when tho motherly instinct is s'rongcsl in any woman. She might have married Matthew now, not from love, but a pro tec' ivc pity — lo take care of him. It was tho age when Mail, tenon married Louis, and Margaret Fuller the Italian lad. She sat silent, while Mis. Epps and the clergyman talked of the weather, and then rose abruptly and tied on her hal; then sho came up lo him. A mild alarm gathered in his face : ho stood on cuard. ' About this child of yours, Matthew ? I'm a physician, you know.' ' So I have understood,' repressing a smile. She eyed him a moment in silence. ' Whether I deserve the name or not,' sbe said, calmly, ' matters nothing. 1 know enough to assure you that the child's disease is curable if taken in time, but that, if ncglected much longer, sho will be a hclph ss invalid fon life. I have given up practice. But I should like to examine her again. I have taken a fancy to the little thing.. Will you bring her to my house on Tuesday ? ' Mr. Niles hesitated : he blushed, stam mered. ' Mrs. — Doctor — Coyt, I must consider Ihe matter. I am mother and father both to the children, and, to be candid,' gathering couragc, ' I doubt whether my wife would have risked Winny's case in tho hands of so — to irregular a practitioner.' The doctor smiled — a smile which lasted a trifle too long- ' I understand. I am sorry. I had taken a fancy to the child,' she repeated. ' Good morning.' Mrs. Epps followed her down the stairs. ' Don't mind it doclor. Ho is a bigoted little man,' she said, soothingly. ' Oh, it's nothing ! ' Doctor Sarah replied, hurriedly. ' The objection really came from his wife. Many mothers used to object to me as a practitioner bccausc 1 never had a child.' When Mr. Niles and his little girl took their seals in the Irain that evening to return to his parish in Maryland, he saw Doctor Sarah at the other end of the car. The Rev. Mr. Abbott, one of liie leaders of his church, came in, and, much to Matthew's surprise, slopped to speak to her, and did it with marked deference. He took a scat presently beside Matthew. ' That is Sarah Coyt,' he whispered. ' The litile woman with the strong, fine lace. ' Oh, yes,' said Mr. Niles, giggling, ' I know. One of the strong-minded Bister-hood.' | ' She has an exceptionally clear head for business, if that is what you mean,' I replied Mr. Abbott, ' Rides the suffrage hobby hard, I believe ; but childless I women must have some such outlet. But she has amassed a considerable fortune '|jl by her business tact.' Jjp ' Indeed 1 ' said Matthew gravely. He '0 looked at Sarah with altered eyes. Ha 8 had a respectful awe of anyb idy who conld fj§ make money. 'jg The troin rolled swiftly on. Doctor 'fff Sarah talked to Eli, who accompanied her S§ as far as Philadelphia, of her argument on the sixteenth amendment, but her eyes f l under her veil scanneu deliberately het ?| old lover and his clrld. How miserably poor they must be! Mattlev did not wear now the new suit, which Mrs. Epps I had given him, and tho child's clothes, % her hair, her manner, a I showed the lack of a mother's care. ' But it is no bnsinrss of mine,' she said. . ' I leave the causo in thy hands,' said l\Ii, parting with her at Philadelphia. '? The eyes of the country will be upon l bee to-morrow.' Evening was fulling. The train rolled smoothly on in the soft twilight through the drowsy Maryland villages, with negroes lounging in crowds about the stations, through rich pastures crimson with clover, and the old apple orchards; over long bridges, wi'h stretches of gray lapping water beneath, and here and there a filmy sail moving dim and spectral ia the faint sign of the rising moon. j Doctor Sarah pointed them out to 1 Matthew, who now sat behind her. ' Surely a ghost sits at the rudder yon der. It might be Charon coming for ns in his boat,' she said. Matthew smiled. Women are all silly ond fantastic alike! But it was a kindly smile. The little man's affectionate heart smote liitn for his rudeness. She had meant kindness, and lie had snubbed her bru'nlly. She could not be a bad woman, when Mr. Abbott thought so well of her. lie was glad when Winny went over and sat down by her. Tho lonely, neglccted child had understood the meaning in -he woman's eyes. Presently she fell asleep, and Sarah put her arm about her and drew her down on to her shoulder. Then Matthew eanio over lo tlieni, and the doctor nodded anrl smiled and pointed out Charon and hiB Imat. After all it was comfortable to ha in accird with his old friend again. It was a friendly world I That little Mrs. Epps, now, was a good Clnistian soul, though she had her whims. Matthew, although conscious that lie was the only entirely sane person in the world, felt to-night a sense of the beauty and good will and happiness in it as never before. Usually bis little mind was kept acprlk and rcslless by tho stringent want of money. But' this evening he needed nothing. He looked at the nodding pas- | seugeis in the silent c.ir witb a good humoured smile, and then at the. sleeping valley flooded now with the light of the ris- ii moon. It was tbe timo when, if he had been at home, he would have had p'ayers with the childien. H» a! way a j had the feeling, as they koelt, 'that their mother was near them. ' The Lord ia our shepherd,' said the devout little man, silently. ' He leadelh us besido tbe s'ill waters.' ''lie valley before him wavered gid dily ; there was a deafening roar, a hot rush of vapour, and then he was lying ill tho wet grass, the moon going out in darkness, Djctor Sarah was unhurt. Slia' gathered her legs and arms out of tha mass of struggling bodies, and then, without a word, beg.m to tug at Winny. Tho child did not move, Doctor Sjrah presently caught at the arm of a bnr'y fellow who was shouting out terrified oaths and questions. '? ' Try and compose yourself,' sho siid -^-J grimly. ' Wo have run into a freight train, and half of us are killed. Tttke* hold of this child. She is a cripple.'- ' Cripple ? God help us 1 She'd done for, then I believe I'm not hurt,' shaking himself. He drew Winny . out with exceeding gentleness, and carried her to the field, followed by Sarah. ' It's too late, ma'am,' as he laid ber down. Tho doctor's practised hands were at work. ' No ; she is a'ive, but her other leg is broken. What village is that ? ' For tbe people from the next station wern crowding about the train. It proved to bo Matthew's parish.' In half an hour ho was carried to his own bouse by somo of his parishioners, .who seemed very fond of the lit'le man. He was conscious, mid the physicians could Gnd no, external injury. 1 It is the steam which he has swal lowid,'1 said Doctor Sarah. ' Bring in the other children *o him. It will be too lit' in a few minutes.' It was such a bare little bouse !., Her keen eye took note of every mailk of poverty even while'she stirred a draught for the dying man. The village doctors wero bnsyjwitb Winny. ?, ' It is a compound f ructurp,' ? one of tliein said. ' A cisp. for months.' 'Have these chi dren no kinsfolk?' demanded Sarah. ' No. Poor Mr. Niles has scratched along as he could for them alone.' _:- ' And what is to become of them now, God only knows !' groaned a despondent ' fat mother in Israel, who lieVd the bandages. ^ ^ 'Tho Lord will provide. He always does,' said the village doctor. ? : i - The boys, ugly, manly little fellows, were brought io, terrified and half asleep. Doctor Sarah carried the baby in its night-gown, and laid her oil the ; bed beniile Matthew. Rut be was ficaroely conscious now. 'Is that yon, Dot 1' lin said. ' Papa can't romp this morning.' Presently lie passed his band gropingly over her face. ' Poor little Uot'! O Gorl ! who is there to take carebf th^m 1' Sarali hesitated. She remembered tha cause to wh'cb she had 'given tier life. She. had been in earnest when she .gave it. Then she stopped and took bis hand. ' I am here, Matthew,' sbe: :said quietly. - Tbe Congressional committee rae|, ac cording to appointment, iand vwaited in vain for Doc'or S(iral)/'': '. ' ?'?} Fi iend Eli So« erhy V(ui imturaliy In- ? diguant when he heard , *! There is always an o^sji'ciei'lfi-fi^way^^fith worn n,' ho said ^uti*by f-inust i{ always be a man or nimby}' J «' ? ? ' - !-e- 