PUBLIC WELCOME TO BISHOP KENNION. A public meeting to welcome the Right Rev. Dr. Kennion, the newly appointed Anglican Bishop, to South Australia was held in the Town Hall on Thursday evening. There was a large and representative audience, the ball being fully occupied, and numbers find ing room in the gallery. On the platform and in the side galleries were seated the members of four church choirs and various Sunday scholars. The Hon. J. C. Bray, M.l\ (Chief Secretary), occupied the chair, and around him were Dr. Kennion, the Hon. S. J. Way (Chief Justice), the Hon. R. D. Jioss, ALP. (Speaker of the House of As* scmbly), the lion. H. Scott, M-Li.C., Dean Kuesell, Archdeacon Marryat, Canon An drews, the Revs. A.G.Raustorae (chaplain to the bishop), T. Field, and F. S. Poole, Mr. H. R. FuUcr (Mayor of Adelaide), Mr. S. Tomkinson, M.P., Dr. Mayo, Messrs. S. Davenport, C. B. Young, and other gentlemen. An organ solo having lieen played by Mr. X, J. Warhurst, The Chairman said the object of their meeting, as they were all aware, was to oSer a public welcome to the Right Reverend Dr. Kennion, the newly-appointed Bishop of Adelaide. Many of those present would re member one afternoon in January of last year when they assembled in that hall to bid farewell to Bishop Short, who had so long and ably presided over the Church of England in this colony. They then, and for some time afterward;, experienced feelings of great anxiety to learn who was Hfeely to be appointed bis successor, and that anxiety was turned into satisfaction when the news reached them that the choice had fallen upon the Rev. George Wyndhun Kccnion. (L?ud cbeers.) They experienced this satisfaction not only because they were fully satisfied that die learned men to whom had been entrusted the choice of their new bishop would exercise that choice with sound judgment, butalso because from all hands they heard that the Rev. Mr. Kennion had dis charged the duties of a minister of re ligion in such a way as to make him respected and loved by all those persons amongst whom he labored. (Choers.) That the arrival of their new bishop was an event of do ordinary importance was proved by the very large number of persons attending there that evening to offer a hearty welcome to his lordship. That meeting he took it was one of the best possible indica tions that could be given to the bishop that the people of South Australia of all religious denominations were anxious to assist him as far as they could in the discharge of his im portant duties, and also to weloome him at a personal friend. (Cheers.) With the permis sion of the meeting he would call upon their old friend Dr. Mayo to propose the first re solution. (Cheers.) Dr. Mayo said he had been placed in that position in order to bring forward a motion extending a hearty weloome to the bishop. They did not need the credentials of the bishop now, seeing that they were now fully convinced that they had amongst them a man who would be a blessing to the colony. (Cheers.) As be had been asked to take a part in the proceedings, he would give a snort account of what he had witnessed here since he landed in 1837. He saw a man at the corner of North-terrace and Morphett street surrounded by boards and palings, who bad a hammer and nails, and Tie was commencing to erect a place in which to return thanks to Almighty God, aud to auk for bis protection in this new country. That man was the Rev. Mr. Howard, one much beloved, and one who conscientiously did bis duty. They next had the Rev. James Karrell, and in IW7, Dr. Short, the rirrt Bishop of Adelaide, came brie. The bishop bad to get order out of chaos, and he was very much respected and beloved, not only for the ecclesiastical management of the church but for his cocial qualities as welL Dr. Short find ing hitnsolf getting weak had resigned liis position, and now the Rev. Dr. Kennion had come to undertake the duties of bishop of this diocese. They had row. he might almost say, the good shepherd. Tin re were plenty of lambs and sheep for him to attend to, and he had no doubt that th*y would in course of time be multiplied. He niovod— * That this meeting, being well aware of the satirfaction with which members of the I burch of England beard of the accep tance by the Ki^ht Itev. Dr. Kennion of the I'iibopru of Adelaide, dexire* to welcome his lordship with the utmost cordiality." (l/mi cheers.) The Hon. H. H< <">tt mentioned that he had rren asked by Dean Risasell on board the I'arramatta to be present on that o.ca-ion to bear his testimony to the great worth of his very reverend fellow- passenger. If the bishop were not there that evening he thought he might almost venture to say part at all events of what be thought in his favor. As one who had had the privilege of hsing in bis lordship's company for several week* he might be permittel to say what he thought of his lordship, not only 'as a bi?ho;> but as a gentleman and a good Christian in every secce of the word. Sin.-c he had arrived he had been asked several questions about the new bishop, and to many of these questions be had been obliged ro re turn a somewhat negative answer. When a?Lcd whether the bishop wan a ritualist be ?a> obliged to say "ho." (Loud cheers.* Was he a low churchman ? To that he was obliptd to nay *'No." (Cbccr*.) Was he a l>rcod churchman? To that also he had said tbat he really did not know because be did r.ot really comprehend what a broad church man was. (Cheers and laughter.) If they wanted to know anything about the liirho)) be must refer them to the good f>eonle in the parish where he officiated as vicar. Let them ask his lordship's fellow-workers there, and if they did not give a ?i ibeiently good opinion of him they might ?onM:lt tho-e ladies and gentlemen who were associated with the various charitable and benevolent institutions of 1 Bradford: and if that did not suffice, let them ask the clergy men of other denomination* who were not ?>f the same church, but who took ~o much trouble to testify Use high opinion they en ti tiainod, not only of his lordship personally as arlrrpyman. but alto of the immense amount of pcod he had done in Bradford. {Cheer*. 1 IVihaps he (Mr. Scott) might be justified in making some allusion to some correspon dence which had taken place in the papers lately. He felt perfectly certain that no one who had taken part in the corrwpondenoe had been actuated l>y any unkind feel irg. He thought perhaps that the corre spondence wax a little mistaken, but he was disposed to think tbat it would do good, because it would not only give the bishop an opportunity of knowing the vtate of feeling which existed in this colony, but would givo him a clear insight into the glorious freedom of the Church of Koglanit ma well J? that of other denominations here. It had, more over, directed public attention to the bishop a lid to his actions, and he was quite certain tbat they would stand the criticism to n bich they would be subjected. He thought it only fair to his lordship that he should make an allu>ion to a matter which had ex cited interest he-re, and although what he was about to say referred to private eonroraationj lie trusted his lordship would pardou his lepeating that conversation. Some time ago it was felt by a great number of j<eop)e Uiat tlie Council of the Adelaide f niversify cji sired to hold the position of Chancellor of (he t niveraity as a warm berth for the Hi>hop of Adelaide, whoever he might be. Now, as a member of the council, he was perfectly certain that that was not the _ feeling of the. majority of members 'of the council. However, some friend—whether judicuvisly or not it wa* not for him to aay—handed his lordship a paper in which the matter was discussed. HU lotdbbip came to him (Mr. Scott) and asked for a little information on the subject. The bishop had said that ho thought be would have plenty to do in no large a diocese as South Australia to occupy the whole of bis time as a bishop, and he went further than that, for he aaid that whatever might be the wishes cf the people connected with the University, nothing but a feeling of absolute necessity and duty on his j>*rt would iuduce bini to occupy such a position if it were, crtiied to him. (< "heers ) The possibility cf Mich a thins seemed tn cause hit lor-1 ship prrat uneasiness, and it was with feelings of relief tbat lie learnt at King Ueor^e's Sound that the position of CUauuellor of the I niver&ity; had been deservedly conferred on His Honor the Chief Justice. (Cheers.) He had made this explanation to set the recent dia cusaion at rest. Otherwise the explanation might never have been made, (Hear, hear.) He begged to second the reaolutuuj. Mr. C. B. Youtii; supported the motion, and spoke of the feelings of satisfaction with which the news of the appointment of his lordship was received in South Australia, not only by members of the Church of England, but by the other colonists as welt They all knew the energy and zeal which characterised his lordship, and were ittsurcd that these characteristics would be .successfully brought to bear in the govern ment of the Anglican diocese of this colony. Havicg paid a high tribute to the late Bishop of Adelaide, Mr. Young remarked that they could not expect their new bishop to please everybody. There might be sundry crusty clergymen and others who were dissatisfied > toteiday because admission to the cathedral was by ticket, but who would have been ?<|uaiiy disgusted had any other arrangement been made, by which there would have lu-cn a general sciiumiage to get into the place of worship. In concluding he said the {jcoplc of the Ohnrch of England wished to receive their bibhop with open arms, and that highly representative meeting showed how be was already appreciated by other members if the community, (Cheer*}. Tfce (notion was carried with acclamation. ? Ixur. -RtvsFM. repd apolog: .-i fa;- uen fet.ridtfiiL? jrxMu tilij Ktf>. W. lv. l-ttKtiaer, who was at Vankalills, and from Che Bee. J. LyalL who was at Port Wakefield. The Hon. S. J. Way said he was sue they all felt with those who had had the manage ment of the arrangements for that evening's fathering that the proceedings would have been incomplete if they had not included a' welcome not only from the members of the Church of England towards his lord ship, but also from the colonists at large, and therefore he had much pleasure in standing there as a layman not conforming to the Church of England, not in any representa tive capacity, but still, he believed, repre senting the very widespread feeling through- Out the colony, in moving the resolution placed in bis hands. That motion was— "That a hearty welcome be given by his fellow- colonists to a new colonist—the Bishop of Adelaide—with the expression of their earnest hope that his labors may prove a benefit not only to the church over which he presides but to the whole community." (Cheers.) Those of them who were in the habit of watching the features of religious life in England as well as in the colonies must have noticed in spite of controversy upon many important questions a growing feeling of forbearance and of toleration—an inclina tion to recognise that there was something a great deal more important in the aims and the belief in which all the churches agreed than in the differences by which they were separated. (Cheers.) Again and again there were pleasing inci dents, nappy events that forced from them the exclamation which was as appro pria'e now as it was in the early centuries of Christianity, "Behold how these Christians love one another." And this feeling of for bearance and of charityis perfectlyconsistent with loyalty to their own convictions, and with loyalty to the religious bodies with which they were associated. Nobody for example supposed that there was any probability in England that the clergy of the diocese of Gloucester and Bristol would go over to the Independents, and the hearts of Nonconformists were thrilled with delight at the generosity, the noble generosity which was displayed by the dean and many of the leading clergy in Bristol in going in person to give a fraternal welcome to the members of the Congregational Union of England and Wales, who were holding their sittings in that city. (Loud cheers.) That was an event which they would have thought quite impossible ten or twenty years ago, jost as an incident which occurred not very far from onr own doors would have been reckoned impossible a score of years ago. (Hear, hear.) He did not pretend to know very much about church matters, but be supposed he would not be far wrong if he pronounced the Arch bishop of Canterbury a sound churchman (Cheers.) Many of them had read the farewell address which he published to the church- Den of the diocese of Trnro, an address which no one could read without recognising in it the true ring of earnestness and of sincerity, and yet these were the large hc-artcd words in which he spoke of the Wesleyans and other dissenting churches in the county of Cornwall:—" Little justice should I do to my creed or my feelings if I did not yet once again, as often in the past, acknowledge with love and gratitude that activity for Christ's sake, that open bandedness, that kindness towards all good works, that favor at beholding growing ac tivities in the church which have been shown by the Wesleyans and by others, many others who nevertheless have and use energetic organisations of their own." (Loud cheers.) Now he trusted the Nonconformists are in clined to strive, as Bishop Benson said be strove, after the sweetness of charity of which be spoke in the address, and he (Sis Honor) thought he might appeal to his lord ship that in the words of regret and respect which were addressed to him on his leav ing his parish in Bradford, there were none more earnest and sincere than those which were made by the Non conformists of the West riding. (Cheers.) And for his part and that of that large section which, like himself, did not conform to the Church of England, he felt that their welcome to His Lordship would be as hearty and sincere as that he received from the members of fats own church. (Cheers.) They all knew the interest with which His Lordship's arrival amongst them had been regarded, and that bad been brightened by a good many circum stances incident to his coming. The interest which bad been manifested had not been diminished by the knowledge that His Lord ship had not come here for the purpose of re newing controversy and differences that had been settled and laid dead long ago. (Cheers.) He gathered from the reported expressions of His Lordship while in England that the itauncbest Nonconformist amongst us here did not recognise more heartily than did His Lordship that in a young colony like this, founded and built up as much by Noncon formists as by churchmen, it was better that the churches should do their work un trammelled by the control of the State, and unencumbered by its help. (Cheers.) His Lordship would be fint of all ? good church man and a good bishop, and they would have an example in the career of his lordship that a man might be not only a sound churchman and a good and great bishop, but a good citizen as veil. (Cheers.) It had been truly ?aid that no citizen of this colony had ever received such flattering demonstrations of admiration for his character as a citizen than did his lordship's predecessor on the occasion of his saying good-bye to the colonists in that very halL {Cheers.) It must be allowed that it.was a great advantage, not to the Church' of England alone, but to the colony at large, to see here amongst them in the person of his lordship a man in the prime and vigor of his hf r, a man of high culture and rare attain ments, of broad and liberal sympathies, who came to us with the prestige not of high office simply, but of having been selected for that office by some of the wisest and greatest of the prelates of the Church of England as possessing singular gifts for the position he was called upon to till : and he would go over the length and breadth o' his great diocese, loyal to the Queen, always an the side of law and order and of good government, devoted no doubt to the sacred duties of his high office, but performing them and comporting himself touards others with that winning modesty which they had ali noticed in the cathedral, and with that sweetness of charity after which bis lordship as well as Archbishop Benson longs. (Loud cheers. 1. Mr. S. Da\ kmort, in seconding the reso lution, joined heartily in giving a warm wel come to the cew bishop, and in doing so he felt that he was representing a very large cumber of his fellow colonists. He most earcestly desired to give expression to the hope that a loDg life of health, which in con nection with the bishop would be a lone; life of labor in this colony, would result in great happiness to himself and in great benefit to the community. He recognised in the bishop a man of high intellectual powers, a good British gentleman—which meant a good deal—and an earnest and devoted Christian. As a citizen of the world he cared not as to what denomination such a lean might belong; he must be an acquisition to us. Having alluded to the fact that one of three points of our constitution was that no established church should exist in this colony, he said the bishop would find in this colony many denominational Christians who would be willing to put aside mere differences of opinion to co operate with him in undertak ing the great task of evaDgelising the country. (Oncers'.) Mr. K. Seaki.e, as a Congregationalist, although not officially representing the Con gregational body, welcomed his lordship to the colony, and expressed his pleasure at tindicg from his lordship's sermon yesterday that he was a man of broad views. The motion was carried with acclamation. His Louu-iui', who met with a tremen dous reception, said—l want at the very besincing to take you into n>y confidence. I care say 1 shall hear more of it from another quaiter, but I am going to risk it, and to say in spite of what ever fate may be iv store, that glad ?s your resolutions have made me to-night; glad as the kindly words that have been uttetcd have made me feel, there are two words which do stick so in my throat that I can hardly get them out, and hardly get them down; and those two words are " His lordship." (Laughter.) It will be no grief to me if everybody forgets them, (t 'heers and laughter.) And now I waut to say that when I was sent for by the great Archbishop of Canterbury, I was greatly astonished and almost trembling at the great invitation that was extended and the burden that was laid upon me. 1 went, as you may suppose, to consult l>r. Short, your late bishop. I told him that 1 had come to ask him some thing about the diocese of Adelaide. I asked him a few questians, and then I pro duced the letter of the archbishop, and gave it to him to read. He read it, looked at me, and then said, "But how old are yon?" ( Laughter.) And when I told him how old I was he rt minded me that he had been Bishop of Adelaide—well, I won't say how long—but soon after 1 was born. (Laughter.) I wish tbat it was only in age that I feel everywhere so great a difference between myself and him n horn you and I revere so very much. It is a very difficult thing to follow a man like Bishop fchort, not only because his ripeness of years gave every word that fie spoke a special signification, not only because yoa bad learnt thoroughly to trust him and to know him, but because 1 think if you search the whole world through you will hardly find so stout a heart, so energetic a frame, so willing and cordial a hand stretched out to tveryene, so broad a sympathy and so great a determination to do whatever lies iv his power which he believes to be right. (Cheer*. I it is a very great difficulty it seems to me to foUow such a man as Bishop Short. How ever, 1 mean, God -helping me, to do my beat, and whatever that m?y be k?f(h-l eely-?ish you bad aot-aarioipital- U ?i! fuw.il by your ki.ud nrn-U --tt yi^ #i?i rive nte* little-time you shall sea that I will try to do my best (Cheers.) Vow as each eucess?ire speaker got upon his feet and aid words that sounded so very flattering, and so difficult sometimes for me to listen to with* clear conscious I confess that I trembled. I trembled most of all when I saw my friend, if he will allow me to call him so, stand op before you. I thought Mr. Scott most have found meont. (Laughter.) Therearesome men who live in the terrible fear of being found out. ?1 have learnt to dispense with the fear simply because I know that it does not matter much; but I was terribly afraid for all that Mr. Scott might reveal to you that I was not the man you were anticipating by any manner of means. (Laughter.) I thought of a cele brated clergyman who was about to preaoh s sermon on some particular doctrine on which he felt very strongly. He had a little boy, a son of his, who was a re markably intellectual boy, and he told this boy that he wished him to listen particularly, to this sermon, because he wanted him to understand this rather difficult doctrine. When they came out of the church the dig* nitaty of the church—for he was a dignitary —turned to his boy and said, " Well, my boy, what do you think of it f " Please father," returned the boy, " I should like to hear the Other side." (Laughter.) Now I thought when Mr. Scott got op that yon were going to hear the other side. (Laughter.) If he did not give it to yon I can only say tbat the matter has been in some way divided between us, because while yon were saying all the good tilings about me I wa* compelled to be uttering in my own mind a great many bad things which I knew about myself. (Laughter.) Well, yoa will have to take me as you find me. I nave come, as I tried to say yesterday, because I am sent, because I had believed that those men who sent me knew better than I can know whether or not I was fitted for the work here, and because 1 did think that if I had any recommendation whatever it was that one-half of me was Yorkshire, and the other half came from over the border. (Cheers and laughter.) I have, indeed, been touched by some of Out kind things that have been said to-night. I can hardly state to yon in words that are suitable for an evening's meeting like this how very close to my heart seme of those things have gone that have been said by the previous speakers. But this much let me say on the subject of the dif ferences of our nonconformist brethren, that I think we may always remember that if the Church of England has not been able to hold them all, it must be because each of them has preserved some precious truth and jewel in some more brilliant fHTttiiig +J—** perhaps in her large crown the Church of Ensjlaad has found room to sufficiently show forth, and because they may hold that particular jewel all the brighter under the fostering care of their Master, until the mother Chnrcfi of England shall have opened her aims wide enough to have received them to their own placing, and shall have been able to accept more clearly that truth which in God's pro* videncs they had been able so brightly to preserve, (Cheers.) My own feeling is—and I take the line of a sound ?*n?Jnn?n— for I have always found it best tbat where the line is fairly drawn, it always becomes more easy and clear to shake bands across the line. I hold it very true ?ti*t. the Church of England is awakening to the fact that these jewels of truth of which the various nonconformist bodies have per haps held one each, do exist, and that she is awakening to the necessity of accepting so many of these truths in a much stronger degree than she ever did before. I cannot help hoping that my friend with whom I ehook hands just now, and I do thank him with all my heart for what he said, and those on the other side who have cheered as by what they have said, will find that somehow or other we are brought together both in wor ship and in faith, because we are Ipming while we tread near each other—if notexactiy on the same road, that we are going in the same direction—that we cannot afford any longer to be apart one from another as the dangers are so great all around us, and we are now to stand shoulder to shoulder to gether in defence of the great faith in God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost. (Cheers.) These is one good thing I have done for you. I have brought a good wife to the colony. (Laughter.) Yon might have thought I was a long time on the journey. We might have thought when we were -staying in India that we teemed to have stack there too long. I can only assure you that it was not because, as Lord Byron says, "I found it a treacle moon." (Laughter.) lam very ttmnkfnl that we were able to visit India. 1 have learned much by going there, and I will tell you one thing that I learnt asd that I never realised so strongly before. It is that when a man travels through a heathen land and then comes to find tiim?cif at home in a Christian land, he can never think that the differences be tween various bodies of Christians are so great as he may have thought them before. (Cheers.) I have learned another thing of a very agreeable kind, and it is this, that it is not so bad sometimes with the thermometer at 9S= as it is in some countries with the ther mometer at 81. That is a very great thing to have learnt I can assure you when yoa begin life in a colony like tihis on such a day as yesterday was. One might have been despondent bid one come first of all to South Australia and begun work yesterday, but having been to India and discovered what heat is, I think that this is quite cool weather. (Laughter.) .There is something more I frheuld like to say before I ait down, tt lam not trespassing too much on your time. (Cheers.) I may £&y; to the chairman how wonderful the help is which I have found, and which you must have found in such services as those at the cathedral. It is indeed like coming home to take part in such services. I lived in s musical county; Yorkshiremen boast oE being exceedingly musical. (Hear, hear.) E thick tbat most have been a Yorkshire cheer I heard. (Laughter.) t declare that when I came to the cathedral here it was impossible to deny that yoa had secured quite es good, if not better, singing thanany Itaave heard in onr most MgHy valued churches in Yorkshire. (Cheers). It was a solemn and reverent service. I have to 'thank many of you here for the great kindness with which you have endeavored to make the house in which we are living a comfortable ore, but like Lord Wolseley I hope you will allow me to fix the base of operations before making my visits. (Hear, hear.) We were told that in summer we should find the whole place bare and everything looking dried up. I find, however, as it has been beautifully expressed, a brighter Britain. (Cheers.) There is a beauty toastrangerin the brightness which is seen both day and night, here, and the colony seems to me the loophole for England overstocked, and I fear, rather wanting population. It certainly seems as if in our great towns in the north of England, we ought to do something towards getting the people out to South Australia. (Cheers.; There seems to be such a marvellous hope for all who come here. England most gain by a colony like ours, and I am proud to be a colo nist of yours. (Cheers.) I like also the way you always speak of B?iigi?i?i as home; it warms one's heart to hear the term. After a little period I may say it will be my duty to find out whether your parses are of the same character as your hearts. I must give you a little respite; but then you know thecatheiral ought certainly not to remain for Adelaide's sake in the unfinished condition in which, it cow is. (Hear, hear.) I have again to thank you very warmly for your M?ni?f?^? I have tried not to preach a sermon bat I cannot sit down without saying how deeply I thank Almighty God that he nas already so knit our hearts together, how I pray Him that he may enable me not to disappoint the hopes that you seen to have formed of me, I hope, too, tbat you will show patience and forbtarance with me, remembering that I have much to learn from you, and that if you ?ill give me your prayers as you have given me jour welcome I shall indeed be thankful for the kindness you are now sho? irg me. Once again thanking you all, I can ol!> wish you the same blessings and ii&ppi; uess which you have kindly wished me. (Loud and continued cheering;. Ccuiprehensiie votes of H?*r.i.-? terminated the pi occ edicts. During the evenuitj tiie cboir of -SO voices sang *' The cJitu-oa's one foundation," \ The Song of Aua'ralia," and " The National Authe zu/' with u&piial; effect. Mr. S>. Dyke conducted, and Mr. E. .1. War burst presided at the organ. 