OUTWITTING THE MIL' QANLHS, (From Chamber's Journal,) IT was on suoh n morning na wo fog-nurtured islanders seldom witness at homo, that I stood upon tho deck of tho good steamer (Joumoumloimu, watching tho noarlng shores of the Pinuus, which as all tho world knows or should know, is tho port of tho classic oity o£ Athens, Tho beautiful unoloudcd shy; tho bright outlino of tho sun-bathed coast; tho air laden with tho scent of tho distant Ilymot tus; Uio far eminence with tho grand old Acropolis standing out whito and bold in tho clcar atmo.sphero; and olosc at hand tho mouldering tomb of Thomlstooles-all com bined to arouso suoh pootio fancies in my mind, that I forgot for the moment tho pro saic businoss upon which I had como. Tho screaming engine of tho busy littlo railway which carries tho traveller from tho Piriuus to Athene, soon reminded mo, howovor, that I was accredited with a mission from a London Greek firm to their friends in tho Attic city j and I M'as soon whirling ovor the sacred ground Whoro History givos to every rood a pngo! Wo passed tho monumonts of thoso doughty champions of tho War of Independence, Karaiskalds and Miaulis, and many other objects of interest; and aftor a rldo of throe or foor miles, I found myself at my destina> tion. Aftor tho first low days, I certainly had a very pleasant tinio of it, tho few hours' work onoh day noting only as a stimulus to my varied pleasures; and having oxamined tho Acropolis, and lunched by tho fallen pillar of Jitpitor, seatod myself in tho ruins of tho Pnyx-whonco Bomosthonos deolaimed, and Pericles evolved his plans-I looked around liko Alexander, for more worlds to conquer. I thereupon consulted my gonial but un washed host, Kyrio Antonio Poricles Pappa dometraeopoulos-who, although Plato was to him a text-book, and the sayings of Socrates as familiar as tho story of Tommy and Harry to an English sohoolboy, was al ways as dirty as a swoop-upon tho pro priety of betaking myself to whoro Tlio mountains lonk on Marathon, And Marathon looks on Iho sen, For ono might as woll go to Egypt without visiting tho Tyrfimids, or to Romo without entering St. Potor's, ns tc 'do' (irceco and ieavQ Marathon unexplored. And whoa my host tried to dissuado mo by assuring rao that a Greek gentleman's ear had boon sont a fortnight bofora by tho brigands to his obsti nato relatives, to hurry tho negotiations for his ransom, it bo roused my blood, that I vowed I would go if I returned ns closo cropped as an English terrier. So away wo started-myself and Themistoeles, tlio son of my host, a sallow unshaven youth dirtier than his father-mounted upon two high spiritod donkoys, our revolvers well primed, and our commissariat well stocked. 'Adlo/i Kyrle !' shouted my long-named host as wo cantorod off. 1 Ncvor four,' I replied, waving my revolver defiantly, and feeling that I should bo greatly disappointed if tho rascals did not show thorn selves, On avo went, onjoying the scenery and hold ing a hybrid conversation-he in broken English, and I in sadly mutilated Greek until in tho oxcitomcnt of tho ride, and the glorious panorama constantly unfolding itself to our view, I ontircly forgot that there were such beings as brigands in existenco. .Now,' said I to Themistoeles, after a ride of some hours, during which my appetito had bocomo unpleasantly sharpened,' lot us look about for a Bpot where wo can bivouao in comfort.' Wo soon found a delightful place, sheltered all round, save whero, through a small opon ing, wo obtained a view of a ohariuing land soapo. Dismounting, and allowing our animals to refresh themselvos on tho grass, wo soon mado havoc of tho good things we had brought. I was lyiug upon my baok smoking a oigaretto after tho meal, gazing droamily at the blue tlrmanent; and being too lazy to rise, had called upon Themistoeles to pass tho bottle. ' Has the fellow gone to sleep?' thought I, ? ? i in. ii mmmmm-i-nnwn still indisposed to turn my head. 'Thcuuin. tocles I' But Themistoolea heard mo not; and when I raised mysolf upon my elbow, I saw him standing, aa if struck dumb and motionless with fear, staring upon tho opening. Instinc tively 1 leaped up and clutchod my revolver; but before I took a stop,'tho'caufiG of Thomis toclos' fear beearao apparent; and three shaggy forms behind three blunderbusses aimed direct atjno, mado mo fully aware tlint I was iu tho presence of those scourges <>f Greeco, the brigands 1 But oh! what a metamorphosis! Whore wevo'tho natty green jackets with silver buttons, tho plumed hat*, and tho tout ensemble of the brigands of my youth, of the operas and tho picturo-books ? Three ragged, disrepulablo-looking figures, clad in greasy sheep-skins and dirty clothe?, unkempt, unshaven, took the place of those tinsellod heroes, and with stern gestures and muttored throats, ordered us to follow them. My first thought was resistance j but when I showed tho slightest signs, tho three boll mouthed-nuiskets wero bout towards mo; and I felt that the odds were too many, and deter mining to await events, grimly submitted to bo led down tho mountain by our unsavory guidos. At last, after winding through ravines and hollows, across glens and over mountain paths innumerable, this most unpleasant jnurnoy onded by our guidos calling a halt as wo gamed tho summit ot an eminence huv roundod by trees and tall rocks, forming an extraordinary natural fortress. Bcnoath our foot, in a deop ravino, with Bcomingly but ono outlet, and oxcollontly sholtored by over hanging foliage, was tho camp of tho bri gands; and here wo found tho rest of tho shaggy mlHans-with tho oxeeption of ono who stood sentinel-enjoying their siesta with indolsnt content. A shrill whistlo soon brought'the rascals to their feet; and rushing up to meet us, they displayed a dozen of as unfavorable speci mens of tho human raco as could well be found. Seizing our asses by their bridles, they relieved our captors, and lod us down tho raviuo; and having roughly assisted us to dismount, brought us into tho prcsenco ot tho chief of tho band. 'Bravo, lads 1 excellent, escollent!' lie shouted, 08 his sparkling eyes bent upon us in delight; and ftftor a cursory examination, wo wore conduoted, amid the excited gcsticula tiona of the brigands'and without undue cero raony, into a dark cavern within the ravine. ' Shiver my maintops!' oxclaimed a voieo as I groped my way in ; 1 they might givo us sea-room, the vagabonds, ancl not land us in this lubberly creek j and now thoy avo shov ing moro croft in to anchor!' 'Haul in, Jack, old cliumI' answerod another j ' wo must mnko the best of a bad job, mato,' To sa(y that my heart leaped to my mouth at heaving such uncxpcctcd words, and lind oountrymen, would no more than cfesciibo the ohecring sensation that thrilled through me. ' What cheer, mntos?' X cried in the dark ness, Answering exclamations of astonish ment greeted my words; and in a few minutes our storios were told; and I learned that my now-found friends wero the Captain and supercargo of a ship then lying in tho port of tho Pinuus, who, seeking a like object, had met with a similar fate to my own, 'And now,' said Captain Jack Jenkins, 'how ni'Q wo to got out of this scrape? It I had Tim, and Joe and Black Tom, each with a cutlass and a barking-iron here, wo'd soon make a passage, I'd warrant 1' ' That's all very well,' said Will Johnson tho suporcargo ; ' but wo haven't. If I'd but the opportunity given mo, I'd guarantee' Whatever tho superaargo was about to say was out short by tho advent of two shock heads at tho lilllo opening of onr prison, and two harsh voicoa calling ua-as my guido Themistoclos informed us-to partako of a feast i for wo learned afterwards that tho chief, in commomoration of having made such a good haul, had decidcd to allow ua, his prisoners, to partake of the general festi vity. But as a preliminary, wo had to under go an examination as to our capability of paying tho anticipated ransoms. Iflrst, we wero relieved of our wntchcs and lings, (he Captain using languago rather strong for translation lo these pages, to tho great amusement of Ills tormentors, who with simi lar gesticulations to his, endeavored to imi tate tho sound of tho Captain's words, which of course only added to his wrath and their hilarity. 'You unooinbed, dirty-faced vagabonds!' ho shouted,' if I had a few of you aboard tho .Idia'c Martin, I'd twist your ugly heads over tho yard-arm in tho twinkling of a jiffy I' Of courso thoy only laughed the louder at his impotent rage; and I thought it quite as well that thoy did not understand tho lan guago in which ho gave it vent. Tho operation of stripping us of our valu ables gave mo an opportunity to observe the appearanco of my companions. Captain Jenkins was tho beau-ideal o£ an English sea man. In ago about thirty-ftve, of a large and robust build, a face broad, manly, and bearded, and limbs suoh as would delight ft sculptor to copy. His height was nearly six foot; and ho had an air of command about him which was doubtless bred of his occupa tion. The mipcrcnrgo, Will Johnson, was perhaps ton years younger; nearly as tall a* liis friend, strong and activc ., and take us altogether-for I am of no mean stature mysolf-wo wero tlireo men who, under any oircuinstances, would bo no disgraco to our country; and if any opportunity should nriso for an nttompt nt an oacape, I felt cer tain that we should givo as good an ncconnt of oursolvos as any scrntoh three, hero or thoro, ' Having satisfied theiflsolvcs of tho "value of my lato father's watch, which I parted from with Romo omotion, and o! the intrinsic worth of tho Captain's gold chrouometer, as well as tho supercargo's watch and diamond ring, we wore interrogated, through Thcmistocles, as to our means. For mysolf, the name o£ the firm I was travelling for acted with a talis nianio effect upon them, and I was immedi ately assessed-notwithstanding ray protesta tions-at three hundred pounds. At this price, too, tho Captain's freedom was valued ; whllo the unfortunato supercargo-whose business thoy persisted in confounding with that of owner of tho cargo and ship-was unanimously voted to bo worth twice our ransom, Having arranged this matter to their own satisfaction, if not to ours, wo wero told to sit down and enjoy ourselves with what anpotite wo could muster. Tho smell of tho roast lamb and the freshly baked meal-cukes, however, soon aroused pleaaanter sensations, and dimmed for a time tho memory of our griefs; more especially as, under tho apparent certainty of obtaining his booty, tho chief condescended to bo quite patronising towards us, carving tho joints himself for us, and dclicatoly handing on the point of a dagger, our several portions. After wo had satistied our hunger with tho more solid viands, wo wore rogaled with dried fruits as dessert; and a largo jar of a peculiar shorry-colored but bad-tasting wine of a re sinous llavor-which Thcmistoclcs described as the common wine of tho country-was brought in and sot down in tho midst of us. This wo told them wo could not drink; and the chiof very generously ordered ua a couple of bottles from his own particular store, doubt less the proceeds of a raid upon some well-to do housoholder. Will Johnson after a time managed to in gratiate himself in the favor of our shaggy lioist uiiil his friends by hid fjuuiulliappy man ner find frank bearing, favoring the company with many remarks, whioh, translated by Thcniistoclc;;,evidently pleased tlioin. Whon, too, by «leight-oMiand--in whioh ho was an adopt-ho performed Eomc simple trioks, and cave them a musio- hall songjwith a rollioking chorus, and wound up with a hornpipo ac companied by tho Captain with a pocket comb and a pieeo of paper, tho general .en thusiasm Knew no bounds, and tho beetle browcrl vagabonds laughed till tho tears rolled down their cheeks. Will now beenmo on nuch excellent terms with them all, that ha proceeded to take Homo freedoms with them; and whon ho unatehud the horn from the cup- bearer, and installed himsolC in tho official's place, ladling tho wino out ol tho wido-mouthed jar and handing it round to tho company, bis triumph was complete, ' For heaven's sake I' said ho as ho passei? us,' don't tako any of this Btuff, and don't drink much of your own.' ' Never fear,1 said Jenkins,', making a wry facG; 10110 tasto is sufficient.' And so Will wont round with tho oup, mak ing a comical remark to this ono, and a grim ace at that, until the chief-evidently foaring from their hilarity that thcyf.wero taking too much-ordered them to desist from drinking, and return to their several duties. Moanwhiio, wo woro sent back into our dungeon, with a sentinel stationed at the oponing, . Not a word,' whispered Will, as wo settled down in our prison.-'Here's something, Captain,' ho continued,1 that belongs to you.' 1 Wliy,^ said tho Captain in reply, as Will handed him the article mentioned, 1 this is a stopporout of my medicine chest.' 'To bo suro it is, Jack,' returned Will; and I must apologise for the liberty of tak ingyour laudanum phial; but my confounded back-tooth was so painful on board tho ship last night, that I got up and took it, and luckily forgot to return it this morning. You must debit mo witli the bottle and its con tents, for I dropped them both into tho vaga bonds' wine-jar!' . What!' wo all exclaimed in a breath. ' Now, stop your clappers I' continued the supercargo.-' Jack, you know I'm not bad at sleight-of-hand tricks. Woll, in the! jfirafc plaeo, having contrived to secrete tho bottle whilo tho blackguards were relieving mo of my valuables, and thon having attained tho posi tion of waiter, what was easier than to wriggle tho bottle down my sleove, whip out tho stop per, and drop tho lot into their swipes; giv ing tho bottle a crack and stirring-tho lauda num up, overy timo I dipped tho horn into it i' _' Bravo, Will!' cried tho Captain, soiling his hand and giving it a hearty shako. ' If that's tho ease, we'ro safe ., for tho black faccd rascals won't wako up for a dozen hours I'll bo bound, There I our guard has dropped off already I' And suro enough, tho drowsy ruffian" had planted himself right across tho oponing and was snoring loudly, 'Now for HI', cried the impetuous Jack Jenkins, rising. ' Hold hard !/, s<ud Will.'"" 'Let thorn get well off.' Ho, settiug ourselves down for half an hour, wo talked the matter over. At tho end of this timo, wo sont tho trembling Themistooles to seo how things woro outside; and after pooping over tho prostrate sentinel, he gave us to understand that all wcro sleeping except threo, and they wcro retiring to the farther end of the ravine, and would in a minute be out of sight. ' Capital I ' said Will, witli suppressed ex citoment. ' Now, each tako a pistol and a cutlass from tho follow*, and follow me,' One after the other wo stepped across tho sleeping brigand at tho entrance, Will reliev ing him of his pistol, dirk, and blunderbuss ; whilo the Captain and I stood by ready to givo him his quietus at tho slightest sign o! liia waking. Thon tho four of us, gliding like ghosts, assisted ourselves to whatever weapons we could most easily lay hands upon; and as Thcniistocles was not of much uso /or fight ing, wo gave him tho bag containing our valuables- which wo found by tho side of tho sleeping chief-as well as noveral spare pistols, to cany, Picking our way without speaking a word, wo advanced towards tho open end of the ravine, and just as wc turned round n jutting picco of rock, wo saw tho three senti nels, seemingly in earnest conversation. ' Halt!' whispered Will. ' Now for a rush I' and each singling out his man and clutching his rillo by tho barrel-for wo avoided tho noiso of shooting-\\\ o sprang forward. Al most simultaneously, and before tho onomy had time to ob- jcrvo us, wo wore upon thom, and threo rifle-stocks descended upon threo shock heads with such force, that two of the fellows dropped.liko stones. Tho stock of my riflo glanced off the hard head of my antago nist and washed against tho rock. With a stifled cry, he turned; but in an instant ray hand was upon his throat, and tho sound diod in his gullet ; while with tho strength of desperation, I clashed his head against tho wall-like rock ; and after a struggle-in which ho wounded me with his dagger-ho fell from my grasp, apparently lifeless. 'Now,' said tho Captain, ' whero arc tho donkeys?-Come, Crroehy!' ho cricd to Them i stocks; . bear a hand ;' and looking around, wo espied our four animals just as we left thom, but with a brigand sitting by thera. Hero was an unlookod-for rencontre I Ho was fully a hundreds yards off, and to got at him, wc should havo to cross a small; plateau. 'Leavohimto me!' cried Jenkins,prepar ing to rush forward. But undor tho advice of tho supercargo, ho stopped. Wa could have picked him off easily, but dared not) for the noiso of tho rifles. ' Hang il I' impatiently muttered Jenkins, ' wo shall bo trapped again, after all;' and without further parley, the impetuous follow started off, running 011 Ilia tipH of his toes, with a drawn cutlass in one hand and a pis. tol in the other. Just ashc was within a few yards of the brigand, the latter turned round, and seeing how matters stood, made for his rifle, which was leaning against a tree a few foot off; but a revolver hurled deftly by Will Johnson- for wo had all followed-catching him directly in the face, so ol'feetually stopped his progrous, that he fell stunned to the ground, ' You persist in doing all the work,' said Jenkins as wc came up to him. ' But (]Uick» lads ; off wc go!' and in a moment wo wore on our iwsca, and under the guidance of our Greek companion, were making with break* nock speed for Athens. Up hill, down dale, on wo went for a couple of hours without stopping or meoting a human being; then, just as wo were about to cross the summit of a mountain at which wo had arrived, a harm* lens-looking peasant wished us . good-day,' and was about to pass on, ' Soizo him I' criod Themistcles j ' lie's a scout.' So seize him we did, for caution's sake; and as there were no trees near, we tied his hands and legs togother, and left him bogging for mercy, But there was no mercy in_ us, more especially as Tbcmietocles explained that thore was such a curious and mysterious connection between thobrigands and villagers, that it was by no means unlikely-had wo allowed him to go free-ho wouldhavo hied to tho nearest village and roussd a swarm of somi-brigands about us, Having travelled for four hours, and as our asses could seareoly got along for fatigue, wo called a halt 1 and after resting ourselves and watering our animals, we continued our journey until, lalo at night, wc reached Athens, where, round the hospitable board of our host, we soon forgot our troubles, 