OUR DEFENCES. Whatever doubts may have been hitherto entertained as to the possibility of Australia having to Bhare in her own defence against an attack from such a naval power as France or Russia, such a prospect is now imminent. The recent nneasy feeling- exis'ing, mor<- especially with regard to the intentions of th6 former nation as to establishing herself and her loathsome colonies broadcast on the neighboring islands of the Pacific and Indian oceans, lm been more than confirmed by ber action at Madagascar, and still more lately a' the New Hebrides. Not only, however, is it in view of these portentous events ; hut in the tone of the entire Press of France is a bitter jealousy against England and the colonies. As a matter of course, the army and nav are not slow to follow the lead of the Government, Parliament, and Press oi Paris, especially when the burning clesire of the nation leads to war. The extraordinary and totally indefensible- interference of the French with th- sovereign rights of China in Anam was sufficiently startling; but the attack upon the Hovas was still a greater ami more cowardly outrage. Not satisfied with obeying the orders of bis Go vernment in the bombardment, the French Admiral, Pierre, on his own responsibility, proceeded to the perpetra tion of a series of national insults on the 'British flag to which it has never before been subjected. Through some fancied "insufficient recognition of the rights ol the French at Tamatave, Admiral Pierre actually ordered the removal of the British . Consul from that place within twenty-fonr hours ; a disgrace the fulfilment of whieb that unhapppy officer escaped by obeying in the meantime. But even this was not enough. Admiral Pierre, with the r treachery unknown to Englishmen, in- " rited the captain and officers of H.M.S. Dryad - on shore, to attend the funeral, and there, on some apparently baseless 1 suspicion, detained them by force. We can all understand what a terrible fer ment this would have occasioned on board the little Dryad, and are only ' :< g<«-ro rise to no busty ui ill-uuu- sidered attempt at reprisals ; but, as may readily be imagined, the news created t such a storm of indignation in England. that even our peace-loving Premier was \- forced to the front in a demand for a immediate ample explanation and re dress. Now, had we not, to some extent ' at least, forced the hands of the Home Government to prevent the settlement of this amiable nation t on the contiguous shores of New Guinea, some other French captair. ' might have been by this time carrying it with an equally high hand within sighi of Cape Yorke. Nor are we free from . " that danger even yet. The British Go- " vernment having very properly declined to endorse the action of Queensland, and : most improperly refused to follow it up by annexation, has openly left the shores . of New Guinea at the mercy of any fi.Ul- ? bustering expedition sailing under a national flag. However, it cannot be forgotten that while our princes were swelling the magnificence of the Czar's coronation, at Moscow, nearly the whole " -of the Russian papers were openly advo- eating the occupation of Afghanistan ; And any serious trouble between France , -Yind England would lead to such an at tempt. Australia would then be actually txposed to the attack of two powerful maritime foreeB. It 1b therefore abso lutely necessary for the various Govern ments of the colonies to take immediate r Steps to pat their defences in proper working order, and to have men ready to \-- use the guns, ships and appliances with proper elect. t - A Lost Cheque Traced. — It may be within the recollection of some of our headers that in May, 1882, Mr-F. Sim- ;xnons, now travelling correspondent for i thiB journal, but then representing the i . " Albury Banner," lo3t a cheque for £10 £' 19s 6d, the whole of his month's wages, It I - ' was Mr Simraons's opinion at that time > - ' that he never took the cheque out of the «' office, as he found out his loss five minutes \- . j" after receiving it, aud had not been more than 10 yards from the office during that ,. five minutes. The oheque was stopped f Immediately after the loss, and Mr Adams gave Mr Simmons another duplicate \- cheque the next morning. The loss of the .cheque was also advertised, and together t ; . with the fact of its being stopped. Noth- i-' Ing waB heard of the lost document until more than twelve months afterwards, when Mr Simmons received a telegram '_c from Mr Adams, notifying the fact that the cheque had been sent from Melbourne for collection, and the Bank of Australasia had paid the money and charged it to Mr I Adams's account. The said cheque had been altered from the 2nd May, 1882, to the 22nd May, 1883, and in place of " Pay Mr Simmons" an S had been added, which made it "Pay Mrs Simmons." Directly en receiving the telegram at the _ end of last May, or first week in June, . -Mr S. placed the matter in the hands of . Detective Ward, and sent him down all it', ' the information available. The case has been worked lip in a manner that speaks well for all concerned ; for on Saturday, Samuel "B. Stone, a saddler working for Mr Davidson, at Albury, wae arrested for stealing the cheque, and was remanded . for eight days, to allow of witnesses attend ing from Melbourne. The Oxley Police Court.— In our re- 1 port of the proceedings of the Oxley Police - Court, which appeared iu our issue of Saturday last, the case of Mrs Ann Gal lagher, a defendant summoned under the Education Act for the seventh consecutive time, is thns dealt with: — "The truant- ( officer. Mi Tilt, attended, and although a medical certificate was handed in, stating the inability of Mrs Gallagher to attend, owing to illness, yet he persisted with the case, in the absence of defendant, and a fine of 5s was inflicted." Wo have been requested to state that the case was fixed for July 11th. On that day the certificate was produced, and the case was adjourned until the 18th July ; notice being given to Mrs Gallagher. The truant-officer sub mitted that Mrs Gallagher should have sent a fresh certificate, or, at least, some excuse. In this view of the case the bench agreed, and a fine was consequently in flicted. a .Tnr-key Killed. — A iockey named MTnnis met with a fatal accident whilst riding Chrysalis in the Grand National Steeplechase at Flemington on Saturday. The horse struck the stone wall in the Becondtime round the course, and came down, falling across his rider'B chest. Medical assistance was called in ; but the poor fellow's injuries were so severe, that he died within a few minutes of the acci dent, without recovering eonsciousness. Conviction of Burns, the Murderer. —The second trial of Robert Francis Burns for the wilful murder of Michael Quinlivin at Wicklifte in J une, 18S0, was concluded at Hamilton on Saturday. The jury, after deliberating for three- quarters of an hour, returned a verdict of wilful murder against the prisoner, who was remanded for sentence. Burnes was on Mondry sentenced to death. To Albury Direct. — It is announced that on and after August 1 parcels, horsee, carriages, and dogs will be b lolced by rail from Melbourne to Albury direct. Parliamentary. — In the L-.-gislative Assembly to-night (Tuesday) the debate on the second reading of the Railway Management Bill will be resumed, and, if possible, brought to a conclusion. After the measure has been committed pro forma , the dehate on the budget will be resumed. Thore is uo intention on the part of the Government to introduce any fresh bills during the week, states the "Argus," un less some very tempting opportunity presents itself. Bicycling. — The Albury Bicycle Club took a trip to Bowna on Sunday, no doubt Welieving in the old adage, " The better the day the better the deed." The result of the trip was disastrous to many, aud one of their members will, it is under stood, have to take on extra hands to repair the breaches of the club mem- 1 bers. The twelve miles were done under the two hours. Mr Charles Schmiedt, the president, accompanied the cyclists (but not on a bicycle) on this their first trip. Y.R.C. Winter Steeplechase Meet lira. — The Winter Steeplechase Meeting of the Victoria Racing Club took place on Saturday at Flemi-igton, and was most successful. The weather being fine, there was a large attendance of the public. The first event on the card, the Maiden Hurdle Race, wasjwon by The Joker ; Belle Bran don being second, and Ontario third. Shamrock won the Maiden Steeplechase, with Speculator second, and Hope third. For the Grand National Hurdle Race twelve started ; the winner turning up in Dizzy, with Rhesus second, and Basilisk third. Blackthorn won the Grand National Steeplechase, for which there were eleven starters ; Sailor being second, and Black Jacket third. For the Flat Race, which was won by Virago, with Bonnie Bee cow ..J, aud The Ghost third, there were no fewer than twenty- three starters. Lease Approved. — John Carroll, 58a 3r 34p, Gundowring. The Bethanga Park. — The regulations for the care, proteetion and management of the Bethanga Park, within the shire of Towong, are published in the "Gazette" of the 20th inat. Licenses Approved.— Edward Cubley, 320a, Peeehelha ; Beech worth Pottery Company, 3a, Hurdle Flat ; Robert McCoy, 318a, Tongio-Munjie West ; Chris ten Petersen, 40a, Wallaby ; Thomas Connell, 16a, Whorouly ; Peter Walker, 38a, Myrtleford ; James McQuade, 153a, Norong ; Thomas Frizzel, 172a, Thougla ; Peter Larsen, 201a, Gibbo ; Mzry Ann Surtees, 50a, Wabba ; William Grant, 110a, Colac Colac ; Emma Isabel Simpson, 54a, Nariel ; Charles Wordsworth, 67a, Walwa ; John Rowley, 296a, Berringa ; Robt. J. Burrowes, 34a, Rutherglen ; John L. Whitty, 82a, Moyhu ; John Brice, 320a, Killawarra ; Matthew Hayward, 258a, Peechelba ; Annie M. Berrick, 320 Kil lawarra ; Wm Woodside, 10a, Barwidgee ; Bridget Mitchell, 20a, Lilliput ; Martin Queripel, 17a, Granya ; Thomas Ley, 17a, Tatonga ; George Jones, 20a, Boorhaman; John G. Dumbrell, 20a, Wodonga ; Mar garet Jamisvn, 19a, Tangambalanga. Licenses Declared Void. — A. C. Munro, 1000a, Peechelba ; Braddea Mit chell, 241a, Berringa. Frightful Accident. — The Albury correspondent of the " Argus" states that, a boy named Fredrick Knobel, living with his father, a fisherman, at Mungaba- reena, three miles from Albury, was severely injured on Friday by fire. He had been working hard all day, carting wood, aad on returning home took a seat near the fire, no one else being in the room.- His mother, coming in shortly after, found him lying with his head in the fire, and his face and chest badly burned, one ear being burned right off. He was taken to the Albury Hospital, where he lies in a precarious state. It is conjectured that the lad, who was 17 years old, had over-exerted himself, and that the heat of the room affected bis heart, resulting in a fit of some kind. Fire at Myrtleford. — About half- past 1 o'clock on Sunday morning Mr Henry Hughes, butcher, of Myrtleford, was alarmed by the ory of fire, raised by one of his sons. He ran out, and saw flames issuing from a ahed containing some 35 tons of hay. Iu his shirt, he ran to the end of the shed, where his horses were stabled, and with some difficulty got them out. Such assistance as neighbors could render was given ; but the whole of the shed, roofed partly with galvanised iron and partly with bark, with its valuable con tents of hay and a chaff-cutting machine, were destroyed. The flames extended to. the stables of Mr Puzey, a great part of which were burned. An old man, Moxam by name, was sleeping in the stables at the time, and with some difficulty was rescued. Mr Hughes is insured for a small amount in the Victoria Company's office; but we believe that Mr Pnzey's premises are un insured. Much sympathy is felt for the loss sustained by a struggling man with a large family. The night was peculiar. A : brilliant moon rode serenely in the ; heavens, while a heavy mist obscured' houses even acrosB the street. This pre vented the flames from becoming visible < until the fire had acqnired too great a head to be extinguished by the few means at f the disposal of the neighbors. 1 1 Mr J. E Redmond's Lecture. — In connection with the lecture on " The Irish | Question" to be delivered- by Mr J. E i Redmond, M.P., in St. George's Hall, Beechworth, on Friday evening, we have b=en requested to mention that seats will be reserved for ladies. _ On the arrival of the mid-day train on Friday Mr Redmond will be presented with an illuminated address of welcome in the hall. Crowded Out. — In consequence of the pressure upon our space to-day caused by the large number of municipal election and other advertisements, we have been c- impelled to hold over Dr W. Cleaver Woods's letter on the Ovens District Hospital, together with several reports and other items of news received from various sources. The Library Curator. — At a meet ing at the committee of the Beechworth Free Public Library and Burke Museum I on Mondav evening Mr R. H. Jewkyns, late dispenser at the Ovens District Hospital, was elected to act as curator of the institution. There were thirteen applicants for the position, the salary in connection with which is £80 per annum, with 20 per cent, on subscriptions. At the same meeting a draft of the report to be submitted to the annual meeting of the subscribers to the library on Thursday evening was considered and adopted. A Diamond Drill for this District. At the monthly meeting of the Beech- worth Mining Board on Monday last it was unanimously resolved, on the motion of Mr Ward, seconded by Mr Radcliffe, that the United Shire Council-be asked to nominate three ef their members, to meet the members of the Beechworth division of the mining district, with a vi&w; to tak- ing steps towards convening a public. moot ing to consider the advisability of securing a diamond drill for the division. This is a step in the right direction, and we hope that such united action will be taken as will result in a drill being speedily ob tained, to test the all-important problem as to whether gold-bearing reefs exist to a depth in the district, the proving of which will initiate a new era in the mining his tory of the Ovens, and render Beechworth a second Sandhurst or Ballarat. The Boards of Advice Conference. — This body concluded its sittings in the Town Hall, Melbourne, on Friday. Among the resolutions adopted was one reccommending the cancellation of Major Smith's circular on corporal punishment. In speaking on the subject, Mr H. Lang- tree, of Wangaratta, expressed the opinion that if the circular were allowed to remain in operation, the whole discipline -«f the schools would soon be destroyed. It was unanimously resolved to forward copies of the resolutions adopted by the con ference to the Education Commission and the boards of advice throughout the. colony. Diminution of Common.— The Doma Mungi Agricultural Area Farmers' Com- mon, proclaimed by Order of 18th October, 1869, and increased by Order of 20th June, 1870, is about to be diminished by deducting therefrom fifteen acres, more or . less, of land in the parish of Norong, being the portion lying between the 19th section blocks of G. and T. Woollett. Licenses not Granted. — John Rapsey, 180a, Wagra ; Geo. Mahommet, 320a, Kergunyah ; Patk. Naughton, 160a, Dan- dongadale ; Patk. Naughton, 112a, Dan- dongadale ; Sydney W. Jephcott, 20a, Tintaldra ; Wm. G. Baumgarten, 36r lr 28p, Barnawartha ; Richard Parry, 40a, Beorhaman ; Camille Reau, 70a, Carlyle ; James Robinson, 320a, Cudgewa ; Wm. J. Mcintosh, 200a, Dorchap ; Peter Win.. Grant, 195a, Bungil ; Emily J. Garing, 195a, Bungil ; Norman R. Jarvis, 320a,- Cudgewa ; Elizabeth Kinchington, 100a,' Yackandandah. The Argus Expedition to New Guinea. — Captain Armit, the leader of the exploring expedition despatched to New Guinea by the " Argus," arrived at Port Moresby on the 10th inst. Mr Goldie, the well-known naturalist, who has returned from New Guinea, , and reached Thursday Island on the 14th inat., reports that Captain Armit, with his party, ar rived at Port Moresby on the 10th inst., all well. Professor Denton, the American geologist, accompanied him. Post-Officks. — A post-office has been opened at Peechelba proper, and the name of the office hitherto so called has been change t to Bundalong South. The post- office at Larpent has been closed. Land Excepted. — The following land has been withheld from sale, leasing, and licensing, and excepted from occupation for residence or business under any miner's right or business license. — 52 acres, more or less, couuty »f Benambra, parish of Granya : Commencing at the south-east angle of Martin Queripel's 19th section block, No. 7586; bounded thence by a line bearing , south-easterly to the north east angle of Jas. Campbell's 49th block ; thence by the last-mentioned block, bear ing west to the north-west angle thereof ; thence by a line bearing N. 34, 40 W. to the south boundary of Martin Queripel's block aforesaid ; and thence by that block bearing east to the point of commence ment. 