1/ oinqj I /w»M>/j>ii» tcr 0 I JiftmtMiiililiiftMliil'lM.lii.'iHiiiiliililiiUiIJi Ulllill UP THE WAIKATO. By Atha. Chapter Y. Continued. Cautiously retracing ray steps 1 made my way round the garden fence to an opening leading to the back part of the premises. I could not help noticing that the house was large, one story high, solidly built of stone, with a broad verandah stretching round three sides, the rear wall being open to the orchard, and thence to the creek. I had managed to reach within a dozen paces of the back door, when a huge dog leapt forth at me to the. utmost stretch of his chain. I cannot tell what possessed me at the moment, but I walked boldly up to the brute, who ceased his noise in an instant, arid began to sniff round me. I saw he was a grand specimen of the Newfoundland breed, black in color, and almost as large as a mule. No doubt my temerity saved me from his fangs. A Maori or a thief would have run for it. Perchance the dog was the more astonished of the twain. He quietly permitted me to go from him, and stood watching me as I tried first the door, then the window, to gain admittance. Groimr further round to an angle of the building where there had recently been added an additional room, I discovered that the small window therein yielded to my hand. It was what is known as a, cottage winnow, and very uui a-itei luuiai tituu- lation I managed to squeeze my body through it, and found myself in a room dark as Hades. I carefully groped about me, not wishing to give any needless alarm. I could distinctly hear some one snor ing soundly, the noise being a good imitation of the lower notes of a French horn. Guided by the sound I laid my hand on a plump form slumbering peacefully on a stump bedstead. I shook the slumberer somewhat roughly. In an instant the snoring ceased, giving place to a girl's voice, that called out in accents of alarm, but with an unmistakable Northern patois — 'What the deel's that ?' ' Hush ! my girl. It's only ' ' Wha are ve?' she cried, sitting bolt upright, and stretching forth her arms. f Is it a ghaist that touched me ? The Lord save us and bless us ; it's no canny to be haunted,' she muttered, in a lower key, and with trembling lips. ' I'm not a ghost,' I returned, in a reassuring tone. ' Have you matches and candle handy t 1 Matches ? What gars ye speak of matches. Talc yersel awa.' If my life had been at stake I could not have held in the hcatty guffaw that came out of me like a rifle crack at the tone of her voice and words. ' Ah, it's a poor gate when one meets auld Cloutie,' she cried, beginning to sob. £ Blessed saints, save me frae the unco wain.' My laughter rang out again, and the Newfoundland commenced to bark. ' My good woman, don't you hear that I'm only a man — a being of flesh and blood like yourself,' I answered, giving her another shake. £ A man!' she ejaculated, in quite another tone of voice. £ How dare ye come into a decent lassie's room at this time o' niclit ? How dare ye do it ?' £ Listen to me for a moment.' £ I'll no listen to sich a foul carlie,' she responded, quickly. £ Shame on ye, mon, to come sneaking tae one's room when a' the rest o' the house are sleeping.' £ Confound it, will you listen to me while I explain.' £ Gang awa wi ye the same way ye cam, or I'll rouse up the captain,' she cried sharply, raising her voice to a higher pitch. £ Come, march. Out ye go, through the window.' £ Which is Captain Hey wood's room ?' £ Which ? Ah, ye would be at murder, you villian ?' she answered, fumbling for the candlestick. £ My dear madam, believe me, I- ' ' Don't fash yoursel, mon, wi sweet words,' replied my invisible companion. £ Keep your blarney to cool your porridge. I'm no your dear madam, ye ugly loon, an not to be bamboozled by fair blather. Do you think I don't ken ye, Maister Davie Brock ? Altho ye are trying to change your voice I ken ye my lad, an what's more, I'll tell the cttptain what a false loon ye are if I live to see the morn, mind that.' / The welcome greeting of a match struck my ear as she concluded, and instantly the room was illumined. £ Why, ye'r no Davie after a',' she cried, gazing at my blood- stained face, and my tattered habiliments, in amazement. ' Certainly uot,' I replied, gravely. ' If you had only condescended to listen to me a moment I would have explained my being here at this hour.' £ Oh, you would, eh ! Well, what do ye want,' eye ing me suspiciously. £I have an important communication to make to "Captain He.ywood without delay.' 1 Gang to the hut o' the men yonder, an see the captain i' the morning,' she said. £ I must see him at once.' £ Ye must.' ' I must.' Aweel, then, gang and see him, an, I say, have the manners to close the window after you.' A brave, brawny wench this, with a round, fair face, bir honest eyes, and arms as strong and muscular as a village blacksmith, fit to go into the wilderness in co partnership with some young and hardy settler to hew out of the primitive chaos a home and a fortune for her progeny. I objected to make my exit through the window, and begged that she would awaken Captain Hey wood, as my information concerned the safety of the station. ' I cannot go to the master in my sark ,' she cried, in some confusion. £ Gang out at the window for just twa minutes, and then I'll be ready to do your bidding.' I was out of the window in a crack, and was shortly afterwards joined by my maid, who, without more ado, led me round to a side door and rang a bell. Presently a head was thrust forth (with an old-fashioned night cap thereon) from one of the windows. £ What's the matter !' called a voice, resembling the sharp grating of a hand saw on a nail. £ Here's a man wants to speak wi ye, sir. Particular business.' £ Tell the man to go to Jericho,' responded the voice, and the head and nightcap disappeared ; but in a moment a tall, thin figure emerged round the corner of the verandah, clad scantily, and bearing in his hand a candle. 1 suggested that the maid should retire, as what I had to say was quite confidential, whereupon the captain (for it was he) held the light above his head and took a critical survey of my tout ensemble. 1 I'll take your figure-head for your honesty, but as for the rest of you, damme, you seem to have experienced rough weather,' he said, coolly. 1 I'm an old sea dog, find not. to Iip hn.mhnrw.lpd hv linmbnO' Now. wllftt d'ye want ?' I told my errand in twenty words, but not before the girl had retired. £ Phew !' whistled the mariner. £ Is the wind in that quarter. Well, I'll contrive to give the dogs a warm reception when they do come. How many did you say there were?' 1 About fifty, Captain Heywood, as near as I could calculate.' £ Humph! rather long odds. Never mind, sir, come in.' I followed him through a pair of folding-doors into a well-carpeted and lofty apartment, furnished most luxuriously. By the soft light of a costly bronze lamp, which the captain lit, I saw that no vulgar taste had suggested the furniture and belongings of this apart ment. From the thick maroon curtains, to the soft, delicate tinted paper on the walls, there was exquisite harmony, blended with artistic design. Nothing loud or showy, cheek by jowl, with rare brie a brae iiere. I have known people with more money than taste make a furniture mart of their homes. Others, again, who had abundant taste, and very little money, have managed to make home comfortable, and even elegant. In this apartment there was wealth and elegance com bined, and the effect was charming. The captain, who appeared a hardy son of Neptune, verging upon fifty-five, and with a jolly good-humoured face, bade me be seated, and requested me to give him a detailed account of what I had seen and heard. Not satisfied with this, I had to give a personal account of myself as to how I became benighted in the Manaku Hills on the Waikato. The request seemed reasonable, and I gratified him, just touching so much of my adventure as merged into the question at issue. £ And so your name is Frank Leigh,' he said. £ Yes ; here is my card.' £ Card,' he echoed, in surprise. Do you carry cards ?' £ Certainly, Captain Heywood.' 1 Of Course. No offence, my lad.' 1 Leigh — Leigh,' he repeated to himself. £ Leigh. I know that name well enough. What part of the old country do you hail from ?' £ A little township called Tetley, in Lincolnshire,' I replied, smiling; £ The devil !' cried the captain, starting suddenly to his feet. 1 No, sir, I said Tetley,' cried I, laughing. £ So you did, my lad. Why, damme, I was born within three miles of it,' ejaculated the old fellow, with much energy. £ 1 knew a Colonel Leigh who lost an arm at the battle of Waterloo. He lived in an old tumbled-down ruin called the ££ Pillars," about half a mile out of Tetley.' £ The Colonel was my grandfather, Captain Heywood. I was born — like my father before me — at the " Pillars." ' £ You don't say so 1 Give me your fin, boy. Damme, I'm glad -to meet you,' he cried, with genuine pleasure beaming in his eyes. £ Lord love you, I've stolen many a ton of apples out of the old Colonel's garden when I wasVi younker. And what a terror he was to gipsies and tramps, and the like, with his one arm and his thick cane, a&d; his big rough voice Why, I remember him as well as if I'd only left the old country yesterday, and I've been on the Waikato these twenty years.' Once started on the topic of his birthplace, the captain ynt on for over an hour with rapid questions relative to men and events which had passed into oblivion before I was born. It was useless for me to remind him of the pressing danger which hung over Fun ClivV, Not until the grey dawn began to peep in at the win lows did he desist. Then he kindly led me to a spare bedroom, and placing a decent suit of tweed at my disposal, begged me to make his house my home or run away out of the threatened danger — as I pleased. Chapter VI. My Bohemian life had almost obliterated the latent ideas of luxurr and comfort from tny thoughts. The sight of a well-furnished apartment, with all its cosy appendages to soothe the heart and mind and invite sleep were before my eyes. In my boyhood days just such another room was mine at the £ Pillars,' of which the captain had spoken. Here were the soft carpet, in color to match the close, thick curtains that shut out the cold winds and the blackness of night. Here the easy chair, and slippers, and the inviting bed, with its coverlid of thick white satin, its soft cambric sheets, and the dainty pillows bordered with costly lace. Even in my fatigued state of body, and with my mind full of the danger looming over the captain's domicile — my thoughts ran riot in wanton liberty of range. India, China, the Continent of Europe, and back to the old ruin of Colonel Leigh, in Lincolnshire. Waking up from my reverie, my gaze encountered a face looking down at me from the opposite wall. It was only a photograph, or crayon, depicting the head and bust of a young girl ; but the picture seemed endowed with living breathing life. I have seen faces on canvas that words cannot describe. So, on the moving panorama of walking humanity that pass across one's vision, have I beheld faces which an artist could not pourtray. The countenance before me was not strictly beautiful. There are certain £ beauty women ' as there are certain £ beauty men,' in whose features one detects no fault — who are the show figures of any party or assembly in which they appear — bnt who somehow in- spire no sentiment, ana excite no interest ; tney lacit some expression, whether of mind, or of soul, or of heart, without which the most beautiful face is but a lovely picture. Yet the picture here reversed this order of things. Take the features singly, and they were by no means perfect, nor were they set off by any brilliancy of coloring. But the face aroused and impressed the imagination with a belief in the purity and loveliness of virgin woman — woman untempted and untainted, either by the follies or the vices of that mystery called society. The glossy raven hair, coiled up in a simple luxuriant knob behind the small ears, together with the pale, olive complexion, were certainly not English ; but the dark blue lustrous eyes, shaded by long lashes, the expressive mouth, most womanly in its sweetness, and the smooth, white brow, where unmistakable characteristics of the Anglo-Saxon race. The luxury of a bath somewhat compensated for my want of rest. I felt invigorated, and ready again for any emergency. It was broad daylight now. I drew aside the curtains, opened the window, and looked forth. A bright, beautiful morning, with the sun just beginning to gild the topmost peak of Mount Tarrara far away on the distant horizon. Below, the rich valley, prolific with life and beauty. As my gaze wandered over the distant ranges, I became aware of an object slowly moving along between the trees. Waiting and watching, I saw it was a body of men — armed men — Maoris, in fact. My first thought suggested Te Huri ; but, no, as they approached nearer I recognised Rewi, and my companions of the previous day's hunt. The young chieftain marched at the head of his men, and near him a Pakeha, whom I had never seen in my life before. While I stood watching their approach Captain Hey wood entered, armed to the teeth. £ Good morning,' he cried. £ Bless me, you look more ship-shape now. I see you have recognised the Kingites approaching. It's all right, there will be no scrimmage after all.' £ How did you find means to communicate with Rewi, Captain?' I asked, in surprise. ££ All chance, my lad,' he replied, seating himself. Chance does more for us betimes than the best laid scheme. My overseer, a shrewd fellow, who knows his way about the Waikato as well as most men hereabouts, volunteered to go to the Settlement of the King for aid. He proposed taking a short cut over the range, which has evidently led him into the arms of Rewi and his hunting party, who, 1 see, are returning with him.' £ Then the Te Huri will not show fight.' £ Not a bit of it,' he answered, ' laughing. £ The Maori banditti are too careful to hazard a fight with any thing like equal numbers. It is only the defenceless whom they have the temerity to attack; but, by Jupiter, they would have found Ralph Heywood a match for some of them, damme.' At the captain's suggestion I went with him to meet the warriors. Rewi expressed herself delighted to find me safe and well. Mine host, without more ado, marched the whole brigade to a large shed, and having ordered breakfast for them, conducted me round the premises. I began to feci very hungry ere we had gone the round of the stables, the grainery, the. orchard, men's huts, and conservatory of plants, &c.;, by which the place was fringed. I I have a few friends staying with me at present in the house, to whom I shall be happy to introduce you,f my lad,' he said, linking his arm in mine, and leading the way to the breakfast parlor. £ In my experience I always found it bad policy to get up a scare without urgent necessity. Now, 1 acted on this plan in the present instance ; therefore there are seven or eight people you will meet in a few minutes who haven't the faintest idea how near they were to a bullet or a Maori tomahawk.' ' You acted wisely, sir.' ' Of course,' answered he, drily. ' Now, to give you an idea of the folks you will meet ; first, there's my girl Nix.' ' That's the Maid ?' 'Maid! No, my daughter. I call her ' Nix ' be cause when she was a wee toddler she could never pro nounce Inez (which, by-the-way' is her name), but only Nix. Next on. the list is a neighbor of mine, a widow, fair, fat, and forty, and who is the sole mistress of one of the best estates this side of Auckland. You will no doubt find Mrs. Blake a very attractive woman ; but, your ear, boy, beware of her, that's all. No. 3 is the Rev. Josiah Buckle, the finest athlete in New Zea land, but a grand man for a' that. If you are any hand at single stick you may make him your sworn friend in half an hour. The fourth personage is Major Ball, of the Auckland Rifles. The gallant Major is a gentle man, or he thinks he is, which is all the same. He sports an eye-glass, and lisps like my Lord Dundreary. Then there is Professor Sideman, a famous phrenologist, travelling in search of the missing link, which he trusts to discover amongst the Waikato tribes of the Maoris, or perchance somewhat nearer home. Seventh, Dame Trent, my housekeeper ; and last, but by 110 means least, old Victor Dupless, my girl's preceptor, a French man of the old school, and I may add, an oddity in his way.' My host had hardly finished his terse description of his guests ere I was standing face to face with them. The formal introduction over, we sat down to a good substantial repast, and the conversation became general. I could not but admire the clever manner in which Captain Heywood had put before my mental vision a rough, but true outline of the people around me. While the professor and the parson fought a colloquial duel over the respective merits of Mesmer and Joan Sperz- heim, I had ample opportunity to take a survey of the company present. The parson, Major Ball, the widow, and Dame Trent were ordinary people. Nothing be yond what one may meet with in any country house from January to December ; but there was something in the manner and countenances of Inez Heywood, the old French tutor, and Professor Sidiman that were neither ordinary nor commonplace. Victor Dupless, straight and erect as a soldier on parade, with not a crease or wrinkle in the man from head to heel ; hair white, and the frank, open face deeply furrowed, with a scar right across the brow. A soldier, an old soldier, under the first Napoleon, you would say, looking at the up right form ; but scan the face closely, and you would conclude that the old French emigrant was something more than that. Professor Sidiman possessed a physique that a prize fighter might have envied. The man's eyes were so full of animal magnetism that you felt irresistibly drawn his way, save by the exertion of a mighty effort of will. Sitting opposite to him, with his gaze full upon yours, you saw his eyes sparkle and flash from grey to black, and from black to grey, while also his face changed color in the evident determined will to conquer you. Else the man was only common clay ; not handsome by any means, with a cruel, sensual mouth, which a thick, black moustache tried in vain to hide. Turning to the daughter of the mariner, I found a fac simile of the picture I had seen, save that the figure was tall, and graceful beyond expression. If that name less something in the fair face of the portrait dwelt on my memory, how much more clearly it became imprinted gazing and conversing with the original. I could never quite comprehend how we three — that is Dupless, Inez Heywood, and myself, became tete-a-tete over that morn ing's meal. Perhaps it was because we were seated near each other, while a gap intervened between us and the rest, who seemed deeply interested in the war of words going on between the parson and his antagonist. The old Frenchman, who spoke our language fluently, and much better than many natives of my acquaintance, had opened the conversation, the subject, poetry. I had read considerably for a young man ; but, following the :old tutor's lead, I soon found myself out of my depth. Ah, how his face glowed as he settled into that charming chit-chat so fascinating in a well-read and accomplished man. From Tasso's great Gerusa- lemme to Dante's Inferno , he went with rapid, but un erring criticisms, just illumining so much of the subtle light and shade of these giant works to give them piquancy. From the Fr.ench school he drew out Corneille and pitted him against Shakespeare. Under the masterly wand of the latter, he pointed out how cruel fate appears, so cruel, indeed, that the deity be hind her is lost to sight. He compared Corneille's Polyzeucte with Hamlet , to point out this difference. In the first an equal calamity befalls the good ; but in their calamity they are blessed. The death of the Martyr is the triumph of his creed ; but in the English tragedy, when Hamlet , Ophelia, and Polonius are confounded in death with the fratricidal king, we do not see what good end is achieved. The images fasten on our memory, yet they suggest terrible problems to which they give us no solution. It needed not any keen observance to discover how ondly the old foreigner loved his pupil. Nor could one help observing what deference Inez paid him, even in the smallest trifles of everyday life. My host broke in upon the charm of the Padre's con versation, and led me away for a pull on the river. ' What do you think of old Dupless ?' he asked, when we were barely afloat, and running down with the lazy current. ' Think of him ? He is one of the grandest fellows I ever ' ' There, that will do,' cried the captain, laughing. ' I suppose he has already began to interest you with his metempsychosis.' ' His what ? Captain Heywood.' ' Well, perhaps I didn't pronounce the word properly. It s a devil of a word for a seaman to get his tongue round,' he answered, with a comical expression. ' What I mean is, did he propound to you the doctrine of the transmigration of souls ?' ' No ; certainly not.' ' Then he will, depend upon it,' cried my companion, in a more grave tone. " Dupless has a mania for abstract speculation.' ' Pray, captain, who is this clever old Frenchman ?' I asked, with interest. Captain Heywood rested his chin on his hand for some time in a meditative mood ere he answered. ' I know very little of Victor Dupless,' he said, at length, and in a low tone. ' I believe he was an officer of the Guard, and served under Napoleon in Egypt. Close upon twenty years ago this man came to ray place yonder, and craved a night's shelter. It was a terrible time for mi, inasmuch as a heavy calamity had fallen upon my poor home. My brave wife lay dead — died in giving birth to Inez. Somehow this poor tramp com forted me in my trouble, and when he would have de parted, I bade him stay. Strange it is, boy, but no less true, that since my bonnie girl first opened her eyes upon this wondrous world, old Dupless has never been twenty. four hours absent from her side. Through all the mysterious and various ailments of babyhood, none could soothe and hush her into quiet like Dupless. When she grew a girl, and I would have sent her to school, the old man pleaded that he might teach her himself. I had ample proof that he was a scholar of no mean order, and also that he was a first-class musician ; therefore I let him have his way. The result is that Nix knows more than many finished ladies who have gone through the usual courses of training ; and as for her abilities as a musician, you shall judge of those by-and- bye.' ' Pardon my curiosity, captain, but has Miss Hey wood had no other tutor but this old Frenchman ?' ' None whatever, my lad, except Dame Burton, and all she could teach in the way of accomplishment was harmless.' ' Has your daughter spent the whole of her life here in the Waikato Ranges?' I asked, presently. The mariner stroked his grey head and laughed at the question. ' Nay,' he said. ' Inez has done the grand tour of the Continent of Europe. Three years ago I held com mand of a fine ocean steamship, and took Nix, her tutor, with Dame Burton as chaperon, to Naples. My poor dead wife was an Italian, and her relations expressed a wish to see Inez ; hence the trip. I left them in Italy, from whence they proceeded to Rome, then on to Switzerland, and through Prance, and joined my ship at Plymouth, after a twelve-months' holiday.' ' And Dupless returned with you to New Zealand, captain ?' ' Aye ! Nix and Dupless are inseparable.' Chapter VII. I had been the guest of Captain Heywood for several weeks ere an opportunity was afforded me of judging the musical capabilities of his daughter. I by no means plumed myself that I was competent to judge either a vocal or instrumental performance of the old Frenchman's pupil. Nevertheless, I had heard some of the most famous Stars in the operatic world, and most of the first instrumentalists of the day, hence I felt I had some ground to set up an opinion of my own. Tin re was something in the manner of the old tutor that perplexed me. For the first few days of my sojourn at Fern Cliff he appeared very gracious and fiiendly towards me. From early morn to dewy eve Victor Dupless exerted himself to amuse and interest me in the various local scenes surrounding the station. Inez Heywood was always one of the party, and I must confess that I was surprised at the breadth and depth of her information on topics that usually do not cotne within the scope of even well educated young ladies. Suddenly, however, and without any apparent cause, the old man became stiff and constrained in his manner towards me, and finally avoided me altogether. I was at a loss to comprehend such conduct, save that perchance Miss Heywood and myself had become quite friendly in a grave sort of way, which had probably given the old tutor cause for pique. Be that as it may, Victor Dupless shunned me, and, in so doing, deprived me of the society of his pupil. One evening while Captain Heywood's guests were in dulging in a game of whist after dinner, I having nothing better to occupy my time, sauntered away to the captain's library in search of a book. By some blundering in the dimly-lighted corridor, I entered — not the library — but another and a larger apartment, where sat Dame Trent and Inez Heywood. The girl was seated before a grand piano, occupying a recess in the wall, with her white and shapely fingers resting on the keyboard of the instrument, and her face towards the housekeeper. I was about to withdraw with the usual apology, when Dame Trent said — ' Come in, Mr. Leigh. Here are only Inez and my self having a little gossip. If you don't mind such dull company we shall be very glad to have you join us for half an hour.' /' ' Dear Mrs. Trent, don't let me intrude. I ' ' Pooh, Sir,' she cried, with an arch look over her gold spectncles. ' Don't be so ungallant as to refuse a lady. Take this chair beside me. There — you look quite comfortable. Now, tell us all about your fishing excursion yesterday.' Hitherto I bad thought myself a philosopher, and a man of the world, impregnable as it were, against all timidity and bashfulness ; but I felt my pulse throb quicker, and a strange sensation of pain shoot through my heart, as I glanced shyly at the upturned face of Inez Heywood. In spite of the new sensation, prevading me for the first time in my life, I could not help noticing how fresh, and fair, and pure she looked in her simple evening toilet. There was about her an air of dignified innocence, well according w.tli the ideal of chaste girlhood. All about her there was a charm, apart from,, her mere beauty. Love of harmony and repugnance to contest were characteristics you might have read in her face. Looking at her, you would never have said, ' What a handsome woman!' but, 'What a lovely girl.' What long dark eyelashes, what soft, tender, dark, blue eyes ; now that she looks up and smiles, what a bewitching smile it is ; by what sudden play of rippling dimples the smile is enlivened and redoubled. And there is one feature I. notice above the rest. In a showy, beautiful woman it is seldom noticed. It is the ear. How delicately it is formed in Inez — none of that heaviness of lobe which is a sure sign of sluggish intellect and coarse, perceptions. Hers is the artist's ear. Then the hands how beautifully shaped — not doll-like hands by any means, but the firm and nervous hands, betokening an impulsive character, combined with an exquisite generous, and refined nature. We began to talk. The poor, ill-used, brow-beaten, threadbare weather afforded us a topic, until Inez, turn ing to me, asked in a low, hesitating tone — 'Are you fond of music?' Fond of music ? Aye ! passionately fond of it. If there is one thing above another in tiiis cold, prosaic world which can lift a man for a brief space into the higher fairy land, it is music. What creature that hath a soul who would not seek escape from the stony thoroughfare of life betimes, and enter into Elysium ? Music ! Run thy fingers over the keys, and lo ! para dise glides on thy sight. Hark to the warbling of birds, and the song of the stream ; hear it meandering low and calm as it glides by the level marge of smooth banks ; now sighing through the stir of the reeds ; now babbling with a joyful lullaby. 0, Music! heaven -born art thou! Thou art twin-born with Genius and Art, and linking faith, hope, and charity in thy golden girdle. To what depths and recesses of the heart and soul canst thou not reach ? Speaking a language understood, yet untranslatable. History, knowledge, science, stop on the threshold of thy mysterious world. Not an inch of that shadowy kingdom can they penetrate without the aid of the ideal. Hail to thee, music ! All hail I bowed an assent, and the pupil of Dupless seated herself at the instrument and began to play. Ah, me ! Who shall gauge or describe the flow of sympathy and passion introduced into that brief per formance. Playing ! Nay, it was more than the mere brilliancy of execution. It was the science of music and had that charm about it which fascinates both the connoisseur and the uninitiated. ' What would society say to that if it could but hear it?' cried the old housekeeper, with an appreciative nod, and drawing her chair nearer to me. ' You are a musician, Mr. Leigh, and can therefore understand an artist's playing.' ' I ought to say "yes," ' I replied, in the same low tone in which the old lady bad spoken ; ' yet I doubt if that yes would be an honest one. In some moods music ailects me deeply, in other moods not at all, Sometimes a concert bores me shamefully, and oftimes 1 have been wearied by an opera. Does 'my frankness revolt you Miss Heywood ?' ' ' On the contrary. I sometimes doubt, especially of late, if 1. am fond of music myself,' she replied, quietly and carelessly fingering the keys of the piano. My shot was a random one, but her answer surprised me. ' Miss Heywood, pardon me, it is impossible that you can dislike music. Genius can never be untrue to itself and must love that in which it excels.' ' ' Genius is a divine word, and not to be applied to an araateui, she answered, with a tinge of sadness in her tone. ' Nay, lady ; nothing beneath the charm of true art can 'communicate joy to the soul of listeners so un cultured as my humble self. Composers may write, but we look for the interpreter to give expression to the harmonies. And to what remote corners of the mind, overgrown with worldly cobwebs, does those harmonies penetrate and brighten up ? How incomplete the grand nature of man would be if you struck out of his reason the comprehension of poetry, music, and religion. To the aid and elevation of the former and the latter comes in music, for there has never existed a religion in the world which has not demanded music as its ally. Do you understand what I wish to express ?' ' Yejs, clearly,' she replied, looking at me with her luminous eyes, while a rich glow mantled her face. ' It is fcfr you, who say you do not love music, to chide me. How much better you understand it than I did till this ng>ment.' j 'Then, lady, you are forbidden to undervalue your glorious gift,' 1 replied, gaily. Dame Trent laughed, and rose from her seat. Mov ing across the room she took the girl's place at the piano, and began an air from the Lucia. 1 Come and sing, Inez,' she said. Miss Hey wood obeyed, giving me a shy glance as she moved towards the instrument. I was seated so that her back was towards me. I did not alter my position, inasmuch as I felt that I could judge more impartially of her singing if not subjected to the charm of her face. The first note of her voice held me spell- bound ; in itself the organ was of the rarest order, mellow and rich, but so soft that its power was lost in its sweetness, ard so exquisitely fresh in every note. Yet the singer's charm, as in her playing, was less in voice than in feel ing — she conveyed to the listener so much more than was said by the words, or even implied by the music. Her song in this caught the art of the painter who im presses the mind with the consciousness of a something which the eye cannot detect on the canvas. She seemed to breathe out from the depths of her soul the intense pathos of the original romance, so far exceed ing that of the opera, the human tenderness, the mystic terror of a tragic love tale more solemn in its sweetness than that of Verona When her voice died away the spell was still so power fully upon me that I could not even utter a murmur of applause. Inez bashfully turned to steal a glance — a little modest glance of surprise at me, as I rose abruptly and walked to the window. 1 Do you still doubt if you are fond of music ?' cried Dame Trent, with a triumphant glance my way. ' I could not be a sceptic to that kind of music,' I answered, finding voice at length. ' I do not think, Miss Heywood, that your friends have flattered you when they said you were a musician,' I added, turning towards her. ' Nor do I flatter in repeating it. To be transported out of the matter-of-fact world into fairyland is a journey I have not often indulged in.' ' You mean that I hold the wand of the enchanter,' she answered, with a laugh. 'Aye !' ' Yet,' said Inez, in a grave tone, ' Dear old Pere (Dupless) used to tell me that beside the real world lies the ideal. The real world then seemed rough to me, and he taught me how to escape from the stoney thoroughfare into the green fields beyond its formal environs. I am a genius, you say ; it' so, it was born of the patience and care of my good old tutor. I am what he has made me, nothing more.' ' Perhaps so, Miss Heywood, but the motive power is usually within one's self. We apply the word "genius " to the minds of the gifted few, yet m all of us there is genius that is inborn, a pervading something which- distinguishes our very identity, and dictates to the con science that which we are best fitted to do and to be. In so dictating it compels our choice of life. My life has hitherto been on the stony thoroughfare — yours in the green fields.' 'Well answered, young man,' cried a voice, and turn ing I beheld Dupless. He came slowly into the room, and took a chair beside me, then continued — ' You cannot combine romance and art with the practical and the prosaic ; sooner shall fire and water join. Can the realist and the idealist blend together and hold together till death, and beyond death ? If not, can there exist true sympathy between them ?' The metaphor was somewhat foreign to the point at which our previous conversation had flowed ; yet it was sufficiently apt to shed a gleam upon the meaning of the speaker. I had the key to his altered manner towards myself in that one terse sentence. ' Then the worldling should avoid the artist, Mon- seiur Dupless ?' ' Aye ! Search the pages of your Immortal Poet, and you will there learn that the deepest hell into which you can place the aspiring votary of art is to bind him down to the sober regions of the practical. To your dull money-getter, the poet, the preacher, the philoso pher appeal in vain. To him the conceptions of the grandest masters of music are incomprehensible. Bee thoven unlocks no portal in lieaven for him. Am I understood, young sir ?' ' Aye I truly, Monseiur Dupless.' His meaning, though obscure to the ladies, was plain enough to me. it couia not nave been plainer 11 ne nau saia, joeware, sir, how you presume to look upon my pupil. There is a gulf — a deep, impassable gulf, between you which you may never pass.' ' Ah, sir, you would prohibit the votary, practical though he be, from worshipping at the shrine of art.' He turned his look sternly upon me, and answered, 'You mistake, mon cher. Worship if you will, adore if you will ; there let it end. Come Mimo Garo, let me hear you sing.' Inez moved to the piano, and presently there rang out in the full compass of her grand voice Mendelssohn's glorious quartette, ' I Waited for the Lord.' Then there came a pause, a pause which lasted until the splendour of the ' Curjus Animam ' swelled forth in a jubilee of triumph. I sat enthralled under the spell of it all, and scarcely knew what answer I made to Dame Trent, who began to tease me with her tattle. Once or twice I caught the jealous gaze of Dupless fixed upon me wifch a quiet dis dain, which roused me to a state of rebellion and in subordination. In this humor I knit myself together to please his pupil, and was so far successful that the old man retreated discomfited, and left me master of the field. Bed time came, and Inez held out her hand to wish me good night. ' What a strange ring,' I said, as I noticed a diamond circlet of the form of an asp on one of her slender fingers. She held it up so that I might examine it. ' This is a gilt from Pere,' she said. ' It is an old Egyptian relic. Some day I will tell you a strange story con nected with it. Good night !' I returned to my room, drew a chair to the window, and lit my pipe. This same pipe had helped me through many a problem in the past, had often appeased hunger, and soothed me in many a lonely hour. Dear old pipe ! What quaint times hast thou and I spent together ! What watches of the still night, when the busy world slept ! Thou art my wisest and best adviser, and thou dost not betray my confidence. The faces of dear old friend 8 have passed in long array before us, and the musing of many a day dream are imprinted on thy dark frontispiece. Thou hast endured much for my sake, dear old pipe! Thou hast passed through fire and water for me. Thy breath is ever fragrant. When the brain runs riot it comes laughing and curling up ward in ambrosial clouds. What shapes have I seen spring from thy sapphire curls, forms of beauty ascend ing with their scarfs blown into arches as they rose with floating drapery in thin air. Mountains crowned with blue mist, with winding paths that seemed to lead into the clouds, valleys deep and purple, ocean depths, which no eye but our own looked down into, where the huge sea-snake curled and moved in its watery cave, and looked as if its folds would girdle a world. There, this chapter has ended in smoke. Allons. Chapter YIII. We have the verification of that trite adage, ' that truth is stranger than fiction,' under our eyes every day we live. There could not have been a more apt illus tration of it than was to be found in the person of Victor Dupless. One fixed principle pervaded the man, and that principle was a firm and rooted belief in the doctrine of the passage of the immortal soul from one body into another, until the gradual purification of the spiritual essence bad been accomplished. .Pious and reflecting men have thought that many reasons were to be found for a belief in the transmigra tion of the soul ; but the old French exile strode boldly out of the beaten track, and showed that this strange dogma had been the religion of the ancient people of India for ages. From the various races of the Hindoo's it passed into the faith of the Egyptians, and from thence into the philosophy of old Pythagoras, who fovmorl if. rnota<mv\&'itn1inGG fphannen rv-P en I'll \ Tt. woe really refreshing to listen and behold a host of the great lettered kings of the past, the old tutor arrayed in its cause. Pinden and Plato, of the Greeks, Cicero and Virgil, of the Romans, believed and taught its tenets in the temples. He showed how it existed amongst the ancient Italians, the Celtic Druids, the Scythians, amongst the heathen nations of Eastern Asia, the Cau casian tribes, and even amongst the American savages and the African negroes. Once started on this, his favorite theme, the quiet, mild-looking Pere became an intellectual giant, whose learning and eloquence bore down all opposition in debate. With such a guide and councillor as Dupless, no wonder Inez Heywood had grown into womanhood with peculiar lights and shade in her character, and with a firm belief in the transmigration of the soul. If anything was wanting to convince me of her thorough earnestness in the above belief, the missing link was supplied in her narration of that 6tory con nected with the asp ring. As I cannot pretend to con vey with my pen the expression of terror, pathos, joy, and gloom, that played alternately across the fair face of the captain's daughter during her narration, I will give the story after my own fashion. Twelve months previous to that trip to Europe, of which Captain Heywood had made mention, Victor Dupless received a small iron casket from France. Not a single soul at Fern Cliff had any idea of its contents, for the old Frenchman was very reticent with reference to anything concerning his past life. One morning, however, Inez, wondering why he had not been down to l-irnn lrfno+. efnlfi t,n Hir rnnm nn t.in-tnfi. and snrnrised him -w -r r bending over this same mysterious iron box. He was so occupied with its contents that the girl approached and peeped over his shoulder ere he was aware of her presence. Suddenly he turned with a fierce sacre upon his lip, but, seeing only his pupil, the expression gave way to a smile. ' What is it, Mio ?' he said, quickly closing the lid of his treasure, but, in so doing, a ring rolled upon the carpet. ' Oh, Pere , what a lovely ring !' cried Inez, taking it up and holding it to the light. ' Where did this come from ?" ' From the box, Ma cher ,' answered the tutor, quietly watching her. ' It is beautiful,' she cried. ' And, see, it fits my third finger as if it had been made for it.' ' Perhaps it has been made for it, my child,' responded Dupless, gravely. ' Nay, this ring is of antique workmanship ; it must be hundreds of years old.' ' Very likely, Mio.' ' Where did you get it Pere V she asked. The old man's brow contracted ominously, and he began to tremble visibly, as with some strong emotion, as he looked at the trinket. The design was common enough, a serpent, wound into a coil, with its head slightly erect. There was, however, it appeared to Inez, a peculiar glitter in the emerald scales, and a strange glow in the diamond eyes, which seemed to . watch her as she turned it about. She had to repeat her question ere Dupless answered. ' Bah I No matter,' he said, in a oold tone. ' It is a family relic.' ' Do tell me all about it, dear, good Pere,' coaxed the lady. The old exile rose quickly to his feet, and catching his pupil by the arm said, hurriedly, 1 Listen, Inez. There is a legend attached to that armlet. One Bernice, the fa write, and the most beautiful maiden at the court of Queen Cleopatra, wore that ring. From Bernice it descended to a noble Egyptian lady, bearing the same name, and a daughter of the same hou«e from which sprung the. handmaiden of the celebrated Egyptian Queen.' Looking on her with eyes ablaze with the religious fervour within him, Dupless recounted how the soul of the beautiful Bernice, who had watched Cleopatra die beneath the venom of the asp ten thousand years ago, had winged its passage down through the stages of human life to that of one Bernice — a noble Egyptian lady whom he had wooed and won while in Egypt under Napoleon. On the banks of the Nile this lady died. Yet, be fore she breathed her last, she told her soldier husband that another Bernice would be born to him — born to him in a foreign land, and in another hemisphere. And so, through the great mystery the wondering spirit had taken up its earthly tenement in the fair temple of Inez Heywood, who had been surnamed Bernice by the exile. On a certain day the soul of the living Bernice would gaze upon the earthly temple whence it had emanated 20 centuries ago at the Court of Cleopatra. When that day came, it would find a ring upon the finger of the dead, the very counterpart of the one now before them, and which Inez would have to exchange for the original when the time came. Considering the philosophy imbibed by the pupil of Dupless, the words he uttered sank deeply into her mind. She was suffered to retain the ring, which she wore when she accompanied her father and the Frenchman to Europe. Amongst other places the party went to Dresden. On a summer's day they joined some friends going to visit the Museum of Antiquaries in that city. A certain Madam de Seldon, a tourist, chaperoned the visitors. Going through the Grabersaal, containing the mummies, the monuments, and the sarcophagi, with their ghastly inmates of ancient Egypt, Inez Heywood was seized with an unaccountable thrill, half terror, half pleasure, as these symbols of Egyptian burial met her gaze. From the ram-headed sphinxes, with the emblematic suns be twixt the horns, to the colossal porphyry, the lotus, and papyrus, the party passed on to a magnificent sarcophagus. It was of granite, and thickly covered, with painted hieroglyphics. These were deciphered as representing the dead, watched over by Anubis and Amente, and the inscription was a prayer to Anubis for a delightful burial, and repose for the Kingly Rechs, &c.; Just be yond, in a curtained alcove, on two pedestals of por phyry, was an ornate grave chamber of alabaster, and within lay a hideous, scathed mummy, weariug a ring the fac simile of the one given by Dupless to his pupil. Inez moved to the old man's side, and with trembling lips pointed to the relic, saying, ' Behold the ring of Bernice.' Dupless smiled, and whispered her to draw the ring from her finger, which she did at once, and her com panion, without attracting attention, drew near and laid it close to the one worn by the mummy. Then stepping back to his pupil, said — ' They are the exact counter parts, Ma cher.' In spite of the old man's teaching, Inez felt a thrill of superstitious wonder as Madame de Seldon descanted on the meaning of the hieroglyphics and has reliefs on the Alabaster burial chamber. ' The characters,' affirmed the lady, in stentorian tones, ' represent the embalmed remains of a beautiful maiden of the Court of Ptolemy Anletes. The first syllable of her name, you see, is represented by a basket (Bir) in an oval shield ; the other characters are, many of them, the same as those for the name Cleopatra, to wlirvm t.hprp in an allnsirm lnwpr rlnwn TTptipp f lw> maiden's mamo was Bernice, and her connection with the queenly daughter of Ptolemy was an intimate one.' Inez looked at Dupless with wide open, startled eyes. ' Ah,' he answered, in pathetic tones, ' the lovely maiden was grieved to death by the loss of her beloved Queen, and so they invested her with this sacred emblem of the asp.' While the remainder of the party moved forward at the heels of Madame de Seldon, Dupless paused by the side of his pupil. ' The time has come,' he said, sternly. ' The ring you have is but a counterpart of the true one encircling the finger of yonder mummy.' ' I understand,' she answered, her face whitening with terror. ' You have often told me, dear Pere, that I am this Bernice, therefore I can wear no other ring but hers. I will exchange the rings.' ' Bono 1 my brave child,' he cried. ' Fear nothing. I will join the group yonder, and leave you to the task. If you cannot accomplish it at once, abide until those fools have departed, then will I return and take you safely hence.' For some time after the departure of Dupless, Inez felt her courage fall to zero. The mere idea of touch ing the hideously-shrivelled beauty was now horribly re pugnant to her. Yet, firm belief in the duty before her was so strong that it quite overcame this emotion. It was but the work of a moment to lift the blackened parchment-like fingers and draw off the bauble she coveted. But as she hurriedly tried to restore the other ring, she was suddenly startled by the slamming ol a distant door. The echoes resounding about the arched galleries made her spring to her feet in nervous trepida tion. Both the rings slipped from her grasp, and fall ing to the floor, vanished together into a remote corner. The sound she had hoard warned her that her friends were leaving the Museum. Nevertheless she resisted the impulse to fly in pursuit. She remembered the parting words of her tutor, and thereby recovered fresh courage to carry out the task. Stooping down she groped about for the rings. By this time the evening shades were gathering ; therefore, in that shadowy alcove the sense of touch was only left to guide her. When she had recovered the trinkets, she could not for the life of her say which was hers, and which the mummy's. With a hap-hazard guess she slipped one upon the dead finger, and thrust the other upon her own. But as the circlet grasped the flesh she felt, a sharp stinging sensation. The pain was so sharp that she .looked "for the cause, and was surprised to perceive that the serpent's head, usually erect, was bont down towards the finger. Moreover, the mouth was slightly open, while a slender-pointed tongue protruded, and pressed against the delicate cuticle beneath. A pain simultaneously crept up her arm. (To be continued.) 