THE CANON'S WA&D-;* By James Payn, Author op " By Proxy " " High Spirits." " Thickerthan Water," &c.; Chapter XVIII, a terrible errand. The instant that Sophy found herself alone she flew to the bell which summoned her waiting-maid " Jeannette, come here, I want you!" she cned, in a hoarse whisper. You know what has happened, of course." " Yes, indeed, miss: it's mi awful thing to have chanced to anybody. I can't say I'm so Borry as I should wish to be; but I dare say, notwithstanding all that's come and gone, you feel it; one's husband is one's hus band." — " Hush, hush, I am not safe yet, Jenny." "Good heavens!" The waiting maid turned pale as ashes; one wouldhave almost thought she anticipated what her mistress was going to say. " No, not safe. When poor Herbert left me at the mill, this afternoon, he informed me it was his fixed intention to write to his father and tell him all." " Oh, indeed I" Jeannette strove to throw some interest into her tone, but the words fell fiat. It would have been plain to anyone not rapt in other matters that the girl had expected a much more serious com munication. " Do you not see," continued Sophy, im patiently, "that such a letter would be as ruinous to me as though he had told the canon?" "It would have been if it had been written; but the poor young gentleman never got home to write it" " He did, he did," answered Sophy, with intense excitement " Henny tells me that what took place happened this evening, nut this afternoon. He went out on the water a second time, and in the toeafiwhile that letter may have been written." " Let us hope for the best, miss ; perhaps it was not written." "I have had enough of hope and fear," replied Sophy, wildly. "On, Jeannette, help me, now, and I shall never forget it." " I will do anything in the world for you, dear mistress. But what can I do! If the letter's gone " " But it has not gone," 'pat in Sophy, eagerly. "It may have been written, but it could not have been in rime for the post If it was written at all, it will still be lying in poor Herbert's room. JeBnnette, yon must get that letter." ■ " Ob, Siss Sophy, but'I cannot, and I dare ■not" A - picture had presented! itself to her coarse bnt ready imagination, from which she shrank with horror, albeit she was a bold girL ■ "Yet Jeanette, you have done more than this for foe," pleaded her mistress, "and with a willing mini Yon have done wrong for my sake, even though you disapproved of it, and you cannot disapprove of this. If the letter gets to its destination my secret is out It will be almost as bad for me as it seemed to have been yesterday." "Nay, it will not be so bad as that, miss." In saying those words there was no in tention in Jeannette's mind to minimise the Calamity of which her young mistress stood in fear, and thereby excuse herself from the task suggested to her; she spoke them with extreme naturalness and naivete; nothing in her opinion could be so bad, or nearly so bad,1 as the future that had so lately seemed to ' Eresent itself to her young mistress—the eing mated with Herbert Perry for life. "Atall events, it 'trill' be a terrible mis fortune," pleaded Sophy; "it trill lose me my aunt's affection,'Una my guardian's re gard ; my name will become a byword; I could never survive it. On the other hand, if Si will but do me this great service, the 11 shall ever ask of you that may not be known to the whole world, nothing need be revealed : all will be well with me as it was before Think, oh think of that" " I do think of it, miss ; it seems too good I to be true^ don't it! To get out of such a i hole as' this without even "the trace Of mud about you." " You speak as if I had disgraced myself, jeannette," exclaimed Sophy, vehemently. "How dare you!" , " Oh, I don't mean npthing disagreeable, |fiss Sophy. ■ You were manned safe ehough, Jrorseduak to it Andthanks be to goodness on are a widow." ' " But the letter, Jeannette," moaned her young mistress; " the letter. I've thought of a plan to get possession of it" " Independent1 of me, I hope, nfiss; least ways, I oouldn't go Into his room to eet it. that'* flat" ■ - ■' . * Tbo right o! republishing "ttbe Oaooat Wa tofagurehwd by the proprietors It will not be where yon think it is," said popby, ghaetJy paJe. and speaking in hashed , it will be in his sitting-room, on his writing-table, near the window. You know his landlady, Mrs. Aylett." I / •. -t8' I know her; to be sore, we can get at it through her. Perhaps for a ten-pound note she may be induced to let us have the «vr'a hold her tongue." No, no. What / another one to share my swaet, mid to keep me under her thumb for life! You must be mad to think of it We must give her money, of course, but not as a bribe, how listen to me. It is a shocking thing, but it must be done. You must take these flowers—you must say they came from my Aunt Maria, or even from myself; there will be no harm m that." What, to put them on him ! No, miss. I couldn t do it not to save my life. I always feared him, but I fear him now ten thou sand tunes as much. Not if you gave me a hundred pounds I couldn't do it" No one wants you to doit," said Sophy SK??41*' 9iv?..theP to Mrs- Aylett; site will do it; and while she is about it, you will be left alone m the sitting- room. While you have the chance, lose not a moment; the letter wdl be m the desk or in the blotting pad, if it has been written at all." Very good, miss; for your sake I will do JPy 1 WH1 go to Green-street the very nrst tiling to-morrow morning." ' To-night! to-night!" exclaimed her mis tress, wringing her little hands. "To morrow it will be too late. To-day, nothing will be touched; it always is so when there is to be an inquest" Sophy's reading of sensational novels had not been labour lost in this case. I'd Bather lose my thimble finger, Miss Good Jeannette, dear Jeannette, you are the best of friends; think how I shall count the moments till you come back again," Then Sophy took the flowers, and, not withstanding the need for haste, with neat handed skill and taste arranged them, and gave them to her maid; for woman's fingers are not as those of men, but will deftly work wfien the heart is sick with sorrow and heavy with trouble, and devise things of beauty for the tomb as if they were for the altar. For a few minutes after Jeannette's de parture her young mistress sat sick at heart and already tremulous with expectation o'i her return ; then suddenly she rose, and went to her desk. It had for the first time occurred to her that therein also lay the proof of her clandestine relations with the dead man which, though, indeed, they did not hint of marriage, were significant enough of the attection that had once existed between them. She had not hitherto destroyed them, partly because her husband, if he was bent on dis closure, stood in no need of them to prove his case; and partly, perhaps, from woman's vanity. Though the man hiul been dead to her, and fear had usurped love's place long before he.had met his death, he had been her tover once. Here were protestations of pas sions, pleas for haste, and assurances of eternal affection, some true, some false, but all breathing an incense which had at one tamebeen verygrateful to her. They had none of them passed through the post-dor in those days he had been very cautious—hnt had been conveyed to her by his own hand, under cir cumstances wherein confidential speech had been impossible. As they had met, or parted balls, ,°f during some morning call, the hand, which was now oold and thrust them into her too willing If such evidence as tips had escaped her attention, might there not be other- such in existence which could one day be brought to * sfr4: consideration, she felt con fident that such was not the case. Gifts he had had from her; but such as he might have received, mid probably had reoeivecL from other giris (a reflection that gays' her comfort rather than pain), but no letters.. She had never been so reckless as to write to him, either before or since their mnrrj.y>» The witnesses of that ceremony, mere officials in one of the city churches, and Jeannette her self, were the only repositories of her secret. If Herbert had not put his threat of writing to his father into effect, or if that letter could be secured, she would be safe. But would it be secured ? It was ten o'clock when Jeannette had departed on her errand, and the sudden Bound of the quarter, brought upon the wings of the north wind from some college clock, bad but just died away. How terrible was this time of waiting!. Books, to which she had hitherto been indebted when alone for many hotirs of fbrgetfulneas and comparative ease, had now no power to en chain herattentaon; .her eyes, ber ears, hor every sense ({hough, die knew that atteast an pony must elapse before hex messenger's re tum)wete t>n the Wjateh- ■ ' , The letters of the dead man were in her hand, and she was about to put them into tfie empty grate, previous to setting fire to them, when a sudden impulse—or the attrac tion of repulsion—prompted her to read them. She sat down and took them out one by one from the mdiarubber band that held them to to Aeir inverse order a&-to date. There were one or two written «^amfge',> appototing time and place Tor theircjandestine meetings; but even these werenot free from reproaches and expressions of disappointment, as well as W«|^{»^ven titers, " I give you frit steining, he wrote, that I am getting tired of .tins hide-and-Beek emBtence." There were relerexjcea of & disrespectful kind to her gu&r;* aian, and then there came an opinion, bluntly enough expressed, that she might "play her cards m such a manner ae to " get on the be side ofW^dnop^.^^ithout muchmirt "It was au very well lor j— ; av wbobh ru/ VTVUlVi: OCT." he said, toenjew herself at balls andpartiea, just as though she were her own miatreML and " condescend " to see him whan she: had ' a mind; but it was notao pl«yaut to My, ft worried bydun% ;i schodboy, and wasprettywell dSwSiinodljta P^ an end to it wi wat hfejilT The. eanon migbt handsome allowance just at fixsVl*>n>*l>*i but he (Herbert) wanted to be his own master. In reply, apparently, to some re monstrance of hers, where she reminded him of his solemn promise to keep matters secret until she came of age. be hinted that "all things were fair 'lies included, in lore or war. " Harsh letters these—cruel letters, w hich she burned one by one, with set lips and a frowning brow. Presently she came against one written on the eve of their secret, marriage. This was couched in very different | terms—it breathed not only affection, bnt I promises of eternal love ana fidelity. The ] paper trembled in her hand as Sophy read it. He had procured, he said "aspecial lisense," and fulfilled the legal conditions by living in the same parish for so many days. She re marked how at the time she had smiled over bis bad spelling, and resolved to undertake the task of improving him in this particular. He had then seemed ready enough to submit himself to her wishes: to sit at her feet, and generally to be graded by her in social and domestic matters. But instead of a pupil she had found him to be a master: obstinate ot temper, intolerant of the least interference or suggestion, impracticable, churlish, vain. Still. remembering what he hart been. or naa seemed to be, she destroyed this memento with a sigh. There remained the letters of the lover. In them was no trace of ill- humour—all was sun shine with no shadow. lie had seemed to be like some young Greek god stooping from the clouds to woo her, and not only to woo but to worship. When she had first read those fervent words admiration and devotion, she had felt herself more than mortal, though, in fact, she had been only too human. What promises, what protestations, what passion '. It is not necessary to spell correctly to use the language of love with eloquence. Kven now, when it was all falsified, and those vows had been proved to be but dicer's oaths, it carried her away with tt. For a moment, as she read, the past re turned to her. Once more she was a young girl, without experience of the world, full of tender dreams: the man of her choice had declared himself : he was the handsomest of created beings, and one of the best, though fas is always the case' there was a want of appreciation of him in some quarters. It was only, however, necessary to know him (as did; to love him. What a future had seemed to lay before her, At the remembrance of all these things Sophy's heart melted within her, and she buret into tears—not because the man we knew was dead, but another man, whom, to aay truth, no one but herself had known, and because all the hopes and joys of her life had perished with him. As she sat with bowed bead over the grey, ghostly ashes of these letters. Jeannette came softly into the room. Her face was deadly pale, and her head moved from side to side, but not in negation * it was only that trembling motion which, when their nerves are highly wought, some women, otherwise self-possessed, are unable to repress. '• You have found it?" cried Sophy, starting to her feet. " Yes, I have found it And when you have done thanking Heaven, Miss Sophy (for her mistress had broken out into the most pas sionate expressions of devotional gratitude), you may consider a little what / have gone through to get it There it is. It was ter rible to have to hold it in my hand; but it is what you wanted, I hope." " Yes. yes," murmured Sophy, gazing at the letter, the envelope of which was unfastened, with eager, heated eyes. " This is his father's address. I have no doubt it is what I wanted; but would you mind making sore, Jeannette ? I—I hardly like to read it" It was not the notion of infringing a private right ' since she had, indeed, become pos sessed of the thing by so doing) that caused her to feel this scruple; but a certain tender ness for the dead man himself, which, now j that all danger was over, began for the first time to stir within her. She did not wish to have any new cause of dislike or dread against him, such as the contents of his missive were almost sure to prove. "Bead it?" exclaimed Jeannette. "I wouldn't read it if you gave me fifty ponnd. Is it not enough that you made me Meal it with him lying dead and cold—there, there, I didn't mean to cast it up against you, Miss Sophy," put in the gin, frightened at her mistress's look of horror; " it was not quite so bad as you are thinking, after all." There was silence between the two women for a moment or two. /; ' "Would you mind telling me all that h'ap-l penedf said Sophy, gently. . ; !l Did she mind • Asif the one real guerdc_ of audi an enterprise had not been the tight" mid privilege of narrating it As if the sole, thought which had lately buOyed her up in a; sea of superstitious tenor had not been die; reflection that she Would hereafter pose; before an audience {limited though ifcmttst1 needs to be one person)as the heroine 'of'a' melodrama} :' 7 7 She told her story with s solemn- face ndd '■ in a gruesome tone, which, as she flattered' herself, enhanced its horror. " I let myseltout quietly,, Miss Sophy, by J the back door, 'and hurried down the street.? to do your bidding.' It seemed to me as, if j everyone I met must needs know whatl was; bent upon, and nobody can fell the shiversi that seized, hold upon me as I nested. my , journey's end. ~ When J got to the house in Green-street the blinds were down;: and J somehow that reminded me so of what lay within it. that you might have knocked. me . down witha feather. However, I rangthebelL w^ich was answered by Mrs. Aylett herself. Perhaps she found it company, poot woman,' to attend fo the door; ana, anyway, She, seemedverypleasedtoseeme. $hetold mehow ; how it all happened, of course, add how he ; had been brought np on a stretcher, with his beautiful face covered .up,- whidh giye her such A turn, die Said, as she thonght she should''never get over to her dying day.! Thfere was nobody had bfeen to see him, :1 though pianyhadjCalledto hearlf'tbe 'ji£wb, werettue; Si^ Mr. Mavors, thfe ttttor, had, ! jnM 'bftew and Semtied mghfoned; Almost to death; ' though Stheye Was riOthing niOw ''to1 frighted anybody, ahe saia/fojrh^odk«a)'sS' Ssfe'^l^uldnft afWtn tfcad /brutighFisouie flowbfa'^m7 of u-Sttdintnekning toneihakitaimpstYaade7 lylhMitstopT^wtt f®dsth,ofanfipajg«aHa! ■6nticJn,t^thAt vtwpwwtt-yw '■ dh&foif; £, ^ ibafdurift. htftft' was not only kind and tender, bet a deal better plan, she said, titan putting tnem on a coffin—wreaths thai might ha recast a guinea or more perhaps—only to be boried in the damp cold earth, and to be or use to noboiy; she would take care that those should be put upon his breast above the coverlet, where his dead eres might rest upon "etn.— Don't re <37, Miss Sopor; don't re cry5 it's better tor you as matters are, and b^ttvylmay be, for him for it's my beirel he would never, never haveoame to anycood had he lived to the age of Metfausaleh.—Then, calling-to my mind my errand, I said that it wrur yofr wish that I should hear winaess to- the flowers being placed where you would hare -them, only that I dared not ventureTliitothe rooth ; and Mrs. Aylett, saying that could easily be contrived, beckoned me to follow" stairs. Now. as yon remember, mips, - poor Mr. Perry's rooms communicate wi throne another by folding doors, bat they ia a step or two between them, so that one cannot pass from one to another in a moment." Sophy bowed her had and trembled. She remembered it very welL " Then when Mm. Aylett left me in the sitting-room i lost not 3n instant, out ran straightway to his writing-table, as you had enjoined on me, and the very first thing I saw, leaning up against the upp?r portion of the desk, as if waiting to be posted, was that letter, directed to his father. I thrust it in my pocket in a flash, and was ready for the landlady when she came out, close by the folding door, with the money you had given me for her. She took it, though not very willingly, saying that she did not need a pre sent for doing what was nothing but a plea sure to her. though a sad one: and then I came home with my heart bearing pit-a-pat. with the letter in my bosom, feeling like lead."" Sophy rose with grateful looks and kissed the girl " Until you brought this to me, Jeannette." she said, " nvj heart was lead. Though this sad matter is now over, and all belonging to it"—here she put the closed letter into the flame of the candle, and held it till it was utterly destroyed—" I shall never forget the service you have done for me— never, never; but we will talk of that to morrow. It is getting late, and you most be tired enough after all you have gone through."' "Very good, Miss Sophy," returned the other, lingering at the door; "are you sure you would not like me to sleep in your room to-night ?" "No, thank you, Jeannette," answered her mistress simply, so buried in her own thoughts that she could not perceive what could be plainly read in Jeannette's frightened face, that the waiting maid was Baying two words for herself and one for her mistress. How diverse and opposite, within the space of a few moments, are the emo tions of the human soul! How sudden are its changes from apprehension to self-com placency, and bow, in a flash (like the ten thousand faces on a racecourse), its outlook on existence alters from dark to light. Left once more by herself. Sophy seemed a different being from that watcher in the night of a few seconds ago. A weight had been removed from her, Hie absence of which gave an un utterable sense of relief: she felt a new creature, blessed beyond all hope or expecta tion ; and yet, unhappy girl, she dared not thank God for it. She was confident that all was now secure; that her old life was over and done away with, and that a new one was about to dawn, in which, taught by by bitter experience, she would avoid all quick sands. Whereas, alas ! it was only one chapter of the old life that had closed. "There is no Red Sea in which by any incantation known to man the Ghost of Folly and Falsehood can be laid at rest. 