Chapter YII,—The K"ew Kitty. Gregory Dorward and John Woodhatch. walked Bide by aide along the platform and into the general waiting-room of the Great Northern Railway. Greg asking no more ! questions, caring for no more answers,-wait ! ing now for results as the better and clearer I way of arriving at the facts. When they were in the waiting-room, John Woodhatch said, "Here she is," and Greg looked around eagerly, scanning quickly > every face in the big room, and seeing no one like her. "It's all a sell—ain't it?" he asked of his j new master. I There were some, ten or twelve persons in the room; a clergyman, three farmers, four commercial gentlemen burdened with port manteaus, rugs, and all kinds of odd things strapped together; a husband, .wife, and baby—the husband nursing the baby, and the wife asleep; a horsey man in tight leg-. giDgs, and reading the Sportsman; two old ladies in spectacles, prim and angular, and in a state of suppressed excitement as regarded the next train, which was.to take them from the roar and bustle of the wicked city into their own peaceful village, five miles from anything with life in it ; and a tall girl neatly dressed in black, who was knitting some thing dexterously and swiftly as if ia ahurfy *to complete her task, oi' terribly alive to the value of time and the sin of wasting a minute of it. " It's.no sell, Grew," answered John Wood hatch," look again." . Greg took a second survey of the tall, girl, at the same moment as she looked up, .turned pale, reddened very much, and,then turned "white again. Presently—it seemed a long while to Greg, but it was only one minute pf \- time by the big clock in the waiting-room she started, and came towards them slowly, even timidly, -and with the face not brighten " ing, only betraying a painful interest, inhim, and staring at him as at a being whom it was also difficult to recognise. Neither hoy nor girl had takeninto account what changes four years-might have made in their lives, and in their outward and visible aspect; they were between twelve and thirteen years of age when the law had stepped be tween them and set them apart—now, Greg was a youth, for the present, smart and trim, and she, a few months older thantGreg, was "quite a young woman," and taUerthan he, by three inches at least. She had been growing—there was no mistake about that. Gosh! she bad done nothing else but.gr ow. if this was Kitty, .thought the waif. If it could really be Kitty—Kitty; " togged out," and not Kitty's , ghost,;and- with only a faint likeness of the old Kitty left, Hehad seen her last in Bolter's Rents—he and she, and the old man and her mother and four lodgers and one or two kids had been-'all -asleep together on-the second floor back of No. 121 when the police had called for him whilst the others "lay shivering with fright, and that was the last he had seen of her, raving and defiant and drunk. Yes, drunk as alord! he remembered it well, for he had supplied the drink—"drinks all round"—\ -having been in luck's way early fifet evening, .outside a photographer's shop in the Strand, where his mother had taken him to see the pictures, and the backs.of the gentlemen who. were looking at them, and who had pockets behind to weir coats, and. things in their pockets worth collecting. And by the aid and guidance of his mother he had been par ticularly lucky that evening until ii bad got very late and the police suddenly and rudely had called at Bolter's Rents and seized 'him. He was a very " queer kid" then smaller than his years warranted, and look ing unlikely to last more than a: year longer —hence a light sentence from the magistrate, and afterwards the reformatory .for four years as a wind-up, and a public outcry against the mother who had taught him theft as a " good business!" Pour yearsand some odd months ago—along life time to Greg shut away from the Rents, and this the end of it— or the beginning of something new and strange, and awful, And.thisKitty Vanch, grown out of all knowledge, and with shoes and stockings on, And a clean white face, and dressed " to rights," and with only two great hazel eyes to remind him of the ragged, street stained, wild cat who had beon fond of him. Didn't they call him, in Bolter's Rents " Kitty's bloke"—and yes, of course, he was. -and didn't it get into the papers. Why Barnaby told him all about it when he cama in, and what a row there was in print and what a lark they made of it, Duiydaue way, where'girls and blokes were plentiful, And Lord's truth, this was Kitty then! . \To1m continued.] 