A RELIGIOUS FANATIC. At the Mansion House on Monday, Geo. Campion was brought before Alderman Sir Thomas Owden, ;charged wilh maliciously disturbing the congregation at St.Paul s Cathedral on, Saturday teilibdn > la'si, and with wilfully breaking the ornaments on the communion table, the property of the Dean, and Cbapter. >r. Cannon Gregory deposed tbat on Saturday they hod just commenced singing the anthem^wHich would be about ba|f-paet 4 o'clock, when Jbe saw th.e prisoner racing up the choir as-hard-ab he could tun!- Witness instantly ran out of .bis stall, thinking the accused 'was a madman, who waB bent upon doing, some mipchief i&t; the east end of the church. He saw the .prisoner leaj) upon the commuhion cable, seize' the cross, which had been there for. some 12 or 15 years, and dash it down to th6 ground as hard as ne could. The prisoner l<hen dashed down one catidlefetick to his right hand and another to his left. He alsp began to throw down some vaees containing lowers. At that time several gentlemen bad reached the communion table. Upon tbe gentlemen reaching the communion table, the prisoner said: "I surrender, I surrender," and he then jumped'down' from ''the altier, And be^an crying " Protestants to the rescue," which made the witness afraid that there would be a panic in the cathedral. They did their best to stop the prisoner's cries, and they took him without violence into the aisle of the choir, sent for a policeman, and gave him in charge. It was asked that the case should be adjourned, as the prisoner had no one to defend him; but Campion said : " This was a question concerning the honor of God, and he preferred his help to that of any humaa being; he preferred rather to conduct nis own defence. A letter was 6eut to|him in his cell on Sunday, stating that his wife was almost heartbroken, and his little boy that day brought'him word in prison that 'she did not expect to recover. All that, of course, made him unable properly to conduct his case; but, at the same time, with the help of God, he would try to go on under those adverse circumstances." The prisoner asked several questions of Canon Gregory, in order to show that there were ritualistic ornaments placed on the " altar.', 1 , He (asserted he had been guilty of no offence, and the Alderman said, .to._ save him trouble, he would read the Act of Parliament; but the prisoner said he would like to go on with his defence without any interruption : " I feel that my .cause is the Lord's, and that I may safely trust all to his Almighty keeping. He has said: 'The time 6hail come when they shall deliver , yqu up to he.afflicted. See that ye :be not troubled, for all tlie'se things must -come to pass. For many shall come in my jiame^eaving, 'I am Christ.'"" Sir Thomas Owden said he had read that many years ago, and it was no use reading it again. The prisoner continuing : " ' And ye shall be brought before rulers and kings for my Bake. Then shall they lead you up and deliver you up; but take no thought beforehand what ye shall speak, neither do ye premeditate ; but whatsoever shall be given you in that hour speak ye, for it is not ye that speak, but the Holy Ghost. v; The prisoner continuing his defence iu much the same strain, Sir Thomas Owden said he could not allow him to go on with a parcel of nonsense: " You have uo right to go into a place of worship, whether Protestaut, liomau Catholic, Jewish, a u.eeting of tbfi> Salvation Army, or even a gathering of B'radlaughites, to interfere with them or disturb the proceedings." The prisoner: " As an Englishman, and a lover of my country and my God, I have a right to protest against popish and idolatrous ornaments being placed in a Protestant place of worship. (Applause.) That is my ground of defence, and if I am not allowed to state it, I must abide by your decision. Eitualism has ruined me, and is bringing destruction upon the country." 'The Alderman observed that what Ritualism aad to do with the prisoner in point of trade lie could not for a moment conceive. The prisoner said it had to do with him, as it had to do with us all, for Gpd made nations as •well'as individuals. The Alderman said he disliked Ritualism quite as much as the prisoner himself, but he would not go into a church where it was practised. He was in that court, however, to carry out the law, and he must do it. The prisoner: " When the Government refuses to stop idolatry it is necessary for some one to call public attention to the frightful evil prevailing. My whole defence is as to idolatry, and if I am not allowed to state it, I must leave the matter in your hands." Sir Thomas Owden ultimately fined the prisoner £5. " Gobged livers."—Bilious conditions, constipation, piles, dyspepsia, headache, cured by " Wells' May Ai)ple I'ilLs," ud. and Is. boxes at druggists, lloses, Moss ic Co., General Agents, for Australasia. 