MELBOURNE POPULAR CONCERTS. The usual Thursday afternoon popular con certs, under tho direction of Mr. T. H. Guenett, took placo yesterday In the Athen aeum Hall, being the fourth of the series. Two compositions by Mendelssohn and one by Beethoven comprised the instrumental portion of the programme, in the performance of which Herr Ma?; Vogricb, Messrs, Weston, P. Montague, Cope and Hart were engaged. Mendelssohn's Variations Serieuse3, ops. 54, for the pianoforte, is one of its compos r':> most important works for that instrument, aud ranks among the most celebrated specimens of the variation style of compo:ion. Out of seventeen variation., on an original air in D minor sixteen are in the same key, only one differing by being in the tOLic major. Each variation is more elaborate ZbU'A impassioned than tho preceding one, all the resources of the instrument being called into play, until the tenth is reached, which assuuics - fugr.l character. The eleventh has all tho : .c.rm and freshness of an entirely new melody, through iU modulations and .. eatment, but is discovered on analysis to be c.cs Jy related to the original theme. The fourteenth variation, adagio, in the key of D major, comes like a calm aud lovvlv sunset after a storm. The two last are in the bravura style, tho tempo increasing from allegro vivace to prestissimo, the climax being reached in a grand succession of chords aud arpeggios on a tonic pedal. Tho Varia tions Serieuses were composed at Leipaic in 1841. The rendering of this work was in every respect worthy of the reputation of Herr Vogrich. Tho trio by Beethoven for pianoforte and strings was that in D major op. 70, of which the second movement, " Largo assai ed espressivo," has received tho appella tion of " The Ghost," from its weird and mysterious character. This is tho first of two tric3 beariug the same out/ number, ;and was composed in 1S0S. Beethoven himself played this trio, shortly after he composed it, at the residence of the Countess Erdody, in Vienna, to whom it was dedicated. It was finely interpreted by Herr Vogrich and Messrs. Weston nnd Hart, who were thoroughly en rapport in their ren dering, each instrument being subordinated to the general effect. Miss Alice Kees gave two solos, Schubert's exquisite Ave Maria, with string quartet obliguto, and a song by Bee thoven, With a Painted Itibboo. In both the peculiar intellectual charm of Miss Bcos's singing was displayed, but in the Ave Maria her voice was so delicately clear and sympa thetic, her reading so full of refinement and genuine feeling as to evoke some thing liko enthusiasm, the applause being continued until she appeared again to acknowledge the compliment. The string quartette, by Mondelssohn, op. 12, which opened the concert, has been played so often in Melbourne, both at these concerts and else where, that it is familiar to concert goers. It is remarkable for its quaintly beautiful second movement, entitled Canzonetta, which is one of tho composer's most characteristic arid spontaneous inspirations. At the next concert Herr Hartung will be vocalist and Mr. Otto Lin len pianist. 