Sundays in Sydney. By Reflector. ST. MABY'S CATHOLIC CATHEDBAL. A sense of deep regret, akin to melanoholy, oppresses me in commencing this sketch. X had long delayed visiting St. Mary's Cathedral, intending to leave it. not the last, but almost the last place of wor BMp to which I would direct attention. On Saturday nig-iit, the 18th instant, however, the thought occurred to me that the next morning I would attend High Mass in that place and endeavour, if only feebly, to describe the 6ervice in all ite magnificence and all its splendour. I had heard and read of what lie late Archbishop Tauffhan had done towards raising the funds necessary to finish the edifice sufficiently to open it for service. Wien I entered the vast, but incompleted, Cathedral, and saw the Archbishop's throne at the east end, I naturally thought of that ent'rgetio prelate. I had seen him but twice, had never heard him speak but once (when he made a speech at the laying of a foundation-stone), and had never heard a sermon from him. But twice I had conierred with hifl brother, then the Rev. Dr. Herbert Vaughan, now Bishop of Salford, Jianchester, when I met him at the residence ut Archbishop (now Cardinal) Manning, in Baker si'.-out, London, where I was on business. On one of ' those occasions I eaw his father, Lieutenant-Colonel Y-iu'jfnan, for a moment. The present Bishop of Sa-1 ford was then Principal of St. Joseph's Missionary Co!1p£6 at Hendon, London. These reminisoenses occurred to me in the Cathedral on Sunday morning, tiie 19th; but little did I think that at that very moment tho sad, startling intelligence was on its way to Sydney, by telegraph, that tho Archbishop was then lying, in England, cold and life less. This is one of those solemn coincidences which startle a man and makes him feel how feeble, ? how slender is the thread on which the lives of men hang. Hence, as I said at the beginning, my sense of deep regret, akin to melancholy. But I pass oh. On entering St. Mary's, one must admire its noble proportions and great solidity.. The columns and arches are truly graceful, and the windows are full of beautiful trauery. The nave is majestic, and the eve travels up the two side aisles leading to two side cltars, with unalloyed satisfaction. Whenthe present temporary roof shall have given place to a high pitched permanent one, and the lofty arches been completed, and the present yellow-tinted glass in the numerous windows has made way for richly-coloured glass, crowded with figures of Scriptural characters, saints, and martyrs, casting upon column, floor, and c.irved capital, numerously-coloured devices. I can not imagine a nobler, a more expressive sacred edifice on this side of the equator, at least for.years to come, if at all. Ton pass round at the back of tho high aitar, and 6tiil you see another altar, before which, when High Mass was over, I saw taany persons devoutly kneelir-g. The Arch bishop's stately throne was the gift of a family named, I think, Mullens ; and at the back of it are painted the family arms of the Archbishop and an in scription. The brass ecreenes at the sides of the sanctuary are highly ornamental, and remind me of the brass ecclesiastical work of Hardman, of London and Birmingham. The high altar, which is elevated, and rer-ehed by broad step?, is of pure white, and all its accessories are magnificent ; though on tho Euro pean continent I have seen altars more sumptuous, though eoe-.c thai are far too gaudy, and covered *.vith tou much meretri cious ornamentation. When tiie priests, in their rich robes, were at the altar, a~d the acolytes and young attencanis in surplices leaving their scarlet cassocks visit')'-, were arrEup- ed, the most careless observer must L-ivo teen impressed by a service which, if not suited to the tastes 01 all, mast be said to have great dig:iity an-1 grandeur. It may not be known to some perscr.s thai before High Mass there comes the jIsjdit?!1? i.-v?, or spriniTiing the holy water, when the priests pri^s round, sprinkling the congregation, durii.g \rhich an anthem is s'-iv.g. Afperges me Bcvr.ine, kysfopo. et i'-.iiuiaf.or, £c ., or ' Sprinkle me with hyssop, O Lord. r.Vid I shall be cleansed : wash ire, and I ?Lali Tpe trhiter than snow.' Then come versicles. or little verses, and re epnn=cf. then c-:nes ttis Ordinary of the Mass, be g-i^i^nj: a-: the foot of the altar, by the priest — 'In w-.rr.ij:? Pxtris, ii Fiiii et Sjtiritvs' Sancti -.' or, ' in ti:c ::sne of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Koiy Ghost,' which is followed by the Antiphon, 'li^n-jlbo ad aliare Dei.' or, ' I will go unto the altar of God.' High Mass is a long service, and not to veary anyone, I shall not describe it further. I may remark that the organist, as I was told on in'iuirir:g l'r-ra a young gentleman in the choir, vraa Mr. BarikE, and I ccn truly say tJ-r.t. hariu? heard many celebrated organists, such as Dr. Wesley of Winchester, Dr. Monk of York, Dr. Stainur of St. Paul's, Dr. Bridges of 'Westminster Abbey, Mr. Hopsins of the Temple Church, London, ilr. Host of Liverpool, and some organists in Ger many (the land and cradle of great organists), Mr. Xi^nks is no mean musician. The music on Sunday the 19th was Mozart's 1st .Mass. It was grand and impressive. There was one voice which, in a solo he sanp, seemed to fill thecathedral. I was told afterwards on inquiry it was Mr. Hailewell's. The soprano voices were very effective. If sacred music be in tended to lift the heart above low and meaner things, if its mission be to win the mind and feelings from what we may some day come to regard as of little moment, there can be but very little doubt, indeed, that the High Mass music of the great masters, whose names are upon the lips of men, effects those objects with consummate power. A youngish priest entered the pulpit. His manner was composed. He gave outthe dates of certain festivals to be observed by the faith fuL He read the names of Beveral persons, the anniver saries of whose deaths were near, and besought the prayerE of the congregation for the repose of their si'TilF. He then began his sermon, a short outline of which I propose to give. At the cIobo of the service I ascertained that he was the Eev. Father M'Intvre. His manner was somewhat rapid, I thought a, little too rapid. A pause now and then is useful. It seems to be a stepping-stone to something else. It enables the listener to take a glance backward and get ready for another step in advance. The tert was the 10th to the 25th verses of the 5th chapter of the j-,pistle to the Galatians. The sermon was mainly p.cainfit drunkenness. When God (said Father M'Intyre) gave to man body and eoul, the soul was to love and honour God ; the body to be used to sup port himself. The flame of life must be kept alive ; food is necessary to support it. But when man goes beyond this, he goes to his own destruction. It is only man that goes to excess, which constitutes ruin ?to himself, ruin to body and soul, ruin to his wife, vjiA to his family. Take, as an example, the vice of deunkenness; it is a vice found in every section of society. He (Father M'Intyre) read a book once, the statistics of drunkenness, which showed Australia to be worse than any other country. His own short experience confirmed that. Go into the streets, or where men are bent on pleasure. Look at the drunkard — the confirmed drunkard — with eyes rolling; he leans against a post; he staggers against you; you look back to see whether he is in the gutter. You know he has given his life to drink. Morning and evening his thoughts are of drink. The sun has hardly shone in the morning, when you find he seeks for more drink. What sights you see in hotels and beer-shops. Listen to the profane songs. Look at the sights at all hours of the day. The drink to which the drunkard gives his mind, wastes his health and strength, and he becomes a disgrace to society. The more he drinks the more it increases his appetite for it. As a man once said, "Drink makes me drunk, and drunkenness makes me more, drunk." Two men, for example, start together in life and are equally prosperous, but one avoids drink and keeps in the path of honesty ; the other begins to drink, spends hie money in drink, and, when his money is gone, becomes dishonest. Drink ia the source of disease. As a role the drunkard doe*. not* cannot eat ; he muet have more drink. His limbs become weak ; hia eye heavy. Hi* hands tremble ao much that he is hardly abl« to hold them. Go to the drunkard's wretched home ; goto hospitals, whereas many lie with broken limbs through drink. Tha drunkard make himself wretched and others too. At night his wife sits watching for his coming, and he comes home to her with curses, and the curses be come blows, and that wife he promised to support and be a consolation to is made wretched. His aged parents, too, may even come in for a share of his blows, and that is the return for all their care and love of him. His best friends become ashamed of him. The man who gives himself uo to drink gives himself up almost to all sins; for drink is a source of sin— blasphemy, filthy jokes, licentuusness, and the like. A man does not become a drunkard all at once. He takes some, then more, and the habit becomes strong, and stronger, and so, step by step, the man siks almost imperceptibly to himself. Some men get drunk only occasioally, some once a week, some twice a week, some every day. Said the Rev. Father McIntyre if there are any present men who have given themselves to this temptation let them be warned in tme. Let them turn back. It requires only resolution; it requires but that small word "No" Let us take a lesson from the sad scenes in the streets and ... It we have ever indulged let us pledge we will indulge no more. Let us avoid si of every kind, every sin St Paul mentions, and encourage all these virtues St Paul speaks of in the Epistle for today. The Rev Father McIntyre's sermon, or lecture, was listened to with profound attention. Its simplicity, its sterling truth, its picturesqueness, all seemed to have effect upon the hearer. Making the sign of the cross, Fr McIntyre left the pulpit and returned to the altar, and then the remaining potion of the High Mass was proceeded with. Very soemn was the effect when three times the deep tone of one of the bells of the cathedral sounded through the air, over the park, over the city, over the harbour, as a signal that the mysterious act of consecration of the Holy Sacrament had been accomplished. My thoughts wentaway to those far off old german and Belgian Cathedrals where the like scenes and sounds became familiar to me in my short trips and walking tours out of ngland. The greater portion of the vast congregation remained kneeling until the procession of surpliced attendants and, acolytes, followed by the priests, preceded by the crucifix held aloft, and one attendant bearing the swinging censer, came down the altar steps and passed on to the sacristy. Then, slowly the congregation dispersed, leaving nave and aisles comparatively empty, and it, was then I availed myself of the opportunity to walk about the Cathedral. At every step there was something that was 'a secret source of pensive pleasure.' You mast not suppose that there is not much yet remaining towards completing the Cathedral. To me it appears there is a great deal more to be done to finish it than has been already done. But who will be Archbishop Vaughan 's successor? Who will with his zeal, elo quence, persistent energy and tact, put as it were the coping stone to a work which Archbishop Polding began, and he, who has so lately died, advanced in so marvellous a manner? These questions the future must answer. 