OVERL TUE BACK GATE. Ah l good day,'lMr. JMiggles, what pleasant weather.. Any news, el: Uoh, yes, plenty, Surely you do not. thinhlk that a whole week could go by without.nt y getting some. Goggins and I went nul tpluear tue band last Saturday night, you kinow its too cold to play outside now.. :r..-uoral is a smart maon, you would scarcely believe, Mrs. Miggles, how quick he can tell when any of the players go wrong. Did I hear about the clothie begging business, oh? Rather, and I was surprised, why bless ie,. I never thought that Mrs. Smuggina was so badly off, especially when she is payiing Lie per qluirter for her daughter who is learning to play the piano, truly,. Dirs. Migglcs, its a queer world, and one half does not knI w how the other half exists. Would you believe me, MrM. Miggles, they have found the ghost at last; it has lelt the "Standard" office, and fnay now be seen in the small hours of the tuorning pro. menading the verandahof a certain hotel, but if MIr. Ghost takes my advice hlie will leave off his little tricks, because I have heard that two or three young chaps have made it up to watch for lim, and if they catch hint at his nightly pranks, 1 pity him. Was I at church last Suit day, did you say ?. Yes, Mrs. Miggles, I man aged to get there in the morning, and I am sorry to say that directly the sermon. com meniced a youog nman who sat in the pew in front of tmle made hlilself comfortable and went. to sleep. It looked very bad, Mrs. Mliggles, and I was surprised because he is a young manu that does not keep late loura, but perhaps it was the fatigue caused by paraditg that neow pair of carpet slippers, or it might have been that. all interest was lost when he discovered that a certain youdng lady was not in church. If he takes nmy advice he will keep his eyes open in church for the future, for if I catch hiu again I'll. namle him.. Hav theo.brickeys gone away yet, did you say, Mrs. Miggles? Oh, yes;. they left oul the mornig after the grand ball, but Mr. Carison soon replaced them by two others. Sam knows theti well and says that otne of thloem was the leader of the Yea Temperance Band. But do you know, Mrs.. Goggeis, said Sam, with one of those knowing winks of his, "he never gets into. playlng humor until he has had a couple of soips." What were the Gobur Raceslike, clh Well, I did have some trouble to get to them. Goggins, as usual, did not think of it until the nmorning of the races, the result was that he could not get a conveyance of any sort, you know that John haligot the tilbury for his own private use, and I'm not sorry for I think that it is getting unsafe I know his better half thinks no to for she will not let the "Tiger" drive her dear John. Oh, dear no, she won't trust poor " buttons,'.' but prefers taking charge of the King of Eglintou Gap. herself,. Well, Mrs. Miggles, I was at my wits end, however, tI thought that I would have a look myself, and as luck would have it I met Mr. Cowie. And lie very kindly lent me his chariot and his horse. Danger. The drive was delightful. When we arrived at Yarck there was an awful row.about my telling of the female higwayman, but surely, Mlrs. Miiggles, a girl who is not ashamed to promenade the streets in male attire ought not to feel annoyed because a couple of old women have a chat over it. When we arrived on the course I. was very sorry to see so few from Alexandra. I ali sure the Goborites did- not deserve to be forgotten by their friends in Alexandra, you know, Mrs. Dtiggles, whenever we have races or ally sort of amusement here our Gobur friends always muster in great force.. Was the racing good, oh? You bet they were, why goodlr?ss, me there was twice as good racing as what weo had, better horses and better jockey... Gogginse tnd I were just passing the booth when Dirs. Iltllen sang out "come kere, Mrs. Goggins, I am sure yOU nmust Ie hungry,' we went n, and I can assure you everything was really tlrst-class, they seemcc d to have an innumerable supply of fovls and turkeye, and I can assure you, Mrs. Mliggles, I did justice to the good things set before me, After dining.we took a. walk round. They had a Cheap Jack; my word, he made me laugh at his wit. I think that he did a good business. Jack's persuasive powers were too much for Goggins, and he took two tickets one for himself and one for me, Gaggins drew a doll and I drew a cradle, " by jingo, growled Goggins, that's a bad onimen.. Come away, old wonun, no more of this." Who, were the winners, eh? Really, Mrs. igglese, it would take too long to tell you, but if you get the "Standard" you will find all the particulars in, it I expect. After the last race Goggins harnessed up " Danger" and drove into the township. Aren'nt you going to stay for the dance, frs. Goggins, cried out Fred. What dance, lir. Bullen, replied I.. Is thant all you know about it, Mrs. Goggins, I thought you know everything ; there Is one at my place, but if oou object to nix with the lower class of society, you can go over the way,, there is a select dance for the elite of the Gobur. More strife, Mlr. Bullen, answered I,. it's really a shame that people in a small township like this will not pull together ; however, I am sorry that I cannot, my baby is not very well,,and I have been away too long already. Goggins drove on, and we arrived safely at home after spending one of the most enjoyable outings which I have had for many aday. I heard that there was great speechifying at the settling up, and a few good eno sby Meyers. Shea, Rennie, and that jolly jockey, Dyer, but bless me,, you must be tired listeming to me,. Mrs. Miggles, so I will wish you good bye. lIRS. GOGGINS. LOn account of the lateness of the hour this article was received, we are reluctantly com Lplled to omit a considerable portion.---,. S.] 