PORTING NOTES. By " Newmarket." The weather on Barter Monday morning was beautifully fine, and allured a large gathering to foe \Vl11iaTnstowti racecourse, where a pleasant afternoon's sport might have Lpp" enioved bad it not been for foe rain setting in shortly after foe running of foe third race, and continuing for foe remainder of foe afternoon. It appears that, owing to a promise made to' the Williamstown Ttnmng Club some months ago by the late Commissioner of Railways (Mr. T. Rent), to cons tract a line aiming direct to foe racecourse, there was an im pression that the promised line had hwn completed, particularly as the train which left Spencer street at noon were announced to run direet to foe course, but the large number of visitors who journeyed by rail were disappointed to find that foe train halted on foe Geelong line, and the passengers were compelled to walk a distance of over a mile throogh paddocks in order to reaeh the course, and there was considerable grumbling thereat. However, when foe sport commenced, foe heavy-hearted ones soon regained their good humour. The meeting opened inauspiciGtisly for foe backers, who went for Eros to a man, foe cheenut going out a strong favourite at evens, while Yarree was not mentioned. Stormbird, who jumped very slovenly, led until reaching foe home turn,' when foe favourite and Merry Maid went up to him. At foe last hurdle, Eros landed on his head, and Yarree came up on the outside and won very easily, thus scoring a victory at her first attempt over hurdles. Haidee of the Hills was voted a good thing for foe Alton a Handicap, bat The Ghost came to foe rescue of the fielders, and won a good race ; though, hod Honora and the favourite kept their positions, and not allowed Kiiby to steal np on foe inside, Mr. Whittic gham's filly mart have wot. Kanoota overpowered his rider and went for a gallop on bis own account, which most have destroyed whatever chance he might have possessed of defeating foe favourite, Doctor, who won very easily. After fojg event foe rain came down in torrents, and little interest was taken in foe Galloway Stakes. Fremier only naa a lot of moderates to beat in foe Steeplechase, and he performed an easy task, comfortably, albeit be nearly came down when crossing onp of foe fences in front of the stand. Mr. Selman had another winning torn by Black Diamond disposing of bis opponents in foe Seaford Handicap, and the meeting, which was marred by foe combined influence of the weather and bad starting, terminated. The Victorian Trotting Clnb have issued fopir programme for Saturday, 14th April, which, in addition to foe Usual trotting races, foe Flying Stakes, of 50 sovs., for two-year-olds and upwards ; and the Handicap Hurdle Race, of 50 sovs. Entries to be made with foe secretary, at Kirk's Bazaar, on Mbn&ay;, 9fo April.- The Victoria | Amateur Turf dob are in the fipM for foe 21rt April, with a tempting bill of fare of five events, comprising foe Selling Hurdle Race, Glen Huntly Handicap, Steeplechase, and Armadale Handicap. The weights for the principal events of the Sale Turf Club were published on Saturday last, but I cannot understand what basis of calculation Mr. Vowiea went on when he placed Welcome Jack at foe head of the Sale Handicap with 9st 61b, and made him concede weight to such brilliant per. formers as The Plunger and Gudarz. The weights for the Hurdle Race and Steeple chase seem to be well apportioned, though I think that Chifney has a good chance of land- ing both events, the former with Cracksman, and foe Steeplechase with either Squire or A capital meeting was held at Beeehworth on Monday last under foe auspices of foe Beeehworth Amateur Bating (Bab. Encore opened foe ball by winning foe Trial Stakes, Castaway being seoond, add Lady Barb third. The Barter Handicap fell to Mary Grey, who dMfoted Tramp after a good uZ Barbells befog Hum. Eaefare won Fanners' Puree, Barbdle and Never Mind Her respectively filling the places. Grey followed up her success bjappropri4tm» foe Town Plate, Gretna beating Cliquot fof second place. Premier earned off the Amateur Handicap, and Trump won foe OooaoUfioa Stakes, foe meeting terminating with the Hack Baee, Enchantrees beating Tomtit and four others. The race-meeting btid at Onkapatisga, S.A., on Monday, was foil of sensational incidents. The sport commenced with the Hurdle Race, which fell to Freedom, Carring. ton being second, and Charcoal third. Dirk Hatheraiek landed the Maiden Plate. King of the Hills whs winning the Onkaparinga Cup in a cant®, when he fell, bringing Bar maid, Triplet, and Platinum down with him, the rider of foe latter having his leg broken by the miebap. The Steeplechase, which was won by Depriver, was a chapter of accidents, two horses breaking their necks. Platinum won the Railway Stakes after a dead with Land League, and Panther won the Members' Plate. Mr. L. L. Smith has announced his inten tion of selling all his racehorses and retiring from foe tori The " rose, green, and tartan" has always been a familiar banner on the turf, and I hope that the sporting doctor wiQ yet be induced to alter his determination, and cry, " No Surrender," " Melancholy Jacques !" Second ne, who was supposed to have per manently retired from foe turf, turned up recently at a country race meeting, in New South Wales, where he earned list lib and won the Welter Handicap. He, however, failed to get near the front in the Forced Handicap, on foe same day. Mr. Ciibborn held his annual autumn Bale of yearlings at Bandwick on Tuesday. There was only a moderate attendance, and the bidding was very tame, foe highest-priced tot being a brown eolt by Marihyrnoug from Milliner, who was knocked down for 225 guineas. A cheenut oolt by Goldsbrough from Princess Alice realised 200 guineas. The oheenut colt by Goldshroogh from Ladj Jettee brought 170 guineas. Another cheenut colt by the same sire was sold for 190 guineas, and a bay filly by Julian Avenel from Parachute went for 150 guineas. From New Zealand I learn that foe Great Autumn Handicap was run on Easter Mon day, and won by Welcome Jack, who carrried 8rt 41b ; Tasman (8rt 51b) was second, and Lady Emma (8st 91b) third. The time for foe mile and a half was 2min. SSsec, which is foe fastest ever done in New Zealand. Mr. S. Gardiner had the misfortune to lose foe thoroughbred stallion Tubal Cain, who died from rapture of the intestines a few days ago, at foe Bundoora Park stud. Total Cain was bred by foe late Mr. Gerrard, of South Australia, and was got by Tregeagk from Zillab, by Stockowner (imp.) from Omen, by Melbourne. Stockowner was by Stockwell from Ennui, the dam of Sannterer. Tregeagle was got by Wild Dayrell from Silver- hair, foe dam of Silvio, winner of tire English Derby, so that Mr. Gardiner's pet stallion, although not a great favourite with rating men, was of most aristocratic lineage. Total Cain was a young sire of great bone and substance, and dozing his career at the stud got Coriolanus, Prometheus, Torqutise, and others. The cause of the unfortunate accident is not positively known, but Mr. Graham Mitchell, who made the post-waorUvi examination, is of opinion that the horse strained himself in Ins efforts to get out of Me box to join some fillies who were excercising in the race etoee to the stables. It is rumoured that the American trot ting rtallions Startle and Ajax have been matched to trot mile heats, best three in five, for £100 a -aide. "Xrompator," of the Adelaide Obeerver, says 4 James Watson arrived from India last Sunday, after having been away about nine months with Mr. Wilson's horses. He had the good fortune to win some of the most valuable prizes on the Indian turf, with Jack, Sir Peter, and Salvage. Since the close of tire season, Mr. Wilson disposed of all his horses, and is now in England for a holiday. Watson tells me that Jack was the xnort useful horse he had, the old creamy doing foe stable real good service when be beat Palmecston. Sir Peter nearly died on foe voyage, and was never quite in India. The following are the amounts won at the late Hawkesbury Meeting ; — Hon. J. White, £490 ; Messrs. 8. W. Knight. £302 IDs. ; W. Keleo, £162 and bracelet; E. H. Weston, IQA. T Plilrt . Ttr , v« wicwait, 71 awilcwl! £114 ; T. Brown, £114 ; J. Cook, £90; J. Monaghas, £55 10b. ; M. Fexmelly, £30 ; A J. Sullivan, £20; J. Connell, £15; T. Lamand, £15; J. Garland, £10; W. Free man, £10; J. Pearce, £5 ; W. C. Rcyde, £5. Total, £1,6SS. Honesty, the winner of the 500 sovs. Parse at Elst&rawick; Park on Saturday, baa been sold to Mr. J. J. White for £1,000, and III Baidock has purchased Caatiopeto, who is destined for India. A recent cable massage stated thai a Mil to abolish pigeon shooting had passed the second reading in foe Hoase of Commons. The following paragraph fmm our files gives further information on the subject The Princess of Wales, according to the Lancet, has taken a step which is an honour to hex position and an example to those of her sex not arenrtomed to arrive at con clusions for themselves. She has declared I that she will attend no meeting where the recognised amusement is to shoot pigeons. Sensible and humane women did not, of i course, require to be told that these per- ffarmanoes are cruel and stupid, Alike uu- | feminine and unmanly. But, unfortunately, society" is not entirely composed of the rational and the kindly. It comprise numerous persons of both sexes who have long since surrendered such judgment as they ever possessed, and each feelings as they can afford to retain, into the keeping ol a dismal fetish Fashion. Upon d»w diss the decision of foe Princess of Wales will eocewtae the most powerful effort, and count less pigeons would, if they were better versed in fog art rt polite expression, thank her fo her ooaistdetate bcoewateiioe. Sir Thomas Rider hones, Guesswork, Fryingpan, Baseanio, Monsoon, and others, J returned to Sooth Australia on Toeedsy by the steamship Yirtorian, Mt. W fi. DakU) intends lio itnlQ eiurly in September and lake part in the V.R.O. Spring Meeting. Breeders and owners of yearlings must not forget that nominations for the Hawkesbury Claret Stakes will be doe on Thursday, 5th April, at the offices of the V.R.G., A J.G., or With the secretary of the H.R.C., Mri Guest. On Tuesday next, the acceptances and general entries for the Daylesford meeting, to be held on Wednesday, 4th April, are due with the seoretary. Encouraged by the success of Bundoora, Emir Bey, and Armourer in Maoriland, Mr. S. Gardiner has sent over another consign ment of blood stock to New Zealand. The lot comprises the following yearlings by Tubal Cain Ironsides, Metal, Deuce of Hearts, Cinoinnatus (full brother to Ooriolanue), Shells of the Ocean, Bank Lore and First Flight ; Princess and the two year-old colt Precious Stone, by King of the Ring from Topaz, and the stallions Chesterfield and Good Morning. The Bhip- meat was in charge of J. Tunstall, and all the horses were landed at Port Chalmers in excellent condition. The lot went on to ChriBtchuroh, where they will be offered at auction, and doubtless realise good prices. The brood mare Ella unfortunately had to be destroyed a few days ago. The mare had been turned out in a small paddock with a hack, while her colt foal, by Irish King, was beiag weaned, and received a severe kick on the off hind leg, which necessitated her being killed. Ella was an average performer on the turf, and, amongst her other victories, won the Hobart Cup and Handicap in 1875. She was a full siBter to the once famous Dagworth, and was got by Yattendon from Nutcut, so that her loss is a severe one to her owner, Mr. Reid, of Burwood. The Bacchus Marsh meeting will be decided on Thursday next, and although the fields are small, there should be some good fun. If Don Silvia is anything like himself, he should land the Hurdle Race, and next to him I like Pride. L'Africane or Buzza ought to win the Shire Handicap, and Hopetoun looks a good thing for the Flying Stakes. The Town Plate should go to L'Africane. Besides the events enumerated above, the programme contains the Maiden Plate and Selling Hack Race, entries for which are to be made on Wednesday. The Tallarook and Pine Lodge meetings will take place on Thursday. Q|Owners and trainers are reminded that the general entries for the Sale Turf Club Meet ing are due on Saturday next. The Newstead general entries require attention ou Friday next. Those who kept an eye on some of the fields at Williamstown on Monday could not help noticing some palpable cases of Johnny Armstrong, or, as it is now more euphoneously named, Woods's brake. However, as Mr. Vowles was present and kept his eye on the delinquents, I don't think they will profit much by their obvious attempts at shunting. The Ballarat sporting- men, who have always been a clannish folk, will fraternise on Friday next, when a one day's raoe-meeting will be decided at the Miners' racecourse, to weloome the return of Mr. B. Hepburn to Jhe colony, and bid farewell to Mr. M. Loughlin, who intends shortly to visit the old country. The ten jockeys who rode in the A.J.C. Champagne Stakes were each fined £5 for disobedience of the starter's orders. Roary, being more intractable than the rest, was suspended from riding during the remainder of the meeting. King of the Yale was scratched for the Sale Handicap directly the weights appeared, and his owner considers the colt has been harshly eated by the.handieapper. The term of disqualification nmposod upon Mr. F. Long has expired, and he is now anxious to obtain a few horses. % The sporting libel case, De Mestre v. Syme, oropped up again at the Supreme Court, in Banco, Thursday, before their Honours the Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Higinbotham, and Mr. Justice Williams. Mr. Box addressed the Court at considerable length in favor of a new trial being granted on the grounds of the verdict being against evidence and misdirec tion by Judge Williams. The Court reserved judgment. The news of Darebin's victory in the Sydney Cup on Wednesday last, under the heavy impost of 9 at 81b occasioned con siderable astonishment. At the outset the chances of the big son of the Peer were pro claimed by the touts to be worse than hopeless, and all sorts of brand new theories were pat forward to demonstrate the utter impossibility of so big a horse as Mr. F. F. Dakin's favourite ever getting to the end of a fast-run two miles. All thpse opinions have been ruthlessly shattered, and Darebin has shown himself to be one of the most brilliant horses in the land. Some praise is due to the Hon. E. K. Cox for the judgment he dis played when he gave 1,550 guineas for the big brown, and Mr. T. Lamond is to be complimented upon the condition in which he brought the winner to the pqst. Both Willeroo and Mistaken ran up to their private form, and it was only in the last few strides that Darebin managed to get his head in front, and thus received a well-deserved ovation. Sweet William, too, whose vacil lating position in the betting market a few days before the race caused his baokers to lose heart, although defeated, was close up. Darebin was bred by Mr. S. Gardiner, of Bundoora Bark, and was got by The Peer from Lurline, ao that the credit of breeding the winner can be claimed for Victoria. Ihe Progress sweep case was decided at the City Police-court yesterday, when the promoter, Adolph Behrens, alias G-. L. King, Was fined ten guineas, with' a like amount in Q08t8. Some startling disclosures were made at ffie Insolvency Court during the examination into the affairs of a son of the late Mr. George Petty, the whilom owner of the Maribyrnong tud. in the course of evidence it was elicited that young Petty had paid as much as 1,400 per cent, interest on borrowed money. ' The first electric railway in a mine has been £l>cned in the Royal Saxon collieries, nea aneherode. The London Engineer reports that it ig working excellently. The motor Ws about 1£ tons, and draws ten 10-ton ?Ucks at the rate of 30ft. per second. The nsmission of power is not effected by a centre Siit by a small contact carriage provided brushes, running upon £ shaped rails, are fixed, isolated, to the roof of the 