TERRIFIC CYCLONE IN AMERICA. A cyclone of unparalled violence passed over the southern part of the States, of which the following telegraphic particulars are given in the San Francisco papers : New Orleans, April 23. The Times Democrats Weston (Miss.) special says A frightful cyclone passed over Wesson and the town of Beauregard, a mile above, about 4 o'clock yesterday evening. The wind the past three days has been blowing a gale, and lowering clouds indicated its approach, which was known some minutes before by deep running sounds windows in dwellings shaking violently - and many thought it an earthquake. The thunder and lightning were terrific. Fences were torn down, trees uprooted and cast a 100yds. away. ( East of the railroad the damage was light, but in the west portion of the town the destruction was awful in its character. One peach orchard struck was lined with large number of houses in which the operatives of the Mississippi mills are domiciled. The greatest destruction occurred, and the groans of the wounded beneath the ruins were appalling. The dwellings at Atom's pine forest, just beyond, were blown out of existence. The work of removing the ; dead and extricating the wounded from the ruins soon began. Calvin Reed, living in the vicinity, died from excitement. It is estimated that the number killed is 12.- Two or three children are missing ; 12 to 20 dwelling Mere blown down. The number of people with broken limbs is estimated by the physicians at 75. The wounded were removed as fast as possible to houses which escaped injury. S A violent rain fell for more than an hour after the storm. The dead are all now laid out, and coffins are being made for them. The citizens are using all their power for the wounded, but many, it is feared, will die. A special train with physicians from Al'Comb City and BrookHaven has arrived, and another extra special will soon be here with additional help from Magnolia. Some of these physicians will go to Beauregard, - where the destruction to life and property is, said to be simply indescribable. Among the killed in Weston are Mrs. Causby and two 2 children, several children of J. E. Gibson, ' one of whom was found crushed under a chimney, two persons who were so mingled as to be unrecognisable, and several others ¡ whose names could not be obtained. A little boy was found in the woods several hundred > yards away unhurt. ~ Wesson, except in the locality mentioned, suffered little except the destruction of fences and trees. ', The scene was appalling in Beauregard. The town is literally a mass of ruins, and it is with'difficulty'one can ride through, so , thick arc trees strewn across the road. Not a house of any character is standing in the place. Timbers ' are scattered for miles around even out in the country two and a half miles. The depot was swept away and nothing of it now remains. A Times > Democrat Westport special says a terrific gale from the north-west struck that town yesterday afternoon, accompanied by tor- , rents of rain and the largest hailstones ever seen there. The Courthouse, Cotton Exchange, and numerous other buildings were unroofed, and materially damaged. No I lives were lost. a ' Jackson (Alice), April 23. Reports of the ' , destruction by the cyclone are coming in. j At WeBSon 13 were killed and 60 wounded. At Beauregard 23 were killed and 90 wounded. Twenty-seven houses in Weston were destroyed. Beauregard is entirely swept away. The destruction is very great. The town of Tillman was destroyed and several were killed T and wounded. The Vicksburg and i Meridian railroad town of Lawrence suffered ' terribly., Reports from other places and from the country show the storm was widespread and death active. The telegraph wires were blown down for miles. . ' Chattanooga (Town.), April 23. Fully 10,000 dol. damage was done this city by a storm last night. Reports from the surrounding country show that the storm was very destructive. fires are down, and particular are meagre. , , Des Moines (Ia.), April 23. A cyclone passed up "Maple River Valley early last evening. The Catholic Church was wrecked and three houses 'blown down, and other minor damage inflicted. No loss of life. ' New Orleans, April 24. The latest reports from the sections of Mississippi devastated'! by the cyclone, received by the train on Sunday, Show that 83 persons were killed and 300 wounded, many dangerously. The loss of property is unprecedented. The Picayune's Aberdeen (Miss.) special says A cyclone , passed through Monroe county on Sunday, killing a number of persons, wounding some seriously, and carrying away houses, fences, bridges, and everything else in its way. A suburb of Aberdeen, containing 25 or 30 families, was swept from the face of the earth. Several persons were killed outright, and others are since died from their wounds ; 35 of the wounded are now under treatment, and many are in a precarious condition. The county gaol has been converted into an hos- pital. The course of the cyclone was south-west to north-east, and it passed entirely through the county, wrecking everything in its path. , At Beauregard all is bustle and confusion. Gangs of men are at work getting out goods from wrecked stores, and scores of teams are hauling the recovered property away. The homeless people have gotten together their remaining effects, and are moving them in waggons or carts. A sonata notion hair is removing the debris of broken box cars. A relief committee, headed by L. C. Bride- well, is at work issuing rations and distributing clothing. Drs. Leaman and Fitch are also assisting the wounded. Assistance also came from Jackson, Utica, and other points. Many sad scenes were witnessed to-day. The groans and means of the wounded were heartrending. It was particularly touching to see the little children, numbers of them scarcely more than babies. Scarcely a murmur was heard from the little ones, and none complained. One little girl, three years of age, called Out, Mamma, tote too and fix my arm." Poor battered and bruised little arm No one could fix it but ," mamma," and " mamma " was in the next room, all unconscious that her baby was hurt until her own death occurred. There was a five-year-old boy, whose face was bruised and battered, and whose head was marked by an ugly wound. He was unconscious, but even with his brain clouded, and not knowing where he felt in pain, he moaned and relied in bed. Charleston (S.C.), April 23rd cyclone in Barnwell county yesterday cut a path three fourths of a mile wide through the Sallke hatches swamp, as if the timber had been felled for a railroad. Many houses were swept away. Atlanta, April 24. Great damage has been done by a storm in Clay county. A negro was killed, and two persons fatally injured. Reports from Crawford show considerable damage by the storm. Many houses were blown down and many persons injured by lightning and falling houses. How- TO GET WELL which is answered in three words Take Hop Bitters ! Read The few choice spirits who constitute what we may all the medical Jury of the country, were right in their verdict about WORTH'S SOIINAI'I S, and Time, the greatest and highest tribunal, confirms the decree. GiiOBT.H.-An attempt is being made in the old country to revive the belief in v instant from another world, and many are the wonderful stories that for, scene of the Journal The sceptical mind is, how evers inclined to adopt Scrooge's remark to Marloo, 's ghosts " How do I know that you are not a bit of undigested bread t" for, of all the ghost producers, a bit of " heavy" tread in the most potent. It is a wonder, therefore, that people do not adopt the surest spell against ghosts by using Ilorwlck's Gold Medal Baking Powder in making bread for although It won't " raise ghosts," it will raise bread in the most ivd mirable fashion. Every wise storekeeper has it by him.aiuloverygooilhousowifobirjsit. SI 683. ADVICE TO MOTHERS Are you broken in your rest by a sick child suffering with the pain of cutting teeth Clo at once to a chemist and get a bottle of Mrs WINSLOW'S SOOTHING Butter. It will relieve the poor sufferer immediately. It In perfectly harmless, and pleasant to taste, it produces natural, quiet sleep, by relieving the child from rain and the little cherub awakes " as bright as a button." It soothes the child, it softens the gums, allays all pain, relieves wind, regulates the bowels, and is the best known remedy for dysentery and disorders, whether an Wag from teething or of her equal. Jfcss. Winslow's Soothing Syrup I shall by sSsJIttM dStlMS «vsrjwkM« stn. llS.paboUU. 