THE ROYAL HUMANE SOCIETY OF AUSTRALASIA. In another column will bo found, a letter from the President of; the Royal Humane Society of Australasia, formerly known as the Humane Society 620 of Victoria. The Immediate practical object of this communication is to inti mate that an application has been made to the Mayor of Adelaide to call a meeting of the inhabitants for the purpose of forming a branch of the Society. With this request the Mayor, no doubt, will readily comply. The objects aimed at are sub stantially the same as those pursued by the Royal Humane Society of Great Britain, namely, the recognition of heroic acts in the saving of life, and the provision of means to prevent death by accidents from flood or fire. To save one'a fellowmen from sudden death on sea or land is obviously a great service to humanity j and that the men and women who risk their own lives in order, as far as they can, to help others to escape from threatened danger ought to ie specially noted and rewarded, will be admitted with enthusiasm by all. It may be needful to state that the Victorian Society was formed in 1874, and, evidently with a view to an exten sion of its operations, the name of the Society, was changed in 1878 to that of the Humane Society of Australasia, and the title Royal was, with the Queen's permission, assumed last year. We believe there are already branches in various parts of Victoria, ani it is now desired to form branches in the various Australasian provinces. According to the by-law in. reference to the forma tion of this extension no branch can be formed until fifty persons have agreed to become members, and subscribed at least one guinea a year to the Society's funds. As to the other details of their constitution it may be sufficient at present to say that one-fourth of the funds collected by each branch must at the clpse.of the year be remitted to the Treasurer of the Society, and that the remaining three-fourths may be expended by the branch in carrying out the objects of the Society, no branch, however, having ' any right to use the name or authority of the Society in order to incur any liabilities without the express sanction of the Court of Directors. It will be observed that, in the letter we publish, the President of th9 Royal Humane Society of Australasia expresses a hope that the hearty co-operation of the various provinces of Australasia in the objects at which they aim will power tend to- promote the federation of the colonies. ? At the last annual meeting of the Society in Melbourne the' ' Resident declared that 'the foundation - stone of federation had been already laid' by Her Majesty's having assented to the alteration of the title' u Victorian Humane Society' into 'The Royal Humane Society of Austral asia.'^ 'Without endorsing this optimistic sentiment, we may say that we are thoroughly in favour of the ex tension of the organization to the whole of Australasia. From the correspondence published in the last annual report of the Society we learn that the Colonial Secretary of New South Wales was not prepared, as recently a3 the 30th of July last, to recognise that the Melbourne institution bearing the name of ??Australasian' was formed bj the colo nies generally, adding that New South Wales had not ever, as far as he was aware, up to that date been even asked to join the Society. In a matter of this kind any feeling savouring of jealousy on account of the precedence which one colony may have obtained over the others is certainly to be deprecated; but it is desirable that the relations between the branches and the central Society should be more explicitly defined than they are in the clause referring to this point in the President's letter. He says that the subscribers to the branches 'will not only have large control over the ex penditure of the funds collected by them, but will liave equal voting power in the genera ? ma^ement of the Society.' From l. .\i v.o would infer that the sub scribers to the branches will not only determine the disposal of the three-quarters of their funds, but have an equal voice in the direction of the affairs of the Society. ]at head quarters. It would be well, we think, to have this more clearly set forth ; but details of this kind can, no doubt, be arranged in a satisfac tory manner. As the powers of subscri bers in the other provinces can only be exercised by proxy, however, it is evident that they will so far be placed at a dis advantage compared with the subscribers in Melbourne as to the management of the affairs of the Central Society. The abstract of the cash account of the Society for 1882-3, which is appended to the report, shows that during that year the total expenditure amounted to £366 15s. 6d., and that the balances in hand aggregated £380 63. Ud. As might be expected, the items of expenditure on medals and certificates, and on life-buoys which so far as we can see are the only outlays for accomplishing the direct objects of the Society, amount respectively to £73 9s. 9d. and £53 12s., or together to £127 Is. 9&, which is a very little over one third of the total expenditure. Eent and salaries, however, only amount to £115 j.9s. 3d., and of course the printing of the reports and advertising, the annual demon stration, and 'commission' entailed a large outlay. On the whole, the finances seem to have been economically managed. Up to the present the Society's operations outside of Victoria have been confined to the circulation of thou sands of copies of directions for saving life in cases of drowning, snakebite, sun Btroke, &c.;, but should it succeed in obtaining the co-operation of the other colonies its benefits will be extended as far as possible over all. Imperial Wise DrriES. — For many years past the question of reducing the Imperial duties on wines has at every suitable opportunity been brought under the notice of the Chancellor of the Exchequer. The existing duties are very unfair to most of our Australian .wines. The tariff is Is. per gallon for wine con taining less than 26' proof spirits, and 2a. 6d. per gallon on all above that and under 42°. It was hoped that when the negotiations about the renewal of the French Treaty of Com merce were being carried on that such a revision of the list would be made as would be fairer to the colonial produc tion. Almost as soon as Mr. Gladstone took office in 18S0 he brought forward proposals for a new scale of wine duties, which would have placed the colonial -wines in a better position to compete in the English markets ; but those proposals unfortunately were not carried, and the old rates have continued in operation up to the present time. It had long been under stood that the Spanish vignerons were anxious to get their heavier wines intro duced at the lower duty of a shilling, and it has also been hoped that the colonies would profit by a concession which for political and economic reasons England might find it desirable to grant to Spain. A few days ago -we learned by telegram that the Imperial Government proposed to admit at the lowest duty of Is. Spanish wines containing up to 30 degrees of alcohol. The Spanish Pres3 urge that before any definite commercial treaty between the two countries i3 con cluded the limit should be fixed at 38 degrees. Now is undoubtedly the time when the claims of the Australian vigernons shouldbepressed upon the atten tion of the Chancellor of the Exchequer. We are rather surprised chat we have not heard by telegram of the Agents General waiting upon Mr. Childers to urge that whatever advantage is given to Spain should be conceded to these colonies. We learn from our mes sages this morning that Mr. Alderman McArthur has written to the London Chamber of Commerce suggesting that that body should plead the claim of the colonies to be placed on an equal footing with Spain. It is gratifying to find that Mr. McArthur is so fully alive to the importance of the Aus tralian trade, bui his efforts should certainly be backed up by the official re presentatives of the colonies. We take for granted that Sir A. Blyth has for years had general instructions to watch this particular question, but it would be well for the Government to telegraph instructions to him to communicate with the other Agents-General with the object of bringing the subject once more definitely before the Chancellor of the Exchequer. The experience of the past has shown that there is a persistent opposition to change based partly on official and partly on economic grounds that has to be overcome, and it is therefore im portant not to lose such a favourable opportunity as the present for pressing for a reduction of the duty on colonial wines. It strikes us that the demands of the Spanish Press are rather extreme. At any rate so far as Australia is concerned, the fixing of the limit at 30 degrees for which the lower duty of a shilling \3 charged would, we believe, be regarded as satis factory. The Real Propehty Act Again.— Another title under the Real Property Act has been upset on the ground that at the time the property was registered some one was in ' adverse possession of' and lf rightfully entitled to' it. A widow named Mrs. Williams has for the past thirty years held several allotments of land at Aberdeen, but originally only as a tenant. Nevertheless, as the land belonged to a man who has long ago left the colony, and who has never claimed it, Mrs. Williams has by over twenty years' occupancy of the property become right fully entitled to it, and was, moreover, so entitled at the time the land was brought under the Real Property Act. Morehead, who obtained the clean ceitifi cate in respect of the property, sold it to a Mr. Harvey, who in the action just decided endeavoured to eject Mrs. Wil liams.- There can be no doubt that by the Statute of Limitations the . widow was rightfully entitled to the hind at the time the registration took place. The Courthas therefore decided that it belongs to her. The plaintiff Harvey, who has paid value for the property to Morehead, and who has received for it a clean cer tificate under the Real Property Act, becomes disentitled on account of the invalidity of the proceedings by which it was brought under the Act. The widow has been saved from having a wrong perpetrated against her ; but Harvey has to submit to perhaps an equal wrong. Yet His Honor the Chief Justice says — ' It is unnecessary for me to say whether within the technical meaning of the Real Property Act Morehead was guilty of fraud in making the declaration, but I see nothing to lead me to the conclusion that either he or those representing him here had any intention to make a false declaration.' The end of the matter is that the clean certificate under the Real Property Act is declared to be worthless ; all parties are exonerated from blame ; and . the party who bought the land under the security of the Act not only loses his monev, but has to pay costs besides. From any but a lawyer's point of view it is obvious that in this there is something wrong somewhere. It is from cases in which the transactions have all been blameless, but in which some slight misconception has arisen, that the legal profession usually extracts the greatest profit. The last case in which a real property title was declared worthless was, it will be remembered, one in which the Court held that the fraud of the person who originally registered the property, and who still held a share in it, consti tuted the strongest reason for deciding that the title was invalid. In the present instance we have a case in which no fraud is proved ; everything has been open and above-board. Yet the purchaser under the Real Property Act Iose3 his money. Of course there are the strongest reasons why the poor widow should be protected in possession of the property which became hers of right some years ago ; but where the Court is between two injustices a remedy has been provided in the shape of the Assurance Fund. It will be interesting to note whether the plaintiff Harvey succeeds in recovering the amount paid for the land either from Morehead or from the Assurance Fund, as provided by the Act of 1878. If not, the public will have to face the conclusion that the intention of the Real Property Act has been overthrown, as it has been held that an innocent purchaser of a property with a clean certificate under the Act has been sent out of Court. The Goveexob asd the Marquis op Normaxby. — On Friday His Excellency the Governor, accompanied by the Mar quis of Normanby Mr. Harpur, Aide de-camp, and the Commissioner of Crown Lands (Hon. A. Catt), proceeded to SacJdleworth by a special train, in order that the Marquis might have an opportunity of inspecting the wheat country lying between Adelaide and that township. On arrival at their destination the party were met by the local dignitaries, and were shown round Saddleworth and its environs. The llarquis of Normanby was highly pleased with the country and with the splendid crops which were to be noticed on either side of the railway. A return was made shortly after noon, and Adelaide was reached at half-past 1 o'clock. To-day Sir William Robinson will pay an official visit to the Nelson, and on Sunday the Marquia of Normanby will pro ceed on board the Nelson piior to his de parture for Melbourne. UxiVEBSlTY. ANXUAL COMMEMOBATIOS.— On Monday, December 17, the annual com memoration of the University will be held. This is the first occasion on which the event has been fixed for the end of the year instead of the Easter season, and special features in the proceedings will consist of addresses by His Excellency the Governor and by the Vice Chancellor (the Rev. W. R. Fletcher, 1LA.). The Council and Senate, together with all officers of the University, will be present in academic costume, and nine candidates for degrees will be presented to the Chancellor (His Honor Chief Justice Way). Two stu dents of the Adelaide University will be among those to receive the degree of B.A, The Anglican Bishop (the Right Rev. G. W. Kencion) will take his degree ad etindem, he being a Master of Arts of Oxford University, and Archdeacon Farr will take his LL.D. ad cundem from Cambridge. The names of the successful candidates in the first class of the matriculation and junior examinations will be read, and the candidates will be called up and then' certificates will be presented by the Chancellor. AifOTHEB Real Pboferty Case.— At the Supreme Court on Friday, December 14, before the Chief Justice, another case de pending upon the construction of section 134 of the Real Property Act was determined. Mr. Harvey purchased two allotments of land at Aberdeen which were occupied by Mrs. Williams, the vendor to Harvey having brought the land under the Real Property Act. In 1851 a Mr. Sanders had a lease of the land, and on leaving the colony left Mrs. Williams and her huBband in possession, and they continued to hold it to the present time. Harvey being in possession of a clean certifi cate of title now brought an action against Mrs. Williams (her husband having died) for ejectment. She had paid nothing for the land, but resisted the action on the ground that she had occupied the land for twenty years, and that, therefore, the Statute of Limitations gave her a possessory title. His Honor held that as the defendant had been in actual occupation of the land adversely to the person holding the certificate under section 134 of the Real Property Act she was 'rightfully entitled' to it. Judgment was therefore given for the defendant, with costs. H.M.S. Nelson's Men at Woek. — One of the most interesting occasions for visiting the warship is when there is general exercise at quarters, and the ship is prepared for action, as was done on Friday morning. At the sound of the bugle the men come quickly and without the slightest confusion to their different stations, and in a few minutes the immense vessel is in full fighting order, ready to send shot singly or in broadsides into the enemy, firing either by hand or electricity. And throughout the huge hull everything is prepared. Sail-trimmers are at their stations j the carpenter and his mates and the riggers are ready to repair damage to spars or rigging ; powder monkeys pass up ammunition ; the doctor and his assistants have out their alarming array of instruments — bandages, splints, and so forth — for aiding the wounded ; and not a man of the whole 550 of the crew but is alert and at his post. It is a fine sight to seethe splendid vessel, with her wonderful arrangement of weapons of destruction, from the huge guns glaring threateningly out of the embrasures to the terribly destruct ve Gatiings and Nbrdenfeldta, thus prepared for a naval battle. Boats are ready for instant use, deadly weapons are to hand on every side, and men are standing each at his appointed post — each a power in himself, because of his perfect discipline, and the exactitude of the system ULder which he acts. On board the Nelson each day has its particular exercise and round of duties. On Monday there are general sail drill and evolu tions aloft— a most interesting spectacle ; on Tuesday ordinary routine work ; Wednesday is a general landing day; Thursday the muster of clothing, bedding, &c;, takes place, and the work of clothes making and mending iB done. This is called ' ropeyarn Sunday.' Friday is the day for general quarters, and Saturday is given up to cleaning. Thus the sailor has a pretty busy time of it, although there is 'so many of him' so to speak. It is necessary on board a manof war, where such a number of men are kept together in comparative confinement, to keep the work going and give plenty of scope for ' elbow grease,' otherwise the demon of dis content would Boon make havoc with diHci pline. Some of the Marine Board members paid a semiofficial visit to the Nelson on Friday, going to the vessel from the Port in the Government launch. The weather was rather fresh on Friday morning, and the sea high, but it was not so bad as it was the previous day. The Mermaid brought ashore the teams of bluejackets and marines for the rifle contest with the Glenelg rifle shots ; and as the wind moderated in the afternoon the experiences of the contestants on the shoot ing-ground were not so disagreeable as was anticipated. - , Supreme Court Practitioners. — The following gentlemen have passed the final examination for admission as practitioners of the Supreme Court -.—Messrs. W. Culross, J. T. Hackett, B.A., C. Johns, and E. C. Moore, B.A. These gentlemen will be admitted to day, which is the hist day of term. The City Council.— A meeting of the whole Council was held on Friday afternoon, to consider the question of the reorganization of the Health Office. Alderman Hagedorn moved the adoption of the following minute, which had been sent up by the Health Committee on November 28 :— 'Committee took into their consideration the working of the Officer of Health's De-. partment, and are of opinion that additional assistance is required, and that the Officer of Health should be held responsible by the Local Board of Health, and they recom mended that two additional Sanitary Inspectors be appointed each at a salary of £156 per annum, and placed under the sole direction of the Officer of Health, and out of the five Inspectors, Sani tary Inspector Fuller be appointed Chief Inspector, at a salary of £4 5s. per week, and be relieved from the dutie8 of In Bpector under the Meters and Gas Act.' He pointed out how necessary it was in the interests of the citizens that the health office should be remodelled on a different basis, and that additional help should be allowed so as to permit the In spectors to properly carry out their duties by devoting their time more fully to the work of inspection instead of being engaged in clerical work in the office. Alderman Richardson seconded the motion. Councillor Mildred pointed out that it would be unfair to ask the new mem bers of the Council to vote on a matter with which they were practically unacquainted; and so he would move, as an amendment, that consideration of the minute be adjou /ned so as to give the new Coun cillors an opportunity of grasping the facts of the case. The amendment was carried. The question of the contract for scavenging and supplies was also brought up, but it was also adjourned till a further meeting of the Committee, It was decided to ring the Albert belk on Christmas Eve and on New Year's Day. The proceedings then terminated. Banco Court.— The Supreme Court will sit in Banco this morning at half -past 10, it being the last day of term. Supreme Court Civil Sittings.— The December Civil Sittings were brought to a close before the Chief Justice on Friday, December 14. The case of Harvey v. WilliamB was concluded, and judgment was given for the defendant. In the cases of Field v. Field and Wade and Sandry v. Sandry for dissolution of marriages, His Honor eaid he would report the allegations in each instance as proved. Our Representatives at the Conven tion.— Both the Chief Secretary and the Attorney-General spoke at the Convention banquet in Melbourne on Monday evening, December 10, in response to the toast of 'Our GueBts.' The effect of Mr. Bray's speech has already been published. Mr. Downer's was bo eloquent and telling that at one point a Victorian attendant at the banquet interrupted him by calling for three cheers for the ex-Premier of Queensland, of whom he was speaking in glowing terms. Mr. Downer, after attempting to justify his vote which assisted in making the Convention par take of the character of a secret conclave, said —'When the telegram came to us in South Australia announcing that Queensland had boldly planted the British flag on the shores of New Guinea, a thrill ran through my heart. ? , . I felt that this was a bold deed, that the Gordian knot had been cut — that whilst year after year had been spent in diplomatic correspondence as to the ad visability of annexing that island, or the portion capable of annexation, this man had done that which diplomacy never could have done. He Lad brought things to the crucial point that would force a decision. There was the starting point. There was the action that found sympathy, I am Bure, in the breasts of every one of us. ... The action of Sir Thomas Mcllwraith has been called daylight robbery, and a lot of hard terms have been applied to it. He took the shortest means of ensuring a decision in a matter which it was necessary should be decided. Then came super added the New Hebrides question. On this matter it was said that South Aus tralia was cold, and showed no enthusiasm ; but this was not the case. The position we took up was simple enough, We were told that the old country, to which we were all ao loyal, had entered into a . treaty to secure the independence of these islands, and we were loth to see England make a breach of faith with any country. With regard to the Convention, it was thoroughly satisfactory. There was good feeling between all the colonies, and I think it almost a pity to allude to any coolness that may have existed at the inception. All united, and met on the most friendly footing and worked for the one end ; and I believe if we have not attained that end we have done something towards it. And in pro testing, as we have done, against the proposal of a foreign nation to Bend its thricecon victed criminals amongBt us— so far from its . behig possible that we can be accused of any disloyalty to our Queen, we shall find an answering echo to our action, in every heart in England.' _Volunteee Items.— Captain for the en; suing week, Captain Solomon; subaltern. Lieutenant Baker. The match for tne Challenge Cup presented by the Legisla ture will be fired at Dry Creek on Saturday, January 5, instead of December 29. Compe titors will have to go to Dry. Creek by the 10.45 train. &~_f* ''SOaKSH '«flrfns ESt. Andrew's Young Men's Society. — On Friday evening, December 14, the members of St Andrew's Young Men's Society cele brated the close of this session of their meetings by giving one of Dickens's 'Christmas Carols'— a ghost atory. The carol is divided into four 'staves' in the new edition, but into five in the old one. and on Friday the last was was divided so as to make five of it. Mr. F. Stevens read the first, 'Mariey'a Ghost,' and the latter portion of No. 4 ; Mr. J. Johnson, jun., the second, ' The First of the Spirits ;' Mr. F. M. Edwards the third, ' The Second of the Spirits;' and Mr. J. M. Anderson the fourth stave, ' The Last of the Spirits.' All . these gentlemen read with marked precision and delighted the audience. During the evening the Misses Kerr, Martin, and Colton, and Messrs, Rerr and Wallis contributed songs and instrumental music. City IfiPROVEMENTS.— Messrs. J. Martin and Co. have just completed some extensive additions to their already large Boftgoods establishment in Rundle-street. A short time since they obtained the lease of Morgan's bootshop, at the corner of Charles and Rundle-streeta, and adjoining their premises. The side wall facing Charles-street has been partly pulled down, and in its place has been erected a shop-front, extending a distance of 110 feet down the street, the total fron tages now possessed by the firm in both Rundle and Charles streets being over 230 feet. The character of the upper part of the building has also been altered bo as [to make it a large dining-room for the use of the employes, about 160 of whom; Bit down to dinner every daj. A splendid patent stove by Flavel & Co. has been put up, and exten sive lavatories have been provided. The firm have also ecqnired the leasehold of a further block of land at the back of their present shops', on which they intend to erect a large warehouse, ACCIDENT 05 THE NArRNE LlNE.— A peculiar accident happened on the Nairne Railway line at Blackwobd on Friday after noon, December 14, toanawy named Patrick Martin, 33 years of age. Martin and some other men^were travelling along the line on a railway, trolly, -themselves driving. When near'Blackwood by some means he fell off, and received a lacerated wound on his scalp. He was removed to the Adelaide Hospital and admitted for treatment. - . Telegraphic Chess Match.— The match by wire between the Adelaide and Port Augusta Chess Clubs began on Friday evening, December 14. The Adelaide repre sentatives met punctually at the General Post-Office at 7.45 p.m., and play began at 8. The' pairing was as follows : — ' ADELAIDE. ' PORT AUGUSTA. No. 1— Mr. D. F. Macdonald v. Mr. Walters. No. 2— Mr. T. F. Machin v. Mr. Wood. . - .. No. 3— Mr. E. C. Earl v. Mr. G. Donaldson. S.M. No. 4— Mr. E. E. Nesbit v. Mr. H. A. Neabit'. No. 6— Mr. H. B. FunneU v. Mr. B. Mellor, J.P. No. 6— Mr. T. J. Trowell v. Mr. Nott. At Boards Nos. 2, 4, and 6 Adelaide had first move, and at Nos. 1, 3, and 5 Port Augusta' had that privilege. Mr. E. Govett acted as umpire for the Port Augusta contingent, while Mr. Beeton (and afterwards Mr. Gliddon) acted in a similar capacity for Adelaide. Play progressed much more rapidly than on May 31, when the first match between Adelaide . and Port Augusta took place. Close games were avoided, and consequently the contests soon became exceedingly interesting. At Board 1 Port Augusta began with the Vienna opening. Mr. Macdonald presently defended wiih Steinitz's powerful variation of P to K Kt 3 and B to K K.t 2. At Board 2 Mr. Machin led off with the mild Giuoco Piano, his opponent replying similarly to move 6. At Board 3 Port Augusta treated Mr. Earl to the Vienna opening, but he proved equal to the emergency. At Board 4 the two cousins manipulated the Ruy Lopez Knight's Game with Bird's Defence. At Board 5 the nearest approach to a close opening was observable, Mr. Funnell meeting the fiery onset of 1 P to K 4 on the part of Mr. Mellor by the French Defence 1 P to K 3. At Board 6 Mr. Trowell offered the King's Gambit. The Port. Augusta champion accepted the pawn, but discarded the 'books' at the third move. This display of originality soon, however, had a prejudicial effect on his position, which as early as the sixth move wore a demoralized appearance, and soon after Mr. Trowell beat him. The other games showed no sign of closing until about 5 o'clock this morning. At 2 o'clock Mr. MacdoDald, for Adelaide, had the better of it on No. 1 Board ; but it was almost impossible to .pre dict how t other games would go. Out-patients at the Hospital.— In ac cordance with the suggestion of the House Surgeons of the Adelaide Hospital, the Board of Management on Friday resolved to try the effect of changing the out-patient3' hours from the morning to the afternoon. Dr. Dunlop reported favourably of the alteration, and considered it would not only be a con venience to the patients themselves but would facilitate the duties of the surgeons in connection with the in-patients. It wa3 decided to give the alteration a trial, so that on and after January 1 out-patiente will be treated in the afternoons except on Satur days. The Jealousy between ? Victoria and New South Wales.— At the Convention banquet in Melbourne on Monday evening, December 10, the Victorian Premier, Mr. Service, delivered a speech in which he severely criticised the attitude of New South Wales with regard to the Convention, and in return was warmly taken to task the next day by several members of Parliament in Sydney. In the course of the offending Bpeech he said :— ' We felt really when we left Melbourne as if we were about to perform a great work, , ? . But to our astonishment, when we got to Sydney, we found our friends there sound asleep. Hardly any one there knew that a Conven tion for this object was about to be held. Well, gentlemen, you can imagine that this cold shoulder in the first instance from the Sydney people had a rather damping tendency on our ardour. I found what I had often heard of but never before experienced, and could not have believed without having experienced it, namely, the moat intense jealousy on the part of Sydney in respect to Melbourne and the Melbourne people.' Of Sir John Robertson, the leader of the Opposition in New South Wales, Mr. Service said : — ' He seemed in respect to this new movement to be somewhat antiquated. The fact of the matter is that Sir John cannot realize that we are no longer babies. He forgets that we have gone out into the world, and made a house of our own, and are no loDger children, and when we rejoin the old mother colony that it must be in the shape of partners and not as children. . . . We had to do the best we could. We enjoyed his hospitality and that of otheis, and we stuck to our business, the delegates of New South Wales assisting. ... When our New South Wales friends eot a little thawed —which they did on the first day or so— they worked with us most heartily. Every one around the table was so hearty in the matter that it would have been refreshing even to the most enthusiastic Victorian to have seen how Jihp New South Welshmen entered into the spirit of the whole affair, and they were as determined in the end to carry out the whole thing to a satis factory conclusion as we ourselves were.' Besides this little atonement Mr. Service said at the close of hia speech, in re feiring to the difficulty which threatens the passage of the Conference resolutions in tho New South Wales Assembly—' I would like you to give three hearty cheers for our friendB of New South Wales, in order to encourage them in their arduous task ;' and three cheers were given at his call. Sottthebh Yorke's Peninsula.— A corre spondent sends us the following : — ' Leaving Largs Bay in the good steamer Warooka we left behind us a hot, muggy day to find our Belves in a very few minutes glorying in a splendid breeze, and during the few days I spent at Edithborgh the weather was simply delightful. The crops between Edith burgh, Yorketown, and Minlaton do not vary to any very considerable extent, except, perhaps, about Diamond Lake, where they are rather above the average. Farmers are pretty generally agreed that the average will come up to ten bushels. It ia painful to see the dirty state into which many of the farms have been allowed to get, in some instances there being more oats than wheat. Something will have to be done to clean the land soon ; the pity is that the remedy geta harder to apply the longer it is left. There are a few instances in which successful attempts have been made to get rid of the oats, &c.; One instance in particular struck me. A settler near Stana bury who took his first lesson in farming some six or seven yeaia ago has by a mode rate amount of capital and a. large amount of determination succeeded in making one of the roughest bits of country into a farm which it is a pleasure and a pride to look at. Cropping half of hia laud for two years and turning sheep into it fox another two years, while he crops the other half, he succeeds in getting hia land clean and more produc tive. Driving through the middle of his crop, and seeing the wheat standing up like a wall ?with great long ears, and hardly a head of oats to be seen, I wondered at the apathy of his neighbours with such an example before them. Some of the wheat stood over five feet, and he will reap a fine harvest for his pluck and application. Stansbury remains in -a very quiescent state, and does not make any progress. The jetty is a great grievance, and produces a growl sometimes without any result. We had a pleasant trip home in the Ethel, until we met the hot stifling atmo sphere of the laud within a mile or two of Largs Bay.' Earl Rosebe&y; on Australia.— Earl Eosebery, jpho is making a tour through Australia, was entertained by the St. Andrew's Society of New South Wales on Saturday evening, December 8, and in response to the toast of his health he made a speech which by its eloquence and breadth of view, and by the signs of keen observation which it bore, took his hearers completely by surprise, and when he had finished they cheered him vociferously. Referring to the future of the colonies, he said :— 'I suppose no one can travel even as hastily as I have done without, being impressed with the boundless future of your country. I suppose, hough I have little experience, of what Aus tralian speakers deal with, this is a very trite subject; but to me it seems as original as though it had never been treated on. A century ago no white man was living on this boiL This vast continent was unpeopled except by the. blacks and the wild beasts, and we know that where all the triumphs of civilization now exist the black savage had hia hideous feast and exercised his myste aiona rights ; and even the .brute creation was separated from the rest of animated nature, for it belonged to no known genus. Into this vast solitude there has come a new and quickening spirit, where there was nothing but the kangaroo and the emu, and, dancing his- crazy minuet, the native companion. I see that on these spots 5 on have large cities, and you have Lagislaturea that compare with any ia the world, and you have all the comforts and the luxuries that science and. art' can procure. You have thousands of miles of railways and telegraiihs, and one of your plucky colonies haa strained a wire across that part of your continent which ia white with the bone3 of your explorers. That country which I have described as a desert— as a desert in those days— is occupied by millions of sheep and cattle, representing all the fatness and wealth of the earth.' Relative to the enthusiastic |welcome given to him by his fellow-Scotchmen, he said — ' If I were allowed to propose a toast— (Hear, hear)— it would be this: 'St. Andrew's Cross and the Southern Cross^-St. Andrew's beneath the Southern Cross;' and by this I would wish to imply that 1 hope that the little but courageous nation to which I belong will be privileged to bear a part in constructing the empire which your continent is destined to contain. I do not believe this is a fallacious hope, considering the positions which Mr. Stuart and Mr. Service occupy in their respective colonies ; but I would enlarge that hope by statiDg my wish that all who are present here, and their Bons, may be privi leged in assisting to build up in this land an empire secure from the rivalries and strifes of our older world, a State which shall hive the prerogative of peace, which shall satisfy the instincts of the dominant race, and not only those instincts, but the noblest aspira tions for relieving the toilings and sufferings of human kind.' Railway Official Incivility. — Com plaints of the incivility of railway em ployes are becoming frequent. Yesterday two ladies who purchased tickets for Glenelg at the Victoria-square Station were made the subjects of considerable annoyance, first by a guard, and subsequently by a ticket seller, both of whom, it was understood, claimed that the tickets purchased at the same office in the morning were for a Sunday train. If this was so there is evidently something loose in a aystem in which such a mistake could occur, and the unfortunate Iadie3 were obliged to put up with the impertinence of these people for the error of the railway employe'. We are in formed that a day or two ago a lady who enquired at the ticket office at North-terrace when the next train went to Largs Bay, was gruffly requested to ' ask the porter.' Civility is an inexpensive com modity, and it is hardly too much to expect that these gentry, who are the servants of the public, should keep a small stock of it on hand for everyday use. Fire at Hindmarsh. — On Friday morning early & small fire occurred on the premises of Messrs. W. Peacock & Sons, fellmongers, ?of Hindmarsh, but it was observed before it did any great damage, and extinguished with no great difficulty. A reel arrived from the city about 4 a.m., but happily its presence was not needed, as the flames were mastered Bome time previous to that hour. Commercial Marine Insurance Com PANT. — From the half-yearly report of the Directors we quote the following : — 'In pre senting the eleventh half-yearly report the Directors point out that the period under re view has been one of unusual depression, but it is confidently anticipated that the increased exporte of cereals will cause a marked im provement in the Company's revenue during the Jensuing half-year. The balance at the credit of profit and loss account, including amount from last half-year, is £1,199 13s. 6d., out of which the Director.-1 propose to pay a dividend at the rate of 10 per cent per annum, and carry forward the balance, £3,449 13s., against current risks.' The half year's premiums amounted to £13,093, against which the expenses, losses, and insurances were £13,017. School at Curhahulka. — On Friday morning, December 14, Mr. W. H. Beagle hole, M.P., presented to the Minister of Education the resolutions passed at a public meeting held at Curramulka, requesting that steps may be taken to erect in that township a new school building capable of accommo dating ninety children. The Minister pro mised to obtain a report on the matter. School Accommodation at Lefevee's Peninsula.— The Minister of Education (the Hon. J. L. Parsons, M.P.), accompanied by Mr. J.A. Hartley, B.A. , B.Sc. (Inspector-General of Schools), and Messrs. Bower, M.P. (Chair man of the Port Adelaide Board of Advice), and W. Christie (a member of the Board), vMted Lefevre's Peninsula on Friday after noon, December 14, to take into consideration the local school requirements. The Model School, under Mr. John Millard, was visited, and the question of its enlargement was care fully gone into. It was felt that the improve inents sought for there ought tc be carried out. The additions were authorized a year ago, but the running of the Largs Bay trains in close proximity to the school considerably reduced the attendance for the first few months of the year. Owing, however, to the great care of the engine-drivers and the con stant vigilance of the teachers, no accident happenedtoany scholar,and public confidence ' was restored. The result was an increased attendance. The party found present 535 children, who famished ocular proof of the necessity for enlargement. A private school was visited at Birkenhead, where 100 scholars were being taught in a Church building, which was evidently too small for the atten dance. The Minister considered tho Model School sufficiently central and convenient to meet the wanta of the surrounding districts, so that any public expenditure in the locality on school buildings should, from economic considerations, be in connection with the Model School. The appearance and beha viour of the children drew forth praise, and complimentary entries were made in the visitors' book. The children were granted a half-holiday to mark the occasion. Entertainment at Norwood.— An ama teur musical and dramatic entertainment in aid of the Edin Park Cricket Club was given at the Norwood Town Hall on Friday even ing, December 14. Mr, W. Sinclair gave a song entitled ' Sailing,' and obtained an encore. Mr. J. Sharp sang several other comic songs. Little can be said for his vocal efforts, but his amusing facial contortions rendered his performances the redeeming feature of the evening. Mr. H. Hall gave a song of his own composition, 'Thy Angel Face,' which appeared to be a patchwork of varions well-known operatic airs inju diciously mingled. It however contributed greatly to the amusement of the evening. Mr. J. Brown, who was down for a ' selected . comic eong,' gave a funeral war song with a 'hurrah' chorua in a manner which realized one'a cherished ideal of the music which should accompany a 'for- lorn hope.' After this Mr. Walter Everard wa3 ambitious enough to essay ' Let me like ? oldier Fall,' and his effort was kindly received by the audience, who were very-good natured,' Mr. H. P. Macklin sang 'Vanity,' and Misses Wagstaff and Seamond closed the first portion of the enter tainment with an effectively rendered duet. Broughton'8'comedietta, 'Withered Leaves,' occupied the latter part of the evening, and was fairly succeBBfoL The representaut of Lady Conyers acted with considerable grace and spirit ; but the debutante who undertook the part of May Rivers made too little efforts '. to throw life and reality into the r6le. Mr. J. Brown and Mr. 1?. A. Berry were fairly suc cessful aa Sir Conyera Conyers and hia scape grace son, but the character of Cecil Vane was far from attaining a proper realization at the hands of Mr. A. M. Berry. Every, good point which was made ia the course of the drama waa received with hearty applause and the bad were endured with resignation. ; Rose Pabk Congbegational Church.— On Thursday a conversazione was held at the new church at Rose Park, bnt the attendance was Email A very pleasant, evening was, however, spent. ' Tables were arranged round the room, and covered. with books; pictures, native' weapons^ and numerous other curios, that proved of great interest to the audience. The most attractive item was a powerful 'electric machine,' which was worked in one of the clasa-rooms. All sorts of figures were put into motion by it, and by contact with a globe of quicksilver Bplendid imitations of lightning were produced. Mr. D. B. Adam Bon,' who1. superintended its working,1 took: great' delight in showing the people .what the electrical power of the instrument waa. Recitations and Bongs were given at intervals during the evening by young ladies and gentlemen. . An English Radical on Home Rule,— Mr. E. A. Leatham ended a recent speech at Hudderafield with a passage of singular strength and eloquence (says the London Spectator). After remarking that some one would say, 'You forget Ireland,' he went on, 'I wish I could forget Ireland ; Ireland ia the skeleton in bur cupboard, and for the last few years the cupboard-door has stood open both night and day.' He maintained that our policy had been a just one, and that the next revulsion of feeling in Ireland would be on the^ide of reason and justice. ' We must persist in our policy of absolute and un faltering justice; but, on the other hand' there muBt be no trifling about the maintenance of the Union. Sincerely as I am attached to the Liberal party, and warm as ia my allegiance to those who lead it, I would renounce both rather than admit that upon this supreme and cardinal question it was possible to give way. The country which begins to parley with its own dissolution is lost. The obliga tion to maintain the body politic is vital ; it ia this which made the Americans of the North struggle to the death in order to main tain the Union, and the same obligation compel8 us. To maintain their great America whole and indivisible, the Americans of the North changed for a time their whole nature. God grantthat it may never be necessary for us to change ourselves. A nation of unmartial shopkeepers and of patient farmers became at once the most resolute, the sternest, and perhaps the fiercest amongst men. They flung economy to the winds ; they turned their backs upon prosperity; steadfastly they looked death in the face. Is it nothing— a sentiment which is so great that, it should so seize upon a whole people, and change and transform them at its pleasure? The whole world trembled with the shock and shuddered at the carnage. But they saved their country. And so, if the worst comes to the worst, we can save ourselves.' Such a passage aa thia. from a thorough-going Radical like Mr. Leatham, is worth a hundred such speechea from Conservatives as evidence of the hope lessness of Mr. ParneH's cause. The Selector's Guide to Queensland.— We have received from the Government Printer of Queensland a copy of a book con taining 128 pages of letter-press and_ numerous maps, published under the above title by the Department of Public Lands, Queensland, for ' the benefit of those who desire infor mation relative to land laws.' To this information is appended a short description of the land open for selection. The com pilation of the book seems to have been made very carefully, and its printing is highly creditable to the Government Printer. Immigration and Emigration. — The number of passengers .who arrived at Port Adelaide by sea from other ports during the week ended Saturday, December 8, was 173. Of these 157 came from Melbourne, 13 from London, 2 from Launceaton, and 1 from Hobart. The number who left the Port by similar meanp during the period was 360, of whom 258 went to Melbourne, 40 to Sydney, 29 to London, 21 to Port Darwin, 11 to Hong kong, and 1 to Noumea. River Levels. — The following was the state of the rivers at the undermentioned stations at 9 a.m. on Friday, December 14 ? — Oundagi, 1 ft. ; WagRa Wagga, 2 ft. 9 in. ; Hay, 3 ft. 6 in., falling ; Balranald, 7 ft. ; Louth, 2 ft. 9 in., falling; Tilpa, 3 ft. 6 in., falling; Wilcannia, 5ft., stationary; Men indie, 4ft. 2 in.; Pooncarrie, lft. Gin., rising ; Wentworth, 14 ft. 1 in. ; Echuca, 13 ft. 9 in. ; Euston, 17 ft. 3 in. ; Overland Corner, 11 ft. 5 in. Impenetrable Watch.— Mr. J. M. Wendt has just imported from Switzerland a novelty in the shape of a watch which is absclutely impervious to water. The watch ia on the keyless principle, and the casing ia exceptionally close. The crown i8 so fitted as to permit of the watch being wound-up in the ordinary way by turning the crown to the right, but a reverse action permits the crown to be fixed bo tightly that no water can get into the workB by way of the wind ing apparatus. The watch haa been working in water at Mr. Wendt's establishment for some time past. Cricket Matches. — To-day the match between the North Adelaides and Norwoods on the Adelaide Oval will be concluded, and the South Adelaides will play the Kensing tons. Flinders-street School. — A bazaar will be opened in this school by the Minister of Education this afternoon. Vital Statistics.— The number of births and deaths registered in the General Register Office during the week ended Saturday, De cember 8, were -.—Births— 81 males, 104 females ; deaths— 62 males, 42 females ; total, 185 births, 104 deaths ; excess of birtha, 81. District of Adelaide.— Births— 16 males, 25 f emales ; deaths— 26 males, 14 females ; total — 41 births, 40 deaths; excess of births, 1. 