! THE EABLY CHUBGH. " | Canoe Fszzsr, in Ms new work " The Early I Days of Christianity,'" holds tost Nero was \ toe Antichrist of toe Apocalypse ; and he I draws s vivid toetob of toe figure of this vilest ? m. Emperors ss ii must have essrsea to the psrseestied Church c A toe first generation. ? He says : — " A dark spirit vss walking in the \- house dt the Cessrs — a spirit of lust and ; blood wMeh destroyed every family in suecrion wife which they were allied. The OsaviL toe Ckscii, the DamiiiL toe Salmi, i were all hurled into mis er disgrace is toeir ? asxempt to s rale, fey intermarriage with the ; defflei race cf Julius, ' the dread summits of : Csssresi. power/ Ii has hem eH said that i no page even of Tariias has so sombre and j trssir an eloquence tile mere Siesszm j — 2-5__ »1 - I t 2 J v &0&Armat;\+ Afer gre&k; »y Uitaax- Xj>Lx£d UJE Oq&-aJU j e£ his two daughters, was sueseedsd by his natoew Aiusra s. who. in ordsina the I astessination of Csarion, the natural son of \- Julius by Cleopatra, extingsishei toe direct i line of toe greatest of the O&ssrs.; Augustus ; by his three marriages was toe father of but I one daughter, and that daughter disgraced | Ms family and embittered his life. He saw I his two eider grandsons die coder circsm- | stances of toe deepest suspicion, and bring < induced to disinherit the third lor the asserted f stupidity and ferocity of his disposition, was f suciseefed by Tihsius, who vras only his i stepson, &nd; had not a drop of Julian blood t in his vans. Tiberius had bat cue eon, who : was poisoned fey Ms favourite. Seianiis. before his own death This son, Drusae, left but one sen, who was compelled to commit suicide fey his cousin. Gains ; and one daughter, wht<se son. BubeSzus Plsutos, was pui to death fcy order n Nero, The marriage cf Germsnlcig, the sepisew of "Kberius. wish the eider A grip ulna, grand-d&ogh; vet cf Augustus, seemed so opei new bfopes to the Soman people and the imperial house. Garmsnicas was a prlr.fi== of courage, virtue, ana ability, and the elder Agrip- pasa, was one of the purest «nd nabtet women of her day. Of too nine phnr?" f this vxrtooss union six alone ptininn?. : On toe parents, and the three sans in . succession, toe hopes of Rome were But Germsnicas was poisoned by order of ; Tiberius, and Agrippins was mgriwyi fn ; banishment after toe endurance of top mr>gy I terrible angnish Their two ot Nero ; and Drusns, lived only long enough to dis grace toem selves, and to be forced to die -of starvation. The third was the inoosteGinis. Of the three daughters, top youngest, Julia Litis, was put to death by the orders of Messalins toe wife eff her uncle Claudius. Dfurilla died in procperots infamy, and Agrippma the youngo, after a life of crime eo abnormal ana so detestable h«t ft throws into the pfaade even toe monstrous erxm of many cf her eoBtemporaries, murdered hey hftelmnd, and was muidere3 by fee orders of fee son for whose safe top hc/i waded through seas of Wood. That eon was Nero 1 Truly the Palace of the Cesars must have h«=» haunted by many a restless ghost, uma j its vast and solitary chambers fee guilty lords of its splendour must have feared lest they should come upon some spectre weeping tears of blood. In yonder corridor the floor was still stained with the life-Mood of the murdered Gams j in that subterranean priscp. the miserable Drasns. t»nr»ing top name of his great- ancle Tiberius, tried to assuage h.p pangs - cf hunger by chewing tfep stuffing of his mattress ; in that gilded saloon Nero had his private interrfews with fee poison-mixer . Locusts. Whom he salsri«fi STTinmr 4 toe instruments of his government in feat splendid hall Britt&nmeos; fell into convul sions after tasting his brother's poisoned draught : that chamber, bright wife immortal frescoes of AreBins, witnessed the hrntal HpIt which caused the death of the beautiful Poppsa. Fir palace for the Antichrist— temple for tire wicked homas God !— a temple which reeked with fee memory of infamies— a palace which echoed wife fee j ghostly footfall of murdered men." Usually I vivid is the sketch Canon Fsrrar gives of fee first wild blast of persecution which KthVp over toe Infant ehorch. He writes: — <!Tadrcs tells ss that Those who confessed were first seized, and then on their evidence a huge multitude were convicted, not so much on fee charge of incendiarism as for tor hatred to J v - V 1 o « inrniifnytfi. uompTseG &M; ocsoirs ss tfeg sentence is, Taeitus Nearly means to imply by fee confession' to which he stUrmcc feg confession of Christianity : and though he is not snffrriently genertHis to acquit fee Christians abIutely of ail complicity in a great tais&s;, he distinctly says feat thev wue made fee srapegoats of a general indignation, i The phrase-' a huge muititode' — is one of fee few existing indications of fee nnmW of fee first pexseentum, and of the numbs of Christians in fee Roman When fee historian says feat they were convicted on the charge of hatred against mwfcwyi he shows how completely he confounds rhtm wife fee Jews, against whom he elsewhere" brings the accusation of hostile feetiitge low aids all except themselves. Thee the historian adds one casual but frightful eentehee which flings a dreadful light en the cruelty of Nero and the mob. He adds — ' And various f mans of mockery were added to enhance their- dying giwicB. Covered with the skins of vriH beasts, they were doomed to die by fee w«waipg of dngy, or by being nailed to crests ; or to be set an fire and burnt after twilight byway of sight! v illumination. Nero offered his own for this fed#, aad gave a chariot race, | mingling wife the mob in the dress of a i «haxsutBer, or actsmBy immg iboeff mmnmg 1 fi—w »_ Hetiee, gmttyaia fee viethne were, mad dtjjii.i ling of fee xont imttdiBx all, a laficg of cocspeioB kmfe than bgsn to rise, us mem dt flat they were bring iauntori not for any advantage to fee faaaMBWihh, hat : to glut fee savagery of a single matL Tuning feat awful scene tree witoesqpi by fee riknt obelisk in fee square before &L; 1 Peter's at Rome? Tmagme % feat we nmj zsalise how vast if fes change wtiieii Chrwfitnfty fare «zo(8 h fee feeBags of ; mankind. There, Where fee vast dome now j rises, were once fee gardens cf Here. They wee thronged with gay crowds, among whom the Emperor mured to his fnraioaf degrada tion — and on every ride were men dying j riowly on their cross sf dwmy. Along fee paths cf feoee eardeuc o& fee autasm Bsgfcts | were ghastly torches, Hsefaenfog 'fee ground beneath them wife sti earns of sah&mroBB; piteh, and each o£ those firing torches was a martyr in Ms shirt cf fire. And to the amphrfeesae hard by, to sight of twenty thousand spectators, faiuwtwd dogs were tearing to pieces souse of fee bed red pmcest of men and women, hideously disguised to the ski its at bears pr wolves. Thus did Nero baptise to fee bl&od; cf martyrs fee city wMch was to be for ages fee capital of fee world." 