"EILEEN" OGE." The members of the Gcelong Amateur Dramatic Clnb will make their third appear ance to-morrow evening in the Exhibition theatre, when they will produco Edmund Falconer's romantic Irish drama in four acts, entitled " Eileen Oge, or dark's the hour before the dawn." They will be assisted by Miss Marion Melrose and Miss Lizzie Dixon, two ladies of acknowledged repute intho theatrical world, and by Mrs Parker, who is so favorably known as a local amateur. Mr Gns Pierce has painted somo admirable scenery for the drama, including a vision scene, a representation of a hay-field, and an old mill, and the pnblic may rest assured that the stage arrangements will bo com plete and perfect. The performance is given in aid of the Ladies' Benevolent Association and the St. Augustine's Orphanage, both ob jects worthy of the best patronage, and a crowded house is therefore looked for. We nnderstand that about 000 tickets have been already disposed of, so that the institutions named are likely to be substantially bene fited by the efforts of the club in their be half. As a guide to the audience we append a brief outline of the plot of the drama :—"Eileon Moriarty, 1 whoso. father iB a tenant of Mr Lionel Loftus, is be trothed to Patriek O'Donuell, another tenant of that gentleman, and in the first scene Patrick arrives to escort his bride to church. Harry Loftus, a nephew of Patrick's landlord, is Bmitten with Eileen's charms, and to prevent O'Donnell marrying her he induces his uncle's steward M'Lean to give the young farmer notice to quit. Patrick remonstrates in a temperate letter, and M'Lean bribes a drunken, dissolute scamp known as Tim the penman to imitate O'Donnell's handwriting in a letter threaten ing to take Lionel Loftus life. A warrant is obtained for O'Donnoll's arrest, and the first act closes with his removal by the police, while his iuteuded bride falls fainting ill her father s arms. The seeoud act opens three years afterwards when Mr Moriarty, reduced to poverty, favors Harry Loftus' suit for his (laughter's hand. Father Ma hony, the parish priest, advises Eileen to act as her conscience dictates, and in her mental struggle between conscicuce and filial affection she sinks in a stupor upon a couch, and beholds a vision of her lover standing on an island in tho ocean and signalling a passing ship which at last notices him. The rush of joy at his rescue awakens her and she finds herself alone. In the meantime M'Lean has notified to Moriarty that he iutends to distrain for the rent, and this introduces thu hayfield scene, with its mirthful accompaniments of singing, dancing and whisky drinking. In the midst of the fun the bailiffs and police arrive to distrain, but tho peasants fight them with their pitchforks, and drive them out of tho field. Harry Loftus settles the matter amicably, and screens Moriarty from tho consequences of tho violence of his farm-servants, and as a result Eileen is induced to promise to marry him. O'Donnell, who has returned disguised, again appears upon the scene, and despatches a letter to his sister Norah, asking her to meet him at night in a deserted mill. Brian O'Farrell, his foster-brother, meets and recognises Patrick, and accompanies him to the mill. M'Lean intercepts the letter, reads it, and passes it on to its destination. He and a myrmidon named M'Shane visit the mill,and meeting O'Donnell take him off his guard, apply a drugged sponge to his face rendering him insensible and drop him through a trap door into tho stream below. Norah 0'Don-> nell rnshos in and see this, and M'Shane, thinking her a ghost, flees. M'Lean at tempts to murder her, but is shot down by O'Farrell, who arrives opportunely: In the last act Harry Loftus and Eileen are about to proceed to church, when the former is arrested (on tho information of M'Lean, who is also in custody) for being accessory to the steward's crimes, and Patrick, whose pardon has been gazetted, comes forward and claims his bride. Tho love passages be tween Bridget Magnire, servant to Moriarty, and Brian, and the hopeless passion of John Thomas, servant to Harry Loftus, for the fair Bridget, supply a copious current of fun, and, as the play gives scope for a dis play of acting, and has been carefully re hearsed, it ought to prove thoroughly suc cessful. 