[?] g — r . '7 . " - . Spflsjally collated and epitomised fojc Weekly I \i ; 5- i- k'- j .Chicago is tryipg to close her gambling dens in that city. The export of coal from Newcastle last Week w&b; 25.328 tons. The coalfieldsin Tennessee, cover an area of 5, 100 square miles. . The ZuluS are Btated to have believed that Cetewayo sent the comet to notify his return. The new suspension bridge across Niagara Biver is to be completed on the 1st Septem ber next. Sir Anthony Musgrave has been appointed to succeed Sir Arthur Kennedy as Governor of Queensland. France is said to contemplate another penal settlement at New Hebrides for the lowest class of convicts.. The English steamer Winton baa been recently lost' off Ushant, and thirty of those on board were drowned. One out of every ten of the inhabitants of Chester, England, has, it is asserted, joined the Blue RibboQ army. The enthronement of the Bishop of Adelaide was celebrated on Wednesday morn ing with great ceremony. A promising copper mine is reported to, have been discovered in the Champion Bay district, Western Australia. A new fleet of steamers has been built for the development of the coal trade upon the ' West Coast of New Zealand. It is reported that In the vicinity of- Merool Greek, N.S.W., wild dogs are committing greqt ha voo Among the sheep. French army surgeons allege that a great deal of the sickness among the soldiers is caused by the excessive use of tobacco. A remarkably large aerolite, weighing more than half a ton, recently fell at Aix, in the' Department of the Haute Garonne, France. Captain Hughes's legacy of £500. to St. Andrew's Presbyterian Church, Sydney, is to be devoted to the purchase of & memorial organ. s An edition of "Shakespeare" for acting purposes Is shortly to be published, with Mr. Henry Irving and Mr. Frank Marshall as editors. The 3»M.S. Parramatta, with English files to 26 th January, arrived in the Bay on Monday morning, within two days of con tract time. Mr. David Wright offers £25 reward to anyone who will find payable alluvial gold within three 'miles of the town of Barmed- man, N.S.W. '. It is announced that- the reductions effected in the American national debt during the past twelve months amount to no. less 75,G00,000dol. A mailman named John Elhors was recently swept away and drowned in the Star Biver whilst carrying the mails to Towns- viile, Queensland. A proposal is under consideration at Bome to establish Catholic colleges at Oxford and Cambridge, in England, to prepare Btndents or the universities. : Typhoid fever has made its appearance at Cardigan, and ophthalmia is prevalent in various parts of Ballaratshire and several other country districts. An acrobat named Warren met with an accident while performing on the tight rope in South Australia recently, and he is not expected to recover. On Monday several prisoners were flogged in the Adelaide gaol — one for criminally assaulting a girl under twelve years old, the others for assault and robbery. News has been received from Thursday Island via Cooktcwn that the London Mis- sionary Society's schooner Mayoi is a total wreck at Fly River, New Guinea. -The Diamantina country, in Queensland, towards the South Australian border, is attracting considerable attention, from the Success attending the well-sinking there. Archbishop Vanghan recently -Jaid the fouodation-stone of a new convent at Cooma, N.S.W., when £600 was aid on the stone, and £200 besides presented to his Grace. Strenuous endeavours are being made at Geeiong to have a candidate ready to oppoee Mr. Berry as soon as he .presents himself for re-election as Minister of a coalition Govern ment. At the Sydney Quarter Sessions on Tuesday David Sullivan and J. Hartley were each » sentenced to six months' imprisonment for impersonation at the late East Sydney eleotion. After the lapse of three-quarters of a century the colours lost at Buenos Ayres in 1803 are about to be restored to the 71st Regiment, now the 1st Battalion Highland Light Infantry. During the past year there were forty-one persons dismissed from the police force in New South Wales, twenty-five men were discharged, and ninety-five resigned their situations. Thomas Webb, carrier, of Nautin, Gipps- land, : was - recently drowned at ProBpeet Biver, Nine-mile Beach, while bathing. His body floated into the surf, and was with difficulty rescued. On Saturday morning, early, Constable Daviaeon fount the dead body of an infant wrapped in two pieces of old clothing on an unooenpied allotment of land near Separation street, Richmond. A fire broke out on Tuesday evening at Messrs. M Arthur and Co.'s wholesale drapery establishment, York street, Sydney ; but the Barnes were quickly- subdued before much damage was done. Mr. Andrew Brown, tesidingnedr Bowenfels, N.S.W,, recently presented spacious school buildings, "with sixteen acres , 'of ground Attached, to the councillors of St. Andrew's College , Bowenfels. A lad named Lloyd, ih the employment cf Mr. W. Douglas, of Inveralocby, N.S.W., while running-in a horse, was carried against a tree, and his skull was fractured, death being instantaneous. An American, named William Sehroeder, -fceeentiy drank ten whisky cocktails in five; minutes, to win a wager, at Denver, and his 1 iifewSsMyeJlTty ArepSM has heenprepared by the Railway Department showing -that, tot a period of twelvemonths the Presaf has paid £1,294 as freight on parcels, and during the same period £1,408 for passenger tickets. Thessaly hs been lor some time - past infested by hands of brigands. Tbe authorities have at length brought one of the most dangerous bands td' bay, and succeeded in killing tbe chief of the party. A miner, named . William ' Hepburn, who was coming down the ladder in the Jnst-in- Time Claim, Charters Towers, on Friday, slipped and fell 60ft., fracturing the lumber ' vertebra, and his cash is hopeless. . One of the theories propounded to account for the presence of opthalmia this season is that the flies have become inordinately numerous through their enemy the swallow being chased away by the sparxoWB. A guard on the Victorian Railways, and employed on the trains running from th® Ballarat West station, has sent in his resig nation, and announced his intention of join ing the ranks of the Salvation Army. The German Press have recently devoted considerable attention to the Irish question. They unanimously condemn the action of Mr. Parneli in not more decidedly disowning sympathy with the Phoenix Park outrages. A short time since at- a fashionable marriage in London — in which the bride groom was a member of one of the most aristocratic houses — several gentlemen who were guests wore plain gold rings in their ears. A fire occurred on Monday night at the . erockery warehouse of Mr. George, Barr, George- street, Sydney. The damages amounted to about £200, which is covered by insurance in the Australian Alliance Com pany The boilers of the steamer Josephine exploded in port at Susan Bay, Washington Territory, recently. There were twenty passengers on board, half of whom, with several of the crew, are reported to have been killed The death is announced of Lieutenant Graham Pirie, of the Gordon Highlanders, who was badly wounded while gallantly lead ing his men to the charge at Tel-el-Kebir. Lieutenant Pirie was only twenty-seven years of age The Ottawa correspondent of the Montreal Gazette asserts that a large number of arfcis≠ and others are coming into Canada from the United States, bringing their families with, them, for the purpose of settling. A company named the Australian Wine Association (Limited), with a capital of £10,000, in £100 shares, has been formed for the purpose of . encouraging the intro duction of Australian wine for sale in Great Britain. - Mr. ' Ernest Giles, the explorer, intends organising a grand final expedition to traverse the remaining unexplored portions of the Australian continent, and to endeavour to discover Bome more reliable traces of Leichardt. -- The Acting-Governor of Western Australia has reduced the sentence of twenty years' imprisonment which was passed upon Captain O'Grady, for the manslaughter of a Chinaman on board the Clarence Packet, to ten years. A prominent feature daring the cricket season of 1883 at Lord's, it is said, will be a contest at lacrosse between the North American Indian and the Canadian teams, expected to visit England daring the forth coming summer.. 1+. Constable Collier, while endeavouring to arrest a man at Potts Point, Sydney, recently, was attacked by the man, who struck him a violent blow on the head with a brick, and the constable was taken to the hospital in a state of collapse. At the Sydney Quarter Sessions on Friday, John Ryan, who had been fonnd guilty of the larceny of a chalice, the property of Dr. Quinn, Roman Catholic Bishop of Bathurst, was sentenced to two years' imprisonment with hard . labour. The jettisoned goods from the ship Beren- garia, which ran ashore at Barwon Heads early in February, ana are now lying at the bottom of the sea a quarter of a mile off the shore, have been pnrohased by a party of Geeiong speculators. The capital has been subscribed for the Anglo-Australian Cargo Steamship Company, which proposes to employ, eight or ten large cargo steamers for the Anglo-AnBtralian trade capable of making the passage in from forty- two to forty-six days. The Glasgow Herald says that it is estimated on excellent authority that the United + States borrowed 38f000,000dol. in Europe during the present year to aid in constrocting railways. A child, three years of age, named Trelvar, whilst playing on Saturday at Sandhurst, accidentally fell down a cellar, striking its head on a stone floor, and the young sufferer is not expected to recover. A cab-driver named James Quigley was thrown from his vehicle, at Sydney, on Mon day afternoon, and felHotbe ground, striking his head very severely, and died soon after admission to the hospital. At Yeovil fair recently a panic occurred in a show, owing to the fear of those present that a "performing Zulu" was going to assegai them. A number of persons were throtm to the ground and trampled upon, and the front of the show whs forced otit. The French police are making efforts to discover the perpetrators of a very clever robbery, by which registered- letters to the value of about £24,000 were tecently abstracted frqm the van of the express mail between Paris and Bordeaux. '"P Omaha women were rivals in the affections of the same Maori. One was .handsomer than the other, and seemed likely to win on that account, when the conditions .were changed by the plainer woman dashing vitriol in the face of her rival. Awarding to the Registrar-General's last ' " - ,'V- ' volume of New Zealand statistics, there is " one beggar " in the colony, and Nelson is given aa his dwelling-place. T helNr&en; Colonist pertinently inquires, who is it ? » John Cosgrove, aged sixty, was brought ; before_ the Sydney Central Police-court on Saturday, charged with shooting Elizabeth Wagner with intent to murder her. The woman still lies in the hospital in . a critical condition, and the prisoner waB remanded.; Having &tt;&ined; the dignity of a baronetage and passed his seventieth year, Sir Henry - Allsopp, head of the world-renowned firm of Burton brewers, has retired from that profit able position in favour -of his eons, the member for Taunton and Mr. A. P. Allsopp. Her Majesty's ship Harrier arrived at Zanzibar on 15th December, and reported the capture of a schooner with a number of slaves on board, who were owned by an Englishman, the commander of the vessel. He was brought back to Zanzibar a prisoner. The German Government has .taken - decisive action with regard to some lottery transactions which have Caused a great deal of stir at Berlin recently. No. less than 2,000 persons have been indicted for having - had transactions in forbidden foreign lotteries. . - - " For the lighting of Hell Gate by electricity the United States Lighthouse Board have decided that an electric light tower shall foC constructed at Hallett's Point with-a height, of -250ft., and to contain lights of 2Q,000 candle power, to be displayed from sundown to sunriBe. Ashooking accident occurred on Tuesday afternoon at James's sawmill, Wardell, N.S.W. A .man named Thomas Clifton, engaged in the sawmill, accidentally fell against the flywheel of the engine, and was - literally torn to pieces, death being In stantaneous. The Baron Miklnho-Maclay, the Russian naturalist, who is now on a visit to England, is about to return to Australia, where he intends to prepare for publication the journals in which he has embodied the results of his prolonged explorations in the islands of the Pacific. . . Th& weather is exceedingly dry, in thil Wilcannia district, and no stock are going to market on account of the scarcity 'of water on the travelling routes. The Govern ment are endeavouring to have wells and tanks constructed on the lines for travelling stock. An ojd man, named M'Artney, who resided at Spring-bank Creek station, near Horsham, has been arrested on a charge of incest. He is alleged to have frequently criminally assaulted his daughter, and it is stated that when she offered resistance he threatened to muffler hen The examination of the prisoners who were recently arrested in Andalusia in Connection with the Anarchist movement in France has resulted in the discovery of the existence of a complete organisation numbering over 5(1,000 members, and possessing ramifications extend- t ng over the whole of Spain. 1 A soldier was recently tried by court- martial at Lenmore Barracks, Gal way, for having left his post while on duty outside the gaol, alleging that he saw the ghost of Myles Joyce, which frightened him away, story was disbelieved, and he was sentenced to twelve months' imprisonment. The German Government has offered the: Duke of Cumberland the succession to the Duchy of Brunswick and a sum of 24,000,000 marks on oondition that he renounces his olaim to the Kingdom of Hanover. !Die reigning Duke of Brunswick, Willfahi I./ isr seventy-seven years old, and childless. The libel action in which Mr. De Mestre claimed £5, (MX) damages from the proprietors of the Leader newspaper for stating that the horse Gudarz was " puUed" in the Spring Handicap of the late V.B.C. Meeting, was concluded in Melbourne on Monday by the jtuy giving a verdict for the defehdants A despatch has been received at Perth, from the-Secretary of State for the Colonies, stating that he is willing to agree to the- recommendation of tbe Legislature that the grant of land to Mr. Alexander Forrest, in recognition of his Bervioes as an explorer, be increased from 2,000 to 5,000 acres. The police at Bogantnngan, on the Central Queensland rail way, vepori that a Chinaman named Ah Tcng has died from the effects of a blow on the head given him by. a rnim named Daniel Maker. The Chinaman was in the act of striking another man with » shovel when Maher dealt hirh the fatal blow. Mrs. Garfield is busy arranging a memoria room, set apart to contain relics and mementoes of . her illustrious husband, the late American President. The walls of it are covered with framed resoln tions and letters of sympathy, and there will he tables and cabinets loaded with «nm token. ' T A century since the Bawaiians savages and cannibals. Now there are over 300 telephone wires in use in the city of Honolulu, and the application of the telephone is general throughout tbe islands the plantations. Some of the planters am how cutting their cane at night with the ' aid of electric light. An old resident of Garisbrqok asserts that, the plague of fever which' hangs about that town is caused by the quality of the water, which, hdlittyti, permeates through the drift on which the town islbuilt, is full of fbsatyt:- , and pyrites, and when bottled decomposes In a few days, absolutely stinks, and destfqyd vegetables irrigated with it. Mr. ParneU's estate has recently beefi 4hg scene of another popular demonBtratidh; Several hundred people assembled; ' with hands, to plough his land, and a large stubble field adjoining his demesne was ploughed up veyquiokly, over 200 ploughs heingengace£ while in a field of twenty-one acres at Garry- more eighty ploughs were employed. It is now believed that the men Sheridan and Byrne, whose extradition has been denumdgd from jfche Governments of the United States and France respj&oti; velyj wiff , ShhSeSSSg<lP1d romplirity lp the outrages. It is noddfctc fe that Byrne pJLrads an aUbi in defence. wwt roagftdt Urates Autindia,wialS given were warming. Oh 7th February h hurricane took place at Yqmmelery Creek, Vreet of Cossack. , The pearling teasels Dinah and Kate were driven&ahore;, and tire squatters inland lost altogether about 1,000 sheep, which were drowned audbogged. A horrible murder of a inairtied woman mumnS Pontrido was recetij committed at Fresh Water Camp, near Shark's Bay, West x Australia. The decreased web found o&tside; her house in her night dress, with her throat eat, and her body otherwise mutilated. A oolonred "»»" named Jacobs has been com mitted for trial charged With the murder. About six weeks ago a celebrated and valuable horse named Uncle Ned, the property of Mr. W. M'Nickle, was stolen Eton his paddock, nearWallacefcown, N.S.W. It was gazetted as stolen, and the whole police force set in motion to try and traps it, yrtil arrest the offender. About a week since the horse was taken quietly back to the pyMnftk and left there. The latest novelty in bonnets is made of wash-leather. The . Warehouseman, and Drapers Journal expresses a hope that the twine- trimming which was fashionable some time, ago will be revived to adorn them with. There would not then be any really bad took. The shapes could be used to dean windows with, and the unravelled trimming ome in for tying up parcels. 'Burns, the man charged with the Wiokliffe murder, and recently tried at the Hamilton Assises, had a narrow . escape from being convicted. Eleven of the jurymen were for a conviction ; but 4>be evidence being wholly circumstantial, the twelfth man would not consent to sueh a verdict. He Intimated it Is said, that before finding Burns guilty on such evidence he would ' cat his boots." The Bev. W. R. Croxton preached a farewell sermon on Sunday, at All Saints' Church, Sandhurst. He was the first golifields' tiergyuu" q &oy; denomination in the Colony, and has been at Sandhurst twenty- three years. He stated that daring that time lie had baptised 7,000 infants, solemnised 700 marriages, and preached 2,000 sermons. Mr Croxton has been suparannuated, and goes to England for a trip. Milwaukee is described as being excited ever the arrest of a man who is alleged to have set fire to Newhall-house, and thus caused. so f earful. a loss of fife. His name is George Scheiler, and he was the lessee of the bar-room and was heavily indebted. The expected receipt of insurance money is beiievea to have been the motive for the orime. The populaii threaten to hang .him if they can lay hold ofhim. An important discovery has been made at. Wm Colliery, Buckley, Flintshire. Some men engaged at one of toe levels struck upon a. spring of nriaeral nil, which, on hung, tested, gave, it is said, ajmfiiant light, and produced less smoke than average oils. A nnthAT spring was disco vered on the same level cm a subsequent day. The supply from the WBlIa ia not at present oopiuus, but it is sufficient to inspire the hope that a new industry will spring up in North Wales. An extraordinary case was heard at the Adelaide Police Court recently, when a man named S. M'Donough sued a woman, named SToekolds for unlawfully detaining his wife, who was m the service of the defendant. The plaintiff asserted that he had applied frequently, but that the defendant had. refused to give his wife up. He therefore claimed £100 damages for her detection. A vsrdiot was given few defendant, ill-treat ment on the part of plaintiff being proved. Borne additional particulars regarding the fixe in the Berditcheff circus , have been published. It is now asserted that there were at least 2,000 persons iq the building at the time, and that, as it was the Russian New Year's Day, most of the people in the gallenre were drunk, the members of the fire brigade being in a similar condition. There Is said to be scarcely a family in Berditcheff has not one member among the killed, Who, it is now stated, number at least 500. Dr. Thomas lectured at the Royal Society, on Monday night, on hydatids. He Mated that on 15to hndlfith January he examined ten dogs which had been poisoned with prussio acid by the municipal authorities of Hoftham, and in all cases he had found hydatids. It seemed to him that the Victorian Dog Act was practioally not in operation. He thought a substantial tax should be placed upon dogs in the colonies, and that people should be taught the danger of drinking repute water. A very severe accident recently oocurred to Mrs. Thorold, an English tody, and Mr. Cross, an English gentleman, who were proceeding to Monaco in a phaeton. The hone, a very spirited one, when nearing the residence of the_ Doke d'Oldenburg, took fright,' and dashed over a precipice 160ft. high. Mrs. Thorold had her skull fractured, and Mr. Crews sustained very severe in juries. The Duke d'Oldenburg had the sufferers conveyed to his yilla, and oestowed every care upon them. Mr. Yirgoe, in company with a station hand, was recently catting out cattle at the Mathoara station, N.S.W., when a flash of lightning gtruck&n; oak-tree In.tbeir imme diate vicinity, and ntasn fee. The light- b»i then played round a steel chain on the waistcoat of Mr. Yirgoe, and suddenly struck the leg of the stockman with a loud report. Mr. Yirgoe thought the man's leg was op fire, but the current disappeared after a second, and left the man with bis. tqpoSere only slightly scorched. Mr. Yirgoe de scribed the sensation produced on him as if cold water were running 'down his back, tiolst the stockrider said he felt as if He had received a severe kick on the shin. , .An amusing incident occurred during the first performance of " Siberia" at Sah Fran- cisco. The BQene.is a settlement in Siberia the convicts have just successfully revolted, and s large sleigh miters bearing a courier with despatches. A short dramatic dialogue ensues, and the courier orders the driver to hasten on. But it was no go. No aperture had been made large enough to drive through, and the horse feecbmSBjS frijtobefixishmed to turn. PnUingaaff toeing were of ho avail; and eventually tife cmviote who were 1ri indiog had to" step out and lift the sleigh bodily off the stage. It disappeared ; and then the herb, thetoadaof the leYolt.eteppi hnwta maoto con vcdsedvritii laughter. TheblebtSon of amiahber to fill thevaeancy in the North Yarra Provinoe, caused by the retirement of Mr. J. T» Sumner, took place on Tuesday, and resulted in the elation of Dr. J. G. Beaney over B. G. King ny a majority of two to one. Mr. John B. Gecqjb, the temperance lecturer, has recovered his health, -and has recommenced- lecturing.' Mr. Gough is sixty-five years old, and has been lecturing for forty-one years. It is estimated that he has travelled 448,000 miles land delivered 8,480 lectures to no less than 8,500,000 persons. i lateb items. A branch of the Salvation Army is about to be established in Sandhurst. The probable yield 6f the Murray- Valley j Vineyaraie estimated at 200gal. per acre. The Egyptian troops in the Soudan have defeated the forces of the Mahdi, or false prophet. News has arrived by cable of toejdrath In . TSnghmd of Mr. J. fitOneo, the well-known and popular historian. A bill to prohibit pigeon shooting on the ground of its cruelty, has passed its second reading in the House of Commons, j James G&rey;, the Irish informer, has been formally expelled from the Dublin City Council, of which he was a member. ' Great Britain was visited by a destructive snowstorm on Wednesday, damaging much property, and causing many wrecks. Mr. John Anderson, traffic manager of the Victorian railways, has been granted twelve months' leave of absence on full pay, no a "count of ill-health. On the Richmond River on Thursday, Mr. W, Summers, chief officer of tbe steamer Coraki, while out in a boat sailing alone, fell overboard and was drowned. A miner named William Todd came by his desth on Wednesday through a fall from ; the poppst legs of the Cobban Park Gold. ; mining Company at Metcalfe. The stable and back premises of the Com mercial Bank at Tatura were destroyed by fire on Thursday, together with the contents, ' the loss being estimated at £75. ' George M'Donald, a carpenter at Cowra, \- N.S.W., fell from a hotel balcony, on Wed neaiay, where he was working, and sustained such injuries that he died soon afterwards, j The whole of the coffer dam was stripped Off the Austral on Thursday, and the work of «l«wtng the ship is proceeding, and she will be ready to be towed into dock in a day or two. Mr. T. W. Garrett, a well-known member ; of the late; Australian Eleven, has resumed his former position at Sydney as clerk of tbe Supreme Court in its ecclesiastical' jurisdic tion. i For the balanoe of the Victorian loan — ! about £3,400,000—teB ders have been re- I ceived from tbe English capitalists for £8,993,000, at an average premium of 3s. 6d. per cent. A fresh case of supposed small-pox has broken out amongst the crew of the Mexmmir, quarantined at North Head, Port Jackson, the patient being one of the native firemen of the vessel. The tote wheat harvest in South Australia has been the worst ever experienced in that colony, the average bang 4 butiiels 321h. to the acre — 2 bushels less than the average iff the previous year. A four- roomed cottage and Its contents situate at High sheet, Sandhurst, was destroyed by fire on Thursday. 11 Amongst the property destroyed were -several hundred mining scrip and a valuable piano. ! The new Ministry was sworn in before His Excellency the Governor on Thursday afternoon at the Executive Council | Chambers. Tbe Ministry contains six 1 Constitutionalists and four Radicals. The New Zealand Government have decided to Include Te Whitiand Tohu in the .recent general amnesty, and they will Ira released from surveillance and permitted to return home to Parihaka immediately. At Brisbane, on \fednesday, a boy named John Acton, who was driving a cart, struck with his whip at a boy who was pasting, but. overbalancing himself, fell bead foremost oh to the road, and fatally fractured his skull. ; At a recent meeting of the Bothexglen Shire Council, a fracas took place between the president and the herdsman, andrfn con sequence of tbe council taking the herds man's part, the president handed in bus resignation. The agents for the Westinghonse Brake Company hare formulated and forwwded to the secretary for railways a series of grave charges against Mr. Mirls, the locomotive ; superintendent of the Victorian Railway Department. A young fellow, a member of the notorious Hart family, made a desperate attempt to shoot a constable with a revolver at Sand hurst on Thursday, to present being, arrested for horse-stealing, tint the bullet missed its mark, and the young desperado was . secured. A singular incident took place in R wanston street on Wednesday afternoon. One of tile little elks being conveyed to the Royal Park escaped, and was hunted by the crowd along the roadway up to -an alley, where it was cap tared. The elk was a pretty tittle thing, nearly 3ft. high, without horns. Daring a recent dinner to Mr. Fitiiayson, editor of the South Australian Register, Mr. Fisher, J.P., in the course of his remarks, said that when he in years gone by was a membenjof the Begister staff, he had known nine libel notions and a bailiff in the office all at the same time, which was a very dif ferent -state of .affairs from that whjbh now prevailed. - The enthronement of Dr. Kenniou, the new Bishop of Adelaide, took place in. Jit. Peter's Cathedral, in that city, on Thursday, morning, in the presenoe oi & large congrega- tion, including hie Excellency the Governor and Lady Robinson, the Chief Justice, -chd other high officials. The bishop js stated to be a fine speaker, with a clear voice, free from mannerisms, and 6f a pleasant de meanour. 