Tiie ta Flag al tlie Cricket Match. Can anyone explain, .why, when the" Messrs. Redmond were'' at ; the ' Cricket Match, the Irish flag arid two American flags were flying on the 'Pavilion, 'sand nowhere the English flag?.. .On.!no other occasion that we remember was, that, green flag with the. harp and' the' inscrip tion Cead Millia Failthe on it; flyings, on;/ the Pavilion:; Who ,w;ere'/the hundred thousand welcomes', fori If they were for the cricketers) 'and hb tffor - the -sedition'! mongers, why was -the ' flag not hoisted., before? It has an ugly look; The .Protestaut Bishop aud the Churcli Congress.— Speaking . at Waterloo, the Bishop bt.Liiph'p'ool referred' to tlie yj.o.lpht.'atacks.mtde'upon him., at the., ChurchCongre8sandolspwl)ei'o for officiating, . in a Presbyterian! chureli in "./Scotland. .He ,r stated that the clergyman asked "hiiii to take" the service and to preachpand he did so. He. was not: aware of ahy law'tliat'he had broken. There was-ho" Ghurchiof. England, pi ace" to go to, and die i had' a perfect, right. to .worship 1 in a chnrch where, . the ,, Queen worshipped': whilo in Scotland. . . .. . Auricular . vf Confession by Telephone. — A -discussion is going on. among liomap Catholics as to. whether auri cular confessions may be ilieard by telephone ! The , Weekly Register , devotes, a ,1 eadingarticle to the subject, in!, which it rciiiaiks :-77" Cbn- fession by a/speaking tube through a Avail— confessor 'and penitent being r.in adjoimng/ robins— would, it. appears, be,, universally acknowledged, as .valid ; and .if. a' tube may be the means of establishing moral, presence, why not, a. telephone.?"- But the Weekly, Register says nothing about conveying the- priests', absolution by telephone. Is it possible - to convey pardon of sins, and open heaven by telephone? The question is both interesting and amusing,! .. Perliaps tlie Ritualists will favour us with their opinion. Auotiier Ritualistic Per- vert.— The1 Rev. Mr. "Brown, said to" be Curate of Clower and Chaplain of Clcwor Sisterhood, has just seceded to the Churcli of Rome: It has been well said that Ritualistic churches are but so many schools, where the scholars are educated for ;awhile in prepara- " tion for the great University of Rome, to which latter place the more logical always go to .finish their education in the mysteries of priestcraft. Tlie R. C. Church aud Edu- catiOU.— The Ultramontane Bishop whose cathedral is at Sal ford has addressed a letter to the priests who are managers of schools in his-dihne.Be, '.in 'tlie course of i. which' lie. states ' that " Pope Leo Xlll. declares that tlie ele-:! mehtary education of the people is a purr, of the pastoral office." . ThelBishop might with truth have added that the; Popes, claim tor the " pastoral, office" the exclusive. right to iregu-i-' late the, seen lar . -education :ot all baptized;, Christinus, Protestants .included-...: Nothing, lessithan. this .will , ever, satisfy, llie church of , Rome either in England or. any other country. , The sad results of leaving the .ediicatiou.of tlie people in the hands of tiie priesthood are to bo seen in France to-day, where a wide spread crop of infidelity has sprung up from the educational seeds long since planted by the. priests. " The Sentiuel aud Orange and.;: ; Protestaut ; A.dyocate,". published weekly at Tiinaru, New Zealand, has been recognised as the official organ of tlie Loyal Orange Institution of the Middle Island of New Zealand,, and, though it has only ; reached the,. eighth number of its first volume, it has already had the distinguished honour of a loud denunciation from the altar of the Roman Catholic chapel at' Tiinaru;' ;, It ; must have touched the priest on the raw some-'" where: - : iMore power, .to i it if ; it> make's those gentlemeni more particular . to: lead holy -lives.-, A, .little. -counter, -.irritation does: goocLsonie-,, ; times, |ftnd, in Tiinaru and . elsewhere .it may': , heal the diseased spot it has touched. We wish our young contemporary a long and ' prosperous career, fulfilling tho promise of its youthful vigour, aiul that it. may ' continue to' be a thorn- in the side : of all unholy men : and ; organisations.. ... , Ah, Caution to Newspaper Proprietors;— Proprietors ot provincial no wBpapers,. whether daily or weekly, should,, . be careful in the choice of editors, unless they wish . their papers to become the moans , of V supporting 'the. cause of. Romanism in their respective localities. Several instances Have recently taken 'place proving the1 necessity for this caution.b .There- is. anibrganised; plan -on : the part of .tlio Churohi of ,Rom'e ;in Engand tOiSupp.ly-itoieyerynewspaper an ,oditor..of rer . porter favourable to ;the cause of the/Vatican. The , danger r,is considerable rind/often,, uti- . noticed/" lf. ' 5 ' ; 'V; / ' : i preacliing/a Crusade of Mur der. — lii' ilie speech Mr. 'Diivitt 'delivered at;\Navan:on'th'o'lasMorid(ty'in'rN<)VGimbef!'tb>''' the; easily. excited populace, he used, language, and; " pjled up the agony, Viiinnfi wtiy wlfich > could have nq meaning but; to -urge' thein to!,, go at ,onco on tho holy; . mission, , of idoafiiig! : death and destruction ..throughout , the' land. If/would be difficulty peibapstq ihstahco Ian- , . gunge' of iiiore fearful import' arid "breathing , more ' direful threhtenings, ' delivered byrahy ' other seditionmonger or rabid stu nip-orator, than is concentrated .in the following few lines, which constituted the close of Mr. Davitt's speech at Navan at the end of No vember : — " From the homes of 200,000 starving people ; from the graves of millions of our race ; from the depths of the wide Atlantic ; from the shades of murdered land lords, as well as from those of their famished victims — aye, from the regions of the damned, where souls are expiating the crimes that wero born of Irish landlordism, come shrieks of supplicating agony demanding the destruction of Irish landlordism. Let it perish, then, while the execrations of the damned form its fitting requiem ; and may the hate and ven geance that have been born of its accursed actR and that have defamed the character of this old Christian land sink with it into the depths of an infamous and everlasting ob livion!"' The very reading of this violent and unrestrained language creates a sensation of terror, and it was delivered under the coun tenance of a Christian Bishop, Dr. Nulty, the Roman Catholic prelate of Mnath. Payment of Irish Land League M.P.'S. — Mr. Louden, a mem ber of the Irish Land League, has been denounced by Mr. Harrington. Mr. Louden gives the following explanation of the motive of the attack : — " I have earned for myself the unconcealed hatred of the members of Parliament who were living, or. who sought to live, at the expense of the Land League funds. Upon one occasion Mr.T. P. O'Connor endeavoured' to obtain 'for a certain M.P. a salary of £700 fier annum. Through my opposition lie failed. . . . . For tlint opposi tion Mr; T; P. O'Connor, M.P., has never forgiven me ; from that day he was my bitter enemy, but I Rbnll not retrret the enmity of Mr. T. P. O'Connor and of the clique.to which he belongs, if by my action I have saved even a shilling for the starving wife or child of an evicted tenant." How much does Mr. Redmond, M.P.,' require for his services ?" X. S. Wales Association for the Defence of Christianity. — A meeting for the adoption of rules for the guidance of the new formed society, to be called "The, New South Wales Association for the Defence of Christianity," was held at the Temperance Dall on Friday evening Inst. The Rev W. Taylor occupied the chair, and there was a fair attendance of ministers and laymen, representing the various denomina tions. The rules were- amended and passed. Members were enrolled at the close of the meeting. Pull of all Subtlety.— The following extract from the Weekly Register is an illustration of the ability of 'the Vatican to blow both hot arid cold almost in the same breath,' and to throw any amount of dust in the eyes of Englishmen. A few weeks ago the Vatican sternly forbade tho " unauthorised interference " of Irish priests in political movements and meetings, v The order was plainly intended' to persuade Englishmen tlint the Church of Rome discouraged' the Land League agitation. Now that the order has, to a certain' extent, served its purpose, the mask is thrown aside, and Popery once more appears in her true colours, as the foinenter of every agitation designed to injure this Pro testant country. "As a concession.''. writes the Weekly Register, " to the general feeling of the Catholic priesthood throughout Ireland, a modification has taken place in the inter pretation of the Rescript from Rome, pro hibiting the unauthorised interference of the clergy in political movements. All the Catholic Bishops,' with the exception' ' of tho Cardinal Archbishop of Dublin, have extended a general permission to the priests of their respective dioceses to take part both in the Mansion House Evicted- Tenants' Aid move ment and in tho now organisation founded by Mr. Parnell and his friends, and known as the Labour League and. Industrial Union. It is thought in some quarters that the granting of such a permission is an act of political rebellion on the part of Irish Bishops against the dictates of the Vatican; but this is altogether unlikely. No doubt it is the result of a secret understanding between the Vatican and the Irish prelates. The Freeman's Journal, Dublin and Sydney. — The tele grams tell us that Carey, the Popish Town Councillor, traitor, assassin, and informer, lias revealed the fact that the murder of Mr. Burke in the Phoenix Park was decided. on by the Assassination .Committee,' after the i ap pearance, of 'a certain article in the, Dublin Freeman s JoumaL Our readers will remem ber that the attempted assassination of the Duke of Edinburgh occurred similarly after certain articles in the Sydney Freeman's Jour- nal \ O'Farrell likewise professed to act under the direction of a committee. There is a misty analogy. > Perhaps the Kiama ghost was real murderous "flesh and blood, after all 1 Correction. — iii last (Standard some thing was said about a prize-fight, on or near the grounds of the Temperance Hall, , Wattle Flat. The word " prize" should not have been used, as it was not alleged that there was any wager. We are sorry that the word slipped in. Too Sure Of it. — The Evening News is sure the leaders of the Land . League knew nothing about any nasty jvork' carried on under the auspices of that disgraced combina tion. Such respectable people.' Carey— one of themselves— says .they did ; but of course .. the News knows better than Carey. . Was the ' Netos in the secret, or is it merely doing the old job of business, with a view to : — — ? The Pope and Ireland.— The : Moniteur de Rome, which is supposed to re flect the Pope's views, admits the great ser vices rendered by Mr. Gladstone to Ireland, but declares that Mr. Gladstone would nevor have succeeded had he not had the support »f the Church and the Pope. " We shall never quesliun the generous iniiiulivu ui' ihe- eminent statesman who presides over the political destinies of England. It is not we who will question his title to gratitude and consideration. Mr. Gladstone has served the cause of humanity." " But," observes the Moniteur, "we believe that tho measures carried out by Mr. Gladstone would have proved powerless had not the Church inter fered and instructed the hearts of the people. It is many years since such an example of the power of the Church has been given. Was it not the Church who, addressing to the bishops, the clergy, and to the people of Ireland words of moderation, calmed tho minds of the faith ful, and severed the bulk of the people from the revolutionists ?" Wo would also ask whether the Church instructed tho hearts of the people to become cold-blooded murderers, assassins, and, despite tho absolution of the priests we say, liars even on the scaffold. The Church which has instructed the hearts of "the bishops, the clergy, and the people of Ireland" to do those things has on awful account to render. TItey want to plead as pau pers. — The Roman Catholic University, situate at Stephen's Green, Dublin, appears to he suffering from want of funds to carry on its work. To add to its difficulties, the Irish Roman Catholic Bishops have ordered that the usual collections in its behalf made in the various chapels throughout Ireland shall henceforth cease. It is somewhat difficult to ascertain what the motive could have been which has led the Bishops to take such a stop ; but it seems probable that it has been done with a view to forcing the Government to grant State aid in money to an institution never remarkable for loyalty to tho British Government. Tlie Religion of the Future. — A pamphlet with this title has been sent us for notice. It has tho second titlo of "The Higher Law of Truth and Light." Tho Bible and the God whom it reveals are in this author's view quite objectionable ; but we are led to believe that tliiB arises chiefly from his complete ignorance of what the Bible teaches. For, like most of his kind, he is fond of making a statement as if it wero found in the Bible, and then despatching it, tho Bible being entirely innocent of it. Take oho instanco only out of scores. Intending to discredit St. Paul's " scheme of salvation," ho says, "If tho sufferings of Jesus wore an ample atonement only for the sins of the few who have been elected through grace, &e.;" St. Paul says himself a hundred times in effect what ho says more than once in tho shortest and plainest sentence, "He gnve Himself a ransom for all," "Not for ours only hut like wise for the sins of the whole world." A writer who proceeds to disparago a book by inventing the faults he censures is scarcely worth , the trouble of criticising. Whatever " l.aw" lie' follows, it is not " the higher law of truth and light." Tlie New League and tlie Old.— The following is tho extract of Mr. W. Redmond's speech, which was referred to as being under the consideration of the Government with the view to the prosecution for treasonable language : — " When the work of the New League is completed, when land lordism shall be no more, and when we shall have' a Parliament in Dublin wisoly legislating for Ireland: — I say if there is any more to be done— (cheers, during which some words were not heard). I Raj', as a Nationalist, that no man vcarns more than I do to see Ireland a free rintion, untrammelled by anjr shadow of British law. but I say to you that no league will do that— it can only be accomplished by the swords and united arms of the Irish people. I have some belief in constitutional agitation, but greater still is my belief in the sword, for history teaches us that no country ever gained her liberty without using the sword. (Cheers.) _ While I hold that I am as advanced a Nationalist as any. man in this country, I say the only medium for working for' Ireland now is the Irish National Lriagrie. I say that we are living in an oppressed country, and under a tyrannical and rotten form of Government, which must fall. I say revolution will come, but in the meantime, use peaceful agitation. It is the only weapon with which you can strike your enemies. Revolution miist come, and I say it is the duty of every man, not only. in Cork, tut in all Ireland, to prepare for. that revolution, and when the day comes may it be said that rebel Cork was never backward in the, marcli for liberty and peace." (Cheers.) Food for Powder.— The cable brings news that O'Donnell (whoever ho is) proposes Irish (Celtic), recruits for aid to the French in case of war. Wo suppose he means in case of war with England, which is certainly a very remote and improbable con tingency. If with Germany what a, delight- furcqnsumination if the whole breed would ship off to France, and get dealt with by the Germans. There might then bo some hope for poor Ireland. We should then chant the old chorus with delight, " O'Donnell aboo," although we do not pretend to know what " aboo" may signify. Facts About tlie Land.— Mr. Gf N.' Griffiths has' provided a clean and suc cinct account of the effects on settlement, and production of tho present Land Act, for several successive years. Tlie result is rather startling.. There, is also a, very . clear view given of the enormous cost of survey ' and management in proportion to the receipts for land. This'iricreasing amount arrives this year at ' the ! large sum of £478,178. . Mr. Griffiths advocates a complete revision of the land laws, and meanwliilo suspension of sales of all kinds. He complains that " in ten years 17,903,480 acres were sold, with the result that . only . 190,434 more acres were brought into cultivation." This is not of | lUult" a di.-panigcment, for if the acres were producing wool or meat instead of wheat and maize, and producing it to better profit, there would be gain, and not loss. Profitable exchangeable production is the test, not any particular species of it. Wheat yields a very poor profit per acre. Our Girls. — A native of Sydney, Eva Thompson, who has been studying for the past three years at tho Royal Academy of Music, London, where there are over 450 pupils, more than 250 of whom are females ; at her last examination was so successful as to win two medals, one for singing, and one for the pianoforte ; while for Arts she obtained 100 marks out of a possible 100, for which she received a certificate as a double first class, and was congratulated by the Chairman of the Boar(l of Examiners (Dr. Hullah), sho being the first female who had gained the maximum number oi marks. She is- -still prosecuting her studies at tho Royal Academy of Music, an(l will probably visit , the Continent ere she returns to her native land. It will be remembered that this talented j'onng lady a few yenrs affo, though then quite a child, played the organ at the great service in the Exhibition Building on the Sunday preceding the 12th July demon stration of that. year. Miss Eva Thompson is a daughter of Mr. Robert Thompson of Surry Hills. Our Boys.— Mr. J. Hubert Murray, son of the late Sir Terence Aubrey Murray, formerly President of tho Legislative Council, after having held the position of. captain of the Sydnej' Grammar School for more than two years, and become possessor of the much coveted " Knox prize," which he won on two separate occasions, gained, whon only 14 years of age, the "Fairfax" prize at tho Uni versity junior examination, and subsequently enrriod off the University senior prize and the "John West" medal. Since then he has en tered tho lists in tho old. country and entered the University of London, where he, won a Foundation Scholarship to Magdalen College, Oxford. Proceeding to Alma Mater he there gained a demiship of £95 per annum for five years, and, in the following year, tho " Hollier," a prize of. the value of £60 per annum, ; available for one year only, and granted at the London University. By the last mail, intelligence of his further, success has been received, lie baying gained first- class honours in " Mods." Mr. Hubert Mur ray has entered the Inner Temple, and will pursue his studies for the bar. 