BIBLE CHRISTIAN DISTRICT MEETING. The Adelaide Distr'ct held its annual meeting at the Bible Christian Church, Bowden, od Tuesday, 6th, Wedaesday, 7th, and Thursday, 8th. Tbe following ministers were present:— Eevs. J. Trewin (Chairman). J. Stej*!, K. Lang, James Way, J. Boberts, T. Hill man, T. Allen, J. Hancock, sen., H. Mason. Dr. Baggarr J. Foster ; Representatives— Messrs. J. G. Ashtoa, T. Richards, W. Holland, VT. H. Badford, and Stevens. The meeting opened is the usual manner. The Bev. J. Stoyel was appointed Secre tary, and the Bev. B. Lang Journal Secretary. In a discussion on the advisability of uniting the Adelaid9 and Mitcham Circuits, it was urged that as several of the local preacbera connected with the Adelaide Circuit took part ia. the religious services of the Mitcham Circuit, ifc was-adsisabife- to unite in order to have larger quarterly meetings, believing that more interest in the work would be brought about thereby. The union; of the Circuits was asked tos by the respective quarterly meetings of both Circuits. A resolutioaas follows was passed : — ' That we respectfully recommend the Conference to unite the Adelaide and. Mitcham Circuits in accordance with the wish of 1 their quarterly meet ings, believing the consolidation, and advancement of. the Bible Christian Church in the city and suburbs would bs promoted thereby.' A comaiittee was appointed to consider tbe neces sity of a rearrangement of the suburban circuits as to the best and most comcrehensive system, of work ing the Churches. The 5&rth; Adelaide Circuit forwarded a request, asking that the mission should be continued ; also a resolution to the effect thatisuch raquest should be forwarded to the Conference.. A reqnest was received from the-Ealaklava Circuit .respecting the alteration of boundaries of tbe Bala fclava and Gawler Plains Circuits.. Resolved, that it be forwarded to the Conference. Ihe following resolution on tie pastors' reports viB3 adopted :—' That, having heard the pastors' reports of the various Circuits, we 2nd that whilst there are some things of a hopaiul character yet on tne whole spiritual matters- ar» not so buoyant as in some former years. We reicioe that rnaoy of our adherents and friends-are- still contending for the faith once delivered to the saints, are firmly attached to- the Church of their choics*. aad are striving to advance its interest. . Special reference, on the other hand, has been mada- bo- the increase of for malism in our Churches— thai asan- professed members do not appear to. understand that the Kingdom of God is righteousness, peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost. Worldlisess, love of novelty and pleasure, have a stronger holtl on the minds of many than tbe love oA Christ, and the ordinances of religion. Wethiabthe tinre- has come when some thing more definita and saiaH&ctory; is required a9 to the mode of making, oerr return of members, as some now reported assscbiare negligent in respect to divine ordlnaacefi.' An expressioa & symjtashy with thesnperannuated ministers, some of whonLaje in feeble health, was passed. The aieeting. folly recognised the valuable .. services rendered by ihasa during the past year ia, the Circuits ^here tfcay reside. A resolution, of; tha.- Adelaide Quarterly Meetira. recommending the sale- ef the Young-street ChuzcJi and the minister's* residence, ia Franklin-street, was adopted and passed on to tbe Conference, pro viding that a more suitable site be obtained. A fire insurance aob*me from the last Conference, for the consideraiam, of the various District Meet ings, wa^iavousibly received, but it was thengbt desirabla that 3fc should be extended beyond, /:oa nexionaJ uropttby ii possible. The Gfiapel schedules showed that th-si« are twenty-nine csnaexional test properties in the Adelaide, District Twa new CHujches had been btnlt drijng the year-^one at JIaviands, the other at CudJee Creek. Ihetetal cost of the latter was £428, an£jthe debt has.been extinguished. The total income- on all Church properties in the disirict for the, year was £1,911 4s. i expenditure, £2,235 3s. 5d. After lecioniDj tbe cost of new erections said working expenses the aggregate debt was £12£2§as than last Sear. * The Sunday-school Secretary/s repsii showed that there were 2,405 books in the libraries, 129 teachers, and 1,170 scholars. The income far. the year was £253 15s. 2d ; expenditure, £237 5s. 13d. A resolution turning on ministerial appointments for the ensuing year, and also tie- appointment of members to the Conference, antSa few other items. 01 a formal character closed tne session. On Tuesday evening a puttie- service was held ti the Church, and the Bev. J^ Ire\rin preached the District Sermon. At the ciose of the service fche sacrament ol the Lord's Supper was administered. On Wednesday evening a pnblic meeting took place, at which the Bev. JL Trewin presided. Ad dresses were cdven by the Bevs. J. Stoyel, H. 2iason, B. Larg, and Mr. J. G. Asbton. 