THE CORONATION OF THE CZAR. Trn magnificent ceremonies attendant upon the coronation of the Emperor and Empress of all the Russian commenced at seven in the morning of May 27, and the inaugura tion was announced by the ringing of hundreds of bells and by the thunder of artillery. Even at that early hour the streets were thronged with people, visitors from abroad, and from other parts of the empire crowding the residents and all striving to fina eligible places from which to view the procession and such parts of the ceremony as the particularly favoured might be able to witness. During the entire night there was unusual activity on the streets, for. nriot only were people there .whose anxiety concerning the coronation kept them awake, but strong guards of soldiers patrolled all parts of the city, giving the streets a very martial appearance. Great bodies of soldiers shortly before six were stationed along the route of the procession, some four miles in length, and occupied the streets on either side, keeping the people on. the walks. All unreserved spaces on the streets were speedily filled by the eager sightseers, while the windows, doorways, and housetops were let out at fabulous prices, to visitors. Those dignitaries of the realm who were to take part in the actual ceremony assembled according to the pro. arranged programme at the cathedral of the Holy Assumption within the walls of the Kremlin. Those functionaries entered the magnificent building at 7.80 a.m., and about eight there followed in order the princes of foreign governments, the nobility of Russia and other states of Europe, and the special and regular ambassadors of foreign countries residing in Russia. When the white walls of the wondrous place, the inolosure of the Kremlin, inclosed all of the crowd that could be admitted, the choir of boys chanted the To Deum, and amid profound silence outside the church as well as in it, the clergy, accompanied by acolytes bearing the cross and ewer of holy water, \- proceeded to receive the Czarovitoh. This scion of royalty, who was in the midst of a brilliant cortege, took his place at the right hand of the'throno. When the imperial procession started it was made, known to those inside the cathodinal by the renewed ringing of bells, by sonorous musiofrom scores of bands, and by'the shouts of those outside. As the royal pair appeared at the doors of the palao the immense multitude immediately uncovered their heads and burst into loud aicolamations; even women wore there, and the enthusiasm was spontaneous and hearty. At the head of the royal procession, which now entered the Kremlin, was the master of ooremonies, flanked by heralds richly clad and mounted upon pure white horses. ' The prqgossion was of immense length and comprised deputies from the Asiatic States of the' empire, students of the university, the b"clergy and judges, the nobility and profoots from every section of the empiro. Who?i its front' ranks rached tho. dooi of the palace it was met by the Emperor, wearing, a white uniform of a colonel of the Imperial Guard, and the Empress, dressed iui'tho Russian national costume of black vilvot, richly embroidered with diamonds and girdled with 'a bolt of precious stones. The' Empross leaned on theo arm of her. royal consort. The pair placed themselves beneath a canopy, richly wrought in silk and gold, and borne by thirty-two generals of, hliigh military rank. They then took 'their place hear the head of the procession, beoig 'directly after the regalia. At this moment the entire body of clergy emerged from the cathedral in order to meet the rogalia, which they publicly sprinkled with holy water and perfumed with incense,. Tpon entering the portals of the cathedral, the Emperor and Empress wore received by the metropolitan of Moscow, the metro. politans of Novgorod and Kioff, who pro. sontoed to them the cross to be kissed, and sprinkled them with holy water, first the Emperor and then the Empress. Before the sacred images, which flankool the doors of the.cathedral, they knelt and bowed their heads, after which they woro conducted to the ancient thrones of Ivory and silver. Alexander occupied the historical throne of the Czar Vladimir Monomagoro, while the Empress was seated in an arm-chair, gilded and ornamented with jewels. The thrones weore placed on a dais erected between the two middle columns of the cathedral, and ovor the dais was a canopy of scarlet voletr, susponded from the arched roof, embroidered with' gold and lined with silver brocade, which was worked with the arms of Russia and all her dependencies in the most ingenious manner. In front of the thrones were two tables covered with gold cloth, upon which Wore placed the crowns, orb, and sooptre. None but foreign princes weo'o accommodated witllh onts. The Rus. sian princes and' dignitaries stood du7rig tho ontiroe ceromony. According to the custom of the Groeek Church, the dignitarioes :: of the realm, who carried the standard and seals of the empire, took their stand upon the stops ofthe dais. After their Majostios had beeoon oeated, the metropolitan of Nov. gorod asked the Emperor in a loud and distinct tone of voice,-" Are you a true believer ?" The Emperor, falling on his knees, road in reply and in a clear voice the Lord's prayer and the Apostles' Creed of the Greek Church. The metropolitan responding, said : " May the Grace of the Holy Ghost remain with thee," and descended from the dais. The customary summons was then three times repeated by the bishop. After reading selections from tile Gospel, the Metropolitans of Novgorod and Kieff again ascended the dais and invested the Emperor with the imperial mantle of ermine, the Metropolitan of Moscow saying at the same time, " Cover and protect thy people as this robe protects and covers thee." The Emperor responded, "I will, I will, I will, God helping." The Metro politan of Novgorod, crossing his hands on the head of the Emperor, then invoked the benediction of Almighty God upon him and his reign, and delivered to Alexander III the crown of Russia, which hoe placed on his dwn head, and assuming the sceptre and orb he took his seat upon the throne. He then returned the insignia of his title to the dignitaries appointed to receive them, and called the Empress, who knelt before him. He touched her head lightly with his crown, and then formally crowned her with her own crown. The expression and atti tude of the Empress as she knelt was one of sympathy with her royal husband, and touched deeply the audience. The Czar preserved throughout a grave and decorous dignity and nobleness of demeanour which also provoked the admiration of all. After the Empress had been duly invested with the Imperial mantle, and their Majesties were both seated on their thrones, the arch deacon intoned the Imperial titles and sang Domino Salvum fao Imperatorom, which was taken up and thrice repeated by the choir. Directly this part of the ceremony was finished the bells in all the churches of Moscow rang out in chorus, a salute of 101 guns was fired, and inside the cathedral the members of the Imperial family tendered their congratulations to their Majesties. The Emperor then knelt and recited a prayer, at the end of which the clergy and all knelt before the Emperor. The Bishop of Moscow said aloud, in behalf of the nation; a fervent prayer for the happiness of their Majesties. Shouts of "Long live the Emperor" then rent the cathedral, and were taken up by the thousands outside and carried from mouth to mouth until that part of the multitude which was unable to get inside even the ample acreage of the Kremlin, caught the sound, which waved in a huge volume of human gratulation to the remotest parts of the city, when it was speedily made known to all the world that another Czar of the Russias had beeo crowned. The cathedral choir then sang a To Deum, after which the Emperor ungirted his sword, and, accompanied by the Em press and numerous dignitaries, proceeded to the gate of the sanctuary. There the Metropolitan of Novgorod anointed the Emperor's forehead, eyes, nostrils, and.lips, ears .and breast, and hands, at the same time exclaiming, " Behold the seal of the Holy Ghost. May it keep thee over holy." The empress was anoint'id only onh her fore. head. Both partook of the sacrament, and then left the cithodral, wearing their crowns and mintles, the Emperor also bearing the sceptre. and orb. . After prayiog in the cathedral of lMichael the Archangel, their Majesties returned to the palace, escorted by the procession, which presented even a more splendid sight than that which escorted them to the cathedral, being now augmented by the gorgeous state carriage of the Imperial family. Banners waved from all points in the Kremlin, and the whole route of the procession fairly glowed with bright draperies and hangings. The Emperor re.entered the palace by the cele brated red stairoase, from whence the laws were anoiQntly promulgated. There he turned and saluted the people, who immedi ately uncoovered their heads, cheering en thusiastically ahbd blessing the Czar. The Imperial banquet began at 8.80 p.m,, in the hall palled GranovittaiaPalata. This hall was especially restored for the occasion, and was splendidly decorated with cloth of gold; The Emperor and Empress, wearing,their orowns, sat at separate tables on thrdnes of unequal height. Their Majesties were served by distinguished nobles, noting as oup-bearers, carvers, &0. The first toast was "His Majesty thi Emperor,'"which was followed by a salute of sixty-one guns. Next was "Her Majesty the Empress," followed by fifty-one guns; the third was "The Imperial Household," followed by thirty-one guns, and the fourth, was 'TThe Clergy and all Faithful SBibjects," followed by twenty-one guns. The foreign princes and diplomats present stood during theo first course, and afterwards, in naccord ance with anoiont oneustom, withdrew to a separate repast. The weather was fine throughdut the day, and everything'passed off successfully. The cost of the coronation is estimated at £2,000,000, which will be covered by an issue of treasury bills. Only thirtoon newse paper correspondents were allowed inside the cathedral during the ceremony-six Russian, seven foreign, the latter including one English and one American correspon dent. An academy professor and twelve artists have been appointed to malo a com plete album of the events of the coronation. The Kremlin-square was so densely packed it would have been impossible for any mis ereant to have extricated his arms should he have intended to use them against the Czar. The Times correspondont, the only Eng. lish newspaper represented in thoe cathedral, says the cerelnony was "so grand and im posing that my pen can give only a dim and imperfect impression of thn event." ThIe illumination at night was magnificent, and the city looked one mass of variogated fires. A lady had in iher employ an excel lent girl who ihad one fault. 11or face was always in a smudge. Mrs. tried to toll hlier to wash iher face without ofl'onding her, and at last resorted to strategy : " Do you know Bridget," slm remarked in a confidential manner, " that if you wash the face every day in hot soapy water it will make you beautiful ?" . "Will it ?" answeore'd the wily Bridget, "Suro it's a wonder yo never tried it, ma'am," LIanTING GAs SY ELECTRICITY.-TIIe 8. A. Register has been shown by Mr. A. A. W. Dobbie another of the many applications of electricity to the wants of daily life which he has just received from England. It consists of an invention for lighting gas, and is claimed to be of advantage in avoid ing the danger of sparks from tapers or matches. The thick part of the lighter, made of a composition resembling vulcahite in appearance, contains the chemicals form ing the battery, and when a button is pressed by the thumb a current of elec tricity passes along a metal rod divided at its extremity into two fine points. These points are simultaneously projected slightly by the pressure on the button, and being brought into contact with a carbon fixed at the end of a tube, a spark is generated, just sufficient to light one jot of gas. Each lighter is constructed to light 25,000 separate lights, and when exhausted can be re-charged at a merely nominal cost. EMIGRATION FOR AusTRALIA.-The emigra tion mania appears to be spreading and growing. The London agents for nearly all the colonies are literally besieged with applications, particularly where there is a system of free or assisted emigration in force. The agent-general for Queensland has on hand more applications than he will be able to dispose of for the next six or eight months, and the agents of several other colonies are not far behind. Even the lethargic population in the fens of Lincoln shire are waking up to the fact that there is no necessity for them to toil all their lives for a miserable 12/- or 13/- a week. About a fortnight ago the market town of Spalding was the'scene of aremarkable demonstration, the occasion being the departure for Aus tralia of no less than three hundred people in one batch from the neighbourhood of Spalding.-Ilome News. ExTRAORDINARY RENOONTRE.- An unox pected meeting of an extraordinary character, says the London Daily Chronicle, took place between two old acquaintances on Epsom Downs on Derby Day. They were first introduced to each other nine years ago, under circumstances of a very unpleasant nature. One of them was a man named William Mills, and the other a police-constable of the W. division. Mills was committed for trial in 1874 on a charge of attempted street robbery with violence, and on being removed to London Bridge railway- station, in the custody of the police man referred to, took to his heels, and not withstanding that he was handcuffed, effected his escape, and was never again heard of until the Derby Day this year. His original custodian happend to be told off to do duty on Epson Downs, and amongst the crowds assembled there recog nised his long-lost prisoner, and again took him into custody. He was next day brought up before the Epsom magistrates, and on being placed in the dock was no doubt sur prised to find himself confronted by the original prosecutor. The latter however having expressed the hope that the prisoner had mended his ways, requested to be allowed to withdraw from the prosecution. Considering the length of time that had elapsed since the prisoner escaped, and the fact that no other charge had afterwards been brought against him, the magistrate granted the request, and the prisoner re tired, after indulging in a profusion of ex pressions of gratitude. ANOTHIER "JOuN BaowN."-TIhe Emperor of Atistria also, it appears, possesses a "John Brown." A few days ago Anton Hannakampf, his personal attendant, celebrated the 50th anniversary of his services .to his royal master. In .1881, this faithful henchman was in the service of the Duke of Roeichstadt, with whom he remained until the latter's death, on April 20, 1888. He was then appointed attendant to' the present Emperor of Austria, then an infant of two and a half years of age. He was at first merely a valet, but on the day that Francis Joseph ascended the throne he made him his confidential servant, and took him on all his travels through Europe and the East. When NapoleonHIII visited the Emperor of Austria at Salzburg, in 1867, he particularly ri. quested to be introduced to Hannahcampf, and ruestionod him closely about the Duke of Roichstadt's last momenuts, as that prince died in his arms ; he also accepted from him a pair of sleeve links, worked with the duke's hair, which he always wore. The worthy old servant bears a striking resemblance to the Emperor of Germany. He has received presents from nearly all the reigning houses in Europe, but, unlike his Scotch prototype, has never made a single enemy. "Willyim. my son," says an eeonomical mother to her son, '!for mercy sake dent keep on tramping up and down the floor in that manner ; you'll wear out you new boots. (Hosits down). There you go-sitting down. Now you'll wear out your new trouseorsl I deelare, I never see such a boyl" The evil that mon do live after them. Even when an amateur cornetist dies he leaves the fatal instrunment behind. R n 'ineWlewoll- ldi pnolc ca turo of )' Apollo and Marsyas," has just boon sold to the French government. The price paid is said to have been 200,000f. The lump sums, of which the English government have decided to advise tlhe grant to Lord Aleoostor and Lord Wolsoloy, in place of the annuities of £2000 a year for two lives, as proposed in the original bills, are respectively £25,000 and £80,000, the difference, arising, of courase, from the differences in ago between the two Peeoors. An ingenious use of luminous paint now provides at the Lyceum Theatre, London, a reassuring safeguard against a possible cause of panic. The direootions in the corridors and passages as to the "way out " are now as legible in darkness as in light, and Ethus if from fire or other accident the gas wore suddenly out off, the audieonce need ox perience no difficulty in finding their way to the several exits. A curious incident ooourred on Siemons's electrio railway at Portrush, Owing to the fact that as yet only part of tihe line is fur nishod with electric conductors, a stoeam. ongino is still used as well asno the electric locomotive. A few days ago the steam-. engine, while drawing its load along the line, camo to a stand through the accident of bursting a boilor-tube. Nows of the odisastor having boon sent to the toerminus, the sta tionary dynamo-electrio machine, which supplies the current, was set into anotion, and the eleootric locomotive despatched to 'tho rescue. It returned an hour later, bringing the disabled stoeam.engine behind it. 