AN OUT OF-TME-WAY SPANISH TOWN. We landed and made apqaaintanae with the wonders Of Areas, the lititle towh of CarrH, its illTpayed streets or streets not paved at all. Stagnation'&nd; idLeness jemed4.; to he the order of the pday ; jOfflajfeWsfeearily- laden donkeyS could be fieen staggering along in the -consuming heati and tkejrlaickly and my st&ionriy; disappesjcl under archways that faced long stretches of ; cultivated land. Mountains ro8eheyqndrfull ofeleepy beauty. Clothed in. a golaen naze that, vet lurmer otr, melted into -the purple Not one of us could speak Spanish, and the signs and contortions Jearful and wonder! nl, that we made in our 'efforts to epjaffljlslrahr nhderstahding with the natives, would have qualified anyone of ns Vjto take part .vnth the , three _itSots in "Patience." "We eielctrified tnejfihiit women sitting in the .shadow- of' the Oustom-honse. Slither from terror at'Onr gestures, or admira tion at oVfir wfflected «ppearande, they were ready- to allbw-h8ib;gpw;'| out paymriijt iwth wl t orifflyfpbBses. : sions— strawberrieSjjjherries, laicions melons —and I firinljr,!|pve would, ;vithout the slightest hesitfitiinii have thrown their fair setves into the bargain. we should have had full measure. Indeed we had not landed five minutes before a fright-eyed, beautiful, and captivating Spanish girl at an upper window oast a splendid lily afr Pyramid, then clasped her bands, and looked at him wfth a lingering, l&nquishing; gaze. We afterwards found that she was the gfeat heiress of the place, kept Under strict watch and ward by a cruel parent. Pyramid was evidently the one on whom she had with sudden inspiration fixed her affections and i hopes of rescue. And no wonder. With bis handsome face and magnificent presenoe, whenever he was of the landing party, no one had a ghost of a chance of a glance, or a lily, or anything else. He was about to respond to thia tender and mute appeal, when suddenly the huge head of a grim duenna was seen to clutch at the fair beauty. The vision was withdrawn with slight ceremony, and a hastily -closed Venetian shut in a despairing cry.- -Argosy. 