MY LADY'S PLOT; OB, V8M Ghost of Diavolo Castle. CHAPTEB XVIH. TBB IiOCEXD CABINET. Mine Dolby's visit, with various other cironra fctanoes, conspired to delay Nina's return to Xuca*B bedside muck longer than she had in tended. When she did, at last, find it possible to do so the -woman, was alone, and. apparently, disposed to Bleep. * It frets me to have people fussing about/ she ?aid to Kiito, in explanation of the desertion. * I don't watit any one here — not even you, dearie. I've got a big bell Miss Dolby sent up, and I'm strong enough to ring it if I need anything/ Observing the almost feverish anxiety which Xiuoy manifested to be alone, the girl made a few/ tender inqxuriee and then turned away. As she did bo, Luoy stopped her -with a sudden. 4 qne^ion. ]' ' Have you had your breakfast. Miss Nina ?' ;. B-.e asked quioMy. j Nina answered in the negative^, modifying it j the next moment. I * A cup of ooffee, Lucy; and now I am going to hueakiaatf she said. ? - With ill-concealed eagerness Lucy inst^atly Mfced another question. ' Do you take it in your boudoir ?* she in* - paired. *Oh, no; Fm quite able to go -down. Miss ' Dolby ib to have it served in the tete-artete break fast room, and I am just-on my way there. Why, i Lucy ? la there any little nicety I can bring you?* Lucy answered the question by a negative ; gesture-of disgust, and then said gently : 'That is right, ilies Nina; go down and eat bH you can. Ill be with you again before long, Joy dearie/ Nina turned hastily away to hide the rising 'tears. ' She felt strangely oppressed at the thought of leaving her faithful old nurse sick in ' Xiottdon. But before she could reach the door It&cy; stopped her for the second time. * See here, Miss Nina/ she exclaimed, speak ing in lie slow, enbdned tones rendered necessary 'by the ugly wound she had received, ' I wouldn't let title housemaid in the rooms this morning. Time enough when you are gone. It'll only be «. Uttte while now, my dearie/ pointing to a clock near the bed. Nina answered the earnest, questioning look Vith a smile. * W« seem to be of the same mind, Luoy/ she eaid. ' I have already issued Buch. orders. I want to spend the short time of my stay at home in my own apartments, and I want to spend them there undisturbed.* * That's right 1' exclaimed Lucy, -with a certain feeble emphasis, adding the next moment : ' And now go, Miss Nina, and don't let anybody come near me till I ring.* *Nina promised and left the room* But no sooner was she gone than Lucy's teoontenanoe underwent a complete and remark- - gtbfa change. Her faoe flushed, her lips parted. Lex eyes glowed pretercaturally wide ana bright. With & sudden sharp, short breath she rose en her elbow, «very thought merged in the one thought of noting those light, receding] steps. The steps died away. 'fiafei' muttered Luoy. 'With that one word she rose slowly and feebly 4o a stttisg posture. Ae«h0 gained it a blue paOoe began to oreep *warningly about her lipi. BuiTie lips set themselves together in unmis takable lines. !The lips framed an unmistakable vwd. ' I wxh- !' said the lips. Pale, trembling, but determined, she now made the next move. Blq*4y, very slowly, she drew her weak limbs. fcwsro&s; -foe edge of the bed and planted her feet Upon the floor. The pallid circle grew a little wider — a little toore marked — bat once again the lips set them-. selves together, and once again they - breathed that resolute word. ? With that word she stood upright, and then feebly staggered to a certain closet a few steps distant. She lingered there only a moment, turning knraqr the nest, and reeling to the door of the frail by which Nina ftT'l Mar^hi* had entered a few hours before. Blight «s the exertion was great beaded drops Lung upon her brow, and her eyes stared wide end wild in the supreme effort to control the faddiness which every xoom&nt; threatened to prostrate her. ' Heaven grant/ she thought, * that I go and oome without meeting any one 1 and— and,' she gasped the next moment, as she staggered ' against the wall, 'and — without failing 1' She paused the briefest instant, and then, trembling, reeling, half blind, went on again. Leaving the hall she entered the wider corridor l«uKmg to Nina's apartments. A few seconds more and she stood in the girl's dressing-room. As she entered she faced the cabinet in which if ina had locked her bottle of medicine the pre vious night. She went straight fertile cabinet. Looking neither to the right nor to the left, ehe clutched, with one oold, °hpirfn^- hand, at the back of a chair, and with the other pushed the feey she carried into the lock. For a little her trembling hand defeated her own purpose. Bat presently, with, a short, sharp click the door flew open. Her fainting gaze ran breathlessly over the shelves, and the next moment the bottle was in her hand, and safely hidden among the folds of her night-drees. With that act she seemed to gather fresh courage and fresh strength. Uttering a stifled ejaculation of thankfulness, she re-locked the cabinet, and in another minute teas back in the corridor again. But as she reached her own room, her fictitious fctaength gave out. A wild ringing in her ears, pad a -thick black pall before her eyes, she sank toalplesa upon the floor. Still tifa- indomitable will sustained her. 'Iwfli not swoon! I will not! I will not!' fbeaaid over and over in her mind. * There u inoretodo. I will not swoon 1' . - And she did not. . Clutching the bottle in » feeble grasp to her laeaat, aha lay there «npiae till the sluggish Wood began to flow mare hesltiifully through her veins Again. Inmement&ry; dread of intrusion, she rose at the first moment possible. She went stx&ightto; tbe box, ready packed for her anticipated . journey. After two or three ineffectual attempts to raise the lid, she succeeded. That done, she caught tfae bottle from the floor where she had stood it, end thrust it with the cabinet key, down to the -mrbottom of the box. With & great sigh, of relief ehe dropped thelid, jafr-kdbed it, and hid tite key beneath the edge at tteoarpet. ? . ^ Bhe tottered blindly back to the bed. 'Bef*!' she passed, whimperingly, assbee&nk; paooglur pillows. 'Safe from mjr poor dearie, ?ndflafe for— my future use/ For a little she lay faint and white, with CJamtA eyae, and almost imperceptible breath. Then her ooloar changed; *?* breath began to cone and go mow naturally. Finally her eye* opened, and, taming toward the box, fixed them* tubrm mpoa itin ? Iong,«kesd7 gu*. Bnaently she spote again. 'Tas/ she wbiapered, *«afe! Bhe bi for grtt»ttinheroi»tre«i/«dI'JldteK)0»er4Saui gtoftfeer. It may be all rigW, bat bow ean f know tinoe last sdgbtf Bttioe X am beref fKwse— ? i;Wt* snddenly atarted narrower, and radtonlj -flar abarpwed weave* bad «O at trace Modbt flgfrhtt, aUlthyaonnd U matting gatmsnfw. ?% aTamwd aagrr gUam dadeaaed her JwOov ~y*Piii—w rgnin Y ffr» UanlteiT SS^iWKMm- bag payn ?Iwtajw/ ww vtu/btiwdOr tantly toward the bed, and, after a moment's pause, ehe noiselessly Approached. 'Ah! awake!' she exclaimed, with insinuating emphasis, as Lucy looted up. * I feared as: much, and, notwithstanding Miss Dolby's orders, came in to see if I could in any way be of service.' ' Had Lucy followed the dictates of her feelings, she would have answered by a blunt and uncom-; promising command that would have rid her of the woman's presence on the instant. Having, however, her own secret purpose to serve, she: couched her negative in terms so courteous that* Dolores's black eyes twinkled with satisfaction. Quietly observant, Lucy waited. Dolores/ justified her expectations to the letter, CHAPTEg'Xix. 'With ja^itfrBt of friendly condolence Dolores cried^a^euavcly * '^Buch a pity you took that late lunch ! Such a pity t When I think of your eating cherry — * Lucy broke passionately in upon her. 'For Heaven's sake, don't Bay cherry pie and buttermilk to me as long as you live 1' she cried. ' Here I am, laid up, and poor Miss Beauchamp left without me at the very worst time possible J Then don't go to reminding me of that luncheon/ unless you want to set me crazy 2' At that outburst Dolores's bead-like eyes twinkled brighter than ever. Nevertheless, she essayed the port of comforter. ' Yes, yes/ answered Lacy ; ' Fve heard ' about the french maid. Miss Seauchamp— bless - her kind heart ! — sent Mise Dolby to tell me, hoping it would cheer my spirits. But what's a French maid ? I'm the one that knows what Sfiss Beau champ needs and wants 1' Having' delivered herself of this genuine expression of feeling, Lucy determinedly closed her eyes and abut her mouth. Her patience had reached its limit.'' Dolores looked at her a moment, and then, with a little satisfied nod and smile, left the room. Lucy lay quite still till assured that the woman was really gone. She then opened her eyes. A. grim expression of amusement showing about her mouth, she muttered slowly — 'Fooled! You came to pump me, Mistress Dolores, and you did pump me to your own im mense satisfaction ! You have gone away sure that I made no awkward discoveries last night ! Very good, Mistress Dolores ! I shall take the best care not to,.place you on-your guard by unde ceiving you ! Yes, the best — for I, too, have something toiled out ! I'd like to know. Mistress Dolores, why you want me eick just now !' In the consideration, of that uasolvabie pro blem. Lucy finally dropped asleep. She 6lep$-long and heavily/ ! AhouSeinaidstolenptoherroom. Miss Dolby stole, up, and then Nina, bonneted and gloved for her journey, bent sadly over the slumberer.'- * With a dull, sickening sense of depression ehe softly kissed the woman's cheek, pinned a gift of ten pounds among the folds of the handkerchief half grasped in the sleeper's hand, and crept' noiselessly away. At the foot of the stain she found Sir Robert and Lady Bd&uob;∓ waiting for her. The carriage was at the door, and both stood in readiness to attend her to the railway station. . Bir 'Robert looked pale and agitated. Lady Beauohamp was anxiously consulting her watch, and at Nina's approach hurriedly addressed her, 'I sm glad that yon are 'through with your adieux, Nina/ she eaid, speaking with that tone of mingled sweetness and disapprobation with which she had ohoaon to mark ner words since the announcement of the preceding evening. ' We are quite late, And wiUhave to drive rapidly to oatch the train! Doctor find Mrs. Jeffries must already be wondering at our delay.' Nina made no reply* She was looking at bir Robert. Bhe had Been him batonoe that day, and then only for a short time. On leaving the breakfast-room she had gone to the library, hoping to eeoure a last quiet hour with him before her departure. But they were yet discussing in a sad, con strained sort of way Lucy's illness and accident, when Lady Beauohamp returned from Dootdr Jefixies's, and the unsatisfactory interview was brought to an -end. But now, as the girl observed the marks of agitation on his face, her heart rose to her throat. The next instant, .with a sudden, low, cobbing cry, Bhe flung herself upon his breast. Surprised and deeply affected, the baronet for one xnomentijtorgob ail but that he was about to lose her, and, perhaps, for ever. In that moment he drew her to him, and kissed her with the fond est tenderness. The girl threw back her head and looked at him. 'Oh,$»pal you do love .jee a little, do you not ? ' sEe cried, with streaming «yea- end lips tremulous with delight. Before ehe could say more, or Six Xtobert answer, Lady Beauchamp's voice, clear and strangely metallic, interposed. , 'We are losing valuable minutes/ she said; 'and I will go on and take iny seat In the car riage/ Speaking those words ehe turned her back on the pair, and hastily withdrew. * Yes, yes I* nervously exclaimed Sir Bobert, fully recalled to himself. 'We must not loiter here. Come, Nina ! Come I' He released himself from the girl's ^iwjwwy arms, and then all at once stopped ner as she was turning away. ' I have a little gfftf or you, my obUd/ he said hastily, in lowered tones, a sharp pang at his heart as he noticed the sadDSewafiain overspread ing the lovely young face* *!Tive hundred pounds, my dew, for any trifle yon may take a fancy to. I intended elibping it into your satchel at the last1 moment, but perhaps it is better to give it to you. And, mydbar/he cos eluded abruptly, ' it is not worth while to speak of the amount. It is Quite between ourselves.* The girl's broken thanks Uttered, end the pie. thorio purse lodged securely in her satchel, they hastened to the carriage. As the footman dammed the door, LadyBeauchamp called out, quickly, sharply : ' As fast as BXLby can drive, ThomaSi or he wOl be. in disgrace 1 It would be dreadfully mortify ing for ua to delay Doctor and Mrs. Jeffries/ she continued, Address'ng Sir BoTwrjt, as her order was repeated, and^the carriage dashed from the ierb, . . ' But Why, by dint of hard driving, spared them fttift mortification. ? Ceremonious leave-takings, however* were out: of the question. There was aefc a. minute to lose,: and the gnard rushed the travelling party into the railway cawriage *t hot speed. But as Nina was stepping in. Lady Beauohainp,. on a- sudden, caught hex breathlessly \by. the arm. ? Tout medicine f she cried. 'You have it-in, your bag?* Nina's quick, backward glance of dismay an-, ewered her before Hue Question was half aaked. 'Oh! you have forgotten itf burst out Lady Beauchamp, her voice a ixSfie tremulous. Lady Beauohamp needed no answer, 'but ihe; Kiel penitently made itin the one instant, allowed her to speak. Doctor Jeffries; eatcbing the hurriedoolloqay as he followed the girl, looked bank past the guard. 'Never mind,' he called, oheerily. 'I ean make that all right.' ' Lady Beauchwnp felt as if every drop of blood in her body had turned to ioe. ?* All tight I'ebe gasped, tinder her breath. «t nHBrtwtthebotU*/* ' : . .A* she whispered fboMt frightened wori* the, railway carriage door banged, the guard 41* epMAred, and the next ftana&ttb;* train was oft. Sir Boberfc stood, garing after it like enejbx* peintnl dream. X2keonein»]-at&M; ^ceambe *OoB«l*befall«9E«d. 'faoo»-TO«r'gUt 'When ondhowshsJlIwehCTegalnr , J - Lady Beaochamp caught fiu» words, Asihrt, did^Wj»lWch«*sBd4«nb/ gJow*abfijW otwetoors* and her Tailed «f as anSaanlj Naiad withsvixfimgWBiAw. For*»too«neB^thebf4 InrffTto h#ts#H,ber itiai ^JSSg&i;»fb» MSKnafesd fnftprtj ' , ' CHAPTEB. XX. ? ? ' ' AT BADKir-BiLDEjr. ? Near an open window of a, oertain pleasant room at the BadiSoher Hof , a tall queenly-looking woman eat thoughtfully bending over a letter. 1'be woman was Mrs. Hildegnxd .jVHinghfttn. The letter was Lady Beauohamp a latest commu nication. The mid- afternoon fitfin, piercing straight and bright through the half-drawn our* tains, fell full upon the elegant ?fbrni and bowed head, bringing, them oat agalnsi the darkened background of the maroon upholstered chamber with a glowing vividness almost startling in Its «ffect. ? It was a face and form, once?, seen, never to be forgotten. The head was a noble one in shape, and crowned by« lovely mass of pale-^old hair, really .gone from flaxen to grey, but denying the change with a success so absolute that no one acquainted with the woman's age would have suspected that thai pale gold was other -than its pristine hue. Nature having thus amiably set Time at naught, Art stepped into the rescue of the face below, and with the most satisfactory results. . It wag a beautiful face, and as remarkable, In its peculiar characteristic^, as beautiful. Strangely pale and intellectual, oval in form, and perfect in feature. But it was in the eyes the woman's supreme, all triumphing power 2&y.; Large, luminous, and deeply blue they looked out from beneath the thick, curling lashes wiEli a J seductive, compelling beauty impossible to de- [ scribe. They were eyes that changed with every changing emotion. Now softened to a dove-like tenderness, now ablaze with the fire of genius ; now sparkling with a sudde4 enthusiasm, or gaiety, they fascinated one and all with a. single glance. But as Mrs. AUinghaxa Bat bending over that open letter there was a look in those wonderful eyes that none save certain persons within the pale of her confidence were ever permitted to see — a look that, in the three weeks of her stay at the Badischer Hof with the Jeffries and Nina, i neither of them had once surprised. For a time she sat quite motionless, wholly ab sorbed in her task. -Then, she all at once rose, and leaving the letter on the table where it lay, walked over to the open window. Standing thare she ga,ze& out with fixed, un seeing eye upon the blooming gardens of the Hof. Directly she had turned from the window ae she had turned from the table. 'I will read it once more,' she said. She went slowly and thoughtfully back-to her seat. Banning her long, delicately white and slender finger under the lines, she began her third per usal of the communication. It opened abruptly and startUngly in these words : ' You frighten me 1 If the bottle is not among' her luggage, where is it ? While fully and sym patkising-lr appreciating the difficulties you have had to encounter in gaining the opportunity to examine her boxes, I yet deeply regret the delay occasioned by those difficulties. ' Till this moment I have not felt the least anxiety — have awaited your reply to ray. hasty note, on the afternoon of her departure, with the most undisturbed composure. That you would find the bottle and make use of its precious con* tents as I intended, I had not the slightest doubt. 'But you will better understand my anxiety if I go back to the day of Nina's departure, and narrate certain particulars, which my haste in writing at that time rendered impossible. ' My - note, as you will r&meinber;, briefly stated that she thought her medicine had been forgotten, but that in reality it wag safe in one of her boxes. Supplemental to that statement-was the request that you would find the bottle and properly dispose of its contents. ' L&t; me now outline what occurred.* ' At the most unfortunate moment possible — just as the train was leaving — Nina declared the .medicine had been forgotten. My dismay was un bounded. The pellet was invaluable (I have but eight left). What if the housemaid had already mislaid the bottle P Or worse, what if ehe had appropriated a portion of its contents for a twinge of headache or neuralgia P ' With those questions torturing my brain I reached Portland Place. I looked at the porter who admitted us in mute expectation, of hearing of some awful event. His face was a respectful blank. I rid myself of Sir Bobert and flew,' rather that ran, up to Nina's apartments. As I anticipated, the housemaid was there. To my somewhat impetuous inquires she an swered that she had seen no. bottle whatever. After a vain search I sought Lucy. The poor, unsuspicious wretch was asleep, and looked ill -enough j but I awakened her on the instant. ''Your mistress has forgotten her bottle of medicine,' I eaid sharply. ' Where is it ? '' ' The creature never answered a word, but lay staring at me with the strangest look I ever met in my life. Supposing she Felt confused by the sadden awakening, I repeated my question. ' This time she replied^and so naturally that I bave never thought of the, interview from that houxtip the present one. ' 'Oh; the bofile/' she said, with a weary breath. ' Yes, yes— I packed it, my lady.' ' Feeling as if the world had been lifted from my shoulders I echoed quickly, joyfully t '' You packed it 1 ' ' Evidently she imagined my words interroga tive. She answered wearily t ''In one of the boxes that was to go, my lady.' 'On the strength of that rejoinder my note was written to you. But now my friend — wSheb is CSB sottiiX P Under tha circumstances it won't do to put the question to Lucy 1 Neither ?will it do to put it to Nina I Bat there it is in appal ling black and white— 'wzbkb n she bottle t Do lores laughs at my fears — says Amelia has un doubtedly removed it at one of tha stopping places, and there forgotten all about it. But even so, Borne fools might venture to test its con tents 1 What then? Death 1 A long train of circumstantial evidenced— the iiangman's rope ! the—' Mrs. Allingham snddenly removed her white finger from the sheetjJeaned haok in her ohair, and indulged in a soft laugh. 'What an imagination that creature has/ she mattered, amusedly, 'Of ooorse Nina'a pre pared system would resist a dose that to one un prepared would inevitably prove fatal. But \- -Saving 'delivered'-berssJE of $ha-i» amused com ment Mrs. AXUngham returned to her task. She passed over the gloomy forebodings into which my lady had a3lowedherself to glide, and resumed atpthese wordit— ?-'?--- 'Entertain no fears of tticy's premature tc- ooveryl It has thus far been *ery alow, but always attributable to natural causes I Boring' the next three weeks it will be still slower ! 'Wherefore f Bhe left us *3n thfe most precipitate manner, Dolores discovering her intention only just in time to insure ub. against the premature improvement .which yon Have feased. It hap pened the day she reoeivedNina's letter announo ing her father's -wish that she should employ Brigifcta daring her stay in Germany. ' A few hours previous to receipt of said letter Sir £,, at my request, personally informed her of the commands lie hadilaiA upon Nina, salving the iinexpected dismissal witshe, rift (not at my re fluest) of one hundred ?pounds, u view of her long years of service in the family, both the visit and gift were altogether appropriate t but it is quite certain they were worthless compensations regarded in the light oib^raeparationfrom Nina. 6he shed tears, poor disappointed wretch 1 . , ♦And now, my deMfnend, let ne express the limitless admiration 'and profotmd gratitude with which I review job* tactics, '$b* unrfwlbd manner inwhiohgrou gnacb tit* jMopMJntaaoe «f ?our /tn»«S«ia a* that wicked £utsaal(i) fbe «fMy ?baraww*^. which' Vouia srattatodvpncsilf Into JQmi^s itfipsti0iia,-£ne nice tact with wUtsnjromr sjowisiBV Scigitta, was is* fSSItlitti&frila;^ SSfre»«*«-»1-«4! He«»d^ottrWftir^S5 iettir intended &r; als^r«jpwifii aentinvnts too *' ^™ «™«*™ 'mmm^Hm Saawin«M»iuwi-i whioh dtvji JLa- atb»|aeawwTi^ia*y In Ba^^rbflj anxious on tiiat jpoint, and, Jn truth, so have V Although Amelia is a person of ohyr average in tellect, she yet has— a' tongue. That tongue she might use to our extreme annoyance^ it being, as you say, -and we feel) most desirable that Nina's .place ©£ residence be kept secret. .Now it will be. The Jeffries- are trustworthy, and the trip to Heidelberg hoodwinks Amelia from the very, out set. Heidelberg will bound her knowledge of my inconvenient step- daughter's movements, while our statement that she, is %w»yTnny desultory jaunts through Gerstany under the care of a friend, will sound plausible enough. No fear, then, of well meaning friends threatening Sir Eoberf* secret, ©t oura, by viz- — Great Heavens. Dolores has just come in, and teDs me that Lucy is not to be -found — has changed: her lodgings, leaving no clew by which she can be traced. What does it mean ? Has Lucy something to fear? . Has— no, let me say itboldly: was 'LnojVi$e..box ''ttat' was to go P* ' Answer tne, my friend, for since reading your letter I have not dared to answer myself! Has shebeen distrusting us from the outset P Dolores {who has visited her every day or two since she left here) still laughs at me. But why did she leave Portland Place so unex pectedly to us all ? And why has she has now slipped completely out of -our reach! For Heaven's sake anwer me, my friend ! Can write no Liore ! Burn, and believe me, always grate-, fully yours, «Ikijz B— /'? Mrs. Allingham read slowly and thoughtfully to the close, and then, lifting a tiny gold pencil attached to her chain, wrote along the narrow margin the following words : ' I have read three times with the greatest cars. No cause for anxiety/ She folded the letter, and putting it in. her pocket, laughed softly. ' That will serve to guide m« when answering* I can't think of reading all these pages over again, and, in the press just now upon me, I might possibly forget, despite my own first doubt.' ? . . ?» With those words she rose. At the came moment a hasty rap at the door was followed by the equally hasty entrance of a serving-woman of some 26 years of age. (to be costentted.) 