[?] Answers to Correspondents. £QD«£ubte feet**0 Eiver)— Yourtank contains 7468 cubic yards K' ^«?» writes : Is Parnell, the Irish Home Ruler, a Protest SCOT^HM?SmanCtttholici!- Amw«: A Protestant. buuiuuiAN writes : Kindly inform me of the date of the death m n rrfuHZMSS* Crawford !-Answer: December 15, 188*. nld Sf. SVCK£R ****: What bank occupies the site of the w v a T?£f.non. Hotel m Melbourne ?— Answer : The Union Bank. J£ wntee : Could you or any of the readers of the Mail wooden h * g0°* P °r ^'^ for mMn« a f our or fire bttU i?; **** : vWlU y°n »y W a portrait of Mr. Archibald Forbes was ever hang in the Royal Academy t-Answer: Yes, last ri &n; f' *P)rtn»t£y Mr- Httbert Herkomer. BLA-D writes: Who brands WP conjoined on near shoulder!— Answer: Mr. Perry, Tomang vale, Marxhagay, WP conjoined. capitals'66' PlB6hett' Jerry Plains» WP conjoined, writing EALSUMJJNE writes: Iskateomineanyuseforoatdoorwork* Will it stand ram and weather ?— Answer : Not well. It is chiefly used for interiors. Paint or an ordinary lime-wash would be better for outer walk. SHAMROCK writes : I am told that Mr. Denis Florence WCartby, the Irish poet, accepted » pension from the English Govern ment, left true ?— Answer : Tes ; his name appeared on the Cml List Pension in 1871. He died in 1882. R. A. (Bathurst) writes : I have heard ;the term ' sophisticated cotton.' How did it arise?— Answer: It is cotton adul terated with sand and dirt in the bates to increase its weight. It is an Americanism, descriptive of an American trick. J1OEEE writes : Can I compel the owner of an adjoining town allotment to pay half of dividing fence, having given due notice ?— Answer : Tes; if he does not fence his half after due notice, you can put put it up, and sue him for its cost. ENMORE writes : Please inform, me in your next issue which is the general route of vessels from England to San Francisco !— Answer : There can be but one route pending the construction of the canal. It is round Cape Horn, and up the western coast of America. WAGER writes : Will you state if there is any member of the firm of Farmer and Co. in Sydney ; also, what are the names of all the members of the firm!— Answer: Mr. William Farmer is still head of the firm. The other partners are Messrs. Pope and Seaward. CORRESPONDENT re tidal or flood water.— Tour question re garding the navigation of such a river, or the right of usage, is of too involved a character to be dealt with in these columns. We should advise you to instruct a solicitor to obtain counsel's opinion on it. K. B. L. ?(Cqotamundra) asks : Who are the best buyers of opossum skins in Sydney ? Can you give me their addresses t — Answer : There are plenty of furriers who will buy from you. Write to Crawley, of Hunter-street, and send samples, or advertise all you have for sale, and invite purchasers. JAMES K. writes : Is the bull-oak of Victoria the same timber as tbe balah of New South Wales, or are they different trees?— Answer : They are not exactly the same, but of the same species— all casuarinas. Tbe bull-oak of Victoria is a tree of more robust growth, rougher in the bark and broader in the crown. BUYER asks : Have Briscoe and Co., of Melbourne, a branch in Sydney ; if not, what hardware firm in Sydney would you recommend to a wholesale buyer? — Answer : We have no knowledge of any branch of the firm in Sydney. Lassetter and Co. are at the head of the hardware business in Sydney, perhaps in Australia. CLlilUC writes : I have heard or read that Dr. Pusey was at one time suspended from preaching. Can you inform me as to the date of the occasion, the period of its continuance, and tbe cause ?— Answer : It was in 1843, for preaching a sermon on the Eucharist which clearly taught consubstantiation. He was suspended for three years. 6ELECTOB- writes : Please answer the following : What is the average weight of one cubic yard of bay, so that I can aver age the contents of the stack in tons ? What is the weight of one cubic yard of water ?— Answer : New hay will average 1321b. ; old hay, 1761b. per cubic yard respectively. 2. A cubic yard of water would weigh 27,000 ounces. P, L. (Warren) asks: With, whom does the final fixing of the route of railway line rest ? Is it with the Engineer-in-Chiet or the Government!— Answer: With the Government. The Engineer-in-Chief is practically the servant of the Govern ment. He may suggest— even prove his suggestions to be correct, but he has no power to enforce them. SETTLER asks: In what part of Victoria is the Campaspie River 1 and was there within the last 10 years a squatter on that river named Robinson !— Answer : The Campaspie flows into the Murray close by Echuca, There was very recently a station on the river owned by a Mr. William Robinson, about 25 miles from Sandhurst and 40 from Echuca. JAMES R. writes: Abets B that the decimal system of coinage, tbe system used in France, ii also used in Italy ; that is, that the value of all coins is the same, though their names may be different. B says Italy has a system of her own, quite dis tinct. Which is right ! — Answer : A is right ; the decimal 8j stem is used in France, Belgium, Switzerland, and Italy. ONE FOR HIS NOB.— You are right .about the cards ; the hand you mention, a pair of sixes and three threes will count Is as described : 6 of clubs, 6 of hearts, and 3 of spades, 2 ; 6 of clubs, 6 of hearts, 3 of clubs, 2; 6 of clubs, C of hearts, 3 of hearts, 2 ; 6 of clubs, three threes, 2 ; 6 of hearts, three threes, 2; one pair of sixes, 2; a pair royal of threes, 6; total 18. A. P. -writes : Will you oblige a subscriber of many years by in forming me if the Government have resumed the land through which the first section of the Homcbush-Waratah lines passes ?— Answer : Yes ; the proclamation of the taking of the land, first section of the line from Homebnsh to Waratah, was published in the Gazette on the 25th Mayjand in the Beralti of the 26th May. A. T. writes : Will you kindly answer the following: question in your answers to correspondents :— I send a child of 5 years to school; he attends three days the first week and one the next, Am I compelled by law to pay for the month f — Answer : What do you mean 1 Only 3d per week is re quired in State schools. If it be a private school, the question ?will depend upon the agreement made or the ordinary rule ot the school. D. S. S. writes : Can you give me name of good works on Ayr shire cattle and dairying? Also a good book on orchards, especially pruning !— Answer : Sturtevant's 'Dairy Cow (Ayrshire),' 11s. Gd., post tree 12s. 6d. : Willard's ' Practical Dairy Husbandry,' 16s., post free 17s. 6d.; Downing'a' Fruits and Fruit Trees,' 25s., post free 27s. 6d. ; or, Downing's ' Se lected Fruits,' 7s. 6d., post free 9s.; from George Robertson, George-street. SHEPWSRD writes: As subscriber to the Jlfai/ would you kindly answer me the following questions is your next paper : If 1 am living within two miles of a school, and there is no road to the school, am I compelled to send my little boy, eight years old, to the school ? 2. Is there any length of 'time for which I am compelled to send the boy 1— Answer : If within two mixes of a school, the boy must attend till he is 14 years of age. TO CORRESPONDENTS.— Yfe nave been compelled to hold over several questions connected with the administration of the Lands Acts. We find it exceedingly difficult to get in formation from the Department. Some of its officers seem to think that the people exist for the Lands Office, not the office for the people. We hope, however, to make arrange ments during the ensuing week tor obtaining the iufonnation desired by our correspondents. J. C. S. asks: Will you be kind enough to give a receipt for pre paring sarsapariila for drinking ! Is the leaf enclosed the genuine leaf?— Answer: We do not take yourleai to be that of the genuine medicinal plant ; but it is in such a mutilated condition as to be almost past recognition. The following is a receipt for the preparation :— Bruised sarsapariila, 1 part ; water, 16 parts. Boil until reduced to 10 parts, then pour off the clear, and add to the residue water, 6 parts. Boil down to 4 parts, pour off the clear, and evaporate in a steam heat. J. W. (Bland) asks : 1. Where was Sir John Robertson born, and what year! 2. The year he first formed a Ministry! 3. How many times was he Premier? 4. What is the name of the first Premier the colony ever had? 5. In whose Ministry was the Hnn. John Lucas Minister for Mines ! 6. How long did be remain in office?— Answer: 1. In the village of Bow in Essex, on the 15lh October, 1816. 2. 9th March, 1860. 3, Four times. 4. Stuart Alexander Donaldson. 5\. In tbe Robertson Ministry. C. From 9th February, 1875, till the 21st March, 1877. ONE FOR HIS NOB writes: Is there a poultry farm anywhere around Sydney, or what distance, and where situated, and is it possible for me to be allowed to go over it I Also, where can I get a map of New South Wales, and how can 1 get to know where is land open for selection ? — Answer : We believe there is a poultry farm near Marulan, on the Southern r ailway line, buttis a private speculation, and permission to viuit would have to be obtained from the owner. You can obtain a map from any Sydney stationer, Maddock's or Robertson's or Sands', all of George-street ; but would require to apply to the district land agents for information about available land. K. VALLEY writes : You would kindly oblige an old subscriber by answering as soon as possible the following questions :— 1\. Would a minor's or a lessor's wife's signature to a lease hold good in law ? 2. Is there any specified time for a corpse to remain underground before it could be removed ? If bo, ?what is tbe time ? S. Could you give me a good recipe for curing green hides, to make them soft and pliable for whip making, &c;! Answer: l.|No. 2. A corpse can only be exhumed by an order from the coroner fof the district. S. The usual way is simply to peg it out till it is dry, or salt it, When required for use. soften bv the a.nniic&tfon; nf water COUNTRY CHURCHMAN.— We are not pledged to orthodox)' J-r any other doif. We simply desire to know and serve and spread the truth. As to tne Freethinkers of Sydney, we d» not think you have any need to fear their influence upon the youth of the metropolis. They are s feeble organisation, though « few strong- brained men are to be found amongst them. We beliere that the mase of the people have a strong faith ift Christianity simply and broadly understood, though many refuse to subscribe to elaborate and metaphysical Christian theologies. SUFFERER writes; If you would be so kind as to answer the following, I shall feel extremely obliged. I Buffer very much from chilblains on the heels, and can scarcely wear any boots.— Answer: Take lost, of camphorated spirit, Joa. of the liquor of enbacetate of lead ; mix and apply three or four times a day. This is Sir Astley Cooper's prescription, and a very efficacious remedy for chilblains. Chilblain Balm: Boil together 10 fluid ouDoes olive oil, 2 fluid ounces Venice turpentine, and loz. yellow wax ; strain, and while still warm add, constantly stir ring, 2J drachms balsam of Pern and 9gr. camphor. Anotker formula for making this balm adds Joz. alkanet root, but em ploys I drachm less of the balsam of Peru. This is applied by being spread on a soft cloth and laid on the part affected. Chilblain Liniment : Mix together* 1 fluid ounce rectified oil of turpentine, 15 drops sulphuric acid, and 2os. olive oil. This, rubbed gently on the chilblains twice a day, is generally very effective. J, W. (Bland) asks: 1. Is the present Minister for Justice (the Hon. H. E. Cohen) a Hebrew ' 2. Does he belong to the firm of David Cohen and Co., of Sydney and Maitland ? 3. Did the present Colonial Treasurer, the Hon. G. R. Dibbs, undergo a sentence of 12 months' imprisonment over a divorce case 1 4\. How long has Mr. Henry Copeland been a member of the Assembly? S. How long did Sir George Wigram Allen occupy the position of Speaker in the Legislative Assembly ?— Answer : 1. Yes. 2. No. 3. He suffered 12 months' imprison ment rather than par dsmages awarded by the Court to Mr. 8hepperd in a libel case which arose out of certain proceedings in the Divorce Court. Subsequently, however, be was compelled to pay the money. 4. Six years. 5. Seven yeans. K. D. asks for a receipt for curing growing toenails.— Answer : Toe usual cause is badly made, ill-fitting shoes, but you may ' begin tbe efiert at cure by simple application to the tender part of a small quantity of perchloride of iron. It is found in drug stores in a fluid form, though sometimes in powder. There is immediately a moderate sensation of pain, constriction or burning. In a few minutes the tender Isurface is felt to be dried up, tanned or mummified, and it ceases to be painful. The patient, who before could not put his foot to tne floor, now finds that he can walk upon it without pain. By permit ting the hardened, wood-like flesh to remain for two or three weeks, it can be easily removed by soaking the foot in warm water. A new and healthy structure is found firm and solid below. If thereafter the nails be no more cut round the corners or sides, but always curved in across the front end, they will in future grow only forwards; and by wearing a shoe of reasonable good size and shape, all further trouble will be avoided. To prevent the nail growing into the toe : If the nail of your toe be hard, and apt to grow round, and into the corners of your toe, take a piece of broken glass and scrape the top very thin ; do this whenever you cut your nails, and, by constant use, it makes the corners fly up and grow flat, so that it is impossible they should give you any pain. Do not fail to try this. CURIOUS asks : Can you give me any idea of the bulk of the gold contained in the whole world, and also of the quantity used apart from coinage in manufacture !— Answer : We can not give you accurate information upon the matter, because reliable statistics have never been compiled. The following facts, however, are worth knowing:— If we estimate the yard of gold at £2,000,000, which it is in round numbers, all the gold in the world might, if melted into ingots, be contained in a cellar 24 feet square and 16 feet high. All the boasted wealth obtained from California and Australia would go into an iron safe nine feet square and nine feet high, so small is the cube of yellow metal that has carried the immigration of population, peopled a new country lavger than the Continent of Europe, and roused the whole world to wonder. The late keeper of the Mining Records states that for the uses of the arts not less than JOOGoz. of fine gold are used' in Birmingham alone every week, and that in the United Kingdom the weekly consumption of leaf-gold is as follows : — London, 400oz. ; Edinburgh, 35oz. ; Birmingham, 70oz. ; Manchester, 40oz. ; Dublin, 12ok. ; Liverpool, 15oz. ; Leeds, 6oz. ; Glasgow, Goz. ; total, 584oz. Of this, he states, on the authority of an emi nent gold-refiner, that not one-tenth part can be recovered, and he adds, that for gilding metals of the electrotype, and the water or wash-gilding processes, not. less than 10,000oz. of gold are required annually. D. T. S. writes: Will you be kind enough to inform me how long and how hot should be the water in which seeds of the wattle are steeped, and what depth in the soil ought they to be sown ? Muller gives no definite information in his ' Extra Tropical Plants.' It has been stated in the Mail that tbe English method of pruning does not take out enough wood. I would like to know, when getting the work you recommend, what allowance is to be made for our climate ?— Answer : Wattles : The best way is to plunge the seed into water at boiling point, and allow it to remain till the water gets cold. By the way, the soil that wattle seed is sown in is kept moist, we have found no difficulty in getting it to germinate. About two inches deep will be sufficient. Is the wattle styled an extra tropical plant? We call it a common native plant. 'Thompson's Gardener's Assistant' is a valuable work on orchids and pruning, Good hints may be obtained therefrom, but everything is so different in this colony from Great Britain that we can only look upon it in the way of text-book. You mibtake our meaning about pruning, w hat we infer is that books, while giving an insight how pruning should be done, are not sufficiont. Every tree requires to be pruned according to special circumstances, and thus to follow blindly a book which tell you to spur the laterals and stop leading shoots, is simply ridiculous. Skillful pruning is one of ithe hardest parts of horticultural practice. Therefore it is scarcely possible to give directions as to what allowances should be made. We mav in a future issue go fully into the subject. DISAPPOINTED asks: What kind of treatment did Cetcwayo receive in EnghuuLand when did he leave for his own country ?— Answer : He arrived at Plymouth on Thursday, August 3, in the Union Company's steamer Arab. He was accompanied by his cousin and Prime Minister, and two native councillors who had taken a prominent part in the Zulu war. Cetewayo landed at Southampton and came at once to London, where he occupied a private house that had been prepared for him and his followers by the Government, in Meiburv-terrace, Holland Park. A formal interview waa f ranted him with Earl Kimberley at the Colonial Office, and e was visited by many members of Parliament who had sup ported bis cause in Parliament. Cetewayo, after his interview with the Secretary of State for the Colonies, visited Mr. Glad stone, in Downing-strcct,and pleaded strongly for his restora tion in Zululand. The King saw a fcw*f tjtraights of London, and on Tuesday, the 15th August, an announcement was made in Parliament of the determination of the Govern ment to restore him to a part of his dominion on certain conditions. Cetewayo, towards the latter end of hie stay, visited the Queen at Osborne, and the Prince and Princess of Wales at Marlborough House. He was waited upon by deputations from the British and Foreign Anti-Slavery Society, to whom he stated that neither slavery nor the slave trade prevailed in Zululand; and from the Temperance League, with whose representations, as to the evil effects of drink, he seemed heartily to concur, stating that the pro clamation which prohibited the introduction of ardent spirits into his country would be renewed on his restoration. On the 1st September, 1882, Cetewayo and his followers left London for Southampton, and departed from England on board the Nubian.' N. L, writes : In a notice of Heury Ketten in a recent issue of the Serald, it is stated that he entered the Paris Conservatoire and passed through its course of study while a mere cliild. Could you inform me of the nature of the entrance examination and the course of study pursued there ?— Answer : By the rules of the Conservatoire de Musique, Paris, no pupil can be admitted under the age of 10, and must at that age successfully pass an examination before the Committee of Tuition in the branches of musical art intended for study. Pupils must play at sight a piece selected by the committee. Camilla TJrso was admitted at six years of age. Her trial piece was the andante and finale from Rode's 4th Concerto, with accompaniment for violin, second viola, and cello. The tuition at pre sent (1880) is divided into classes for solfeggio, singing, vocal harmony, and part writing. Lyrical declama tion—one class for opera, two for opera cotnique ; 31 instru mental classes, besides 10 for piano; six for the study of harmony; three for composition, counterpoint, and frigue ; others for general history of music, grammar, and prosody and orthophony; three for dramatic declamation, one for stage deportment, and one for fencing. The academic year begins in October, and closes in July. The younger pupils only are admitted to the preparatory solfeggio and piano classes. In the higher cusses for vocal music and declama tion the age is limited to 22. Pupils have to pass two examinations in each academic year and take part in one or more public practices, and are, according to their ability, admitted to the July competitions. D. T. 6. writes : Can you give me some practical information on laying down pasture, best mixture of seed for different soils, &c.; ?— Answer : The land should be well ploughed during the summer, if possible, and allowed to lie a short time exposed to the action of the atmosphere before being harrowed down. All weeds and rubbish gathered by the harrows should be burned on the land, and the ashes spread about. The harrows should be well worked, and the soil reduced to a fine tilth, so as to be suitable for the reception of eo small a seed as that of grass. A second or crOES ploughing and harrowing will be amply repaid in the increased luxuriance and durability of the pasture, as the more the land is worked and enriched, the more is available for the plant. Onjan appearance of rain, the ' seed should be sown as evenly as possible, and covered with light seed harrows or a bush harrow. It is false economy to merely throw the seed on the land and leave it. Autumn is the best time for sowing, the young plant can then make roots and shoot out before the spring,}{but grasses may be sown with safety as late as August, or even September; if the season prove favourable, we recommend March or April, however. If lac land be naturally dry, roll immediately ; if not, do so when the ptanUr iattt tas4e ttcfr third M.A. Sowing with a graawrop we object to, as being ajauuilSw the-theory and practice of good farming , andiXo*eth£ \\!* OTited to this climate. Cut or feed oS with Toun^SfT J? ?s there is ? cut for a scythe ora good bite for toe stock i ^u pasture is ready for work as soon a» plants are sufRm-.-n strong to resist cattle graring without being pulled u» hlnZ roots. If yours is a warm district, the following mixture IT eactt acre, which will cost about 23s. per acre, is likelr t afford satisfaction :— Cocksfoot, 61b. ; per rye, ion, ? imfta? 151b.; rib, 31b.; lacerne, 41b. ; white clover, abi JroF&TuJS; climate buy tile following, whieh will cost 27s. per acre -—pi;, rye, 151b.; cocksfoot, 41b. ; prairie, 101b. ; mixed, 61b'- rih 3lb!; white clover, 21b. ' ' 1D-« rib« I JAMES A. MACKAY sends the folio wiag versos:— j THE PHANTOMS OF THE PAST. I To me in the silence lonely came the phantoms of the past And o'er my morbid fancy their shadows thickly cast, * Till the ghosts of buried memories through the chamber ailfni tread, ™c And I seem to hold communion with the spirits of the dead. And chill amid the ether- that round me whirls in space The flutter of their pinions seem to cool my tired face ; While the odour of their presence, as a subtle incense stron? Floats before my jaded senses like a note of mellow song. ! I feel thy spirit fingers lightly press upon my hair, Till the weary brain responsive seems to cast away all care ? E'en as tho' thy unseen presence bore with it a healing balm Or as voice of old on ocean cast a deep and sudden calm. ' Stay awhile, ah ! well loved spirit, if thou really Blandest br Let me feast my eyes a moment where my thoughts forever Lie ? Or if thou art but a vision, born of dreaming long and dees ' But a mirage of the senses, but a picture drawn by sleep—' Then, oh ! slumber, lock thy chamber that no other enter in - Let me stay awhile with fancy, pure from earth and earthly sin ? Let me meet my long-lost idol, freed for aye from death and pain - Let me see 6he but remembers, then I have not dreamed in vain.' Nearing now, till I can almost feel her breath upon my cheek (Though the face seems brighter, better), comes the vision that I 6eek, And I gladly strive to clasp it, this my love of days now old * But, alas I as cold as marble is the form my arms enfold. While the voice that seems to echo somewhat of a distant day, Gently whispers I can never give you back a love of clay, That is buried in the coffin with the form you loved so well, Never more to hold dominion where a purer theme can dwell. Yet cast thou aside the idols that beset an earthly life, So that when the fight ie over and thou leavest the wearr strife, I can meet thee at the portals with a hope that lasts alway ? Then the dream will be eternal, for the love will be for aye. 