THE DEPUTY COMMISSONElt'S GHOST STORY. BY E.N. (Written for the Queendanicr) IT is rather over a year since a gentlemanly looking stranger was seen in Brisbane, and puzzled .those who knew nothing- of him by appearing at a Government House ball in a certain blue uniform, which, being neither distinctly naval nor distinctly military, biutjd at some mysterious official position yi jy tantalising to the curious.' Persistent inquiry was rewarded with the information that ;tliis was the Deputy High Commissioner of the Pacific, and-tbe very hazy idea cunceived by the Brisbane public as to the nature of bis authority and the extent ol his powers invested tbe visitor with an interest almoEtromantio. Itwasrumonred that on his way from Polynesia in a man-of-war be had stopped somewhere to hv.n^ a man, and, having got through this little business in a satisfactory manner, had come on to Brisbane for a brief holiday. That the Deputy High Commissioner bad been a sojourner in tbe tropics one could easily surmise from tbat inevitable eallowness with which a climate so alien to Biitish constitutions invaiiably brands its visitors lleculling the appearance of this bronzedlooking gentleman, we remember tbat he was of a grave and thoughtful cast of countenance. Gravity in men who have passed their twenty-fifth mile-lone on the road of life is not eo uncommon as to -be remarkable, nor, to speak honestly, do we remember to have been at the time particularly impressed by this characteristic in the case of the Deputy High Commissioner. But tbere is a perfectly- unconscious mental ingenuity in the faculty of imagination which is apt to impose upon the moBt pr.ieaic If one were introduced to a man of average amiability of appearance wholefr ta entirely neutral impression on one's mind,, and then afterwards should happen to bear that .be was a murderer, imagination would immediately impose upon memory be compelling it to recall particular lines and furtive sinistet expressions but too olearly denoting tbe relentless ferocity of character which bad escaped observation in tbe first instance. So it is with us in,the case of the Deputy High Commissioner of the Pacific. We remember cow not only tbat be was grave, but that be was very grave. Tbat his gravity bad aboui it, moreover, a certain wearied diequiet. That, in fact he wta exhibiting all tbe symptoms appropriate to tbe condition of a gentleman who had lately seen a ghost. For sucb indeed we find was the condition of Mr. Hugh Hasting Bomilly at the time of ; hiB brief visit bere. He had not only seen a ghost, but, aware of the general incredulity on such subjects, he had carefully kept bis experiencedo himself, and brooded over his apparition in silence. On reaching England, hbwever he resolved to discard this reticence and to give his story to tbe world in a plain and circumstantial narrative, Tbe result is a little book of about tbe length of a magazine article, very fresbly and pleasantly writ* ten, and giving a most interesting glimpse of an adyenturpus sojourn in Polynesia. What'the Spanish Main was to tbe adventurous youih of Tudor times tbe Southern Pacific is to tbe enierprisingEnglisb traveller .of to-day. A young nobleman of our days, .or A wealthy commoner, with the craving for roving adventare which seems inbred in tbe Anglo-Saxon of every country, steers hiB yacht for the $ontbern Pacific, and . finds amongst the islands of Polynesia a multitude •of new sensations; The beauty of these lovely -islands, with tbeir thickets' of rich* tinled crotonB stretching from tbe dark jungle c.ftf .the interior right down to tbe dazzling jrbite strand—in most caess protected from .the buft'etings of tbe Pacific rollers by a natural -breakwater of coral; the thin fringle 'of nodding cocoa palm's, tbe marvellous grace pf the rustling dracconas, and tbe profusion 'of vegetable weaitb, wbioh gives the whole land tbe appearanoe of a- forcing bed for rare exotics, all combine to mpress a traveller -from ^Europe with a sense of novel beauty 7ery alluring. Yet natural beauty, though mpet sati«fyingto the senses, is not the chief chars of tbit sort of t«rel. The &ttracti;?B of Bnv»|>0 lifi' which pnimptB HO many travellers to explore thu dark regi-ins of the wmld has a peculiar fascination in Polynesia. Each liule ir becomes an object of new speculation and ioterest. The great Papuan ruce, wbicb han peopled so large an are* of tbf< world's sur- UCP',' his" been curiously modified in these liitle island communities by the accident ofenvironment. On a little spit in tho ocean, not raorp.r.robably than twenty miles acrof-s, may sometimes be found three' or • four nationalises, and any member of either vonturine into foreign territory does go at the hazard of his life. In this region of perpetual summer, na'uro has been bountiful to little purpose. The scanty toil a native bestows on his " plantation ".r-.wards hitn with a rich profusion »f fruits and edibles roots, HO that his LEISURE for ALL ilia indulgences of truculent savagery is abundant. Treachery is his voc Hon, cruei ty his fivourile pastime-. There seems ample evidence that the aboriginal disposition nf the pa.ent stock wasone s>L light hearted amiability and kinu'ly ui.ta<"Cj and in many islands thin friendly cheerfulness still remains a hnppy characteristic, making the simplicity of tho people very winning a European. In others, bowc-ver, the original nature has been so long clouded by a sullen ferocity as to have been entirely obliterated, so that a visitor temp'e I within the coral r^t-f which forms, the natural breakwater to most of these islands must be in some doubt whether on reaching the strand he may receive a merry welcome from a harmless gleeful crowd or a shower of poisoned arrows from a lurking foe. It is tbie spice of danger that gives a zeBt to Polynesian travel. There is actually less in common between civilised man and primitive man than there is between the former and bis dog. In looking at the one, so near in all outward resemblances yet so immeasurably remote in every thought, sentiment, and aspiration, one certainly feels more kinship with the dog who watch B each expression o f one's mood with anxious affection. When D-irwin first saw a crowd of excited savages on the Patagonian beach, gesticulating and yelling, he thought, How empty is our pride of ruce when thus in all probability looked our aboriginal forefathers af'er they bad assumed the erect posture 1 Tbe main inoident of Mr, Romilly's story took place at R itumab, a lit'.le island wbioh, at "tbe solicitation of the chiefs, has been enured to Fiji. But at the time of Mr. Homilly's visit her Majesty's assent bad nnt been received to this extension of British responsibilities, and Sir Arthur Gordon had sent his nephew to reside on the island, and ultivate friendly relations with their chiefs. Hither Mr. Bomilly followed him, and the two young Englishmen seem to have soon won the regard of tbe chiefB, with whom they lived on ' terms of perfect intimacy. Mr. Gordon had brought an interpreter with him, an' Australian half-caste named Tom Simpson,, wba. accompanied his master on all excursions, Beverel of which are very graphically'described. An old chief, Alipati, but whom the. visitors called Albert, was the :friend they esteemed most, and on. Christmas Ere the two Englishmen, accompanied by their interpreter Tom, went over to the friendly"'old' chief's town to pass Christmas. Albert was-a hospitable fellow, and pigs.and fowls we're slaughtered without stiat. But this Christmas cheer WBB marred by a mysterious tragedy. A fine young fellow nBmed Kimueli, a general favourite in Motusa, had been hacked about the bead while asleep with a CU'IBSH or big knife, and when tbe Christmas Day dawned lay dying. Circumstantial evidence fixed tbe guilt on Tom, and it. became necesBary to arrest him and take him fori trial to Fiji. The trip to Fiji, in the Thistle, a twenty-ton cutter, which sfiotild have oocupiedthree'weeliB— but which took three months—is one of tbe best things in the booh, but we must pass it hasten on to the ghost. Tom was duly tried and sentenced to death —which sentence however, was commuted to twenty-one:. years' .imprisonment—and Mr. Bomilly returned alone to Botumali six months after hie departure in the Thistle. The royal ooneent bad been given to tbe annexation of theislaud, and Mr. Bomilly's obief business was to prepare for the cere-, mony which itrWa'B intended should be conduoted with all possible pomp and impresBiveness by Sir Arthur Gordon. The tallest j. trfb in the island was out - for n flagste j and planted on a little bill to await the proud 'moment when tbe British ensign should fly rnstling aloft amidst tbe acclamations of ber Majesty's new subjeots. But Botumahn expectancy was doomed to dis appointment. Measles having broken out in Fiji, it wae deemed pro lent to poBtpone Sir Arthur's visit. Immediately after' tbe annexation of Fiji tbis disease had ravaged tbe group, and if tbis new annexation were followeid by a. similar visitation the super- Btitious native mihd would the' tegard the affliction as a punishment for Surrendering' their oonDtry to the wbits man, So Mr. Bomilly had to remain on fof some.months in tbe new house be had built, lightening the dull evening; witlj frienily pipes with old Albert. O e' other white man, a Mr. Allardyce, shared the uneventful life with bim, and the year slipped away and another Obrietmas apprpached. . Tbe Deputy C miBBtonefc^ad built hirbeelf a comfortable house on a small.alearingiri-.tbe junglel 'and as be supplied tobaoco to any friends who oared to visit bim he was seldomalone. The rest of the story he must tell bimself :— " Two days before Christmas Day I'Was'' left all along by my aooustomed friends.in. tbe house, and spent the evening by myself. Allard^ee.and J made some remprka Bjmtit,; bnt'attaohecl no'importinbe to it of any sort Next day I went to tbe other end of tbe island and did not oome baek till .late. I had no£ eeen .Albert or; any. 'of his people during tbe day. In tbe evening I fully expeoted him up as a matter of course, but again no one made his appearanoe. . I shbuld have gone down myself to his houSe; as J /thought that possibly a danoe might be going on, wbioh would aoconnt for'no one making bis appearance, but as it was reining heavily I did not go. I asked my native servants if anything was going on ; they said there was no danoe, and they did' not know wby Albert had not epme, 1 saw by their manner: that they knew sojnetliipg more, and I saw aiso. that they iwereWfraad to tell me Tfha.t'iwwrfs. JldeWiiinetFto Alberteaily next day and find out everything from him, 'AH tbat night we were annoyed by a fratalw aftd womu'zimoi Uerena, who walked ronnd and round tbe house crying ' Kimodi,' 1 Kimueli,' We tbongbt nothing of it, as we were qaite acoustomel to her. Next day I went down early to Albert's house. He was out to biB work in the buBh. I Raid, ' Albert, why bave "you notiffen to aeermcfor two' nights ?' ^ 5 \ { •'"' Me 'fraid,' said Albert ; r 3e"ad man be walks.' " ' What dead man ?', '. » " 1 Kimueli.' ' '"'' ' " Of couree I laugbed at him. It was an every-day occurrence for natives who had been out late at night in the bash to come home saying they bad teen ghosts. If I wished to send a message after Bunset it was always necessary to engage tbres or four men to take it. Nothing wonld have induced any man to, go by himself.. The,, only man who was free from these fears was my interpreter; Friday.", He war"a native/ but had lived all liia life a'moug "white" . people. When-Fridtty came down from bis btth village'to"-my house thj.t morning, lie was evidently a good deal troubled in his miud.* He said— "' You remember that man Kimuen, sir, that Tom kill«d ?' "1 said,"'Yes^ Albert shys he is walking about.' • "I expeotod Friday to laagh, but he' looked very serious and said— '" Every one in MotbBa fiasseen him, sir ^ the women are BO frightened that they all sleep together in the b'g bouse.' , ^ "' What does he do ?' said I. Where has he been to ? What men have Been him ?' "Friday mentioned a number of bouses into which Kimueli had gone. It appeared tbat-bis bead was tied up-witb banana leayt-s and his race covered with blond. No one had heard him speak. Tbis was unusual, as tbe ghosts I had heard the natives talk Bbnut <>n other occasions inv some common-place subject. Tbe village was very much upset.. For two nights thiB had happened, and several m»n and woman had be^n terribly frightened.. It was evident that all tbiB WHS not imagin^i in on the p r of one man. I thought it possible that some madman was personating Kimueli, though it seemed almost impossible that anyone could do so without being found ou . I announced my determination to sit outside Alber V bouse thit n : ght and watch for htm. I als i told Albert tbat I should bring a rifle and have a shot if I saw the ghoBt. This I said for the benefit of anyone who might be playing its part. (TO BE CONTINUED.) SETTING THE THAMES ON FIEE.— A remarkable instance of an error arising from similarity in sound is in the phrase, " settiug tbe. Thames-on fire." Tbe substitution of tbe name of a river for tbe correct word entirely' deprives the expression of any meaning, and so general has the error become thatj foolish though the mistake is, it is perhapB useless to attempt to restore the true signification of the saying, wbioh, like many others, is traceable to the domestic 'pursuits of our forefathers before machinery did somuch-of tbeir work. . Many years ago, before macbiaery was introduced into flour mills ifor tbe purpose of sifting flour, it WBB the custom of the miller to send it away unsifted.' The process of sifting was done at home thus;—The temse, or sieve, which'was moved with a rim tbat projected from the bottom of it, WBB worked over tbe moutb of tbe barrel into which the flour or meal was sifted. Tbe active fellow, who worked hard, not unfrequently set tbe rem on fire by force'of friction against the rim of the flnur barrel ; BO that this department of domestic employment", became a standard iy „-Wbicb to .test, a knan's, will and capacity to work bard. Tuus, of a lazy tellow, or one deficient in strength, it was said be " will never set tbe temee on fire." Tbe word is still in common use in Lincolnshire to signify tbe sieve used by browers tp remove, the bops from the beer. ^ !•;,-.. A HTJ&TEBVith; an empty gtme-bap/BaVe the New. York World, enters a country tavern at nightfall, apd with an air of gloom bids tbe host serve him with a glass of wine. " Yes, my friend-; I did not bag a single thing. The fiist time such a thing .bas happened to ine in tbe cuiirse of iny^ite.*' : "fSporrsman's perjury, at which Jove laughs!) "Welt, it you are anxious to take something home I have a?, bare out in 'the stable tbat' I Would -Dot mind;parting.to you for. ten.ftanpp," j'.' A; hare? Dead?" "Noj alive, I caught ij. yeBterday." "I'll take'it'." The landlord' .leads the hunter outinto the yard aod brings out - the hare, - which be-tieB -to a ; 'ataW-by-fc cord, fastened to its foot. " Now, sir, uluze •wiyV The'sportBtnan -retires to -few paces, brings his gun to bis sboylde., and blazes away, and tbe charge takes effect in the cord, and tbe bare bounds lightly over the fence, and diaappearajn tbe azure .distance/, AN ESTABLISHED TBHOHT.—There is a, theory advanced by 'scieiitistii that' if you 1 whieper in the ear of a sleeping sau the impression of-you' words-will -b^cinveyed to his miud as by a dream. We recently ex. perimeoied with itbis ,th'eory an'd^<'fahbd ii 1 worked very satiefictorily. A noted Western scuut who boasted of having slaiu 200 Indiaus was stoppiugat tbe hotel where we reside,;. We entered bis room and >whispered in his ear : " We are attacked by , Iy^iane,!, The'red devilB "are iipon us 1" Did'he spring up, grab for a knife, and blindly rush forward tor a fray ? He' did'arisfl fr.;m the bed, And.heiorawlcd under it. There.cati be no doubt tbat the ..theory ia Boston Post. • ; .' v' '*'; 