CONSECRATION OF ST. PETER'S CHURCH. GLENELG. On Saturday. May 19, the ceremony of the consecration of St. Peter's Church, Glenelg, was performed by the Bishop of Adelaide. The Church was crowded in every part, a number having to avail themselves of the standing - room. The service was read by the officiating clergyman, the Rev. S. French. The order of the consecration was as follows:—The Bishop, with a number of the clergy and laity, proceeded from St. Peter's Schoolroom to the west door of the Church. The Building Committee came first, followed by the choir and the assisting clergy, Bishop Kennion, attended by his Chaplain and Registrar, closing the procession. The Bishop having proceeded to the front of the altar (upon which the vessels for Holy Com munion were placed), Messrs. R. Smith and H. R. Fenton (Wardens), together with Mr. W. R. Wigley (one of the Trustees), pre sented to him the deeds of the Church, which His Lordship placed upon the hcly table; also a petition, praying him to consecrate the Church, which was read aloud. Prayer having been ottered by the Bishop, all stood up, while the sentence of consecration was read by the Registrar (Mr. A. Sturcke), signed by the Biehop, who, standing forward, said, "I declare this Church of St. Peter to be now consecrated and set apart to Cod for ever, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen." The "Te Deum" waB then sung, and the remainder of the service having been gone through, a sermon was delivered bv His Lordship on the text, " And of 2ion it shall be said, this and that man was born in her; and the highest himself Bhall establish her. The Lord shall count, when he writeth up the people, that this mau was born there. As well the singers as the players on instru ments shall be there : all my springs are in thee."—Psalm lxxxvii. 5, *6, and 7. This glorious Psalm, if properly interpreted, was but an anticipation of the Hew Testament itself. It spoke in a spirit of catholicity, which the Jew would hardly be able to interpret, of the widespread influence and the vast range of the Church. In its lan guage and authorship the Psalm demanded attention, and, like Luther's favourite Psalm, it was perhaps written after that wonderful delivery from the army of Sennacherib by which Jerusalem had been encompassed in the days of Hezekiah. The text, moreover, pointed most ful'y to the Church as being the home of the nation. Whercer the Church of England had spread she had carried with her those lineaments of holiness, truth, and order which the world's kingdoms could not supply. The services of the Christian Church were most important at the present time, when lawlessness was sweeping over Europe, and making every throne tremble. Where could the conflicting strivings of the people be consolidated if not. in the Christian spiritual citizenship, iu which each nation, without losing _ its. identity, may have its part and portion? The text spoke also of the bright inheritance above, where each one would become the recipient of God's holy spirit. But besides the home of the nation, the Church was also the home of the individual, and we might thank God indeed that it had been reserved for us to see the awakening love for the grand truth of the corporeity of the Church and the realizing of the fact that we are one grand body ; that we are not isolated congre gations, but that we are met together as one great body, of which Christ Jesus is the unseen Head. There were so many scattered communities that it might seem impossible for men to realize that they were one tabernacle, in which the spirit of Chris tianity should ever dwell j yet we should thank God that we were privileged in this day to see the Church awakening to the fact thatunless they were united as agreatSociety, perpetually gathering strength, they would not be qualified for the great work that lay before them. The words of the text, more over, breathed, as it were, an anticipation of the rite of baptism, which makes every one a member of the Church of God. Those who fully realized the words would come truly to consider the Church as their home, and Christ, as preached therein, _ as the strepgthener and refresher of their souls in the Zion of God's House. The preacher then referred to the oblation, benediction, and consecration which they had witnessed, and which had hallowed that spot and made it holy fortbem, when they should come to it in a spirit of true reverence. In conclusion he exhorted those present to give freely towards removing the debt which remained on the Church. The service terminated with the apostolic benediction. St. Peter's ie a large and commodious Church, and is capable of seating COO persons. In Bize it is 91.ft._ by 46 ft., exclusive of the chancel, which is 25 ft. by 21 ft. The total cost will be about £4,000, replaces the old Church that occupied the same site, and which, by reason of its small size, was nnsuited to tne growing wants of the Anglican community ofGlenelg. 