The Novelist, lone Stewart. Br E. Lrm* LINTON, ATTTHOB of PATRICIA KEM- BALI-, THB ATONEMENT OF LEAM DUNDAS, UNDEB WHICH LOUD, MT LOVE, ETC, ETC. CHAPTER VII.-(CONTINUED.) He stood for a moment looking at what was before him. What an interesting place it was: with its quaint rows of clipped yew-trees, its old fashioned close-set hedges, and its long straight terraces, terrace on terrace, leading by steps down to the fountain arid the fish pond below. The peacocks sunning themselves in the broad walk, and screaming from thc lower branches of the formal yew-irees; the pigeons fluttering about « the gabled roof, and cooing to each other, softly, unceasingly, with the pathetic yearning, the very \- remonstrances of love in their tones; the big . brown wolf-hound lying tranquilly before the house door, knowing whom to mitt and when to . guard j the beds of fragrant flowers, the sweet long lines of lilies, and odorous sweetpea, the clumps of clovepmks and mignonette set about the feet of damask roa«3 and starry jasmine ; the lazy summer sunshine lying over all, languid rattier than fervid, and moro soothing than ex- citing, all added to the charm of this most delight- ful place, this bit of old-world beauty standing in the midst of the garish new, like a noble pearl, slightly discoloured by age, set in the midst of j Palais Royal jewellery. And tho ladies themselves with their sugges- tion of dried rose leaves and odoriferous gums they were in keeping with the house; out of the run of daily life as we have it now, something purer and more lovely, more modest and more gentle, something apart and sacred. And Monica, that crown of gracious womanhood, that flower of sweet Unsullied maidenhood V Ah, how pure and beautiful she was : How well he understood now all that poets;haye ever written of their Beautiful Ladies,,their Madonnas, their Lauras, their Beat- rice's; their ^Leonoras, their Maries ! How well he knew, the empire that lies in a Baintly woman's life, the, .majesty pf her faith, the nobility of hor thoughts, the grand dominion of her purity. Be- fore he 'came td 'Oakhurst he thought he had mastered some of life's sacred secrets, and had touched the chords of some of its deepest melodies. Now he knew that he had known nothing, felt no- thing, that his whole world had lain in the cold and colourless twilight of the early dawn before the sün; had touched the mountain tops with glory, or struck its warmth down to the roots of the forest trees, or shed its radiance on the way- side flowers. Neither of woman nor of man had he learned the deepest things ; neither of life nor of i de'ath had he seen the truest moaning. His eyes had 'been blind, his mind obscured, until he came, to.iwhere his Lady had wakened him with th,e living light of love ; and now he knew all but moBt of all, he knew the infinite power of love, and the deathless force of sorrow. "AU this was in his mind as an impression rather than as conscious thought, while he stood for a moment on the terrace, facing the downward lines, and noting the fountain sparkling in the sun as the closing point of all. . Suddenly Monica came into view ; Bhe turned the corner of the lowest avenue, and came up - the Bteps leading from the fish pond and the fountain to the house through the garden and its quaint-cut alleys. She carried her hat in her hand, and her heavy hair, which"., had fallen a little loose from its fas- tenings, drooped on her shoulders in a waving mass of tender brown, which the yellow sunlight turned to gold on the edges. That sunlight fell on, her . face and barred the folds of the white dress ' she * wore with lines of shining light. Of some sofii clinging stuff, this dress had about it certain bands and; tracks of pale green, so that she[ 'might' bè likened to a lily with its green sheath still-abdut the base of the petals, and the face of. this angel of whioh it was the natural ex- pression, loo kin g .out-on life from above the cha- lice." All grace, all purity, all virginal delicacy of soul and body, full of a quiet and tender me- lancholy" which was lees sadness than self-sup- pression, resigned, devoted, humble, making that B tr an ge land of ardent dreams her own world apart, and living in tho dull monotony of cheer- less fact for love's sake and duty-she was to St. Claire the very ideal of chastened maidenhood, whose thoughts were blighter than her dayB, and whoBe visions reached beyond experience. She was his saint, his love, his lady,* and.to live for her happiness, or to die for her gain, would be equally his best attainment, should fate prove so far his friend as to grant him either the one position or the other. The shock of glad surprise on seeing her coin- ing there in the sunlight so unexpectedly,.after he had Blain the hope of meeting her to-day and laid it in the grave of his despair, overcame all purely conventional considerations, and - Armine ran hurriedly down the flights of steps which were between them, to meet her as she ascended. By natural instinct, when he had met her, he stoed so that their positions were reversed. She was on the step higher than he, looking down on him and towards the fountain, he was On that lower than hers, looking up io her,and the house. *' This is my last visit. I have to wish-.you good-bye,*', he , said, speaking abruptly, and with Borne difficulty.' Her gentle face] was very pale, and a3 he-said this it became even more pallid than before ; but she kept it quite stiU. and motionless, somewhat as'if shé werê rehearsing a part which demanded absolute "iminbbilîty of feature. Her ..eyes were rather; dar.keï than usual, and they .did not look into St.\Cia,ire's face but over his.hoad, and on to the fountain, sparkling in the Bun. *.i I am sorry/' she said, quietlyt Immediately after si e. repented that she had said. only so much, for such a sudden flash of j ny . broke Over his face-such a passionate outburst of "gratitude and delight seemed to stir his whole beirigythat she wasboth troubled and repentant. For her path -was clear j and eince. that dinner at the Manor ßhe had realised her own danger, as ». wejl as grieved for his mistake. Henceforth there must he no paltering with this present peril, no playing with this seductive poison. Her duty was written in unmistakable characters. She could not mistake them. And reading those let- ters so clearly as she did, but one course was open to her. That which might have blossomed into such a glorious flower of life and love and happi- ness must be nipped now while it was time, and whdn only in the acknowledged bud. ¡ It was his last chance. Sooner or later he must tempt Providence and try conclusions with destiny j why not now as well as hereafter ? He might not see her alone again for weeks ; why not utilise what might prove the turning-point of his career ? the servant was out of his hands, and he could not count on any future occasion for daily visits. He must stake his all on the hazard of the die now at once, and know his fate before leaving. Quite suddenly, he said in the same abrupt way as before : " I want to have that point cleared up, Miss Barrington j I want to have it thoroughly under- stood : do you think all unequal marriages, in all circumstances whatsoever, absolutely inadmissi- ble; could you never.be brought to make one on your jwn account ?" "I would never marry -without my mother's full permission," she said, answering tho second half of his question and not the first. " But if your mother gave her consent, would you then ?" he asked, feverishly. "I need not look to that-my mother never would," she answered, her voice a little lowered. "You heard what she said, and I know what she feels." . " And you could not be moved against her wishes} not if you loved ?" He looked up at her, his whole soul on his face, his love pleading for him in eyes, in voice, in ges- ture, in all but direct word. She turned her eyes from the fountain and looked down at him with sad and infinite tender- ness; t hen she looked back to these shining filling waters which somehow represented to her the eternal impossibilities of her life. " I would never allow myself to love so as to hurt my mother/' she answered softly,yet without faltering. " I owe myself to her, and no one-no one could induce mo to pain her !" I J "But the heart is not to be commanded by j duty," he said. " "We love independent'of our will." "We must control ourselves if our love wars with our duty," she answered. " We have reason, conscience and self-restraint." ,\ " And if you not only sadden your own life hut break another's heart?" he asked. " I muBt not break my mother's," she returned. " And is this your real feeling 5 your own vo- luntary resolution, not forced on you by pressure from without ?" 1 e as!,el again. " Yes, it ÍB," she said, in a low, clear voice. " My one great duty is to take care of my mother and make her happy." " And your lover P-the man who loves you better than his life P" he said, his woids half strangled with emotion. Again she brought her eyes back from the foun- tain and turned them down to the feverish, grieving, upturned face. " Hush !" she said, slightly raising her hand. "I have no lovers, no lovers anywhere-only friends. You will remember thia ?" she added, banding a little nearer as she spoke, her own face full of sweetest pity, of an almost divine tender- ness, so that all sorrow for herself seemed Bwept away in the infinite sympathy she f<?lfc for that other's Borrow. " No man must ever confess to me or to others that he loved me, and I must not ac- knowledge even to myself that I love him. I have only friends-nothing nearer than friends," she repeated, a little dreamily and yet sfeadily. j " You have one lover faithful to the death !" j said Armine, with passion. " Come what may, I love you dearer than my life, and I shall always love you-always ! No time, no change, nor death itself, shall ever warp me from my allegiance to 1 you- Monica. Ah ! let me call you by your dear name once, it is only for this once 1 Monica, the world'B soul to me-the meaning of life-the hope of Heaven !" She held out her hand, affecting not to hear him. I " I must go now," she said. " My mother is I ezpeoting me. Good-bye. Keep well-be happy." " Happy !" he said bitterly.. " I shall never be happy ! How is it possible, when I have lost all I care for-ali' I have lived and hoped for! Happy !" "Yes," she answered, gently) " you will-you must-for you are reasonable and good. You are good," she repeated, "you will be happy. I I know you will, because I wish it. Good-bye, and I God bloss you 1" She laid her hand in his. He carried it to his lips with that sad reverence of a love which is at once hopeless , and intense. His eyes were wet but hers were tearless and dry. The strain aB well as the sorrow was on her ; on him was only the sorrow. She .must be strong both to deny and to bear ; he had only to bear with whateourage he possessed. The heaviest burden was on the woman, as it is so often !-when she must pain herself as well. as the man who loves her and whom she love?, and refuse for conscience saka that which would make her life's happiness so great. Poor weak loving woman, how much may ba forgiven them because of their love and the burden-,of their sorrows 1 "Good-bye," lie said, in a broken voice. "I understand you. God bless you ! always, always my own gracious lady, the priceless treasure of my lite I No one can. prevent my loving you," he went on to say, passionately. " I may not show it, even to you, and I must not ask your love in I return ; but thoughts and hearts are free, and to the end of time you will be the one sacred and secretly beloved woman of my inner life-my star, my beloved !" /; " Hush, hush !" she said, " you must not say these things ! you must forget that you have said them. Remember ! I have already forgofcteh/'. she said, simply and earnestly. ""We,understand each other-but all this is forbidden." "Ah ! what 1 have lost I1' he exclaimed, in a kind of agony, "But at least your frlendahi] remains to me ? your friendship is mine for eyer is it not ? ' he repeated, as if he found in thai repetition some strange comfort and anchorage. "Forever,"she answered,solemnly. "Forever My friendship ?-y es, always; we wiU be always friends." She passed her hand over her fore- head, and both stood for half a moment silent. Then she seemed as if she woke front a dream. " Now, good-bye, once more," she said, looking at him steadily. Nothing is changed between us, aid we stand just where we did. You understand ail this, do you net ? Nothing is changed, never has been, and we are friends as we were in the beginning. Just the same, all the same as in the beginning. Good-bye," she repeated tenderly, as she made a little movement with her hand, a movement that seemed to express both a bene- diction and a farewell, then turned away and went slowly up the steps towards the house, leav- ing St. Claire in the yellow summer sunshine, alone. It waa all over. He had made no way, and his doom of exile and banishment bad been pro- nounced. For the lirtt time he realised the tull disabilities of his position, and tasted the true bitterness of his Bocial fall. : He was only a coun- try doctor and Monica barrington, one of the county families, could never be his wife. His youthful theories about a man's individual worth, and the glorious application of science in the mitigation of human ills, where were they now ? Standing there in the garden of the Dower House a rejected suitor for the hand of the only woman he had ever loved, or, as it seemed to him, ever could love, what good could they do him j what solace did they bring P All of which he was con- scious was, that the bright bubble of his hope had burst for ever, and that he must bear his an- guish in the best way he could. As for Monica, who could say what was in; her heart as she went into her mother, in the's weet and gracious way that was natural te her, dreamy yet loving, her perceptions not always, fully aroused, but her heart ever responsive, her sense Of duty ever active, her unselfishness, never Blackening. " My dear," said her mother, " Dr. St. Claire has just been here for the last time. I am sorry you were not at home. I shall really quite miss his visits J ho is a very painstaking and creditable young man, poor creature, and he has always be- haved well hore." . " I met him asl was coming home, and wished him good-bye," said Monica. ! She spoke quite calmly ; perhaps a little more under her breath than usual ; but she had always à low voice, and a soft intonation. ", " That was right," said Mrs. Barrington, look- ing'at her fondly. The girl was standing so that the light fell full on her face, and made every line and marking clear even to the mother's dimmer, vision» "My dear child, how pale you are 1" she ex- claimed. .* Are you well, Monica P I have never seen you so pale 1" .* Am I V" she answered, forcing a smile. "It is nothing, dear mother. I am quite well. Per- haps the heat has touched me a little, lt seemed a îong way to the village to-day. It must have been the heat." "You should not haye walked. You should have .had the carriage," said Mrs. Barrington, who had the mania of finding reasons, and mark- ing the fault. " It is nothing," repeated Monica ; " but I think I will go upstairs and lie down for a little while. You will not mind my leaving you, mo- ther ? I have a little/headache after all," . She spoke in a curiously staccato way, her sen- tences disconnected one from the other ; and as she spoke she passed her hand again wearily over her forehead] as she had passed it in the gar- den below. " No, my dear, certainly Ï shall not mind your leaving me. Go and lie down till dinner-time," said ¿Irs. Barrington. It is evidently the heat, and a little rest will do you good." «. . Monica kissed her mother, and then went up- stairs ; but not to lie down for the sake of her headache. On the contrary, she flung herself on her couch, and turned her face to the pillows, weeping bitterly. The strain was relaxed and the reaction came, as it needs must. But through all her tears phe said to herself again and again, as if she were repeating a charm, " It will aU pass, and he will marry some one else, I have done my duty and it will pass-with him, but never with me !" When the gong sounded for dinner, and she went downstairs again, she found Theodosia already installed. Anthony waa dining out offi- cially, and the feather-headed little wife hated solitude. The atmosphere of the Dower House was certainly not very congenial to her, but it was better than lonelinesss ; so she -had come to bestow- herself on her mother-in-law, and her mother-in- law had accepted the gift and made her welcome. «'My goodneea, Monica !" she exclaimed, as the girl came into the room; "what a ghost you look! You are as white as a sheet, and you look as if you had heard Borne awful news. And your eyeB are as red as if you. had been crying. Have you been crying, Monica?" pertly. "Theo; what an idea!" said Monica,with a forced smile.* . ' '" My dear Theodosia, what should Monica have to cry about ?" asked Mrs. Barrington, seriously, looking over her spectacles as if she expected to see something strange. '" That is what I do not know, mamma; but she looks like it," said Theodosia, still keeping her eyes fixed on her sister-in-law. " Do I P" said Monica, rubbing her cheeks with forced playfulness. "Are they any redder now, Theo?" " Your eyes are no less red," said Theodosia, with a curious air of moaning. "I think there must be something in the weather to-day/' she continued in her light, flippant way, "for I met Dr. St, Claire as I was coming here, and he looked as much of a ghoBt as Monica, and as if he had/ been crying too. Had you been scolding him, Monica?" I Nothing was BO rare'to'Monica as to blush. I When Bhe was most moved she usually became moat pale, bufc now tba blood rushed up into her face in a rosey flood, and she answered, for her, quite petulantly : " You certainly contrive to say the most extra- ordinary things possible, Theo ! I wonder where you get your ideas from-from nothing real, I am sure." - " From my own head, and my own eyes," an- swered Theodosia, sharply ; her bright and glit- tering orbs fia ed with a curiously searching as well as mocking expression on her sister. " It is a pity, ray dear, they have such a poor foundation," said Mrs. Barrington, calmly. " Oh, I know, mamma, you think me a perfect idiot," Baid Theodosia, tossing her head ; "but I am not so silly as I look, and I see more than most people." _ " In millstones I fancy, my dear," returned her mother-in-law, taking her daughter's arm as they went in to dinner. All that evening Theodosia was moody and somewhat morose; strangely silent, and when she spoke decidedly snappish and cross. She spoke suddenly of Dr. St. Claire more than once, and looked sharply at her sister-in-law when she did so; and she'said allsorts of disagreeable things about him-now that she had heard he was going to marry MigB Flora Farley, or now that he was a most disgraceful and decided flirt. She seemed as if she wanted to goad Monica to some kind of de- fence; but she prodded in vain-the sweet, dreamy eyes neither flashed nor failed, and the only answer made to her vicious sallies was : "Oh." "Indeed." "Beally !" "Do they say so P" or the like. ; Still, Theodosia was not beaten off the scent, and Monica saw that she was not. Brt Mrs. Babington, who understood nothing of the hid- den meaning, was ßimply weary of, and rather offended by-, the censorious pertinacity of Antho- ny's wife 5 and when she went away, the dear lady said, with the mild sarcasm'of her kind: "Theodosia was in an unusual mood to-night. I do not know which is the more objectionable, her chat+er and frivolity, or ; her ill-temper and iU-nature. Ah, my poor son ! what a* choice he has made." - ' 