DAINTREE RIVER. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] November 1. SINCE my last report we have had some ex the every dry weather which is felt very severely by all the selectors here, as it keeps farming operations very much back All the small freshwater creek, in particular on the Lower Dam tice, are all day, so that the people who are living there have to go a long distance up the river to fresh water and had then water casks From Stewart's selection, up the river, both on the branch and the main river, this want is never felt, although the water in the Upper Daintree is getting pretty low in a couple of places If rain does not come soon, all water communication above tidal influence will be over, as it will be an impossibility to get over a couple of flats even with an empty boat Rather a piece of bad luck befel Mr J W Stewart a few weeks ago, as some of his kanakas had been cal class enough with their pipes so that a large piece of in the took the und was destroyed the (no also spread to the newly felled scrub which had only been down some weeks, so that Mr. Stewart had to burn it will off All with capes fence in sea iib country know what a great deal of bother and over i labour it curses if the scrub is lived off: before its properties, unless the timber is wanted for hicwoodfoi the mill, like loundMickay and other more advanced places But as were not so fortunate here on the Daintree to have as much even is a ghost of a mill, except our saw mill, which by the by e does not equal any in e wood, but plenty of water Great anxiety was felt a couple of weeks ago by the sudden disappearance of a little girl, Annie McLennan, a daughter of Mr bin veyor G McLennan She was playing round her parents' house with the younger brother, within sight of the parents and several other people, whonsuddenly she was nowhere to be seen When she was missed, ill started in search of the child lhohousoand am found in scrub was searched, and one of the party even started to drag the mci, close to the landing place, thinking that the child might have gone down there and fallen into the water which, however, is a long distance from the house Fortunately the sorrow of the parents and neighbours soon turned to joy on finding the little one, fast asleep, behind some boxes and lumber in a corner of the house, while she, tired of playing and un noticed of everybody, betrothed We have lately had a couple of visits from the niggers to two different places on the river On the lefthand branch they suddenly made their appearance too near habitations to be pleasant, and the same on the main river, opposite to the selection loved are, where they fixed their camps on glass mountain, and remained there for more than a week They apparently showed no inclination to trouble the selector 01 Ina household, so he left them unmolested asheeonsideiedthattheyh id just as much light to camp where they were as he had on his side Had he known that the ranges all the week they were camped opposite to him were feasting on some splendid ironbark pumpkins, which were altogether too good to feed them on he would li tidly hair, fern lined passive Plus was not discovered until after the tube had left, and with them a couple of hundred of the pumpkins, in fact, there were only the ice left, out of which two were rotten and the third was notice yet so that what could have kept a good number of civilised people for a month was consumed in less than a week by a number of s w ages We have had our post office shifted since my last to Mr J Mahoney a genes in store, a little further down the river from where it was before It is far from being a central place, being one of the first habitations seen on coming up the rivcr If somebody would start butcher ing on the river we would be pretty well off At the present time, we get our salt beef from the Port Douglas butcher, at a price of 25s per 100lbs , to which has to be added freight to here, so, considering the number of people living here, which constantly mci cases, there is a pretty fair opening for a small butchering business Good and safe go as flats and i lodges are not seal co here to run the cattle on November 12. It may be remembered that last wet season a selector named Richard Kiely disappeared from his selection. After his disappearance was noticed all was done by the neighbours as well as by Mr. Inspector Carr, of the native police, and his trackers to find any tracks that could lead to the discovery of his supposed untimely end. Nothing at all was found then to show what became of the poor man, but it was supposed that he met his death by drown ing in attempting to cross the flooded river in an unsafe boat, as the boat was found afterwards, with its bottom staved in, on the beach near the mouth of the river. A few days ago when a man was engaged in clear- ing away the scrub on the riverbank, on Mr. Francois du Couret's selection, just opposite to the place where Kiely at the time it was camped, he came across the chain with a rope attached, which the owner of the abovementioned boat, Mr. W. Reynolds at once recognised as his pro- perty, and belonging to the boat. The chain and rope were found carefully made fast to a tree, which shows that poor Kiely did succeed in reaching the opposite shore, as he had landed there right enough, and had time to make the boat fast, but what then became of him if he was drowned in the attempt to step out of the boat or in crossing a gully between the in a bank and Mr. du Couret's house remains yet a mystery. November 14. One of our neighbours, a Mr. Waterston, sen., who has lately taken up a selection near the mouth of the river, started a few days ago from his place on horseback to go to Port Douglas. Arriving at the Mosman River, which he had to cross, the tide was up, so that the river was swimmable. He started to cross it, but the horse refused to swim and was actually drowned under him. Mr Water- stone could not swim himself, so he had to remain on the floating carcass of the horse trying the best he could with legs and arms to paddle towards one of the banks. In his attempt to reach the dry land he once fell into the water, the carcass rolling over him, and it was with great difficulty that he again after some time regained his seat. Fortunately the tide was going in at the time, and at last, after having been two hours in his perilous position, he reached the shore safe and sound. There is no mistake that if the tide had been running out instead of in, his rescue might have been very doubtful. We had lately a flying visit to the men of the Government steam launch Bingo (the steamer in attendance to the dredge Bremer) with some Port Douglas ladies and gentlemen on board, She left after a stay of one day. 