DANCES. I ah aware that, in sp:te of all the authorities I have adduced, some calling themselves Catholics will con tinue to indulge in the sinful amuse ment of round dancing. " For soandals must be," said Our Lord. " But woe to him by whom the scandal oometh. It were better for him that a millstone were tied about his ueok and he were drowned iu the depths of the sea, than scanda lize one of these little ones." And if Boandal given to one uhild deserves ,emsh a death, what woes will Jesus, on judgment day, hurl against those who soandalized not one only, but a whole family, an entire con gregation, aye, an entire city? What will He say of parents who teach their ohildren these dances . and enoourage them to practice them P If but one of the children Bhould be lost through the temp ' tation to whioh you expose them, would not the blood of that mur dered one, the agony of that lost soul, cry up from its dismal dungeon to heaven, for vengeance agaist you ? Vain, worldly mother! if you are reckless of your own ralvation, at least spare, oh spare the soul of your innocent little daughter! And you who are young, though it should cost as much to abstain totally from dangerous dances as it would to lose a hand, or a foot, or an eye—re member the words of your Saviour : " If thy hand or thy foot scandalize thee, cut it off and cast it from thee; and if thine eye scandalize thee, pluck it out and oast it from thee; for it is better for thee to go into life maimed or lame, or having but one eye, than having two hands or two feet or two eyes, to be oast into hell fire." St. Paul declares most positively, " Your bodies are the temples of the Holy Ghost, and that if any man violate the temple of God, him will God destroy; for the temple of God is holy, which you are." And it is a greater or less violation of the temple of God to whirl it about in an immodest dance. Tou know—for* God declares it by the Bame apostle—that you are flesh of the flesh and bono of the bone of Jesus Christ. And consequently you cannot lawfully go whither He cannot accompany you, nor partici pate in amusements which His curse nas blaokened and blasted. Let us confine ourselves to those pleasures whioh, as they contribute to the health, both of soul and body nerve and strengthen us to bear the Cross which is the daily portion of i all the Saviour s disciples. The crown of perpetual pleasure is reserved for another life, mere to be reward only of those who abstain from illicit pleasures here, and consequently not worn by those who bind their temples with the roses of earth's pleasures and fill mansion and mea dow with the sound of revelry and dissipation, regardless of Christian modesty and mortifications. Let us avoid their sin if we would escape their punishment; and let us pray that they, too, may see their fault, repent of it, and finally that they and we may enjoy the company of Him who is« as truly the God of modesty as He is the God of majesty. —Record. Near Newcastle, on Tuesday, the Ferndale Colliery Company, bottom ed the newly disoovered seam of coal at the intersection of the New castle and Hamilton municipalities.1 It; was found to measure no less than 10ft in thickness. The bands were i ■—one of 8in "jerry," and two stone bands an inch in thickness. This result is looked upon as being a feather in the cap for the Company, as it clearly proves the seam to be of great value. Le Grand.—In connection with the Derby winner, a correspondent furnishes the Sportsman with the following facts from a reliable au thority :—" Le Grand was one of a number of yearlings in the Grange Stud when Mr. W. H. Kent pur chased it on die death of the late Sir Joshua P. Bell, and -being just the class of youngster Mr. Kent's many years' experience in this. line taught him to hold in great respect, he refrained from celling him in Queenslandat his annual sale of yearliugs but kept him and had him broken in and tried, when he an swered the «all. Le Grand was then considered good enough to send to Sydney to be sold and properly trained, which would do the stud no harm. Having taken all sorts of core of the colt, he was landed in Sydney in good condition, and with another was offered by Mr. Clib born at auction, but failed to find a new o^ner — oh, dear, no — the Sydney purchasers were too good judges. He was then handed over to the best trainer Mr. Kent knew in Sydney, Tom Brown, to be pre pared for the Maribymong Plate; but Mr. Brown's stable had too many " good things " in it at the time, so Le Grand merely got a start in a trumpery two-year-old race, and was then sent home to let grow. However, Mr. Kent was not to be beaten in giving the colt a show, and handed him over to the other extreme in the way of trainers—from the sublime to the ridiculous, w it were—from Brown to Jost and the ridioulous. won all befoee it. What a funny gqpie racing is '' A New Zealand paper reports thaf Gantain Haultain, of tne ketob Reliance, was knocked overboaid while the ketch was jibinjr, early in the morning, off Wan^arei Heads. He swum for half an hour, cooeeing, in the rain. He then stripped off his clothes and made for the eh -re, which was three miles off, being guided by the light.He at last land ed on the beaoh, nearly dead, after swimming for three hours in a heavy sea An Enpensive Breakage.—The Fiji Times of the 8th instant states that a serious breakage occurred in landing sugar machinery at Mago. When it was ordered from Glasgow the company also ordered slings cap able of hoisting the pieces safely, so that no risk should be run in landing These were supplied; the machinery was got into the punts all right and safely towed to the landing .place, when the new slings were used for hoisting it on shore. All went well until the men were hoisting out one of the triple effet pans, a weighty and expensive portion of the ma chinery, when, as the pan was in the air, the sling gave way and it fell on a rook close to the pier and was dashed to pieces. The breakage will cost the company £1500, irrespective of the loss resulting from any delay it may occasion. Referring to the newly appointed Bishop of Sydney, the London cor sespondent of the South Australian Register observes:—" The newly nominated primate has always been regarded as an ambitious man, and I learn that the manner in which Sydney was offered to him, with the alternative of the Deanery of Exeter, was a hint that if he did not go out he would be shelved. No doubt there are other causes at work which have produced this piece of self-sacrifice upon the part of so ambitious a man, and one who has been known to aim for a long time at an English bishop ric. Last year Canon Barry l"st his daughter in Switzerland,and that may have produced a wish for a change of country, or rendered the change less painful; but whatever maybe the cause at work, and how severely the new primate may be feeling the discipline of the Church of England, his nomination is an unqualified gain to the colonies." Leprosy in the Cigarette.— Leprosy, says a physician of San Francisco, has not a few victims among the whites. Especially re vealing itself about the lips and the tongeus of boys who smoke cigar ettes made by Chinese lepers. The disease, though fatal, is slow in giv ing tokens of the first approaches. The doctor knows of 170 cases, the majority Mongolian. The disease is very contagious ; sleeping in bed clothes handled by infected Chinese servants, even sitting on the chairs they have used, handling the same things,&c.;, is dangerous. The disease often, is not observable for four or five years, and then only by phy sicians accustomed to examining such patients. In the Sandwich Islands, where it prevails, an island is set apart for lepers. The hospital has at this time 8000 lepers A vigilant eye is kept on the look-out fur traces of incipient leprosy. When observed the person is at once sent to the hospital, but a great many are concealed by friends, and thus the disease spreads. One doctor claims to have counteracted recent developments by inoculation, another by eucalyptus leaves. The leper does not suffer much pain till his fingers and toes drop off. When the leprous sores are still on their hands they work in Chinese cigftr factories, and give wide spread to the infection. Clothes washermen do the same. 