TIT BITS. BY THIt NOVICE. ON the occasion of Bishop Solwyn's lecture last week a moBt amusing incident occurred. A clergyman from another part of the dis^ trict drove Hp to the school-room in a buggy -similar to the'Rev. G-. Brown's wliojit was expected would drive his lordship from the station-and a prominent layman imme diately waited-on the clergyman; ljat in hand, with some remark about the Bishop who, ot course ho had never seen.' The clergyman'not knowing the bishop,' and not knowing the layman either, addressed the latter .and thought he was none other! than the bishop; while on the other hand the layman thought the minister was the bis hop. There was some little confusion, but eventually the matter was squared up.! The layman is as much like1 a" bishop as " our devil" is like an angel. r. . . I am crediably informed; that the two schools at Mulgoa Eorest-^one at Oharle villo and one on the mountains-are about to be closed on account of insufficient- aver age attendance. Another school, lately built in this district by the Council of Edu cation at enormous expense, will, in all pro bability^ closed from a similar cause. I can scarcely, understand why such expense has been gone to in such out of the way places ; and I have every reason to believe another similar affair will shortly take place if the children in a particular locality do;not' increase to a greater extent than I think is at all possible. # t 4 « Superstition in many instances : is a very dangerous subject, 'but'practical joking is very often far more dangerous. The other night, two parties were waiting for some one at the Nepean bridge-who had left Orange in a tremendous hurry, never even saying good-bye to his'friends-arid they had made use of the toll-keeper's hut, where poor, old Hugh Ourry died about six months ago,' and which has not beon used since. Sorno where about nine o'clock^ four young sparks who may liavo been to church, on passing the hut ono of them wishod to light his pipe, got up close .to'the side of the hut to get out of the wind, and struck a match.on the, tin which was fastened on the slabs to prevent the possibility of the place catching onfire) from a stove pipe which at one time; run through the wall, but has since been! re moved. No sooner .was the match lighted than one of the'parties inside seized him by, tho arm. . The young follow made but one remark-" God^'p-fend the o wholeparty raced for their lives, (evidently thinking it was a ghost. Had this young man's heart been effected the chances are that that little joke would have caused death. ! . ?; . * i I received a letter signed Sigma a lew ' days ago asking what had become of; the Lawn Tennis tools, statiug that a club had been started two years ago, .end that.altho. there were .still «,< number of the members amongst them a number'of ladies willing to. proceed with . the sport" they did inot know where to find tho tools." In this' matter I have to inform Sigma that jthe tools are ^still at. Bed Oow Inn," and Miss Sm|th; baa; ,oharge of, them, -l I; hope that'' arrangements may be made-?,to proceed '. with the game at once. j 