THEATRE ROYAL. There was only a. moderate house at tho Theatre Royal on Monday night, when Mr; Geo. Coppin presented a change of pro' gamme, the freshpieces being "Hot Such a Fool as he Looks" and " The Artful Dodge." Mr. H; Ji Byron's eccentric comedy is so well known to playgoers that we need not enter into any description of the plot. Mr. Mould, the messenger of Mr. Daniel Murga troyd, is a character almost asfamiliar as the ghost in "Hamlet," though it requires far more acting than the spiritual personage with whom we have coupled it. visitors to the Adelaide stage have seen Mr. Ooppin in this part before, and when we say that his inter pretation of the character under notice is as good now as ever it was we need add nothing more. The veteran actor amused the listeners from the moment he came on until the end of the piece; and although the audience was a !*man one it was at least very apprecia tive, and founds of applause greeted the "grand, old-man" at various times duriag the performance. He wa3 ably supported by -Mr. Hodson. as Murgatroyd, Mr. Kogersas Frederic Grantley, Mr. .Walton as Sir Simon Simple, and Mr. Hazlift as Captain Market, while the female characters found excellent interpreters in the Misses Watts-Phillips, Solange-STovaro, and Flora • Anstead. The. -amusing -farce ''The Artful Dodge" was also greatly appreciated, and as Demosthenes Dodge Mr. Coppin kept his audience in roars !of laughter. Mr. Tolano as Trundle, Mr. Sweeney as Grudge,' Mr. Hazlitt as Nudge, and Mr. Walton as-Budge, were all admirably cast, while the ladies who sustained the characters of Emily Wilton and Susan Smudge left nothing to bo. desired. An ex cellent evening's. amusement was enjoyed by those who attended tho performance, which we. can heartily, recommend to "lovers of genuine comedy. The same bill will be pre* sentedtbis evening and daring the week. LThe Port Darwin line was interrupted beyond Alice. Springs yesterday afternoon, and up to the time of going to press com'mu* nication had not been restored. We have been shown a splendid specimen of wheaten bay, grown by Mr. Holder, of "" " " Wo - - — ' " Cheltenham, near Woodville. The crop is of the purple straw variety, and it is said will inn fully 3 tons to the acre. The sample is very clean; and the heads are full of plump grain. At the.monthly meeting of the Port Ade laide branch of the Caledonian Society on Monday evening, Mr. J. Wallace (chief) pre siding, a lecture on "Mary Queen of Scots" was delivered by the Be v. James Haslam to a good audience. The discourse was interest ing and instructive, and was attentively listened to, the lecturer receiving a hearty vote of thanks at its close. Six fine full-grown camels were landed ah Port Adelaide *on- Monday from the ship Siren; which arrived from Calcutta on Satar day. They were imported by Mr. W. R. 'Cave, and are- intended to be used on pas toral country north of Farina. The animals were examined on their arrival by Messrs. Peter Waite and Philipson, and pronounced thoroughly sound and healthy. They com prise three bulls and three cows. For the next few days they will be located at Albert Park, near Port Adelaide. Mr. Sawtell, the well-known optician and electrician of Bundle-street, experimented oa the Torrehs Lake for the first time with an electric boat on Monday afternoons'"The re sult was regarded, by Mr. SawtBll as satis factory, and sufficient to induce him to carry on more extensively than he has done the manu facture of electrical apparatus making. We are informedthat amotor weighing 35 lbs. will give ont the force of one horsepower, and this fact, it is urged, should be sufficient to show tbat the old cry against the expense of this new power will soon have no weight with persons mechanically acquainted with its possibilities and advantages. The fourth annual shqwin connection with the Franklin-street Methodist New Con nexion Sunday-school Floral and Industrial Society ' was held on -Wednesday evening, November 7.' In the. church the exhibits were numerous_andtaatefnlly arranged, the show of plants in pots and cut flowers being exceedingly good, and the whole presented a charming appearance. The' total number of exhibits- was about 323, of which there were 100 plants in pots, 12 table bouquets, 3 bridal ..bouquets, 7 baskets of flowers,..75 cut flowers, and 40 button-holes, and about S3, other ex hibits of fancy goods. In the schoolroom at the rear ,of the church a large and weli azranged atall.of fancy .goods was conducted • by the Missea.Gylesi'Fisljer, and Nelson, and also a;refreshment stall by the Misses Brown, During .the evening numbers of peopleviaited ■h the church, and were entertained with music, galvanic batteries, and in otber ways. The opera.of "Mignon." was repeated at the t Academy :,of; Music...on -Mondayc:evening. before a.goodhouae, The principals were in excellent .voice,1 and - the performance passed off: with .gr eat aucces3. . The same opera will be.pre'sehtedjta-iught,.Y. . The quarterly, meeting of the Saddlers'Society is ,to be held this evening. . . 