STHE YPOSTMAN'S STORY. "AaI was saying, it was Valentins's day, 1872\. 'iMy route was from Seventh to Twelfth on Spruce street. The locality was a good deal more fashionable then than now, and some very high-toned folks lived there. We won't mention no names nor give no numbers, but the particular young lady I'n going to tell you about lived just above Tenth street.' I had a pretty big load and was not in the best of temper with my work, but when a beautiful young lady opened the door her. self in her eagerness to get the large envelope which was addressed to her, and smiled her thanks at me, I felt a different man. Nor did I feel the worse after the hot cup of coffee which a servant had ready for me, as instructed by the young lady, for it was a bitter raw morning and the bullet wound in the shoulder, which I got at the second battle of Bull Run, was twitching very bad. Now a postman can't help noticing his letters a bit. Every. body hasn't got a letter box to drop 'em in of course, I am referring to routes of private houses-and you are often kept waitinga half minute or so at the door. The things I've read or postal cards are a caution I can tell you. A postman learns a good deal aceiden. tally about otherpeople's affairs-but to come back to the young lady. "I took an interest in her from that 14th day of February, and generally glanced at her envelopes. She got a good many, but nearly all were in ladies' handwriting; letters from girl friends and invitations to balls and reeop. lone and such like, I guess. Thqeoexeptions .were letters in a bold, masculiie handwriting, all written by. the same man: there was no doubt about that. At first I brought them orio 'a woee, and then, after a little while, every day, and sometimes twice a day. She often took them in herself, and I always felt happy for the rest of the day. Her bright smile sort of went through me. Once or twice I received a letter from her to post to him, I was sure, not that she told me so, but I could tell it was by the way she blushed when she handed them to me. I looked at the address and name. It was a broker on Third street. On the June following the Valentine's Day the family went away, and did not return from out of town until October, but I did not see the young lady, nor did I have any letters for her. 'Hasn't she re turned yet?' I asked the colored waiter. ' Oh, no, she won't be here till Christmas. She is now on the "continong" with her hus band. They were married at Newpoit in August.' 'Oh,' says I. And I thought no more of the matter; events had taken their natural course by ending in marriage, as all properly regulated love.letters ought to do. "She came back with her husband at Christmas, and began housekeeping in the same square as her family, so I delivered her letters. Sheeaw me on New Year's Day, and did not forget me, either. What she gave me was suflicient to buy my wife a warm cloak for the winter, with enough left over for a pair of shoes for the baby. The newly-married couple had a heap of letters of all sorts kinds and descriptions. Invitations in any number for both of them, and plenty of female cor. respondence for her. He seemed to get let. ters from all parts of the world, between them they had more than the rest of the square put together. There seemed to be some change by April. The envelopes of the letters had the names of store-keepers on them, and doubtless contained bills. The following month similar letters came very thickly in deed, and so did letters with the names of lawyers on the upper right hand'corner of the. envelopes. ' He seemed to be always at heme, for he often came to thedoorhimself and took the letters from me, as if anxious for the ser vants not to see them. 'A-good-looking man he was, with a proud manner and a dissipated face. -. ' - -, -1 "' We are going away to-marrow,' said the colored servant one morning, as I; handed hi the ordinary batch.' " '.Out of town?' I asked. "'Out of.'dis town;I 'guess,' he replied, with a grin. . 'The sheriff's offlicers are in'tho house.' - - I" When` I was delivering the letterd the n6xt day; a-hack drove up'to the door,' aind I lingered' a: moment' out f 'curiosity.-' The lady came down leaning on her husband's arm, looking so miserable and altered I hardly'. recognised her. She must have noticed the 'expression' on my face for she nodded to me and smiled; but-such a ghost of a smile I -A few days afterward the things in the house were sold by auction, and new people came to live there; and soon, amid the many thoughts of life, I forgot all about 'the young lady. - - - . - - - - - "It was in the summer of 1877, when l'got put on a route in Germantown.- I was'not very well, and thought'tihe country walking would do me good; so I changed routes, with the permission of the postmaster, with a com rade who worked, as I said, in Germantown. Sorting out my letters, as I served one of the pretty, leafy avendes, I came aeross'one ad dressed to the old familiar name, hire. - , and :in- the husband's handwriting.' The postmark was Colorado; so he was away; that was evident; She was sitting on the porch - of a pretty little cottage, with a child in her arms. It was easy to see she was no longer rich. 'The dresses of herself and child, and the smallness and dirtiness of the Irish servant-maid, who was cleaning a parlour window, denoted the fact at a glance; but she did not look unhappy, and she knew me at once. ' - • "Why, postman, she exolaimed; "is it pose sible it can be you?' "'Yes, ma'am,' I says, 'it is; thanking you kindly for remembering me, and here is one of his letters for you.': ... : ' "She took it from me with the old eager ness, and as she turned to'go into the house I noticed her pressing it to her lips. :He didn't write very often to her-every two 'or three. weeks, -not 'more, while ,sometisoes much longer intervals elapsed.. It.used to make me quite miserable when I noticed her pleading face as I passed morning after morning with out anything for her. -'- . "' You are quite sure you have not got one, postman' ", she would ask. ' : - " Quite sure, ma'am. 'The Western mailis late to-day- not delivered till to-morrow," was my faltering excuse. "-- - - - "Christmas Day arrived; and I" had not delivered a letter from the -husband, since 'the middle of October.' She no longer came to the door now. The little servant girl told me her mistress was nearly always ill.' At last I brought a -letter from Colorado-on the last day of the year; and then I delivered one regularly once or twicea'week, until Febru ary. The lady began to.come'to' the'door again; looking something like her former bright self. -: - ,- "The 14th of February-Valentino's Day -came round, and I had a Colorado letter for the lady; but it was not in the husband's handwriting. She came to the door: - "-' Here is a' valentine, ma'am,' say? I, cheerily. ' I hope it will make you as happy as the one I delivered to you in Spruce street about five years ago.'"- "Thank youn, 'postman,"' she replied, 'imdI 'have got a hot cup of- coffee for you.' "'She took the letter, eyed it curiously, and opened it with trembling fingers.- I'was watehing her while sipping my coffee-a glance at the contents, and she fell back life. less. The little Irish girl came up immedia. tely, and between us we carried the lady into the parlour, and laid her on the sofa. Then I took up my mail bag, for of course I could not wait, and continued my delivery. A few houses away lived a doctor, and I told his servant there was a sick lady who required medical aid. -I had no letters for the cottage the next morning, but the little servant rushed out to tell me the lady was dying, and the letter from Colorado was from a police justice, saying the husband had run away with a woman to Australia, taking with him a large sum of money he had stolen from his employers. The letter also said it was sup. posed, where he was working, that the woman, who was his companion, was married to him, until a search among the defaulter's papers disclosed the existence of a wife iu Philadelphia. Before the week had closed, there was a bow of crape on the cottage door, and the doctor's certificate said, ' Died of a broken heart.' Have you got a match about you, sir ; my pipe has gone out," and the postman trudged off homeward withhis mate, the letter-sorter. 