THE GHOST-HUNTERS AT WORK, [From the Pall Mall Gazette of May 11.1 "De ghostibus non est disputandum." If there is one question on which the prejudices on both sides & re so strong that argument seems useless if not impossible, ifc is that ol so-called " supernatural" phenomena. The " Society for Psychical Research," however, pursues its course without dismay, as is shown by the interesting volume of its " Pro ceedings" just published by Messrs. Triibner. It is unnecessary for the "Literary Com mittee of the society to forestall criticism by self-depreciation. " The very last thing," they modestly say, " •j* WO expect to produce is a collection of nariduvca of a startling or blood-chilling character : our pages are far moro likely to provoke sleep in the course of perusal than to banish it afterwards. . . . Our tales will resemble neither the 'Mysteries of Udolpho' nor the dignified reports of a learned soci ty. The romanticist may easily grow iudig j;mf, over them; still more easily may the j-urualist grow facetious." It is of course impossible to say what journalists may do. The/ are such unaccountable crea'ure^ Bu'; he would surely be a very unreasonable romanticist" \t ho could peruse the jo s without finding some suggestion and feolia' some gratitude. The chapter with t!ia mos: attractive title ("Report of the Commi ttee on Haunted Houses") is indeed somewnat dis« appointing. The investigators themselves do not claim the highest scientific value for any downright ghost that they have yet discovered; and it must certainly be owned that, if these are fair specimens, the semi-authentic ghost of psychical research is vastly inferior in suggestivenesa and mystery to our dear gruesome old frimd of the Christmas fireside. But there are compensations in other parts of the volume. It is indeed one of the merits of the society that it has shown how unnecessary so vulgar and hackneyed a thing as a ghost is to pro duce that sense of eerieness which is the prin« cipal attraction of "supernatural" phenomena Isolated apparitions, especially when they portend some great calamity, are really far more impressive than your regular, ansnubbable, old-established ghost, who tiever leads to anything, and who, like the "lady in grey" of one of the haunted house stories in this volume, comes at last to be regarded as a matter of course by the very family she is engaged in haunt ing. _ How far more appalling is the following specimen apparitioD, whi;h is vouched for by a friend of some ot the researchers:—" My mother married, at a very early age, without the consent of her parents. My grandmother vowed that she would never see her daughter again. A few months after her marriage my mother was awakened at about 2 a.m. by a loud knocking at the door. To her great snprise my father did not wake. The knock ing was resumed; my mother spoke to my father, but, as he still slept, she got up, opened the window, and looked out, when, to her amazement, she saw her mother, m full court dress, standing on the step and looking up at her. My mother called to her, but my grandmother, frowning and shaking her head, disappeared. At this moment my father woke, and my mother told him what had happened. He went to the window, but saw nothing. My mother was sure that my grandmother, even at that late hour, had come to forgive her, and entreated my father to let her in. He went dosvn and opened the door, but nobody was there. He assured my mother that she had been dream ing, and she at last believed that it was so» The next morning the servants were ques» tioned, but they had heard nothing, and th© matter was dismissed from the minds of my parents till the evening, when they heard that my grandmother had been, in court dress, at a ball the night before—I think at Kensington Palace, but of this I am not sure—that feeling unwell she had returned home, and after about an hour's illness had died at 2 a.m. She had not mentioned my mother's name during her short illness," There are a dozen stories as good or better than this. They are of a familiar pattern., but the society has made a strong collection, and has classified them with much care. We have only room for one other, of a rather les? common, if also less tragic, and indeed almost humorous type" On July S, 1SS2, my wife went to London to have an operation (which we both believed to be a slight one) performed on her eyes by the late Mr. Critchett. The appointment was for 1.30, and, knoiving from long previous experience the close sympathy of our minds, about that time I, at Brighton, got rather fidgety, and was much relieved—and perhaps a little surprised and disappointed—at not feeling any decided sensation which I could construe a3 sympa thetic. Taking it therefore for granted taat all was well, I went out at 2.45 to conduct my concert at the aquarium, expecting to find there a telegram, as had been arranged, to say that all was well. On my way I stopped, as usual to compare my watch with the big clock outside Lawson's, the clockmaker's« At that instant I felt my eyes flooded with water, just as when a chill wind gives one » sudden cold in the eyes, though it was a hob, still summer's day. The a&ction; was so unusual and startling that my attention could not but be strongly directed to it; y et the time being then eleven minutes to 3 I was sure it could have nothing to do with my wife's operation, and a3 it continued for some little time, thought I must have taken cold. How ever, it passed off, and the concert imme diately afterwards put it out of my mind. At 4 o'clock I received a telegram from my wife, ' All well over. A great success,' and this quite took away all anxiety. But oa going to town in the evening, I found her in a terrible state of nervous prostration; and it appeared that the operation, though mar vellously successful, had been of a very severe character. Quite accidentally it came out that it was not till half-past 2 that my wife entered the operating-room, and that the operation commenced^ after the due adminis tration of an anesthetic, at about ten minute J to 3, as near as we could calculate." jtsut, pernaps, tne most interesting ani certainly the most novel poriion of the "Proceedings" is that which deals with the latest experiment of the society in what they call " Thought Transference." The "Agent" and " Percipient" in this case—to use the technical terms of the new science—were two gentlemen living at Brighton, whoa 2 minds seem to be peculiarly sympathetic. The manner in which the experiments were generally conducted consisted in blindfolding Mr. S„ the "percipient," while some color., number, word, or figure was unexpectedly presented to Mr. B., the " agent" the mature of which Mr^S. was then asked to guess. The " agent" during some of these trials held the "percipient's" hand, bub in other instances they were completely sepa* rated from one another. Some of these ex* periments would seem to show that it is more agreeable to be a "percipient" than an "agent" on these occasions} at any rate, when, in the simple language of the report, "pains" are being "experimented on." Thus, for instance, one test consisted "in pinching or otherwise hurting the "agent." while the "percipient" was asked to say which part of his alter ego was being hurt, an attempt in which he seems to have been uniformly successful, discriminating with the nicest sympathy be tween a pull at the hair of his friend's head and a twitch at the lobe of his ear. But the most curious of all these experiments was the figure test, the manner of which is thus dea scribed by the investigators—"One of us, completely out of sight S., drew some figure at random, the figure being of such a character that its shape could not be easily conveyed in words; this was done in order to meet the assumption that some code—such as the Morse alphabet—was used by S. and B. The figure drawn by us was then shown to B, for a few moments—S. being seated all the time with his back to us and blindfolded, ina> distant part of the same, and subsequently in an adjoining room. B. looked at the figure drawn; then held S.'s hand for a while; then released it. After being released S. (who remained blindfolded) drew the impression of a figure which he had received. It was generally about as like the original as a child's blindfolded drawing of a pig is like a pig; that is to say, it was a scrawl, but recognisable as intended to represent the original figure. In no case was there the smallest possibility that S. could have seen the original figure; and in no case did B. touch S., even in the slighest manner, while the figure was being drawn." 