i ]orc, Ghost Stories. Mn. HEAenx's ghost story, published in!onrt 'last week's issue, caused considerable interest and disoussion'on its recent republication' in. pamphlet form in London.' A correspondent ,writing to a contemporary says: I was much interested inrthe story ofIMr. Heaphy. It puts me in' mind of a circum stance the particulars of which are similarly strange and thoroughly authentic: .Nearly a score of years ago, in Australia, I was a con stant visitor at the houso'of a gentleman, one of whose daughters.was the promised wife of a naval oflicer in Her Majesty's service,:and :then stationed on the South American.coast. One afternoon M. was seated with her sister in an upper chamber. Suddenly she half rose and gave a violent scream. " What is the matter?." cried C., her sister. "I isaw poor Georgo [her lover]-oh, so plainly. He was wringing his hands imploringly, and brushed close to me as he'.passed across; the room I" Her sister strove to calm her agita tion, but M.: could not be persuaded that her fears for her lover's welfare were groundless. Going up to his picture on the wall she wrote the. time. of day and the date on its 'back. Several months elapsed and no news canie to warrant 11.'s apprehension. But one morn ing, as the family were examining letters from the daily post, H. sank back with a bitter cry, and.gasped out that her lover had been ,drowned together. with seven seamen, three months before, as he was crossing a harbor bar. Her sister spoke of the coincidence of the apparition in thire upper room. Several members of the family hastened up stairsand examined the ,picture. A comparison was made, and it was found that the date on the picture and the date of the drowning cbrre sponded exactly, making 'allowance for' the longitudinal dill?rence in time. Another ' correspondent writes : -- Mr. Heaphy's :ghost story recalls a story related to me by an eye.-witness of the occurrences. Forty years ago a retired barrister purchased a house situated near Hounslow Heath, on the outskirts of London. It dated from the beginning of the last century, but was in good condition. It had lain vacant.for many years. For a month after the family's o'ec. pation 'very night there would be heard' the piteous wailing of an infant. The grounds and apartments,were searched without finding anything.. It was finally decided that the cries proceeded from a window in the library. As the coiistant wailing was a great source of annoyance, the; gentleman's wife urged that the panelling be torn down and' the 1wall examined. +'Her husband , at' last yielded. The panelling was stripped away and thewall opened. In a small recess,:next.the window, was found the skeleton. of an infant, which, according to'.theo. opinions of niedical men,; 'must have been there for overlialt a century. Th ilady who told me this wasi present, with many ,otier's at th'e osearch,, and' was i the gentleman's niece.' .? • . .. ? . . ? 