A Chieftain to the Antipodes Bound. — ^ — H Lord Rosebery has never given more conclusive evidence ? of the practical wisdom which ho possesses to an extent ? greater than his years might seem to render possible, than I in the journey he has just commenced to the Australian I colonies by way of America. That experience, far too rare ? among our public men, when one thinks of the valuable I lessons that a discerning traveller can gather from it. vaa I acquired in early life by Sir Charles Dilke, who has shown I again and again that his visit to Australasia both instructed I aad warned bim. Lord Hosebery goes thither more ? matured in intellect, and 'with a faculty not less keen ot I discriminating the tendencies of political and social forces. I He will learn much that ought to influence the lines of ius ? future career ; and it is certain lhat do effort will be eparea ? to make his tour a plef sant one by people who prme ? themselves, with justice, on their hospitality, and wno ? will exert this virtue with idl their might to do honour I to a nobleman whoso sterling merits and Dam I genius ere as well known in the colonies as they are here w I home. He is the head of a race long esteemed and bewyea ? in the little enterprising realm which baa w*'*1*^?^ I AuBtralias so many of their worthiest and most ****** I settlers. Lord Bosebery, ere he leaves Australia, wiU nave ? found himself in regions the prevalent accent of which w I have made him fancy himself back in the Lothians. B*™ ? headed, hard-fUled,soft-heari^ men will wmetohiinwM ? a flush on the honest face and a break m £? ?«-»'* 'SEX I voice, and tell him how, before they attained to tie w««* ? paddocks and the coundessaheep, they .were ' young «? I about the Dalmeny side, and 'mtafofc the auld w™ I ^toMinWiy- iwtttederl^buttheiwM^-Mli^W I of New South Wales will insist on escorting him in^ plea- | sure steamer round the fairy Mots Bnd by the shaggy coasts of -he beautiful harbour, acd will organise a picnic in his honour ever the wonderful 'zigzags' by which the rail way crosses lha precipitous creeks of the Ulue Moun tains Of the party may. be the grandson of the explorer Wentworth-an honoured name in Aus tralia— who, with his two comrades, first looked down from these Bummits^oa the bewildering, gladden - ine spectacle of that far-stretching interior, now studded with 'towns and villages, now rich with crops and sheep and mines. The Victorians will carry him to Ballarat and Soadhwst, and show him the now silent Eureka Flat and | fjOrert Creek, where once thousands upon thousands of stalwart miners plied the pickaxe and rocked the cradle, iney can show him surface-gold no longer ; but, if he be waling to go, they will take him down 2000 feet into the bowelsof the 'Magdala,'- show him the ' face' whence «w nch alluvium of the ' Madame Berry ' is brought up ?Juu feet, to the macerating trough, and let him fire a blast among tfce auriferous quarts of the ' Belmont and Saxby,' ti? *?%!* &™U*r, or the «? Garden Gully United.' m 2. m1} take him to Pbilip Russell's beautiful eheep ww°a °* Cwngtam, an4 show Aim, primus inter pares, the merino ram which the undaunted Russell bought under the hammer for the little bagatelle of 1400 guineas. They will equip him him for quail-shooting amonsr the preserves of Sir Smiuel Wilson's fioe estate of Ercildoune ; and he will bo invited -o louk out on tho rich Iviriiiin Mi etching to where the smoke of Melbourne rises sixty miles away, from the terrace of the sweet mountain-home of a gentleman whose daughter man ied Die other day the son of a Duke whose lands ' march ' with those of Dalmeny. The South Australians will show him the dumb ghost of the orce famous Burra Burra copper mine, in which the late Mr. Delane was a large shareholder ; and the yet lustily ' vital Moonta mine, which in 20 years has paid its lucky shareholders over £1,200,000 on a share capital of nothing at all. The Queenslanders will let him hear tho crack of the stock-whip ; give him participation in the exci'ement and risks of a ' round up ;' and offer him bis choice of a kangaroo battue, a kangaroo hunt, or a 'cutting-out' expe dition in the scrub after wild cattle. In New Zealand he will eee a country that is suiprisingly like England, where it do; s not remind him of Scotland, except in parts which resemble the Alps, and in other parts which have the temperature and productions of .Northern Italy, — a country in whoso glaciers he may pluck the edelweiEB, and from whose garden trellises be may pluck ripe grapes. He may visit at houses where no man- servant is kept, yet his host could buy him out to the last acre and the last year ling ; put down eovcnigu for sovereign against his Couutuss's dowry, and thcu hsivo more lhau tnough left to maintain «he modest style in which he liv --s. With hi3 knowledge of what the 'bolls' of a Lothian farm -labourer amount to— the oatmeal and milk— it may surprise him to have explained to him the meaning of the phrase ' ten, ten, two, and a quarter'— the conventional abbreviaiion of the weekly rations, 101b. meat, 101b. flour, 21b. sugar, atd a £lb. tea, issued to each station hand all over Australia, ex cept in Queensland, whore tho ration is €- twenty, twelve, | two, and a quarter,' because a dog or two may have to be fed. Everywhere will he discern prosperity, progress, enter prise, and yet contentment. He will traverse Australia without being solicited by a beggar. If he takes out money to invest, he may obtain at leaEt two per ctnt, of better return than at home, with adequate- security, eo long as he holds aloof from investing in gold mines. If ho care to buy land, he will be very unfortunate if ho docs not find it steadily ond rapidly appreciate in value. He may find a veritable ' Bonanza ' in a well-selected, well-bought, and | well-managed sheep-station. And when he comes to look ^| into the details of colonial politics, he will find tome inte- ^M resting problems He will nod universal suffrage unac- ^| companied by either repullfcan or socialistic leanings. The ^H political carter, as in America, he will find for the mott part ^H shunned by the better classes. He will ducern that the ^H omponeDt elements of at least the lower houses of the ^H colonial Parliament syt-fcms are too often not of the most ^H desirable type, and tbat the tone of debate in these places of ^M legislation is loo often narrow, coarse, and ccuirilous; yet ^H he will note, vith equal mm prise and satisfaction, that ^H Australian pjlitu-iars, while in too many things h--virg ^H [ an affinity to American politicians, happily are different in this— that amongtthem personal corruption is rare indeed. Every indication he may fancy present of a sot un gencral proclivity in favour of a ' big Bteal ; ' bU thte most searching investigation will convince him that personal ' rottenness is a mrst exceptional attribute of the Australian politician. And he may bring back to his Sovereign the gratifying assurance that in all the wide range of her dominions there abide no more ardently and solidly loyal subjects of hers than the wide-lying populations who livetheir worlby BteadfaBt lives under the South* ra Cwee. ;_ World . 