I A SUNDAY S..... for ALL MEN AND WOMEN. THE DISCOURSES AT THE CHURCHES. THE GIFT OF THE HOLY GHOST- On the occasion of the re-opening of St, James's Church a logical and powerful discourse was preached on Petor's words on the Day of Penticost, in Acts ii and xxxiii— ' "There fore, being by the right hand of God exalted, and having received of the Father the promise of the Holy Ghost, He hath shed forth this which ye now see and hear." After referring to the circumstances) which accompanied the manifestation of the Spirit at this time, and the truths to be learned from them, the preacher said that the words of the text implied two distinct things— 1st. That Jesus had gathered in His own human person all the gifts and graces of men generally. 2nd. That He gathered all the perfections of humanity, in order that He might pour them into the hearts of believers . The first was ono of the most startling statements it was possible for any man to make— that in a single person were gathered all the ideal perfections which characterise our nature. Human perfection was scattered into fragments, and if we wanted to gather them we would have to seek everywhere. If we wanted courage and strength We would have to seek it in the male sex— sensibility and tenderness in the female. If we wanted menial, moral, and spiritual greatness wo would have to seek in all nature for it. -All ideals of perfection were like a diamond cut into a hundred faces, each of which gave out a gleam of common light. Portentous as was the claim put forth that the Lord Jesus had gathered iu his person all that is noble and great all that is good and true, it could be put to a decisive test. Present the Lord Jesus Christ to a man,' and ho would find in Him strength, firmness, energy, and the glory of what we call man- hood; place Him before a woman, and she would find in Him all that her heart yearned form its tenderest moods ; place Him beforo a savage Fijian, and ho would find that which melted his nature. It was a fact that the Lord Jcsus commanded all the ideal perfections of our nature, and that all all men could find in Him whatthey wanted. He gathered the perfections of- light in order that he might shed the same life into the hearts of all that believed in Him. This was the purpose and aim of all He did and suffered. He was the Inpulse and inspiration of new life, just as each branch received sap from the vine, and as each member of the body received its impulse from the brain. If we wanted the power to conquer sin and to 1ive and be what Jesus was, we must unite with Him by the power of the Spirit. The modern mind re belled against the divine necessity and said, "I can speak truewords; I can do noble : deeds and strive to live as Christ lived, though ' I do not understand the mystic relation. If do not believe in the resurrection, is that to prevent one loving Christ?" God forbid. "If any wills to do the will of the Father, he will know whether the doctrine be of God." Ho was on the right track, and if he prayed for God's blessing he would come out yet as a glorious witness of the sanctified Jesus. If the wanted the power to be, and to live like Christ, theyy must get it from the Holy Spirit, and they would never succeed in being like Christ till they got the force and inspiration of tho Spirit. But why was it necessary to come to this mysterious supernatural relation ? Because we inherited a tendency to sin. Why was this tendency universal ? Why was there no objection? By logical necessity we were driven to explain. We must affirm either that sin is an essence of our "nature or that we have inherited a tendency to it from our ancestors. Wo must take either hypothesis. Did they say that the tendency to do that which was wrong arose from the nature of our constitution, that sinful thought and actions worn a normal exercise of our capacities? If they said that there was no hope of any better. What was a normal necessity would always be and they would have to write over the entrance of human birth what Dante in poetic vision saw inscribed above the gates of hell, "Surrender hope, all ye who enter here," But the word of God inclined as to no such predestinarianism. It directed us into no such abyss of Pessimism as that. The word of God said it was a disease though ab inherited one. It wasnot normal and could be cured. Given the physician and the remedy for tho cure of disease, and the curewas certain. That was what the gospel said. The Physician was the Lord Jesus Christ. Did they feel the foulness of sin? The .Spirit of Christ could cleanse them. Did they fool the weakness of sin. His power could make them strong. Did they feel the misery of sin. His life and spirit could give joy and life and happiness.— Tho Bishop of Mel bourne. 