IN THAT ROOM. 'I shall have to put you in that room, after all, Jenny. I had intended the east chamber for yon, and ft tvaa made np yesterday ; but last night Mrs. Deaue came unexpectedly with her baby, and «a had to (Hve it to her. as it was the. only one ready. I did not like to put her out of it this morning, and into the Red Room.' ' No, of course not I'm sure I would as soon be in one room as another.' ' Mary Ann shall sleep on the sofa in the room, so you won't. mind ; you'll not feel lonely, dear.' ' In wonder's sake, Marthp , what dp you think I yrant with Mgiy. Ann in my room f Mrs. Carrick pansed: 1 thought -yon might get nervous at the prospect of sleeping iu it alone. It is away from the rest of the house, so to say ; up these other stairs.' ' Nervous !' exclaimed Jenny ; why, I should never thiuk of each a thing. What is there to get nervous about ! You have not a burglar epidemic abroad . just now, have you ! — or a ghost that walks tlie room V lN — o, not exactly. Burglars! oh dear no. I've not heard of any in this neighbourhood.' At this reply, Miss Malcolm turned suddenly from the contemplation of lier pretty new grey travelling suit in the large cheval glass— for they had now reached the Red Room, and confronted her cousin with an enquiring look. ' Martha Carrick, it is a ghost And you meant to smuggle me into his den withnnt proper warning or introduction !' ' You ridiculous girl ! There's no ghost about it Unly a story connected with the room.' What story jb it V 1 Yon — you ' Mrs. Carrick flashed as she recognised her mistake, and came to a standstill. ' Jenny, I thought yon knew all abont it ; I did indeed.' 1 Only a story, after all ! What a disappointment ! A real, veritable ghost would have been a new experience in these enlightened days ; delightfully sensational. As to any story connected with yonr Red Room, I have never heard of it' 'Ynn fifltrn liaani nf frnr Pnnm Jenny ?' 'I've beard of yonr Red Room, and believe yon and Frank think so much of it that you always spell it with a capital letter. It is a very nice room, Martha,' added the yonng lady, turning herself about iu it. This room was situated in the north west corner of Frank Cvrick's old- fashioned house ; a very, very old red brick house, in an old suburb of the capital. The room Oiled up a sable-end, and was not near any other room, being approached by a separate staircase, and then by c long passage. Seen in the afternoon sunshine, it looked, tfaongh of good size, the cosiest chamber in the world, with its red carpet and curtains, its grand old farnitnre, and the pretty look-oat upon the bright garden underneath, and to the green hills of Middlesex in the distance. ' It is a perfectly charming room !' exclaimed the yonng visitor. 1 And now Martha, what's the story 1' ' Oh, my dear, never mind the story ; I don't think it'B one you would be in terested in. And yon must make haste down, for Fm sure tea is in, and Mrs. Dean was wishing for it' She ran away as she spoke ; she was not much more than a girl herself And Miss Malcolm, charmed with the change from her own little country home in the monotonous seaside village called Nalem, put herself to rights, and forgot all about ' the story.' But when night came, and Mrs, Carrick again accompanied her yonng guest through the worm-eaten staircase aod narrow passages to the same isolated spot the room seemed to have lost its cheerful aspect. By the light of the two wax caudles standing on the dressing table, tho red carpet and draperies took a sombre depth and shade that was by no means enlivening ; at least such was the opinion of the hostess herself. Jenny was chattering away as nsnal, and seemed to be entirely nnobservant of the change which night had wrought in her sur roundings. 1 It dees look lonely here at night' nt last broke out Mrs. Carrick, ' I do think, Jenny, yon shonld let Mary Ann sleep on that sofa in the recess,' Jane Malcolm gazed with real and not affected astonishment at her consin. ' Martha, what can be the matter with you 1 Have yon grown nervons since you married! — perhaps living in this old-world dwelling, that I suppose must be a relic of the Ancient BritoDS, has made you bo !' ' No, no, Jenny ; I only thought yon might be nervooB.' 'I nervous!' echoed Jenny. 'Fee that arm. consin mine.' and, with a gay smile, she threw back the open sleeve and held out the round white arm, its smooth firmness betraying the best of heal; b. Aunt Deborah is fond of telling me I am so sound and well, Martha, as to smack of plebeianism : if I have any nerves, which I doubt, they are out of eight and out of mind.' ' I am glad to bear it, my dear. Maty Ann 1 Glad to hear it ! Why, what else do you expect- to hear ! Y«m must be out of order yourself, Fatty. And now let us say good- night, and yon go to your own bed and to sleep, and don't worry me any more about Mary Ann.' Mrs. Carrick, thns adjured, takes a final survey of the room, sees that the window is safely bolted, and bids her guest good night Her husband was already in. his room. ' Hope you've been long enongb, Patty 1' ' Well, I did stay a little while ; the room seemed so lonely. As I stood in it, Frank, I frit glad that I had not told her the ghost story.' . ' I should thiuk you'd never be foolish enough to repeat to her. such rubbish as that,' reproved Mr. Frank Carrick. It would not disturb Jane if I did ; be sore of that, Frank. I never saw such a happy girl. Yon deem it" strange /should think so much of old stories; whereas I feel it strange she should cats, so little for them. I would wager that beautiful -diamond ring you've jnst given me that if a ghost appeared to her she . would only langh at it.' ' Sensible girl >' said Mr. Carrick, I say, Patty, she's uncommonly pretty. Such a particularly nice face.' hw, meauwiiUe ww prepniring i/a rest. The last thing, when her -prayers were said, committing herself to the good care of God, for the girl was honestly de vout, and the candles were pat out, she drew the window-enrtains open, and looked out It was a beautiful moonlit night. The wide, solitary landscape lay bathed in light Not a sound was to be heard, not a movement to be seen, -tell-- ing of life's busy action. This old honse of Mr Carrick's, called The Gables, was in a lonely part of the old/western suburb, no other dwellings were very near it A dark wall, overgrown with ivy, and high enongh to keep out a besieging army, encased its grounds all round. On the brightest of days -the place -had somehow. a solitary tonfc j which lyon rtip' reasonifept itgotia notation pffbeing haunted- ' A peaceful seen ej-thonght. Jane, 'and really qnieter then Nalem-: there we do see the men. strpggliqg .dome torn the public honse, and .the fiahjjigbbats put ting out to sea. What a goose patty., must be getting to.Bqppose X should not like tp eleep tJoae I' . At the breakfast table the next morn - ing Miss Malcolm appeared .with- the brightest of faces. She had. slept soundly. ' Well, Martha,' she said 4augh»tigly? ; when salutations had passed,- 'your ghqst was not polite enough tppay me a visit j but I had tiie queerest dream.' ' I hope it was a pleasant -pne,' said ' Martha, ' You know what- omen is drawn from the first- dream, uader a strange roof.' 'That it will come tine,' Jane laughed agaio. ' Well, I don't think my dream is likely to come trne.' ' Yon've no objection to telling it, have you! asked Mr. Carrick, echoing her langh. ' Oh, not the least,' said the girl. ' I went to sleep almost as soon as my head touched the pillow, and it was in this first sleep that I met yonr ancestor, Colonel Carrick. Yon know we had been speaking of him daring theevening, Martha, and I had admired his portrait, and told yon that if I was to be visited by any ghost I shonld prefer the hand some royalist. Well, I dreamed that I was at a great party in this very house, only the farnitnre was all of it quite old- faRbioned- and instead of vnnr bier windows, there were ever so many smaller ones, and so bigh from the floor they looked like prison windows to me r Why, I declare, that was the very appearance the honse presented before you altered it, Mr. Carrick !' interrupted Mrs. Deane. ' I dare say Mies Malcolm has heard it described, or perhaps saw it before tbe alterations.' ' Neither the one nor the other,' re plied Jenny. ' I did not know the honse had been altered.' 'A few of the rooms have been modernised a little,' said Mrs, Deane, who was an old friend of the Carrick family. ' I wonder you shonld dream of them as they nsed to be !' ' Well, I did,' aaid J enny. ' I see, I see ; you are bound to put it all to the Red Room account,' Mr. Carrick cried, gaily. ' Yon and my wife were gossiping over it, yon know.' Jenny looked at him with a rather pnzzied face, bnt Mrs. Carrick interposed -quickly. 'Come, do go on with your dream, Jenny. There's nothing I like to hear about so much as people's dreams.' And Jenny went on. ' When I came into the room where all this gala com pany was, the first person I saw dis tinctly was a tali, handsome man, in a grand uniform just like that in the picture of Colonel Carrick, and the face of this gentleman was precisely like the face in the portrait. He came forward to meet me as I entered, and as he stood before me a moment, what do yon think he said!' And here, pausing, Jenny laughs and blnsheB a little. ' We give it up ; none of this family is good at conundrums, Miss Jane,' Frank Carrick remarks ; and so with another little laugh she goes on. a He said, in so low a tone that I understood at once nobody but myself was expected was expected to hear it; Miss Malcolm, my nephew has arrived, and is impatient to meet his promised wife.' Tbe next moment be tnroed abont, and a yonng man not at all like the Colonel, and dressed in the fashion of to-day, stood before mc. He put ont his hand to receive mine, and as he did so I started back in a sort of fright, where upon the old Colonel bent down and whispered in my ear, " It is of no use for yon to resist, my dear ; It is your fate." '. Here Jenny pauses. Nobody interrupts her. 'This,' she continues, 'only frightened me the more, and I turned and ran out of the room. The Colonel ran after me, not at all angrily, but laughing immoderately. But I was too swift for him. I ran up stairs right into the Red Room (my room you kDow, that I am now actnaliy sleep ing in), and banged tbe door in his face. Then I awoke, and I was really laugh iug myself.' ' That's not much of a dream,' said Mrs. , Deane disparagingly. ' But it's not all,' said Jane. 'After, lying awake a few minutes. I fell fostj asleep again, and I took up my dream ; jnst where I had left off) for I heard the< sound of the Colonel's laughter and foot steps growing fainter and fainter as he went down stairs. I had escaped the Colonel, bnt there before me stood an old, old lady with a white satin dress over her arm. ' It's of no use for yon to resist,' she said, repeating the Colonel's words and wagging her head wickedly at me, ' it's your fate ; for this prank of yonrs you will be married to-night, young lady.-' Do- what I would, I couldn't escape from: her; and she pot on me the white satin: dress. It seemed to be npon me very quickly, and then as she opened tbe door and seized my wrist, to lead me down, I sprang away ; bnt my foot canglit in my grand gown, and I felt myself falling in > that frightful, way one does fall in dreams. And here; while I was falling, I again awoke.' . And' was that the ending f cried ' Martha. ' No. ' I lay awake a goodish while ; riustime, specolatingabout tnyodddream, j and especially the odd -manner in which the eam'e dream had returned to ma : And , during this speculation <.X fell asleep a third rime, and again the same thread was resumed. This time I -was dying in a great canopied bed .in that very Red Room . and the old. lady and the Colonel were standing before me looking 'as jsgjenm as judges. The old lady came close up to She bed, -and leaning over tne/eaid, in a ehriUlittte yfii eer again, miss, lean tell you ; never again. That ancestress of yonrs eerved this family a nice trick in her day, and got as well scandalised by her folly.' Then that handsome Colonel laughed, and said to me, in the politest way : ' And yon, my dear, are going to atone for all that You'll unite' — and snap here went the thread of the dream again, and I awoke. I suppose it was that horrid little black-and-tan terrier of yonrs, Martha, yapping under my window, that disturbed me this time. X went to Bleep agaio, bnt I didn't dream again ; which was a disappointment, you'll allow. I did so want to hear what the Colonel was going to say,' she added laughingly. 'Tbefactof itis,yon were disappointed: an po t meeting that nephew again, Miss-' Jenny,' said Frank, joeosely. ' Of courpe I was,' retorted. Jenny in' the-same strain. ' But w.Rsit-not a very ; odd dream — taking- in . the. fact of my- resuming itiwipe .after wakiqg' 'Well, yps,; jt.-was father -odd) he qdmitted. "'Bnjt the .fact of resuming a dreamienotyery uncommon.' ' No, I don't jk&ow.that; itis,' returned Jenny, feeling somehow by Mr. Carrick's words and manner as if she bad been telling a vjjj foolish and' uninteresting atpry, Martha, too looked dull and distrait, aod-tbat little Mrs. Deane bod a queer, constrained expression as if she were laughing at her. Abashed by these indications, Jenny withdrew into herself, and became silent. And the days went on, and nothing more was said. It was the time of the May meetings, of the picture galleries, of gay parties, of lectures, of theatres, aud of other busy things, sacred and profane ; so it seemed to Jane Malcolm that Bhe had not a minute in the day to call her own. The son was hot, the streets were thronged ; and Jane, either on foot or in the Carrick's modest little carriage, made her way amid stifling heat and dust to one place and another. The theological . May controversies and the social science lectures greatly won her favour, and especially the musical reunions that, to ordinary ears, had in them not one bit of melody. ' How yon can stand so mach dnlness Jenny ; the theology and the philosophy and the scrapings ; pozzies me,' exclaimed ACm Fvunt riopriolr stria mnrnincr vhan Jenny came down equipped for another expedition. ' How yon can listen to it all, I can't imagine ; let alone comprehend it.' ' Comprehend it ! Why, bless me, Martha, I don't pretend to comprehend the half of it' ' What on earth do yon go for then !' ' Oh, to see the people, and for the sake of going ont somewhere, and 1 do like tbe hard, dry things a little. Now I am up from the conntry it is right to make the most of my tima' ' Good gracious !' cried Mrs. Martha, ' when I thought and Frank thought that yon were up to all the' isms and the ologies 1 The idea of yoar going for nothing but to meet people, like any Other girl !' ' Did you imagine I was not like any other girl, Martha !' ' Why, yes, in a way, I suppose I did. You know, Jenny, you were always above ma Compare your grand intellect with poor mine !' Jenny langhed heartily. ' Compare it with yours ! My superior intellect ! How is it shown, Martha! — in not being afraid of ghosts ! By the way, you have never told me yonr ghost story yet. What iB it!' Martha looks queer. ' Oh, it'e nothing bnt an old fancy abont the old Colonel and some friend of his appearing now and then.' ' In the Red Room, I suppose,' laughs Jenny, merrily. ' And who's tbe friend ! — the old lady I met io my dream !' ' What if it is ! Yon have not met either of them since the first night, Jane.' ' No that I've not. But, Martha, I met the yonug man again last night, the nephew they were so anxious for me to marry.' Now what do you mean by saying tbat !' demanded Mrs Carrick. ' Well, I dreamt of hiin. It's tbe second time I've seen him, you know, aod I assure you I am getting quite reconciled to tbe match.' She went off in a burst of merriment, for tbe little brougham was waiting, and Mrs. Deane was waiting also.. They were going together alone, to an afternoon concert In the midst of the entertain ment, which was hot and crowded, a lady juBt behind them was taken with faintness. Miss Malcolm turned ronnd to offer her fan, when she saw a gentle man standing at her aide, suddenly torn his .gaze npon her. Jenny's nerves were well sheathed, as she had said, bnt a very queer sensation thrilled iter from bead to foot. The fate of this stranger was the face she had twice seen in her dreams ; the face of the man whom the old Colonel had called his nephew ! The fainting lady had to be taken out; and in the bustle this occasioned, the stranger moved forward, so . that he was more than on a level with Jenny. She directed Mrs. Deane's attention to him. ' Do you know tbat gentleman !' she -whispered. Which gentleman ! . That yonng man ! Never saw him before, my dear. He is looking at yon.' Taking a safe opportunity, Jenny pre sently looked at him. Yes, there were the same marked lineaments she 80 well remembered ; the bigh, well-formed nose, the searching eyes and peculiarly droop ing eyelids, the straight, dark brows, the clean-shaved, firm chin. On the upper lip was a slight, . dark moustache. He was tail, aod well-made; altogether a well and rather distinguished-looking man. How the concert progressed after that, Jane Malcolm . never knew. The fiddles scraped and the voices quavered, but she heard none, of it.. She was only, con scious tbat ever and anon that stranger's face was turned npon her with a gaze of. carious intentness. When all was. over, : varions acquaintances of Mrs. Dean's approached them, .and Jenny had to laugh andtalk; but she was fully con . etUQUB . that -her unknown, mysterious neighbour was hovering near to keep her in yiew. Only in the crowded progress to the door did she lose sight , of him. The last glimpse ehe had of him, he was linking . his arm with that of another gentleman, to whom he began to talk." / " Anyway, he must be flesh and blood, and not a phantom ; there's satisfaction in"t\aV qnoth Jenny to herself "It ms unaccountably, odd though.' tea. Mrs. Deane swallowed a cap stand ing, and then ran np stairs to her baby and nurse. And over their own tea, Jenny told her cousin the strange story of the afternoon. Mrs. Martha, listening to it, looked as if all the ghosts of the Canucks' ancestral mansion, had suddenly appeared before her. ' Who wonld have thought, Jenny, . that snch a little, matter-of-fact, practical person as yon woma nave oeen iue heroine of so uncanny a mystery !' Jenny laughed. 'Martha, yon treat this little sequel to my dream with more respect than yon did the dream Itself' Martha, coloured ; glancing at Jenny in a quidgfoheervant .way . ' And Ilfimft-fenow that I' -wonder at it, went am- Jmw- 'Of course, this I queer factof/meetitig my dteam-geirfle- man in Ibtpap.' daylight, makes the chiet interest in 'the whole manner.' ' Ate yon sure the young man yon saw was the same that appeared to you in your dream! ' Sure aud certain, Martha. In my two dreams, please remember. His face made a clear impression upon my memory in the first dream ; bat it was nothing like the exactness with which every feature, and its every expression, fixed itself like a photograph in my mind in tbe dream of last night.' 'I. never heard anything like the affair altogether ; never,' ejaculated Mrs. Carrick, with emphasis. I have,' quietly returned Jenny. ' Nothing of the kind ever came nnder my own observation or experience before, but I've read and heard of such things. We are Scotch people, yon know, on my mother's side, and I have heard Grand mamma Mackay tell a great many of tnose Old, Becoua-signt, oanca Hones, and especially about such dreams as mine. A great many of them, I believe, are purely imaginary, helped oo by some old tradition ; but now and then something like this experience of mine does happen, I take it.' ' Yonr father was Scotch, too Jenny.' ' No, only in name. Originally I sup pose he was.' ' I wonder what Frank will say to this !' cried Mrs. Carrick, in a sort of triumph. He is a wretched unbeliever in general.' ' I shan't tell him. You can, if you please.' 1 Of course I shall and that very sight she kept her word. Frank laughed, as was hiB wont And what be said was not at all complimen tary to his wife or to Jenny. In fact, he doubted the whole story ; believed that Jenny had become so impressed with that dream-gentleman that die endowed the first fine-lookiog fellow she saw with Ids lineaments ; and mocked at Martha for a goose. ' That shows how mach yon know of Jane Malcolm,' retorted she. She's abont as fanciful as yon are, Frank, and no more so.' ' I don't think. Jenny is very fancifnl myself, Martha ; but girls will be girls,' declared Mr. Carrick, with the air of so ai ming the matter np. ' And stupid men will be stupid men,' retorted Mrs. Carrick, making a grimace at her lord and master. This ended it for the present Batj what with one thing and another, Mrs. Martha felt intensely aggravated. The May meetings were over ; and in three days more Jane's visit would come to ao end. A festive evening gathering was about to be held at The Gables : Frank and his wife had been too bnsy to think of it before. On the night of the festivities, Martha herself dressed, went to the Bed Room to see for her consin. Jenny was standing before tbe glass, settling some pink rose buds in the body of her dress. It was of white tarletan, the skirt looped np with roses and rose-buds. ' Oh, Jenny,' she exclaimed impnlsivcly, ' you look lovely !' I may look lovely ; but I don't feel so just now,' returned the girl, a curious seriousness running through her light tone. ' And why not, pray ! — Stay, this wants a pin here.' ' Martha, yon will think me cracked, I dare eay ; bnt, as true as I'm Btanding here, I am wearing the exact dress — this white robe and these pink roses — that I wore when I found myself standing be fore the old Colonel in my dream. I remembered it as yon came into tbe room ; it flashed npon me with a sort of shock.' ' Goodness gracious !' exclaimed Martha, dropping a whole paper of pins in her trepidation. ' You know I told yon at the time that the nephew's dress was of the fashion of to-day, but X never remembered my own dress until this moment. This is what yon call a latent memory, I suppose ;' and Jenny laughed a little. It is the identical dress the old lady took off to attire me in the satin.' ' Ob, my goodness !' again breathed mrs. manna, as enc pic&ea; up uer pins, ' what a dreadful thing, Jenny ! I believe it all comes of this room ; and — but there's tbe bell aud the first carriage, and I must run.' She whisked out of the room as if she were Bering from a small army of ghosts. Jenny looked after her in surprise, for she saw that her terror was real. And, for a moment, as she stood there alone, and heard the wind sweeping through - the long passages, and shaking the old door- latches, an nndefined feeling came over her, not of fear, bnt of something un usual, either in the atmosphere about her, or in her own state of miodL ' It canlt be this Red Room, as Martha says,' she murmured, it must be that I am growing silly.' But yet she was not sorry to see Mary Ann come back, asking whether there was anything else she could do. Taking a last look at herself) she drew on her white gloves and went down to the drawing-rooms. And once in that gay, bright scene, seeing glimpses of her own pretty self in the long mirrors, and meet ing an endless array of Carricks of one and two and three generations, and other brilliant people, she forgot all aboat the dreams and their troubling pozzies, and remembered only the very agreeable present, tbat she was looking ber best, and that soine flattering eyes, bent on her, were beaming with a consciousness of that fact One of these gazers was brongbt np to hear and introdnced'aBTom Carrick; and they were both in the fall swing of that remarkable nonsense yonne people de"ght in, when- some stir in the room close by, and their host's voice raised in emprise, /caused - them to look round. ' What you, Henry 1 What does this mean!' It means that I am back,' answered a pleasant voice : and Jenny frit ready to faint, for tile speaker was a yonng man she had three times seen— twice in her dreams, once at the concert 'In fact,-) I've been back a week or two, Frank, bnt most of tbat time has bad to be spent in "the -country.' Jl/OU E Dd nlBiUlcQ) Juloo luHlvOHll j it's only another Carrick,' cried her com panion, perceiving her strange look. ' This one fo Henry ; he has been absent for two or three years." Jane Malcolm was watching the new- co mer, -lis ten bag .to Martha's cordial re- ceptiOn/oYJnimmiri hriMiiig iher ireath in a sort- d£ «ager /restraint, till she -shodld'be jbrcnght face to face with him, hardly knowing, as it seemed to ner dazed mind, whether he was real or un real. ' Where has he been !' she asked mechanically. ' Oh, all about the Continent. Stayed chiefly in Paris, I fancy. Miss Malcolm, what is it ! You look as if you had seen a ghost.' 1 Perhaps I have,1 ehe answered, in the same tone. And shortly she knew that Frank was Btanding before her, introduc ing to her his relative (a distant one), Mr. Henry Carrick. Raising her eyes, almost reluctantly, she met tbe same intent gaze she had received a few days ago. He bent forward a little, aud said, in the quietest way : ' I believe I eaw you at St. James's Hall !' ' Yes,' she answered : and he sat down by her side, and they conversed together, the tones of each quietly confidential. Mr. Tom Carrick found himself quite de fvAn ont) ntnvmf SISOD " I say, Martha,' arid he, ' Henry has cat me oat entirely with your pretty cousin. Just look at them !' Mrs. Martha looked disturbed. She had heard vague reports that Henry Carrick was a very agreeable man, who made himself tascioeting to women with out the slightest idea of marrying, and she did not chose Jenny to be trifled with. Taking a dltonr presently, she made a- little effort at breaking np the prolonged - t£ tf-i-tete, but unsuccessfully. At this failure she beckoned to her hneband. ' Break np that flirtation, Frank, and bring Jenny over to me. 1 want ner to make acquaintance with the Dunham girls.' 1 Flirtation !' repeated Frank, ' They are talking abont the iron mines in some Russian town.' i ' I don't care what they are talking abont ; I tell yon itis a flirtation, Frank, and I want you to break it np I don't approve of any snch monopolising on the part of Mr. Harry Carrick.' Frank shrugged his shonldere. He saw how it was : though like a sensible host — wonld that hostesses possessed the same shining virtue — he hated to break np a tSfo A-tetA ' Why can't women let each other alone !' was his inward query, but being a rather new husband he felt bonnd to please his wife at any cost, and so, though much against his will, went forward to do her bidding. It is very curious how a concealed motive .will sometimes convey itself to the person or 'persons most concerned. There was certainly nothing strange in the fact that a pretty girl like Miss Malcolm should be wanted elsewhere, and Henry Carrick was sufficiently a man of society to know that he had rather monopolised the young lady ; but, when Frank, following on his wife's previous effort, advanced with a plausible excuse for carrying off Jenny, Henry knew it was all a ruse. ' So I am warned off am I,' thought he; and smiled to himself Jenny also saw through it — thatshe must not make much acquain tance with tbislast -known of theCarricks; and somehow she felt resentful. That night, when the guests had departed, Martha came to the Red Room for a minute's talk. ' Well, Jenuy,7 she began, 'and how did you like my favourite, Tom Carrick ?' ' I liked him very well,' said Jenny,' but I liked Mr. Henry Carrick better.' ' Oh, yes ; I daresay Harry Carrick can make himself very agreeable ! He is a great flirt, Jenny ; at least people say so. Nobpdy thought he would ever marry ; when suddenly last year he sent news home that be was engaged. Who she is, we don't know : he seems to be a little eccentric : but mind, Jenny, he is an engaged man.' Jenny blnshed a bright red at this in formation, chiefly from the vexatiou that always assails a person of qnick percep tion when they discover that they are being indirectly warned, and ' talked at' Never very prone to restrain that quick spirit of hers, she flashed out an answer. ' Thanks, Martha, for your good in tention ; but I don't need yonr caution ; yet, at all events. I am not in love with Mr. Henry Carrick.'. Martha turned the colour of the Red Room itself. ' Now, JenDy, that is so like von.' 'So like mc to see straight 'through your transparencies,' laughed Jenny, recovering her good humour. ' But if you wouldn't beat round the bosh with me, Martha !' ' Well, well, dear, I should not like you to be taken-in by a meaningless flirt,' said Mrs. Carrick. ' Good night and pleaBant dreams to yon !' She shnt the door softly and went away thinking, quite unaware that Henry Carrick was the hero of Jenny's singular dreams — for that yonng lady had not told it ' She is going away to-morrow, and so much tho belter,' thought .that estimably prudent matron. But the next day, when Henry Carrick walked in to The Gables with that pleasant, easy manner of hiB, an hoar or so before Jenny's departure, on some flimsy errand concerning a fan he had unwittingly taken away in hia pocket, Mrs. Martha's fears and suspicions bristled np again. And in spite of her clever manoeuvring (which both saw through), he accompanied them to the station to see Jenny off by the train. ' It is quite shameful Frank 1' whis pered Mrs. Carrick. ' He has got her on his arm- — do yon see — leaving - yon and me to ourselves.' 'Offdrehdful f gravely assented Frank. What a goose yon are, Martha !' ' But the train was soon off ; Jenny, all n tears, in it; and Mrs. Carrick breathed: freely again. \- ' When are yon going to get married, Mr. Henry !' she: took courage to 'uquire. . .. ' Don't know atall.' he Miswered. ; We heard yon were engaged.' ' Oh did joa !' Which was all Mrs. Martha got out -of him. A month, or so, went on. July came in ; and on one of its earlier days Martha-j Carrick beard the astooodiog news that Henry was staying at Nalem, and might be often seen with Miss Malcolm. 'Frank, I shall go dowm to-Nalem-by tbe first train to-morrow morning and-do my duty !' ' Nonsense,' returned Frank. Indeed, I shall. And bring Jenny to her senses. Hs u staying down there with that fast George Otiey, who owns a yacht, I hear, and no end of other wicked elements of snare and delnsion.' If it wasn't for this queer engagement of his, it would be all right, remarked Mr. Carrick? when he had done laughing. ' What !' from Mrs. Martha, in accents of indignant amazement. ' Yon can say that, knowing Henry Carrick to be an unprincipled flirt.' It was now Frank Carrick's tarn to look amazed. ' An unprincipled flirt ! Henry Carrick! Where did yon get that idea, I shonld like to know f ' Where shonld I get It ! From yon, sir.' ' Now, Martha you are too heedless. I told yon once tbat Heniy was an odd follow, and thongh very attractive to women, we didn't consider him a marry ing man. I never said he was a flirt : he is nothing so contemptible. For a rich man and an idle one, he is wonderfully well-behaved in all ways. And dear little Jenny might be proud to gain his hand if it were in the market' ' But it 1b not in the market, sir. There's no beating sense into any of yon men ; -that there isn't To Nalem I go to-morrow.' &QU; cu jsausui 0uo woub ujr <hi canj train, herhnsband dutifully escorting her. Things were far worse than even Mrs. Martha had anticipated. She fonnd quite a charming little society at that dnll place Nalem : boating clnbs and sailings on the sea by moonlight, and picnics and such, like (as she was pleased to exp.eas it) snareB and delations. Jenny inter rupted her promptly in her first assault 'Don't say disagreeable things abont Mr. Carrick, Martha. He is my friend ; nothing more. I assure you. But he is my irieod ; we can tike onr friends too well to hear them attacked unjustly, and you are attacking Henry Carrick nnjostly when yon accuse him of trifling with me. He has been very kind and conrteonB to me. He knew from tbe .first that / knew of this engagement' . Martha drew a deep breath. Pat down in this way, she-conldsay no more. Jenny did remember hia engagement, it seemed, and so — ehe most be left to her own devices. What girls are coming to nowadays I can't think,' said Mrs. Martha in her husband's ear ; upon which, he told her she was no more than s girl herself) As they were thns talking together in old Annt Malcolm's pretty front sitting-room, Henry Carrick entered with Jenny. He saw the good young woman whispering, and an audacious smile -crossed his face. There's thunder in the air,' qnoth he, looking seaward, where a piled-op mass of heavy clonds was rising. A flash of lightning sparkled in Mrs. Martha's eyes. She had taken the remark to herself. The wind was really rising high, and Jenny attempted to close tbe window. Quite a gale seemed to be blowing in, and Harry Carrick eprang to her assistance. As he turned back, Frank held towards him a small, flat, Russia leather case he had jnst picked up from the floor. The cover, fallen back, dis closed a portion of a photograph, and, that, a photograph of a woman. 'Yonrs, Henry !' A nod of thanks and that same curious smile again from Henry Carrick. ' Tbat mysterious sweetheart of yonrs, Henry, I snppose! Come; it is time yon told ns somethiog farther about ber, I think.' There was a certain rongh decision in Frank Carrick's voice, despite his half- jocular manner. Martha saw — did they see f — the sudden pallor of Jenny's face at this. Was it the sight of that pallor that produced a change in Henry Carrick's demeanour ! His gaiety, his lightness fled, and after an -instant of hesitation, he; seemed to come to a sudden resolntion with an effort ; an effort that brought a tinge of colour to his cheek,' and a new tone into his voice. He moved his chair slightly forward, and began : ' Yon think I Bhonld tell you something farther about my mysterious sweetheart, as you. call her. I will tell you all that I know myself. Abont a year ago, when I was in Munich, I received a letter from my sister Kate, containing her usual badinage, her speculations and question ings abont my prospect of settling in life, as she called it She said she had heard, through friends in Paris — the Heydons, yon know — that I was very attentive to a mysterions yoong Polish girl who had \- been in society for a short time there. I had met this Polish girl but three times, as IE Happened, ana iuicw iiutuiug uiure about her. Just after I had -finished reading Kate's letter, it chanced that I went into John Carew's studio. He -was studying art -in Monicb, as I think yon have heard. On his easel, as I went in, a picture met my eyes that attracted me, for two reasonB ; the beanty of the face, and. the etrangely-old-foshioned look of the dress which the figure was arrayed in. I asked who it was. He told me it was a copy he had. been making of an old-miniature he had brought with him from home, the portrait of his mother's grand aunt, DrusillaCarew. We examined this picture for awhile together, and then he went ont to keep an - engagement, leaving me to wait hia return. I was sitting directly in front of the portrait, and I had to wait there an hour. I don't' mean to say that I was studying the portrait all that time ; I was think ing of a -hnndred other things ;.bnt I found after I had left tbe studio that the pictured face pursued, me. ..I went straight to a musical party where I met several distinguished artists ; but through all the talk and the music, and the throng of very pretty women, every now : and then, I would see in my. mind's eye, as we say, Miss Drntilla Garew: "Die/next day I went again to Carew's studio, and told him how his ancestreeehadhannted ma ' He laogfaed and remarked-: ' She's i coming back to atone', to one of yonr family, I suppose, for her perfidy, in the past' I was: -aU!;.at -;sea ntL this, greatly to his surprise, for he had supposed foat ell the Carricks knew the , oldfomil tradition. Hiwevev I heard it Vbenend there <for the- first tpihislifdij the old Btory.whioh !, dare jbpfcnow. Carew broke faith, and broke the heart of ODe Henry Carrick a centnry ago ; or at any rate worked a good deal of mischief with his life.' v Frank nodded. ' Yes, I know that old story, Henry : bnt what connection has it — — ' 'With my story, you wonld ask! It is the very root of It — as yon will see if yon have patience. After John had re- uuuuui uiu oaairaon to me aeproaacea several photographs that he had taken of thie portrait, and allowed me my choice. Evidently, he declared, Miss Drnsillahad some interest in me fay thns haunting me, and it was bat fair that I shonld possess her picture : and he wonld inquire afterwards, when we met, how my phan tom sweetheart was. Writing to Kate abont this time, 1 carried the joke on by teiung ner i naa at last met my late, which I hoped would put her inquiring mind at rest ; bnt that as things were not settled, I could not yet tell her the lady's name. John Carew unwittingly helped it on further, when writing to his brother Charles, by making mysterions mention of painting the portrait of Harry Carrick's intended. Kate spread the news right and left. Of course I intended to on- deceive tnem -ac my leisure, out she ana Charley went off, as yon know, on their exploring tonr to the world's end, and by all appearance mean to stay there. So Then yon are not engaged !' inter rupted Mrs. Frank Carrick. 'Not yet,' laughed Harry. 'Idon't know how soon I may be.' ' Now, I call that a downright swindle You ' Do let him go on, Patty.' ' Right, Frank ; I want to go on. TnTffl-atPfl ftrtei1 mv rofnrn T was at a concert at St. James's Hall. Hearing a slight -commotion Dear me, I turned to see a yonng lady holding ont a fan, and in this yonng lady's face I saw that of Drusilla Carew; I believe I may have been very rode in my close observation, which I hope she has forgiven' — with a smile, and a quick glance at Jenny's face, pale and full of emotion. 'But 1 declare I. hardly knew at the moment whether I saw a vision or a reality.' ' All this ought to be put in a book,' breathed Martha. ' Some matters took -me ont of town. me flay i got back I heard of your evening gathering for that night, Frank ; and I thought I wonld : --.ike ope at it. A minute after I entered your rooms I saw again the realisation of the portrait : not in the old-world attire of DratiUa Carew, bnt in a ravishing modern costume of airy white gossamer, with pink roses. Here's the photograph.' It was certainly Jenny's face. It was wonderful ! ' Drusilla Carew was Jane Malcolm's grand-aunt,' spoke Frank, ' or her mothers ; I forget which. But Drntilla, poor son), didn't break tbe other Henry's heart, Harry : she had her's broken in stead. That old Colonel and his sister — whose ward she was— made up the match between- her and his nephew, Henry Carrick, who had not a son, they say, while she was rich. Drnsilla re belled ; she loved somebody else, it's said ; and they shnt her np in a certain Red Room of the Carrick homestead — my homestead now. There they threatened, and persecuted, and starved her, until the poor thing died of a very rapid decline. At least, that was tbe account given to the world. And ever since then, the story runs tbat at certain times and to certain persons, that cruel Colonel Carrick and his sister appear in a dream, and rehearse over again their old wicked persecution. I always thonght this a great piece of hmnbug, nntil Jenny, the first night she slept in my house, and in the Red Room, too, had the dream, aud then. I hardly knew what to think.' ' Did yon dream of me /' asked, softly, Heniy Carrick. Which question Miss Jenny wholly declined to answer, except in blushes. But Mr. Henry Carrick took an opportunity of puttiug it again when they were alone. And also another question which followed naturally npon it. ' I fell io love with her that night at your house, you see,' he said to Frank ; ' if I bad not already done so at the concert.' And there was very soon a wedding at Nalem at which Mrs. Martha played first fiddle. ' And now that they are man and wife, Frank,' she said to her hnsband, ' I do trust that dreadful room of ours will no longer be hanntecL' ' Never was haunted yet,' returned Frank, aceptical as - ever. Nevertheless, Frank cannot explain, quite to hia own satisfaction, the why and the wherefore of Jenny's dream. While Henry Carrick, listening again and again to his dear little wife's recital of it, is content to take Shakespeare's view — that there are more things in Heaven and earth than are dreamt of in onr philosophy. 