CHRISTMAS NUMBER OF THE . OhSKRVEli. The Christmas number of the Ati'luidf Obtrrver' njay be. described as possessing in an nnuauol' dc^ee. those characteristics wb'.'U have never fa ; led in_the past to procure f > these special publications a hearty welcon e from all cloaies of readers, ,'n addition to the ordinary miscellaneous collection of travel sketches, critical reviews, essays', fictionrtnd an imposing Christmas Literary Mlote pie, the chief intredienta of which are ingenious puzzles, mirth-provoking Christmas games, a large pumber of mystifying conundrums, and 'several humorous stories, there is a special twelve-page supplement. Considerable care has been exercised in the production of this portion of tbe paper, with tbe result tbat we have a varied and .interesting collectioo of tales, poetry, rijidlps, chess,, problems, humorous and . other matter, specially appropriate for the approaching season at enjoyment and relaxation. The Christmas stories are, of course, tbPstrong feature of the number, bo tne of these being from the pons of wcU-tmpwn English novelists, while' Ofhta have been contributed by Australian w riters; bqt other departments of literature have also , been placed nnderContribution. "ForMab—The Stoiy of TWChristmas Gifts, 1 ' by Lindsay Dudc)Ui, is a p'.pajjBtly written ac • oonnf of the experiences of a younj lady who said " yes'' to the. wcoai man, and was enabled to .escape .from this undesirable position In tbe molt unexpected fashion, dne largely to tbe faot that the time was Christmas. "Poor Kitty Hloane'' in an affecting story of Iriiih devotion—in this case crowned with the most complete success—from the pen of tbat veteran in this Itiud of fiction, E. Owens Blackburn. In "The Wonderlul Bottle" Mias C. H. Spenoe tells an interesting story, presumably found ed on an Irish legend, especially suited to tbe tastes of tbe younger members of the household, and not without attractions for thoie off a larger growth. Then we havo "A Stray Kittm," by the author of "How I Pawned my Opale," and other stories. " GladyB Leigh's CkriBimas Gift"^— a diamond ring which was subsequently replaced In a little village Church ly the 'usual pluin circ'.et. This entertaining sketch is written by Florence Hodgkinson, the authoress of "The Ghost of Avondale," "Vere'e Love Story," and other tales. In " George Linton'i Escape" we have a thrilling South Australian story redolent of tho sbeepwash and the drafting-yprds. Master George is a thorough colonial, and though originally only the manager of the station, becomes in due course, through the agency of the owner's only daughter, first a partner and then a bouin-law. Tbe record of hia experiences, overthrow of numberless wicked machinations, and the triumph of virtue will certainly serve to while away an hour in a very pleasant fashion. " Sold fpr £5," by Sibella Edgcombe, is a pathetic little story of .the separation and subsequent restoration to her parents after the lapse of long years of on only daughter. Two stories in verje entitled, " The Lost Child" and "Tbo Kangaroo Hunter's Soliloquy," and a sonnet add to the interest and variety of the Christmas number of the Observer, which is now procurable at this office. 