SPORTING INTELLIGENCE. VICTORIA RACING CLUB WINTER STEEPLECHASE MEETING. The weather on Saturday afternoon was all that could be desired for a Grand National Meeting. The sky was bright for a winter's day, and there was just sufficient keen ness in the air to give a legitimate reason for the exhibition of costly furs and velvets on the part of the lady visitors. Though the two leading events of the meeting were generally looked upon as already the property of the Ballarat stable, there is such a love for jumping races among the residents of Melbourne, that the attendance on the hill, lawn, and Hut was very numerous. The course never looked better, and the day's sport would I have been greatly enjoyed but for the sad accident in the Steeplechase by which the jockey M'lnilis lost his life. The lawn was patronised by a very large number of ladies, and though the rich but somewhat sombre tints of the winter toilettes could not compare with the butterfly hues that grace a Cup meeting, the spectacle was nevertheless as attractive in its way as that when the great handicap race of the year is decided. There were many four-in-hands on the ground, and the carriage paddock during the luncheon hour presented a very animated appearance. His Excellency the Governor was on the ground during the racing. The tea tent at the southern end of the stand was very well patronised, and the favour shown to this establishment might suggest to the V.R.C. secretary the propriety of erecting a permanent building near the lawn, in which the cup that cheers but does not inebriate might be dispensed under circumstances of greater comfort to the partakers than at the present temporary erection. The racing commenced at 1 o'clock, and though there were six events on the programme, and an hour's interval allowed for lunch, the day's sport was got through in time to allow the visitors to return to town shortly after 5 o'clock. The racing commenced with the Maiden Hurdle Race, for which six horses came to the post, Ontario was made such a strong favourite that he started at even money against the field. The Joker, however, had some staunch friends. Tattler, who ran very unkindly up the straight, got in front as they went along by the river, and made the pace a strong one. The Joker, who ran in the rear for the first half of the journey, caught Rattler near the turn for home, and disposed of him very easily. Belle Brandon and Ontario tried conclusions with The Joker in the straight run, but Mr. Cook's horse was too good for them, and he won with a little in hand. Sinking Fund ran well forward till past the sheds, when he tired, but struggled home gamely. Rattler was beaten the moment The Joker challenged him. For the Maiden Steeplechase only six horses faced the starter's flag, Hope and Glenora being the most fancied. Huzza was scratched shortly before the race, to the disgust of his backers. The horses went away as leisurely as if they were merely doing exercise, and in consequence of the slow pace and the misbehaviour of one, Hailstorm, Ulenuru, Hope, and Hart Royal baulked at the first fence. By this mishap Shamrock and Speculator gained a strong lead, but they did not attempt to improve their positions by increasing the pace. Shamrock held his place in front all the rest of the journey. Hope lost all chance through falling near the far turn, where Hail storm also came down. Half-a-mile from home Shamrock and Speculator were close together, and it seemed as if the latter had something in hand that would serve him after crossing the last fence. When called on, however, he could go no faster, while Shamrock, who seemed to labour a good deal, answered gamely, and soon disposed of his adversary. Eight of the eleven horses coloured on the card came to the post for the Grand National Hurdle race ; the absentees were Ontario, Barwon, and Matador. With regard to Matador, it appears that a mistake was made in the nomination. Steps were taken to rectify the error, but the agent who acted for the owners in the matter did not do so effectually, consequently the horse was not allowed to start. Prospect was held in most favour, though Dizzy and Sparkle both received fair support shortly before the start. Prospect made the running till well round the turn past the stand, where Sparkle went to the front with a rush. Dizzy was lying well back, and Lothair was acting as whipper-in. Sparkle held his place in the front for the rest of the round, and until reaching the abattoirs in the second round, Basilisk racing him for the lead. Sparkle then dropped back, and Basilisk came on in front. Rhesus then challenged the leader, and the pair entered the straight together. In the meantime Dizzy was steadily drawing nearer the leaders, and it was seen that the favourite had enough. Dizzy showed a rare turn of speed in the straight, and though Rhesus made a gallant effort, he was beaten easily at the (finish. Lothair came up to the leading division, but was never dangerous. ': The next event was the race of the day-the 1 Grand National Steeplechase for which v 11 horses started. Sailor was first favourite but the start. Hailstorm, Hope, and Trigger were the scratched horses. Soon after they got away, Lizette showed in front, Sailor, Australian Court, Black Jacket, and Trumpeter following close up. Harper Thompson was well in the rear. Lizette baulked at the double by the railway bridge, and Sailor took the lead, which he held till reaching the sheds, where he was passed by Trumpeter. Here Vuulter came to grief. Australian Court took the lead as they neared the stand, with Blackthorn, Trumpeter, Sailor, and Chrysalis in close attendance. Going along the back stretch Australian Court was passed by Black thome, Sailor, and Chrysalis. The last named fell at the stone wall, and came on the top of M'innis so heavily that his chest was crushed in Australian Court fell at the same fence. Ultickthorue led the rest of the distance, and won very easily. Minnis was brought into the casualty- room, where he was attended to by Mr. James and two other medical gentlemen, but his injuries were beyond human aid, and he died within a few minutes, having never recovered consciousness. Five horses started for the Selling Race, which resulted in a very interesting struggle. Sunlight came in first, but the jockey being a quarter of a pound short weight the race was given to Wild Harry, who ran Sunlight very closely at the finish. Wild Harry was put up for sale, and bought by Mr. Norman Wilson for 150 guineas, "10 guineas of which goes to the funds of the club. The meeting terminated with the Flat Race, for which there were 23 starters. Bonnie Bee went to the front soon after the horses were sent away, and for a while it looked as if she was going to run away with the race. Virago, however, came with a splendid effort half way up the straight, and won somewhat easily at the finish. Bonnie Bee was second. The Ghost came very fast at the finish, but was too late to be effectual, and he only secured third place. MAIDEN HURDLE RACE. A sweepstakes of 0 sovs. each, LCL 10s. ft., with 150 added. For all homes which have never won an advertised hurdle race or steeplechase. Horses that have never started in a hurdle race allowed 7lb. The second horse to receive 25 sovs. and the third to sovs. out of the stake. 3 yrs old to carry 6st. 7lb. ; -1 yrs, 10st. 5lb.; t> yrs, 6 yrs, and aged, lust. 121. About two miles. Mr. S. G. Cook's b g ThuIJokor, by BIsmarck? Queen of Hearts, -3 yrs, 6st. 11lb. (Hatty).. .. 1 Mr. R. Lewin's b in Belle Brandon, 6 yrs, 10st. 8lb. (Cree). ? .... 2 Messrs. Robertson and Wagner's br h Ontario, 4 yrs, 9st. 12 lb. (Corrigan). 8 Mr. R. Phillips's b in Lottie, aged, 10st. 3lb. (M'innis). 0 Hon. W. Pearson's ch m Tattler, 4 yrs, 9st. 10lb. (Cupit). .. ' .. ..0 Mr. J. Stinson's have Sinking Fund, 3 yrs (including 3lb. over), 9st. 3lb. (King) .. .... ." 0 Betting Even and n to 4 on Ontario, 5 to 2 agst The Joker, 4 to 1 agst Belle Brandon, (I to 1 agst any Dior. On the word being given the horses went away at a very steady pace, Rattler showing in front, with Sinking Fund and Letty next. Sinking Fund was then drawn back, and Belle Brandon and The Joker went close up to the leaders. As they raced up the straight the horses were going In the following order :? Tattler, Ontario, Lottie, Belle Brandon, Sinking Fund, and The Joker, all well together, lessing tho s and Sinking Fund was in front, Ontario was very close up, Rattler was next, going very wide and pull ing double. The others were following in a cluster. As they rounded the turn past the stand Rattler tried to hold to the saddling paddock, and ran out very wide. He then went to the front with a man, the Joker and Sinking Fund following hint close up ; the others were all handy. The pace now increased, rather cutting out the work round the far turn and along by the sheds. Belle Brandon, the Joker, and Sinking Fund were next, in that order, and close behind the leader. Sinking Fund began to tire as they neared the turn for home, where the Joker had caught Tattler, jolly Brandon was next, and Ontario had gone up to fourth place. Rattler was soon beaten, and the Joker entered the straight In the lead, with polio Brandon well upon the outside, and Ontario very handy on the inside. The Joker had the foot of the others in the run home, and won comfortably by nearly a length; Hullo Brandon was second, Ontario was third, about four lengths off, rattler was fourth, and Sinking Fund fifth. Time, 4U1..35S. ' MAIDEN STEEPLECHASE. A swocpstakoof'6 sovs. each, £1 10s. ft., with 150 added. For 4 yrs old and upwards which have never won a steeplechase. Horses which have never started in a steeplechase allowed 1446. The second horse to receive SB sovs. and the third 10 sovs. out of the stakes. 4 yrs old, lost. Off. ; 6 yrs, list, 8lb. u yrs and aged, list. 121. About serves nillM and a quarter. 2; i I''l:mnll"B's « g Shamrock, by Romulus? Buckstone mare, aged, listed (Cree) .. 1 e f!!', i ' 'women's lo g Speculator, a yrs, 10st. 8lb. (Ashton).. 2 M(ku,iun)assC00k'8 b B "O"!' S S"' 1st" 6's MrA.\k Bowler's 5 h Glenara,' 5 yrs, lust. 121. (M'Oowan) 0 Mm.UvS?,',"ol,li n" br B H|U* "eyes. stood, lOst. Ulu. (JU'Lood) ., . Q M/"i ?r .M"'10"'8 8 * Hailstorm, D yrs, last. MR. Werrett) ... q i ?'.'IHjíS.'-? 10 l "XII ,,0J">' 3 "> 1 arrest ordinary,' 4 to 1 agst Speculator, 0 in 1 offered against any other. the horses went off very leisurely, In a straggling order, Steward was in front, with IloponoxlTl al storm rushed to the van as they reach.! the rat oELW an owl' and "'a sail "again via i°Tn i'%GI':M!im' "°P°.<»"I suit Royal. shamrock and Speculator, who took the fence cleverly, thus got a strong lead. Hope and Hailstorm were first over, and were sent along fast after the leaders. The fences in front of the stand were taken in the following order :?Shiunrock, four lengths in front of Speculator ; about 40 yards away were Hope and Hailstorm, together with Hart Royal not, linking-up has lost ground fast. The leaders were going very leisurely. Soon after rounding the turn past the stand Hailstorm went forward to second place, Speed later was third, with Hope following about 10 lengths off. The pace now improved, and on reaching the double near the railway bridge Hailstorm was racing Shamrock for the lead, but he lost all chance through falling at the Unit fence of the double At the next co Hope, who was creeping up nicely, fell, and ugh he was soon remounted, he lost a great deal ground. Shamrock led round the far turn four lengths in front of Speculor ; Hope was next, a long way off. Shamrock and Speculator took the lost fence together, but in the run home Shamrock stayed better, and won with something in hand by two lengths. Hope cantered in about 70 yards behind. Time, lm. 10s. GRAND NATIONAL HURDLE RACE. A handicap sweepstakes of 20 Sovs. each, 3 ft., with 300 added. The second horse to receive 60 Sovs and the third 25 sovs. out of the stake About three miles. Mr. D. Foster's b g Dbay, by Hughenden, line mangle, 4 yrs, 6st, 4 lb (Batty) .... 1 Mr. D. S..WalIaco's 0 g lUiesus,'aged, list of. (King) .... .... .... Mr. S. G. Cook's b g Basilisk, aged 10st 8lb. (Cree) Mr. H. Howlo'Bb liLothair, aged, 12st. 8lb. (Scobie) ( Mr. E. Weeks' b m Trlplct,agcd,10st.l21b.(Butlcr) ( Mr. P. Fallon ushers Prospect, aged, 10st. 2lb. (Corrigan) of Mr. I. Foulsham'sch g Sparkle, 4 yrs, 6st- 10lb. (Kilduff). .. 0 Mr. H. Sevior's br h Barwon pato Barwon-park) 6 yrs, 10st. 2lb. (J effect) .. .... settings to 1 agst Prospect, li to 1 each agst Dizzy and Sparke, 0 to 1 agst Lothair, 10 to 1 agst any other. After one or two attempts the horses were sent away well together, Prospect showing In front, with Rhesus, Triplet, Basilisk, and Dizzy following in that order. Lothair was lost. Prospect led round the turn past the stand ; Basilisk and Rhesus were his immediate attendants, and all going hard hold. The others were following in a close body, Dizzy being well behind. Lothair was last. As the horses ran along' by the river Sparke rushed to the front, and soon had a lead of three lengths. Basilisk, Rhesus, and Prospect were next In that order ; Dizzy had improved his position, and Lo chair was still last. Rounding the far turn, Sparke had a lead of four lengths, Basilisk and Prospect were next, together. After a gap of three lengths were Rhesus, Dizzy and Barwon ; Triplet and Lothair were together, well in the rear. The horses ran in the same order past the abattoirs and sheds. Sparke held his place in the lead as they entered the straight, when Rhesus and Prospect passed Basilisk. At the Stand. Sparke had a lead of a couple of lengths, Prospect and Basilisk were next together. After a short gap followed Barwon and Rhesus ; Triplet, Dizzy, and Lothair followed in that order. Sparke hold his lead round the next turn, where Basilisk took second place, and soon after Rhesus passed Prospect ; Triplet, Dizzy, Lothair, and Barwon were following well together. After a gap, Basilisk raced Sparke for the lead along the river, and the pace improved as they went on. Rounding the far turn Sparke had the inside running, but Basilisk was nearly level with him on the outside; Rhesus was very close up. Prospect and Triplet were at the head of the others. Before reaching the sheds Basilisk was leading, Rhesus had passed Sparke, and was pressing the leader, Dizzy was creeping up, and Prospect appeared to be tiring. Basilisk, ridden hard, entered the straight with a slight lead, Rhesus, who got upon the inside, running him close, Dizzy was showing well forward on the outside, in the straight Dizzy came. on very fast, and at the lasbhurdlc he was in the load, Rhesus made a strong effort, but Dizzy drew away and won easily by nearly five lengths ; Rhesus was second, four lengths in front of Basilisk, Lothair was fourth, then followed Sparke and Triplet together, Prospect was next. Time, Dm. 48s. GRAND NATIONAL STEEPLECHASE. A handicap sweepstakes of 15 sovs. each 4 ft., with 400 added. The second horse to receive 60 sovs. and the third 26 sovs. out of the stake. About three miles. Mr T.W.Phillips's br g Blackthorn by Alarm yrs, lost. 1236. (Kildutf).1 Mr. O. Russell's ch g Sailor, aged, 9st. 10lb. (M'Oowan) ... 2 Mr. J. O. Held us br g Black Jacket, 5 yrs, 10st. 8lb (King) .. 8 Hon. W. Pearson's br g Trumpeter, aged. 12st. (Halstead) 0 Mr. W. Bailey's ch g Vaultcr, 0 yrs, 11st. 6lb. (Scobie). Mr. J. McKenzie's b g Harper Thompson (late Hulibub), 4 yrs, 11st. 4lb. (Crochet Mr. H. Chlfnoy'sbrni ChryBalls, aged, 10st. 10lb. (M'lniils) .... ... 0 1 Mr. S. Martin's b g Obodiab, aged, 10st. 7lb. (Batty) 0 Mr. M. Mornn'sb in Llzotto (late Jenny Moore), 6 yrs, 10st. (Kingston). 0 Mr. K. Weekes b g Australian Court (late Stag), 5 yrs, 9st. 5lb. (Corrigan) . Mr. O. Ci'ipps'sh or br g Mariner, aged, 9st. 7lb. (Dean) ... 0 Betting 6 to 2 agst Sailor, 6 to 1 each agst Lizette and Australian Court, 100 to 15 each agst Chrysalis and Ubndlali, 10 to 1 agst Blackthorn. On the word being given the horses went away at a good pace, Obadiah'being In front, with Australian Court and Mariner next. Before going far LIzette took the lead, Australian Court, Obadiah, Sailor, and Black Jacket being next, in a cluster. Going along by the river Lizette, Sailor, Australian Court, Black Jacket, and Trumpeter were running close together in front, the others were following in a close body Sailor advanced to the first position after they passed the railway bridge, and led round the far turn ; Australian Court and Trumpeter were next, very close to the leader ; then followed Black Jacket, Obadiah, Blackthorn, Chrysalis, and Harper Thompson, In that order, and close together. Lizette baulked at the fence by the bridge and was out of it, on the jockey did not persevere with her. Trumpeter was showing in front as they passed the sheds ; Sailor, Australian Court, Blackthorn, Black Jacket, and Chrysalis were following in that order. Here Vaultcr fell, and Blackthorn went up to the leaders as they neared the turn into the straight. The fences in front of the stolid were cleared in the following order Aus tralian Court, Blackthorn, Trumpeter, Sailor, Black Jacket, Chrysalis, and Harper Thomas. son. Blackthorn went to the front as the horses rounded the first turn, and Sailor had taken second place; Australian Court, Trumpeter, Black Jacket, and Chrysalis were next In that order, and all handy. Going along by the river Australian Court again went up to the leading division, and for a time he held the lead, but was passed again by Blackthorn near the railway bridge. Blackthorn led round the far turn, with Sailor, Chrysalis, Australian Court, Black Jacket, and Trumpeter next. At the stone wall Chrysalis fell, and Australian Court, who was next, fell at the same jump. Blackthorn improved his lead as he went on, and at the sheds he was fully four lengths in advance of Black Junket, who had taken second place ; then followed Trumpeter and Sailor, about three lengthsman. Harper Thompson, who was gradually improving his position, was next. Blackthorn led into the straight, where Black Jacket made an effort to get by on the inside, but failed. Trumpeter and Sailor hereabout four lengths behind. In the run home Sailor came with a rush and passed Black Jacket, but could not get up to Blackthorn, who won comfortably by nearly six lengths ; Sailor was second, three lengths in front of Black Jacket; Trumpeter was fourth ; Earlier Thompson cantered in a long way behind. Time, was. 17s. SELLING HURDLE RACE. K sweepstakes of 3 sovs. each, 5 ft., with 100 added. Weights as in Maiden Hurdle Race. Winner to be sold for £60. 7lb. allowed for every £10 reduction in selling price down to £10. Two miles. Mr. J. Lnytc-n's ch g Wild Harry, by Manuka? Deception (£10), aged, 8st. 8lb. (Carey) Mr R. Hardy's b g Stormbird (£10), aged, 8st. 8lb. Mr. J. M'Grade's M g Black Prince (£10), egress. i)lb.(Kilby) ... Jr. T. Harrington's b g Springfield (late Stranger), (£10), aged, 8st. 8lb. (Wattle).. Mr. G. Perry's b g Sunlight, aged 10st. olb.(Fergu tins utHQ. justice induce, him Bburiliuini. Stormbird led away, with Wild Harry by close at tendance, but was soon passed by Black Prince, who led past the stand. Going along by the river Black Prince was leading, with Stormbird very close up. After a gap of about four lengths, followed Sunlight and Wild Harry, together. Springfield was out of the race from the start. The horses ran round the far turn and along by the abattoirs In the same order. Stormbird took the lead in the straight, where Sunlight caught and passed him. Wild Harry came up fast at the finish, but could not get up to Suullglit, who passed the post a length In front. Stormbird was very close on to Wild Harry. Black Prince was next, about three lengths off. On coming to scale It was found that the rider of Sunlight was Jib. short weight, and the race was therefore given to Wild Harry. Time, Sir. 58Js. FLAT RACE. A handicap of D sovs. each, Cl 10s. ft., with 150 added. For three yrs old and upwards. Lowest weight to be not less than 7st. One mile. Mr. W. Bailey's ch f Virago, by Slandorcr?Miss Saxon, 3 yrs, 7st. 8lb. (McGowan) Mr. A. M'Donald's br g Bonnie Bee, 3 yrs, 8st. 4lb. (Holes) .... ... .... 2 Mr. T. Jones' ch or so The Ghost, 5 yrs, 6st. 12 lb. (Batty).; Mr. E. Weeks' b c Transferred, 8 yrs, 9st. 5lb. (O'Brien).; .... 0 Mr. J. Morrison's ch o AUander, 3 yrs, 6st. 5lb. (Londonelly).0 Hon. W. Pearson's br f Confessor, 3 yrs, 8st. 10lb. (Power). .... 0 Mr. S. G. Cook's b c Anglesey, 3 yrs, 8st. 8lb. (S. Johnson). Mr. S. Miller's b m Corona, 4 yrs, 8st. 8lb. (Carey). .. 0 Mr. M. Griffin's br h Westbury, 6 yrs, 8st. 8lb. (Ito . blush). .. ..0 Mr. C. Flemming's ch h Turretfield, 4 yrs, 8st. 7lb. (Smith). .. ..0 Mr. A. Saqui's b o Mistake, 3 yrs, 7st. 7lb. (Walker) Mr. J. G. field's ch h Tumult, 3 yrs, 8st. 7lb. (Strat ford) . Mr. A. Davies' g m Josephine, 6 yrs, 8st. 61 (Barr) Mr. H. M'Klnlcy nth i Castaway, 3 yrs, 8st. 2lb. (Davis). 1. .. .... 0 Mr. C. Flemming's ch g Forlorn, 3 yrs, 8st. lib. (Saunders) . Mr. J. M'Grade's br h Tantallsor, 4 yrs, 7st. 111. (Ciokcr).0 Mr. W. Langley's br m Mary, 4 yrs, 7st. 8lb. (Brown) .. 0 Mr. H. Conolly'sg m Zephyr, 4 yrs, 7st. 8lb. Williamson ... .... 0 Mr. S. Gardiner's b f Omclotto, 3 yrs, 7st. 4lb. (Last night). Mr. J. Whittingham's br g Booleroo, 4 yrs, 7st. 2lb. (Sheehan) . :. Mr. W. Freame's b f Flash of Lightning, 3 yrs, 7st. (W. Johnson). Mr. J. Whittingham's br t L'Africaine, 3 yrs, 7st. (Cracknell!) Mr J. Simson's br c Sinking Fund, 3 yrs, 7st. (Kilby). .. settings to 2 agst Transferred, 0 to 1 agst The Ghost, 8 and 10 to 1 agst any others. Contcsslna and Westbury appeared to have the best of the start. Before going for Bonnie Bee went to the front, Contcsslna being close up. Mary showed well forward at the abattoirs. Bonnie Bee led into the straight, where Mary was very close upon the In side. Halfway home Virago shot out, and soon passed Bonnie Bee. Mistaken, The Ghost, Josephine, Itoof trce,Omclctte, and Mary were next in a cluster. Virago won by about a length and a half, Bonnie Bee was second The Ghost, who came very fast at the finish, was a close third, only beaten for second place by a head, with Mistaken, Josoplduo, Transferred, Hoof tree, Omelette, and Mary next, In a bunch. Time, 1m. 45s. 