THE LADY'S WALK A STORY OF THE SEEN AND UNSEEN. IN FOUR CHAPTERS. By Mrs. OLIPHANT, in Longman's Magazine. Chapter II. To say that I got rid of the recollection *-f the £ady of Ellermore when I went up stairs after a cheerful evening through a long and slippery gallery to my room in the win? -arouldbfnntrue. The curious experience which I had' just had dwelt in my mind with a , fcelirij of not unpleasant perplexity. OZ course, I said to myself, there must be Lomethinj to account for those footsteps— some hidden way in which the sounds should come. Perhaps my first Idea would turn oat to be correct— that there was a bye-road to the farm, or to the stables, which in some states, of the at mosphere— or ,. perhaps it -might even b3 always— echoed back the rounds of passing feet in some1 subterranean vibration. One 3ias heard of such things; one has heard, in deed, of every Kind of natural wonder, some jofthemno more easy to explain than the otberfeittd of piodigy ; bat -o. long as you. Lave science with you, whether you under tacdit ornob, you are all right. I could Jiot help wondering,' however, whether,, if hy ?cliancel heprd thoce steps in the long gallery outside, my door, I should refer the matter comfortably to the science of acoustics. I was tormented, until I fell asleep, by a vague expectation of hearing them. I could not get them outtjf my mind or out of my ears, so distinct were they— the light step, coft but -with energy in it, evidently a woman's stsp. I could not help recollecting, with a tingling sensation through all my veins, the distinct ness of the turn it gave — the coming back, the EoCr? «C'ing V1 a ^ine opposite oars. It seemed to me'thaT^rC-H: moment to moment I must hear it again in the g^^ry, and tQefl n0T could it be explained ? ~~~- . 'NT«-v+^«ixt_*Yw« T cl«Ti^ *-/m-¥t *t»a!1 o*» **** T nftii succeeded in getting to sleep, and what I had heard jilid not by any means haunt my dreams —next day I managed to elude all the pleasant occupations of the house, and, as soon as I could get free from observation, I took my way to the Lady's Walk. I had said that! had letters to write—a well- worn phrase, which of course means exactly what one pleases. I walked up and down the Lady's Walk, and could neither hear nor see anything. On this side of the shrubbery there was no possibility of any concealed path; on the other side the bank went sloping to the water's edge. The avenue ran along from the corner of the loch half-way round the green plateau on which the house was planted, and at the upper end came out upon the elevated ground bo&Tnd; the house ; but no road crossed it, nor was there the slightest appearance of any mode by which a steady sound net its otrn could be com municated here. I examined it all with the utmost care, locking behind the bole of every tree, £s if the secret might be there, ami my heart gave a leap when I perceived what seemed to me one narrow track worn along the ground. Fancy plays us curious pranks even when she is most on her guard j It was AEtrange idea that L who had come here with the purpose of finding a way of explain ing the curious phenomenon upon which so long and lasting a superstition had been built, should be so quickly infected by it. I saw. the little track, quite narrow but very distinct, and though of course I did not believe in the Lady of Ellermore, yet within myself I jumped at the certainty that this was her track. It gave me a curious sensa tion. The certainty lay underneath the scepticism as if they were two things which, bad no connection with each other. Had any one seen me it must have been supposed that I was looking foi- something among the bushes, so closely did I scrutinise every foot of the soil and every tree. It exercised a fascination upon me which I could not resist. The Psychical Society did sot exist in those days, so far as I know, but there arc many minds outside that inquisitive body to whom the authentication of a ghost story, or, to speak more practically, the clearing up of a superstition, is very attrac tive. 1 managed to elude the family arrange ments once more at the same hour at which. Miss Campbell and I had visited tha.Lady'^ 'Walk on the previous evening. It was a lovelv eveninff. soft and warm, the wratorn ' sky all ablaze with color, the great branches of the beeches thrown out in dark maturity -of greenness upon the flush of orange and crimson melting into celestial rosy red as it rose higher, and flinging itself in airy masses \- rose-tinted across the serene blue above. The fame wonderful colors glowed in reflection out of the loch. The air was of magical clear ness, and.earth and sky seemed stilled with an almost awe of their osra loveliness, hap piness, and peace. The holy time was quiet as a nun, Breathless -with adoration. For my part, however, I noticed this only in passing, being intent -on other thoughts, from the loch there came a soft tumult of -voices. Ifc was Saturday evening, and all the boys were at home. They were getting out the -boats/or an ereniog row, and the white sail of the toy yacht rose upon the gleaming -water. like a little white cloud among the lietween two of the beeches that formed a sort of arch, and looked out upon them, . distracted for an instant by the pleasant distant sound which came softly through the the summer air. Next moment I turned sharply round with a start, in spite of my self—turned quickly to see who it was coming after me. There was, I need not say, not a soul within sight. The beech leaves flut tered softly in the warm air; the long shadows of their great boles lay unbroken along the path ; nothing else was visible, not even a bird on a bough. I stood breathles3 lictwecn the two trees, with my back turned *o the loch, gazing at nothing, while the soft footstf-ps came quietly on and crossed me— passed me ! with a slight waft of air I thought, suih as a blight figure might have ?made; but that was imagination perhaps. Imagination ': was it not all imagination ? or -what was it? No shadows or darkness to conceal a passing form by; full light of day radiant with color; the most living delightful air, all sweet with pleasure. J stood there speechless and without pDvcr xo move. They went along softly, without chapgiug the gentle regularity of the tread, to the end of the walk, growing fainter a? they went further and further from me. I never listened so intently in my life. I said to myself, 'If they go out of hearing I shall JraqWit is. merely an excited imagination.' An Aki they went, almost oat of hearing, onlyj^tEci. faintest touch. upon the .ground; ' rhi^^erejii^^a^moropntiry^pa^sc, and my., beaji-ti^i^lrttj^.Jca^'a^to^iOf^ throat and «at*ialttipgi!.v^s^|J^r^»bkygv4o my ears next moment: they had turned and *¥efe~cmffiriKcT£^ *-'?'' *-~™'- — ' ' Ic^nitriettribe^thffieitBaerdmaryjeffecfc 3JUEtifciifid.beenJdaik ib^*ould fcawe beeoiMto»3 gether idinxrent. ; rUbehlanghtnetai ihife-life , r«rbund, the abeence-rf«Ui that OB^aMwciafea* j %ith the eBpernattiair P*odBced atihnlU « emotion to which Itcangfa»no.namei - .Ifcwaa -- iwSfcar f yet -my beatt*eatAfc*t tedmBwp^ . in any dangerouB -cmerseB-jy. (ana I^ltsnS' 'passecl rt»»*^»»gl»--t-nie''that wace j-vrnitan}y enough) beat before^ It was simple excite- ? ment, i attopewe-;- ami -in tte commotion of my mind I instinctively changed jfte pronoun . which I had hitherto used, and askeu my:^lf, , would «fce come back? -She did, passing me once more, with the same movement of the air {or so I thought). Bat by that time my i pulses were all clanging in any ears, and per haps the sense itself became confused -with listening. I turned and walked precipitately away, descending the little slope and losing \- myself in the shrubberies which were beneath. \- the range of the low sun, bow almost set, and felt dank and cold in the contrast. It was something like pi unging into a bath of cold air after the warmth and glory above. It-was in this way that my first experience ended. Miss Campbell looked at me a little Curiously with a half-smile when I joined the party at the lochside. She divined where I bad 'been, and perhaps something of the agitation I felt, but she took no further notice ; and a? I was in tiole to find a place in tbe boat, where she had establisaed herself with the children, I lost nothing by my meet ing with the mysterious passenger in the Lady's Walk. I did not so near the place for some days afterwards, but I cannot eay that it was ever long ont-cf my thoughts. I had long argu ments with myself on the subject, represent ing to myself that I had heard the Bound be fore hearing the euperstation, and then had found no difficulty in believing that it was the souBd;«£ some ! passenger on an ?adjacent' path, g£rnaps invisible from' the Walk. I had «bt been able to find that path, but still it migbt«xfiH;-at some angle which, accord ing lo -£b&falnral; -taw of transmission of sounds— Bah! what jargon this was! Had I not beard Tier turnifeit her pass me, watched her eomipg back?' And then I paused with a loud burst of laughter at myself. ** Ass ! you ? sever bad-any of these sensations before you heard the story,' I «aid. Aii3»ttefrwas 'true ; but I heard the steps before -I heard the story; andj now I think of it, was much startled by them, and set my mind to work ttf account for them, as you know. ' And what evidence have you that the first- interpreta- tion was not the right one?' myself asked me with scorn ; upon which question'! turned my back 'with a hopeless contempt4 of the perti: nacity of that other person, who has always' so. many objections to make.:: Interpretation-! toulB any interpretations ever do 'away with ?the effect «pon my actual senses of - that in visible passer-by ? But the most disagree able effect was this, that I could not^hut.out tw-n-m mn minA 4-Yba J^T-nonf^lfJAn f\f~ h£li&*infr those same steps in the gallery outside 'my door at night. It was a long' gallery tuntiing* the full length of the wing, highly polished and«omewhat elippery.a place hi. which any ? sound was important. I never went along to iDj-jroom without a feeling that ; 'at a»gr moment I might hear those steps behinH Bt£. ', or aft«r I bad closed tty door might; be cSOfP^ sciousof them passing. I never did so, but neither have I ever got free of 'the thought. A few days after, however, another inci dent occurred that drove the Ladv^s Walk and its invisible visitor out of my mind. We were all returning home in the long northern twilight from a mountain expedition. Hovf it was that I was the last to return I do not . exactly recollect. I think Miss Campbell had forgotten to give/some directions to the coach man's wjfe at the lodge, which I volunteered to carryfor her. My nearest way back would have been through the Lady's Walk had not come sort of doubtful feeling restrained Tne from taking it. Thotnglji 1 have said and felt that tbe c-Sectof tfhese mysterious jFootsteps* was enhanced by the foil daylight, still I had & fcorfc of natural reluctance to put myself in the nay of encountering them when the dark ness began to fall. I preferred the shrub beries, thoiigh they'.wjrfe darker_and,, less at tractive. Ab I came put of their .shades how ever', seme one whom I had never seen before — a lady — met me, coining apparently from ' the Loure. It was almost dark, and what little light there was^was-belund her, so that I could not distinguish her features. She was tall and slight,' and. wrapped, apparently in a long cloak, a drees usual enough in those rainy regions. I think, too, that her veil was over her face. The way in which she approached made it ap parent that she was going to speak to me, which surprised me a little, though there ? was nothing extraordinary in it, for of course by this time all the neighborhood knew who I was acd that 1 wa.3 a visitor at Ellermore. There was a little air of timidity and hesita tion ancux ncr as sue came lurwaru, iron which I supposed that my sudden appear ance startled heralittlc, and yet was welcome as an unexpected way of getting something doneihat she wanted. Tant dc choses en un tnol, you will say — nay. without a word— and jet it was quite true. Sbc came npto iris' quickly as soon as she had made up her mind. Her voice was very soft, but very peculiar, ?Riih^a sort effsr-away. sound as if the veil cr evening air interposed a visionary distance between her and me.' ' If you are a friend to the Campbells,' she said, ' will you tell them——?' tten paused a little and seemed to look at me with eyes that shone dimly thronghthe shadows like stars in a misty »ky. 'I am a warm friend to the .Campbells; I am living there,' I said. *' Will you tell them— the father and Char lotte—that Colin is in great trouble and temptation, and that if they would save him they should lose no time *'' ?* Colin !' I said, startled ; then, after a moment, ' Pardon me, this is an uncomfort able message to entrust to a stranger. Is he ill V I am very sorry, but don't let me make them anxious without reason. Wbat is the matter? He was all right when they hist heard ? ' *' It is not without reason,' she said ; ' I must not say say more. Tell them just this— in great trouble and temptation. They may perhaps save him yet if they lose no time.' ' But stop,' I said, for she seemed about to pass on. ' If I am to say this there must be something more. May I ask who it is that sends the message? They will ask me, of course. And what is wrong?' She seemed to wring i:?r hands under her cloak, and looked at me with an attitude and gesture of supplication. ' In treat trouble,' the said, ' in great trouble ! and tempted be yond hia strength. And not such &s; I pan help. Tell them, if you wish well to the Campbells. I must not say more.' . And, notwithstanding all that I could say, the left me so, with a wave of her hand, dis appearing among the dark bushes. It may be supposed that this was no agreeable charge to give to a guest, one who owed nothing but pleasure and kindness to the Campbells, but bad no acquaintance beyond the surface with their concerns. They were, it is true, very free in speech, and seemed to have as little detscus des carles in their life and affairs as could be imagined. But Colin was the one who was spoken of less freely than any other in the family. He had been expected several tunes since I came, but had never appeared. It seemed that he had a way of postponing his arrival, and **of course,' it was said in ^Vip f»7nil V- nmv Bime when he wan emected I had wondered more than once at the testy tone in which the old gentleman spoke of him sometimes, and the line of covert defence always adopted by Charlotte. To be sure he was the eldest, and might naturally assume a more entire independence of action than the other young men, who were yet scarcely beyond the time of pupilage and in their father's home. But from this as well as from the still more natural and apparent reason that to bring them bad news of any kind was most dis agreeable and inappropriate on my part, tbe commission I had so strangely received hung very heavily upon me, X turned it over in in my mind as I dressed for dinner (we had been out all day, and dinner was much . later than usual in consequence) with great per plexity and distress. Was I bound to give a menage forced upon me in such a, way ? , If the lady had news of any importance to give v.hy didfihe turn away from the house, where she could have communicated it at once, and confide itto a stranger? On the other hand, -.should I be justified in keeping back any thing that might be of so much importance to .them? It might perhaps be something for which she did not wish to give her authority. \- Sometimes people ? in such circumstances will even condescend to write an anonymous letter to give the warning they think neces sary, without betraying to the victims of mis fortune v that' any one whom they know is acquainted with it. Here was a justification ,fcr.tlie the strange step slie had taken. It might be done in the utmost kindness to r thtm if not to me ; and' what if there might be tome real osngei- afloat and Colin be in piril, as she said? I thought over these things t«ai:xious)y before I went downstairs, bat even to the xnoiucut of entering that bright aud genial drawing-room, so full of animated faces auei cheerful talk, I had not made up my mind what I should do. When we returned to it after dinner I was still, uncertain. It was late &cd; the children had been scnt.tp bed. lie Ijoys weat round to the stables to ecc that the horses were not. the worse for their. day's work. Mr. Campbell retired to his library. For. a little while I was left ulor.c, a ttiug that very rarefy happened! Pi eseutly Miss Campbell caniedowcstaiK from the children's rooms, with that air about her of rest and sweetness, like a reflection of the little prayers she has been hearing and the infant repose which she has left, .which. heegs about a young mother when she has ditppsed her babies to Bleep. Charlotte, by „ htr. jigfet of heiufi.no mother, but only a i voluntary mother^ byjdeputy,ilmda#tjll mqrc tender light about her in the sweetness of this duty which God and her goodwill, not 'fehnpie'nBtorentad t-ut upon her. «hc came feoftty nrtb- Qterooin .witk-her shining coun jAoEanca,^' Are yolLalerieJ.Mr. -Temple?' sbe eaid- -wpitb. «?? little surprise; ' Sow rude ot . those boys *o-lea»ey,ojl,' land same and drew ?: her chair towards the table where I was, ia the kindness of her heart. \- 'X am Tery . glad tb«y have left me -if I may &ave; a tittfcitalk with ybn^Icaid; andifeen before I knew I lad told ter. She was-tho iind cf woman to whom it is a relief to tell . wbatevtr maybe on your Ireart; The ?fiufc1 iihat my commission was to her, bad-really -Jess force (with me in telling it, than the «aae io myself. ;.She, however, was very much sur prised and distorbedi- 'Ooliu in trouble? CXb,!that might very well be,' «& said; then ; stopped herself. ** Yoa are bis friend,1' she said; 'you will not misunderstand me, Mr. ?Temple. He is very independent, and not so. open- as toe -rest of u* That is 'nothing* - agaisst him. We are all rather given to talkiog : we ? keep nothing ' to ourselves— except Colin. And thtn he is more away . than the rest' The first necessity in her mind seemed to be this, of defending the absent. Tben came the question, From whom .could the warning be? Charley came ia *s tl&s; moment, and ehe called him to heir' eagerly. ' Here is a very strange thin -r 3ia p . pened. Somebody came np to:Mr.!' Tenftpl-J in the shrubbery ;arid told Kim' to tell us that Colin was in trouble." 'Colin !:- I could see. that Charley- was* ai Charlotte bad been, mere distressed taaa eiirpriBed. ? VV,Thcn did yoa 'hear from him last ?" he- said. ''On Monday ; but the strange thing is, wbo.-eould it be that sent such a message '. You said a lady, Mr. Temple ?" . ** What like was she V «aid Charley. Then I described her as. well as I could. ' She was tall and VjeryjfiUghjCiiwrapped up in a -cloak, so that I could -feot make out much, and her veil down. And it was almost dark.' ' It is clear she did not want to be recog nised,' Charley-saidi "There was something peculiar about her yoice, but I really cannot describe it, a strange tone, unlike anything——" ; 'Marion Gray has a.peealiar voice ; she 13 tall and sHfrlifc But what, could she kao.r about Colin ?" 'I will tell you who is more likely,' cried Charley, V and .that is Susie Cameron. Her: brother is in London now ; they may have heard from him.' ? -. 'Oh, Heaven forbid! oh. Heaven forbid ! the Camerons of all people !' Charlotte cried, wringing her hands. The action struck me ? ss so like that of the veiled stranger that it : gave me a curious shock. I had not time to follqw out the vague, strange suggestion that it seemed to breathe into my mind, but the ? sensation was us if I had suddenly, groping, ? come upon- someone in- the dark. ' 'Whoever, it was,' I said, 'she was not indifferent, - but full of concern and in terest ? ' ' Scsie would be that,' Charley saio, look : ing significantly at his sister, who rose from her chair in great distress. ' ™ I would telegraph to him at oucc,' sac . saidj ''butit ia too late to-night. '- '?'i *' And what good would it do to telegraph ? If he is in trouble it would be no help. to. ' him.' ' But what can I do ? What else can I do ?' s be cried. 1 had plunged them into sudden misery, and could only look on now as an anxious but helpless spectator, feeling at the eame time as if I Lad intruded rayseK upon a family affliction ; for it was evidect ttat they were not at all unprepared for ? ' trouble ' to Ccliu. I felt my position, yery embarrassing, and rose to go away. ' I feel miserably guilty,' I said, 'as if I bad been the bearer of bad news ; but I a-'n fiure you will believe that I would not; for anything in the world intrude upon ? ' Charlotte paused to give me a pale sort of emile, and pointed to' the chair I had lef t* ^''No, no/' she said, 'don't go away, Mr. .' Temple. We do not conceal from you that v/e are anxious— that vre were ans ious evan bef ors — but don't go away. ' I don't think I will tell my father, Charley. It would break his Test. Let him have his night's rest whatever happens ; and there is nothing to he done to-night ? ' ' 'We will see what the post brings to morrow,' Charley said. ? And then the consultation ended abruptly by the sudden entrance of the boys, bringing a gast of fresh night air with them, Tiie horses, -werenot a preen the worse, though they had been out 'all day ; even old grumbling Geordie. the coachman, had not a word -to say. ' ' V ou may have them again to-morro^, ? Chatty, if yon like,' said Tom, She had sat down to hrr work, and met their ryes with an unruffled countenance. ' ' I hops 1 am not so unreasonable,' s3i« said with her tranquil looks ; only I coultl see a little tremor in her hand as she stooped over' *ie socks sLe was knitting. She laid down her work after a while, and went to tlie mzr.o and played accompaniments, while lirsfc Jack and- then Tom sang. She did it without any appearance of effort-, yielding to all tbe wishes of the young- stcr-s, ^hil^ I looked on wondering1. How cm women do ibis sort of ? thing ? It is more than onc^an divine. NV-xt morning Mr. Campbell as!r-vl '? br the- bye,' but with & pucker in bis forehead, which, being vow enlightened on tae su3-jecfc, I! could understand, if there wa3 any letter fibm Colin? 'T$o,' Charlotte said (ffho for Ltr part had turned over all her- letters with a swift, anxious scrutiny). ' But that is aothing,' she said, 'for vre heard on Mon day.' The old gentleman uttered an ' Umph !' of displeasure. *' Tell him I think it a great want in manners that he is not here torcceivc Mr. Temple.' 'Ob,fa+her, Mr. Tem ple understands,' cried Charlotte ; and then, she turned upon me those mild eyes, in which there was novr a look that went to my heart, an appeal at once to my sympathy and my forbearance, bidding inc not to ask, not to speak, yet to feel with her Till the same. If she could have known the rush of answer ing feeling with which my heart replied ! but I had to be careful not even to look too much knowledge, too much sympathy. After this two ^ajs passed without any in cident. What letters were sent, or other coin muhicatiens to Colin I could not tell. They ?were great people for the telegraph, and flashed messages about continually. There was a telegraph, station in tlie little - village, which bad been ve.y surprising to nie at first, but I no longer wondered, seeing their perpetual use of it. People who have to do with bueiheis, with great 'works' to manage, get into tlie way more easily than do others. But either no answer or nothing cf a satisfactory character was obtained, for I was told no more. The second evening was Sunday, and I was re turning alone from a ramble down the glen. It was Mr. Campbell's custom to read s- ser lnen on Sunday evenings to his hourchoid sEd as I bad. in copformity to the custom of the family, already heard two, I had deserted on this occasion, and chosen the freedom and quiet of a rural walk instead. It was a cloudy cveniDg, and there bad been rain. The clouds hung low on the hills, and half the surrounding peaks bad retired alto gether into the mist. I had scarcely ret foot within the gates when I met once more the lady whose message had brought so much pain. The trees arched over the approach, at this spot, and even in full daylight it was in deep shade. Now in the evening dimuess it was dark as night. I could cee little more than the slim straight figure, the sudden per ception of which gave me — I could scarcely tell why— a curicus -thrill of something like fear. She came hurriedly towards me, an outline, nothing more, until the same peculiar voice, sweet but. shrill, broke the silence. ' Did you tell tliem V she said. It cost me an effort to reply calmly. My heart had begun to beat with an excitement over which I had no control, like a horse that takes fright at something which its rider cannot see. I said, '.Yes, I told them,' straining my eyes, yet feeling as if my facul ties were reative like that same horse and would not obey me, wouldiiot Jook or examine her appearance as I desired. But indeed it would have been in vain, for it was too dark to see. 'But nothing has been done,' she said. ' Did they think I would come for nothing ?' And there was again that movement, the tame as I had seen in Charlotte, of wringing her hands. ? ' ? ' 'Pardon me,' I .said, ' but if you will tell me who you arc 2 I am a stranger here ; no , doubt if you would see Bliss Campbell her self, or if she knew who it was-^ — — ' I felt the words somehow arrested in ray throat, -I could riot tell why; and she drew, back from me with a sudden movement;- It is hard to characterise a gesture in the dark, but there seemed to be a motion of impatience and despair in' iti' 'Till'them again Colin wants them. He is in sore -trouble, trouble that ia nigh death.' 'I will carry your message ; but for God's sake if it Is so important tell me who sends it,' I said. She shook her tea'd and Trent rapidly past me, notwithstanding the anxious appeals that 1 tried to make. -5he. seemed, to put or.t a band to.wave me back a? I stoodgazing after her. Just then the ledge door opened. I fugpoge tbe woman within had been disturbed by ;thc fcpuijd of, tbe voices, and p. gleam of fiie^JgLtliurefc cut upon 'the road. Across this ifleam I taw the slight fig'.irs pass.quickly and .i#en s capacious tormjnth a white apron '. came out arid stood in toe door. The signt of the ccacbmairs wife in her large uud com fortable proportionss s^ve me a certain ca?c, I cannot tell wby. I. hurried up to her. 'Who was tbat that passed just nov»y' I asked; ' That passed just dow 1 There was naebedy passed. 1 thought' I beard a soice, and that, it was majl* Gcorclie ;. butnobody ha- passed' hr»e that I could tee.' !,'.:. . *' UStbnisense ! 30a m'us$ J?aye,.eeen JJ^ I cried bablily; 'tlie 'capnot be out of kight ? ;«t..,.2io.l.dbubt $*u 9»uld know who «!«*, '''En,' sir, ye maun db 5oteft^* cried the woman. 'What lady; If it werna Miss ^Charlotte, would Jae' walkimjbara at -this - time of the night f lady! it might be^ inaybe, the schoolmaster's daughter. - She » has one. of those ulsters ilikft 5* batteta.- 1 But nobody ias passed, here this hour back; o' that I'm confident,' she said. 'Why did yon come oat, Hien,' just at this momenta I cried. The iromaa «on templatedmein the gleam from the fire from top to toe. ' You're the English gentleman that's biding up Tat the bouse?'- she said. ? ' 'Deed, I just nearda;step,tbat was nae doubt your step, and I thought it might be my man ; Tiut there has naebody, far less a lady, what ever ihe had on, passed my door coming or going. Ie that you, Geordie ?' she cried euddenly as a step became audible approach ing tbe gate from the outer.side. - 'Aye, it's jest me,' responded her hus band out of the gloom. 'Have ye met a lady as ye. came along?. The gentleman hero will have it that there's fcecp a lady passing the gate, and there's been lo lady. 1 would have seen her through t lie ; window even if I hadna opened tne doorl' 'I've seen no lady,' said Geordie, letting Lhiiself in with considerable noise at the foot entrance, 'which I now remembered to.have c-lostd bfcbicd lae when I passed through a . ? fev: minutes before. ' I've met no person ; it's no;an. houx* -for ladies to. be abDut the, rr^ds ca Sabbath day at e'en.' ???. Jt was not till this moment that a strange fancy, which I will explain hereafter, darted into.-my mind. How it came I cannot tell. ? 1 was not the sort of man, I said to niyself , for any such folly. My imagination had.bsea a little tonchedf to be sure, by that curious affair of tte footsteps ; but this, which seemed to make my heart stand still and sent ashiver through me, was very different, and it was a folly not to be entertained for a moment. I stamped my foot upon it instantly, crushing it. on the threshold of the mind. - 'Ap- . patently -either you or I must be mistaken,' I f aid with a laugh at the high tone of Geordie, who himself had evidently been em ployed in a jovial way— quite consistent, ac cording to all I had heard, with, very fine principles in respect to the Sabbath. I had a laugh over this as I went away, insisting upon tbe joke to myself as I hurried: up the avenue. It was extremely funny, I said to. myself ; 4f would be a capital story among my other Scotch experiences. But somehow my liiugb died away in a very feeble sort of quayer. Tbe night bad grown dark even when- 1 emerged from under the trees, by reason of a great cloud, full of rain, which bad rolled up over the eky, quenching it out. I was very glad to see the lights of the housa gleaming steadily before me. The blind had not been drawn over tlie . end window of the drawing-room, and from tbe darkness with out I looked in upon a scene which was full of warmth and. household calm. Though it was August there was a little glimmer of fire. The reading of tbe sermon was over. Old Air. Campbell still sat at a little lable with tbe book before him, but it was closed. Charlotte in the foreground, with- little-Harry- and-Mary op either side of her, was *' hear- ing their paraphrase.' The boys were putting j a clever dog through hia tricks in a sort of clandestine way behind their backs, at whom Charlotte would shake her finger with an i admenitojy smiling look. Charley was read ir£ or writing at the end of the room. The Boft little chime of tbe children's voices, the suppressed laughter and whispering of tbe boys, the father's leisurely remark now and then, made up a soft murmur of sound which was like the very breath of quietude and peace. . How did I dare, their favored guest, indebted so deeply as. I was to their kindness, to go in among them with that mysterious message and disturb their tranquility once more? | When I went into the drawing-room, which v-as not till an hour later, Charlotte looked up a£ me smiling with some playful remark as to lay flight from the evening reading. Bat as she' caught my eye her countenance changed. She put down her book, and after a little consideration walked to that end window through which I bad looked, and which was in a deep recess, making me a Jittl^ sign to follow her. 'How dark the eight is,' she said with a little pretence of looking out ; and then in a hurried under tone-— 'Mr. Temple, you have beard some thing mere?' 'Xfot anything mprp, but certainly tbe. eame thing repeated. I have seen -the lady, again,' . ' And who is she ? Tell me frankly, Mr. Temple. Jus.t tie same thing— that Colin is in trouble;' no details. ' I cannot . imagine who can take so .much interest. But you asked her .for her name?' 'I asked .her, .but she gave. me no reply. She waved her hand and went on. I begged her to see you and not to give me sacb. a com mission : but it was of no use. I don't know if I ought to trouble you with a vague warn iug that only seems intended to give pain.' ' Oh yes,' she cried, 'oh yez, it was right to tell me. If I only knew who it was ! Perhaps you can describe her better, since you have seen her. a. second time. But Colin has friends — whom we don't know. Oh, Mr. ;?? Temple, it. is making a great claim. upon your kindness, but could not you have folio vredher ai-dfcundont who she-was.' 'ImsgLt have done that,' I said. 'To tell tbe trutb, it wa3 so instantaneous, and I ? was — startled .' She looked up at me quickly with a ques tioning air, and grew a little pale, gazing at me; but whether she comprehended tlie . strange wild fancy which I could not even permit myself to realise, I cannot tell ; for Charley seeing us standing together, and being in a state of nervous anxiety also, here came and. joined us, and we stood talking together - in an undertone till Mr. Campbell .called to know if anything was the matter. ' You arc laying your heads together like a, set of conspirators,' said, the old gentleman; with a half-laugh. His manner to me was elways benign and gracious; but now that I knew something of tbe family troubles I could per ceive a vein of suppressed irritation, a certain, watchfulness which made him alarming to the other members of the household. Char lotte Rave us botb. a warning look. 'I will tell.bim to-morrow — I will. delay no longer — . but not to-night,' she said. 'Mr. Temple was telling us about his ramble, father. He, hap,, just come in time to avoid the rain.' 'Well,' said the old maOi 'he cannot expect to be- free from rain up here in the HigLlands. It is wonderful the weather we bave had.' And with this the conversation fell into an easy domestic channel. Miss Campbell this time could not put away the look of excitement and agitation in tber eye3. But she escaped with tbe children to sec them put to bed, and we sat and talked of politics ard other mundane subjects.. Tbe boys were all .going to leave Bllermpre next day— Tom and Jack for the ' works,' Charley upon some, other business. Mr. Campbell made me formal apojo£k3 for them. 'I bid hoped Cc]in would nave been at home by fcbis time to do the honors of the Highlands: but' we aspect Him daily,' lie said, He kept his eye fixed upen Me as if to give emphasis to bis words and defy scy doubt that might Arise in my mind. . '-';. Njext morning I was summoned by Charley before I came downstairs to 'come* quickly and speak to my' father.' I found, him in rihe library, which opened from the dining - room. He was walking about the room in great agitation. He began to address me almost before - 1 was in. sight. ' Who is this, sir, that you have been having meetings with about Colin? Some insidious gossip or .other that has taken ye in. I need not tell you, Mr, Temple, a lawyer and an Englishman, that an anonymous' state ment — —.' For once the old gentleman had ' forgotten himself, his respect for his guest* bis fine manners. He was irritated, obsti nate, wounded in pride and feeling. Charlotte touched him on the arm with a murmured appeal, and turned her eyes to me in anxious deprecation. But there was no thought' farther frcni my mind than that of taking cifence. 'I fully feel it,' I said; 'nor was.it my part to bring any disagreeable suggestion into this' house — if it had not been that' my own mind was burdened with it and Miss Campbell eo clear-sighted.' He cast a look at her, half affectionate, half displeased, and then he said to me testiily, 'But who was the woman? That is tbe'question ; that is what I want to know.' My eyes met- Charlotte's as I looked up. ; She bad grown jery pale, and was gazing at. me eagerly, as if she baa divined somehow; the wild fancy which once more shot across ray mind against all reason and without any volition of mine. Chapter III. Mr. Campbell was not to be moved. He was very anxious, angry, and ill at ease ; but l.c refused to be influenced in any way by this strange communication. It would b« seme intrusive woman, he said ; some busy l.cdy — there were many about— who, think iijg &he; might escape being found out in that v.ay, bad thought it a grand opportunity of making tniechicf. He made me a great many r.pologies for bis first hasty words. It was very ill- bred, be said ; be was ashamed 'to thinkthathebadlet himself besocaniedaway; but he would bear nothing of the' message ittclf. The household, however, was in so agitated a state that, alter the. brothers de parted to their business on Monday, I made . a pretext of a letter calling me to town, and . arrariged my departure for the sameTevening. 13cth Charlotte and her father evidently divined ity motive, but neither attempted to . fit-tain me : indeed she, I thought, though it hurt niy self-love to Bee it, looked forward wita a little eagerness to my going. This, however, explained itself in a ' way less humiliating when Ehc jseized the opportunity of our laet walk tocetHtr to beg me to' 'do sonic-thing for her. ' ? ?*= ? V An j tiling,' I , cried ; ' anything— whate cvfr man can.'.' ' ' ? ' J kiiew 'yeu.ironld 'say K- :'? ttnrt ih why I fcfcve Etar«^;:4^'I*aiWJebri7.i f£:-avfe;noV.' trfW to' ifop you. 'Mr. Temple; I am not^ shotting my eyes to it, like my father. I am sure that whoever it waaihat apoke to 'you, tbemarnuig was true. I want you to go to ? CoKn,' 8he said abruptly, after aanementary .pauee,'«ad let ne (know the trutb.' ' 3Sj Colin ?' I cried. - ' JBot you know how little acquainted we. are* -It was not he who invifted me,_butr-Cbai:k?y^ — '?- 'And I — -. Yoa don't Jeave me out, I hope,' she said, with a faint smile; '.bat what could make abettor excuse than that you have been here? Mr. Temple, you will go when I ask you? Oh, I do more — I entreat you! Go, and let me know the truth.' ' Of coarse I shall go — from the moment you bid me, MisaCampbell,' I said. But the. commission was not a pleasant one, save in so far that it was for her service. We were walking up and down by the side of the water, which every moment grew more and more into a blazing mirror, a burnished shield decked with every imaginable color, though our minds had no room for its beauty, and at only touched my. eyesight in coming ?end going. And then she told me much about Colin which. I had; not. known or guessed— about his inclinations and tastes, which were not like any. of the others^and itcTv his -friends and bis ways were unknown to them.; 'But we have always hoped this would pass *way,' she said, ''for his heart is good ; oh, bis heart is good I . You remember how kind be was to me when we. met you first. He is always ?. kind.' Thus we walked and talked until I bad seen a new-side at once of her character and life. The home had seemed to. me so happy and free from care ^ but the dark shadow was there, as every where, and her heart .often wrung with sus pense and anguish. We then* returned slowly towards the bouse, still absorbed in this cou versotiorj.for it was time thatl should go ia acd eat my last meal at Ellermore. We had come within sight of the door, ? which stood. open as always, when we sud denly caught sight of Mr. Campbell posting towards us with a wild baste, so unlikebis usual circumspect walk, that I was startled. His feet seemed to twist as they sped along, in such .baste was be. His bat was pushed back en bis bead, bis coat-tails flying behind him — precipitate like a man pursued, or in one of those panics which take away breath and -sense, or, still more, .perhaps as- if a strong wind were behind him, blowing him on. When he came within speech of us, he called out hurriedly, ' Come here ! come here, both of you!' and turning, hastened back with the same breathless hurry, beckoning with his hand. ' He must have heard something more/' Charlotte said, and rushed after him. I followed a few steps behind. Mr. Campbell said nothing to bis daughter when ; she made up to him. He almost pushed her off when the put ber hand through his arm. He had no leisure even for sympathy: He hur ried ?? aloDg with feet that stumbled in sheer baste till be came to the lady's Walk, which lay in the level sunshine, a path of gold between the great boles of the trees. It was a slight ascent, which tried him still more. He went a few. yards along tbe path, then stopped and looked round upon ber and me, with his hand raised to call our attention. His face was perfectly colorless. Alarm end dismay were written on every lice of it. Large drops of perspiration stood opon his forehead. He seemed : to desire to speak, but could not; then held up his finger to command' our atten tion. For the first moment or two my attention was so concentrated upon the man and the singularity of' bis look and ges ture, that I thought of nothing els& What did be want us to do ? We stood 'all three in the red light, which seemed to send a naming sword through us. There was a faint stir of wind among tbe branches overhead, and a twitter of birds -; -and in the great - stillness the faint lap of the water upon the shore was audible, though ihelock was at some distance. Great stillness— that was the word ; there-was \- nothing, moving' but these-soft stirrings of nature. Ah ! this was wbat it wa3 ! Charlotte grew perfectly pale, too, like her father, -as she stood and listened. I seem to see them now : the old man with his white headj his ghastly face, the scared andawf ul'look in his eyes, and she gazing at him, all her faculties involved in the act of listening, her .very atti- - tude and drapery listening too, her lips dropping apart, the life ebbing- out of her: as. if something was draining the blood frbmher heart. ' ? ??? — ' -- ?' ,'. -V-- ?-?? ' : : Mr. Campbell's hand dropped. 'She's away,' he'said. 'She's^away?7— in tones of des pair; then, with a voice that was shaken by emotion — 'I thought it was, maybe, my fault. By times you say lam gettingstupld.' There was the most heartrending tone in this I ever heard— the pained- humility of old age, confessing a defect, lit up with a giea-m rif feyerishhope that in this case the defect might be a welcome explanation. ' Father, dear,' cried Charlotte, putting her band on his arm— she had looked like, faint- : ing a moment before, but recovered herself — ' it may be only a warning. It may not be'* desperate even ncsV All that tbe old man answered to this wa3 ?a inere repetition, pathetic in its simplicity*. ' She's away, 'she's away !' Then, after a full minute's pause, ' You mind- when that hap pened last ?' be said. ' Oh, father ! ch, father !' cried Charlotte. I -withdrew a Etep or two from this scene. Wbat had I, a stranger, to do with it? They had forgotten my presence,' and at ,tbe sound of. myJ step they botfe looked up with a wild eager look in their faces, followed by blank dis appointment. Then he sighed, and said, with a retnrn'of composure, 'TTou wiU throw a few ^Mngs into a bag, arid well .go at once, Cbat.iy. There is no time to lose. : They.Trent up with ine to town that night. The journey has never seemed to me so long or so fatiguing, and Mr. Campbell's state, which for once Charlotte in her own suspense and anxiety did not specially remark, was distressing to see. It became clear afterwards that his illness must have been coming on for some time, and that he wag not then at all ia a fit' condition to travel. .. He was so feeble and confused when we reached London that it was impossible for me to leave them, and I . was thus, without any voluntary intrusion of' mine, a witness of all the melancholy events that followed.' 'I was present even at' the awful scene which the reader probably will remember as having formed the subject of many a newspaper article at the time. Colin had 'gone wrong'1 in every way that a young man' could do. He had compromised the very existence of the firm in business ; he had tunimed up all his private errors by marrying a woman unfit to bear any respectable name. And when his father and sister buddenly ap peared before him, the unfortrmate young man seised a pistol which lay suspiciously ready to his hand, and in their very presence tut an endtd his We. All the horror and squalor and dismal tragedy of the scene is l-efore -'me as I. write. The wretched woman whom (I felt sure) Be could not endure tbe sight of in Charlotte's presence, tbe heap of letters ' on his table - announcing ruin from every 'quarter, the consciousness so suddenly brought upon him that be had betrayed and destroyed all who werejnost dear to hiin, overthrew bis reason crhis self-command. And the effect of. so dreadful an ocebrrenee' on the unhappy spectators needs -no description of mine. Tne father? 'already wavering iinder the touch of paralysis, fell by the same blow, and I had mjself to bring 'Charlotte from her brother dead to' ber father dying, or worsethen dying, struck dumb and prostrate in that awful prison of all the faculties. Until Charley arrived I had everything to do for both dead End- living- and'there was no attempt to keep any secret frc-m me, even had it been possible. It seemed at ?first that there riiust be a total collapse t)f the family altogether; but after wards some points of consolation appeared. I was present at - all ' their consoltationS. The question at last came to be -whether the ??Works/' the orijgin-»f theifTveatth, should be given up, and the_young. men, disperse to sefik : their fortune as they might; t»r whether a desperate attempt should be made to keep up the business by retrenching every expense arid ' selling EllerTUore. Cbariey, it was clear to' me, was afraiu to suggest this dreadful alternative to bis sister; but she' 'was no weakling to shrink from any -necessity. She made up her mind to the sacrifice without a moment's hesitation. ' There are so many of us— atai,' she said ; ''there are the r boys ' to think' of , and the cbilarcn.' When I saw her' standing thus, with all those hands clutching at her, holding to ber, Iliad in iny own mind a sensation' of despair. But what was that to the purpose? Charlotte Vas conscious of no divided duty. She 'was ready to serve her own with every faculty, and ehrank from .no sacrifice for their £Eke._ ...'.' It 'was some time before Mr. Campbell could be taken home. He got better indeed after a while, but was very weak. And bappily for him he. brought no consciousness of vbat had happened out of the temporary srtiEpcyision cf all' his faculties. His band and occ side were almost without power, and his mind had fallen into a state which it would be cruel to call imbecility. It was more Bite the mind of a child 'recovering from' an illness, pleased with, and exacting constant attention. Sow and then he would ask the most heart rending questions ; what had become of -3olin, if be was ill, if be bad gone home? 'Tbe best place for him— tbe best place for him, Chafty,' he would repeat; **apd if you got him persuaded to marry, that would be fine.' All this Charlotte had to bear' w ith a placid face, with quiet assent to' the suggestion. He w&s; in this condition when! took leave of him in the invalid carriage they bsd recured for the journey. He told me tbat be was glad to go home ; that he would ' have left London come time before but' for Chatty, who 'wanted to see a little of the place. 'I am going, to join my abn;Oolin/ who bos gone beme before Ha— isn't rtiatso, CbaMy *' ,** Yes, father,' «he said. V Yes, ? i c !«, 1 nave grown rathcr\Tolted» and'rtry very ' ! fiJ^Ja^n^&W.m.;^^U^in^a^^⇔:1 weakness of body-invalidiam], the old man said, in a tone of extraoroltiary pathos. ' I am Bometimes Jiot ran o£ what JLam sayin|; ; 9 buttChatty keeps;meright. ? Ctottn has gone - on before; he hu-».grand&ead;£or. business; she will booh eeteverything «gkfr— oonneoted,0 he added, wi^LAiCunooa; venae which seemed t to have 6utlived.hu other powera^ tint saaie- ? how ezulanation-of ColihVaclaoawas neoes- * sary—' connected witti any retirement, iaa;: past business ; bat well still hope tajsee you at Ellermore.' ; ...i- I oughtperhaps to say, though at the risk of; ridicula, that up to the moment ottheir leav»; ing London I constantly met or saaned- to ..meet— for I became confused after a while, and felt incapable cf distinguishing between' feeling and fact — the same veiled lady who bad spoken to me at Eilermore. Wherever, there was a group of two or three people to gether, it appeared to me that she was one of them. I saw her in advance of me in tho streets, I saw her behind me. She seemed to disappear in the . distance wherevsr. I . moved. I suppose it was imagination— at least tbat is the most easy thing to say ; : bat - I was so convinced at the moment that it was , not imagination, . that I have harried along many a street in pursuit of the phantom who always, I need not say, oluded me. I saw her at Colin's grave ; but what need to -linger longer on. ttiis hallucination, if it was one? Fioni the day the Csmpbells left Xjondon, I ( saw her no more. (To be continued.} 