,SHENFIEELDCOUIB.,R0BBEBY. CnhArER I. -_When are.yongoing .toreturn.-I.ady. ,niece Amy one lovely morning in August. "!' It is quito a fortniht since she called.' v, 'In a day or so,' I 'replied, knowing the S.duty: must be, performed, : particularly as ;"iady:Dasent had, since she called, sent us 'an invitation to a ball which was to take place at Enfield Court: In myiinmoat heart SIahould have been pleased had LadyDasent's visit oever been paid. We dreaded any interruption, to the even tenor of our quiet existence. "'But Amy was eighteen, and just at the age to appreciate a little gaiety. sn' I felt tjt my duty to: set my own feelings aside and allow her to enjoy the present to the utmost. .:.:,We lived just on the outskirts of:one of the principal southern provincial towns, in a -little paradise which some one had aptly designated the " Wren's Nest." I thought 'it perfect, and would not have exchanged its l'peaefial beauty' for Enfield itself, which was considered one of the finest places in the country... :"Owig to Lord Dasen'st,,vry,idelicate \- health the family had been, abseht for some Syears, :but directly, they returned Lady "Dasent'had called on us. The Conrt'was r barely a mile: distant' by road, and we'were vireally their nearest neighbon.' It behoved me, therefore, for Amy s sake, to maile'th'o effort and return the'visit. ' .. :"What do you 'think' of 'orr going to' Enfield this ,afternon, "Amy . I said, pre .waenty. SI think it would be delightful,'she re - :.plied. -" Shall we walk or drive?" :': rt " Drive, decidedly," I rejoined. The day was lovely, and I inwardly hoped that Lady Dasent might be enjoying its beanties her self, ,and that we might thus continue ourr drire, 'having done our duty by leaving cards only. But my hopes weredisappointed. Lady Dasent was at home, and we were ushered with due ceremony into: her beauti ful drawing.room, where we found her most graciously inclined towards us both. - Her daughters were playing lawn.tennis, she told us. Would eo! like to join them on the terrace? Very gladly would'I. have "'declined, but' a glance toward Amy decided ' ine.oheriwie.'.Very prohaby my dtmniintito groom?n and" ponies would be entertained ' hospitabily during our detention, and I could fancy, after the splendors of Enfield, that Joseph would returnliome signally dissatis fied with the humble waye,at the Wrezi's Nest. . , Accompanying Lady Dasent, we' found bourselves in the midst of quite alarge party ".of young people, some playing tennis, but :: the greater numbermerely looking on.."Amy was swept from my side immediately but . my anxious, eyes followed'lher, 'and with i pleasfre I observed the cordialitywith'vhich S'the Misses Daselt welcomed:h'er .' : By and by I saw. her. standiing under a lime tree at some little distaince from where I. was' seated. " She 'wi'd direiied' in white, .I and as she stood in the' half-shade, half.sunn sahine," there wasa ,a look :of ethereal belhty about her. S: :How very pretty, your'niece is', Miss Courtney,"' Lady Dasont observed, ' !' Yes; I think she is rather pretty," I v" ? lle d . . '. S ome one else thought so: too:. Jout as Lady Dasent spoke I saw a gentleman intro. ?doced td'tAmy, and whild we remained he determinedly- maintained a cloae, roximity to her side.. He w?a eyoung godlooking. , and evidently bent. upon making himself \- very agreeable to my.niece : . : ' ? ,Htherto Amy had lived a life of complete ',retirement.: I had gurded her with a jpal ons care from all tontact iwith :any oiitward influences that might prejudice the'future of mydarling:. She had been coasigied to my care by her mother on her death bed, when an infant of a'few months old; iind I accepted the charge, vowig"to' be faithful to the utmost of my ability;:." :'. ...'' • :;'1,I had loved hr' mother ;'but I hid'madred her father my yosnrt brother--- whb.had :gone out toIndia with'the f 'iit proepets, and cnie home, after'ieing tIirs for only a few years, todie., Out ofa argefamily, I was theonly one.left.who could possibly have.uandertaken,: the . absolute charge' of ..:Amyx. - . .. a; And here was I, withnmyyouth far behind me, an unloved old!maid, until'theihliild came to me and iti'the clasp of her little Schubbyrains I seemed: to grow youngagain ,i.m lf.', My siorro? became dim in the die. tanc?as; my' ch?rge, grew,. every daiy; and houri adding' to my. devotion, to her-, and, thank God I toher love and affection for me. We were not rich. but we had enough; and I was enabled to have.a governess for Amy, s o that'no' even'for' p' rt 'of"h'e` education :had she'toleave me.' Sometinies rwished she "had soim'compaiiponaspf her own'age,'bi?t Swhen'I'mentioned it'she 'always rejected the ,ida of, anch a necessity. She was perfectly hapjpy. What more did I want? Nothing, except to insure her continuing to be happy \- all thedays ofher life. SLady fDasent'e 'desire to cultivate our ac. quaintanes:presented at least one' advantage for Amy : the Misses Dasent were about her 'own ageiand, judging by outward appear. 'e -'n,ee, lady-like girls, who slemed aol . idiisto ie' friendly with her. Still, Imhrank ,;from giving encouragement to the intimacy betwien them, for, though Amy's birth.was that of a lady, still the MisesDDasent were u' undeniably above her in rank; and- perhaps from man old-fashioned idea on my part'of '-possible patronage-I rather threw obstacles m the way of anyasudden friendship between :Jthem. " But I am anticipating, and must'revert to the introduction I had witnessed in the di.s-' tance between Amy and Alfred Mauleverer, which was the name of the individual I be ,fore alluded to. I did not make his acquaint. ance that afternoon; that was an honor reserved for the following day, when he, accompanied by two of the Misases Dauent, scame over to the Wren's Nest to invite Amy, and myself to a small afternoon party. ' It was the beginning of many visits both : on' their part and our own; in fact, hardly a day passed without our seeing at least Mr. . Manleverer, who invariably found some pre. .text for coming over to us, if we were not ., able to be at Enfield. And then came thie -.ball at:Enfield-Amy's first, destined to'be the most eventful one, and to which she went : arrayed in simple white. :- Iwas not altogether comfortable on the score.of. her growing intimacy, with Mr. ' Manleverer. Perhaps he was trifling with . her; perhaps he was not in every way dosir able' himnelf. A thousand disturbing pos ,sibilitiea kept shooting through my old heart, as I ast watching my darling at her first ball, Slooking radiantly pretty, while Mr. Maule . verer redoubled his devotion, and immolated himself so thoroughly at her shrine as to :i isston takin me in to supper--a piece of Scivility which I duly appreciated. .. Never before had I seen the Dasc?nts' cele. brated gold plate, which was on this occasion 'fullydisplayed. It was magni6ficent. Such , tankards and salvers of solid gold, to say ,nothing of plates, spoons and fomes, all ap :parently of the precious metal. Our on Sveroation naturally turned spon this display; 'and just as we were admiring it, Florence SDaent happened to joinus. · ..Miss Conirtenay has been admiring te 'plate," remarked Mr. Mauleverer. '?.Yes; isn't it beautiful!" she replied. '"But, really, I think pretty china would lie ."almost nicer. I believe papa would prefer 'it; but we can't get rid of ourplate, sumply because it is entailed ; so ar mamma's diamonds." "?'p? Lady Dasent was wearing her diamonds that evening. From my quiet corner in the bhall-room I had specially noticed the neck laee~'whicl was rather. a tight 'circlot round her throat, set in squares of a formal, but of course magnificent, description. \-- A few.trifling remarks followedj.and then lrr: 3faileveor Fondhctioilf o back to my seat, in the vicinity ofi,which we found Amy, to whom' Mr. Manleverer was engaged for, the niext dance. . I must say they looked a charming couple. as they moved'iaway. I.euppose my eyes were expressivoe-of my thoughts, for :Lady Dasent's, voice close beside me seemed to echo them. S"They moake"a good pair, don't they)" she said. "Ahl' h s Conrtenay," she con tinued, "1 am afniid ydu.inust not expect to keep your niece; always; some one is sure to carry lier off soon. ' 1 am in no hurry for that time to come," .I,replied., "' But, Lady Dasent, do yon mind telling me one thing: Who is Mr. hManlo. " Who'is'Mr. Manlverer!" repeated Lady Dahent, *ith' a' shade ,of sarcasm in her voicl. "' _ell, iiy dear. Miss Courteny, I believe he is of very good family, very well off, and.,Llnowlse is very charming, and moves in,the very beat society.' You, may be quite sure, had he not been very desirable in every, way,, he would not have been our guest." '., v- : -Some one, els just then claimed Lady Dasent's attention, and she moved off, leav ing me to digest it my leisure the satisfactory remnirks she liad made relative to Amy's ad 'miVie'r Ver hoOd family-very well off very charmiing, and ao forth. I was gliad to hear it, and could scarcely avoid a feeling of exultation when,.on our return home, Amy told me that he had asked her to be his wife, and she had accepted him. STired as I was after my unwonted dissipa. tion, sleep seemed to have forsaken me; 'Amy's engagement was all I could think of Until dayight began to struggle into exist. ence; then'I suppose I fell asleep, and might have slept for hours had not my old house. maid, DMargaret,,burstinto my room without any ceremony, and awakened me with the startling tidings that Enfield had been on fire, and that the gold plate, also nearly all Lady Dasent's diamonds, had been stolen I It seemed altogether too dreadful to be true, but very shortly afterwards Mr. Manule verer himself appeared, and fully confirmed the tidings. He had distinguished himself greatly by his bravery in endeavoring to extinguish the flames, and in doing so he burned his right hand rather severely. "I thought you might hearan exaggerated account of it, so I came over at once," he ob served, with a glance towards Amy. "Who discovered it?" I asked. "What can have originated the fire, and, above all, who can have taken the plate 1" "And the diamonds ". kdded Amy. "That remains to be seen," replied Mr. Maulevercr. "On my way here I tele graphed to Scotland Yard, and no doubt a sharp detective will unravel the mystery." Partly in order to make it more convenient for guests at a distance, partly because Lord Danent himself objeeted? to late hours, the ball had begun at the unfashionably early hour of nine o'clock'; by half-past two it was over, and by three o'clockcomparative silence had reigned over Enfield. The butler had judged it safe-never dreaming of danger to lock up the supper room, the shutters of all the windows being strongly barred as well.. With an easy mind, and the key in his coat pocket, that functionary retired to bed, while the rest of the servants gladly followed his examp,le. Neither bolts nor bars, however, defended the diamonds. Lady Dasent replaced them with her own hands in their cases, which, without any anxiety whatever, she laid upon her toilet table. To-morrow they would, as usual, be deposited in the safe, where they were ordinarily kept. She had dismissed her maid directly she came to her room; one of the daughters unclasped the circlet from her throat, and shortly afterward-as it came out in evidence-Miss Dasent left her mother's room, crossed the corridor, and was just about to enter her own room, when, in the darkness, someone brushed past her. The circumstance did not alarm her; it was no doubt one of the servants, so she thought no more of it. Lady Dasent's dressing-room adjoined her bedroom, and her account of the affair was that, a few minutes after she had got into bed, she distinctly heard the handle of her dressing-room door turn, and she fancied she heard a very quiet step in the dressing room, which, in a sleepy way, she thought was her maid. Lord Dasent heard nothing-had nothing to tell: he wished he had-if anyone had brushed past him in the corridor, or he had heard steps in the dressing-room, there would have been neither robbery nor fire. As it was, the stealthy steps must have approached the dressing-table, and with a deliberation almost incredible, someone must have opened the cases and abstracted the contents. The circlet, the bracelet, and a pair of magnia cent earrings-all were gone. The gold plate had also been cleverly arried off, only a few minor articles having been spared. At first all the energies of the household were directed to subduing the fire. It evi dently had its origin near the supper room, which chanced to be directly below Lady Dasent's roams. Atall events, it was owicg to her befiig awakened by a strong smell of fire that the alarm was given in time to save not only the house but some of the inmates, who might otherwise have.perished in the flames. And from thisafate at appeared Mr. Mauleverer had a narrow escape. He had behaved "aplendidly,!'o-the.Dasents said, and as my nephew-elect I was proud to hear Upoi''Turti'er'investigatios, it was found that; while lhe'robbery at Enfi eld Court had been most carefully planned' and premedi tated, the fire had evidently been an acciden-. tal part of the thieves' progra mme, as a hastily done up bundle, containing some valuable articles, was discovered just outside the supper room window, as if dropped in a hasty exit. Happily, the fire hadbeen sub dued in time to save the greater portion of the house, but the damage done, to saynoth uing of the immense loss caused by the robbery, was very considerable. In due time two detectives came down from London, and the excitement continued unabated in the neighborhood while they remained, but nothing transpired. They maintained an amount of stolid reticence which to the curious was most provoking, and finally they departed, without having, apparently, done anything toward solving the mystery, far less securing the thieves. Gradually things seemed to settle down, and the obbery at Enfield was replaced in Iny mind by my entire abeorptio n in Amy's engagement, to which I had given a qualified consent, on 'the condition that Mr. Maul everer's family were satisfied with the con nection, anti that pecuniary matters were properly adjusted. Now that he had actually declared himself, I felt 'emboldened to ask questions and ascertain e' erything I possibly could as to the antecedeits of the man who was to be my darling's husband. He was well connectm 1. His mother was dead, hut his father wa a alive and lived in great seclusion at his o wn property, which was situated in Yorkahi:e. He was reputed to be rich, but on thie point I could gain no definite ilnormation. Still remembering Lady Daseut'si" very well off," I was not much troubledon the so reoof money matters. I had felt it incumbent on me to invite him "to spend a fewdas? with es before he left fo` Yorkshire, and it'seemed natural that he should cometo-us, I told him frankly that Amy had very little money of her own \--something less than two thousand pounds; but at my death I intended to leave her everythingA; which .:I- felt " sure.- he 'would approvo of..beng tied up and strietlyeettled uipoin herself. : : .. . Ithought his expression changed a little "wliI mIientioned' this;anddstill moreo o when I casually asked him, in a friendly way, if he always meant to be an idle man, for.ho had left the army, it appeared, and I was anxious, for Amy's sake, to see synmptome of his wishing to get an appointment or occupa. tion of some kind. Meanwhile, Amy seemed satisfied, but my doubts-born of extreme.affection for her began to arise and refused to be silenced. " SIr. Mauleverer had written to his father announcing, his engagement,, but as. yet neither line nor message from the old gentle. man had reached us. It was not treating Amy properly, and though Amy's entreaties to: me to be patient and oft.repeated assur ances that Alfred said eoverything would be all right,. silenced me for a time, I was fully resolved to see matters either ended.or placed on a satisfactory footing before much longer, time olaped.. ...... In the meantime Mr. Mauleverer received one morning a telegram, which, he informed us, contained the news of the illness of an old friend of his in London. He must start is-. mediately if he wished to see him alive., If I tdid not .mind he would,.leavo. his heavy. luggage +behind him andtonly take a;small portmanteau. Unless something very special happened to detaih him, he would be with us in a couple of days. His adiens were hurried,. but impressive. He seemed really sorry to leave Amy, who was, however, .enabled to bid him a cheerful good-bye on the strength of his speedy return. SOnthe morning of the second day afterhe had taken his departure, Amy was evidently expecting :a letter from: him-not unreason ably, I thought, as it was natural she should wish to hear that he had reached his destina tion safely.. She was rather restless and fidgety. Perhaps that was the cause of my own almost nervous feelings as post-time approached. I could settle down to nothing. " Amy, darling," I said, presently, "sup. pose you take' the garden scissors and snip these geraniums for me; they want it very badly. So Amy stepped out on to the little lawn with its still brightly.filled parterres, and I watched her from the drawing-room window with feelings of mingled love, anxiety and apprehension, for do what I might I could not get over the sense of some impending calamity-something sorrowful for her. Soon afterwards she joined me, radiant with her letter, the first she had ever received from him; a very ardent, gentlemanly epistle, I was obliged to own; satisfactory, too, as it contained the information that he had heard from his father, who, on certain conditions, which he saw his way to comply with, had promised to consent to the marriage. A letter for me from old Mr. Mauleverer had been enclosed in his letter to his son; but the latter preferred delivering it to me person ally, consequently I would not receive it until his return to us. Amy had an engagement that afternoon to visit the Dasents, who were now installed in a small house they had at some distance from the Court, while the latter was being repaired. She was to drive over, taking our small groom with her, and I was not to expect her back until after nine o'clock at the earliest; so I was to spend a solitary evening. After she left me I wrote a few letters; then I tried to read, but my attention wandered. A slight drowsiness came over me, and I suppose I fell asleep. All at once I woke up with a consciousness of someorne standing just out side the closed window, gazing into the room, and I discerned distinctly the features of a man's face pressed closely against the window-pane. I was not generally nervous, but I confess a thrill of fear shot through moe then, and for a moment I was almost too terrified to stir. The next instant I got up, and simultaneously with my doing so the face vanished. But the eyes I had so clearly seen might be watching me still. I control. led all outward symptoms of alarm or con sciousness of what I had seen, and after a few minutes-to me each seemed an hour-I moved toward the door, and summoned one of the servants. I mentioned the circum stance to her, and enjoined extra care that night as to our bolts and bars. Though we had neither gold plate nor diamsonds to attract thieves, still there was enough silver to satisfy moderate cupidity, and it was wonderful how such facts got abroad. After the Enfield Court robbery one could not be too careful. Very soon Margaret, my servant, had secured all the shutters, drawn the curtains, and I sat down to my solitary tea, wishing most fervently that Amy was safely within doors again. A sudden storm had come on; the wind had risen to a hurricane, and bade fair to continue during the night. About eight o'clock a message arrived for me from Lady Dasent, telling me that as the storm was so severe they had ventured to detain Amy for the night; in the morning she would be with me early. I was both glad and sorry-glad that Amy would not run the risk of encountering any lurking individuals in the darkness; that she was safely at Enfield; but sorry for my own sake, I felt so solitary, and, truth to tell, so strangely nervous. The evening wore on slowly, and as ten o'clock strock.I went to my room. It was directly over the drawing-room. Next to mine was Amy's; and on the other side of the landing was the spare room, which had so recently been occupied by Alfred Maul. everr.- Above slept the servants. I heard them go up to bed, and while I could hear them moving about overhead I was tolerably comfortable; but soon stillness reigned over the Wren's Nest. Mydomestics were asleep. The best thing I could do was to follow their example, which after a time I suppose I did, for I was awakened by a noise-a distant sbund from the hall. bolow. I scarcely 'ibeathed: I could hear my heart beating as I lay with strained ears, and recalling with horrified terror the face I had seen at the window. I need hardly say that I was thoronughly awake. Every nerve was strung to such a pitch of tension that if a pin had been drop. ped I feel sure I should have heard it. It came again-the sound from below-dull, this time, but distinct: and presently I heard stealthy footsteps coming rapidly and quietly up stairs- evidently shoeless feet, but none the less audible to my ears. Never since I had lived at the Wren's Nest had I locked my bedroom door; I had a dread of doing it, and despite my nervousness on this occasion, I had not departed from my rule. It was too late to attempt to accomplish it now. Besides, looking back, I think a sort of temporary paralysis had come over me. I heard a hand laid upon the handle; it was turned cautiously, and the next moment, from my curtained bed, I distinguished a man bearing some sort of small lamp-his face concealed by a mask-enter. It was a matter of lifo or death to moe to remain quist Through my mind flashed a resolve to deliver up everything I was pos sessed of-family plate, my mother's ame thysts, all my small valualles, to this ruflian in exchange for my life, should he demand them. But no such intention appeared to be his. lie approached the bed, raised his lamrp, flashed it for a second on my closed eyes, and then withdrew it, apparently satisfied that I slept. It must have been a cursory glance, for I could not have sustained the deception for more than a moment. HIe gave a kecn look around the room. Only the lower part of his face was covered, so I could see hia eyes, small, ack, and percing, with some thing familiar to me in them, even then. My watch-a legacy from my mother-lay on the toilet-tablo, but he overlooked it. Evi dently mine was not the room he meant to rifle.' ,Almost noiseleasly he vanished out of. it, and I heard himproceed into Amy's room next?,-thank God,'it was empty--then ihnd the spare room, whero he remained. '-All at onice it flashed across me that'by a' little courage I might save everything and secure the thief. In former days, my,sparo room had boen a nursery, and the windows were barred, so as,to make all exit from them impossible. ,If I could slip out of bcd,,get across the passage, in one second I could lock. the door, and, secure from any attack, raise an alarm. *,The agony of fear I was in was sich that I felt equal to an effort. Withoti'losing a moment, I glided out of bed; a.moment's pause, acquainted meo with the fact that the miscreant was busy ;- hoard him .thrqwging out things all over the floor. Ho was search ing Mr.. Maulevorer's portmanteaus ; they were quite at the far end of the bedroom, so .I calculated that I could safely close and lock ,tho,.oor beforehocould possiblyprovent me. Like a ghost I moved out of my room on my perilous ,errand. Through.a chink of the halfopen door I:beheld the man kneeling in front.of the larger-portmantdau, rifling it with a,rapidity and intentness #hich secured my being for, the present undiscovered..I had intended to seize the door .the instant I reached it, but something made me pause in the, darkness and peer with terrified.eyes into the :bedroom. He had hie back to me, and I.could see the quick movements of his arms as one thing after another was hurriedly thrown upon the floor. I. magine my feelings as I stood within a few.paces.of him, to see him with the utmost celernty.tear open the lining of the portman. teau and draw from .it.a glittering mass of diamonds, which I instantly recognised as LadyDasent's famous circlet, the one she had worn.on the night of the eventful ball, and which,' with the other things, had so mysteriously disappeared ! :• Hforror,-anguish and fear well nigh caused moetofall to the ground. ,I made an invol. untary movement ; I thought I was fainting,. and the noise reached him. Looking up, our: eyes met. 'With the.strength born of -des. peration, I seized the handle of the door, and in a moment the key was safely turned in the lock. Happily for the lives of myself and my servants, the door was an old-fashioned one, of a particularly strong description, and hav. ing a strong outer moulding, at was almost a phyical impossibility to break it open from theinside of the room. The exigency of the situation sustained me for the moment, and enabled me to rouse my three servants, who must at first have thought I had gone tem porarily out of my mind when I tried to make them comprehend our position. It. was two o'clock in the morning, still blowing a gale, and dark as Erebus. But assistance must be got. The man within our spare room might have accomplices without; our danger might but be beginning. Wahad an alarm bell-that must be rung, Four trembling women.~ve proceeded in a group to the outer back court, where the bell hung, only to find the rope severed. I had snatched up a cloak and arrayed myself in my slippers and a skirt. The servants were as little dressed as 'myself. But it was no time to hesitate- immediate action must be taken. We must rouse the gardener, who lived a considerable way from the house. Through the dark, dripping shrubberies we flew, at every step expecting to be dragged back by some lurker; but no one stopped us. In safety we reached the cottage; and in a few minutes Arkwright, my gardener and general factotum, was in our midst. His cottage was within'a short distance of several others, and, though he wished to go straight to the house, fearing lest the man should have escaped or been liberated by accomplices, I would not hear of it. I insisted upon his getting a couple of men to accom pany him, a precaution for which I saw Arkwright's nice little wife was gratefuL This caused some delay, but it had not enabled my captive to escape. The hall door was found opei, and everything.just as we had left it, the spare room door still closed. By my orders, it was not to be unlocked until the police arrived. Several volunteers had hastened to summon them, and while we were awaiting their arrival I had time to think a little of the horror of the position. How had Lady Dasent's diamond necklace found its way into Alfred Mauleverer's port manteau! Could he be some awful imposter, and some villain in the guise of a gentleman, whom I had harbored in my house, and to whon I had meditated giving my niece The shock woull almost kill Amty. Even I felt as if I should never get over it. Who was the man ? A dreadful tightness came over my heart when this question preo. sented itself-a suspicion too horrible. It made the suspense almost too terrible. I heard the policemen arrive, and while they were ascending the stairs to the spare bed room I felt almost choked with anpprehen sion for what I should next hear. The door was unlocked, and there was the thief. lio made no resistance-the game was up. Thanks to " the old woman," as I heard him style me, he had missed the best chance of clearing a fortune he had ever had. Who was he? Where had I seen him? The mystery was poon explained. He was the Dasents' maguificent head butler--one of a gang, as it was afterwards discovered-and who had, with the connivance of his com rades, carried off the plate, but hoped to secure for his own private benefit the famous diamonds. The fire had so far upset their plans that he had found himself left in pos session of the diamonds when his services came to be required in aiding to extinguish the fire. In place of flight, therefore, as he had at first intended, the wary butler judged it best to let his confederates make off wzth the plate, while he remained with the dia monds in his possessien, ne of the most active in subdning the lames, and suggesting the most feasible scheimes for discoverag the thieves. When the detectives camine dowin to Enield it became imperative upon him to hit upon some safe place for the'diamonds. MIr. Maul everer was blessed with an over- abundant wardrobe, and during his visit to Enfield this butler had chosen to considler him under his particular care, laying out his clothes, ar rongin, and settling things generally for him. rhe islea of temporarily depositing the precious gems within the lining of one of that gentleman's portmanteaus struck him as a brilliant one. His intention, of course, was to withdraw them directly MIr. Mlaul everer's departure was about to take place, and hce would, of course, have the best oppor tuuity of doing so while packing his clothes; but this plan by a mere chance miscarried, and he had the mortifeation of seeing the portmanteau leaveEnfield with the diamonds still safely secreted within it. MIr. Manleverer's temporary absence from our house afforded too good au opportunity to be missed; hence the visit to the Wren's Nest, which very nearly terminated my existence, for the shock and exposure com bined brought on an illness from which, for a long time, it was not expected I should rey ?xrvas my tender nurse all through it, anti it was from her lips I heard all the par ticulars of the robbery, in tie sequel to which I had been called on to play so prominent a part. Happily for both our sakes, she never knew of the terrible suspicious I had for a brief time entertained regarding Mr. Mauleverer. That gentleman made his appearance in due time at the Wren's Nest, bearing his father's letter, which informed me not only of his willingness to welcome Amy as his daughter, 'but' to- ettle'an incomeo upon the 3youta5 couple of the most satisfactory description. Shortly afterwards the butler was placed upon his trial, and I was called on, despite my weakened condition, to give evidence against.him-. .his,.however, 1.waa.happily. snared, as the prisoner, acting on the advice of his .couneol, psl xlV gu11rty?; Inde'e, I was dolubly relieved, as Mauleverer'e charace terwas thus vindicated.:As thewretched prisoner, was being removed,, ho avyoed ' would " pay Miss Court6nay,,? iit' agai when his term of imprisonment.,xpirqd.". However, ten years' penal sesiudpay bring about a change in hii intentibon Lady Dasent amused me.very hiuch,be ythe comforting view she tok o thei matter. 'l not trouble your..headl, ,nydear Miiss Court csay, about anythingt hewrietch iiiayliad said"; 'lj he, course of aturq ypou .will be beyond is reach lon h fore~tb'n. "Quit'ttre,. 'Ire p iced with. a'snile'it all ovents, I pm glad,?pce li? d' long' e to be the means of 'rcovering yourdia monds."-Chambers 'ournal.. . .. i. 