GENERAL NEWS. Moruya short of water. Splendid rains in Ittverina. Money plentiful in England. Bombala suffers from too much doctor, Bombala bridge wants ' tightening up.' Bombala going for a Progress Committee. iq iiaa n — week. Inquest on Dr. Erith : verdict accidental death. Envy, hatred and malice in the stringy bark shed. Mr. Bailey, late of Temora, starts the Gun daifui Citizens' hall to the Mayor of Sydney a grand success. Half Bega at Tathra last Saturday, ' Bega M being the attraction. Princess of Wales and Czarina of Russia will visit Denmark shortly. Seven ocean-going steamers in the arrivals one day in Sydney last week. Delegate wants & paper, and suggests the Weekly Telvfiniph as the sign. A tender has been accepted for supply of a steam tug for Wollongong harbor. ArtielfiR for Calcuttn. Exhibition to be de livered in Sydney before 1st September. Ball to bo held nt Caihcarion 2itli instant. Proceeds to aid Catholic church fund. In consequence of continued dry weather in Bombala, ploughing match postponed until ; 28th instant. The Rev. Mr. Gibson, of the Wcsleyan I Church, Dimedin, has applied to enter the I Episcopalian Church. ' Propo ed to let a terrible disease loose among the rabbits finds favor. Perhaps ii may recoil on the bipods. Gardiner again, this time not as a bush ranger, but as W.C.T. of a Good Templars Lodge on the Pacific slope. A chemist's assistant, at Goulburn, netted £450 by drawing Claudius in the Melbourne Amateur Turf Club meeting. Dr. R. Ij. Jenkins, of Ncpean Towers, died in Brisbane 3ns week, and his body was brought to Sydney for interment. Cetewavo's 44 ghost lively. Tie has beaten Usibepu in a severe battle, and although wounded, is recoverng. Progress Committee star ed at Xyngan. Mr. Cass, the member for tho Bogan, was present, aud had a great reception. Pathan steamer in trouble all round. Those informers wero 41 Jonahs ' that should have been cast adrift in the Bay of Biscay. Steamer Cattertum, hound to Hong Kong, ran on a reef ofTWat«onfs Bay. and sustained such damage that she has to discharge and go into dock. Mr. Cambridge, late superintendent of roads at Wilcannia, has been committed for trial on a second charge of embezzlement of Govern ment money. Bombnla School of Arts afloat, with a fair wind. The debt has been reduced to £300, and it is to be hoped next year the indebted ness will be wiped out. Sir. (t. W. Allen has resigned his seat for the Glebe. The late. Speaker has never felt 'at home' in the House since the wig aud its emoluments went to Mr. Barton. News of a distressing accident has been re ceived as having occurred at a mine in Corn wall. A cage containing 42 men was ascend ing the shaft when the rope broke, and the cage fell to the bottom. All in the ease were killed. M Freethought ' conference has been sitting'in Melbourne. The 44 freethougliters ' object to being refused the use iof the ex hibition building, which was granted for the essentially mundane purposes of dog and poultry shows. John H. Stevens, clerk to Watkin and Wat kin. land auctioneers, was committed for trial on Wednesday last on a charge of embezzle- I tnent. Accused had been two years in their employ, during which time it was alleged that prisoner had embezzled hundreds of pounds. Repeated shocks of earthquake still con tinue on the island, especially nt St. Mary's, on the east coast, 135 miles north-east of this city, and 80 miles east of Launceston. Some days recently two or three severe shocks were experienced ; on Sunday there was another, accompanied by a deep rumbling noise louder than on any previous occasion. It is reported that the relations between Italy and Morocco, which have been much strained, have culminated in open rupture. Signor Scovasso, the Italian Minister at Tangicrs, acting under instructions from his Government, lias hauled down his flag. It is expected that hostilities will commence at an early date. Redmond Brothers the most mis-reported men in the colonies. We are always hearing from England of the reports (hey send home, and they always deny sending any report. Now comes a telegram of another report in which it is stated Copeland had to leave the Ministry because of his sympathy with the Redmonds, and not because he got tight aud% made a fool of himself. Notwithstanding the steps taken by the Spanish Government to suppress the insur rectionary movement in the provinces, a very lawless state of affairs . prevails. Yesterday a train travelling in the vicinity of Barcelona was stopped by a large body of armed men, who siezed the passengers and plundered tho train of even-thing of value. The robbers suc ceeded in making good their escape. 