NOBLESSE OR, OBLIGE; THE GHOSTS OF CUPIDSWOOD. " Come like shadows, so depart." THE Master of Cupidswood was not happy. Honoured by his Gracious Sovereign with a baronetcy, possessed of wealth beyond the dreams of avarice, he was the envied of all j yet in his breast there gnawed the canker-worm of discontent. "Ah," sighed the Master of Cupidswood, as he gazed out of his study window across the broad acres which owned him lord, ' I am wealthy and titled. I have ' honour, love, obedience, troops of friends, but there is a something wanting about these ancestral halls. I have fitted them up regardless of expense, but the furniture is incomplete without a ghost. Ancestral halls without a ghost are but a one-horse show after all. I must have one, and so place myself upon a footing with the haunted families of haughty England. Yes, if it costs me all I'm worth a real ghost shall walk the ancestral halls of bonny Cupidswood." Once the titled Master of Cupidswood had resolved upon possessing anything, he lost no time in obtaining it, for he had the vast wealth which made desire and possession synonymous. Hastily thrusting his baronetted cap upon his head, and placing a sandwich and a flaskin his pocket, he hired a special train to take him to Melbourne. He then engaged two waggonettes to drive him to the telegraph office, whence he despatched the following cablegram to an eminent firm of art-furnishers in London : "Send at once, prepaid, an assortment of Ghosts upon approval. Let them be the best that money can procure—early-English preferred—and suitable to a baronet of large income. After selection, will return others not approved. State prices and whether any reduction if a quantity be taken.—CUPIDSWOOD." After six weary weeks of waiting, the consignment of ghosts arrived. There was a little dispute about passing them at the'Customs, as there the officials claimed duty upon them as raw spirits. This difficulty arranged, the ghosts were taken up to Cupidswood, and the Master was at last happy in pleasant anticipation. Alone in his study, the Baronet with feverish haBte took out the various ghosts, and following the printed instructions sent with them, he contrived to put them together. Then he wound them up and placed lights in their insides as directed, and having chained them up in a corner he proceeded to scrutinise them with the eye of a connoisseur in spirits. As catalogued, the ghosts assorted were as follows :— 1\. Ghost of deceased maiden relative (mild spirits—30 underproof). Victim of unrequited love, and of pathetic turn of mind. Walks lightly and sighs loud enough to frighten timid servants. 2\. Ghost of murdered previous proprietor. Gash across the breast —moans dismally and fixes its eyes fiercely upon people, A really effective and choice spirit with a good bouquet of sulphur. 3\. Ghost of Ancestor who committed suicide in consequence of discovering that his wife was unfaithful, ancestor having previously cut the throats of his wife and her lover. Clad in tin armour very cheap—brass or nickel extra. This is a very popular ghost, and is of very ancient pedigree. 4 and 5. Wife and lover referred to. The set of three makes a very choice suite for a haunted room. Bloodstains for the floor, warranted not to wash out, given gratis if the set of three be taken. No. 5, quite recherche as a skeleton with an arrow through his heart, 6\. The ghost of the Lunatic of the Family. Venerable spirit with grand beard. Confidently recommended as a superb thing in ghosts, Walks about with a heavy tread, glares, gibbers, groans, howls, and is fitted with a patent double-action chain which clanks at every step, The ne plus ultra of ghosts. Furnished with this superfine article is the legend suitable for it, commencing " Many years ago when the broad lands of [please fill in blank] were given by William the Conqueror to our ancestor Sir [Here supply your name, but spell it wrong so as to make it Early English] there lived at the castle," &c.;, &c.; The master of Cupidswood gazed at his importation of ghosts with a somewhat misgiving eye. Where ghosts were concerned he was apt to be particular to a shade. "Still," said the Master of Cupidswood, "I must give them a trial. I don't suppose that the great ancestral families of England got suited with their ghosts all at once." He commenced by letting his ghosts off the chain one at a time. The female ghost of the aesthetic turn of mind was the first to be trotted out, but she turned out a dead failure. She was a quiet ghost that didn't seek publicity, but used to retire into quiet corners where nobody could see her. It was true that she sighed well, but no one seemed to mind the sighs much, save my lady, who said to the Master— " William, the way that the breeze whistles through the keyholes is simply disgraceful. You must have them seen to to-morrow or 1 declare I shall have everyone of them plugged up." The Master of Cupidswood condemned the maiden relative ghost there and then. It wouldn't do at all. Upon each succeeding evening he let one of the ghosts off the chain, and things began to get lively in the ancestral halls of the Master of Cupidswood, After dark strange footsteps and stranger groans were heard in the corridor, and the clanking of chains was plainly heard resounding through the ancestral oleograph gallery of Cupidswood. Soon it was known all over the town of Bunsury that Cupidswood was haunted. All the servants gave notice, and the new ones that came only remained a few days before they followed suit and gave notice also. No one dared to venture out after dark, and the boys of Bunsury robbed the orchards of Cupidswood with impunity. Worse than all, when any of the servants happened to see or hear any of the ghosts, there was such a terror-stricken stampede, that furniture was knocked down and smashed, or the sculptured effigies of the ancestors of the Master of Cupidswood were tumbled over so violently that they got heads put on them or noses taken taken off them, and generally became so disfigured that their own ancestresses wouldn't have known them. When my lady talked—seriously talked of going to reside permanently in town, the Master confessed that the ghost investment was a failure for the present. "I see how it is," he said, sadly, "these are English ghosts and not suited to this climate. What I require iB a strong oblique ironframed ghost, warranted to work properly in any climate. I'm afraid that I shall have to take another trip home and get measured for a ghost the same as I did for the baronetcy. That's the only way I shall get a ghost to fit me properly. These imported ghosts are not up to much—I think I would as soon have colonial spirits and Warrenheip spectres." . , The assorted ghosts are to be sent back to London as unsuitable, and the Master of Cupidswood is again a prey to the discontent that haunts a ghostless baronet. The wretched man is obliged to enjoy the substance, because he has failed to grasp the proper shadow. The Miserable Master of Cupidswood. Some of the assorted ghosts, 