.THE BREAD WINNERS. . Chapter VH.— Ghostly Counsel. — (Con. . tinoed.) . . , \- As Bott came towards Maud, Sam rose and odd : N " Whbw ! be smells litre a damp match. Til go out and smoke a minute, and como back." Bott dropped into the seat wuicn bleeny bad left, To one who has never attended one of tbese queer cenacula, it would be hard to com prehend the unhealthy and even nauseous character of the feeling and the conversation there prevalent. The usual decent restraints upon Bocial intercourse seem removed. Sub jects which the common consent of civilised creatures has banished from mixed society are freely opened and discussed. To people like the ordinary run of the believers in spirit ism, the opera, the ballet and the annual Zola are: unknown, and they must take their ex citements where they can find them. The dim light, the unhealthy commerce of fictitious ghosts, the unreality of act and sentiment, tho unwonted abandon, form an atmosphere in which these secondhand mystics float away into a sphere where the morals and the man ners are altogether different from those of their working days. Miss M&tchin; bad not ueually joined in these morbid discussions. She was of too healthy sn organisation to bo tempted by so rank a mental feast as that, and she had a sort of fierce maidenhood about her which revolted at inch exposures of her own thought. But to-night ahe was sorely perplexed. She had been tormented by many fancies as she looked out of her window into the deepening shadows that covered the lake. The wonder3 she had teen in that room, though she did not receive them with entire faith, had somewhat shaken her nerves ; and now the aecr sat beside her, his pale eyes shining with his own audacity, his lank hair dripping with sweat, his hands uneasily rubbing together, his whole attitude exprossve of perfect subjection to her will. " Why, isn't this a good chance ?" she thought. " He is certainly a smart man. Horrid as he looks, he knows lotB. May be he could tell me how to find out." She. began iu her airiest manner : 11 Oh, Mr. Bott, what a wonderful gift you have got 1 How you must look down on us poor mortals 1" Bott grew spotted, and stammered : " Far from it, Miss Alatchin. X couldn't look down. on you." _ "Oh, you're flattering. That's not right, because X believe every word you say — and that ainttrue." She rushed desperately on in the same light tone. " I'm going . to ask you something very particular. - I don't know who can tell me, if you can't. How can a young lady find out Whether a young gentleman"'! in love with her or not ? Now, tell me the truth this time," she said, with a nervous titter, " for it's very important," This question from any one else would . not have. disconcerted Bott in the least. Queries as absurd had frequently been put to him in perfect good faith, and answered with ready and impudent ignorance. But at those rattlr ing- words of Maud Matcliin, ho turned livid and , purple, and his breath came heavily, Thete 'was room for but one thought in that narrow 'heart and brain. He had long cher ished a rather cowardly fondness for Maud; an<l now that this question was put to him by the agitated girl, his vanity would not suffer him to imagine that anyone but himself was the subject of her dreaniB. There was to him nothing especially out of tho way in this sort of 'indirect proposal on the part of a young woman, < It was entirely in keeping with 'the general tone of sentiment among the people" of his circle, which aimed at nothing less than the emancipation of the world from its old- fashioned decencies. Bnt he would not answer hastily ; he had a coward's caution. Ho looked a moment at the girl's brilliant color, Iter quick, high breathing, her eager eyes, with a gloating sense of his good luck. But he wanted her thoroughly committed. So lie said, with an air . iu which there was already eomethlng offensively protecting : " Well, bliss Matcliin, that depends on the speer. If the affection be unilateral, it is one thing ; if it be reoippercal, it is another,. - The currents of soul works in different ways." 1 " But what I mean is, if a young lady likes a yonng gentleman pretty welh hov/: is abe going to find out for sure whether he likos her?' She went intrepidly tlirough these words, though her chocks wore burning, and her eyes would fall in spite of her, and her head was singing. There was no longer any doubt in Bott's mind. He was filled with an insolent triumph, and thought only of delaying as long as pos sible the love chase of which he imagined himself - the cfcject. He . said, slowly and severely : "The, question ie too imperious to be an- worcd in haste. I will put myself in the hands of the sperruts, and answer it as they choose after the intermission." He rose and bowed, and went to speak a Word or two to LIb other visitors, Sam came back and took his seat by Maud, and aid : "I think the fun is about over. Less go home." " Go home yourself, if you want to," was tho petulant reply. " I am going to stay for the inspirational discourse." " Oh, iny 1" said Sam. " That's a beautiful word. You don't know how pretty your mouth looks whon you say that." Sam had had his beer, and was brave and good- natured. Bott retired once more behind the railing, but took bis seat in a chair outside tho onr- tain, in full view, of the audience. He sat for some minutes motionless, staring at vacancy. He then slowly closed his oye9, and a con vulsive shudder ran through Ills framo. 'This was repeated at rapid intervals, with more or lesB violence. , He next passed his hands alter nately over his forehead, as if ho were wiping it, and throwing some invisible, stioky sub stance, with a vicious snap, to right and left. At last, after a final shudder, which stiffened him into the image of death for a moment, he rose to liis feet, and, leaning on the railing, began to intone, in a dismal whine, a speech of which we need give only tho opening words : — " Dear brothers and sisters of the earth- life ! — On pearly wings of gossamer down we float down from our shining speers to bring you messages of the higher life. Let your earth-soul be lifted to moet our sperrut-soul j let your earth- heart blend in sweet accordion with our heaven -lieojt ; that the beautiful and the truo in, this weary earth-life may re ceive the bammy influence of the Edeu flow- rets, and rise, through speers of disclosure, to the plane where all is beautiful and all is true." _ , He continued in this strain for some time, to the evident edification of his nudienco, who listened with the sarao conventional tol erance, the same trust that it is doing your neighbor good, with which the ordinary audi ence sits under au ordinary sermon. Maud, having a spocial reason for being alert, list ened with a real interest. But during his speech proper he made no' allusion to tho subject on which she had asked for light. It was after ho had finished hie harangue, and had gone through an entr'acte of sighs nud shudders, that he announced himself once more in the hands of the higher intelligences, and ready to answer questions. " It docs not need," he whined, "the word of the mouth or the speech of the tongue to tell the sperruts what your souls desire, The burden of _ your soul is open to thesperrut-eye. There Bits in this room n pure and lovely soul iu quest of liglH. Its query is, How docs heart meet heart in mutual knowledge ? Maud's cheek grew pale and then red, and lier heart heat violently. But no one noticed her, and the seer went on, " If a true heart longs for another, there is no rest but in knowledge, there is .no knowledge but in trewth, there is no trewth but in trust. Oh, my brother, if you love a female, tell your love. Oh, my sister, if you love — hum— if you love— hum— an individual of the 'oppo site sex — oh, tell your love ! Down with the shams of a false hearted society ; down with the chainB of silence that crushes your soul to the dust! If the object of your hearts' throb3 is noble, he will respond. Love claims love. Lovo has a right to love. If he is base, no to a worthier one. But from your brave and fiery heart a light will kindle his, nnd dual' flames will wrap two chosen natures in bigh-menial melodies, when once tho revela tion word'is'spoke." With these words he subsided into a deep trance, which lasted till the faithful grow tired of waiting and shuffled slowly out of tlio door. When the last guest had gone he rose from his chair, with no pretense of spiritual dignity, and counted his money and liiB tickets. He stretched himself In two ohairs, drew his fingers admiringly through his lank locks, while a fatuous grin of perfect content spread over his face, as lie said aloud to himself, "She has got it bad. I wonder whether alio will lisve the nerve to ask roe. I'll wait awhile, anyhow. I'll lose nothing by waiting." Meanwhile, Maud was walking rapidly home with Sam,- Sho was excited and per plexed, and did not care to answer Sam's rather heavy pleasantries over the evening's performance. He ridiculed the spirit-lights, ' the voices, and the jugglery, without provoking a reply," and at last he said : "Well, what do you think of his advising the girls to pop ? This nint leap year !" "What of that!" she answered, hastily. " I don't see why a girl hasn't as good a right to speak her roina as a man." " Why, Mottle," said Sam, with alow sur prise, "no decent, girl wonld do that." They had come to Matchin's gate. She slipped in, then turned and said : " Well, don't be frightened, .Mr. Sleeny ; I'm not going to propose to yon," and she was gone from his sight. She went directly to her room, and walked up and down a few moments without taking off lier hat, moving with the easy grace and the suppressed passion of an imprisoned pan ther. Then sho lighted lier lamp and placed it ou her bureau at one Bide of her glass. She searched in her closet and found a candle, which she lighted and placed on the other side of the glass. She undressed with reckless haste, throwing lier clothes about on the floor, and sat down beforo lier mirror with bare arms and shoulders, nnd nervously looBenedlier hair, watching every movemcut with blazing eyts. The thick masses of hor blue-black curia fell down her back and over her sloping shoulders, which glowed with the creamy light of old ivory. 'The unequal rays of the lamp and candle made singular effects of shadow on the handsome face, the float ing hair, and the strong nnd wholesome color of her ueck and arms. She gazed at herself with eager eyes and parted lips, in an anxiety too great to be assuaged by her girlish pride In her own beauty. " This is all very well," she said, "but ho will not see me this way. Oh 1 if I only dared to speak first. I wonder if it would be as the spirits said. ' If he is noble, he will respond !' He is noble, that's sure. 'Love claims love,' they said. But I don't know ae I love him. X would, if that would fetch him, quick enough and tho hot blood came surging up, covering neck and brow with crimson. Chapter VIII. — A Bud and a BlossoiL Farnham was sitting the next evening in his library, when Budsey entered nnd said Mr. Ferguson desired to see him. The gaunt Scotchman came in and said with feverish haste " The cerius grandiflorus will bo goin' to bloom the night. The buds are tremblin' and laborin' now." Farnham put on his hat and went to the conservatory, which was sep arated from the house by the eutire extent of tho garden. Arriving there, the gardener took liiin hurriedly to an inner room, dimly lighted, — a small square piece between the ferns and the grapes — where the regal flower had a wall to itself. Two or three garden ehairswere disposed about the room. Ferguson mounted on one of them, and turned up the gas bo that its full light shone upon the plant. The hud was a very lnrge one, perfect aud symmetrical ; the Btrong sheath, of a ricli and even brown, as yet showed only a few fissures of its surface, but even now a faint odor stole from the travailing sphere, as from a cracked box of alabaster filled with perfume. The face of the canny Fergus was lighted up with an eager joy. He had watched the growth and progress of this plant from its in fancy. He had leaned above its cradle and taken pride in its Bize aud beauty. Ho had trained it over the wall — from which he had banished every rival — in large and graceful curves, reaching from the door of the fernery to tho door of the grapery, till it looked, iu the usual half light of the dim chamber, like a well regulated serpentmaturing its designs upon the neighboring paradise ; and now the timo was come when lie was to see the fruit of bis patience and his care. "Heaven be thanklt," he murmured .de voutly, "that I was to tile fore when it come." " I thank 'you, Fergus, Tor calling me," said Farnham, smiling. " I know it must have cost you an effort to divide such a sight with anyone." . " It's your siller bought it," the Scotchman nnswerod sturdily; "but there's nobody knows it, or cares for it, as I do,— and that'H the truth." JHis glanee wasfixed upon the bud, which 'seemed' to throb and stir as he spoke. The soft explosive force within was at work so strongly that the eye could watoh its opera tion. The fissures of the sheath widened visihly and turned white as the two men looked at tliem. " It is a shame to watch this beautiful thing happening for only uh," Farnham said to the gurdener. "Go aud tell Mrs. Belding, with my compliments, aud ask her and Miss Beld- ing to come down." But observing his crest fallen expression, he took compassion on him, and said : " No, you had bettor remain, for fear something should happen in your ab sence. I will go for tho Indies." " I hnpe yo'll not mis3 it," said Fergus, hut his eyes and his heart wore fixed upou the bud, which was slowly gaping apart, showing a faint tinge of gold in its heart. Farnhum walked rapidly up the garden, and found tho Beldings at the door, starting for evening service with their prayerbooks iu their hands. " Do you wish to see tho prettiest thing you ever saw in your lives ? Of course, I ex cept your mirrors when in action," he be gan, without salutation. "If so, come this moment to my conservatory. My night- blooming cereus has her coming-out party to night." They both exclnimed with delight, and were walking with hitn toward tho garden. Sud denly Mrs. Belding stopped and said : " Alice, run end get your sketchbook and pencil. It will be lovely to draw the flower." "Why, mamma? We shall not have time for a sketch." " There, there 1 do as I tell you, and do not waste time in disputing," Tile young girl hesitated a moment, and, then, with instinctive obedience, went off to fetch her drawing materials, while her mother said to Farnham : " Madame do Vcaudry says Alice is very clever with her pencil ; but she is so modest I shall have to be severe with her to make her do anything, She takes after me. I was very clever in my lessonB, but never would admit it," Alice come down the steps. Farnham, see ing her encumbered by her books, took them from hor, and they went down tho walks to tho conservatory. They found Ferguson sit ting, with tho same rapt observation, beforo liia tropical darling. As the ladies entered, lie rose to give them seats, and thou retired to the most distant corner of the room, where he spent tho rest of the evening, entirely un-- aworo of any one's presence, and given up to the delight uf his eyes. Tho bud was so far oper.id that the creamy white of the petals could ho seen within tho riven sheath, who3e strong dark color exquinitively relieved the pal lid beauty it had guarded so long. 'The silky stamens were still curled about the _ central style, but the splendor of color which was coming was already suggested, and a breath of intoxicating fragrance stole from the heart . of the immaculate flower. They spoke to each other in low tones, as if impressed with a sort of nwe at tho beautiful , and mysterious development of fragrant and lovely "life going forward under their sight The dark eyes of Alice Belding were full of that vivid happiness which strange and charming things bring to intelligent girlhood. She was looking with all her soul, and her breath was quick and high, and her eoft red lips were parted nnd tremulous. Farnham looked from her to the flower and back again, gazing on both with equal safety, for the one was as unconscious of liis admiring glauces as the other. ... Suddenly the sound of bells floated in from the neighboring street, and both of the ladies started' "No, don't you go," said Mrs. Beld ing to her daughter. " I must, because I have to see my Rescue the Perishing ; but you can just as well stay here and make your Bkctch. Mr. Farnham can take care of you, and I will bo back in an hour." " But, mamma !" cried Miss Alice, too much scandalised to speak another word. " I won't have you lose this chance," her mother continued. " I am sure Mr. Farnham will not object to taking care of you a little while ; and if lie hasu't the time, Fergus will bring you home — lim, Fergus 5" " Ay, madam, with right guid will," tho gardener said, his hard face Boltening into A Biuile. . "There, sit down in that chair and begin your sketch. It is lovely just as it is." She waited until Alice, whose confusion had turned lier face crimson, had taken her Bent, opened her sketchbook, and taken her pencil in her trembling hands, and then the brisk and hearty woman drew her shawl about her and bustled to tho door. " I will walk to tho church door with you, ' said Farnham, to the infinite relief of Alice, who regained her composure at the instant, and began with.interest to sketch the flower. She thought, while her busy fingers were ut work, that she hsd perhaps been too prudish in- objecting to her mother's plan. lie evi dently thinks nothing of it, and why should X?" By the timo Farnham retnrnod, the cereus had attained its full gloryiof bloom. Its vast petals were thrown back to their fullest cx- ' tent, and shone with a luminous beauty in which its very perfume eoemcd visiblo"; tho countless recurved stamens shot foflh with thu vigorous impulse and vitality of nun rays ; from the glowing centre to the dark fringe with which the shattered Rhcath still aoccuted its radiant outlino .it blazed forth, fully re- ' vealed ; and its sweet ' breath seemed the voice of a prido and consciousness cl beauty like tliatof the goddess on Mount Ida, calmly triumphant in tho certainty of perfect loveli ness. Alice had grown interested in her task, and looked up for only an instant with her frank, clear eyes as Farnnam entered. " Now, where shall I sit?" he asked. "Here, behind your right elbow, where I can look over your shoulder and observe the work as it goes ou." "By no means. My hand would lose all its little canning in that case." " Then I will sit in-front of you and study the artistic emotions in your face." " That would be still worse, for you would hide my subject. . I atn sure you are very woll as you are," Bhe added, as he .seated himself, iu n chair beside her, a little way off. "Yes, tlmt is very woll. I have the flower three-quarters aud you in profile. I will study the one for a pauel and the other for a medal." Miss Alice laughed gently. Sho laughed often from sheer good humor, answering the intention of what was said to her better than by words, " Can you sketch and talk too 5" asked Farnham. " I can eketch and listen," sho said, "You will talk and keep me amused." "Amusement with malice aforethought ! Tho order affects my spirit like a Dead, March. How do the young men amuse young ladies . nowadays ? Do. they begin by saying, ' Have you been very gay lately ? " Again Miss Alice luuglied. " She is an easy-laughing girl," thought Farnham. " I like easy- laughing girls. When she laughs, she always blushes a very little. It is worth while talking nonsense to see a girl laugh so pleasantly and blush Be prettily." It is not worth while, however, to repeat all the nonsense Farnham uttered in tho next hour. He got very much interested ia it him self, and was so eager sometimes to be amus ing that he grew earnest, and the gentle laugh would cease and the pretty lips would come gravely together. Whenever he buw this, lie would fall buck upon his trifling again. He had the soldier's fault of point-blank oompli- ment, but with it an open sincority of manner which relieved his flattery of any offensive- ness. He had practised it in several capitals with some success, A dozen times this even ing, a neat compliment caine to his lips and stopped there. He could hardly understand his own reserve before this laughing young lady. Why should ho not say something pretty about lior hair and eyes, about her graceful attitude, about the nimble play of her white fingers over the paper? He had utterod frank flatteries to peeresses without rebuke. But lie held his hand beforo this sciiool girl, with tbo open dark-brown eyes and a clnb of yellow hair at the back of her neck. He could not help feeling that, if be talked to her with any forcing of the personal accent, she would stop laughing nnd tho clear eyes would be troubled. He desired anything rather than that, and so the conversation went rattling on as free from personalities us the talk of two light-hearted and clever school boys. At one momont he was describing a bill of' fare in a Colorado hotel, " With nice bread, though, ono can always get on," she said. "True," Farnham answered; "but this bread was of a ghostly pallor aud flatness, as if it hud been baked by moonlight on a grave stone." ".The Indian women cook well, do they not?" she aBked. "Some are not so bad as others. One youug chief boasted to me of his wife's culi nary accomplishments. He had been bragging all the morning about his own exploits, of the meu he had killed and the horses he had stolen, and then to establish his standing clearly in my mind, he added : ' My squaw same white squaw — aavey pie." " live u there, then, the. trail of the pie crust is oyer them all." " No, only over the aristocracy." " I should like so much to see that wonder ful country." "It is worth sseing," he said with a curious sinking of the heart, " if you are not under orders." He could not help thinking what a pleasant thing a journey through that Brobdiugnaggian fairy-land would be with company like the youug girl beforo him. Nature would be twice as lovely reflected from thoso brown eyes. 'The absurdities and annoyances of travel would be made delightful by that frank, clear laugh. The "thought of his poor Nellie flitted by him for an instant, too gentle and feeble for reproach. Another stronger thought had oc- cupied his mind, - " You ought to see it. Your mamma will need rest before long from lier Rescne-thc- Perisliings, and (you are over working yourself dreadfully over that sketch book. There is a touOh of malaria' about tho fountain iu Bluff Park. "Colorado will do you both no end of good. I feel as if I needed it myself. I haven't energy enough to read Mr. Martin's Lift of the Prince Consort, I shall speak to Mrs. Beldiug as soon as she returns." Do, by all means, I should like to go, but'mamma would not spend three nights in a sleeping ciir to see the Deleotable Mountains themselves." Ho rose and .walked about the room, look ing at the flower and yonng urtist from different points of view, and Being new beauties iu each continually. There were loug lapses of conversation, in which Alice worked assiduously and Farnham lounged about tho conservatory, always returning with a quick word and a keen look at the face of the girl. At last he said to himself, " Look here 1 She is not a baby. She is nearly 20 years old. I have been wondering why lier face was so Bteady and wise." The thought that she was not a' child filled his heart with pleasure nud his face with light. But his volubility seemed to die suddenly away. Ho sat for a good while in silonco, and started a little as she looked up and said : " Now, if you will be very gentle, you can Bee my sketch and tell me what to do next." It was a pretty aud unpretentious picture tliat she had made. The flower was faithfully though stiffly given, and nothing especially remarkable had been attempted or achieved. Faruhain looked at the ' sketch with eyes in which there was no criticism. Ho gave Alice a word or two of heartier praise for her work than she knew she deserved. It was rather more than alio expected, and she was3 not altogether pleased to be so highly commended, though she could hardly have said why. ' Perhaps it was because it made her think less of his critical faculty. This was not agreeable, for her admiration of him from her childhood had been one of tho greatest pleasures of her life. She had regarded him as children regard a brilliant and handsome voung uncle. She did uot expect from him either gallantry or equality of treatment. " There.! Do not say much about it — you will make me ashamed of it. "What does it lack ?" "Nothing, except something on the right to balance the other side. You might sketch in roughly a half-opened flowor on the vine about there," indicating the place. She took her pencils and began obediently to do what he had suggested. He leaned over her shoiilder, so near her she could feel his breath on the light curls that played about her ear. She wished he would move. She grew nervous, and at last said : " I am tired. You put in that flower." He took the book aud pencils from her, as she rose from her chair and gave him her place, and with a few strong and rapid strokes tiiiislied the Bketch. " After all," she said to herself, with hearty appreciation, " men do have the advantage'of girls.' He bothered lue dreadfully, and I did not bother him in the least. Aud yet I stood as near to him as lie did to me." Mrs. Belding came in a moment later. She was in high spirits. They bad had a good meeting — had converted a Jew, she thought. She aiimired the sketch very much ; hoped Alice had been no trouble to Farnham. He walked home with the ladies, nud afterwards smoked a cigai with great deliberation under the liines. ... Mfs.Beldlng asked Alicehow they had got on, " He did not eat you, you see. You must get out of your ideas of men, especially men of Arthur Farnham's age. He never thinks of you. ne is old enough to he your father- Alice kissed her mother and went to her own room, calculating ou the way tho dif ference between her nge and Captain. Fara- ham'a.f — The Centum. \- To BE Continued." 