Tales and SKetclies. THE GHOST IN THE GREEN ko.om:: ■ •v -The PiiOMtTKa'a Stobv. , -v *,By Eodbut Ekbcb. ; (From,..V Stories in tiio Grcch RooII).,,),; a hit of it!' Baid Parkloirforo.onrl ■ heavy lead.' '.Why, I've known a story, my- I self, quite jequal to yours; which, I don't .deny is, perhaps, saying a good deal.' I 1 Possibly !' sneered Mr. Doyigno. /There I are plenty of ridiculous theatrical .legends,) which piss muster for facts ; but very few men can adduce so well-substantiated a ghost story | as that which 1 have just related.' ' J * My .^acquaintance with tho aristocracy is necessarily s.ight and circumscribed,' remarked. Mrs. turnley Brown (our leading lady, with a tongue of her own, by-the by); ' but, I think X have met somewhere with a romance—was it not in the memoirs of tho late lamented Baron Munchausen?-—which, in many points, offers Bcraothing of. a parallel to Mr.' Bovigno's excel lent tule.' ' Thcrewero several' sniggers,' scarcely sup pressed at this speech; and really Mrs. Brown's rudeness was not inexcusable; for Mr. Dovigno's ghost story, given with chapter and verse, and. horrible plausibility, was too outrageous to be patiently listened to Mr. Devigne was a new lecruitin our company, which consisted of well fried and seasoned sctors and actresses, and ; didn't altogether relish the affectatit.ns an 1 monstrous'conceit of this youngest member, 1 .whoBe qualification for our profession seemed to be wardrobe and clcek. IV» been in my pro fession a gooduh few years, and I own to my objections .to the -e broadcloth and ahiHfront amateurs, who,, so far us I seo and read, know more about every other art in the world than that which. they honour by pursuing. - Why, only the other day, I overheard a real criticism on one of these sweet young gentlemen's per formances.. 'Splendid, wasn't it? Grand I the finest Mildmay I ever saw; did you notice his trousers 1' - .• .Well, all this meau3 that we weren't, any of us, sorry to find young Devigne tackled by IParklemore and Mrs. Lumloy Brown ; and to put that young gentleman down was the dear .wish of my heart. When Parkbmore spoke of • a ghost rtory to 1 cap' Perigee's ho looked lia* d at me, and winked his O. P. eye trs-mendouaV, •udi wjshis power of faciil expression, without disturbing the prompt-sido lid. The fact is, I eon spin as tough a yam as most people when I've the chance and am in . the humour, and Parklemore's wink did the trick with mo. * It's mighty funny,' retorted, Devigne, ' no doubt 1 and what is your astounding story, Mr. Parklemore?' . - * * It's not my story,' said our leading heavy, with a etrofg sense of justice; ' it's Flag man's!' This was putting it on to me with a vengeanco ; but I looked becomingly grave, and remarked—'lam sorry, Mr. Parklemore, that you should have referred to what cannot but bs the occasim for disturbing sad reminis cences, which should otherwiso have remained in the slumberous caverns of a sensitive soul ' There was quite a buzz of applause at this sentimenf, which was, indeed. almost a verbatim quotation from a play exproesly written for the la'e lamoatod Mrs. Thdibse do Tattersham, by a gifted M.P., who was too early lest to the i e^is ature and his country *y abrupt inter f rence on the part of his artful family, aided and abetted by the commissioners in lunacy. ' Bother the caverns of thirg-um-bobsaid Mr.. Devigne, with that want of real feeling for tho sublime which is tho besetting sin of his class ' What's the story about ?' 4 It's about a deceased frieud.of mine, whose terrible u re-appearance after his late fatal in dispie-ition'' overclouded a portion of my chequered lifel' I responded; beiDg, as t e astute reader of theso pages has already gu- S3rd, iho Mr.'Flsgman iu question, ar d prompter to our compaiy. I think my poetical *orks rather knocked young Devigne over, for ho only said 'Oh!* But, how Parklemore did wink t My eye!—I should say, his. 'Some years sintv,' I resumed, copying as far a) lay in my power tho gifted tones of the,lata baritone aclor, Scruffuin; not in Westiniaiter Abbey, by tho way, b .t my good friend for all that, and possessing a capacity for ke/piug up his voico in Macbeth, and similar parts, which I have never heard equalled iu ilicse1 piping tinva of pieces'—' some . years eir.ee, when 1 was with old Grimston's company, and pretty well used to all Hoes of business; throwing tin real legitimate, i.e., tho promptiag pa t, in, of count; I caino across, while wo. were traveling, one of tho strangest characters which ( he pr-aent company always excepted) [ever uieoun'erod. Whore Bunea^ri came £ om, what he had beon, or what he was likely to h?, wqre ordinary and not unnatural ques tions amongst us from the first tragedy down wards. It was roiorvcd for mo, havicg always a heart ready to respend to tho outcry of suffering or oppressed humanity (from " Ursula tho Uudons,'1 & acts), to dive into Baucdari's sreret In our company he was stricUy a nobody. lie was "oast" for dead s.ldiers, ♦pi'echlesi guests,even "outsido shouts,-" but never for a " speaking parr," though such was his lowott ambition. Personally, l amab vo this; I hsvo spoken some of tho finest lines ia tho whole repertory of the drama!—for others! ' It's no joko, though, if you'ro ambitious, to be kept under; smouldoring. so to stoak. dm't suit would-be inflammatory "stars;" and Bancalari drooped, visibly drooped. To me alone (lid that broken oreaturo confide his woes. Ho folt within him (it was about all ho did fool, fur he spurnod food, as it wore)* a " divine hiatus," a craving to excel in tho -what I may call—sepulohral ports in Shakespeare's plays. ; But it was not to be.The iron heel of tyranny was crushed upon his browj,(I quote from " DuUcho the ; Dauntless.") The man .1 Bank;; when our company left Xerobury, Ban-1 calm declined to follow our fortunes. 'Wei haven't made 'em yet, by the way. He re imiincd. .'But why ? A chance openedf ar him, that's : why 1 ;. A. weak-minded manager liad taken-the T.B., Tembury, for Bin months cer tain!; Horo was Bancalari residuum of a b'.ocV company!of renown. Distinctly, his chance. We were glad to hear of this, and wo went our ways to dho north, and Bancalari stopped in Tembury.'.Btoj-ped altogether. . It seems that the poor chap had made up his mind to com) out strong and for that purpose had stu-ied every principal part in the Shakesperian and Icgilimste drama Judge of my, everybody's, horror, to road in the Banff sllire Banner tire ghastly tidings that Bancalari bad hung himself (from a .batten) two days after the new company had arrived at Tembury. Never mind about tho details; tho facts were, professionally, these; Bancalari had gained the lofty summit of his ambition. Ignorant of his speechless position in our company, the mana ger of the " Meteoric Mummers " had cast him for no less a character than Gull dm stern in " llam'et;" and Bancalari felt his importance to the quick. Unhappily, a bid-sticker (whom weakness in "posting" programmes upridc duwn mighthnve led him to more charitable and generous acts to another less publiel> culpable) 1-1 out on Banenlari's real professional status, and the part was taken from him ; officially, tho character assigned to him was one or the bearers of Ophelia's remains. The generally grave atmosphere of Hamlet was too much for this bursting soulj and throwing up the part nature had written for him, lie left the theatre and th- world for ever. Poor Bancalari! 1 -orno two Tiara afterwards, I, with very different troupe, was back in Tembury for a fortnight's engagement Terms wcro go id, and both Screwer and M'Bfowler were with us, so that; business was pretty snre. Odd to say, bath lew comedy and high tragedy stars ob jected to tho engagement the Tery first mghk and there was » regular shindy in the manager's room after, tho performance. I he cause soon eked out. Ic appeared that when fcrewer, inado up for tho farco, went into the Green Boom, and. as he was accustomed to do, begin to " mug " in the cheval-glass, a gloomy, pale faocd, sccdy-loGkiog personage suddenly showed himself behicd the distinguished comedian, and with an eiprersion of contempt beyond even theatrical hitherto eiperienoo, ob,'OfTO!3|'' Boi loif! not a bit Jike! could do better- myself!' and incontinently left the apartment. . ■ _ dcrewer never played so badly m his life, and never swore so succs-sfully; but M'How ler's time bad to come. White he was gestien fating before the glass, the apparition returned. "Very bad!" said the ghost. "Shockingly bad. Bow, wow I not a Bit like it! not a little bit! You play Hamlet! Go home!" and once more tho figure vanished. There was " fits for the manager next day, for it turned out tha every one of tho visitiDg company who had gone into tbe Green Room had been similarly insulted. •Of course, it all camo to my ears, and some how every one soon knew of this outrage, and a watch was set; but tho next night the some trouble oesued. The " starring " lady was sent into hvstrrics by what folks began to call " the Ghost in the Green Room," oud really things wore getting quite unpleasant, when it occurred to me to go and look the casa up myself. I transferred the book to the under c.rpenter, who knew the " pulls," if nothing elor, and betook lnyse'f to the little green room. It was empty, f -r everybody was on in the last not of the droraa and 1 stared about- Suddenly I heard a sigh, and looking to ihe door, 1 taw Baoealavi standing just inside the room, where his figure was riHerded in the big glass. "James 1" I cried, "James Banc—' 1 ojuida't, Eat, another word out. I waa downright petri fied. ■ ' ■ I '"Ye9, Flagman," .said Baacalans ghost, in tonos which our gteatest living tragedian caunot hope to rival. " Yos, Iaoi, or was, [ Bamalari!" •I trembled like an aspen, but remembered Hamlet. . - • ' ' Why do you trouble us J • What do you WA't?"- -• - ■- — ■"•X war.t a'part,'" said the Ghost.I think ! can play one now" I ; - - Now, Jame*?." I faltered '■•-Sow ? Why, Guilden—" .- airs '."Away with your GuiHenstorns I I play , he Ghost in Hamlet to-morrow night, or fare well to t'.-o foitunes of this theatre. Here I suffered, here I diod Here, too, I will revive -the Sbakesporian drama 1 Which is it to be ?" and the spcelro frowned remorseless. The tomb had produced in Bancalari that haughty indifference to everybody's feelings or conve nience which raa-ks, and will over mark, the successfu' aetor when living > '" James," I said, " we were _eror on good terms whilst wo were in that little compiuy, and it-would go to my heart to dony you a trifle auoh as you demand; but how is it to bo done ? I confess you are better qnalified for the part you h&vo; as judiciou-ly selected than any one I could name. But how is to be done?" , ' At tbia momont tho ca 1-boy entered tho room, and before ft word_ could pass between any of us, tho apparition liad dis appeared. I seemed to hear, however, a sort of sad whispering Bound in the air like the word "Remember]" and I shuddered Next day I made a singulir effort to accom pli-h my poor oil friend'B wi-h I got up a little quarrel between our two hading men on llio subject of tragedy acting, nod the inevitable result was that the managor was obliged to put up "Hamlot." Tho rehearsals were brief, for we wcro all well up in the legitimate; but, odd to sav, at the last " call," our gentleman (old man) who played tho Ghost of Hamlet'e father was. taken suddenly ill. This, I noed not toll you, was by private arrangement with me. The manager was furious, so was the Hamlet. -. What was to be done? Would they leave it to me to find a substitute ?: Could it be managed? I an swered for it, it could. My friend, I told them, of the name of James Banks would es*ay that part. ^ " Will ho look it ?" was the not unnatural question of the management. "Ho will," said 1, Bhivering, " remarkable." 'I wont into town; my epirits were low; I entered a retired hotel (whore there was a bar), and while supporting worried, nature against what was to iwppen that night, who should com? in but Mr. Scrowger, tbe dra matic critic of tho Tembury Times. The idea occurred to me that that gentleman should bo present, and placo on record his opinions of tho new " appearance.1* After the second glass he yielded to my request, and would take the trouble to be at the theatre, though he confessed to me that oar leading gentleman's Hamlet injured his health severely, as much on its own account ns because of the necessity for stimulants which it occasioned. 1 Nevertheless, he would come. 'Ho did the evening, and M'Howler was in a pretty way with me. There had been no Bigns of hnjbody to play the Ghost, and I was regular'y denounced by the lot. "Mark ray words," I arid, stubbornly. " Ho'Ii be on the * spot for his cue." ' The curtain rose, and Franchco, Bernardo, Marcellus, and Horatio, were leading up to the entrance of the late King, when I noticed a blue light in the first wing, and there, looking as no ghost ever looked before, stood James BaucaUri! The next moment hewasonthe stage *. * * * .* * * . 'To tell you how that play of "Hamlet" vent that nigbt is beyond m». The alarm of Hamlet at sight of his father's spirit was aboutv the best •' thing M'Howlsr ever did. and tbe Queen's fainting fit in Act lii, scene iv, waa very like real. I went hastily to the Green Ho >m. James Banclari was there, lurid, but self satisfied. " There will 1 e a notice of this per formance to morrow," he said smiling; " 1-t what is said of me be written on my tomb, and I sba'l Tdtt in peace." I agreed gladly, for 1 was* cold all down my spine, I tell you. "Thecompany all met next morning on the B'.a^e to discuss the new addition to tbe ranks. The Tembury "* imes w as broueht in. M'Howler seized it, and read aloud, as follows:— * '"There wa« little to call for attention or notice last evrning, at our pretty little Temple of the Drama, seeing that the well-worn tragedy of Hamlet, with Mr. M'Howler in the part of the melancholy Prince, occupied the boards, and with the merits of loth our readers are familiar. Tho company sustained their respec tive roles with much effect. We must, how ever, take exception to the performer who att-mpted to play tbe Ghost. Neither by physique nor any other qualification was he fitted for the character—in fact, he was not in the least our notion of a Ghost, and we must chronicle what wo believe to be a first appear ance, as a complete failure" ' There was a dismal wail in the air close to my car*, and a sort of rushing sound, and then silence fell upon us. 1 •' Poor fellow I" was oar one remark., ' This was the first and last appf aranoe of James BancilarL 1B is ghost u as never seen again' a . * • • . * * » 'And yon mean to tell me,1 said Devigue, 'that a real spirit played in a realtheatre? 1 hen I don't bejitkte to say that the . whole st-.ry is a cracker " from end to end." ' I said I knew a story which could cap your*/ said Parklemore, grinning. 