AT PADDINGTON. BT PEUTETBB. [No mistake—'Tyburnia—At Paddington— ypho sat down—The Ritualist colic, and bow Dr. Tate onred it—Why Dr. Moonhones was ashamed—His Protestant Church the only Protestant Church tha t disgraces itself with a creed—What is there in. the Athnasian creed for Christians to be ashamed of ?] NOT at all, O esteemed reader; not at all. There is no mistake in the oase. Dr Moorhouse spoke the speech at hia Anglioan synod on Wednesday evening, September 26, ult. There is no mistake whatever about it. The newspapers' record his lordship's words, and nothing on earth oould induoe a Melbourne newspaper to swerve from the truth. Even when they assassinate Mr. Parnell, or lay the Pope at the point of death, it is only to prove that their power is equal to their veracity, and they restore both the assassinated and the siok man to life and health by cablegram on the following day. Mistake is, therefore, out of the question. Dr. Moorhouse said it in his General Assembly, and, from the animated manner in which he uttered the speech, very pleased indeed was his lordship in getting the chanoe to say it when and where he did. He wound up an afternoon session by informing his clergy that, when he was a London incumbent;, some 10 or 12 years ago, he was ashamed to face his congregation when conducting their devotions on Easter, Whit, and Trinity Sundays when they came to reoite the creed "commonly oailed the Creed of St. Athanasius." The church whioh wae the scene of his lordship's confusion was in Paddington. Perhaps you know Paddington, 0 esteemed: London, N.W. Supposing you lived in Brompton, and wished to hear Dr. Moorhouse preach, you would take a cab or 'bus to Hyde Park corner, and getting out there, you might go in at the gate next the Duke of Wellington's, Apsley House, and walk up the Park by the Achilles Statue to the Reservoir, and on to the Marble Arch, where you would cross over to tbe Edgeware Road, and then take a 'bus near to the Great Western Station, and any policeman would direct you where to go. If you lived down City Boad way, you might take a 'bus at The Angel up to the Yorkshire Stingo, and cross the road into TYBUBKIA, so called from Tyburn (Tythe Barn), that spot so deeply saturated with the blood of Catholic martyrs under Elizabethan, Cromwellian, and Carolina sway and soeptrea. Paddington was all in green fields in those days; but London has expanded into more than Babylonish dimensions since then, and the hedges and trees have vanished before the advance of bricks and mortar. Fifty years since Paddington was still a sort of proletariat No-man's-land, with half-built "Bows" and half.finished " Places" standing scraggily along the vaguely laid out line of abutive streets, cut deeply into in the oentre by cart wheels into furrows of unknown depth, brimful of a superior mud on whioh, in the drizzly, foggy, winter's evenings, a few forlorn oil lamps, scattered at distant intervals, shed a dim, but by no means religious light. But Paddington was born lucky, and knew how to keep its luck when it got it. BBUNEL. arose, and Brnnel oame and saw and conquered. Paddington is the starting point of the Great Western Railway from London to Bristol, and that railway made Paddington's future. Tybnrnia fifty years ago was a- grub ; now it is a gorgeous, golden-winged, scarlet,-robed butterfly, fluttering in the radiant sunshine of three-quarter bred aristocratic prosperity. Paddington has made its pile, and now lives sumptuously. The coBtermonger donkey-cart has resigned Tyburnia to the " carriage people." Greengrocery has fled before tbe granite mansions of the nobiles novi, and the one story" Rows" 'have perished under the lordly grandeur of palatial Terraces. Hence, Dr. Moorhouse's church was thronged with " able lawyers, scholars, and statesmen." Let us suppose it to be Trinity Sunday. Dr.' Moorhouse is to preach: But Morning Prayer must come first, and, being Trinity Sunday, the Apostles creed is put aside, and the creed commonly called.St. Athanasius muBt be said or sung, as we ring the Nicene creed. Dr. Moorhouse and his Paddington congregation, being better " Catholics" than tbe Catholics themselves, say or sing THBEB CBHBDS, the Apostles, the. Athanasian, and the Nicene, mutilating the latter a little. In the solemn office , of the Catholio Church only the creed of Kioea is said or sung. . The psalms and lessons being read, then cornea the creed, and the rubric is stringent. The Athanasian creed most. be said; and then comps Dr. Moorhouse's crux. Soaroely has he. repeated the Quiccnque Volt sentenoe, when, from his reading-desk, he sees his able layers and scholars and statesmen with ostentations and contemptuous disregard of their Church's rubric sitting down. Both piety and politeness would bid them stand. Bat no; they sit Ao^m. Why do they sit _ down P Dr. 2£oorhonse -does not plainly say. He only tells us that he was, ashamed to face those able lawyers, eoholars, and statesmen- among his hearers, whosat down when the order, of divine service in theirPrayer Booksrequiredthem to atyurd. . But-wa .gather from the oontext of aynodioal £cooMding» qu- th* 30 th *4t> that neither Dr. M. nor his able lawyer and statesman flook liked tbe language of the Athanasian creed. In the Catholio Church, as you know, 0 esteemed reader, no one is required to subaoribe to what is oailed the Creed of St. Athanasius. It is never said or sung in the publio worship of the holy Catholic Churoh. It ie not taught to our children in onr Sunday schools. We lay no superstitious stress upon it like AuglicahB seem to do. We know that St. Athanasius did not speak English, nor was the creed originally written in English. We know abo that it is said or sung only by Anglioan Protestants of the English National Church and its offshoots. All other Protestaats have cast it out as an unintelligible farrago, half false and half foolish. All English Protestants, except of the Churoh of England, soornfully repudiate, and even execrate, all creeds along with the Athanasian. And now Dr. Moorhouse says that a majority of Anglicans in England have ceased to pay even conventional respeot to the Athanasian creed, and are demanding its immediate erasure from the liturgy. In America, where the Church of England forms of publio worship are widely adopted, the Athanasian creed has long been expunged from the American Episcopal Book of Prayer, and the forms altered in many other respects from the English model. Rubrics and whole services have been scratched out of the Anglican Prayer Book to suit the nnbelievingtone of the Tankee Episcopal mind, and now a loud and alarming cry is rising into clamorous demand for a revision of the Cranraer Prayer Book. It was revised forwards after the return of King Charles II., in 1661-2. Now it ie imperiously claimed that the beautiful liturgy and Baptism, Communion, Visitation of the Sick, Burial and Commination Services be all trimmed and pruned and chopped down to a thoroughly undogmatical and non-sacerdotal vacuity. The last new gospel of Geneva, in short, which wants God without a churoh, religion without priests, belief without creeds, and worship without altars. CAIN'S QUESTION. I know very well, 0 esteemed reader, that you very vehemently asked me some two years ago what was the deeds or misdeeds of the Church of England to you ; and you told me in a style sufficiently peremptory that you didn't want to hear anything about the discordB and the divisions or the doctrinal disputes of any denomination; and you rather roughly t.old me to shut up about such things. Tour brusque rebuff caused me many a regretful thought sinoe then. It was too much the language of Cain, aad it is tbe language which has left tbe Sovereign Pontiff a solitary mourner in the deserted halls of the Vatioan.. No loyal Catholio can ever olose his heart, as the oyster closes his shell on being touched, and repel the sight and sound of the war that is going on in every Protestant camp and every Protestant country against the Ghuroh of Christ, and against her divind legation. If every Catholio heeded, as every Catholic ought to heed, this war, the Churoh.' would be free, and safe, and unmolested in all lands. Without drawing a sword, without firing a gun, without tumult, or bloodshed, the Yioar of Christ would have his own again, and Christian government be restored in all Catholio kingdoms. We are three to one in numerical strength; and if all Catholio hearts were filled with the love of truth, and right, and honour, and justice; we could, by united moral action, accomplish a work which would hold all those pnlitiooatbeistio foroes whioh now menace society at bay, and deprive them of their power to do mischief. But so many are not only oareless, but averse even to " the hearing about these things," that we are the sport and derision of our enemies. It is a very great deal to you, O esteemed reader, what Cranmer'g Churoh is now saying and doing. Twenty years ago Cranmer's Churoh was muoh troubled with RITUALABHO SPASMS. Dr. Tate's drops—administered by a bill in Parliament—have cured tbe Anglican Cranmer Church of her ritualistic colio. The Tate pills, and 12 months repose in a peaceful Protestant gaol cell, was an evangelical anodvne which sent tbe Ritualist St. Vitus's; dancers asleep never more to awake. Ritual - ism was an unnatural garment for. the; Anglioan Church to endure. Dr. Moorhouse, like most of his episcopal brethren at home comprehend that, having become insane 300 years ago, their Church's propen-' sity and her principle is to denude herself' and to sit down. To sit down is now the Anglioan ruling passion, and, no doubt, ,it will wax stronger and stronger ' as; the death of disestablishment'approaches.' Dr. Moorhouse does not oonoeal thefaet'that; he was not only ashamed; but gratified, by the sitting down of the' " able lawyers, scholars, and statesmen" who formed part of his congregation on that Trinity Sunday in A.D.; 1870\. Do not be surprised, O esteemed reader, at finding able statesmen, and eminent scholars, and very learned lawyers among Dr., Moorhouse's flock. His ohuroh was in a; fashionable neighbourhood, and no doubt he had hearers up from Kensington, and over' iron the Regent's Park. His lordship's reputation as a preacher was well known,'and the lawyers and statesmen of London are- fond' of hearing eloquent and original Sermons. Dodsworth, Maurioe, Dale, Blomfield,Faber, i Stanley, Wordsworth, Mansell, in their day j had always laymen of celebrity to hear; them. Mr. Gladstone might often be seen I some years ago atSt, Mildred'e, to hear his old; college friend, the Rev. Wm. Rogers, B.D. Mr. Fox, of JFinsbury Unitarian ^Chapel, Finsbnry-square, attracted oartain lawyers' from tht Temple; and' Dr. Moorhotue drear locdaandlwUM from nllpcrta"o£ ** ton. , What concerns yon, 0 esteemed reader, iB why Dr. Moorhouse's " saholarly and statesmanly " heftrers Sat down when yon might expect them to stand. The Athanasian creed teaches the doctrine of the Trinity. Did tbey believe that dootrine P If they did, why sit down ? The creed teaohes the IKCABNATRON of the Second Person of the Trinity—thsjt is, that' God became Man in the womb of the Virgin Alary. Did Dr. Moorhouse and his able latvyers and statesmen believe that Christ was God ? Did they mean to deny the doctrine of jthe Trinity and Incarnation by Bitting down ? The Athenasian creed, like the Nicene creed, asserted and taught the proper and substantial divinity of Christ, and thus condemned the false teaching ojf the followers of Arius, who, previously to the drawing up of the Athanasian creed, had been condemned in the Council of Nicea, A.D. 326. Were. Dr. Moorhouse's statesmen and lawyerB Arians ? The Athanasian creed, so called, asserted and taught the proper divinity of the Holy Ghost, and thus condemned the false teaching of Macedonia, who was condemned in the Council of Constantinople A.D. 381. The creed of Atbanasins asserted and taught that Christ had a true, human soul, as well as a true, human body, and thus condemned Apollinaris, wbo, with Maoedonius, was condemned in the 2nd General Council, Apollinaris having taught that Our Lord bad not a human soul, for His divinity supplied the plaoe of soul in Him. Were Dr. Moorhouse's lawyers and statesi, who sat down in his churoh at Paddington, deniers of the divinity of the Holy Ghost, and did they hold with Apollinaris P The Athanasian creed asserted and taught that in Christ there was but One personality, with Two natures : the Nature of God and the Nature of Man, which decision of the Counoil is adopted in tbe 2nd Article of tbe Anglican Church. The Athanasian creed thus condemns the teaching of Nestorius, Patriarch of Constantinople, who held that in Christ were Two Persons, the person of Man, and the person of God, and that Christ received the personality of Man from the Virgin Mary, and, therefore, that she was only the Mother of Christ, and not the Mother of Q-od. Were Dr. Moorhouse's Paddington friends Nestorians ? And did they sit down because tbe Athanasian creed expressly condemned the false Nestorian opinion P The Athanasian creed asserted and taught that in Christ were Two natures, united in One personality, which personality was the personality of God, and that the two natures were not blended together, as a oup of milk might be with a oup of water, but were for ever distinot and separate though for ever united in one Christ, as the 2nd Article of the Anglican 39 is pleased to admit. This blending of the divine and human natures was the false dootrine of EOTYCHES, and was condemned in the Council of Chaloedon A.D. 451. Were Dr. Moorhouse's able scholars and statesmen Eatyohians and destroyers of the true Christian faith concerning the nature of tbe world's Redeemer? Did they sit down as Nestorians, or as Eutyohianri, or as Arians, or as Apollonaiiane, or as Macedonians, or as Eunomiaus, and therefore as holders of doctrines which struck at the very root of THE ATONEMENT, and consequently at the hope of man's salvation by Christ, who was, as tbe Athanasian creed says, " Perfeot God and Perfeot Man, with a rational Soul and human flesh subsisting," just as St. John writes iu the first chapter of his gospel, "The logos, or word, was made flesh, and dwelt amongst usP" What, in the name of oommon Christian sense, did Dr. Moorhouse's able lawyers, andstatesmen, and pew-holders sit down for when their own pure, scriptural, established, reformed, national Church oailed upon them to stand up as true and faithful believers, and, as sach, profess and confess themselves such, by saying or, if they preferred, by singing the Athenasian creed ? All this sitting down at Paddington, and all this silly spluttering about this creed, does conoern you, O esteemed reader. It should make you thankful to God, and more devout every time you go to Maes, that your poor infatuated soul isn't everlastingly racked and worried with such dubieties and perplexities, and tossings to and fro, and startled or stunned with every fitful wind of instability, as. if God was a lover of confusion, and had thrown down' His revelation among men as an accursed apple of the bitterest strifes and estrangements,' and leave them to go on wrangling aud jangling about creeds for ever. It concernByoU, O esteemed, because itallmeans mischief t6 you and; your religion. For they who; keep up this eternal bother about "Creeds" do so hrorder to give themselves Bt>me sort of excuse for never believing anything definite. >A definite' faith - is Popery,- and as the Athanasian creed is very exact, and precise, and definite, it must be Popish, and mnst be sat'down at. Dr. Moorhouse's able statesman at Paddington weren't going to be oaaghtin a Pbpish trap, not even by their own pure and scriptural Churoh's morning prayer.' And as bis had it at Paddington, so would his lordship have it here, and* the better to promote his design;he raises the no-Popery ory in his pro-Cathedral, and vociferates as loudly about image worship" and "imposture miracles by saints' hones, 'and wioking jHotures," as the ugliest Calmuo inExe- Oetober23, 1883. BOJOtrtfKESS, '' drowaiiiesp,- Tfcetrinatliinj jaundice '•'• an 