THE ELECTRIC LIGHT FOR LIGHTHOUSES. On Saturday our Sydttoy telegram an-, nonnccd that foi tho first time in the aouthorrv hemisphere tho electric light had on tho' previous night been used as a light- houso illuminator, and with porfcct success. As we know,X lit has been applied to lighthouses on somo of tho Euro pean coasts, and lia3 given infiuito satisfaction. I11 short, it lias been so far advanced that tlio one danger of a break down in tho machinery. or in tiio appliances, is now a very remote contingency, indeed especially when, as in the caso of lighthouses, at least twelve hours out of every twouty-four can be devoted to repairing or strengthening any damaged or defoctive parts Of the superiority of tho light over the old oil lamp3 thero can be no (ques tion, It is far more intense aud visible, not ouly at a greater distance in clear weather, but not so easily obscured in tiiiciz or hazy weather. At Syduey on the first night of its trial it was distinctly seen Jrom a vessel forty-five miles distant, and that is ample,even in rough weather, togivo overy mariner warning in time to hold his sea room. All this being considered, - tho question arises, how is it that the desirableness of using tho electric light atQuccnscliff, Point Lonsdalo, Capo Otwayj Gape Sclmnck, and the Promontory has not been referred to beforo this? Throe out of tho five points wo have referred to -are important landmarks in tho navigation, of Bass's Straits, and tho . othor two are figura tively tho keys that open the doop to IJori Phillip to tho mariner at night. AUjare advantageously situated for tlio uso of the electric light, excepting iu the matter of coal for the steam engines ; but wo presume wood 'could be used as a substitute, And there is plenty of that at the three outstations; while Quocnscliff andPoint Lonsdale could be supplied -with coal with oasci We are awaro that in some quarters it is. objected .that tho more lighthouses there are and the greater their efficiency the more careless masters of ships becomo, and the greater the Iiabiiity%to disaster, owing ' to their rolianco on the factitious » did of the beacons. In tho face of this, . however, we are encountered by tlio immense number of wrecks that have occurred in tho finest and calmest weather along our , coasts, ; and close to the entrance to tho Heads. Lights of a superior class exist at prcsentt but. they do not appear to bo sufficiently good, With tho electric light radiating a distance of 4u milos, a ship inward bound would not lose the Cape Otway beacon r; boforo it. picked up that of Point Lonsdalo and an outward bound ship would bo in sight of Point Lonsdale until the rays from Capo Otway became visible. Ifcis clearthat the pre sent lights, good as' they are, aro not sufficienttb prevent wrecks and. groundings that never should occur, and tho natural conclusion is that better beacons cannot in any case increase the danger. , We trust . that the Commissioner of Customs will consider the matter. At least a trial might bo. made at Point Lonsdalo i(ind Queenscliff. ». . ; ; (,i J The new wing tho gift of Sir W, J. Clarke and his brother of Toorak to Trihity.ddllego is drawing to completion. It is expected to bo ready by next termWlien finished it will ao- commodato 20 oxtra pupils, . The members of the Secula'r Association ore desirous, of having a building of their own, and with' a view to obtaining funds for tho purpose intend following the example set them by two churohes recently, by holding a fancy fair. Arrangements are to be mode at a meeting to be held at an early date. The promotion of Sergeant Ellis to tho rank of sub-inspcctor has apparently givon satisfaction to one resident of tho northorn suburb, judging by tho followiug letter, which has been recoived by tho sub-inspector Hothom, 3nd June, 1883. Gallant soldier.— It gives roe much pleasure to know that yoh have gained not what you anticipated! but what you havo deserved for your long and faithful services to Her Majesty and hor suli- jecte.My advice to you as a younger brother is to continue on in your zeal and abilities in tlio performance of your duties, not only to man but to " God," and may the end of your career bo that of a true and faithful and dutiful ser vant of all concerned. Given this 2nd day of June, ,3883,. at — Hotham, Melbourne, ivictoria, Australia, signed . Mr O'Connor, tho Chief Inspector of Excise, although not a very severe prosecutor (except in cases wfioro it is really required) whcncallod -upon- to proceed against offenders for brcaohei under tho Trades' Marks Statute, docs uot allow the Government to loso over the ' prosecutions. Having Becurod a conviction at tho Flomington Polico Court this morning against a publican on two charges, the presiding justices recorded a fine of 42s with 23s Gd costs, but Mr O'Connor pointed out tho case had cost the Customs £3 3s, and ho did not think the Government should1 suffer when cases, wore proved. Tho costs woro immediately raised to 41s Gd in each caso, making a total of £8 13s, ; As stated in a recent Usua of The Herald some foolish person has boon tho caubo of con-' sidcrable alarm to fomalos and other timid people in various parks of . Richmond by figuring a ghost dad iq the orthodox flowing \- ' " £ white garment. /Thoro is a probability of pro ceedings being taken against a voridont of Richmond, who is supposed to bo identical with tho culprit, A preliminary Advortisomout in anothor column anuoimcoB tlmt Messrs Newtou and Nathan hnve been toudorcd a bonofib at St, Goorgo's Hall on Monday next. Thoy have woll dosorved this, for tho sorvieosof thoso experienced boxers have boon freely given on . all occasions for charitablo purposos. Tlio. progronuuo is li strong ono . in athletics of all descriptions, and especially in boxing. For oxamplo, Hiokon hns cousontod to box .with Nowtou, and the bonoficiarcs thomsolvos will have a rattl ing sob to. A special novolty is .tbat during tho cvoning Hickon will chnllongo Larry Foley, of Sydnoy, to a glovo oncountor, and Newton will do tho samo with . Christio, who sccondod Trofessor Miller in the late contest at Sydnoy. > A peculiar accident occurred at Hotham' at an early hour this morning. It np-j pears that a young man nauiod Wil-, liam Rainoy was prococdiug along tlio' Flcmingtou road on horseback with an! urgent message for a person on ono of tho Adolaido steamors. When near Villiora, street ho collided with a cart wliioh was com-,' itig in an opposito direction tho result being that ono of the shafts of tho vehiclo ontered' his horso's shoulder, bosidos knocking ono of, its oyos out. Rainoy was thrown on to the1 road, and was picked up in an insensible con dition- When lis caiuo to it was found that ho luul rocoivod a severe shaking, but ho was not otherwise badly injured. Tlio matter was reported to Sub-inspoctor Ellis aud nsnothiug could bo done for tho injured horso it was shot. Tlio Salvation Army is about to build a barracks at Hotham, a picco of grouud having bcon obtained for tho purpose in n peculiar and interesting manner. A short timo since tho army found ono Sunday morning that thoy could not havo tho uso of tho Tomporonco Hnll, iu which they had been conduct ing their services, and consequently „tliey hold their seven o'clock meeting on a vacant pieco of ground in closo proximity. A gentle man residing in tho neighborhood noticing this, said to his wi'o, "Isn't that a pity— if I had a building I would givo it to thorn,' whereupon tho lady said, "Woll you havo and givo thoma picco." Upon this tho gentlo- man said that ho would loud tho army an Allotment, aud ho has carried out tho promiso, Tho barracks to bo oroctod upon it will bo a brick structure ">0fb x 40ft, and is expected to cost about TiiOO.Tho oxcavations for tho founda tions havo been alroady commenced, and tlio foundation stone will bo laid on Tuesday, the 12th Juno, by Dr Rose, M.L.A, The corps nt Hotham is about 100 strong. Will tho railway accident cases over that shocking Ilitwthorn affair stretch out to tho crack of doom? A fresh batch was outorod upon this morning, boforo Mr Justico Higin- botham and juries of twelve, in tlio NcwCourt- houso. Tlio first which camo up was Thomas Lloyd v Board of Land and Works. Tho plaintiff is a rather elderly man, a land agent and general commissioner. Ho was jarred in tho ribs, which lacerated tho covering of a lung. Wo do not know whether auy ostimato has boon reached as to tlio cost of the Haw thorn accident, but it must be appalling. Fow railway accidents havo occurred whore the iniuries wero spread ovorsuch a largo propor tion of the pooplo in tho train, short of their being all plunged into eternity tegothcr", Eutiro escapo from injury was quito oxcop- tional. His Honor Mr Justice Molesworth gave his reserved decision to-day in thomattor of asum rnous Widdoll v. House, in roforoncotoa dis puted ownership of mining ground 'ut St Arnaud,' Tho case camo oa or hearing before tho Warden at St, ArnaudJ and it was thou arraugod to try tho case at Maryborough before assessors. Tlio caso was colled on7 but by somo mistake thore was no assessors, and a dispute aroso- as to whoso fault it was. His s Honor ordered the respondent Butcher to pay half tho complainant's costs of this special aso, ; An appeal by Francois Perry against a decision of Mr Panton and the Justico of Melbourne sentencing him to six months'im- prisonmont for assaulting Jocsphino Laurent, camo bofore Judge JM'Farland in tbo court of General Sessions to-day. It appeared that the matter was c&llod; on at .the last sittings of the court, but was postponed without the hearing being entered 011 . at all. Upon tho cose being called on to-day objection was takon by Mr Chomley, counsel for the respondent, that the notice of entry of tho appeal required to be served two days beforo tho sitting of tho court to which the appeal was first mado had uot boon served in time. Mr Taylor for the- appelldnt admitted that tho notice had not been served witbin tho time fixed by tho Act, but submitted that the objection had been waived by tlio adjournment. His Honor considered that thero had not been any waver, and that, .the notice not having boon served ho bad no power to ho&v; tho appeal Mr Taylor endeavored at some length to con vince the Judgo that ho was wrong, and asked him at all events to state a case. His Hoitor declined to do so, as he had no doubt on tho point, Tho appeal was dismissed and tho con- rection affirmed. ) In the Supremo Court to-day, tho hearing of the action Savillo and wife Gillboo was con tinued. The plaintiffs, Mr H. Savillo, an actor, and his wife, Rachol T. do V. Savillo, sued the defendant, Mr W: Gillbeo, surgoon, for £1000 damages lor assault and malpractice upon tho female plaintiff, Tho caso for the plaintiffs was concluded to-day, and that for tho defendant was proceeding when we wont to press. When addressing a jury in the Supremo Court to-day in defenco of a corporation which wa&Rued; for an accident arising through its alleged negligence, Mr Hodges said that it was becoming an important ry-estion as to how far tho liability of Shiro Coun cils was to oxtond. It appeared that a person meeting with an accident in tlio street had only to discovor that ono flagstone was slightly higher than another to induce Um to bring an action for negligence against, the municipality. It was an undoubted fact that shiro councils throughout tho colony wero being seriously affected by actions arising out of alleged negligence, Mr Justice Higinbotham. passes a wholesale vote of want of confidence In the medical testi mony over the Hawthorn Railway Accident, Questioning Dr Janios to-day on Thos.Lloyd's claim, he asked whon tho man was likely to recover, inasmuch as the. doctor thought thero would bo a favorable termination, Dr James replied that he cculd not say. His Honor said this was tho- invariable roply of the doctors. It scomcd to him that all they were really summoned for was to in form the court as to when .their patients wore likely to gst woll. This was tho point every one wanted to ascertain. Tho doctor said ho was sorry, but could not holp it, if he was un able to pronounce dofinitoly. This man was injured in or about tho lung. If a doctor could boo into a lung, ho could givo a pretty good opinion, but, with tho living subjoct, thero must necessarily be a groat dogceo of hypo thesis. Tho adjourned tearing of the Equity sijit, the Neva Stearuae Candle Company v Moot ing, was proceeded with beforo Mr1 Justice Molesworth to-day. The auit is brought by Mr Robert Johnston, the 'agent" of tho Com pany in Melbouruoi to restrain tho dofeodjut from using a label bearing tho «amo imprint, "Nova StcarinoCandle Company," for camllon manufactured in Molbourno. The arguments woro proccodiug whon Tiik Hkrald wont to press. An appeal by David Boll against a decision of tho magistrates at St. ICilda, ordering luni to pay 35s. j'or wcok for tlio support of his sou, Frcdoriok Boll, was sot down for hoaring ..in tlio Gonornl Sessions to-day. Mr Molesworth nppoarcd for tho respondents, and Mr "Walsh for tlio boy. Tlio peculiarity of the caso was that tlio boy in favor of whom tho ordor was rondo is sixtoon and a halfyoara old. At tlio outset 'Mr Molesworth Raid tlio father was willing to tako tlio boy back, and this proposal ! having boon . accopted, Judgo M'Farland ' quashed tlio ordor without costs. \ ; Mr' Alloy, P.M., at'Uio Sandridgo Court this j morning, oxpressod tho opinion that all bakora; who had been fined for soiling light bread j should bo forced to placo a sign iu red letters, j showing that thoy had boon so fiuod,. upon their premises, in ordor to, warn tho public not. to doal witli thorn. Tho businoss transacted At tlio Ilotham1 Police Court: to-day. was of ari unimportant, nature. A man named Rodoriok Flannory( , who was charged with donorting his children, was romnnded to tho City Polico Court. Bofore tho business of tho Hotham Court was prococdcd with this morning, a meeting of tho magistrates was hold for tho purposo of olccting a chairman for tbo ensuing yoar. An usual their choioo unanimously fell on Dr Lloyd, who appears to have a pro-omptivo! right to tho position. Tho doctor, who is very' popular in tlio not thoro borough, has boon1 cliairman of tho bonch' for 22 yoars. John Itobortaon?ali:is Nash who was arrested in Carlton by constablos Hannon /and I'aico about a week ago on a clmrgo of insulting behavior and upon whom was found a quautlty of jewellery, proceeds of a robbory,at Warron's pawnshop, Sandridgo 'aud another jowollor's shop in Carlton appoarod at tho City Court this morning , and was romaudodto the Sand ridgo Polico Court. A middle courso lias boon taken in roapocb to Thomas Church, who stands committod tor trial 011 a clmrgo of embozzliug £1000 from Mossrs. J. and A, Brown. It v. .11 be rbuiom- bored that tho Grown Prosocutor intimated last week that he waa unpropared to proceed with tho caso, and applied for a remand for a mouth. Tho prisoner, who was unablo to obtain bail, owiug to tlio absence of his friends, objected to bo kopt in prison for another mouth, and asked to bo allowod out ou his own rocog nisanccti. This proposal was docidodly obi jectcd to by Mr Ohomloy, on behalf of tho Crown, but Judgo M'Farland showed t a marked disinclination to keep Church in gaol for a month after I10 had givon himself up.' This morning his Honor announced that in ordor to obviate tho necessity for keeping Church in gaol for a month ho would postpone his trial until the noxt sittings of tho Control Criminal Court.- This will reduce tho tortn of incarceration beforo trinl to loss than a fort night, Mr John Evorard Wright reports that for tho present issuo of 5000 shares in tho Lind say's Browory Company ho has rocoivod ap plications nmountingin tbo aggregate to 7350. Tho company hns, therefore, boon successfully floated. Tho shares will bo allotted this afternoon. Tlio Swisb, Jean Henri Bucnt7.l1, jwho was arrested some timo back by Detoctivos Nixon aud Mackoy on warrant on a chargo of forgory and fraudulent insolvoncy at Borne, camo up on remand -at tho City Court agaiti this morning, and was put back for another week, owing to tho dolay in the arrival of tlio deiiositioris from Switzerland; Detectivo Nixon said ho oxpcctod thorn by tho incoming mail. Tho authorities at Borno have not yot telegraphed a reply to cablo sont homo concerning Buentzli's arrest, If tho deposi tions are not to hand in the noxt few weeks it s probablo tlio prisoner will bo discharged. Tho crowd that assembled at the Sandridgo Court this morning to hear tho ovidenco against the man John Robertson, alias Nash, who stands charged with having stolen a quantity of jewellery from Warren's pawn- broking establishment, Beach street, Sand ridgo, on the 14tb May last, wore greatly disappointed whon Inspector Toohey applied to'havothe caso struck out, as Robertson hod not bcon sont down from the Mclbourno Gaol to answer tho chargo. Robertson will, how ever, bo tried at tho looal court on Monday noxt. On Thursday last a now lodge (Royal Tambo .Lodge) of the Manchester Unity Independent Ordor of Odd Fellows was opened at Bruthen, Gippsland, by D.F.G.M. Wat- kins and 1\P.G, Bcckwith, both of Melbourne assisted by local officers and officers from Sale. Tho oponing ceremony and granting of tho dispensation wore conducted with uuuBoal display. Afeot these ccromonios had boon closed, sovontooh now members .presented themselvos for initiation,, and were duly informod as to tlio rites and4 ceremonies per- taining to tho vordor. Thoao with the old mcmbors increased tho motnbors' roll to about thirty, which is considered a very auspicious beginning. Tbo following were elected officors of tho now lodge :—Bro. A, White head, N.G. ; Bro. J. Archibald, P.S. ; Bro. W, ' J. Brook, V.G. ;Bro. Borland, P.S,' Bro. Poul- eon, G.M., Bros, D. Johnston, W.J. Brook and R. MoKnight trustees ; Bro, J, Larobourue, treasurer ; Bro. Ely, guardian ; Bros. Radon- bach and Lambourne, right and left supporters respectively of N.G.; Bros, KorrondMcKnight r jglit and left supporters respectively of the Y. G. and Bro J. Sandy, warden. Tlio receipts for the evening amounted to £30 10s, ' Boforo the lodge was closed tho D.P.GjM; and tlio P.P.G.M, addressed tlio bretiiron and poiutod out tho benefits thoy would darivo from joining tho socioty, and wished success to tho Loyal Tambo- Lodge, A banquot was afterwards held at tho Bruthon Inn, and tbo proceedings 'concluded with fun autocratic Parliament, which caused much amusement, and cnablod tho bsotbron to. spend an hour or so very pleasantly and sociably. A fracture of the hip joint is an extremely serious injury in tho- case of persons advuncod in years because tho broken bones teldom unito again, the union beiug only, a ligamen tous one. This is. what occurred Jin, tiio caso of Mrs FrainBWorth who sued the1 Avoca. Shiro Council in. the Suprome Court to-day for compensation, for a broken hip ! joint, caused by a fall through a bridno brnakirir over, which Bbo was passing,; Sho ia now loft permanently lame, and tho more the lunb is used, tho shorten and moro useless it i&likoiy; to become. It affords the Ballarat Star great pleasure to state tbttlio lion, 'Phillip Russell, M.L.G., has completely recovered from Ida reoont attack of iUneAs. Ho waa ia ?3cuflarafc on Saturday,, and was. warmly, welcomed, by many 'friends upon, hit spoodly ' convales- coneo. ' ' ' The Sydney 32xpEOas aaya A curious claim has been set up. by the oxocntora of tho lato Sir John O'Shanoflsy, of Melbourne. Sir John during hie life was entitled, to a ponsion of/ £1000;per annum "under tWj Constitution Act, but ho never drew a pon'jy of it. His executors claim tho total amount, which would roach £25,000." Un this point Vic torian authoritios aro of opinion tliot no fur ther claim can bo Established under the Repealed Pension A'st. Onojprooodont to taking tho pension uj that a certain affidavit as to tho means of tlie applicant shall bo made, . Mcsars Iroluud ar.d Duffy complied with this clauso. Sir John O'Shaimsay, Sir... .Tarn M'Oulloch and others, not having dono so cannot claim under the not till thoy do, nor is it clonr that thoy criovou tlion. According to an Ainorican" trade , journal, ,' fifty-two million cans of tdrnatpos woro pnekod during 18S2, boing an incroaso of fifteon mil lions ovor 1881. Maryland and Virginia to gether packed half tho wliolo quantity, aud about ouo-fifth camo from Now Jorsoy;" Honry V. was produced to anothor largo audionco at tho Royal on Saturday ovoning. Tho rovival of tho historic play promises to bo as successful as ita former production in this city. It will bo givon ovory ovoning till further notice. The Iriflh Dotootivp was played at tlio iPrincosa' ou Saturday, when Mr Grattan Riggs 'made hiHro-appo&ranco; in tho title role. . Tho play i» said to havo boon oxprossly written for Mr Riggs in ordor to display his 1 " wondorful . : versatility, "aud certainly it affords ovory scope for tlio talents of tho clovorcoinodian to bo oxhibitcd - to , tho best , advautago. His ixjrformanco on Saturday evening was jn 110 way inferior to his previous roprosonta. .tiou, aud ho was frequently ohoorod duriugL) progress of tho play. Mr Hans Phillips. >t r Mr H, Daniels woro highly divovtingi . Twortnn and Lemons, and Miss Dooy StoWkrb assumed hor old pnrt of Sally Jacket with satis faction. Tho cast was /not so strong in othor parts as on tho previous presentation of tho play in Molbourno, but tho characters on tho wliolo woro woll plnyed. On Wednesday Mr Riggswilltako lus bonoiit.whon tho soasoti will closo. . .. . The Federal Minstrels at tlio Victoria Ilal - drew a largo houso on Saturday evening. Tho singing was much onjoyed, while tho humorous sketches, especially Mr Bent's looturo on the "Experiences of a Raw Correspondent," evoked roars of laughter. Tho same programmo will bo repoatod during tho woolc. The Keuncdy Concert 111 tho Town Ilall on Saturday evening on behalf of the charitios, was not so woll attended as was oxpoctod in couBequouco of tho unfavorable state of tho weather. Tho programme was as usual greatly cnjoycd.Mr Kennedy bomg himsolf us diverting and entertaining as over. At tho conclmuon of tho concert, Mr Konnody oxpressod his ro- gcrtat tho smallnoss of tho attendance), and announced that thero would bo. about LGO to hand over to the charities. Tho Kennedy's will appear in tho Town Hall again to-night when anothor "Nicht wi' Burns" will bo givon Mr Bernard Gilboy, tho gontloman who ac- complishodtho advouturous voyago from Sau Francisco to Queensland in tho small oj>on boat Pacific is to lecturo at tho Waxworks this evening. Mr Gilboy'a boat, his log, and othor things usod on tho voyage will bo ox- liibitcd at tbo sumo timo. 