TUR MAN IN POSSESSION. (From Cliambers' Journal.) CHAPTER m. As I mused for a moment after my dis comliturc, the singular construction of thc routs, as they appeared to me on the first view of them, recurred to me. 1 Thc very thing I' I said to myself. ' lt will he very odd if I don't manage to get iuto that house again.' With mc the resolve was to act; and I immediately dived into the shrubbery, in order to work my way quietly aud úueecn to the back of the premises. It was well that I did so ; for scarcely was I concealed by the foliage, when the front door was again opened and George Wiutock and Benetti-the the former bearing a light-stepped out upon the gravel-walk and began making a circuit of tho premises. Holding my breath and crawling upon hands and knees into tlic deeper shade, 1 contrived to avoid thçna. At length apparently satisfied, after their scrutiny, I overheard enough of their ^WsÄCf^ü»'that Kau"' struck me to the earth. I watehed the window of George Wintock's bedroom till I saw by his shadow on the window-blind that he had eutered. After a while, tho light was extinguished, and I concluded that he had retired to rest/ I knew that he, bis father, and the Italian were heavy sleepers, as they were accustomed to indulge in deep potations at night. How it it came about that Benetti had discovered and frustrated my scheme, I never would fathom. Having reached that part of the premises which I judged moBt convenient for my house-I lost no time in cautiously climbing on to its roof, which I was able to do very easily, as its lowest edge was not moro than seven feet from the ground. Fortunately, none of the rooms in which the inmates slept looked out on that particular angle, so that I did not much fear detection ; if I could only make progress noiselessly, and obtain the higher roof before daylight, I could hide behind its high parapet. Dark as was the night or rather morning, it was sufficiently light for mc to see what I was about. Slowly sud with some difficulty, I dragged myself from roof tn roof till I reached a stack of chimneys that rose side by side a few feet from tho parapet, and which had been belted with an iron girdle,' and fastened with thick iron rods to the wall below it. By aid of rods, I managed to reach the parapet just os the dawn began to break. Hero I was compelled from sheer attempt-a low abutment \- exhaustion to lie down a ehort time and rest ia the leaden gutter inside. Truly 1 waa hut in a torry plight-my apparel .spoiled from erawling in the shrubbery, and from clamber- ing over the dirty roofs, and saturated with the blood that flowed freely from the blow I had received. I began to feel extremely faint from exertion, loss of blood, and excite- ment. What would become of me if strength failed me ?" I might lie and die and rot on the summit of this old mansion before any one discovered me. Yet not for one moment did a thought croBS my mind of showing the white feather and giving up my adventure ; my feelings were indeed too overwrought for this, partly an almost bliud infatuation for thc hapless Miss Wintoek, and partly that long- ing desire to retaliate, which, whether rightly or wrongly, is generally felt by any one who has been put to hort-de-combat at an unfair advantage. A little rest and the cool fresh morning air somewhat revived me, and I commenced creeping through the gutter. ; With my pocket knife I loosened the leaded frame of a pane in one of the garret windows and extracted the glass ; iueerting my hand I was was.able to undo the catch and obtain ingress. Finding the coast clear I glided softly down to tty room, locked myself io, bathed my head and face, and taking a pull at my flask of creature comfort, laid myself down for a while to rest my weary bones and aching head. I was much bruised, yet could not help inwardly chuckling at the surprise the Wiptocks and their swarthy coadjutor would experience during the course of the day when they found that, in spite of his summary ejection, Jack Meredith waa once more the Man in Possession. And great indeed WSB the consternation of Benetti, when on waking about midday and feeling urgent need of refreshment, I walked down into the kitchen where be and Martha were sitting at dinner. Neither heard me oyproflch, as I purposely trod softly. Martha had jost helped the Italian to a slice of mutton, when, slipping in,11 coolly took a chair and seated myself at the table. Both of them started and stared as if I had been a ghost. 'Very fino joint of mutton, indeed, Martha -capital ! and BO delightfully cooked-not over done. I should so like a taste just where it's so nicely browned on the underside ;' pointing as I spoke.-'Ah !' you haven't a a third plate. Never mind; I'll reach you one.;' andi accordingly rose and handed her one from the dresser. The Italian muttered something in his 1 own language, which if translated would I suspect have been anything ' butcompliuientry. 'Extremely happy to secme at your social meal no doubt you are friend Benetti I I reciprocate the sentiment most warmly.- Here's to your very good health ' taking up the ale- jug from the table and fill- ing myself a glaBS.-* Admirable ! Right good Btuff'-smacking my lips.-'Pray, Martha, dou't let the mutton (jo cold ;' seeing that she had not not complied with my request. "There's nothing in the world i dislike so much as cold mutton. I could see that both were for thc moment thunderstruck ; and os I took up my plato and held it imploringly, Martha proceeded to «ut the coveted slice.' I 'Now a couple of potatoes and a few greens, with just a dash of gravy.-Thank, you Martha, you are a good soul. I think in future I will always take my meals writh you and Benetti, instead of giving you thc trouble of waiting npon mc up stairs. It will save yon a great many stepB, and bc BO much more comfortable for us all : for it's rather lonely sitting up there by one's self so much.' My companions were at first disposed to bo rather grumpy ; but seeing that I was determined to be on good terms with myself and them, and wc conversed amicably, though reservedly. I could see, however, by their occasional aly glances at my physiognomy, that both, and especially the Italian, derived considerable gratification in noting how severely I had been punished. Acting upon my promise, I did not, during the remainder of the time I stayed at Brite leigh Hall, trouble Martha to wait upon me, haviog ono object in view, namely, thc discovery of Miss Wintock's whereabouts. 1 did not think it probable that she still occupied the same room above my bleeping apartment, or she would have deviled some method of giving mc at least n hint of it. Every night I was at my nhl poet the window. In vain I whistled und hummed every tune] WOB acquainted with. In vain I looked up ti catch some slight token of her presence. . felt that she was not there. She knew 'nc case to bc desperate ; and if thc wiudow «rr fastened, failing other means, would dnuMV« have shivered a pane of glaseas a signal. Yt was I convinced that she was confined sorr.e where in the upper part of the mansion ; an Cor lue followiug reason«. Firstly, when I .ssayed to go up into the lumber room on the following morning after I effected my aeoDnd entrance, I found the door at tho top of the staircase locked, thus precluding all communication with the upper suite of apartments except by the back or servant's staircase. It waa not so on the previous morning when the inmates thought me so safely shut out, as I passed through it on get- ting down to my chamber. Hence there must bc a motive io endeavouring to prevent ?ne from exploring them. How I' wished I had made the circuit of tho roof and peeped into every attic through the window before descending to my town room : aud yet I felt I had acted for the best, as my strength would not have held out much longer. Secondly, I took occasion toobsorve that old Martha when she thought herself unperceived, often put asido some of the best portion of her viands, os if for eomo other person. With these she would suddenly disappear, but always in tho evening. I contrived toascertain that she invariably made for the back staircase and arrauged my plan, desperate as it. was, accordingly, lt was destined tobo put into exocutinn muon oarliar than I anticipated. The fifth ? w*1"**-»" ?»'rar. iny ciainucr over xne roots. Mr. - Wjutock sent for me into bis owu room. As I eutored, I fancied a emile of suppressed triumph flushed bis countenance. Addressing ruo in a. grandeloquent sneering style, he said : ' Good-morning, Mr. Meredith. I am sorry that your stay at Briteleigh has been so protracted. But what cannof he helped must be endured. I havo been able to arrange my little affair with yonr principàl, and consequently your presence here can now be dispensed with, I shall be glad if you will leave the premises ht once. ' Taken aback', I was at a loss for a momen or two for words to answer,- as, from what I bad heard previously to my coming to Brite- leigh, I had not the remotest idea that Mr. Wintock would have been able to liquidate the heavy demand upon bim. Had Miss Wintock at last, thoroughly crushed - and brokeu in spirit, acceded to ono of his propositions, and either consented to become thc bride of his son, or signed some document that gave him absolute power over her property t Tho thought was horrible yet it might be so ; for as I bad not been able to effnet any communication with her since that unfortunate night, her energies physical and mental, might have collapsed in despair. Mr. Wintock, seeing that I was dumb- founded, at once followed up his advantage. ' I wish to make one observation before you go. You have interfered most unwarrant- ably and impertinently in the domestic arrangements of my family since you have been in the house, both intruding upon the privacy of a young lady resideut hore, and in endeavouriug to facilitate bor escape from her natural guardians. Possibly you may not be aware that the lady in question was a dangerous lunatic and that a degree of wholesome restraint is absolutely necessary for ber well-being and safety, though at times she may have apparently lucid intervals. I have no doubt you were misled by the craft peculiar to that sad affliction ; hence I am disposed to make due allowance for your extraordinary conduct. Otherwise, I should fool justified in communicating the circumstances to your employer, which would probably result in no very agreeable consequences to yourself. I may add for your satisfaction, that the young lady will shortly be placed in a suitable establishment were she will bc properly cared I for. I hope, however, os you are a young i man, that a due consideration ot tho extremely absurd manner in which you I have acted, and the slight inconvenience you i have suffered '-here, with a bland smile, he i passed h's hand over the upper part of his . face-' may prove a warning to conduct your : self more discreetly in future.' Uo I looked me full in the face and waved his hand ; towards the door. j Haw I repressed the fierce tempest of : passion that inwardly shook me, I cannot tell, j 'Sir,' I replied as calmly es I was able, ' I am : not in a position to doubt your words ! but* ¡ 'But what 1' he angrily demanded. 'I tell i you, man, I posted a cheque for thc amount last evening, and that I expect a "ischarge j and receipt by to-morrow's post. - Will that \ comply with your wishes." i ' You were ready enough, however, to leave I it to suit your own insolent purpuBe !' he hotly spurted out. ' But one day will not make much difference, I daresay ; therefore, to- morrow be it.' I bowed, and withdrew to the kitchen, in- dignant, bewildered, and with a sickening sensation at tho heart. I was completely I foiled and beaten. ' The last night I shall bc I herc-young lady mad-confined in a mad- house-tell ray employer-slight ¡neon vciiienoo,' kept echoing through my brain, tilt I (cit dizzy with the whirl of confused though, and mechanically passed my hand over my face as Mr, Wintock had done. The remembrance of the indignity enraged me; beyond endurance ; and I determined if human craft could accomplish it, that I would trace nut Miss Wintock that very night and ascertain from her own lips whether, when I left the house, I could do anything for her. Might not. a solicitor, upnu proper representation, take her case in hand, and forcibly obtain the release other person from the fiends who now held her in confinement t Doubtless much cnorgy and skill would bc required ; but the Btrong arm of law WSB or ought to be all-powerful. Yes I I would seo her. Old Wintock might storm and rave as he liked, {should bid him farewell on the morrow; and if he tried to injure me with my employer, I hoped my statement would be believed ; sud if not- supposing I got my discharge, and waB thrown out of work-the world was wide, and I should bo a kind nf martyr in a good cause-thecause of beauty in distress. Putting a good face on matters, I told old Martha and iiennetti that I was to depart on thc morrow, as Mr. Wintock had settled all claims upon him. It was evident by the covert smile on the face of each that the intelligence gave them great satisfaction. In tho ooursc of the evening I sauntered out of thc kitchen as if to go to my room ; and no doubt, as I bade them good-evening, they concluded I had retired for the night. Instead of doing BO, I quietly stepped up the back: staircase. Here, as in the other thero was a door at the top, which shut thc upper range of apartments from thc lower. The staircase itself, however, was much darker. This door was also locked, conti rmi tig my suspicions that MÍBB Wintock was above I stairs. As ÍB often the case in aucicnt mansions, there were several nookß and recesses in thc old circular staircase. With- in one of these, on the landing, 1 ensconced myself and waited patiently. I did uot much fear discovery, aa old Martha's sight waB none of the quickest, and she usually wore a hounet aud thaw! of an evening as she en ire red dreadfully from 1 heuiuatism. At length I saw her coming, hobbling slowly up the stn ir«, nml bearing a lighted candis and a covered dish, * All right, Jack, my« hoy ; you're on tho right ecent,' said I to myself. ' Lie close !* And clone I did lie as ever a weasel in a hole. Old Martha reached tho landing, put down her dish and candle, drew the key from her pocket, and proceeded tn unlock tho door. Th»;» enteritis with her burden which she again put down for a minute inside -was about to relock it, when I emerged from my hiding-place and stepped in also, shutting the door after rae. Tho old dame turned deadly pale and would have screamed, but my band was on her mouth. I learned that trick from Benetti the night Miss Wintock was forcibly carried away from my room. ' Now, my dear soul, don't make a riot, because there's no need for it. I mean you no harm, and wouldn't hurt a hair of your old gray head for the world. I only want a little private conversation with you.-There, now '-taking the key from her trembling hand, and transferring it to my own pocket, after locking the door-'wo .can'have it all quietly to ourselves without fear of inter- ruption. Its no uso, Martha,' I added sternly, seeing that she was about to remonstrate. ' It's my turn for a little while now. What is thc use of you calling out ? No one can possibly hear you.' Martha^ teeth' chattered and her1 knees trembled. ' What is it you want with me, man V she asked. ' Now, be civil, old lady. ' No " mann- ing," if you please. Just take up the dish and candle, and T will bear you company. I want a few roinut« ' spooch with thc young lady. ' I cannot I I dare not I Mr. Wintock would kill mc.' . , i 'StuffI He'll do nothing of the kind. Besides, he is not obliged to know anything about it, unless you are silly enough to inform him.' . , Old Martha bent hs if to pick up the dish and caudle. There was a slight noise below. Possibly Benetti had returned for a moment into thc houso for something. In an instant her mouth was at the keyhole ; she was aboutto shriek for assistance ; but I was too quick for her. ' You treacherous old beldam,' I whispered, 'if you try that dodge again, I'll gag you. Kow, just listen to me. I know all about the rascally doings in this house. I know that Miss Wintock is forcibly confined some* where in one of the attics. She is no more insane than I am ; BO that tale will-not serve Mr. Wintock's purpose. To-morrow, I'm off to sky, till I set tho authorities on tho London ; and I'll move earth, and sea, and right track to Mind and release her. I know Mr. Wiptpck's motive-her property. He won't have a feather cfit to'fly with; he is moro likely to land in jail. You shall come in for your share of punishment in illegally confining her. Let me Bee her for a feW moments, and I promise you on the word of a man that whatever transpires you shall be held free from blame.' After some further expostulation on her part, and < renewed threats' and promises on mino, Martha took her dish and candle, and proceeded to Miss Wintock' sapartmcnt. I kept close tq her, eyeing keenly evory movement; for Î felt'1'that if only half a chance occurred the would play mc false. Never shall I forget the eight that presented itself on my entering Miss Wintook's wretched garret. Stretched on a miserable narrow pallet lay the beautiful but haggard girl, dressed as I last saw her, but with a stout leathern girdle belted tightly round her waist, and which wfis'fastened with a thick strong cord passed round one of the bed- posts, effectually prevented her from movius except within a limited area. The casement was strongly barred on the inside, and the catch was securely fastened. In this remote room, at thc top of thc house, there was not tho slightest opportunity of communicat- ing with tile world without. Old Martha . noticed the start I gave on first entering the room, and commenced a hypocritical whimpering. * Indeed, Mr. Meredith, it's no fault of mine, nor could I help it. 'Tis all the master's doings and Mr. George's, and I am too old and feeble to do anything but obey orders.' ' Silence, woman I' I sternly retorted, as I thrust her into the only «fhair nj. the room, as I advanced to the side of the ppor suffer- ing and ill-used young lady. The death-like pallor of her countenance, tho drooping of her long dark eyelashes, and the listless rolling of the languid eyes, evinced the intense mental anguish that racked her. The instant her eyes rested on me, a sharp faint cry of joyful recognition escaped her, and she stretched out ber hand. In the tumult of my distracted feelings I seized it warmly to my lips. A flush came rushing into hir neck and face until she crimsoned to the temples. Thc next instant she was if possible even paler than before, and her short rapid breathing told of excitement under which she laboured. 'Oh, Mr. Meredith-I was afraid that-I thought-I hoped you would not desert mo,' she gasped. ' Not «'hilo I bare life, dear Mies Wintock,' waa the prompt reply. While I spoke, my pocket-knife was out, and I was sawing like a maniac, at thc cord to sever it. Old Martha began to wriog her hands and to remonstrate, but her remonstrances I speedily checked. Thc cord was speedily cut through ; and gently raising Miss Wintock into a sitting posture, I asked : ' Are you able to stand ?' ' Yes ; thank you very, much. At least I'll try.' She gave me one glance of appeal- ing trustfulness and burst iuto a passionate Ct of weeping, ' Oh, take mc away with you from this horrid place ! I shall go really mad ; 1 know I Bhall ; I am now almost. Oh, my poor brain !' I tried my utmost to soothe her. Even old Martha aided mc. Perhaps her womanly feeling waa touched ; for I believe she was more the unlucky victim and tool of circumstances than of an intrinsically bad and hardened nature. - She produced her old fashioned smelling bottle, and bathed Miss Win tock's hands and faoe, and induced her to cat some food Bhe had brought ; and I pursuaded her with soma difficulty, to lake asip or two from my whisky flask, which I had previously put in my pocket in case of emergency. At length the young lady became calmer. Rut I saw that it would bc necessary to uso extremo caution, or she would suffer a relapse, as she continued to entreat mo in thc most pathetic language not to leave her again in the power of tho Wintocks. i I looked at my watch ; it wanted about twenty minutes to nine. Precisely at nine in readiness for toe evening ride,'Mr. Wintooks gig and mare would be in the yard near thc side-door, and Mr. Georgie's horse shortly afterwards. Mr. Wintock would probably, as he often did, keep his gig waiting till a quarter past. George Wintock would bo off ehnrtly afterwards. Though I had spoken so coufidently to Martha, I was not at all sure that some unlucky accident might not intervene if I remained where I was. Benetti might miss Martha. In fact I was j terribly uneasy, and ina SBd dilemma. Stay where I was for any length of time, I dared not. Leave Miss Wintock in her present Batte of mind, I could not. Indeed, I think she would .have attempted tn force her way with me, had I shown any indication of leaving her. A hasty and perhaps rash resolve took possession of me. If I could only get Miss Wintock below'and conceal her until the departure of the Wintocks, wc might succeed in getting away uuscen lo tho village, where I hoped to house ber snfely and obtain assistance iii protecting her; for Burely none who knew her would refuse to aid ; and even if discovered I should only have thc Italian tn deal''with. Our time had been singularly ill-Obbsen before, We had waited till both Jlr, Wiutoek and his son had returned home be- fore making our attempt, I again bent over Mus Wintock and asked : ' Do you think you could walk a little ?'-at the same time giving her a meaning look. The rapid glance of intelligence with which she replied reassured me. 'Kow Martha,' I said, 'I am extremely obliged to you for what you have done ; and depend upon it you shall not be forgotten. Dut I must have the loan of your bonnet for a little ;' removing tho one from her bead and the other from her shoulders. -* It'B no use to resist old lady 1 A wilful man must have his way, and so you may as well be quiet. Now, sit down in that chair and don't stir unless I bid you, for time is precious.-'Pon my word. Miss Wrintock, that bonnet becomes you as well as it does Martha ;' placing it on her head. ' Bather a left-handed compliment to you though. There ; tuck up your hair safely out of eight in tho crown ; don't show any of, it on any account. Now for the shawl ; close up to the throat-so. Here's a pin. That will do admirably. I declare 1 should not kuow you from Martha herself at a yard's distance, if I did not see your features.-Now, Martha, old girl, I'm just going to lock you in the room a little while-only for a little while you kuow, for I will leave the door on the landing open. Henetti will be sure to (iud you hy-and-by ; as, if you don't make your appearance below, he will no doubt seek you hew, guessing that something has happened. Nay, Martha,' as she rose from her feit po great trepidation ; *t don't wish to'do'any- thing ungentlemanly I do no not at all fear your giving any alarm at tho window; it,is tod strongly barred for yon to force it. You .wouldn't like to take Miss Winïock's place. I supposer pointing to the pallet from which I had released her. 'Very well. Then keep quiet and -no harmrshall,come to you of this. You can tell Mr.' Wintó'ck'yóuwcre overcome by. stratagem and force, if .you like.' Wc will leave you thc light, we can do better without it.' I The hint was sufficient., ' Ferhsps, too, in ber heart the old creature might not be un- willing that her charge should escape. Bofore I had done speaking, Miss Wintock and I were put in the long corridor. The door was locked on' old Martha ; while Miss 'Wintock carried the dish and cover, to enable her to impersonate Martha ks faithfully as possible. 'Now for it once again,' I said to my companion; 'andi trtiBt with better luck. But you must bo as cool as you can, and keep your wits about you; A hitch now will spoil al!; for I fear this is your last and only chance. Whenever you feel inclined to faint, think of your liberty or a lunatic asylum.' 'Do not fear me,'she whispered. 'I will do my utmost or fail in tho attempt. They shall not tear me .from you a second time.' . 'Very good. Be as quick, as you can till wo reach the last tura at the bottom of tho stairs. Then, if the coast ia clear, I will go forward and reconnoitre.' Hurriedly whispering those and other hints, I led her tb tho turn of the stairs, and then went forward by myself. A' few seconds afterwards. Martha's double came down and limping down and along the passage into the scullery ss directed. Tho impersonation was excellent aud complete, and but for tho serious stake at issue; I could have laughed outright. However, this was ' no time for indulgence in levity, but Ipr the nerve, watchfulness, and action. Thc outer door of the kitchen passage stood open. Benetti usually left it so while ho went out to get thc horses and vehicle ready for his masters. I stole softly towards it, to get a bird's-eye view of what might be going on without, endeavouring to arrange some definite plan of proceeding. A rapid glance informed me that the elder Wintock had riot yet departed. The gig,' with the fino high-bred mare be was accustomed, still.stood in the 'yard. Tho animal was a noble specimen, pt great strength, speed, and spirit'; but would stand' as quietly as a lamb in the hall-yard whilo awaiting hie master's pleasure, though it required a strong hand to hold the ribbons when once upon the road. Benetti was busy in the stable saddling and bridling Mr. George "Wintock's horse. I heard his ' Whoa, Dandy !' and other ejacu- lations less amiable, in his broken English as tbe-animal seemed to be giving him much trouble. In another five minutes be would bring him out into the yard equipped ready for his rider. ' Instantaneously an idea whizzed through my brain like a QaBh of light, upsetting what- ever of scheme or intention I might have already formed. In a second I was at the scullery-door. 'Whist! Now-quick. Here; instant you reich it Trust' to nie for the rest,' . ' , Miss Wintock looked "up nt nie in wonderment, but immediately obeyed. Out at the open door and across tho yard with Miss Wintock cn my arm. 'In with you miss ; for dear life 1' She needed no second admonition, but half lifted by me, Bprane nimbly into the vehicle. I was about to follow but as ill-luck would have it, we were not to get away BO easily. Thc niarc, hearing oiirfootstcps, had begun to : . paw the ground, impatient of delay ; and thc ( ! face of Benetti immediately appeared at tho stnble-door. Probably he thought Iiis master ¡ had come ont, and might require his services. I I should have been unconscious of the fact ; but in stepping into the gig, Miss Wintock slightly turned her head and caught sight of the Italian's swarthy visage. Uer short suppressed cry and cager finger at once pointed out to me the caiiBe of her terror. Benetti comprehended the state of affairs at the first glance, and with a fierce whoop, came rushing at full speed to seize the marc's head. There was no time for me to mount. Stepping forward n pace or two and exerting my utmost strength, I dealt him a buffet that fairly halanccdthatwbicb he had dealt me at the hall dnor, followed up by a kick upon the shins, as ho staggered backwards and fell literally yelling with agony. The mare snorted and began to move, Snatching thc reins, I sprang into the gig ; and had jnst cleared the yard as George Wintock caine rushing out to ascertain tho causo of the disturbance. 