BIBLE IN STATI ,SCHOOLS LEAGUE. A' publio meeting in connection with the above league, and with the view of forming a -branch league was held in the New Presbyterian School room, Alma-road, St. Kilda, last Tuesday evening; Mr. O Gillespie in the chair. After a prayer by the Rev. S. Ironside, The Chairman said Sir James sI'Oullooh would have presided had he not been prevented from ittending by the advice of his medical adviser. He then read a letter from that.'gentleman, wherein lie stated that the necessity for the religious training of the young was without dispute with thinking men, and unless it was provided for by some means the outlook of the future of the colony was black indeed. If parents would discharge the duty of religious training, the evil which was now to be met would.be avoided; on them rested the responsibility of caring not only for the temporal but also the spiritual wants of their offspring. But he sus pected'the religious training in the family in tile bulk of the community was insuficiently carried out. ,Under the Education Act, as it was now interpreted, no religious' instruction could be given in State schools,'not even by the simplest reference to religion, land as the present system has led to the closing of all other schools, the means of imparting knowledge of the truths which are the foundation of all morality could not be done through the class rooms, unless at the Sunday schools. The Sunday schqpls did much good, but they' went but, a small way to meet the requirements of the case. An attempt to meet what was required by a volon tary effort of clergymen and others visiting the schools at certain times for half-an-hour would, in his opinion, be sholt-lived, and he did not see how that siiethod could work satisfactorily in the country districts. Doubtless there were many obstacles to be dvoercbme in ',onnection with the reading of the Bible in State schools, but it was of such vital importainco that hle,felt convinced if the people were made alive to what was wanted, a strong feoling would be eolvoed amongst all classes to demand that at least selected portions of the Bible should be read in State school. In his opinion the members of the league should apply themselves to consider how best to avoid the great injury that, Isad been done to tie community by the appoint. snent of unworthy teachers. IE had been painful to notico the eases of teachers that had of late been oealt with for improper conduct: He trusted the league would be auccssful in bringing abbut such a? alteration as would provide for religious edus nation. Letters of apology were also read from Moessrs. John 1f. Bruce and J. L. Currie, 'in which theo expressed their sympathy with ethe object thle League had in view. The Chairman said that in a self-governing colony such as this the only thing that coudld prevent the peoule drifting into a state ofanarclhy wds religiods principle, and it was most importimt that this should be inculcated in the State schools. It had been said that the clergy had failed to take advan' tage of teaching in the.schools when tiay had an' opportunity of doing so. Thisl(the chairman said) was folly, and referring to ministers visiting the schools to give,rioligious instruction, said the teachers were allowed premiums 'for success in teaching secular parts of education,' but not in coas nection with religious instructio , consequentl.y, misnisters who visited the schools wroe looked upon as enemies by the teachers, as they were thoughit to retard the progress of the pupils in those subjects on which premiums were granted,. Some 30,000 boys and girls were leaving the State schools-ovei.y year, and it was most necessary for the welfare of the colony that they should receive proper religious instruction. The Rev. J. S. Low moved the first resolution, as follows :-" That this meeting, rdalizing the iun portance of bringing the minds df children under the influence of Christian -teahihg, expresses lits sympathy with the League which has been formed, the object of which is ,to secure that the readind,of the Bible without denominational feaching be made a part of the regular State school course, subjec? to a conscience clause." He said the Scriptures ware the foundation of all moral culture, and nothing could supply their place. Seooula education was of great value, but the higher portit6ns of our nature should be developed by religious instruction, and a great wrong had been done to the community, in eliminating the Bible from State eghoole. It was a great insult to God, a stigma upos the very pedple -an insult cast upon the name lof religion. 'the manner in which the various dnominations had come together was a pledge that' the work could' be done without donominational'teacbing. Thegleat thing was to impress Bible truths upon the m;nds of the children. They felt they kere one army of the living. God; striving for one aim, and what they asked was that righteoushees, peace and joy in' the OHolyGhost might be the portion of their children. The Rev. G. Daniel seconded the motion. He:esid itl was necessary that the Leasgue should make their intentions known, as they hkd been misrepre. aented. He felt sure if those iresent were tally imnpressed with the importance of the object in oiew their action would exert such an inlluenoa in St. Kilda as would effect the wh'ole colony. 'The oeaguo had no intention whatever of changing the dharacter of the Education Act, the great principles of which they respected. Their object was, merely o restore the Act to what it was formerly,' and have religioha instruction given to the childrenl He had no doubt that ifa poll of the inhabitants of the tolony was taken a large majority. would be in evour of having religious educuaton. In New South Walds religious instructionwas piiWen in the school9, and if it could be done in'that cplony, it could also !be done hero without injustice.. The motion wee carried. The Rev. S. Robinson moved-" Thtt a branch league be now formed, to be knQwn as the St. Kilda Branch of the ` Bible in State Schools League,' and to be worked in conjunction with the parent society." lie said he had not changel his oifinion since the subject was before them toree years ago. Hie thon declared in fovourof ecriptura lessoni boing given in State schools, and no grant should be given to any denomination; and from these principles -he had not swerved '1The Laeguo had no intention of interfering with the Act, but he eonsideted that' the f' ft of the State school teachers being preclnded from teaching religion was a discredit and a disgrace. The League wanted this stigma removed, ahd the Bible iaught within school hours. It.was tnere twaddle;I it was all nonsense for people to say it was the duty of ministers to impart religious instruction. Hb looked upon it as a defiance of God to prohibit the Rihln from the State schdols: As to eteliticus instruction being imparted after school inu.s, they/ would find, that after the first enthusiasmn.hi?d worn loff, that those gentlemen who eoe visited .the aphools would jo0n themn (thi Leagqe). 'l~oe State fosndd it necessary to en)lpy a truant ooer to maske the children attend sclqol, and it Wao hardly likely that they would stay after sohool-more especially whenoa the parents were not religious. They had large olasseas at St. Ki:da-but the children of the irreligious coiuld not be reaohed in this way. As to any injuticeo that might be done to the Catholice, who complained that they had to pay for the education of their children, hle might just as well complain becuaet he had to pay for the nationol eyetom, though hle did 'not send any children to the State schoql.' It might be a long time or it might be a short time, bat he felt certain that the result of. the movement would be the introduction' of theo'Bibl into Stato schools. In conolusion, the rev. gentlenans said the resolution was brought.forward to prevent centralication-in order that those enrolled ic. each localiry should do t hpir own work,'and know their own strength., Mr .ohn Bggeit.n ,pq~.dgd the ohotion, which was orried." ' ' The Rev. J; L. Ronto l moved "W hat the tol. lowing gentlemen form the committee, with power, to add to their number, vi. :-Revs. Robinson, Low, Daniel, Gillings, Rertoul, Ironeide, Torrance, and Mesare J. White, Oonolbor,' Gillespie; OuCrio, Eggleston, Groves, Jennirfgs, Barry, and Riohard son." Therov. gentleman referred to the laeity n the part of laymen incondeotion with the ohureheo, who appeared to leave the ministers to fight the b ittlapdi thewevro to bee oeaqftq1ti tyel efforts the laymon must' stand side by side and qround their ministers, ann in fron5 if they liked. Ho quoted from Professor Huxley to show the ad vantage of Bible reading as ~a means of education, of forming intority of characteor and acquiring literary knowledgeo. The Bible was the noblest book us a literary and religious power for improving the mind. It had been said that the State had no right to interfere at all with the religion of the people. But this was absurd as it already did so, for in a court of juitico an oith was administered, a conscience clause being provided for those who objected, who coild mhake a. allicmation. This law was made for the Inajority, who were entitled to` rule. And witlh respect to bible reading in State schools the majority were in favor of it, and'they ought to have thleir way, a conscience clause being provided. He did not believe very much good was done by Sunday'sohbol teaching without there was daily. teaching to back it up, either at home or at school; and as for the clergy imparting religious instruction in the, the State schools it would be impossible in thin codntry didtricts. The Rev. W. J. ýGillings seconded the motion which was car'ried. Notwithstanding that the chairman stated he would give evern liberty of discussion, and submit any amondmonte, all the resolutions were carried without a dissentient. 