EATAL ACCIDENT TO CHILDREN AT SUN DERLAND. The appalling calamity at Sunderland on Satur day, June 16th, is one of those marked national dis asters which can never be forgotten. The Victoria Hall is a large and well-built struc- ture, with more than usually convenient modes of ingress and egress. It had been used through last week by the Blue Ribbon Army, but on Saturday a different entertainment was given. The following tickets were distributed among the schools of Sun derland, by the manager of the Company: — ' Victoria Hall, Sundeeland (on Saturday f Afternoon at 3 o'clock.) School Ticket. _ ' The Fays., from the Tynemouth Aquarium, will give a Grand Day Performance for Children. The greatest treat for children ever giveu. Conjuring, Talking Waxworks, Living Marionettes, the Great Ghost Illusion, &c.; 'This Ticket will admit any number of Children on payment of One JPenny each. Reserved Seats, 2d Nurse or Parent with Children, 3d. ' ' Frizes.— Every Child entering the room will stand a chance of receiving a handsome Present Books, Toys, &c.; ' I his entertainment has been witnessed by thou sands of the delighted children throughout England.' It proved a fearful trap baited for the poor chil dren, though without the slightest intention of wrong or neglect. The children ran in crowds,, much in terested in the prospect of the gifts, aud a&out; 5000 of them assembled. At the conclusion of the entertainment the prizes began to be distributed about the hall, and the chil- dne,1ijnittie £allei7 £ot excited, fearing that they should have none. A call, some say, was given, at all events a cry was raised, to go into the hall. They rushed down the first flight, raced along the passage, turned round and descended the next flight, and were in the passage where the door was. Here they met a man who had prizes to distribute to them, and the door was either partly or wholly closed, apparently to slacken the stream. The real state of the case has, however, not yet been xg ascertained. It is certain, however, that eventually the door was fixed by the bolt a little open, and the pressure of the mass of children twisted the bolt, and it was opened too late with the greatest difficulty. When effective relief came the unfortunate little sufferers were a horrible spectacle. There was an inextricable tangle of bodies, most of whom were past help, some having died in a terrible death struggle, some having sunk into unresisted suffocation. The death of 180 is but the unit of measurement of a mighty grief. May God comfort the sorrowing and touch those untouched, except by sympathy, by this awful event! O afternoon, that darkens all the June ! O house of mirth, a house of mourning made ! Sweet Innocents ! your mother-land laments To see so many opening flowers so quickly fade ! Their childish glee 'twere gladness then to see, And hear their laughter as they climbed the stair ; Bright eyes move quick to note each conjuring trick — What power, and grace, and loye was gathered there ! What then ? what then ? A tale too sad for men — Men far away on Earth's remotest bound ; A hurried rush — an awful stifling crush — And loved ones, lately kissed, death-trodden on the ground ! Two of the hapless band, hand clasped in hand, Lovely in life, in death were not apart ; In the dread heap the two lay fast asleep, Hand still in hand, a sight to melt the heart / Jesus, O why must these sweet flowerets die ? Could not Thine Arm arrest the impending doom ? We know it could — yet didst Thou see it good Thus, for thine ends, to let these lambs be gathered Home .' It must be well — and, as the mournful knell Peals o'er the land, amazed and stricken soi'e, Tells their hard lot in palace and in cot,' Sadder and wiser, we, Thy Wisdom still adore .' A life we owe, and hence we needs must go, Paying the debt — one soon, anothet late — The when, the how, we leave to Thee, and how Meeklv to Thv blest will, Good Arbiter of Fate ! G-. S. OuTRASf. 