THE REAL ORIGINAL MRS. BROWN AT THE SEMAPHORE. TO THE EDITOR. MISTER EDITOR,-Sur—I take the liberty of writing to you, as the sayin' is, to inquire what right anybody 'as to use my name, leastwise, as f °On Thursday Brown says to me, ses he, Martha, dear will you come to a comic entertainment at the Port to-night 'i So, ses I, never thinking as Brown meant nothing as not used to such loving speeches, altho' a rogish look in his eye, 111 go, but what's up now 1 as is the colonial style, though, as Mrs Jones says, style aiut much, which, as I knows now' when people is called haristokracy and nobs, as the Kayin' is, thy' used to be servants at home, uot as how servants aiut often better than their missuses, as often goes gadding about with showy outsides, but nothing in 'em. Howsomevcr Brown and I had a early tea and went to the train, although rather timid, as is uot comfortable with a broken l e ,r or wuss, as young Sprigg who had his eye knocked out and £2,000 from Government as rumed him as took to drink and wetted the other eye, as the sayin' is, as died in a' asylum. We were just iii time to ketch the train through liurryin Brown, is went into the refreshment room as I dont approve of, a talking to hussies and eatin' tarts, which is antebilious, so says I, come along or I shan't go, so lie pushes me into a smoking carriage, as I can't abcar, making a furniss of hisself, a choking people as flops right into the lap of a youug man as drops his pipe and hollers out]" the dam " as couldn't be seen from the station, which is a fine body of water, as the saying is at present, but is gettin' filled up. I bears a party mention my name, so'I pricks up me ears and lissens, says he, she's going to give it 'em to-night, so thinks I. Brown you wretch, if you're leading me to a' ambuscade I'll never forgive you, as will have a divorce and separate maintenance, tho' not a holdin' with America or Continent ideas, as felt that vexed a bein' talked of in a railway carriage, and one of the tender eex as said to Brown, where are your feeliu's a husliau'? They're all right, ses he, shut up, as felt that savage I could a pitched him through the carriage winder as is murder in the first degree, so I holds my tongue and nursed my wrath, as the sayin' is, to keep it warm. When we got to the Town Hall the door keeper ses, go round to the back please, Mrs. Brown, to the stage door, so ses I a brtdlin' up and givin' Brown a disdainful glance—Aint you took front seat tickets ? Of course ses Brown, showing 'em. Come along. The doorkeeper smiled and bowed to smooth me down as the sayin' is, which as got a little sperrit of my own as I says to Mrs. Jenkcns—My dear you want more sperrit, as is set upon by her Iiusban' dredful as wouldn't live with a tyrant as is worse than the zoological gardens. There was lots of people in the hall as loves a bit of scandal as kep' a lookin' round at me as if I was a Exibition so I ses to Brown, see I—What are they all a lookin' at me for which ie not considered polite as is always clean and decent and seven eliildren all brought up; and rates and taxes paid. Ses he, wait and see, which is very good advice tho' not a holdin' with mystery as dont believe in them table turnin' things, and Missis Guppy a floating thro' the air as is too fat. Just then there was a clappin' of hands and lookin' up I ses a individual with a eye glass and dressed like a parson, seB I, Brown is he goin* to sing a comic song ? as don't believe in persons dressin' up as Ministers to sing comic songs as ain't no good in their purfession—Hush—ses Brown he's coin' to 8av sumthin', Lor, ses I, as thought he d begin with Christian friends, instead of ladies and gentlemen, as said that there were some people at the Semaphore as ought to be showed up but being a christian he couldn't do it hisself as would interduce Mrs. Brown to them as would tell all about it. When I hears him speak of me like that I jumps up and shakes my umbrella at him, but Brown pulls me down which I should a fainted if I hadn't got my basket as I felt that nonplushed, which a cordial revives one so, as brought Mrs. Trimmer back from the grave as the sayin' is. When I come round I couldn't believe my eyes as who should I see on the platform but a female dressed as like me as two peas as the sayin' is, which is forgery and ought to be took up as wore a white wig, as is misrepresentation, as never wore a wig in my life as has hair as Brown Bed when a courting, as black as the Raven's wing. I felt that took aback I thought I'd gone out of my seven senses. When the female began to speak, her voice was that weak as couldn't be heard past the front row as was friends, so I disguised myself in my other shawl and scrouged up to the other side of the platform which I never heard such roddermonted as the purfessor calls it as is a insult to me as prides myself on my grammar, as has spoken to the Queen and the Mayor of Port Adelaide. As turned out to be the Parson's wife as didn't ought to appear on a platform, leastways be seen and not heard. aB is taught at school—says she. They wants a minister to live on air (which of course three hundred and thirty a year ain't enough), let alone pay your debts with, as is what parsons oughtn't to be expected to do, or speak the truth as I heard in the train after the roddermonted was done as was that sick with sandhill savages inviting ministers to have a pipe and grog with 'em, as is all very well for savages, but shouldn't visit the poor and sick]as couldn't be expected—let alone the boys in the hulk as ain't got no human instincts like sandhill savages as runs down them as bore the heat and burden of the day, as the sayin' is, and did their duty in their state of life as the kattekism ses, as should have Christmas dinners sent to 'em and never mind the poor, as lives on subscriptions and don't pay their tradesmen as don't deserve no consideration. Thinks I, Mrs. Brown number two, if you heard all as I did in the train, you won't try to dress up like me again as knows what side my bread's buttered as the sayin' is, as never makes a fool of myself though, Brown|holds the contrary which his mind is weak, and a good wife is a tower of strength, as he wanted to argue logically, which is all nonsense as Mrs. Bender says, says she, confound your logic, gh e me common sense, as suits lawyers and such like, which common sense suits everybody as went home to bed—tho' not given to dreams as supper ain't good for. as sees my own ghost with white hair a lookin* in and sayin' spiteful things of people which a little drops of sperrits is recommended as sends you to sleep and wakes up all right in the mornin' as bright as a button, as the sayin' is. Awaiting to know what I shall do to stop sich goins on, I am, Sur, Your Humble Servant to command, MARTHA BROWN. 