PENOLA, (Prom our Fat Contributor.) July 80, EXCITING DISCOVERY. While reclining at mine ease beneath the hospitable roof of my " goot vriend " the genial host of that well-known hostelrie, where good accommodation is provided for man and baste, the Royal Oak, a littlo incident occurred that caused no small commotion for the timo amongst our quiet folka ; and as a matter of fact, at the time of writing tho excitement has not as yot subsided, for small groups of worthy people may be heard in various places discussing, with great earnestness, tho pros and cons of the knotty question. Now " to laugh and grow fat" is a saying that has been attributed to one of the wise men of Goshen, but to which of the ven< erablo sages I have no means of ascertaining; i nevertheless, if there is any truth in the old saw, I am in a fair way of developing a rotundity 01 waist and "stomak" that will shortly qualify me for the position of a chairman of council or the mayor of a municipality ; for the amount of cachinuatiou that I have indulged in during tbe last few days has been sufficient to have awakened the seven sleepers; and all this guff awing has been occasioned by the vigilauce of a well-known citizen in making tho discovory as mentioned at the head of this letter, or rather as will be fully detailed in the course of my truthful narrative. Our worthy friend, who ia possessed of a somewhat philosophic as well as a far-seeing turn of mind, had, it appears, em ployed sundry atalwart, hard-working bipeds for the purpose of turning over tho rich soil of the ground at tho back of the old bank, preparatory to the formation of a garden, with an eya to the future enioyment of green peas, combined with roast duck and salads with Stilton cheese, as also the growth of many others of the well-known tribes of tho vegetable world, for tho delectation of himself and friends. During the afternoon of Monday last, whilst these industrious men, bathed in perspiration from their exertions in the interest of their employer, wero busily engaged in turning over the soil, they suddenly, to their horror aud amazement, came upon the remains of a child buried about 15 inches below the surface. Heaveoe I here was a bombshell to be thrown into the midst of a Qod-fearing people and csohowcrs of evil, such as we have always prided ourselves on being. "A child buried in a garden I" No soonor was the ener* getio future consumer of peas and pork made acquainted with the fact than he at once, with his usual prompt business habits, wired the astounding intelligence both far and sear, and lost no time in obtaining soientifio evi dence as to the age and sex of the dear departed, the opinion Riven beino that the bones were those of a child between six and seven years of age, and had been below the surface of tlie ground for some fifteen summers, more or less. Our energetic guardians of the peace were then communicated with, and the vigilant Corporal having provided himself, at liia own expense, with a brand new lolly tin, at once proceeded to the spot to commence the collection of the sad relics, aud with ail due reverence and respect placed them ia the re« ceptaole that erstwhilo had oontained the BweetB so dear to childhood days, amidst the stifled sniffling of those around, at the untimely end of one so young and fair. It is somewhat difficult to moralise upon the depth of feeling that is occasionally displayed when least ex pected, even that usually stern Corporal, the terror of all larrikins and evil doers, was visibly affected whilst the last relics of mortality in lus trembling hands rattled against the tin with a sound that reminded one of the dragging of the ghost chaius, as described in the story boobs we delighted in when we were young. While iutently watching the curling smoke from the calumet of peace as it wreathed itself into fantastic shapes ere vanishing into thin air my reverie was suddenly interrupted by the entrance of the exoited proprietor of the garden, who was closely followed by the collector of the bones, with his ghastly burden under his arm. " Have you heard the news?" shouted the stalwart man of peas, almost stifled with emotion. " Shall do, my friend, when you tell me," was the sententious reply. " What is it ?" " Just found the bones of a child while digging in the garden I" " Is it possible," I ex claimed, as they were duly exhibited for my inspection. "This," oxolaimed our well* known citizen, with a solemnity of countenanoa befitting the occasion, " is the thigh bone of tho dear innocent; and here's where it fitted into the socket; there's the shoulder bone, and that is the vwrticwlua moribmdibm that runs down the back {he's a bit of an anatomist) and these are cartilages that hold together the-* the-" and with that lucid explanation the twain deported inteut upon further discoveries, Now, being naturally a man of an inquiring turn of mind, I determined to have ocular demon stration of the fact before wiring the important news and, therefore, at once proceeded to the spot where the excited crowd from all quarters had already collected, while the sight that met my sorrowing gaze stirred even my old heart to its very depths. There were frantic individuals, some with coats and some without, and many minus their shirts, digging as if their very lives depended upon their oxertionB. Suddonly a hoarse shout arose from the capacious chest; of that now well-known and from henceforth and for ever immortalized citizen and discoverer of the foul deed. "There!" ho exolaimed, as tho head of a small tomahawk was unearthed and presented to my view. " There," bo once again exolaimed, as the emotion stood in beads upon his noble brow, " there's the murderous weapon which deprived the dear innocent of life and its parents of their blooming bud and hope of future joys I" Again the digging was renewed with greater excitement than before, when a shrill cry from the Corporal announced that a further discovery had been made, and stooping low he reverently raised the skull of tho small victim of man or woman's insane passion, and amidst the breathless silence and bared beads of the surging crowd the sad emblem of mortality was placed in my trembling hands, while tho hushed spec tators who were possessed of pocket- handker chiefs allowed them to remain, while those who hadn't any left them where they were. Shading mine eyes that my emotion might not be Been, I gazed sorrowfully upon the last remnant of mortality that was before me, and addressing the well known citizen in mournful tones, I re marked, "Take it, my friend, for having aroused the whole population of the town by a false alarm. You will for all time be recognised as the worthy finder of a mare's nest and the disoovererof a kan-ga-roo dog's skull I" The shout of laughter that rent the air at the disgust of tho owner of the lolly tin as he discharged its con tents into the hole at his feot is something to be remembered, and the crowd of greybeards and boys leaving the worthy citizen to his reflections, took their departure for their various domiciles inusing upon the mutability of things in general, and kangaroo dog bones in particular. So Mr. James Carey, from Dublin, has beet^ " disposed" of, according to the Watch, at* the price of a pistol bullet, and certainly no i miscreant erer more deserved an ignominious fate than tbe blood stained criminal, for such be was, whose death is now reported. Although not an admirer of tbe sanguinary means by which Carey lost his life, there are but few persons, I apprehend, that will not but agree that the retributive justice which he so sum marily received was well deserved, and the world will feel better and purer that such a monster haB been swept on its face. Carey duly earned tbe fate that be has met with, and outside thoBe who have the misfortune to be allied there will be few to shed a pitying tear or offer up a kindly prayer on bis behalf, Those who have read the evidence given by the scoundrel day by day in the Dublin courts, foe the purpose of sending his former associates to the BcaSold, cannot but feel that he has met with a just punishment for the atrocious orimes with which he was connected, and it-is to be hoped that if others of his fraternity have, as reported, made their way to this colony, their reception will be sufficiently warm to induce them to make tracks to a more congenial dime Tor miscreants of their kidney than South Aus* iralia is likelv to Drove. Our Yankee couaina are admirable fellows at inventing, or discovering mare's nests, which, it is fervently to be hoped, may be the case with their latest information with regard to Her Majesty's health and state of raina, The inslnu« ation is that she is likely to develope similar ten* denotes to those of her grandfather, George III. Should suoh unfortunately prove to be the caso it will be a sad ending to a long aud prosperous reign, and a still sadder blow to her faithful and ftUftCBQd BUb^QCUt 