$mthg UltaDiitg. SENT :BMf j&JgB; ANQELS. TBy Frederick Iangbridge.! ? 'AlitHebitqueer'— My Mary! 'Her roof not quite in renair !' And it's tftct, sou think, -with a nod and wink, As yon sit in my easy chair 1 Drop it, I say, old feller— Drop it, T tell yon, do. Or language, I doubt, X shall soon let oat I'd rather not use to jou. Shake bands, and I ex yonr pardon ; Twas chaffing I knowed joa were ; Bat a, bint or a slnr or a joke on her Is a thirg I can't abear. ♦ And what itshe has her fancies* 'Why, so has us all, old chap ; Uot many's the roof as is reg'iar proof If a bit of a whim's a gap. She's up to tte nines, my Mary ; lord bless her, she keepg us light ! If s up with her gown and the house scrubbed down As certain as Friday night. Is it rheumatiz, cough, inmbager S Is anything queer inside ? SliJU. ohysic you up with a sup in a cap As tickles the doctors pride. Isit mending of socks or trousers, Or starching your best cravat 5 Xb it letting alone the joint with the bone, And choosing the goose that' s ias 2 Sfcebasn'ther likes, my Mary— And never put out nor riled; She hasn't a fad, and she never hai— Excepting about the child. Sixyears we -was wed, and over, And nevera cradle got — Ana nowheres, I swear, a more dotinger pan On baby and tiny tot ; So when of a winter morning At last we was 'ma and dad. Ko Bnjal Princess had the welcome, I guess, - \- '- ' As our little stranger had. Lord, wasn't she Christmas sunshine . ' To gladden the childless place ! She was nothing in size, with tremenjou? eyes, \- And the oldest-fashioned face. She'd stare at the folks that knowing, laid over the nurse's knee, : As I'd laugh, and I'dsay, in a joking way, ? \ ?. 'She'a older nor you nor me.' : And wasn't she nuts to Mary ! Just picter her, them as can. ,_ A-doing her best with her mother's breast For Alexandrina Ann ! It was so as we'd named the baby, By way of a start in life, From parties, I knew, as could help her through — Ihe Queen and my uncle's wife. f And wasn't the baby feted! She lay in her bassinet With muslin and lace on her tiny face, As ever growed smaller yet. But it wasn't in her lace nor coral . - To bribe her to linger here; J looks in her eyes, and ' She's off,' I sighs, . 'She's off to her proper sp'ere.' , Her treasures was an around her, But she was too wise and grave For the pug on the shelf and, as big as hsrself, The doll as her grandma gave. She wanted the stars for playthings, ' Our wonderful six- weeks' guest; So. with one little sigh, she closed her eye, And woke on a hangers breast. And bow did the missis take it? Most terrible calm and mild ; \- With a face a'most like a bloodless ghost ' - She covered the sleeping child. There was me, like a six-foot babby, . A blubbering long and loud, ? -- 'Whilelfhe sat there in the rocMng-cliair ?.:.-? .- A-sewing the little shroud. : -: 1 couldn't abids to see it— The look in her tearless eye; . ' I touches her eo, and I whispers low *? My darlingest can't you cry ?' : ' She gave me a smile for answer, Then over her work she bowed ; '? - And all through the night her needle bright Was sewing the little shrou i. ?; ??? ' In the grey ef the winter morning The sun like a. ball of fl line ' Sent up like a toy by a trhiitling boy The mite of a coffin came. :. He reckoned it only a plaything — ?-,.-? a drum or a horse and cart— ' The box that bad space, O Father of Grace, ? To bury a mother's heart ! Great God, such a shaller coffin, And yet so awful deep ! I placed it there by the poor wife's chair, And I thinks, ' at last shell weep.' But she rose with never a murmur As calm as a spectre thin, 'And— waxy and cold, and so light to hold She places the baby in. Then, moving with noiseless footfall, She reaches from box and shelf She little 'un's mug, and the china pug, And the doll that was big as herself. Then— God ! it was dread to watch her— All white in her crape-black gown, ?With her own cold hands, my Mary stands And fastens the coffin down. I earned the plaything cjffin, Tucked Tinder my arm just so ; And She stood there at the head of the stair, And quietly watched as go. So parson he comes in his nigh'gown, And sajs that as grass is man; And earth had trust of the pinch of dust That was Alexandrina Ann. T was trying to guess the riddle [ never conld answer pat — 'VThaitheWisdom and l-pve as is planning above Could mean by a life like that ; And I'd got my foot on the doorstep, When, scaring my mournful dream, Shrill, wild and clear, there tore on my ear The sound of a manyac scream. The scream of a raving manyac But, Father of Death and Life ! I listened and knew, the madness through, The voice «f my childless wise. One moment I clutched and staggered, Then down on my bended knee, And up to the sky my wrestling cry Went «p for my wife and me. X went to her room and found her; She sat on the floor, poor soul ! Two burning streaks on her death pale cheeks, And eyes that were gleeds of coaL _ ? And now she would shriek and shudder, And now she would laugh aloud, v And sow for a whUe, with an awful smile, She'd sew at allictle shroud. Bear lord, through the day and darkness. Dear Lord, through the endless night, T sat at her side, while she shrieked and cried, And I thought it would ne'er be light. And still, through the blackness thronging With shares that was dread to see, My shuddering cry to the God on high Went up for my girl and me. At last, through the winder, morning Game glimmering cold and pale ; And, faint but clear, to my straining ear Was carried a feeble wail. I went to the door in wonder. And. there, in the dawning day, I All swaddled and bound in a bundle roend, A sweet little baby lay. It lay on the frosty doorstep, A peart little two-months' child ; Dnmf onnded and slow I raised it so, And it looked in my face and smiled. And so, as I kissed it and loved it, Zgrajuly growed aware As the father in bliss had sent us this, The answer to wrestling pray'r. in wonder and joy and worship, With tears that were soft and blest, I carried the mite, and, still and light, 1 laid 5t on Mary's breast. I didn't know how she'd take it, So goes on an artful tack : £**: ._?/?- ** The BttJe'un cried for her mother's side, jfi:. An&thehangels; has sent her back!' * y^- - ' My Cod ! I shall ne'er forget is, ~/:,:-:.- . . Thongh spared for a hundred years— -?: :.'?? : - The soft delight on her features white, sfcV The rush of her blissful tears. %fV - The eyes that was hard and vacant %.' ?'-?':?«? IBrew wonderful sweet and mild, \S,-/J: ' As she cries, 'Come rest on your nmnmy's £?-* ?:?- . breast. . £?.:-?' ! My own little hangel chad !' &$?='?'?? '?-'?? And eo from that hour jny darling y-'; - Grew happy and strong and well ; if ?: ; And the joy that I felt as to God I knelt {?&;'? ' Is what I can noways telL s:V There's parties as sneers and tslls you zSi-'t-. There's nothing butclonds up there; ££. : I answers '«m so, ' There's a God. I know, [if.,./. And a Father that heareth pray'r.' '-??'?- And what if my Mary fancies ?i ?:*. ?'?'' He babe is a child of light — t--'r'-.' Our own little dear sent back to us here— r^; And maytft she be somewhere right ; ?:y . Here. Mary, my darling, Mary - ^'??:--, A friend has come in to town ; ? '.?-' Don't mind for her nose nor changing her clo'es, v ??;??'. But bring ns the hangel down. 