dn0lis| gtektys. POLITlCAL,aSOCIAL, & RELIGIOUS UFE AT HOME. No. XXIX.— Salvation Abmy Develop ments. * [From our London Correspondent] No faithful future historian of English social life in 1SS2 will omit elaborate reference to the Salvation Army movement Springing originally from the patient unaided efforts of a single enthusiastic and sincere man, who perceived a crying want in our system of re ligious and social education, and whose heart was moved to strenuous action by tbe sight of . the neglected poor, this Salvation Army has now expanded to proportions truly enormous, ana, gaming vitai iorue as iii pruueeas, is exerting an influence quite marvellous. The mass of the degraded and outcast, usually considered unimpressionable and intangible by better things, it has reached ; and not simply reached, but also stirred to the very depths. Pursuing aims purely' unselfish, and involving the utmost self-sacrifice and self-abasement on the part of its active propagators, it has enlisted the sympathies of the 'poor and wretched, and, working by the power of love and devotion, has touched those chords of good and healthy sentiment which exist in even the lowest hearts, but -which respond little to the appeals of fear and of cold exhortation. By going in amongst the most debased and compelling them to hear what they have to say ; by sub mitting with an appearance of gladness to the vilestjcontumelyof Whitechapelruffianism; by using converted drunkards and criminals as engines of persuasion against their former associates ; in a word— by their earnestness, patience, and sincerity, the Salvationists have been, and are still increasingly, effect ing ends which must in the main command the sympathy of all lovers of broad morality. To accomplish these purposes the Salvationists have had to employ means quite new ; th e desperate disease of immorality and irreligiousness amongst the lower classes has called for destwrate remedies. Consequently the methods which the Army has adopted its processions, its banners, its hymns set to rollicking tunes of unsavory association, and above all its unrestrained licence of language in familiarising things sacred— have struck strangely and discordantly upon the ear of tbe educated persons whose views the ordi nary pulpit and the press represent, and very diverse are the opinions held respecting the mode in which tbe campaign of the Salvation Army is conducted. Many persons do not hesitate to loudly condemn the whole move ment as promotive of blasphemy ; others, more generous and less biassed by adhesion, to constituted forms, admit the vast good which the Army is doing, but fear that the zeal of its adherents will land them eventually in such extravagances as must make their proceedings, if not harmful, at least of but small moral effect Probably the majority of Englishmen adopt £he latter view. Extrava gance is the rock upon which the organisa tion is in danger of making shipwreck. In this article I propose to note, chiefly by way of extracts, reasons for this apprehension, and in a succeeding article to report a con versation with ' General ' Booth wherein he expressed to me some opinions as to the Army. At this time, then, as to the latest develop, ment of the Salvation movement. Every one knows that the disciple frequently runs ahead of the teacher j tbe Salvation bands unques tionably have gone in advance of the measure of sensationalism with which the General set out ; and it would seem — [Inhere give my per. onal impression and am in no wise repre senting ueneral isooths worasj— tnat tne leaders of the movement are being borne onwards by a tide of subordinate zeal and un restrained enthusiasm which they either can not check or do not on the whole think it politic to seek to check. Each succeeding issue of the War Cry appears to excel its predecessor in the extravagant wildness of its allusions to and descriptions of the results of the Army work, and the contributors drive the conductors more and more rapidly aJoDg the road of sensationalism, tinged with blasphemy, just as a runaway railway engine with constantly accelerating speed draws after it, willing or unwilling, the carriages behind. The aim of the Salvationists, who in myriad numbers are working throughout the country, appears to be not to em ploy such a measure of sensationalism as shall sufficiently arouse attention, but rather to achieve the highest^ possible height in the competition of sensationalism, quite irrespective of the actual needs of the case. Here is a specimen of a placard posted recently at Bristol by the chief of the local 'corps:' — 'On Monday No. 5 Battery (Bristol) King's Boyals, who are bound for the better land, will hold the Thornbury Fort. Calvary's big gun will be manned by tbe united forces. Hed-hot shot and shell will be freely supplied from Heaven's ammu nition store. The attack will commence in the barracks at 7 p.m., when Major Sowerby will conduct a holiness fusil lade, assisted by Captain. Nilson and others. At 5 p.m. a teapot parade ; tickets Od. each. At 7 p.m. songs, solos, sermons. The Saviour will offer salvation to seeking sinners. The war will be continued by the local battery until the Judgment Day.' This is unquestionably extravagant ; if the authors of it were not men who, like the Puritans of 2C0 years ago, are ' terribly iu earnest,' and who have sacrificed everything for the move ment in token of their sincerity, we should call it a burlesque. But here is another specimen concerning which a controversy has arisen in the Times. Canon Girdlestone, of Bristol, declares that the words were seen by him in a War Cry, but he destroyed the paper 'lest its blasphemy should come into the hands of his family,' and consequently lie can not give proof positive on the point General Bcoth denies that the lines ever appeared in the War Cry, and challenges their produc tion. The fact probably is, agreeably to what I have suggested, that the words were used by the Bristol Salvationists without the direct authorisation of head-quarters. The words are the refrain of a hymn, sung to the tune of *' We won't go home till morning,' &c.; I ask you, -with reluctance, to print such lines, but it is necessary that they should appear :— ' For He's a jolly good Saviour, For He's a jolly good Saviour, For He's a jolly good Saviour, Which nobody can deny.' Upon this point I will give the General's personal explanation in my second article. One more illustration is from the War Cry of November 4. It professes to represent a ' Salvation Spectacle ' at the ' Eagle' in the City -road, on'a recent Sunday night :— ' No. 1. A Mary Magdalene, in appearance similar to the one from whom th£Saviour cast out seven devils. She was. clothed in rags and tatters, and while pleading and agonising for mercy Jesus of Nazareth passed by and set her free. No. 2. A respectably- dressed lady was at her side pleading earnestly for mercy. No. 3. A young rough, with hair closely cropped, was onrflQminrr fr\v mpiv.v lilro ft Turk- TVVv 4. A boy of about seven or eight years of age. It was a touching scene to see bis little sister come and kneel down by his side, and with her arms round his neck point him to Jesus. Nos. 5, C, 7, and S. A group of deaf and dumb sinners, one of whom having been previously saved, through the alphabetical instruction of bis wife, was during the servicebusily engaged with his hands and with earnest face, longing eyes, and quickly-moving fingers, interpre ting to bis three deaf and dumb companions. When the invitation was given to the mercy seat he led tliem all forward, with joy beam ing on his face. He then in their own language pleaded -with, them, and pointed them to the Saviour, and when Jesus looked in compassion upon them and forgave them their joy was un speakable. They afterwards gave their testi mony upon their fingers, which was interpre ted to the congregation, while a deafening shout of praise went up to heaven for the tiiumplis witnessed. The remainder of the penitcnt-ferm was filled up w.-th all sorts of Binners, and altogether one of the most thrill ing scenes ever witnessed took place.' A form of extravagance which is perhaps not in itself Bpcci&lly; undesirable, but which yet indicates an overstrained tendency, is shown by a notice in the War Cry of November 9. In ancient times we read how when the Roman Bepablic was hard presscdalawwaspassed to restrict the quantity of jewellery which the Roman ladies might wear to the smallest proportions, to the end that the treasury might be re plenished. General Booth has taken the hint ; not only does he himself live with the utmost economy, and enforce the same rule of self-denial on his officers, but now he demands of his supporters the surrender of their ornaments. The War Cry notice says : — ' More money urgently wanted for rapid advances— Many of our friends have articles that they could well dispense with, such as ornaments, secular books, and a host of other things they delighted in before they got a full Salvation. Will they kindly look them up, sell them, and hand in the proceeds to head-quarters, London, for present neces sities?' And here is a specimen of the out spokenness of the Salvationists. Under the word 'Beware,' in big type, we read: — 'Beware of a man calling himself William Whitfield, and bearing a pass from the Cheltenham Corps. On the strength of the pass we received him, and he was taken home by a brother who boarded him for a fortnight, when he decamped without paying his fort night's board, and without settling with others of whom he had borrowed money.— James Mitcheix, secretary (Glasgow).' Kegular conferences of the ' majors' of the various corps are held, and although the General maintains supreme authority in true autocratic style he listens to the suggestions of his active fellow- workers. Recently it has been decided to start a system of Salvation Army auxiliaries. The published notice says: — 'The more rapid have been the ad vances of the Army the more numerous have been the misrepresentations and slanders of our enemies, who have often succeeded only too effectually thereby in preventing the liberality of those who would otherwise have gladly helped us. The object of this league is to link our friends in one united body to defend and assist in supplying an increase of funds to carry forward the precious work of saving souls,- with which we are determined wholly to occupy ourselves, no 'matter what may be said or done around us. The auxiliaries will help to preserve us in this single-eyed devotion to the great charge com mitted to us by prayer and sympathy, the publication of facts, and by either col lecting not less than ten shillings per quarter, or subscribing annually one guinea* Those who become members of the league, however, are not necessarily pledged to ap prove all the methods and measures adopted by the Salvation Army, or to endorse all it teaches, but as being in hearty sympathy with the objects of the Army, and convinced of the reality andlnagnitude of the results of the movement in the salvation of thousands of the ,people. It is our intention to supply every member of this league with a small monthly leaflet, containing details of the Army's latest advances, the acquisition of propci ty, and contradictions and explana tions of the more recent and important mis representations concerning] us. We shall furnish the collectors with, cards, bearing the official authorisation and recognition of head quarters, and the subscribers with tickets, indicating their membership of the auxiliary force. We are trusting that by this scheme we shall raise a permanent and large income for the Army, and above all secure the earnest and united prayers and cooperation of thousands of our friends. May we put down your name as one of them?— Yours faithfully, WrttXiM Booth.' The income of the Army is already large ; for the current year it will probably be £70,000. But so rapidly are the operations of the Army ex tending that new demands incessantly arise. Nor are large donations wanting. Recently a well-wisher gave £2,000, and the army at once began to erect a local hall to cost £4,009. A favorite plan is to appeal to supporters for loans towards building halls 'at fair in terest' Perhaps one of the greatest causes of the success of the movement is the admirable energy which is thrown into its financial arrangements by the General. It would be easy to give columns of quota tions in illustration of the tendency towards extravagance on the one hand and of the vast amount of real good being achieved on the other hand. Perhaps an extract from an address by the Bishop of Lincoln will not be amiss : — 'Let us not be angry with the Salvation movement. Let us admire and imitate its zeal ; and let us examine ourselves. The ' Salvation Army' is a practical rebuke to us alL We call our selves a Catholic, Apostolic Church. But what is i&e.result; of our work? Look at our own diocese. In the year 18S0 the numbers confirmed in Nottingham and its suburbs, containing a population of lbb,lKX) souls, amounted only to 651 persons. In the year 1881 they amounted to 52S persons; in both cases the far greater proportion were females. A similar tale would be told by other great towns. And the spiritual condition of England and Wales in this respect has been already described. This being the case we need not be surprised that a form of religion like that of the ' Salvation Army' should have appeared among us, and should have produced a marvellous impression on our people. What then is to be done ? Are we to surrender our principles, and to accept a form of religion which preaches Chris tianity without a church, without a ministry, without creeds, without sacraments, without any definite sense of Holy Scripture— in a word, without the means of grace instituted by Christ, and by which the Holy Spirit has vouchsafed to work for eighteen hundred years? No ; this we cannot do. We cannot accept such a religion as sets at naught these principles, and declares that it does not design or desire to gather persons together into the fold of Christ's church, but forgets Christ's prayer that all may be one as J±e and the father are one (John xvii. 21) ; and disobeys those pre cepts which are set down by the Holy Spirit, speaking by the Apostle St Paul in the fourth chapter of his Epistle to the Ephesians, declaring that unity in the mystical body of Christ is the aim and end of all true Evangelisation. We cannot accept such a form of religion as teaches people, especially at its ' holiness meetings,' sometimes it is to be feared, tainted by the licentious sensuality of gnosticism, to think that they can snatch salvation by some spasmodic act of personal self-assurance, and which seems to substitute religious emotions and paroxysms — produced by sensational music — and rapturous ecstasies and enthusiastic rhapsodies, intermingled with the holiest names and most sacred words, set to the tune of comic ballads and caught up by children playing in the streets, so as to grieve and provoke the Holy Spirit by irreverence and profaneness, leading to impiety and it may be to blasphemy. We cannot accept such things in the place of sound faith and holy worship, and of patient perseverance in well doing, and of 'steadfast continuance in the Apostles' doctrine aud fellow ship and breaking of bread and prayers,' according to the primitive pattern received from the Holy Ghost Himself (Acts iu 4). We know that feverish excitement in religion is often followed by languor arid exhaustion, and by an ague-fib of indifference, and by spiritual collapse and prostration; and we cannot ignore the truths declared by the Holy Ghost in Scripture, that the 'Lord adds to the church such as are being saved' (Acts ii. 47), and that He Himself is not to be looked for in the strong wind rending the mountains and tearing in pieces the rocks, nor in the earthquake and the fire (1 Kings six, 11) of tumultuous meetings swayed by the hurricanes and tornadoes of violent pas* sions, and exploding in the outbursts and thunderstorms of electrifying' ejaculations and enthusiastic acclamations, but in the * still, small voice' of quiet prayer, breathed forth in reverential awe and humble devotion. But while for reasons saih as these we cannot accept the over tures of the Salvation Army, placing itself on a par with the church, and some times asking to be admitted to Holy Com munion at her altars (without any evidence of faith, or even admission to churchmember ship by baptism), we ought to thank God for awakening us by its means from our spiritual slumber, as by a startling alarum, to a ssnse of our shortcomings and our duties, and for pro voking us to godly jealousy, and for warning us agatobt theorising about the church, her episcopate, her priesthood, her sacraments, and her creeds, instead of endeavoring to convert these holy things into living realities and energising agencies, and to make the church, what she desires to be, the spiritual mother of the people. Let us emulate the energy and enthusiasm of those in 'the Salvation Army/ whose hearts God has stirred. Let us pray that they may be joined with us in this holy work.' The bishop's remarks aptly illustrate the general feeling in regard to the Salvationists, People see the good they do, but shrink from the means used. The ultimate test to be ap plied to a religious and social movement is, however, simply this — Is the world better for it or worse for it? Taking this plain stand, and casting a lenient eye upon surroundings which shock the educated and give cause for future apprehension, it must be admitted that the objects of the Salvationists are purely unselfish; that the means they employ are certainly effective; that the results which they accomplish in raising the debased and squalid to the level of humanity are such as no previous system of moral and religions teaching has ever approached, much less equalled. It were wiser perhaps to forget defects in the contemplation of undoubted excellencies. 