%\tt ^it^^zuqtx. Address. ON SOME REASONS FOR THE DISCONTINUANCE OF THE \- USE OF THE ATHANASIAN CREED. (A Paper Read Before the Rural Deanery of Kyneton, by the Rev. W. Charles Ford, 25th January, 1883.) . In the celebrated year of the Greek Kalends the island of Eulabeia was distracted by a controversy which well-nigh destroyed the peace of its inhabitants. The population of the chief town, called Therapeia, had so largely increased that it was necessary to do some thing to improve its principal street. For here a block often occurred during several hours of the day that was the means of several unhappy accidents, and threatened to be the cause of many more. It seems that some hundreds of years after the island had been colonised a shrine had been erected in the very heart of Therapeia to the worship of a favourite goddess, Horiste. It was built something after the fashion of our own late Temple Bar, so that all passengers, whether by foot or vehicle, had to pass under its archway. For many centuries it was the pride and glory of the citizens. They took the most curious interest in pointing out its wonderful architecture to strangers, and they loved especially to dwell on the massive strength of its buttresses. The passage through it, however, . was narrow, and at length the stream of traffic was so enormous that the question arose whether it should not be taken down, and trans ferred to some other quarter of the city, where there was moreroomi The subject was hotly debated. On the one side it was contended that its removal would conduce to greater public safety, and to the increased comfort of all the citizens. This party was nicknamed by its.opponents the Asebastoi ; the rest assumed to themselves the title of Sebastoi. The Sebastoi urged the usage of ages, the impiety that would be shown by its clearance, and how the city would suffer from the displacing of its chief architectural glory. As to a few, lives being lost now and then, they were for the most part of the lower orders ; and as to the public inconvenience, patriotic citizens would feel themselves more than reimbursed by the possession of so august a fane. So the dispute wore, until upon one occasion at a meeting of the Sunoditai, as the city councillors were called, it was determined to send an officer of the court, named Historiographis, to examine into the nature of the buttress and foundations, arid report on the feasibility of shifting them elsewhere. | To his astonishment, Historiographos found that the buttresses were hollow, and that they rested only upon lime-rubbish, and brickbats. It was a marvel that the whole structure had not come down with a; rush years before. The Sunoditai were again gathered together to receive the tidings, and after the Sebastoi had fruitlessly endear voured to prove that Historiographos had been tampered with by the Asebastoi, or was incapable, or that the most frightful results might be expected to follow, it was ultimately resolved that the shrine of Horiste should be deported to the park of Abattologesis. This was done. None of the vaticinations of the Sebastoi followed. j The greatest order prevailed in the city, locomotion was immensely increased, and a large accession to the population followed on the' added facilities for intercourse and movement. ; In this little fable I have tried to show the history of the Athan asian Creed, and to foreshadow a possible result of its discontinued recitation in our Church. I proceed, however, to examine in detail some reasons which, taken together, seem tome to constitute a strong argument against its compulsory use. I I submit that it is not catholic. We shall all admit that the standard of catholicity in regard to any given dogma or creed is its agreement with the formula, 'Quod semper, et nbique, et ab omnibus receptum est.' Tried by this canon the Athanasian Creed is sadlyj wanting. Now, of course, we do not expect to find elaborations of creed or| of ritual in the primitive Church. That there was some symbol goes without saying. But we have a right to assume, and, as a matter of, fact, the universal Church has always assumed, that all 'necessary'1 doctrine had been formulated by the time of the general councils.! Ihe latest of which, generally acknowledged as oecumenical, was the; third of Constantinople, 680. Up to this date the only creed every-! where received was that of Nicsea, 325. But it is a curious thing1 that, even as late as 411, the recitation of no creed took place in the ordinary course of worship. A creed was only publicly used at the; administration of baptism, and it might be that of Nicsea, or one peculiar to individual churches, according to Eusitius' testimony. Prior to this, and for along time afterwards, on other occasions it was recited in secret. By the year 431, the crystallisation of doctrine had been further advanced. The Council of Ephesus (431), after formally asserting the authority of the Nicene Confession, then proceeded to ' denounce all clergy or laity who shall dare to compose another creed.' And in passing I may say I do nob see how, if we accept the authority of general councils, we can reconcile the U8e of the Athanasian Creed with this anathema of the third general council. By the year 536 the Nicene Creed appears to have been generally used at baptism throughout East and West. A long interval elapsed before this venerable confession found a fellow or a rival. Some time, but not long before 800,' we find Alcuin writing to Paulinus of Aquilcia, eulogising a certain work 'as having supplied a symbol of the catholic faith;' the 'very thing,' he says, ' I have so long desired myself, and so often urged upon the king ; . . , plain in meaning, and lucid in phrase, reduced to one compendious form, and given to all priests in each parish to read and commit to memory, bo that everywhere the same faith might be uttered by a multitude of tongues.' Mr. Ffoulkes thinks there is no doubt that the work here referred to was the Athanasian Creed. Mr. Lumby, in his History of the Creeds, arrives at a different solution. He states that the Council of Friuli, which met in 796, was called for the purpose of discussing the doctrines of the Trinity and the incarnation. He quotes Paulinus, who presided at it, as saying — ' ' Far be it from us, as far be it from every faithful heart, to teach or frame another symbol or faith, or in another manner than they (the holy fathers of Nictea) appointed. But according to their meaning we have decreed to deliver in exposition these matters, which haply, on account of the brief statement of the truth, are less understood by simple and unlearned than they ought to be. Here, then, is definite confession of a want which the Quiimnque would have supplied. The symbol by itself is too compendious — it needs exposition ; the unlearned and simple do not understand it ; and for their sakes a longer and more explanatory treatise is to be prepared, adhering to the meaning of the fathers who put forth the full creed. In half a century, or little more, after these words were uttered, it can be shown that our form of the Athanasian Creed was known and used and looked upon as a most satisfactory exposition of the doctrines in debate at Friuli. Can it be believed that if it had been known to Paulinus and the fathers there assembled they would nob have wel comed it as a most excellent comment on the Trinity and the incar nation, and as the most opportune solution of all their difficulties ?' Dr. Swainson is to the same effect — I mean as to the time when the creed clearly emerged in the history of the Church. He says—' We have four or five independent lines of witnesses agreeing in bringing forward the Quicunqne into notice within twenty-five years after Charlemagne's death : — (1) The testimony of quotation ; (2) testi mony of canons ; (3) the testimony of literary collections of creeds or rules of faith ; (4) the testimony of psalters ; (5) test.! mony of versions. . . . That the production of this work under the name of Athanasius was an intentional and deliberate attempt to deceive no reasonable person can question. It was analogous to' the production of the forged decretals.' For what purpose, then, was it composed? No doubt, in answer to the growing consciousness of the Western Church. Arianism had devastated Britain, Gaul, Italy, Spain, and Africa. It had been followed by other heresies, which threatened to stamp out the catholic belief in the Person and Nature of Christ and of the Holy Ghost — by Entychianism, by Apollinarianism, by Nestorianism. A weapon was needed which should extirpate the Greek unsoundness as to the procession of the Holy Ghost. It was an age of definitions. The demand created the supply. Athanasius had done gallant service in the defence of the Homoousion clause in the Council of Nicæa; he was the champion of orthodoxy; what so natural as to stamp his name upon the expression of the doctrines he had foughtfor ? No doubt, according to our present lights, we should call this impos ture ; but we are not to be too hard on the fathers of the eighth arid ninth centuries. With them it probably seemed an easy and a justifi able step to denominate by the name of its most strenuous upholder this rule of doctrine which he had maintained against the world. At all events, it was promulgated somewhere in the early part of the ninth century. ' It seems to have been recited at Prime on the Lord's Day, at Basle, in the ninth century ; in 997 it was sung in alternate choirs in France, and in the Church of England ; in 1113 it was used daily at Prime, in the Church of Autun. From 1200 it assumed the titles ' Symbolum S. Athanasii' and 'Psahnus Quicunque Vult,' which mark the character it occupies in our services.' It is thus clear that whatever authority it possesses is of a private and not conoiliar nature. It was unknown to the Greeks before the year 1000. It cannot be said to have come into general use in the West before the ninth century. Even then we find Pope Leo III. (cir. 806) recom mending that the Filioque clause should be ' omitted' from the singing of the creed in the Emperor Charlemagne's Church. He further declares that 'it was not sung in the Holy Church in Rome ; thus the cause of contention would be removed, and peace would be restored .' Summing up the arguments which go to prove its non-catholicity, we have — (1) Its absence from psalters and prayer-books prior to the ninth century; (2) the absence of quotations from it in the contemporary literature of the time ; (3) the ignorance of the Greek Church as to its existence prior to 1000 ; (4) the advice of Leo III. touching one of its most important clauses, showing the opinion in which it was held in the Roman See so late as 806 ; (5) its formulation in express defiance of the Third General Council. II. But there are other objections. The fact of the lateness of a creed does not invalidate it, if we hold that the Church has power to recast her formularies. Rome claims that there is a self-developing power resident within the Church which makes her capable of defining fresh truth. Perhaps in. our branch of the Church we do not go so far as that ; but the Church of England has plainly intimated her power of making new departures. The supremacy of the king was a new departure ; the nomination of bishops was a new departure ; abrogation of the mass, of confession, of celibacy, were new departures ; the prayer-book itself was a new departure. If it be urged that some of these were not so much new departures as a return to early practices and doctrines, my position is so much the more strengthened. It shows that for sufficient causes we may recast our liturgies, and even reconsider our position on points of doctrine. If, then, the so-called Athanasian Creed had happily embodied the belief of the Church, if its recitation were still desirable, I do not know' why we should not receive it as of similar authority to the Augsburg or the Helvetic confession — that is to say, as the expression of the belief of our National Communion. It seems to me, however, that it fails in many desiderata of a creed, besides its want of catholicity. Look at its negative character. Out of forty two verses twelve are purely negative. That is not what we require in a creed. It is not what we don't believe in, but what we do believe in—some positive statement which should summarise and declare our convictions on the great mysteries of faith. The prayer of the Pharisee was clenched by a strong negative, but we do not ,read it was the more efficacious on that account. Perhaps I shall be told that the negative clauses were put in as a pronunciamento ? against heresy. Very likely. But why heresies only ? Why omit all false doctrines, all false religions? If you inveigh against Monothelitism and Arianism, to be complete, you should not leave out Neo-Platonism or Paganism in general. Look at the Apostles' Creed. I am aware that some of the objections raised againstthe Athanasian symbol will apply equally to it — that it was an expression of Western belief alone, that it was late in its origin, that it was repudiated by the Greek representatives at the council of Florence as never having been accepted by the holy Eastern Church. Place it now beside the only creed of Catholic Christianity — the creed of Niaea. How it gains in the comparison ! How grand in its severe simplicity ; how pointed ; how adequate, with all its omissions of allusions to or anathemas against false doctrine in its expression of true doctrine ! How stately in its march, how sonorous its ring, how suggestive in its condensed but beautiful clauses of the only confession which the apostles knew — the sublime prayer of the Lord Christ 1 But how immeasurable is the loss in every way when the Athanasian is placed in contrast with the Apostles' Creed. We seem to have come into another country. The idiom is of a foreign texture. The faith has passed from that of the simple believer into the stern and uncompromising defendant of theological shibboleths. We have left the free and bracing air of Olivet and the Galilean hills, and are amid the dust and turmoil of logical disputants and subtle scholastics. III. And this brings me to notice the abstruse and metaphysical nature of many of its clauses. To be negative was not enough. It must define in the language of philosophy — ' Neither confounding the persons, nor dividing the substance. The Holy Ghost, neither made, nor created, nor begotten, but proceeding. God, of the substance of the Father, oegotten before the worlds : and man, of the substance of his mother, born in the world. Perfect God, and perfect man: of a reason able soul and human fleBh subsisting.' What do we wider 'stand by all this? What do you mean by 'person?' What is your notion of ' substance ?' How is it correct to say that God could be ' begotten' before the worlds ? I know what answers will be proposed to me. But the answers will differ according as the respondents are Nominalists or Realists. And who, save one versed in philosophy, could understand the answers ? Yet we have it asserted — ' He that therefore will be saved must thus think of the Trinity.' What, then, will become of the great majority of Christians 1 Can they, in any natural and unstrained sense, be said to ' thvs think of the Trinity ?' You must either explain the clause in an artificial sense, or else de christianise nine-tenths of the professed followers of Jesus. And what, after all, is this but an attempt to define the indefinable — to put in phrase of words things which . we have apostolic authority for regarding as 'mysteries' — i.e., ' shut up' from understanding. It might be argued, ' That is true ; but the Apostle's Creed itself deals with mysteries — almost everything is a mystery in the philosophical sense of the term.' I admit it; but there is a great difference between believing in a mystery and trying to define it. There is a great difference between accepting facts and accepting theories about facts. I say, for instance — ' I believe that a mother's love is quite the most beautiful and sacred thing in the world.' But ask me what is a mother's love, and I am stopped short directly. Is it a refined egoism ; is it altruism ; is it a mixture of both ? I may hold one of these three theories. The school of Hobbes will denounce me for the one ; Berkely will animadvert on me for the other ; Herbert Spencer will show that each is true and each is false. But all believe that there is such a thing ; all admire, glorify, honour it. All are agreed about the facts, but the definition of the facts becomes at once a qucestio vexata. So it is of creeds in general. All Christians come upon a common platform as to the broad facts of Christianity. They split up into a thousand schisms directly they begin to air their different explanations, definitions, philosophies. Can we, in view of the lamentable schisms of Christendom, hug to our breasts a confes sion that does nothing to heal them, but, contrariwise, intensifies and aggravates them ? IV. Yet the worst remains. The damnatory clauses of the Athanasian Creed constitute one of the principal objections against its continued recital — ' Which faith, except every one do keep whole and undefiled, without doubt he shall perish everlastingly. This is the Catholic faith, which, except a man believe faithfully, he cannot be saved.' (Latin version) — ' Quain nisi quisqwe fidelhter Jinniterque cre&iderit;, salvus esse non poterit.' We are often told that these clauses apply only to those who, being born or introduced into the Catholic Church, have an opportunity of examining and embracing the faith, which they ignore or reject at their own peril. It may be so. But is not this a very laboured explanation at best 1 And can any of us who have looked into the history of the times quite believe that it was in the minds of the f ramers of the Quicunfiue ? Do we not know that 'anathema' came only too readily to their lips — that it was a part of the persecuting spirit of the age, which later on took shape in the burning of the body for the good of the soul ? I cannot help feeling when I read these words that they are the progenitors in spirit of the Albigensian crusades, of the massacre of St. Bartholomew, of the burning of Servetus, and the persecutions of the Arminians and Anabaptists. And is it any relief to our sensibilities to be told that these clauses only repeat what our Lord affirmed ? It is questionable indeed if they do. Our Lord perhaps said — ' He that disbelieveth shall be condemned' (Revised version). In the opinion of the best critics, there is no warrant for saying He ever used them. But even if it be not an interpolated passage, it would be impossible to prove that mra.Kpi.vw has the sense of ' perishing everlastingly.' Yet, suppose the word to be admitted as genuine— suppose it could be twisted into the harsher construction of the Athanasian Creed — is that any reason why His Church should use it in her confession of faith ? Is she the everlasting arbiter of men's fate? Is she the judge? Is it at her voice we are to receive the final sentence ? Methinks a humbler and less arrogant attitude were more befitting. Let her affirm as much as she please. Let her frame, if she think fit, the severest disciplines, penances, mortifications for her peccant children, bnfc do not let her bind and loose in the next world also. Let her not assume the frightful power — a power that reminds us rather of the Curia than of Jerusalem — which in this creed thirteen times a year she assumes when she pronounces the everlasting damnation of men like Priestley and Madge and Martineau, Channing and Stopford Brooke, Sir Isaac Newton and glorious old Dr. Watts. It seems to me that herein there is little spirit of her Divine Founder, who taught His would-be defining apostles that ' he that is not against us is on our part ;' little of that large charity which forbade Him from seeing in the man who followed not in the crowd with John and Peter and James, one who should therefore be considered as wholly outside the fold, a fold whose borders were as far- reaching as His love ; little of that wise toleration which exhorted the earliest catechumens in the Christian Church ' not to judge lest they should be judged ;' little likeness to the only formulary He put forth — the primer in which all Christian doctrine lives in germ — the Catholic aspiration which bears up on its suffrage, not simply the poor petitioner himself, but the want and the sin and the need of each of his brothers and Bisters on earth to the ear and the heart of the All-Father in heaven. 