ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE, ? (:o:) ? ACCOMMODATION FOR PUBLIC GATHER- I INGS AT BULLL (ft)' tiro Editor of the ' Illawarr«;iI«roarj'.'y ' Sir,— In reporting the concert which took' piste in Bennett's Assembly rooms last week, you very fittingly called attention to the great need for in creased room and comfort in connection with publio concerts, ete. No sane person would dis pute the correctness of the conclusion yon have como to, that the increase of population has pro portionally increased the demand that some more Bailable building should bo provided. 1 am pleased to say that the Oddfellows, or the Piide of Illawarra Lodge, have decided to btrild a hall, for the double purpose of holding their Lodge meet ings in and letting it for concerts, dramatio com panies, lectures, etc. Our preient Iac& to this matter is attributable to the Bulli Coal Cbtripsny having refused the help promised some years ago towards a School of Arte. Without rehearsing the factB of the pa«t failure, permit me to say, in pro viding publio accommodation, we are thrown on our own resources. It|will take some hundreds of pounds to carry out the schtme and pltn of the building committee ; but we, though all nearly as poor as church mice, expect ' efefj man to do his duty' in helping this projcct. Already a site of ground has been secured in acentralplace between Bulli- aud Woonona from Mr. G. Organ, of Wollongong, and by concerts, voluntary subscrip tions, donations, eto., we are confident of snccess. If this aid is withheld, it means failure. Let the publio in general, and the well-to-do in particular, bear in mind our project, and respond, when the time comes, to our appeal for fucds. It is the ' Littlo drops of water, little grains of sand, that make the mighty ocean, and ths beauteous land.' And if the people of Bulli and neighbourhood will help themselves, 1 am sure the balance of funds will be given by disinterested friends to remove speedily, this long felt inoonvenience. «f. WYNST. : Woonona, Sept, 17th, 1883, l-IT It is understood that the Government have their new Land Bill ready to lay before Parliament when it meets. ? ' - ' At the Bulli Police Court, on Wednesday, there was a large oharge-sheet, principally drt-nkt. A young man named Donald M'Donald was fined £5 or three months imprisenment in Wollongong gaul for nsing disgustingly obscene language. Parties in the habit of indulging in the use of obscene language will do well to take warning by. the punishment meted out to one of their kidney, uuder the new Criminal Law Amendment Act. At the Water Police Court, a man'named Mild water was sentenced to 48 hours imprisonment and a whipping of 24 lashes. He was also sen tenced to Bix months imprisonment, with hard labor, for offending against decency. A very sad 1 death is recorded from Gunriedah. It appears that a Miss Smith was bnBy last Friday week trimming her wedding dress; About 1 o'olock in the morning she felt cold, and went to the fire to finish her work, when her dress beoande alight, and she was severly bnrned. She died the following Friday from the effects of the burnB and shock to her Bystem. - Miss Smith was to have been married on the Saturday morning, i . Gorged Livers. — Bilious conditions, constipa tion, pileB, dyspepsia, headache, cured by ' Wells May Apple Pills.' 5d and Is boxes at druggists. Moses Moss and Co., Sydney, General Agents for -Australasia. ? ' My mother drove the paralysis and neuralgia all out of her ..Bystenf with Hop Bitters.' — Bd. Obivegb Siiti. S'a'eV ^ A Gu'wr.-Wo Maldon correspondent of the Molbotirno ylnpwgives tho followinRpwlu T an/)\TU was mistS !,; *host A few nights aep-Mrs. Miller was nLL ing hOmo, and, whilst waiting f„r a friend at » .S corner, was passed by a young man, who » ° going past her a few yards, returned, knocked h r J'' fltn,cuk IlGr' „E,v,n8 hor two black era and inflicting other mjnries. Before lenving h told her he thought h» had given hor enoth On reaching homo Bho informed her friends at once communicated with tbe police, but L Z could not give any description of the person „h assaulted her, the matter remained a mv.terv i Reports for somo time past were current that gho.ti i have been soon in the noi«rMWho„d of the nl»™ ! where tho assault took ploce-, and the foil,, win! I nvorning a young man who (Mirers milk in ths neighbourhood appeared as nsml, bot with a ban. ! dajjod and helpless hand, end informed his custom - era that ho had been fighting with ;h0 Rhoat* - This morning, on hearing that Mrs. Miller's cm I t^.nftn^8 of tho P01'06. »'- at once paid » ! v'Tt to- the- sufferer, and on finding tliat atm ... i realty the ghost Fw had attacked, he offered a mo« S abjeot apology It w not known whether this hu been accoptod. Mother Swan's Worm SsRUp.-mfsllibl*, tastoless, harmless, cathartio ; for feverUW.. restlessness, worm., constipation, 1, at drnMi,t/ Moses Moss and Co,, Sydney, General Agents ! 