TCE8DAY. JUNB 19. (Before Mr. Justice Boucaut] THE BURFORD NUISANCE CASE. In this case the Crown Solicitor ( don. C. Mann, Q.C.) applied to the judge to enter the verdict given by the jury as one of guilty. He contended that it amounted to a finding of guilty. Mr. J. H. Symon, Q.C, opposed the application. His Honor said he did not intend to hear the point argued then. He would take a note of Mr. Symon'8 points, and reserve, a case for the consideration of the Full Court. Mr. Symon said that on the finding of the jury he should contend that a verdict of not guilty should be entered. He quoted from Archibald on the point of special verdicts. After a short discussion. His Honor said the verdict was open to three constructions — first, that it was one of guilty ; secondly, that it was one of not guilty ; thirdly, that on the verdict there should be a new trial. He intended to enter a verdict of guilty, as he thought the finding amounted to that, but would reserve a case for the con sideration of the Supreme Court on all points raised, including Mr. Bundey's argument on the construction of the Sewers Act. Mr. Symon said the defendants would come up for judgment when called upon. His Honor ordered them to be bound over in their own recognizances of £50 THE LINKLATER LIBEL CASE. Frederick Harvie Linklater, solicitor, was charged with publishing a malicious libel on Moss Samuel Solomon in the Gawler Bunyip, in March last. Mr. W. V. Smith, with Mr. Mathews, appeared for the defendant. The alleged libel was as follows :— ' Some considerable time ago in the days when pira tical opera-bouffe was all the rage at the Theate Royal, and legs and champagne used occasionally to be in a glorious state of mix behind the scenes, a daring, but tight-fisted son of Abraham came to the laudable deter mination of ' sheeing somethings for notings ma tear.' With this end in view the gentle man (?) in question, after some little exertion and no small expenditure of finger nails, attained an airy and advantageous position on the roof of Mr. Macdooald's stabling, from which vantage - ground he had an uninterrupted view of the undraped window, of the room wherein certain undraped; young ladies were in the habit of noctur nally draping, themselves. Long, earnestly, and wistfully did he gaze on the picture , which met his sight until in an ill starred moment a brother tom-cat uplifted his voice in a minor key at his elbow ! The sound attracted the attention of a more than usually undraped nymph, and a terrific scream announced to the hapless in truder that his dazzling shirt-front and glit tering diamond studs had been 'spotted!' Vainly be strove to make his way to terra firma ! Unnerved and gasping he hung by a waterspout and finger-tips, from which perilous position he was rescued by the stage manager and propertyrman. But his troubles had only, begun. The enraged Dianas claimed their victim, and had him too ! They took him to their dressing-room, and having plenti fully besprinkled him' with dirty water, deftly applied their ready powder-puffs, and when that unhappy wight arrived at the paternal mansion, the old man raised his eyes and his hands, and exclaimed, ' Holy Moses ! ish dat a ghost or a rollingpin ? . . . Now: you would hardly credit it, but this young gentle man is a member of the Artillery Force of South Australia, and he is just about to be promoted to the rank of commissioned ofllcer, and to mix with gentlemen. Of. course, after - the above narrative everyone will know what for.' Witnesses were ordered out of court. The Hon. C. Mann, Q.C, in opening the case, said the defendant was charged with having written a false and malicious libel about Mr. Moss Samuel Solomon who was at the time and. was now a member of the Volunteer Force. And about the time of the publication of the libel he had applied for a commission in the foroe and gone up for his examination, which he subsequently passed with a view of being appointed an officer cf the force. About that time the paragraph appeared in the Bunyip of March 23, 1883. The jury had heard the libel read in the information. ' If the jury did not think tbe written matter libellous it would, as His Honor would tell them, then be their duty to acquit the prisoner. Tbe learned counsel, after describing the nature of a libel, said the jury would see that it was not at all necessary to constitute a libel that a man should be accused of crime only. Anything that tended to make him ridiculous or that held him up to ridicule or contempt in the eyes of right- seeing men -was a libel. And the writer of a libel was liable to prosecution and punishment by fine or imprisonment. In that particular case, Mr. Solomon, who was a Jew, in in the Volun- teer Force— and there were only four of the Jewish persuasion in the force — and Colonel Downes would be called to prove that Mr. Solomon was the person referred to in the objectionable paragraph. That would not be denied, for, as a matter of fact, defendant bad pldadtid the- truth by aayingithat Mr. Sol«*»onwas net only thei.ptr.jou referred to* -4n(ltbe .pacagraph, .but that ittn psrtgraph - anas true. -If tb« 'paragraph - did no j 'bbld'uptoridionlcthe.penoareterred^to, h*: HtbeHearned counsel) Bid not kmw. what wa*. libeL ' M any man eoold.have «aeh- «x«eed- ' ii^)y}ow Meas.aa4o^limbnp-«4i -iwlo-r to ^ee-to-iot of t woman -ia ??ot»t«!of inudi|y or eemi-nndity, such a man would certainly be a' cur and unfit to mix with gentlemen. The ?? defendant undertook to prove the tratfrothis assertions. ? But a libellous statement, If true, was still a libeL He (the learned counsel) would confine himself to the simple \- isiue as to whether the paragraph were true or not. Mr. Solomon fr'nvwif would fro into the witness-box and swear that it was absolutely untrue; and a lot ot other wit* nesses would beexamined who would alcoawear that Mr. Solomon was not the man. If Mr. Solomon were guilty of Che conduct attributed to him tiie jury would acquit the defendant, but if he were not they could properly bring in a verdict of guilty, for he. the learned connsel, need hardly tell them that it was one thing to write in the strain of that paragraph and another to come into court and attempt to justify what had been written, and to repeat that what had been written was true in substance and in fact. The following evi dence was then called : — Michael John Stapleton, a bootmaker, residing in Gawler, proved purchasing a copy of the Bunyip in which thelibel appeared, William Barnet, proprietor of the Gawler Bunyip, said he was printer and editor of the paper. The defendant was the writer Of the article complained . of. Cross-examined: by Mr. Smith — Had had some considerable ex perience-as a pressman. Knew nothing of the prosecutor. Edwin John Cox, solicitor, proved the receipt of the following letter which was put in:— 'Victoria Chambers, Flinders-street, April 5, 1883. Messrs. Wadey & Cox, solicitors. Dear Sin— In answer to your letter of today, I beg leave to correct your ?? statement that I made a conditional offer on behalf of Mr. Barnet to give up the name of his correspondent. The con dition inserted in my letter was no more tban the one implied in your own letter of the 27th, viz., that if Mr. Barnet disclosed the name - of his correspondent he would be freed from the proceeding which you threatened if he did not do so- My embodiment of that condition was so superfluous that I now dispense with its repe tition, and as Mr. BameVs attorney comply -with your original request, for which com pliance you extended the time in your inter view with me and Mr. Mathews; and I therefore announce to you that the town correspondent of the Bunyip, who writes under the name of ' Pelts,' and who wrote the article of March 23, is myself; and I beg Jeave to add that an -account of the occurrence in the rear of the theatre was published in the Bullstin some two ? years ago, and Mr. Solomon, your client, was there named as the hero. I desire to also add that I myself witnessed the whole affair, in cluding the punishment inflicted by the ladies, and was an amused spectator of its ghostly result. If your client, animatedafter two years by a sudden access of self --respect, is so ill-advised as to proceed I shaU have no hesitation in proving the above facts, and that your client has admitted them. And I have no-hesitation in saying from my know ledge of the army and volunteers (in a distin guished corps in which I have served} that it was a matter of the highest importance to the force and to the public that respectable citi zens who undertake to .defend their country should not have such an officer appointed to lead them in the field without .the force and the public being both made well aware of it. — Yourt truly, Fred. H. Lihklaxer,' Moss Samuel -Solomon, the prosecutor, said he was of the Jewish persuasion, and was a sergeant in theJB battery of Port Adelaide Artillery. There were other Jews in the artillery. In March last had applied for a lieutenancy, and wasgoingin for-an examina tion. The libel in 'Town Talk' of thejBwnj/tp applied to himself, .and was- wholly incor rect. Cross-examined by iMr. Smith. First ?saw the paragraph xompbuned of on the Tuesday following Easter Monday. Wrote to Mr. Stapleton to buy* copy of the paper. Got the loan of a ^unytpfram the Register office. Asked for the paper because be had heard about the article. Major Solomon told him about it. Would not swear that other officers in the service did not tell him about it. Was not chaffed about tbe article, though he would not swear he was not. Had been joked about something similar, viz., as to getting on a roof and looking at unofetbed girls dressing themselves. Had been joked about it for -two years, but not constantly. Might have been chaffed about it fifty times. Read an article in the Bulletin. Was never told that that article referred to him. Never thought it wasmeant for him. Sergeant IaUywhite had chaffed him about it, but could not : say he -had done , so often. Witness 'Complained to him about the chaffing. George William Stacey. was a brother officer, and had chaffed him about the article. Was joked in his presence about looking at girls dressing and being powdered for it. Some times half a dozen or so persons -were present when he was chaffed. Never did anything to justify Secgeant Staoey in saying, he (witness) glorified in having been guilty of the accusation. Was written to and told that he would not - be made an officer unless he could clear himself of the imputation contained in the Bunyip, Would swear he was not on the roof as was described. Was never nearer McDonald's stables than the stage door. Had been near the stables. Did not remember any: one named Elliot. Never told. any one he had been on the roof. Had told brother officers he had known ' the six officers ' in the ' Tambour Major.' Never boasted that he had been improperly intimate, with them. Knew one of the girls, named L«na Carey, bnfc would not say that he had -.not boasted of having had an improper intimacy with her. Mr. Mann thought this sorb of cross examination should be stopped. It had nothing to do with the issue, and for all reasons it should be excluded. His Honor did not see what it; had to do with the issue. Witnets continued— Had been -. called the 'B Battery Ram,' but was lonly called that by one person. Never boasted of: having .-had improper intimacy withany of the- ' Tambour Major' girls. The* joking about theroof busi ness had gene on for the last two years. Had never glorified in it Mrs. Ford wrote a letter to him at his request. She was one of the six 'officers, and was then \ known as Miss Harris— Did not jknow whether he did \- so before or after the article appeared -in the Bunyip. Said in the Police Court that from the description given to him of the person on the roof he thought it was a man- named Ieaaes. Suggested his name to ? Mrs.. Ford. Did not remember the article in the Bulletin ±-eing*ead more &tan-; once in the Military Club room. Was ;aware when: he -gave- the names of the two Isaacs in the Police Court ? that they were both joat of the colony. By the judge-^Was never on the Toof, and would swear the /article,. if refering to -him, was false. Wore slight side whiskers when the Tambour troupe was in Adelaide. ?Major Francis Downed, colonel of- the Royal . Artillery aad commandant ; of the L.M. Foeces, «aid he had- seen the - article, and iad stated that; if. it was not publicly contradicted, ? he should not . recommend Sergeant Soloman for a /lieutenancy. Had no doubt it refecned to Sergeant Soloman. Benjamin Solomon said ne commanded B Battery. The prosecutor was .a sergeant under his command. The article in the Bunyip referred to the prosecutor. Cross examined— Had not heard about the roof . business .as applying to Sergeant Solomon until he sawthe Article. George CahiU, stage - carpenter at ' the Theatre Royal, said he had i-een employed «t the Theatre Royal JBor twoyears. Remem bered the 'Tambour Major' companyV-visit to Adelaide. Heard about* man gettingon thereof. Knew. tbe prosecutor welL 'The man who got on the roof was given into witness's charge by McDonald's ostler. Took him into the theatre and handed him over to Mr. Wallace. Did not believe the prosecutor -was the man. ? The ? man on the roof had whiskers, and was a youag man* and was of fresh dark complexion. *By the judge —Did not think the proseoutor was identical with the man on the -roof. Sophia Ford, wife of William Ferd, ward robe manager of the Theatre Royal, said she was engaced with the -*- Taaribour -Major' troupe. Remembered the circumstance of a man getting on the stable toof at the theatre one night. He* was brought into the ladies' dressing-room and whitewashed. The man was not the prose -cutor. Cross-examined — Was standing at the door while the man was being white washed. The gentlemen of the company whitewashed the man, and the ladies looked on. Witness was in - the dressing room when the man was brought in. It \- was quite light, and the man was not two yards oS her. Thought the man on the roof was a man named Isaacs. Remembered Mr. Solomon asking her to write a letter. She only saw him onoe abouc the letter. Did not know whether the man she saw whitewashed had been on the root Did not remember what day of the week it was. The man who was whitewashed was slightly lame. * 'Henry R. Reaohey, atage waiter at the Theatre Boy td, said she remembered a man getting ion - the roof and being afterwards -whitewashed. -Mr. Solomon was -not the man. Cross-examined — The whitewashing tj-okr-p}ace.in e pu*age. Witness- assisted in tfcecppratioo, and a 'great many others falso assisted. KfcoHect 'the six ladies who were raliett 'officer*!'' in the 'Tambour^Mtjor.'* Mrs.Ford'was.oBeof'tlueiBj and- sbe dressed downstairs ip-e-fOffm off toe -pwsage, where \- the -wiiiter!wa»hibg took place. T. H. G.' ». «t»«*!kl*y,i «x-nMi«g*r *sf the ??fBpfM^at«!SThp*«M'*R9y*,'|Ciiw evidence 1 p« in -the- -whftc«MiM«igi*. g£-4tti&fc; ibe j was H'**?*™ f- TH«' :pr«»utu? '.'?*' ^rt- rf&lyi; not i ?+.«?- win.- ? Afcowt^iSU- it*-^£^*e4ogiged I ii-i- tbei|K-1W4«Jne*iWt»»i«i-v ' I-:';^-'- i'*' ;* ' VoonpW^^WWci'ebewM* member. Mr. ; ^ JjfommwsrMitiotibe man ia-question, whom ^iwlb«l^J^«»'ie«»l1ioiinui«u Did »ot , r^iife^^iaw^wteQn tbe man. . She aaw him ? -ariKwit.fijrtsrfnntsB after lie «h brought in. ^3&e;^baa^«iu-vdii»ti ^H& 4Ut features, aad siow^gged.- He had* slight. «n4 rather red fmmsfwc&ie.; lSevete*w Mr. Solomon before :«he ^arnlB to the jpourt .Bid mot notice how ':-' themanatthe theatre was dressed. ? AnnieiJmith said she was -engaged at the theatre when a man v- wan brought in and .- powdered. The ?? room in which he wa» powdered, was full at the time of the opera tion. Theman who was powdered waa like *- Jew, and had dark hair. He had side whistuerB, which she thought .were dark like his hair. .. This was the case for the Grown. Mr.W.YiUeneuTOSmith,addreaaingUiejarF for Ihe defence. e«d he had not one word to aay iw^ini* the principles *aid down .by bis learned friend the Crown Solictor with -e «trd to the law of libel. Mr. Mann was quite ' correct in saying that toe jury most find that the writing had been mafidotu and untrue, and written on an occasion which made it un justifiable. He thought he would convince them by evidence which he would produce that the writing was truth. It was selfevi dent that it was a justifiable writing onthe assumption that it was true, because as it was lor the welfare of all that the censors of morals should bold up to scorn any one who inflicted w- grievous an outrage on public de cency by -being guilty of conduct such as {hat jocular paragraph suggested. And it did not make it the less a moral duty that the writer should nse the weapon of ridicule. A. very learned judge (Chief Justice Bovill) bad said in connection with libel:— 'As to the ridicule complained of that is often the strongest weapon in the bands of a public writer if it be used fairly.' He (the learned , counsel) would show beyond all possible doubt that in-zegard to the present case the weapon of ridicule had been used fairly ; and with regard to the question as to whether Mr. Solomon was the man or not he should show that he had committed a highly improper act, an act of which a schoolboy would be : ashamed. Of course the case rested a good , deal upon credibility. He did not regard \- the witnesses called by the Crown as being ? possessed of any desire to be untruthful, for \- they Jiad. got no earthly reason to be nn truthinL But it should be remembered that acts witnessed two years ago by persons who had so personal interest in them were likely to be but improperly remembered. He did not attack the truthfulness of the witnesses, but their accuracy. He believed that after he had called his witnesses the jury would have no doubt that their recollections were inaccurate. And he would put it to the jury that assuming that Mr. Solomon had had so prurient a fancy as to be desirous of showing off before his brother officers by allowing the belief that he ns the man referred to in a certain article of a character precisely similar to the one com plained of, he submitted that even supposing Mr. Solomon had changed his ideas or for gotten the circumstances, the jury were not Bound to find a special verdict. They were not bound to find that Mr. Solomon had gone into the witness-box and told the truth. They were not bound to find that he was the man. They were bound to find a general verdict of not guilty in regard to the gentleman who as a correspondent of a newspaper had done what everyone had a right to do. If Mr. Solomon were the man referred to the alleged libel was fair; if he was not that man, he had made his brother officers believe he was. And what was more, CoL Downs heard of the matter before itwasprinted. If a public writer in his public capacity wrote a fair criticism on the doings of anybody he was fully justified, and ought to be protected, and, subject to His Honor s ruling, he should ask them to say that, the law being so, the de fendant had not exceeded his duty. Either the prosecutor was the man on the roof or he falsely represented himself to be the man on the roof, and in either case the defendant was justified. He admitted having been teated and chaffed some fifty times about being the man, and right up to the time of ihe publication of the article complained of the prosecutor had made a public boast at the Military Club and elsewhere thai he was the hero of the escapade narrated by the defendant, and if the jury was satisfied of that then he should tell them, sub ject to His Honor's ruling, that Mr. Linklater was justified in holding him up to contempt and ridicule. For two years the prosecutor had accepted the position ascribed to him in the article, and he could not now, when about to be promoted to a lientenancy, turn round and complain. The learned counsel having at some length called attention to the principal points he should fcrirg before them, the following evidence was taken for the defence : — Frederick Harvie Linklater, the defen dant, examined by Mr. Smith, stated that he UEfd to be proprietor and editor of the Adelaide Builttin. On the night in question wss by tho stage door of the Theatre Royal, and heard a. noise. He went to the door at the corner of the yard, and saw the prosecu tor brought through acd past him into the theatre by the stage door. Followed them in and stood at the foot of the stage steps. Shortly after he passed him covered with white stuff. He passed through into the paBPage. Witness could not mistake him. Tbe man be saw dragged in was powdered. He would swear he was the prosecutor. He had no ill-feeling against the prosecutor when he wrote the article. Cross-examined by Mr. Mann— The prosecutor was a stranger to witness before that night, and he never eat* him until about a month afterwards. Saw him frequently after that in the street. Some time afterwards made the personal acquaintance of the prosecutor, and had busi ness relation with him. Never saw him at his own house. Believed that Solomon was in charge of his (witness's) furniture once when it was seized. It was light enough for him to eee the prosecutor plainly on the night in question. He was dressed iu dark clothes. Made enquiries to find out for certain that the prosecutor was the man before writing the article complained of. The Bulletin was in extremis when he left it. It was a society paper, and any scraps of scandal that could be got hold of were put in. On the night in question witness was waiting in the yard of tbe theatre for Mr. Roach, a friend of his, who was behind the scenes. There was a light in the yard. Had been waiting about half an hour in the yard. His acquaintance with theatrical people was ex tensive. He was correspondent for the London Era. Before writing the article com plained of made no enquiries from any of the theatrical people to find, out if prosecutor was ihe man. Knew Mr. CahilL but did not ask him anything about it Never asked the pro secutor if he was the man. Re-examined by Mr. Smith— Sever wrote libellous ' Tit Bits' in the .BuBettn. George William Stacey, ex-sergeant in the volunteers, said he had often been at the Military Club when the prosecutor was being chaffed about getting on the roof at McDonald's and looking at the ladies. Tbe Crown Solicitor objected to evidence which was vagse, and for which no date could be given, and His Honor ruled it was inad missible, but took a note of Mr. Smith's having tendered it. Samuel Isaacs said that tiro years ago he had a shop in Hindley-street. Had two sons. One of them, Michael, was not in the colony at the date the man was on the roof. The other was a lad of 15. The prosecutor walked with a limp about two years ago. Cross examined by Mr. Mann — Did not know whether he had a limp at the present time. Kent his shop open just to suit his own con venience. His son was always in the shop on Saturdays until past 11 o'clock. On other nights he always had to be in by 10. The defendant, recalled, said the date of the occurrence was May 14, 188L. Cross examined by Mr. Mann — Was quite sure of that. Did not fear the result of the trial, but Mr. Burnett did. Wrote to Mr. Barnett on March 30, as follows :— ' DearB., could'nt catch post, but copy was all right, or should nave wired you! Don't funk on the matter ! I have played a trump card and retained CoL Mathews !— Yours, Fred. H. L. P.S.— Come down if possible. Don't think they mean fighting. (Laughter.) George Alfred Isaacs, son of the witness Samuel Isaacs, said he was never on the roof of a stable two years ago, and did not gaze upon females dressing. Cross- examined by Mr. Mann — Hardly ever got out of a window —(laughter)— and was always home at 10. (Laughter.) His brother used to go out sometimes. When his father was out his brother used to go out.- Did not remember his brother having his face scratched and saying he had cut it while shaving. Mr. Smith formally tendered five officers, whose evidence would have been similar to that of Mr. Stacey, as to admissions made by the prosecutor at the club as to his having been on the roof, but the Crown Solicitor objected to the testimony, and His Honor upheld tbe objection. The learned counsel then summed up the evidence to the jury, recapitulating the principal points raised by him in his opening address, and concluded by confidently asking them to find a verdict of not guilty. The Crown Solicitor briefly replied. He pointed out again what the law of libel was as to malice, Ac,, and said he thought the evidence was all one way. He asked them to protect the prosecutor by their verdict. His Honor, in summing up, said that trial was a prosecution for libeL His task in the preaentinstance was an easier one than it bad cf%^l-een in similar cases because the counse^^vere agreed as to what the law of libel was, label was anything written with an intennjp&wof; injury, ridiculing, or holding a penon-npto contempt That the writing of the case before them was injurious to the prosecutor there could be no doubt, because It had stopped his advancement in his prof es- I aion as anfofficer ; and again, it had uu- ' doubtedly held him op to contempt, because fcenadbeen chaffed and ridiculed about t*. | Therefore, so far as that war eoneonied, the I article complained of wasa libeL More than { that, it was a very gross and shameful lib-*!, and iiothlng could justify such language ; except ©ue thing, and that was its truth, j Even, however, if they believed the j libel was talse they could if they pleased ft ad the defendant not guilty, provided they took tbe view of the caw suggested to them by Mr. Smith. No arguments hai been addressed to him on the subject of privilege, acd the case was therefore entirely a question of truth or falsehood. The case had so re sulted that either jouag Solomon, the prose cutor, wculd have to leave tbe court di» graced acd an object of ridicule or the defendant must be convicted. B it the question they had to try was not whether Mr. bolomon or whether Mr. Linklater v%i to be disgraced — the real question for thei1* consideration was whether the prosecutor was identical with the young m%a who was on the roof at the back of the Theatre on the night in question. .If the jury thought be was, then Solomon had committed wilful and corrupt perjury. There would be no other term for bis evidence, and the jury would doubtless weigh that when considering their verdict. Not only would he go forth from that court disgraced, but he would go forth a perjurer, and the Crown would have a right, if they would not be really bound, to have him brought before Mr. Beddome the next moruiog and charged with that offence. His Honor next referred to the defence set up, viz , justification, and asked the jury whether they conld fiad from the evidence that the defendant had made out his chum. They had heard the evidence of the theatrical people who saw the ' white washing' or ' powdering,' and they all said the prosecutor was not the man. Mr. Smith had informed them that those witnesses might have been mistaken. They must weigh the probabilities, and if they were satisfied that Mr. Linklater was correct and the witnesses on the other side were all mistaken they would give the defendant their verdict. The Crown Solicitor very rightly had argued that supposing it were possible that his witnesses were all wrong, might it not be possible too that Mr. Linklater was wrong? He (His Honor) asked the jury whether in their opinion the prosecutor was a perjurer, and the six theatrical witnesses were all mistakes? A public writer was en titled to criticise the public doings of a public man, but he might not write untruths of anybody. The Register and Advertiser, which were business papers, were not entitled to do it, and why should any 'society' or other paper be permitted to do so? If a writer went beyond his bounds he had to come to that court and satisfy a jury that his statements were true. If things were other wise life would be unendurable. Mr. Smith himself said that neither the Register nor tbe Advertiser would do that sort of this?, and if they would not a society paper might, but he (His Honor) directed them that a society paper was entitled to say no more than either the Rtgkter or the Advertiser. Mr. Smith had re ferred to the London Punch, but he was pleased to say that during all the years Punch had existed it had never written anything that bad left a scar, its comments being witty but cot unjust or scathing. The so-called 'bociety' papers were a pest to society, and be was glad to hear Mr. Smith say he did not support them or approve of them. His Honor then directed the jury as to what constituted malice. If a man wrote some thing about another without making full and fair enquiry, [and then pleaded justification, also without making proper enquiry, malice was implied. In the present case there was co apology, acd there was a plea of justification. Therefore, if the facts tet out in the alleged libel were un true malice might be inferred. In order to find that the defendant bad sustained his plea they must be satisfied that the prose cutor was ' the man on the roof,' and also that the article was written for the public benefit, and not through personal spite. It was entirely for them. It was their privilege to say, as men of the world and men of common sense, what they thought of the case. He was bound to point out to them that the event, the subject of the article, hap pened two years ago, and they would probably ask themselves why it was not printed earlier if it was for the public benefit. Mr. Smith interposed, and said he would remind Bis Honor that the prosecutor had allowed himself to be joked about the affair rjpht up to the time the article appeared. Hie Honor said Mr. Solomon denied that he ever boasted of having acted with im propriety towards any of the young ladies in the theatre, and he might state that he thought at the time it was iii judicious of Mr. Smith to bring out anything about any of those ladies*. He must direct them that there was no proof that the prosecutor ever held himself out as the man who was on the roof; on tbe contrary, he denied it. The jiry would tave to say— firstly, was the article a lib*l ; secondly, was it true, and if true, was it writ tec for the public benefit. If they were not sitihficd on tbe latter points they would have to ccnvict. Tbe jury retired at 4.17 o'clock, and at 4.45 returned into court with a verdict of guilty. 'i be Crown Solicitor, after the defendant bad been challenged, said he had been re quested by tbe prosecutor to say that if the defendant wculd apologise he wished that His Honor would pass as light a sentence as he could. His Hccor asked the defendant if he still persisted in his plea of justification. j The defendant said that after the jury's j £rdirg he thought he must have made a mis take. He was deeply sorry for it. His Boner said he was glad to hear him say tbat. He did net knew whether he ought to bc ate a bargain with the defendant then, but as Mr. Maun, the pubUc prosecutor, had on bf fcaif cf Mr. Solomon applied to him to pass ' s Hpht sentence he would strain a point and j trdeayor to do justice agreeably to that ap- ! plication. Had it Dot been for that he must have inflicted a heavy sentence. The defen rant had been guilty of writing a cruel and wicked libel which might have ruined the I Vrospects of a young man for his life. He did ' l ot know that the defendant deserved any- . thing but a heavy punishment; he certainly j dererved very little pity. No doubt the accu- i ration made by him in the article was untrue, I and he bad without ascertaining full par ticulars published a false libel, and he hai done so recklessly. He did not think the de fendant had knowingly done so ; he believed be thought the prosecutor was the man he had seen at the theatre being whitewashed, but he should have made more enquiries before writing as he did. He would save him from the indignity of imprisonment. He should have been sorry to send a gentleman who bad pleaded in that court, and who be longed to an honorable profession, to gaol, and he was glad the Crown Prosecutor had made the application he did. The defendant would bave to publish an apology, and would have to pay a fine of £100. THE CONVENT BURGLAKT CASE. In this case the Crown Solicitor applied to have it made a remanet until the next sessions, as the witness Cousins was not to be found. Mr. Sjmon, who appeared with Mr. Pater for the prisoner Faulds, strongly objected. The only evidence against his client, who had tben been two months in gaol, was that of the man Cousins, an er convict and a mau of bad character, who had evidently bolted from tiie colony. Without his statement there *?&s; no evidence whatever against his client, and the Crown did not suggest that they were likely to find him. He asked that Le should be discharged from custody. Mr. Mann said that Faulds had given Cousins a description of tbe whole affair, and had described how the burglary had been carried out. His Honor said that if Mr. Mann as public prosecutor told him the ends of justice re quired that the cause should be made a remanet he had no alternative, and would so crder. Otherwise he suggested that a nolle protequi should be entered. Mr. Mann said that after His Honor's in timation he should enter a nolle prosequi. Tbe prisoner was then discharged. The court at 5 p.m. adjourned, and His Honor thanked the jurymen for their at tendance, and discharged them. 