PICK UP NOTES. (By 'Moses.') We cannot do '.letter this week than hy commencing with a yum sent us by an esteemed correspondent whose veracity mil be proved beyond doubt by a short perusal of his story :— ' In the good old times when the gold mines in the Northern District of Now South Wales were lining tho pockets of many a poor dovil who had trudged and worked, worked and trudged for many a long day in search of tho coveted biff, miners who had struck it rich had to swag it to Newcastle to catch tho old Shamrock, s., to carry them to Sydney where they could sell their sold. There being no coach or train in those days it was an inducement to idle dishonest scoundrels who are always to bo found on goldfields to hang around the liveliest roads in order to way-lay successful diggers, and rob them of their gold. At the time wo write Thunderbolt and his half-caste mate wore terrors betwoen Hingle ton and Armidale, and many robberies with or without violence were laid at their door. One night finding themselves short of r&tions;, Thunderbolt sent his mate to M'Canley's farm, situate about two miles outside Tarn worth to steal a sheep while he himself chose as the safest place to wait, an old monument in the gi'avo yard, It was also at this timo some potvaliant s'pirits wero talking of capturing bushrangers, personal courage, &c;, tho loudest in bis Dutch courage being a diminutive lame tailor rejoicing in tho cog. of Larry M'Kay. Larry hod been boasting of what he would do if he mot Thunderbolt, when a stalwart black smith jocringly remarked his courage was a myth, and dared him to go to tho cemetery and pluck a blade of grass off King's grave. Tho tailor rctorte.l that ho was 60 lame he couldn't walk, but would go if tho blacksmith carried him. This was agreed to, and they si-t. outand reached thograve on which Thunderbolt sat, and thinking it was his man returning with the sheen, the robbor jumped up and asked 'is he fat ?' Tho blacksmith horrified at wha' he believed was a ghost stuttered out ' blowed if F know, but hero ho is,' at tlie same timp throwing the lame tailor over his shoulder He made tracks in a bee line for home, but the most romarkable thing was that fast as the blacksmith ran, the lame tailor roached home before him.' ? .» Thk old proverb says that it is a rolling stone that gathers no moss. This may be true as applied to stones, but wo venture to think it lias little meaning as applied to iron rollers. Judging by the length of time ono of this latter ciiisn has been outside tho D. D. Oazcl'e office it-ought to have gathered any quantity of moss. The thing is perhaps not exactly lost, although it could have been found in the same placo for days past, but it would be a good haul for anybody going home late at night who managed to stumble across it. That is what may happen too one of these dark evenings, us people seem to prefer the streets to the side walks. When we have a coat made with lining strong enough in the pockets, that roller will be taken home as a keepsake. At present it looks perfectly miserablo in its solitary position, having no companions, no friends, and not having up to the present succeeded in gathering the much coveted moss. ? » At the Police Court tho other day a ease caino on which disclosed the pleasant manner in which Chinamen upend their -unday after noons. A largo amount of evidence was given, and a novel feature was that the wife of the complaining China man gave evidence for the defence. The Bench did not appear to appreciate this act of infidelity, aud the luubaud triumphed over his better half. There is something in the know ledge that whatever may be the danger of an influx of Chinese to tlila country they will at least experience the troubles of connubial 'bliss.' If the annoyance married Chinamen suiter wero duly printed and circulated in the Flowery Land wo venture to think the immi gration would decrease ; that v: if Mr Griffith would pass an act compelling all Chinese to marry within one mouth of landing. Difficult problems are easily solved when you go the right way to work. ? « ? Some papers havu a funny way uf putting things. This is an extract from a New Eng land paper: — ?' A young woman named Miller was uufortunato enough to lie bitten by one of these pests at J erribiggary last week. It is pleasant to add that no dangerous symptoms ensued owing to prompt treatment.' The doctor who attended the young woman lias good ground for a libel action, No dangerous symptoms owing to prompt treatment. We wero not aware that prompt treatment generally did produce dangerous symptoms, but perhapi snakes are so rare over the border that when they do get hold of one they like to havcii sensational death out of it as well. ? 4 ? On reading'over an American imper wo were led to envy the life of a prisoner under sentence for doath in that glorious country. The following seems lo bu the mode of lift adopted: — 'A convict, who has beon con fined for over three years in a Pennsylvania n prison, most of his time under smitonce lo be hanged for wife murder, has read more than 700 books, written many verses in English. German, and Latin, composo.1 thirtv pioc-fl of music, and compiled a medical woik.' It is difficult to say whether thU man *as so well treated because if was only his wife he had murdered, but .muny a literary mau would envy him tho calm repose which enabled the perusal of 700 volumei in tbre-' years and time to spare for verseB, composition of music and compilation of a medical work. The sort of airs that a condemned prin»n«r would compose are not likely to have buen of an exceptionally lively character, nor do we auppose he ever hoard ' Thtre let him lie in his dungeon oell. The medic il work pos sibly deals with the moot painless means of death. There is yet a refinement of cruelty in keeping an unfortunate man in suspense as to his ultimate fate for such a period as throe years. Even books, music, poetry, and writing- could not drive tho ono thought out of his head. It has never been rolatod that Archibald Forbes wrote his most gigantic exaggerations while a prisoner of war, nor that ' Vagabond' very particularly enjoyed hi« claimed sojourn in Pentridge. Perhaps aftor all a man's own deu is hotter than tho scantly-furnished apartments provided by Government. ? ♦ Mr Peter M'Loan has been appointod Land Commissioner in tho place of tho late Mr R. J. Smith. Times have changed. Peter is a twice-defcatod candidate in the interests of the presont Government, and withal a very good man, although stepping into a position which might have been given to someim* else as promotion. In the old days when Sir Thomas M'llwraith was at the head of affairs such appointments wouM be an nounued by the Telegraph aud Ch'owele as '?more Government Patronage,' ',Reward ius; his supporters,' 'Another sop' and other playful little allusions to the gentleman appointed and the Government appointing. Of course these liulo para graphs were very justifiable then, hut no*' such matters are looked up n as 'judicious selections,' 'ability for the post' &u.; We congratulate Peter upon now l-oing tbi; re presentative of land as well an of water, and tbiuk it is a good fisherman who omi cast hie net to suoh purpose. No doubt he 'ill make an excellent officer, hut for the future it would be bettor if tho Gnverntnunt sup porters said nothing about hypouritioal and lachrymose lamentations in the past. They won't go down now. He was a western squattor, and seldom known to make a .joke, although' hp\\-f ton at tempted one. O;i& day he' win'1 'travelling- along the railways and ho had' a blackboy with him; At one of tho refreshment rooms on the line, we will not say for cortain that it was Miles, he got out, and in company with Bome friends commenced to drink. Whilo in the sitting-room his blackboy entered the bar, planked down six shillings, and asked for a bottle of gin, with which ho was about to bo served when someone said to tho squatter ' surely you won't lot thorn give your boy that bottle.' TJio sedate squatter quietly rose from his seat, said to the waitress ' alright,' and as Billy walked away remarked ' every black fellow wants his gin, you know.' This was the first pun ho had ever been known to make, and his friends confidently assort it will be the lust. ? + A writer to tho Queensland Leader thinks that Mr J. L. Isambert should have been made Minister for Lands. No doubt if it had beon intended to pay a compliment to Mr Jaeschke, Mr Griffith could not have done better than have made apannerintheZeitUHfir a Minister, but he preferred from the medio crity of talent he possessed to pick out the bout and noc the least suitable. Mr Isam bert would doubtless have been a faithful, willing, and obedient servant, but thu Premier was not quite prepared to do all tho work of all the offices himself though even now ho will have to undertake a pretty large sharej of it. A good Ministry would be, Groom, Premier ; Salkeld, Colonial Trea snrei ; Foxton, Attorney General ; Isambert, Minister for Lands ; Peter White. Minister for Works; Higson, PoBtmaster-Goneral. Brookes as Speaker. The eleotors would nretty soon find out what amount of ability their chosen representatives had then. — ? * ? The Northern Miner tells the following fu'iuy story concerning Judge Coope'-. ? 'One of tho jurors, Mr Kesaell, remarked to the Judge that it was impossible for the jury to hear the evidence with the noise. His Honor said — 'Of course it is impossible to hear thu witnesses. It appears as if the police are in league with persons who are croat-ing a disturbance, it would be worse for thorn if thoy did not bring up the first per sou creating a disturbance, as I am not to triflad with ; I possess great powers and would exercise them. A noise was then heard at the back of the Court, and his Honor directed Constable Doran to bring before him whoever was making the disturbance. Doran returned with a bro'i'l ainile mi his F,ca and said, 'It is Judge Noel, your Honor, and Mr Archibald who lire talking.' His Honor : ' I don't care who it is, bring them here.' Mr Archibald then appeared in court, and his Honor told him not to do it again. Judge Noel made tracks, and when Doran wont for him he fenced him off with his umbrella and quoted authorities. Anyhow he didn't put in an ap pearance, which was a thing to be regretted, for the two judges if confronted must have laughed.' The next morning, however, Mr Justice Cooper had to apologise for his remarks concerning Judge Noel. Cooper and Hardinsr are running one another close for honors just now. What is the difference between a concert and an entertainment ? Is it to be taken for granted that a concert is not au entertainment ? We ask the question because we heard a gentleman ask a lady if she had any tickets for a certain entertainment, and she im mediately replied ' Oh, you mean the concert.' That is all. ? « ? As we invariably read the Chronicle and when wo live in Toowoomba do not date our letters from Greenmonot it did not take us uny mother to get a copy containing Peter Pindar's letter. Commencing, as he did with two deliberate falsehoods con cerning the Gazette we must be charit able with him regarding the contents ? if his epistle. Quotations in English would probably bu lost on oue who ipp»als to the cla-fica, therefore in order to ?-hlisp so excellent .'inn1 learned » scliolp.r we would say to him Ca.itir/ata remordenl. Xow tho remark that 'Masters and teachers are Mich inulIV is one scarcely to be expected from P. P. because we have seldom in our experience come across any person who would apply a term of mockery to him self, not evo:i if ho enme from Greenmount. With regard to ' Polly put tho Kettle on ' it is certainly a somewhat antiquated air, but is capable of many varia tions, ft is nt least not so hackneyed as some of the music to which we referred. It seems very plain that somebody who expected unqualified praise did not get it, as on referring to our last remarks we find that a particu larisiition of the programme was especially avoided, and personalities at least refrained from. In your quotation from ' Horace,' Mr Pindar, you display a character similar to that of the reformed prize-fighter who often used to stop in the middle of his sormous, and tmear to himself. You have not even the nous to adopt the method of Daniel O'Connell when dealing with the virago. You use in the Latin vernacular terms of abuse you would be ashamed to see printed in English, and hope under the guise of u little slang to conceal the fact that yon are worthy of better things. At any rate wo think you ought to know how to spell ' cognoscenti,' which did not appear to be the case on Thursday last, Latin quotations and all, notwithstanding. Tho'Fuz-buz' to whom you may refer, prefers to remain under that title rather than adopt the role which you have entrusted to yourself. The loss of tem per will ne'er accomplish a good purpose, and whatever be the color of his spectacles the henignaut 'Moses' will continue to look upon you with pity, and upon those whose cause you have attempted to champion with far deeper feolings of genuine sympathy. The motto you give to the Grammar School authorities is couched in the language of people noted for their polite n'ss which piobably accounts for the entire 'ibs'itico of any of those choice adjectives you appear to have so readily discovered in your Latin authorities. In reply to that quotation we can remark that the entertainment was fair subject for criticism, 'So in future Peter Pindar, Let this axiom be your guide, Build vour house without a window And people won't look inside.' It is far from a 'f2roo to place good music before a Toowoomba audience, Out what we said, and still maintain is that if an amateur concert is arranged, and a high price charged for tiokets so that the proceeds may benefit a good object tho public are entitled to expect something new, or at least not antiquated. Audiences are very exacting in their demands upon trained vocalists, and exceedingly generous towards amateurs so the latter should try and give something new. But this is enough about the subjeot. Peter Piodir can abuse and quote away as much as he likes, and our eyes will turn with childish simplicity towards the loving daughter of Pharoah. This wilderness of a world is nothing, and the struiued abuse of P.P. 'falleth like the gentle dew' from some place or other. With tho ' Bad Boy' muddle we have nothing to do- ask tho oditor about that. Oh, Potor Pindar On trifles some are onrnostly absurd j You'll think the world dopon'ds on evory word What I is not. every mortal free to speak 1 I'll givo my reasons, though I break my nock. 