Music and thc Drama. ME. George Rignold's season having ended on the pvaning of Monday, May 14, tho -Theatre Royal woe closed until the following Saturday, when it rc opened with, a new oompany organised by Mr. Blr.ad Holt. The piece produced -.vas a drama entitlod " Man kind, or Beggar Your Neighbour." It is of a similar oharaoter to tho " Now Babylon " of tho Eamo ?authors, Mossrs. Paul Merritt and George Conquest. Sensational incidents abound. The hands engaged în the game in question are very expert ones, and »pparontly so evenly matched that it is the chapter of accidenta alono which decides tho connaît between them. And were it not for the conti oonoo ono feels in that special Providence which invariably watches over tho good people in the uramatk), if not in tho real world, BOUIO doubts jnight be felt as to whothor they would "ever BUTTÍVO the trials to which they aro exposed, or safely reach the end of tho six thrilling tableaux into whioh tho drama is divided. Mankind, as depiotod in thia instance, ia not inviting aa a Btudy. They are, with ono or two exceptions, rogue« nit, ready to accomplish their purposes by wholesale Bwiadling, and a little murder os wall. We have a 'complication of plots and countor-plots, all of which revolve on a oontral one, of which the attempt to ob tain possession of a largo Bum of money is the motivo. Thia money had been left by a man who died in South Africa. He had been a convict in Australia. Bj his will a daughter of hie in Brtglaad w«-s de clared th© inheritrix. This girl waa tho wife of Edmund Sharpely, the son of a money lender. Ho had married her under th« assumed name of Maitland, and cruelly forsaken nor. Their only child ho had plaoed with a disrepu table old woman who hired lier ont to a travelling showman. Meanwhile the troachorouo husband is seeking: tho hand of Miss Melton in marriage, and naB her fathor*B consent. The young lady love« another, Philip Warner, a former clerk in Melton's employ, and wno has been discharged on suspicion of having robbed a large sum from his employer's safe. Tho real thief ia Edmund Sharploy. Warren is con vinced of thia, but haa no ovidence to shoot homo tho charge. Wo shall not follow all tho intricate wind ings vf tho plot, lt will suffice to outline it briefly. George Moiton is tho brother of tho ex-convict. Sharpley and his partner Groodgo loarnof thoexistoTico of tho will. So does Melton, but the latter ia unaware that tho testator's daughter and her child aro living. Ho believes that ho will bo tho solo hoir. OldGroodge gota to know that tho precious documont has reached Alice Maitland. Ho finds her ont, and tries to steal it from her. Tho struggle of tho two moneylenders and of Moiton to eocuro thia document gives riso to Bomo strange scenes. Alico loaos it, and on tho same night is very nigh losing her lifo. Her husband, Ed mund Sharpley, whom sha has discovered, affects compunction for bia past conduct. On a false pro tonco ho decoys ber on board a night atoamor for Calais, and throws her overboard in tho middle of tho Channel. Of course she ia rescued, and ultimately confounds tho machinations of the knaves. Tho play winds up with tho restoration of tho will to its lawful claimant. Young Warren's innocence is established. Edmund Sharpoloy shoot* himsolf, and old Groodgo, OB the curtain falls, is seized with a fit, which it is to bo hopod gives him bia quietus. Tho drama is a curious jumblo of improbabilities, but not moro BO, porhapa, than most of its olase. Tho aoting is, however, of a superior character, tho entire cast being most effective, which will be readily under stood whon it is known that it includes performers of such morit as Alosara. Dampier, Cardon, II. N. Jones, Herbert Fleming, and Charier, Brown, not forgetting tho organiser of tho company, Mr. Bland Holt. Ono of tho most striking impersonations is certainly that of the old moneylender Groodgo, by Mr. Dampier. It ia a really artistic conception. Tho conaio element ia chiefly contributed by Mr. Bland Holt, ably assisted by Miss Annie Taylor ; and tho ruffianly-looking showman of Mr. Brown is a good study of that particular typo of mankind. Mias Blancha Stammers aaskwacd with her wonted grace and tenderness tho part of tho persecuted Alico Maitland. Constance Mollon waa fittingly repre sented by Miss Marston, and, aa tho child of Alico, the acting of Miss Lily Dampier deserves recognition. The aoonory is splendid, some portions of it exhi biting Mr. George Gordon's stylo at ita boat. It is useless to deny that tho public taste hos in tho direction of tho sensational, and eo the specimens of it afforded in tho pioco under notice will probably crowd tho Royal for some time to cutae. The associated artists playing Italian Opera at tho Gaiety Theatre have addod another wook to their season, which, musically considered, has . boen ex ceedingly Hucoessful. In tho early part of the week " I'lrnanl" waa performed, and on Wednesday " Criapino e la Coraare" was placed on tho stage, fairly mounted, and with a cart tha+ could not: possibly avoid doing justice to it. Miss Alice Rees waa tho Annette of tho piece, and remarkably well Bho EUßtamed the part, while tho rolo of tho cobbler was assumed by Signor Bonferi, who in addition to a 1 fair rendition of tho music, throw into tho porta1 dogreo of comic abando7i that mado tho old myth doubly interesting. Signor PiergeatUi and Signor Bor&oai; wore much applauder-. Tho lady who played tho part of tho benevolent fairy, although she made no display of dramatic ability, nev«rthol©*s boa a Bwaot Boprano voico, and wo nhould liko to hoar hor i again in Horrrd other character where ehe would have mivro to do than the fairy baa iu Ri fuji's work, and whoro the demanda of tho aituation would oblige hor to Fruit her actions to har words and notes. Signor Sbriscia sang the opening eolo of tho pioco, whioh Beemod to us to havo a thread of " Sannain- ; bu!a" interwoven in it- something like the ghost of ft strain or musical idea. Wo aro firm boliovors in ghost« of this description, for in " Largo al Facto tum," and in «ovoral othor placea in tho " Barber," ! there aro strains which forcibly awaken memories of "lion Giovanni," and in "Don Giovanni" itsalf thero aro strains which awaken inomorioa of Haydn. Signor Sbriscia pang the Bolo very nioely. The role of Don Asdrubol waa well Huatainad by Signor Pietro Favos, a moriloriou* artist, who haa been a member of several Italian opora componías in Sydney duri»g . past years. It is almost needless to Bay that with such a cast tho performance of the work in a musical senso waa cminontly successful. " Frnani," "Tho Masked Ball," and "Crispiuo" have oocupied tho company during tho week. On Monday evening Mr. A. Williamson gave a con cert in the Protestant Hall, but tho woathor waa eo j tn i favour ablo that thoro was only a thin attendance. Tho einging, tho instrumental muaio, and tho fracefnl ! and picturesque dancing of Miss Lily Garten, in j Highland costume, were all much udmirod. I The musical festival in connection with tho Congrogutional Jubilee, whi'h took placo on Monday night, in tho Congregational Church, Pitt-street, was largely attend od. Tho principal soprani wore Mr-». Dobbie nee Ki«; II. ? A. Foxttll, and Mrs. Gray nae Miss Jamos; tenor, ¿lr. W. Smith; baritone, Mr. A. Fairfax. The programme 'consisted of pieces solected from the works of Handel, ^Beethoven, Spohr, Mendelssohn, and othor masters. The chorus comprised tho united choirs of the Con- j gTegational churches in and around Sydney. Mr. H. 1 C. Kent, M.A., acted as conductor, and Mr. A_ Rea as organist. j ! At the Opera House " Manola " still bears undis- | puted poBSesaion, and really it Beams, to judge by the excellent buainats donc, aa if Hr. Dunning miff ht not only safely, but alto profitably co ut inna the oharming little opera for several wooka to ooma. Eren now it ia not Baie to say whan, it will bo withdrawn. Bat a« tho maxuigeiaent hare thought well to under line an opera oonipü'rütivóly novr to us here, namoly, ' " The King's Dragoona," lt may betaken for granted that the day« of "Manola" axe for tha presant . numbertjd. It is unnecessary to say moro of, tho opera than has already bees said, : for the renton that all that is possible, 1 or, at all ev<rat i deairablo, to say haa already f ourtd OÍ pression, in -Lhotse columns. Miao Ivanovo, Mi«» ; Kate Ohw.rd, Mr. Appleby, Mr. Loredan, Mr. Haxrr Power, ai:d othar ladies and gentlemen of the cora- ; 1 pany seem to vio with eaoh other in rendering the opera a sucosas, wliioh is probably the reason why it . , is eucceBsful. I A new opum company for the provinces is now in ' oom-pn of formation under the skilful management of Mr. Jolm Scantlebury. Amoxg those who will for« tho company may bo mentioned Miss Josephina Deakin, Mise Devonport, Mr. Cávynor, Mr. Yerno» : Bei«L To these will doubtless be added many mora, < with whom, we understand, Mr, Scantlebury ia now j in course of negotiation. I _- , 