THE WALKINGSHA W-CUM CRAWCOUR CASE. ACTION FOR MALICIOUS PROSECU TION. Damages Laid at £1000.y At tho Turn Verein yesterday Michael Craw cour, pawnbroker, of Nelson place, Williams town, was sued before Mr Justice Holroyd and a jury of twelve in an action of tort, to wit:—William John Walkingsbaw by DaTid Gaunson, his attorney sues Michael Crawcour, who has been summoned to answer the plaintiff by a writ issued on the 19th day of April, 1883, for that the defendant falsely and maliciously and without any reasonable or probable cause caused and pro cured one Joseph Godfrey Abraham to appear before a justice of the peace of the central bailiwick of the colony of Victoria, and charge the plaintiff with hiring committed wilful and corrupt perjury, and therefore the defendant falsely and maliciously and without any reasonable or probable oause caused and procured the plaintiff to be, and the plaintiff was therefore sum moned to appear before certain justices of the peace of the Baid bailiwick to answer the matters of the said charge, and therefore the defendant falsely and maliciously and without reasonable or probable canse, caussd and procured the said Joseph Godfrey Abrahams to prosecute and continue the said charge before the said justices afore said, and thereby caused the said justices to commit the plaintiff for trial, and compel the plaintiff to find bail for his appearance at such trial, and thereupon the defendant falsely and maliciously, and without reason able or probable eause, procured the plaintiff to be tried upon the said charge at the April sittings of the Central Criminal Court of the colony of Victoria before a jury and a judge of tho Supreme Court of the Eaid colony and thereupon such . proceeding woro taken at the said trial, that tho said jury by direction of His Honour, the said presiding judge, acquitted the plaintiff of the said charge, and thereupon the plaintiff was discharged out of custody and the said prosecution was thereby determined and by reason of the premises the plaintiff has been injured in his credit and reputation, aud suffered pain of body and mind, and was prevented from attending to his business, and incurred expense in defending himself from the said charge, and the plaintiff claims £1000.” The counsel retained in the case were Mr Purves and Mr Mitchell, instructed by Mr Gaunson, for the plaintiff; and Mr Isaacs and Dr Madden for the defence. Mr Mitchell read the indictment. Mr Purves then proceeded to lay the facts hefore the jury, and pointed out that the plaintiff had been maliciously and wilfully presented on trial under a false charge. More cruelty had never been done. Plain tiff, who was at present a constable of water police, and now aged 26, had for some years been an apprentice on board H.M.C.S. Cerberus. The defendant Michael Crawcour had been, among other things—he would ask them to note the other things— the holder of a pownbroker’s lieenso at Hotham. Previous tc this Mr Crawcour had boon fined by the Williamstown bench for smuggling. This was not an ordinary case, but a downright deliberate scheme discovered by \Valkinshaw. Craweour was not only con victed of smuggling, but fined £100. This action culminated in an ill-feeling in March, owing to the refusal of the Hotham bench to renew Crswcour’s pawnbroking license. Mr McKean on that occasion appeared for Crawcour and asked a series of questions, to which he would draw their attention. (Mr Pnrres here reiterated the questions asked at the Hetham Police Court.) The first witness called was Elias Job Ham, J.P., who deposed that an information had been aworn before him by Mr Abraham against the present plaintiff, in coneeqnenee of which he had issued the summons produced. Mr Abraham and Mr Lcnnard, of McKean and Lennard, were both presont. Mr Donavan, chief clerk in the Municipal Police Court, remembered the beginning of March last, when Mr McKean came to his office. He brought a draft information, and asked him to issue a summons or warrant on it against Walkinshaw. Mr Michael Crawcour was also present. As there was no name on the draft summons he explained the circumstances to Mr Call, who asked why it had not been sworn at the Hotham Police Court. William John Walkinshaw said: I am a water-police constable stationed at Williams town: am the plaintiff in this action, and remember the 1st of March last; was od that day sent by my superior officer to the Hotham Police Court in case I should bo called upon to prove that Crawcour had been fined £100 for smuggling; was called by Mr McKean, solicitor for Crawcour, who asked me, “Were you ever in trouble yourself?” I replied, " Yes, I have been in trouble over this smuggling case of Crawcour’s he next asked me, “Were you ever charged with stealing a purse at a fire?” I said, “Yes, and honorably acquitted, as the purse was found afterwards;” he next asked, “Did you ever get three months in gaol ?” I said, •‘Never;’’ he next asked, “Did you ever get fourteen days or seven daysto each of these I replied, “ Never;” he then sat down and Crawcour whispered in his ear, when he asked if I had been sentenced to a month in gaol by the. Williamstown bench; I said, “Never;” that was all the questions asked ; shortly after X had a subpoena sent to me to appear against Mr Abrahams on the 8tb March over the same license ; I went, bnt was not called, and the application was granted to Abrahams; Crawcour spoke to me the same day; he said smiling, “ I’ve got niy license, I’ll fix you now, you haven’t got much more money left to pay Gaunson, I will lay a charge of perjury against you there and then, I am going down to the Carberus to- see what sentence you have done X did not reply J three days after a summons was served on me, and it came on for hearing at Hotham; I appeared to answer it on the 22nd March ; that case cost roe £4 6s 6d, £3 3a for Mr Gaunson and £1 2s Gd as a retainer fee for you (Mr Purves) ; the outcome of those proceedings was that I was committed for trial, and allowed out on £100 bail; Mr McKean prosecuted for Abraham ; Crawcour was sitting in the court, and also gave evidence ; I subsequently took my trial on the 10th April, and was defended by you (Mr Purves) and Mr Gaunson and acquitted } my defence cost £16 5s for your (Mr Purves) fees and £15 to Mr Gaunson ; was twelve weeks suspended, but got all my money after reinstatement; in court Crawcour was asked questions about Abrahams; heard mm mention about a conversation occurring be tween them on a Sunday in March ; heard him ask what reason he had for swearing an information against him (witness) in agree ment with Abrahams; he replied, "Icannot tell;” after being acquitted I left the dock, and on going outside saw Crawcour, who had just received money as a witness; he said, “ I have not done with you yet;” two gentlemen were present; Mr Gaunson took me away; I supported my family during •my suspension by borrowing money ; I had been previously tried by a board at Wil liamstown on four charges. (The witness enumerated the substance of the charges.) That examination cost me £50. Cross-examined by Mr Isaac : I was sent by my superior officer to the Hotham police conrt to swear Mr Crawconr was fined £100 for smuggling ; the smuggling referred to was one of cigars smuggled from R.lt.S. Peshawur. (The evidence here given was simply a recapitulation of that previously published in the local papers). Suspected Crawconr of being concerned ; it takes a clever man to catch Crawcour; (Mr Isaacs : It would be clever to catch you, too). Mrs Frewin never swoie that she saw me in that boat, but a man like me; I received £25 from the Government as my share of the reward ; the smuggling case came on on the 22nd November ; Crawcour did not wish me to appear on subpoena ; I replied. “ 1 bare to appear;” be told me he would give me more money than the Cnstoms would; he also told me Sergeant Daly had told him of my visit to the Commissioner of Customs ; I never told Fitzmanrice that Crawconr said he would 11 put me away ;” I nev.er told any one “ the Customs wouldn’t stand a ghost of a show ;” did tell Fitzmanrice that the evi. dence of the two lightermen would put me awaj ;. never said to Sergeant Daly “ I know I’m cooked, and will have to go for myself ;” it was in justice to the Crown that I strove to lead Sergeant Daly astray: remember Power coming from Crawcour, and offering me money, but never called him a b dog ; was committed for a breach of disci pline when a hoy—running away irom the Cerberus in 1872—and tried by court martial; I was a second-class ordinary seaman; can’t say whether I took the oath or uot on joining the Cerberus; do not think I did, as Captain Panter hardly ever swore in ; some two years after being reinstated, I took the oath ; when convicted, was ordered to he imprisoned in a cell on board the Cerberus, but it being found that it might interfere with my bodily health, I was sent to the Melbourne Gaol, but to be kept from the criminal class ; have never told Crawcour what food I had while there; could not have done so, as no one knew of the circumstance—uot even my wife; never gave Crawcour a letter to send home to my father during that time: Mi McKean never asked me if I were in the Mclbonrne Gaol; the purse I was charged with stealiug at the fire did not contain money but an amber necklace; the purse containing the money was afterwards found 1 the charge was investigated, and I was acquitted ; was never charged at any time with stealing a ring, watch or blankets; knew * man named John Bodgers about twelve years ago, but was never charged, by him with stealing money : had no personal interest in the case of the pawnbroking license ; knew Abrahams was in the employ of Crawcour ; have often borrowed money, bnt always paid it back. To Mr Purves: There is not a scintilla of truth in the assertion that I stole a ring, watch and blankets; am quite surprised to hear it; know Constable Dwyer but never told him this case was a 11 spec ” or that I was to give Mr Gaunson so much or you (Mr Purves so much.) To Mr Isaacs : Never bad it in my head the day of the trial, to bring an action, until Crawcour spoke to me ; the writ was issued the same day ; I was acquitted about half past one and the writ was issued before To Mr Purves: You (Mr Purves) have received your fees for your services. (Mr Purves sotto root : We are not in the “ spec.") Heard Sergeant Daly swear he had borrowed £100. To Mr Isaac : Cannot say what Inspector Nicholas recommended. John Cox,a juryman waspresentoaWalkin shaw’s trial, remembered the evidence given by Abraham as to the agreement between him and Crawconr to swear the information. Sergeant Ellis produced the cause list book of the Hotham police court, David Gaunson, solicitor, swore that apart from professional fees, neither himself or the counsel employed by him were interested in the case, which had not been taken np by them as a “ spec.” Mr Isaac stated he had not the slightest wish to insinuate any such allegation. This concluded the case for the plaintiff. The court then adjourned until half-past one for luncheon. On the court re-opening.\ Mr Isaacs, for the defence, submitted there was nothing to show that the plaintiff was committed for trial on the information of Abrahams; Walkinshaw must prove that Mr Crawcour did instigate these proceedings; that"they never would have been made but for him and that he had no reasonable cause to do this; he must also show that his character wnB previously unimpeached ; he (Mr Isaacs) would draw the jury’s attention to Mr McKean’s pertinacity in following question by question to the bitter end till he elicited that he was imprisoned; Walkinshaw averred that Crawcour had tried to ruin him, did the jury think Mr Crawcour would put himself in the box as a perjurer ; the notion was a speculative one, an attempt to raise money ; Walkinshaw was as deep in the mire as Crawconr in regard to the smuggling. (His Honour objected to this being put as Walkingshaw had been tried once and acquitted, and he would not allow that acquittal to be assailed by a side-wind.) William McGee, the governor of the Mel bourne Gaol, product the warrant of com mitment under the Discipline Act of 1870, for William John Walkinshaw. (Hi* Honor refused to admit the document. as evidence, as Walkinshaw had admitted he had been punished for the offence). Dr Fred Lloyd, J.P., remembered the fact of Walkinshaw giving evidence at the Hotham Police Court; the purpose of it was, as far as his memory servecl him, that the present plaintiff on being asked if he ever were in trouble, denied it. To Mr Pnrves : Mr McKean was hostile and asked the questions in his usual style, putting them pretty sharply like a shower of words. (The witness identified Abrahams as the person who appeared in the Court in the licensing case). Mr James Carroll, J.P., remembered the following questions being put to Walkinshaw; “ Where you ever in trouble ?” his reply was “No;” “Where you ever in gaol?” answer, “No;” “Do you mean to say you were never convicted for any offence ?” answer, “No.” To Mr Purves : Don’t remember any question being asked relative to a purse. The reason why I remember the three questions so well, I have previously stated arises from the consultation held by the bench of magistrates. Mr Purves : That consultation is too saered to be repeated here. ■ Kichard Frederick George Grylls, solicitor, was present at the Hotham court on the day in question. (This witness rattled off a string of questions and answers in substance similar to those before alluded to, which he said were asked by Mr McKean and answered by Walkinshaw.) These were further supple_ mented by his having heard Walkinshaw asked “Did you ever get a month?” Reply, “No ;” “What, not from the Cerberus?” Walkinshaw said “No;” Mr McKean then asked “ Do you mean to persist in what you say?” The answer was “Ido(This witness then swore to the signature of E. P. S. Sturt, Esq., an ex-magistrate, whose signature appeared attached to Walkinshaw’s warrant for commitment). . To Mr Purves: Crawcour had a- drink with me since the adjournment; my memory is a very retentive one.. (Mr Purves with , the view apparently of testing the witness’s memory, requested him to repeat the'evidenee of Dr Lloyd and Mr Carroll, and then his own evidence back wards. As the witfiess failed to perform the feat to hi« satisfaction, the learned gentleman facetiously remarked “ What a lamentable wreck your memory is ?”) Augustus Barrass Mier, describing himself a dentist, wOB .at the Hotham Court on the 1st of March. His evidence was merely in substance corroborative of that given pre vious. T „ ■ To Mr Purves: I am a "led —a cross between an'Englishman and a Welshman; a sort of half-and-half. (Mr Purves was of opinion that the “ Yeds ” all came from Pa lestine.) He had known Mr Crawcour about three months, but bad never pawned any thing with him; would be happy to draw one of that gentleman’s molars. Maurice Claringbold deposed he was a quarter-master of H.M.O.S. Cerberus; he was attached to that vessel ten years ago, and knew the plaintiff quite well; he re membered the latter being arrested for de sertion by the sergeant of police, and witness took him on board the Cerberus, where he was kept in a cell three days before being' tried by court martial; after his sentence he (witness) took him to the Melbourne gaol, and abont a month after brought him away j D=To Mr Purves: He never stole his blankets. (Mr Isaacs here asked witness if he knew whether Walkingshaw was ever chargod with stealing his blankets. HiB Honor again pointedly objected to this kind of querying, A d-'zen charges had been insinuated against the j- .o.tiff since the case began of which there was no proof.) Henry Daly, sub-inspector of police, stated that he formerly had been stationed at Wil liamstown as a sergeant; he knew the signa ture of Walkinshaw. (The pay-sheet was then produced with the seeming view of con troverting a statement Walkinshaw bad made that during his suspension he had received no pay.) That is Walkingshaw’s signature ; he would not believe Walkingshaw on his oath, from the evidence he had beard him give in the Court that day. To Mr Purves: lam the Sergeant Daly,of Williamstown; I have Known Crawcour for the past ten years in Williamstown, and also formerly twenty-five years ago in Castle maine ; I borrowed £100 from him, and never denied the fact before Inspector Nicholas; borrowed it to lend to a friend, (The witness here expressed a wish to explain the matter to his Honor; but the learned judge did not see the necessity for an explanation.) Hope I will not be compelled to give the name; it was for a gentleman in the Govern ment service ; altogether I borrowed £114; a portion of the odd money was for a friend and the remainder for myself; paid the whole amount within fifteen months’ after wards with twelve per cent, interest ; have had other dealings with Crawcour, went to the Hotham Court and gave him a good cha racter before he was fined for smuggling; never told Mr Nicholas at the-police inquiry that Detective O'Callaghan had also given Crawcour a good character; was not present at the trial of Wyberg. (Mr Purves here in quired if the witness were a full-blown in spector yet, or only half-way to it. The wit ness pointed to the insult Mr Purves sought to throw at him.) Witness would not dis ' miss men under his command for borrowing 1 money ; knew that a portion of the police i regulations ordered that n.er, in the force | were not to borrow money from the business people with whom they came in contact; ' had borrowed other small sums from Craw. J conr, such as £1 and 5s ; do not know if he : charged me interest on the os. (At the close ; of his evidence, the witness again asked leave ' of his Honor to explain his business rela | tionships with Crawcour. This was granted. [ The purport of the explanation showed that r the money bad been borrowed from Craw conr in his capacity as a money-lender, and without personal obligation.) ; To Mr Isaacs: Owe Crawcour nothing; • am not and never was in his power. ’ Michael Fitzmaurice, constable stationed 1 at Williamstown, knew Walkinshaw ; from : certain admissions be had made to him (wit ness) he would not believe him on his oath. To Mr Purves : Walkinshaw had acknow ledged to him that he had assisted to smuggle the cigars into the boat; this was the day previous to the smuggling trial; know Crawcour ; had no dealings with him except buying two chisels; don’t know if he would believe Crawcour on his oalh. (The wiiness on again being pressed, replied, " No, I would not.") The court adjourned till ten o’clock 