COUNTOV IMTPIUAFMrr (From our own Corresnandentg.! MANNUM. February lfl. I Although quiescent for the past few weeks jour correspondent has by.no means given up the ghost altogether, and would demonstrate the fact of his existence by laying the quill on heavily but that: there ' is nothing of sufficient ^impor-1 tance to make a fuss a^out.* ■With. otber townships similarly situated,, where prosperity or' adversity depends in a great measure upon ' agri cultural pursuits, we feel the depressing influence of a poor harvest, and were it not for the. indomi table " try again " spirit of the majority of our farmers we should have to deplore a general shifting to fresh fields and pastures new, instead of the one or two solitary cases of - removal that have occurred. The utility of our dock is now proved to a demonstration, for it is constantly occupied, either: by steamers or barges undergoing repairs. . The Blanche has got out after receiving a thorough, overhaul. New deckhouses have been added, and the whole ship has been materially strengthened throughout. Her release from dock waB cele brated by a trip to the Murray Bridge, her genial skipper (Capt. Upton) giving invitations ad libi tum. A most enjoyable day was spent, although the river was'somewhat rough and the. wind strong and cold. The engine answered admirably, and the vessel did the trip in goo^time arriving home about 8.30 p.m. The thanks of all who participated-in the trip are due fc£ Capt. Upton for his generous hospitality, and are'trust that it will not be long ere we shall have the pleasure of renewing our acquaintance with him. On TTriday last we'-were f kyore'd withja JvUit from the Lynch' Family of Bfellringere.-* *' Their efforts to amuse were rewarded by the unstinted applause of & house -Jairlj- well filled, and the .performance seemed to give universal satisfaction.' As a result of the recent hot and dry weather ophthalmia has beep qpusually,prevalent in tbis diBtrict,:and'now that we have experienced; a' change and1 are getting some refreshing rains apd beautifhUy-; cool days it is to be hoped that further infection will be prevented. 1 