CHAPTER XXVI. "ROSES CHOKED AMONO THORNS AND THISTLES." Lady Lesbia eat no luncheon that day. She went to her own room and had a cup of tea, to Bteady her nerves, and sent to ask Lady Kirkbank to go to her as soon as she had finished luncheon. Lady Kirkbank's luncheon was a serious business, a substantial leisurely meal with which she forti- fied herself for the day's work. She found Lesbia in her white muslin dressing gown, with cheeks as pale as the gown she wore. Have you any idea how much I owe Seraphine and Ca- buchón?" she asked, looking up despairingly at Lady Kirkbank. v" What, have they sent in their bills already ?" " Already ! I wish they had sent them before. I should have known how deeply I was getting into debt." "Are they very heavy ?" "They are dreadful. L owe two thousand pounds. How can I tell Lady Maulevrier that ? Two thousand pounds I lt is awful." "There arc women in London who would think very little of owing twice as much,,r said Lady Kirkbank. " Two thousand pounds ! It certainly is rather stiff." " Seraphine is a cheat," exclaimed Lesbia, angrily. v "My dear child, you must not say that. Seraphine is positively moderate." " And Mr. Cabuchón, too. The idèa of his charging me three hundred guineas for re-setting those stupid old amethysts." " My dear, you would have diamonds mixed with them," said Lady Kirkbank, reproachfully. "I must write to my grandmother by this afternoon's' post," said Lesbia, with a heavy sigh. (Continued on page 10). "Impossible. We have to be at the Ranelagh by four o'clock. Smithson and some other men are to meet us there. I have promised to drive Mrs. Mostyn down with us. You had better begin to dress." " But I ought to write to-day. [ had better ask for this money at once. You say my grandmother is not a rich woman ?" "Not rich as the world go en now-a-days. Nobody is rich now, except your commercial magnates, like Smithson. Great peers, unless their money is in London ground rents, are great paupers. I don't suppose two thousand pounds will break your grandmother's bank ; bub it is a large sum to ask for at the end of two months. If you were engaged, now-about to make a really good match- you could ask for the money as a matter of course ; but, as it is, although you have been tremendously admired, from a practical point of view you are a failure. Don't tell your grandmother anything about the bills for a week or two," said Lady Kirkbank, soothingly. " The creatures can wait for their money. Give yourself time to think." "I will," answered Lesbia, dolefully. " One can see the season is waning, when these people begin to pester with their accounts," said Lady Kirkbank, who always talked of tradesmen as if they were her natural enemies. Lesbia accepted this, explanation of the avalanche of bills, and never suspected Lady Kirkbank's influence in the matter. It happened, however, that the chaperone, having her own reasons for wishing to bring Mr. Smithson's suit to a successful issue, had told Serâphine and the other people to send in their bills immediately. Mr. Smithson appeared in Arlington Street. He was par- ticularly desirous that Sir George and Lady Kirkbank, with Lady Lesbia, should stay at his Berkshire place during the Henley week. Lady Kirkbank felt that this invitation was a turning point, and that if Lesbia went to stay at Rood Hall her acceptance of Mr. Smithson was a certainty. Lesbia at first expressed a strong disinclination to go to Rood Hall. There would be a most unpleasant feeling in stopping at the house of a man whom she had refused, she told Lady Kirk- bank. "My dear, Mr. Smithson has forgiven you," answered her chaperone. " He is the soul of good nature." "One would think he was .accustomed to be refused," said Lesbia. " I don't want to go to Rood Hall. Could not I run down to Grasmere for a week, and see dear grand- mamma? I could tell her about those dreadful bills." " Bury yourself at Grasmere in the height of the season ! Not to be thought of ! No I If you can't make up your mind to go to Rood Hall, George and I must make up our minds to stay away. But it will be rather hard lines ; for that Henley week is quite the jolliest thing in the summer." "Then I'll go," said Lesbia, with a resigned air. So the invitation was accepted, and Mr. Smithson imme- diately laid himself at Leshia's feet, as it were, with regard to all other invitations for the Henley Festival. "Whom should he ask to meet her, whom would she have ?" " You are very good," she said, "but I have really no wish to be consulted. I could not presume to dictate." " But I wish you to dictate. I wish you to be imperious in the expression of your wishes. Have you no particular friends of your own choosing whom you would like me to ask ?" Lesbia confessed that she had no such friends. She liked everybody tolerably, but she had not a talent for friendship. "Then let me be sure I do not ask any of your pet aver- sions," said Mr. Smithson. " You met Mr. Plantaganet Parsons, the theatrical critic, at my house. Shall we have him?" " I like all amusing people." "And Horace Meander, the poet. Shall we have him? He is brimful of conceits and affectations, but he's a tre- mendous joke." "Mr. Meander is charming." " Suppose we ask Mostyn and his wife ? Her scraps of science are rather good fun." " I haven't the faintest objection to the Mostyns," replied Lesbia. "But who are ' we ?' " " We, are you and I, for the nonce. The invitations will be issued ostensibly by me, but they will really emanate from you." " I am to be the shadow behind the throne," said Lesbia. " How delightful!": " I would rather you were the sovereign ruler on the throne," answered Smithson, tenderly. " That throne shall be empty till you fill it." "Please go on with your list of people," said Lesbia, checking this gush of sentiment. Other people's names were suggested by Mr. Smithson and approved by Lesbia, and a house-party of about four- teen in all was made up. They drove down to Rood Hall during the week, Sir George conveying them in his drag, with a change of horses at Maidenhead. The weather was peerless ; the country exquisite, the drive delightful. It was a few minutes after tlve when the coach drove into Mr. Smithson's Park, and Rood Hall lay on the low ground in front of them, with its back to the river. It was an old red brick house, in the Tudor style, with an advanced porch and four projecting wings, three storeys high, with picturesque spire roofs, overtopping the main building. Lesbia went up the grand staircase, through the long corridors, in a dream of wonder. All was sound and substantial, as if created yesterday, so well preserved had been the goods and chattels of the noble race, and yet all wore such unmistakeable marks of age. The deep rich colouring of the wainscote, the faded hues of "the tapestry, the draperies of costliest velvet and brocade were all sobered by the passing of years. Lady Leshia's bedroom was the state-chamber which had been occupied by kings and queens in days of yore. " I am afraid you are spoiling me," she told Mr. Smith- son, when he asked if she approved of the rooms that had been allotted to her. " I feel quite ashamed of myself among the ghosts of dead and gone queens." " Why so? Surely the royalty of beauty has as divine a right as that of an anointed sovereign." " I hope the royal personages don't walk," exclaimed Lady Kirkbank in her girlish tone. " This is just the house in which one would expect ghosts." The windows of the drawing-room and music room and hall room opened on to this terrace, and the royal wing the tower-shaped wing, now devoted to Lady Lesbia, looked upon the terrace and the river. " Lovely as your house is altogether, I think this river ?view is the best part of it," said Lady Lesbia. " I think I shall spend half of my life at my boudoir window, gloating .over that delicious landscape. " Mr. Meander, the poet, was discoursing to a select group. Mrs. Mostyn, as a still newer light, discoursed as eloquently to a little knot of women, upon the anatomical structure and individual peculiarities of various iusects. " You don't like gnats !" exclaimed the lady ; "how very extraordinary. Do you know, i have spent days and weeks upon the study of their habits and dear little ways. I went without so much as a cup of tea for twenty-four hours, watching my gnats, for fear the opening of the door should startle them, lt was dreadful, but I had my reward." "How interesting, how noble of you," exclaimed the other ladies ; and then they began to talk about bonnets, and about Mr. Smithson. They wondered, too, whether Lady Lesbia Haselden meant to marry him. "Of course she does, my dear," answered Mrs. Mostyn, decisively, " you don't suppose that after having studied the habits of gnats I cannot read such a poor shallow crea- ture as a silly vain girl." The next day was given up first to seeing the bouse, an amusement which lasted very well for the first hour after breakfast, then to wandering, boating, dinner, and music. The festivities were late on this second evening, but the house party were not the less early on the following morning, which was the first Henley day. lt was a peerless morning, and all the brasswork of Mr. Smithson's launch sparkled and shone in the sun as she lay in front of the terrace. Leshia's Chaumont costume was a success ; and Mr. Smithson felt that the liege lady of his life, the woman he meant to marry willy nilly, would be the belle of the race- course. Mor was he disappointed. So, when it became known that the beautiful Lady Lesbia Haselden was on board Mr. Smithson's launch it was almost mobbed in the intervals between the races. " What are the people ail staring and hustling each other for?" asked Lesbia, innocently. "What do they all want ?" " I think they want to see you," said Mr. Smithson-" a very natural desire." Lesbia laughed, and lowered the big yellow sunshade so as to hide herself altogether from che starers, and pretended to be interested in the racing-she pretended to be gay, but her heart was as heavy as lead. That burden of debt, which had been growing ever since Seraphine sent in her bill, was weighing her down to the dust. She owed three thousand pounds ! The sum was con- tinually sounding in her ears like the cry of a screech owl. The very ripple of the river flowing so peacefully under the blue summer sky seemed to repeat the words. Three thousand pounds ! "Is it much?" she wondered, having no standard of comparison. "Is it very much more than my grandmother will expect me to have spent in the time ? Will it trouble her to have to pay those bills ? Will she be very angry?" She had told Lady Maulevrier nothing about them as yet. She had allowed herself to be advised by Lady Kirkbank, and she had taken time to think. She meditated perplexedly about her grandmother's income. She had never heard the extent of it, but had taken for granted that Lady Maulevrier was rich. Would three thousand pounds make a great inroad on that income ? No doubt Lady Maulevrier had saved money ; yes, she must have saved thousands during her long seclusion, Lesbia argued. Her grandmother had told her that she was to look upon herself as an heiress. This could only mean that Lady Maulevrier had a fortune to leave her ; and this being so, what could it matter if she had anticipated some ol her portion ? And yet, and yet, there was in her heart oí hearts a terrible fear of that stern dowager, of the cold scorn in those splendid eyes when she should stand revealed in all her foolishness, her selfish, mindless, vain extrava- gances. She, who had never been reproved, shrank with 1 a sickly dread from the idea of reproof ; and to be told that her career as a fashionable beauty had been a failure, that would be the bitterest pang of all. Soon came luncheon, and Heidseck, and then an after- noon which was gayer than the morning had been, inasmuch as every one talked and laughed more after luncheon. And then there was five o'clock tea on deck, under the striped Japanese awning, to the i ingle of bani os. enlivened bv the wit of black-faced minstrels. It was a gay scene, and Lesbia gave herself up to the amusement of the hour, and talked and chaffed, as she had learned to talk and chaff in one brief season, holding her own against all comers. Rood Hall looked lovely when they went back to it in the gloaming, an Elizabethan pile crowned with towers. " Nice old place, isn't it ?" asked Mr. Smithson, seeing Leshia's admiring gaze as the launch neared the terrace. They two were standing in the bows apart from all the rest.! " Nice ! it is simply perfect." " Oh, no, it isn't. There is one thing wanted yet." "What is that?" "A wife. You are the only person who can make any house of mine perfect. Will you ?" He took her, hand, which she did not withdraw from his grasp. He bent his head and kissed the little hand in its soft Swedish glove. " Will you, Lesbia ?" he repeated earnestly, and she answered, softly, "Yes!" That one brief syllable was more like a sigh than a spoken word, and it seemed to her as if in the utterance of that word the three thousand pounds had been paid. 