i T5JRF TOPICS, AND- ANTICIPATIONS- Br Aaaotinira. ; -The oxistenco-of sueli a flourishing institution , as tlio Victorian 'Club — tho duly recognised hot- ting.tribuna.1 of -tho colony — is naturally becom ing of importanco in its relationship to tho wol- faro, of tlio tnr/. Personally I. am numborod , among those who aro of belief that racing would soon, dwindle into comparative insigniflcanco as a- public pastitno- but for its association with betting and other forms of speculation, so boun tifully indulged in by tho sport loving population of theso colonics. Betting is, in truth, tho life's blood of the turf; and' without tho stupendous issue at stako in this- respoct on- tho principal items in tho racing calendar, popnlar interest in racing, puro and siraplo,. would bo ro- dncod to a minimum. Snch nu admission may sound distastefully in tho cars of those who are outside 'tho sporting pale, but it3. veracity is duly admitted by. those whoso experience best qualifies them-to advnnco an opinion on tho sub ject ; and as tho interests, of racing aro therefore recognised by raoing. men in general to bo in separable from tho interests of betting,, it is only natural that the latter, iiko tho former, should havo its recognised institutions formed ex pressly to govern and regulato- it3 deal ings with tho turf. Of' these the Ylotoriau Club has rocontly attained a position of dignity never previously hold by any as sociation formed on similar lines, and its exis tence at the present time is a matter of con gratulation to that important' section of tho sporting community, who regard specula tion as ono of tho chiof ohannels of amusement connected with tho pursuit of tho national pastimo. Aflluonco. as well as influence has gone hand- in hand in builUing up tho repu tation and' position of our premier betting tri bunal, and of this there is demonstrative proof in tho rcchcrchd bill of. faro which tho club intend to submit for approval at Fiomington this after noon, whon tho stnkos olTorod for compotitibu arc snbsidisod to tho cxtont of £H50. This sounds liko a dashing bit of outorpriso on tho part of tho prosporouB " Victorians," andit ib tobo hoped that their efforts will ho sufficiently, countonanced by thu raco going public, so as to roliove them from any pecuniary loss with rospcct to tho- under taking on hand, Tho unforeseen intorforcuco oi.tho return intoruational crickot match will no doubt deprivo Fiomington of a. largo amount of patronago which would othorwiso havo fallen to ;its share, but, nevertheless, tho attractions held -forth this-aftornoou—tho'prospoct of witnesaihg a slashing sot-to for tho Victorlan Clnb Cup, also ; for tho Bookmakers' Purao, to Day nothing of snch 1 well' framed- competitions ob- tho Hurdlo Itaco, Stooploehaso, Two-year-old Stakes, &e;,— aro well calculated to draw an imposing "audience." And so b'o i fr,sayl. Beforo proceeding to deal separately with tho several evonts which aro to form tho subjoct of discussion this aftornoon, it-would boaswcll to notify that sinco tbo publication of tho country edition of The Leader tho acceptances, which mado thoir appoarancos Bnbsequcntly, bavo neces sitated a rovision of -my original romarks in con nection with certain of tho evonts. Not that I havo occasion to mako any alteration in my straight out soloctions. 'The revision will bofonnd to apply moro particularly to unimportant substi tutions which havo had to bo mado for -places in casc3 whore tho names of cortain non- acceptors or othors who aro undor a cloud havo appoarod. To bogin, then, this afternoon's business will bo introduced with tho Hurdlo Hacc, tho acceptors for which havo dwindled down considerably. Of tho sovon remaining candidates, Dhurringilo now remains at tho head of tho poll, with the steadier .'of 12 at. 1 lb, on his back. Although his condi tion on Now Ycar'B day was suggestivo of somo room for improvement, I doubt his ability to score another victory against snch horses as llhcsus- and Gamo, the last-named of which has been laid np in lavender for somo timo past. Ho lias, np to the present, boon a most disappointing horso to tho Bowling Forest stablo, but there must bo something good in him, othcrwiso ho would not have been persoverod with this long. Liko Left Bower ho may thoroughly compensate for the pationce and.troublo oxperiencod in bringing him to the post. Knowingwhata dead certainty tho Molbourno Hurdle Kacos invariably provo for tho Bowling Forest party whenover they succeed in getting on their money, I havo only to know that tho commission has been executed— odds imma terial—to influence a- haldboaded plungo on behalf of GAME, who has most to fear from Rhesus. Matador I look upon as a horso destinod to effect a big coup over tho Melbourne or Canlficid courses some day or other, but whon'I last Baw him perform at Hamilton his condition was so backward that I scaicoly think ho has had sufficient timo to per fect a thorough preparation. Ho will undoubtedly prove his worth over the small oticks whon Rex, his traincr, succeeds in getting tho handsome and well-bred son of Tim Whiffler chorry ripe. In tho case of a surpriso Bnnstan-is tho only animal I fear. In the Two-year-old Stakes Buenna, Iko and , Lady Jcrvois aro each pretty well steadied with -weight; and I am inclined to cnt tho cards lower down- tho pack in tho hope of turning ovor tho tramp tickot. The South Australian filly, Gymkhana, is highly spoken of, and is said to bo a consistent: performer on tho turf of tho sister colony. A two- year-old handicap is at all. timc3 a treacherous snbjoct whoroon to hazard an : opinion,, ahd-without going into tho " whys " and. " wherefores," I shall scloct QUALITY and THE KING'S SON to beat tho field. Tho decision of the Victorian Club Cup will ho looked forward, to as tho ovent 'par excellence of tho day, and' notwithstanding tho largo numbor of horses which havo not boon reconciled to tho lines laid down for thorn by Sir. E. T. Barnard, thoro isstiil both Buffioiont quantity and quality left to insure a tiptop contest. Among tho absentees aro - several animals who wonld havo possessed excellent- winning chances if fit and well, notably, '.Commotion, 0 st. 121b.; Swoot William, 8 st. 7 lb ; Jessio, 7 St.. 101b.; Golstonn, 7 Bt. i lb.; Calma,. 0 Bt. 13 lb.; and King of tho- Vale., 0 st. 10 lb., - bnt as tho majority , of theso are dead amiss, at tho present, time, .thoir non-acccptanco. is readily accounted for. I oxpcct to soo 11 or IS horsos at: tho- post, mado up of the following MOBADLE STARTERS:— noixo aud Culore.. su lb;- Jockey. Gudarx <att black) .. ... 8' 4 Hales Odd Triric (blue, rod cap).. .. 8 8-- O'Brion VVUIeroo (scarlet, black cap) . . 8. -2 FiylnRpan (block jockot; whito Bash, whito cap) 8 2 Tralian . Promothcus (block, gold seams).. 7 11 Uurphy, llaron von Uucllor (tartan jacket, yellow cap), .. .. .. 7 11 Rawliiigs Lothalr (scarlet, whito star, ' scarlet cap) 7 0 Thornton Pcllio (scarlot jacket, black cap) 7 8 lUlby Coriolanus (wlilto Jacket, black Bleovos, red and black cap) . .. - 7 7.- Burton Magnet (black, wlilto sasb, black and wblto cop) 7 4 Power Llttlo Jack (whito, black cap) .. 7 2 St. Albans Anglesey (maroon jacket, maroon and silver cap) .. .. .. 7 1 Williamson Lord of Clyde (yellow jacket -scarlet- cap)' .. ... .. 0 12 Smith Losbla (blue, straw Boah-and cap) 0 8 Oracknell Queen Mary (black, scarlot cap)., 0 3 Nicholson Kathleen Mavournccn (yellow scarlet cap) .. .. ' 0 0 Oplo Of tho 43 horsos . originally handicapped 20 still remain, and' of- theso Gudarz, 8 st. 4 lb.j- occupies foremost placo on- tho list. This colt has displayed greatly improved form in tho majority of his races thi3 season, and aftor his victory in tho Y.R.O. Handicap thoro is no knowing what ho is capabla of accomplishing. I lcol' assured wo' havo not yot seen tho best of him, but in face of tho oxtraordiuary in and out running of ' tho' Terrava representatives this ccasoii— tho. ball boing. sot rolling, by Malmaison at Randwick early in tho spring — it is just possible tbat Gudarz may tako it into his: bead -to rohoarso his Spring. Handicap running, when' ho cnt a most' ignominious figure in tho rear of a comparatively., weak fiold. Odd Trick has 0 lb. moro to oarry than when ho proved victorious on Now Year's day, and as tho dis tance is a quarter of a milo shorter, this circuui. stanco is all in favor of tho handsome chestnut, who is in . groat Lucklo just now. Willeroo, 8 st. 2 lb,, is also in rare form, -and: tho confi dence with which tho dollars havo been planked down on his bohalf wonld indicate that hi3 party- -think highly -of thoir. chanco.. Al though there can bo no donying tho fact that ho is uncommonly wall treated in com parison with his numerous victories recently nehioved. in tbo. slater colony, I think ho v.ill find tho company, a trillo superior to v hat ho has boen accustomed to moot on tho other sido of. tlio Murray, aud for. this- reason I am not so onamorcd' of his chanco as are cortain of his most faithful, supporters. Frying Fan is handieappod-at tho samo vroight as Wflloroo, and I 'fail to convinca myself that . ho is so. leniontiy. treated oa a numbor of horses either abovo or ho-' low him. Prometheus and Baron Von Muoller aro both placed at 7 st. 2 Ib. Tho first named. o£ tho pair is not forward enough, whilo tho lattor will' find tho diBtanco boyond his kon. Tbo Plunger 7> st, 10 lb., Magnot 7 st. 4 lb., and Anglesoy 7 st. 1 lb,, a trio which finished " all of a hoap " on Now Yoar'a day, aro Bplcndidly handicappod on that pcrformanco ; and as tho battlo will bo rcfought over precisely tho samo ground, it is no easy matter to mako a soloction, moro especially as all threo aro among tho most improving.colts of thoir year. Anglesey is, however, an unkind finisher, at any rate ho showed symptoms of shirking it on New Year'B day, othcrwiso I would bo inclined to award him tho proforonco ; and as Magnot has boon doing famously sinco bis victory iu tho Three-year-old Handicap, it would perhaps ho safer to trust to Mr. Pear son's colt. Lothairis return to tho legiti mate business, aftor a most successful career ovor tho small sticks, is countenanced in sovcral quarters, and with tho favorahlo im post of 7 st, 0 lb. numorous good judges havo already identified thomsclvcs with tbo hurdlo racer. Prior to his relogation to tho jumping trndo Lothair exhibited something moro than avorago ability on tho flat, notably when as a tbree-yoar-old ho ran fourth to Grand Flanour for tho Molbourno Cup. I fancy, however, that weight-carrying is his forte, and on this account I should bo moro partial to his chanco were tho classification for tho Cup basod on a heavier standard than that adopted by Mr. Barnard in: tho present instance. Aa tho handicap now xo- maina, it 13 comparatively a light ono— a circum stance loss favorahlo to Lothair than to a majority of tho remaining intending competitors. Tho Bowling Forest representative may, nevertheless, prove himself good enough to win for all that, and- lor my own part I am inclined to stand him in proforonco to PoIIio, 7 st. 8 lb. ; Paul, 7 st. 41b.; Littlo Jack, 7 at. 2 lb.; Lord of Clydo, Gat, 121b.; Queen Mary, Gst. 3 lb., and Kathleen Mavonr- neen, G Bt. Now that Coriolanus has been, awarded a reasonable burden (7 st. 7 lb.), his prospects of securing distinction in handicap company may be worth considering ; but oven at this reduced weight tho distanco may not bo long enough to enable him to distinguish- himsolf, inasmuch as staying is nndonbtedly more bis forts than brilliancy of pace. Although hitherto an overrated animal, his present impoBt ehould materially assist him in running well . forward, and as I hear that ho has dono some thing uncommonly good at Cheltenham, it would appear as if hi3 absent owner, Mr. R. K. Mait- land, will at last stand a good show of boing, compensated for tho numerous disap pointments oxpcrionccd with last year's Champion Stakes winner. Mistakon has dis appointed tho St. Albans stablo so repeatedly that thoy may bo chary of awarding him any further confidonco ; but, oa. tho strength of his rnnning in tho Midsnmmor Handicap, ho ought to provo hard to beat, Ho moots both Odd Trick and Lcsbia on considerably hotter terms than on tho occasion referred to, and, as tho distanco will about suit him, I for ono am highly apprehensivothat- Mistaken has an exeollont opportunity of breaking tho long spell of ill-luck which ha3 characterised his throe-year old career. Tho manner in which Eriethonens has boen bnoked fortho Purso is suggestivo that ho will ho reserved especially for that event, though, for all that is known, ho may bo good onongh to win tho double. To bring ray snm- ming up of tho Club Cup to a climax, I shall plump outright for CORIOLANUS, and leave place honors to bo fought out by Odd Trick, Little Jack and Magnet. Provided a sur priso is in store, recommond mo to Qaoen Mary as tho moat likely animal to offoct the same. Thoro aro somo vory slippery enstomors on- ' gaged in tho Selling Raco, including Tho. Ghost, Cremorne, Robert thoDovil, Bouquet, Drumstick and tho Soothsayor. Soeiug liow triumphantly THE. GHOST has recently pnllol mo through, I am loth to desert him now, alboit it would not surpriso mo to soo Drumstick or Cromorno. stretch his neck. Thoro will notlbo a largo' fiold for tho Stoeplo- chosfi, which onco moro. looks liko falling, to tho lot- of tho. Bowling Forest division with- either Kanaka or Clansmatt, tho last-named of which will probably bo Corrigan's mount. Ho is a rare stamp of a jumper, bat ho fell at Caalfiold'on tho occasion of his last appoaranco in. public, and on this account I aminclincd.tovoto.for KANAKA, . who is «o superior inpaco that ho has only to stand' up in ordor to will. It docs not require any stretch of imagination to comprehend that tho Bookmakers' Parso will tako an infinite amount of pioking. Tho distanco is so well within tho rango of tho Balk of tho , intending competitors that tho issue is hound to maintain its" open" character till tho winning numbor is ovcntnally hoisted. Thoro are still over twonty names oontaincd in the list of can didates, and to soloct a trio from thislot my choice shall- rest with Bassanio, Wizard' and, Eric- thoncus, and finally I shall elect ta stand or fall by BASSANIO, who has recently boon doing well nnder.Mr. W! E. Dakin's careful tuition. At tho- samo time I cannot disguise a sneaking partiality, for Eric- thoncus and Wizard, both of which ought to run wol 1 up. Fiomington at early morning.has, during the wcok, boan a source: of muoli attraction to. the professional touts and others who interest thcra- solvos in tho events to bo dooidod nndor tho auspices of tho Victoriau Club this afternoon. Monday opened very inauspiciously for visitors' to tho "classic" fl'ut. Tho dawn- of day gavo every ovidcnco of a " broiler," and- as tho morning ad- vanccd a north. wind gradually dovobped itself into a gonuiuo brickficldcr, causing tho ground- to bo desortod at. an earlier lionr.:than usual, Tho only gallop of nolo was performed by Willeroo, accompanied by Anglesoy and Lord pf Clyde; 'Tha .Victorian Cup favorite lost no timo,.' after his . arrival 1 from Syduoy,. in proceeding to business; nndrattlod'off a-milo and a half intolerably good stylo, alboit somo of tlio "pros" present wore not ; captivated by tho por|ormanco. Ho carried, the lightest boy of the throe, anil it appeared to tako him all his time to finish in advance of Anglesey, Howio gavo tho stablo companions Lothail and Ericthoneous a steady breather, boll going well. Ericthonous is built on thl linos of a thorough racohorso, possessing sizo, length and power, and a'3 ho is said to haw shown his friends something unusually gocd'al- Bowling Forest ho is no doubt destined to previ his worth. in public. Being by Maribyrnong oul of Jessie's dam, his breeding is well calculated t< holp him in giving effect to tho favorahlo opinions formed of him by tho Howio stable. Tho extension of tho V.R.C, Autumn Meeting to four days is a step in tho right direction, and ono well calculated to cause a revival of interest . in tho March Sleeting at Ficmington. The now departure has not of course been undertake) without an additional monetary outlay of some magnitude, bnt tho growing wealth of oin' premier racing institution fully justifies the cx« pcrimont, and it remains to bo Been whether 01 not this fresh enterprise will bring about tho de sired results. Tho exporionce of past years has shown that somo innovation is needed by way ol giving tho autumn reunion a fillip, and it will bs allowod that the executive havo gono to work- in tbo right direction by way of acbioving a success. If money "wont make the maro to go," then wo can rest assured that nothing else will. Judging of tho entries which havo been made fortho "mixed" meeting to bo hold at Elstcrn- wick Park next Saturday.racing promises to pre dominate overit3 kindred pastime for tho promo tion of which tho Trotting Club was especially formed. Tho nominations for tho trotting evenly compare insignificantly with thoso received' toi tho remaining itom3 oil the programme. Tb V.T.C. Handicap in particular presents a -.veil fiilod appearance. Affairs havo ovldcntly taken, a turn for tho hotter at Etstcrawick Park, and. tho prospects of witnessing a good afternoon's sport on tho now grounds havo never been so well assured as on tho present occasion. Tho Victorian Trotting Club has given due pro mincnco to the big Purao of GOO iovs., which is to form tho object oi competition at Elsternwlck in March next. Tho valtio of tho prize has al" ready attracted a notable Californian trotter in Honesty, and as Startle, Contractor, Boccaccio, Vermont jun., Von Moltko jnn., Ion Rose and others aro oxpcctod to onlor tho lists, there, every prospect of an interesting contest. Following the hustlo and excitement of to-day's racing at Flemington owners of horsos must, not forgot that their attention will bo required' at th'a offico of tlio Victoria Amateur Tnrf Club on Mon day next, whoa ontrios will require to bo mado for tho events to bo decided at Caulficld on lha 10th of February. Tho items enumerated in tha programmo'aro snob U3 to deserve liberal patron age, which will no doubt ho forthcoming. Tho Numnrkah. l'nrf Club has announced,' through tha medium of our advertising columns,'' an accoptablo programmo to bo playod out at th'd annual meeting, to bo hold on the 14th Fobrnary,' Tho Numnrkah Handicap, of GO sovs., is tha chief item contained therein, and intending no minators are reminded that entries close oil'; Thursday, tho 1st prox. ', , At a well attended mooting of tho CranbournO ' Racing Clnb, held last Saturday, a nicely ar ranged programme of events was adopted for thq. annual meeting, to bo hold on tho 34 th March'. 1 Tho list of stewards was increased by tho addf-ri . tioii of the namos of Messrs. S. Strcttlo, Crichtorfi and Spooner. , Mr. Oscar Bnrnott, a well respected member oi? tho Victorian ring, loft for. a European tour byj tho Ballarat on Thursday. On Tuesday evening. 'Mr. Burnett was entertained at dinnor by a number of his acquaintances, who mustered toi' tho tnno of forty strong at Cloment's cafe1. Konsington Pork is rapidly being denuded'oE its racing fixings, and Mr. Cox is making all hasto in tho formation of his new grounds at Mooneo Valley, where I10 hopes to reopen bnai- ncss on an improved scaic about Eastertide. " , Mr. Ross Reid, tho well known South Aus4 Lralian owner of racohorsos, meditates a trip jd tho old country, and will bo absent for aboui tweivo months. j Tho boothholdcrs evidently anticipate a goo( innings at Fiomington this afternoon, for tlis prices realised at Tuesday's .sale aro considerably in advance of thoso realised at tho last Victoriau CJUh mooting, tho aggregate amonnt reaching £170. This of course only refers to tho booths! on tho hill and fiat. It will tako a fair amount .of "swilling" to cover this amonnt. , After the experiences of tho Boxing Day. Meets? nog at CauISeld, tho committee of tho Victoria: Amatour Turf Club aro fully persuaded of tficr inadvisablencs3 of persevering with tho establish mont of an innor ring, and henceforth the boo&< makers will bo allowod to ply thoir calling as fori mcrly, to tho wostward of a lino of posts which aro to mark tbo division botwecn tho saddling! paddock and lawn. This now arrangemolatf is lilcoly to work moro harmoniously thati' tho recent experiment attomptod in connection i with tho formation of an inner ring. ' ' , Apropos of tho bookmakers aud their nssocitfJt tions with tho Caulfio'.d racocourso, I am officially informed that tho committoo havo docidod id charge an annual fee of .10 guineas for tha ' privilogo of botting within thoir enclosure, .or R guineas per day, which is- not by .any means au oxtravagant'tariff, taking into consideration tha amount of- business usually indulged' in on rata .days at Caulficld. . Inorderto anowintending'visUorstoTnsmanui sin opportunity of attending tho next Caulfiohf meeting prior to taking wing for tho island campaign, arrangements havo. boon' mado, fos steamers to leavo Molbourno 011 tho 12th and' 13th February. Extensive improvements are still in progress at Canlficid, tho principal undertaking now. on hand being tho olovationof tlio lawn, which work: iff being rapidly, proceeded with. . Judging of tho entries which havo been re ceived for tho two principle ovonts of thff inaugural meeting of tho Sandhurst Trotting .Club, to bo held at Epsom on Wodncsday next,' , thoro is .every, indication of a favorablo dll/Ht.' . ,Tbo entry, for the 2.48 class is a- splendid, on if -imd tho prospect of witnessing a brush between 'snch cracks ns- Contractor, Brown HawJq' Voa .Moltkb -jun;, Leithamstoad, . Walter Scott' ana . ,oiherBji3,a tioat that wilLnot- fall to 'ho only apj piocintod by tbo lovers of trotting at Quortzopolifc' lam given to Understand that Bcvoral cntrios lave boon received for bollr tho Walter Scott Stakes anil Spscial'Purac, but that tho entries ,havo boen allowed io remain open till Monday in deference to .tho wish of numerous owners. I may announce that the Railway department has coil- denied to allow visitors to Sandbnrat to travel at excursion fares on Tuesday ovoniug aud ou tho morning following the mooting, i Tho detailed programme of ovents to he decided 'at Warrnambool on tho occasion of tho annual Steeplechase mooting to ho held in March appoars elsowlicro, and it will bo scon that tho local 4:1 ub liavo spared; no enterprise in their endeavor . to maintain the popularity of their winter tryst. Tho bill of faro is of a most enticing description, 'and deserving of every consideration from ownors of homes. Opportunity will occur for a more extensive refercnco to the " Warrnambool week." Coriolanns' has been withdrawn from tho pri. vato sale list. It appears that Commotion has boon nominated for Ibo Ladies' purse at Pencil without the owner's consent, Mr. Pearson is naturally an- fcoyed at such an nuwarranledlibovty being taken with his horse. Mr. J. R. Cfrcoko has long sinco meditated a chango of quarters from Flomington. At first lie regarded iho new track at Elsternwiok with .favor, but after mature consideration he has dccidod to woo tho seclusion of a private retreat at Mordialloc, where Prometheus and tho re mainder of Mr. Whiitingbam's horses will tako up their abode at no distant date. Mr. W. Lang has roturncd to Flemington after a short holiday at Brighton, where change of air pud water appears to have exorcised a beneficial influence on. both King of the Yale and Petrel. Messrs. W. C. Tuiile aud Co. reports tho sale of Miss Glorious to a New South Wales racing man, and tho broad .marc Sepia, togethorwith her two- years-old filly, a yearling filly and filly foal, all by Proto-Martyr, to Mr. Albert Seiman Mr. F. Mortison has sold Beauty, to go to Now South Wales, and has throwu Miss Jano out of .pork. His string is now limited to the fractious Ganul's Chronograph. | The two-year-olds Miles and Nymph have been , withdrawn from the Flemington training tracks and will bo allowed a six months spoil, j Segcnhoc is gradually recovering from tho effects of tho severe strain ho contracted whilst ( Contesting tho Champion Stakes, and is now able to promenade the flat at Flemington in company will Middlomarcb. ilio numcrous'improvemonts to ho carried out at Flemington will ho proceeded with on Monday .Roxl, when the work of forming tho foundations of tho now stand will bo among tho first matters to recoive attention. Raillery has joined Foulsham's string at Brighton. A special general meoting of the members of the Victoria Racing Club was hold on Thursday afternoon, at Menzies' Hotel, Captain Standish occupying tii'e chair. There was a largo attend ance of members, Tho principal business before ,lhe mecling was tho revision of rales, a number of which wore gone through and approved of, tho noat important amongst them being one whieh provides that' in future all now members shall foe .charged an ontranco fco of 5 guineas. At its ris- jpg the mootjng adjourned until Thursday, tho RSthinst., when the revision of rules will further ho proceedod.'with. Although an acceptor for tho Victorian Clnb Dap, Pan! was withdrawn from the list of candi. ('datos on Thursday. | A wire froin Sydney informs mo that Mr. J Andrew Town's, sale at Hobartville on Thursday reallsod ovor. 10,000 guineas. Tho Amethyst colt fetched 050 guineas, Mr. A. F. Smart, owner of -Archie and Warwick, being iho purchaser, Tho 'yearling sistorto Richmond, Bosworlh, Palmyra, jBegonboi and .Warwick, sold for 1900 guineas, and Kingsdale's sister for 1000 guineas, Mr, ies. White being tho purchasor in each instance. Tho St. Alb'ahs team, consisting of Little Jack, .Kgsqx Lo Be'qn and Signor, arrivod at Flemington mi Wednesday, afternoon. Mistaken was an 'absentee, and doubts are consequently rifo as to nis starting for the Clnb Cap to-day. 