THE CORONATION OF THE OZA.R. At 7 o'clock on the morning of May 27 • the inauguration of'the'magnificent ceremonies attendant upon the coronation bf the Emperor,and Empress of all the Russias ] was .announced in Moscow by. the ringing <jf. fiundreds of. bells and a thunder |of . 'artillery.. Even .at that early hour the| streets were thronged with' people, visitors from abroad and from other parts pf the , empire crowding the casements, all striving to find eligible places from which to view the procession. Such places were worth a .great deal.of .money. During the,entire night .there, was unusual activity in the streets. Not only ,)vere' those people there whose .anxiety' concerning (the..coronation ,; kept them awake, hut a strong guard of 6oldiers patrolled all parts of the city, giving the streets' a very, martial appearance. Great, bodies . of, .soldiers, shortly bofote ' 6 o'clock,' were stationed along the route .of, the procession, some four miles .in length, and occupied the streets, on either side, keeping the people .on the walks. . All the unreserved spaces', in the streets ' were speedily, filled' by eager t sightseers, .while .windows, doorways, and housetops were let out at fabulous prices to visitors.' The dignitaries of the realm who were to take part in the actual ceremony assembled according to the pre-arranged programme at the Cathedral of the Holy Assumption, within the walls of the Kremlin, These functionaries entered the magmficcnt.. building at just 7.30 a.m. At about 8 there followed in order the foreign princes, the nobility of Russia and other States of Europe, and, the special and : regular ambassadors of foreign countries residing in Russia. The utmost care was exercised to prevent the admission of any . unauthorised or improper persons, each individual as he appeared at the entrance being maide to exhibit , a carefully-prepared ticket, which was subjected to the closest scrutiny. This form was observed also at 'the'wall of the Kremlin and the doors of the cathedral. At the request of General Schweinitz, the Ambassador for Germany, , eiglity.'members,' comprising the diplomatic corps, assembled at his mansion, andj were conveyed thence to., the .Kremlin 'in ' 6uperbly' equipped coaches; , Tlie remainder of .the diplomatic body, consisting of tlie attaches of the various loga- .tionsj.'worb assigned positions in a tribune jhbt'$iitside'the 1 cathedral'proper, but inside the inclosuro ofihd Kremlin. When '.' the walls of the Kremlin iriclosed all of the' ''crowd that could be admitted,'a choir of boys chanted the Te' Deum amid profound \- silence, outside the churoh as well as within jl it; .-The clergy,' accompanicd- by acolytes 'bearing a cross and" ewer (if holy water, proceeded to receive'the Czarovitch. This -scion]of royalty, who was surrounded by a brilliant cortege, took his place at the right 'hand 'of the throne: When the procession started! it'was made known'to those • insidp the cathedral by the renewed ringing o^ : bells; by'the sonorous music from scores of! \- bands, aiid by shouting from those outside. \- 'As .'the royal party appeared at the door of the palace, the immense- multitude immediately Uncovered their heads and burst into loudacclamations, in which even the women • joined, the enthusiasm being hearty and • spontaneous: At . the head of the royal barouche, which now entered the Kremlin, was'the master-of-the -ceremonies, Hanked \- by heralds richly clothed and mounted upon pure white horses. The procession was of imtfiense' length; 1 and comprised deputies . froin i: the Asiatic ^States of the Empire, students oftho University, the clergy, 'judges,' fJ nobiIity,' and 'prefects from every section of • the Empire. When the front rauk'reached the doors bf the palace it was 'mot' by the 'Emperbr,' 'wearing tlie white uniform of a colonel'bf the Imperial guard^ • and .the Empress dressed intho. Russian national costume of 'black velvet, richly "iemhroidered with diamonds, and girdled witli a magnificent belt of precious stones. rThe Empress leaned'on the ar m of her imperial cbrisort, .and'- the 'pair placed themselves behind a canopy richly wrought in silkand golfl,-held- by 32 .generals of'high military rank, Ithey then took their place near the head'of the procession, directly behind- the Tegalia. At this moment the entire body of the clergy emerged from the"cathedral,.iu order • to • meet the' regalia, which they • publicly sprinkled .with holy water and perfumed -incense. Upon entering the \- portals of the cathedral the Emperor and •Empress were'received by the Metropolitans of Moscow, of: Novgorod, and Keiff, who .presented to them'a cross to bo kissed, ! and-sprinkled them ' with holy water. .Be- \- fore 'the eacred images which flanked the doors of the cathedral the^ Emperor. and7o Empress knelt and bowed their heads, after which they were conducted to two ancient thrones of ivory and silver. The Emperor occupied the historical throne of the Czar Vladimir Morioinagere, while the Empress was seated in an armchair, gilded and encrusted with jewels. The thrones wore placed on a dais erected between the two middle columns of the cathedral, and over the dais was a canopy of scarlet velvet suspended from the arched roof. It was embroidered with gold and lined with silver brocade, which was worked with the arms of Russia and all her dependencies in the most ingenious manner. In front of the thrones were two tables covered with gold cloth, on which were 1 placed the crowns, orb,- and sceptre. Only the foreign princes were accommodated with seats. The Russian princes and the other dignitaries stood during the entire ceremony, according to the custom of tho Greek Church. The dignitaries of the realm who carried the standard and seals of the empire took their stand on the steps of the dai's. After' their Majesties were seated the metropolitan of Novgorod asked the Emperor in a loud, distinct voice, " Are you a true believer ?" The Emperor, falling on his knees, read in a.clear voice the Lord's Prayer, and Apostles' Creed according to the Greek Church, the Metropolitan responding; " May the gracc of the Holy Ghost remain with thee !" He then descended the dai's. The following customary summons was then threo times repeated by the bishop :— " If there be any of you here present knowing any impediment for which Alexander, son of Alexander, should not bo crowned, by the grace of God, Emperor and Autocrat of all the Russias, let him come forward now in the name of the Holy- Trinity, and show what the impediment is, or let him remain dumb for ever:after." Reading selections from the Gospel, the metropolitan of Novgorod and Kieff again ascended the dai": and invested the Emperor with the Imperial mantle, the Archbishop of Moscow saying at the same time, " Cover and protect thy people as this robe protects and covers thee." The Emperor responded, " I will, I will, I will, God helping." The metropolitan of Novgorod, crossing his hands on the head of the Emperor, then invoked the benediction of the Almighty God upon him and his reign, and delivered to Alexander the Third the Crown _ of Russia, which he placed on his own head, j Assuming the sceptre and orb, he took his 1 seat 'on the throne. He then returned the ( insignia of his title to the dignitaries appointed to receive them, and called the Empress, who knelt before him. He touched her head with his crown, and then formally 'crowned' her with her own crown. The bearing and attitude of the Empress as she knelt was one of ^sympathy with her royal husband, and touched the audience deeply. The Czar' preserved throughout the ceremony a grave and decorous dignity and nobleness of demeanour which aroused the : admiration of all present. After the Empress had been duly invested with the Imperial mantle, and their Majesties were both seated- on their thrones, an archdeacon intoned the Imperial titles anil • sang " Domine salvam fac imperatem," which was taken up and thrice repeated by the choir. Directly this part of tho ceremony was finished; the bells in all tho churches of Moscow rang out in a cborus, while a salute of 101 guns was fired, and inside the cathedral the members of the Imperial family tendered their congratulations to their Majesties. The Emperor then knelt and recited a prayer, at'theend of which the clergy and allipresent knelt before the Emperor. The Archbishop of Moscow said aloud, on b.:-'- lialf of tho nation, a fervent prayer of happiness to their Majesties; shouts of " Long live tho Emperor" then rent the cathedral, and were taken up by the thousands outside, arid carried from mouth to mouth; until that paTt of the multitude which was unable to get inside the ample acreage of tho Kremlin caught the sound, which waved a huge , volume of human gratulation to the remotest parts of this city. The cathedral choir then sang the Te Deum, after which the Emperor nngirded his sword, and accompanied by the Empress and numerous dignitaries, proceeded to thei gate .of the sanctuary. There the metropolitan of Novgorod anointed tho Emperor's forehead, eyelids, nostrils, and lips, ears, breast, and hands, at the same time exclaiming, " Behold the seal of the Holy Ghost; may it keep thee ever holy." The Empress was'anointed only on her forehead. Both took the sacrament, and then left the cathedral wearing their crowns and mantles; the Emperor also bearing the sceptre and rb. After praying at the Cathedral of St. Michael the Archangel, their Majesties returned to the palace, escorted by a procession which presented even a more splendid-sight than that which escorted them to the cathedral; being now' augmented by the gorgeous, state carriages of the Imperial family. Banners weTe waved from all points of the Kremlin, and the whole route of the procession fairly glowed with bright draperies and hangings. The Emperor re- entered the Pu.aca by the celebrated red staircase from whence the laws wore anciently promulgated. There he turned and saluted the people, who immediately uncovered their heads, cheering enthusiastically and blessing the Czar. The cost of the coronation is estimated at £2,000,000, which will be covered by an issue of Treasury bills. Only 13 newspaper correspondents were allowed inside the cathedral during the ceremony—six Russian and seven foreign. The latter included one English and one American correspondent. A professor of tho academy and 12 artists have been appointed to make a complete album of the events of the coronation ceremonial. The square was so densely packed that it would have been impossible for any miscreant to have extricated bis arms should he have intended to use them against the Czar. The Times correspondent, who was the only English newspaper representative in the cathedral, says the ceremony was so grand and imposing that his pen can give only a dim and imperfect impression of the event. The illumination at night was magnificent, and the city looked one mass of variegated 