THAT VETERAN. ' Served, sir I Yes, sir,' said my tattered vis-A-vie, drawing liimeelf up and touching his apology for a hat. ' Crimea and Mutiny, sir.' ' What arm ?' I asked lazily. itoyal Horse Artillery. Thank you, sir, I take it hot with sugar. It was pleasant to meet anyone who conld talk English among those barren Welsh mountains, and pleasanter still to find one who had anything to talk abont. - I had been toiling along for the last ten miles, vowing in my heart never to take a solitary walking-tour again, and above all never, under any circumstances, to cross the borders of the principality. My dpinions of the original Celt, his manners, customs, and above all his lan guage, were very much too forcible to be expressed in descent society. The ruling passion of my life seemed to have become a deep and all-absorbing hatred towards Jones, Davis, Morris, and every other brauch of the great Cymric trunk. Now, however, sitting at my ease in the little inn at Langerod, with a tumbler of smok ing punch at my elbow, and my pipe between my teeth, I was inclined to take a more rosy view of men and things. Perhaps it was this spirit of reconciliation which induced me to address the weather-beaten scarecrow in front of me, or perhaps it was that his resolute face and lean muscular figure attracted my curiosity. ' You don't seem much the better for it,' I remarked, It's this, Bir, it's this,' be answered, touching his glaFs with the spoon. ' I'd have had my seven shillings a day, as retired sergeant-major, if it wasn't fcr this. .'One after another I've forfeited them — my badges and my good service allowance and -my pension, until they had nothing more to take from me, and turned me adrift into the world at forty- nine. I was wonnded once in the trenches and once at Delhi, and this is > what I got for it, just because I couldn't : keep away from the drink. Yon don't i happen to have a fill of 'baccy about you ? f Thank you, eir ; you are the first I gentleman I have met this many a day. | ' Sebastopol 1 Why, Lord bless yon, I I knows it as well as I know this here I village. Yon've read abont it, may be, I bnt I could make it clear to yon in a f brace of shakes. This here fender is f the French attack, you see, and this poker is the Russian lines. Here's the Mamelon opposite the French, and the Redan opposite the English. This spittoon stands for the harbour of Bala clava. There's the quarries midway between the Russians ana us, ana nere s Cathcart's hill, and this is the twenty- four gun battery. That's the one I served in towards the end of the war. You see it all now don't you sir ¥ ' More or less,' I answered doubtfully. 1 The enemy held those quarries at the commetisement, and very strong they made tliem with trenches and rifle-pits all round. It was a terrible thorn in our side, for you couldn't show your nose in our advanced works, but a ballet from the quarries would be through it. So at last the General, he would stand it no longer, so we dug a covering trench until we were within a hundred yards of them, and then waited for a dark night. We got onr chance at last, and five hundred' men were got together quietly under cover. When the word was given they made for the quarries as hard as they conld run, jumped down, and began j bayonetting every man tbey met There was never a shot fired on our side, sir, but it was all done as quiet as may be. The Rnssians stood like men — they never failed to do that — and there was a rare bit of give-an'-take fighting before we cleared them out. Up to the end they never turned, and our fellows had to pitchfork them out of the place like so many trasses of hay. That was the Thirtieth that was engaged that night. There was a yonng lieutenant in that corps, I disremember bis name, but he was a terrible one for a fight. He wasn't more'n nineteen, but as tall as yon, sir, and a deal stonter. They say that he never drew his sword during the whole war, but he used an ash stick, supple and strong, with a knob the size of a cocoa-nut at the end of it. It was a nasty weapon in hands like his. If a man came at him with a firelock, he conld down him before the bayonet was near him, for he was long in the arm and active as well. I've heard from men in his company that he laid about Mm like a demon in the quarries that night, and crippled twenty, if -he hit one.' It seemed to me that the veteran was beginning to warm on his subject, partly, perhaps, firom the effects of the brandy- and-water, and partly from having found a sympathetic listener. One or two leading questions were all that he would require. I refilled my pipe, settled my self down in my chair, pat my weaty feet upon the fender, and prepared to listen. ' They were splendid soldiers, the Russians, and no man that ever fonght against them would deny it It was queer what a fancy they had for the English, and we for them. Onr fellows that were taken by them were uncommon well nsed, and whetr' there w'as an armistice we conld get 'oil well together. All they wanted was dasb. Where they were pat they . would stick, and they conld shoot right well,- but they didn't seem to have it in them to make a rash, and that was where we bad them. They could drive the French before them, though, when we were net by. I've seen them come ont for a sortie, and kill them like - flies. They were terribly bad soldiers — all except the Zonaves, who were a different race to the rest. They were all great thieves and rognes, too, and you were never safe if yon were near them.' ' Yon don't mean to say they' would harm their own allies ?' said I. \- -'They would that, air, if there was anything to be got by it. Look at what happened to poor Bill Cameron, of onr battery. He got a letter that his wife was ailing, and as he wasn't very strong himself they gave him leave to go bade to England. He drew Ms twenty-eight ponnd pay, and was to sail in a transport next day ; bnt, as luck would have . it, he goes over to the French canteen that night, just to have a last wet, and he lets out there that he had the money abont him. We found him next -morn ing lying as dead as mutton 'between the lines, 'and so kicked and braised that yon could hardly tell he was a human being. There was many an Englishman pqrdered that winter, sir, and many a Frenchman who had a good British pea- jacket to keep ont the cold. 'I'll tell yon a story abont that, if I am not wearying you. Thank yon, sir ; I thought I'd just make sure. Well, four of our fellows — Sam Kelcey and myself, and Jack BnrnB and Pront— were over in the French lines on a bit of a spree. When we were coming back, this chap Pront suddenly gets an idea. He was an Irishman, and uncommon clever. ' See here, boys,' says he ; 'if yon can raise sixpence among yon, I'll pat yon in the way of making some money to-night, and a bit of fan into the bargain.' ' Well, we all agreed to this, and turned ont onr pockets, but we only had abont fonrpence altogether. ' Niver mind,' Bays Pront Come on with me to the French canteen. All you've to do is to seem very dbrank, and to keep saying " yes " to all I ask.' ' All this time, sir, we hadn't a ghost of an idea of what he was driving at, bnt we went stumbling and rolling into the canteen, among a crowd of loafing Frenchman, and spent our coppers in a drain of liquor. ' 'Now,' says Pront, load oat, so as everyone conld hear, ' are yon ready to come back to camp ¥ ' Yes,' says we. ' Have you got your thirty poundB safe in your pocket, Sam?' ' Yes.' says Sam. ' And yon, Bill,' he says to me, ' have yon got your three months' pay all right ?' ' Yes,' I answers. ' Well, come on, then, an' don't tumble down more'n you can help and with that we staggers out of the canteen end away off into the darkness. ' By this time we had a pretty good suspicion of what he was after, bat when we were well oat of sight of everybody, he halted and explained to us. ' They're bound to follow us after what we've said, and it's queer if the four of us can't manage to best them. They keep their money in little bags round their necks, and all you've got to do is to cat the string.' ' Well, we stumbled on, still pretending to be very drank, so as to have the advantage of a surprise, but never a soul did we see. At last we was within a stone's-throw of onr lines when we heard a whispering of ' Auglais ! Anglais !' which is their jargon for ' English,' sir ; and there, snre enough, was about a dozen men coming down against us in the moonlight. We stumbled along, pre tending to be too drank even to see them. Pretty soon they stopped, and one of them, a big stoat maa, sidles up bu kjehUi auu Dt&yo;, »? uau tnuic uv yon call it?' while the rest of them began to draw round us. Sam says nothing, bnt gives a terrible lnrcb, on which the Frenchie, thinking it all right, sprang at his throat. That was onr signal for action, and in we went. Sam Kelcey was the strongest man in the battery and a terrible brniser, and he caught this leader of theirs a clip nnder the jaw that sent him twice bead over heele before he bronght up against the wall, with the blood pouring from hie month. The others made a ran at as, bnt all they conld do was to Mck and scream, while we kept knocking them down as quick as they conld get to their feet We had all their little bags, sir, and we left the lot of them stripped and senseless on the road. Five-and-thirty golden pieces in English money and French were counted out upon a knap- Sack when we got back to our quarters, besides boots and flannel shirts and other tMngs that were handy. There was never another drnnken man followed after that night's work, for yon see they never conld be sure that it wasn't a sham.' The veteran panBed for a moment to have a pnll at his glass and listen to my murmur of appreciation. I was afraid that I had exhausted his story telling capacities - but he rippled on again between the miffs of his pipe. ' Sam Kelcey— him that I spoke about — was a fine man, bnt his brother Joe was a finer, thongh a bit of a scamp in his day, like many a fine man is. When I was stationed at Gibraltar after the war Joe Kelcey was working at the forti fications as a convict, having been sent ont of England for some little game or other. He was known to be a bold and resolnte maD, and the overseers kept a sharp Iook-ont on Mm for fear he'd try and break away. One day he was work ing on the banks of the river and seed an empty hamper come floating down — one that had come with wine, as like as not, for the officers' mess. He gets hold of the hamper, and he knocks the bottom ont, and etows it sway among the rashes, Next morning we were having breakfast when in rashes one of the guard and cries, ' Come on, boys ; the five-of-spades is up P — the five-of-spades being a name they gave to the spotted signal they ran np when a convict had escaped. Out we all tumbled, and began searching like hounds for a hare, because there was always a reward of two ponnds for the finder. There wasn't a drain or hollow bnt was overhauled, and never a sign of Joe, till at last we gave him up in despair, and agreed that he must be at the bottom of the river. 'That afternoon I waB on guard on the .ramparts, and my eye chanced to light on an old hamper drifting abont half a mile or eo from the shore. I thought nothing of it at the time, but in a quarter of an honrl happened to catch Sight of the same object again. I stared at it in astonishment. ' Why,' I said to the sentry on the wall, ' that hamper's going further away towards the Kpaoish shore. . Blest if it isn't moving against wind and tide and every law of nature. ' Nonsense 1' Bays he ; ' there's always a queer eddy in the straits.' ' Weli,: tMs didn't satisfy me at all, so I goes np to Captain Morgan, of onr battery, who was smoking his cigar, and I sainted and told him abont the hamper. Off he goes, and is back in a minute with a spy-glass, and takes a peep through it ' Bless my sonl !' he cries, Why the hamper's got arms sticking ont of it ! Ah, to be. sure, it's that rascal who escaped this morning. Just run np a signal to tire men-of-war.' We hoisted it, and in a few minutes two boats were in pursuit of the convict. Now if- we had left well enough alone, Joe wotild have been caaght sure enough, for . he never knew he was found ont, and was taking -things leisurely, bring »n nn common fine swimmer. But -Captain Morgan says; 'Jnst wheel round this thirty two ponnder, and we'll drop a shot beside him to show him that we see Mm, and bring him to a halt.' ' We slewed the gun round, sir, and the captain looked along the sights and ; touched her off. A more wonderful shot yon never saw, and the whole crowd that was on the ramparts gave a regular shout. It Mt the top of the hamper and sent the whole thing flying in the air, so that we made snre that the man was killed. When the foam from the splash had cleared away, he was still there thongh, and striking ont might and main for the Spanish coast. It was a close race between him and the boats, and the coxswain actually grabbed at bim with a boat-hook as he clambered np on land, but there he was, and we could see him dancing and chaffing the men-o'-war's men. There was a cheer, sir, when we saw him safe, for a plucky chap like that deserves to be free, what ever he's been and done. Yon look tired. Yon've had a long walk may be. Perhaps you'd best have some reef This remark, disinterested as it sounds, was given point to by the plaintive man ner in which my companion gazed at the two empty glasses, as if it were evident that the proceedings of the evening bad come to a close. ' It's not often,' he murmured 1 that a poor old soldier like me finds a gentle man as sociable-like and free as yonr honour.' I need hardlv sav that after that I bad no alternative bnt to ring the bell and order np a second edition of brandy- and-water. ' Yon were talking abont the Rnssians,' be continued, ' and I told yon they fine soldiers. Some of their riflemen were as good shots as ever pulled a trigger. Excuse me, that glass is yours, sir, and the other is mine. Onr sharp shooters nsed to arrange four saud-bags, one on each side, one in front, and ODe crosswaya on the top, eo as to cover them all ronnd. Then, yon eee, they ehot through the little slit between the bag in front and the one on top ; maybe not more than two inches across. Yon'U hardly believe me, bnt I've seen at the distance of five hundred yards the bullets humming through the narrow slits as thick as bees. I've known as many as eix men knocked over in half an hour in one of these sand-traps as we nsed to call thi m ; every one of them Mt in the eye too, for -that was the enly part that showed. There is a story that that reminds me of which might interest you. There was one Russian fellow that had a sand pit all of his own, right in front of onr trencnes. i never say anybody so per severing as that man was. Early in the morning he'd be popping away, and there he'd stay till nightfall, taking his food with him into the pit. He seemed to take a real pleasnre in it, and as he was a very fine shot, and never let us get much of a chance at him, he was not a popular character in the advanced treucbes. Maoy a good fellow he sent to glory. It got snch a nuisance that we dropped shells at Mm now and again, bnt he minded them no more than if they had been so many oranges. ' One day I was down in the trenches when Colonel Mancor, of the Forty-eight, a splendid shot and a great man for sport, came along. A party with a sergeant were at work, and just as the colonel .came np, one of them dropped with a hall through his head. ' Deuced good shot ! Who fired that ?' says the colonel, patting up his eye-glass. ' Man in the rifle-pit to the left, sir,' answers the sergeant.' 'Never eaw a neater shot,' says the colonel. ' He only showed for a mo ment, and wouldn't have shown then, only that the edge of the trench is a bit worn away. Does he often shoot like that ?' ' Terribly dangerous man,' replies the sergeant ; 1 kills more than all the guns in the Redan.' ' Ninw -mAinr fiflvn f.hft rnlitn of turn- ing to anothe. officer as was with him, 'whats', the odds against my picking Mm off?' ' In how long ?' ' Within ten minutes.' 'Two to one in ponies, I'll give yon,' says the major. ' Say three, and its a bargain.' ' Three to one in ponies,' answered the major, and the bet was made. ' He was a great man for measuring his powder was the colonel, and always emptied out a cartridge and then ' filled it np again according to his taste. He took about half his time getting the ser geant's gun loaded to please Mm. At last he got it right, and the glass screwed well into his eye. ' Now, my lads, says he, 'jnst push poor Smith here np over the trench. He's dead enough, and another wonnd will make little difference to Mm.' 'The men began to hoist the body np, and the colonel stood, maybe twenty yards off, peering over the edge with eyes like a lynx. As soon as the top of Smith's shako appeared, we saw the barrel of the gun come slowly ont of the. sand-pit, and when Ms poor dead face looks over the edge, whizz comes a ballet right through Ms forehead. The Russian he peeps ont of the pit to see the effect of his shot, and he "never looks at anything again until he sees the ever lasting river. The colonel fired with a sort of a chuckle, and the rifleman sprang up into the air, and ran a matter of ten or twelve paces towards as, and then down on his face as dead as a door nail. ' Double or quite on the man in the pit to the right,' says the colonel, loading up Ms gun again, . but I think the major had dropped money enough for one day- over his shooting, for he wouldn't hear of another try. By the way, it was handed over to Smith's widow, for he was a free-handed gentle man, was the colonel, not unlike your self, air. ' That running of dead men is a queer thing. Perhaps yonr eddication may help you to understand it, bnt it beats me. Fve seen it, thongh, many a time. I remember the doctor of onr regiment Baying it was commoner among men hit through the heart. What do you think about it, sir ? ' Your doctor was quite right,' I answered. ' In several murder cases people who have been stabbed or shot through the heart have gone surprising distances afterwards. I never heard of such a case occnriog in a battle, but I don't see why it shonldn't' ' It happened once,' resumed my com panion, when Codrington's division were going up the Alma, and were close -on the great redoubt, To their euiprise a single Russian came running down the hill againBt them, with his firelock in his hand. One or two fired at Mm- and seemed to miss him, for on he came till he got right np to the line, when a ser geant, as had seen a deal of service , gives a langh, and throws Ms gnn down in front of him. Down goes the Russian and lies there stone dead. He'd been shot through the heart at the top of the hill, and was dead before ever he began that charge. At least, that's what the eergeant said, and we all believed bim. There was another qneer incident of the same sort which happened later on in the war. Perhaps yon may have heard of it, for it got into print at the time. One night a body, fearfully mangled and crashed, came crashing in among the tents of the light division. Nobody conld make head or tail of it, nntil some deserters let it ont long afterwards. It seems that they had one old-fashioned sort of gnn with a big bore in a Russian battery. Now the night was cold, and the poor devil of a sentry thought he'd stow himself away where he'd never be seen, so he creeps inside the big gnn, end goes to sleep there. In the middle of the night there wasasndden alarm of an attack, and an artilleryman rans up to the gnn and touches it off) and the sentry was flying through the air at twenty miles a minute. It didn't much matter,' added the veteran philosophically, ' for he was bonnd to be shot any way, for sleeping at his post, so it saved a deal of useless delay.' ' To a man who has seen so much of the world, I remarked, this humdrum life in a Welsh village must be very slow.' ' It is that, sir. It is that, sir. You've Mt it there. Lord bless you, sir, if I had a gentleman like yonrself to talk to every night I'd be a different man. Til tell yon one reason now for my com ing to this place,' here he leaned forward impressively. ' Fve got a wife in London, sir, bat I came here to break myself of the drink. And I am doing it, slow but snre. Why, three weeks ago I conld never sleep unless I had my five glasses under my belt, and now I can manage it on three.' ' Waiter, another glass of brandy-and- water,' said I. ' Thank yon sir ; thank yon. As yon said just now I have had a stirring life, and this quiet business is too much for me. Did I ever tell yon how I got my stripes ? Why, it was by banging three men —three men with these very hands.' ' How was that ?' I asked sleepily. . ' It was like this, sir. We were in Corfu — three batteries of us, in '50. «« oil) vuc ui uut umwnioo iibuucubuv aid was — went off into the moontains to shoot one day, and he never came back. His dog trotted into the mess-room, however, and began to howl for all the world like a human being. A party was made np, and followed the dog, who led them right up among the hills to a place where there was a ditch. There, with a lot of feros and such-like heaped over him, the poor young fellow was lying with Ms throat cut from ear to ear. He was a great favourite in the regiment, and more particularly with the officer in command, and he swore that he'd have revenge. There was a deal of discontent among the Greeks on the island at the time, and this had been encouraged by the priest — " pappas" they call them. Well, when we got back to town, tfae captain calls all these pappas before him, and there were three of them who conld give no sort of account of themselves, but turned pale and stammered, and was terribly put out. A court-martial was held, and the three of them were con demned to be hanged. Now came the difficulty, however, for it was well known that if anyone laid hands on a priest his life wasn't worth an hour's purchase. They are very strict about that are the Greeks, and uncommon handy with their knives. The captain calied for a volun teer, and out I steeped, for I thought it was my duty, sir, seeing that I had been the dead man s servant Well, the troops formed square round rbe scaffold, and I hung them as high as Haman. When the job was over, the captain says, " Now my lad, I'll save your life," and with that he forms the troops up into close order, puts me in the middle, and marches me down to the quay. There was a steamer there just casting off her warps for England, and I was shoved aboard, the crowd surging all ronnd, and trying to get at me. Yon never heard such a howl as when they saw the ship steam out of the bay, and .knew that I was gone. I have been a lonely man all my life, sir, and I may say that was the only time I have been honestly regretted when I left. We searched the bMp when we got out to sea, and blest if there weren't three Greek stowaways aboard, each with hie knife in Ms belt. We hove them over the side, and I have never heard from them since, I fear they may possibly have been drowned ;' and the artillery man grinned in high delight ' They made me a corporal for that job, sir.' By the way, what is yonr name ?' I asked, getting more and more drowsy, partly from the heat of the fire and partly from a enrions feeling which was stealiug over me, and the like of which I had never experienced before. ' Sergeant Turnbull, sir ; Tnrnbull of B battery, Royal Horse Artillery. Major Campbell, who was over ns in the Crimea, or Captain Onslow, or any of the old corps, would be glad to hear that yon have seen me. Yun'll not forget the name, will you, sir ¥ I was too sleepy to answer. ' I conld tell you a yarn about a Zouave that would amuse you. He was mortal drunk, and mistook the Russian lines for ours. They was having their supper in the Mamelon when he passea the .sentry as cool as may be, — prisoner— jumps — colonel — free ' When I came to myself I found that I was lying in front of the smouldering fire, and that the candle was burning low. I was alone in the room. I staggered to my feet with a laugh, but my brain seemed to spin round, and I came down into my former position. Something was evidently amisB. I put my hand -'into my pocket to find out. the time. It was empty. I gave a gasp of astonishmeut My parse was gone too. I had been thoroughly rifled. Who's in there ?' cried a voice, and a small dapper man, rather past the prime of life, came into the room with a candle. ' Bless my son), sir, my wife told me a traveller had come;' but I thought yon were in bed long ago. I'm the landlord, bat I've been away all day at Llau morris fair,' ' I've been robbed,' said I. ' Robbed P cried the landlord, nearly dropping the candle in his consternation. ' Watch, money — everything gone,' I said despondiogly. What time is it ?' ' Nearly one,' said he. ' Are you sare there ie no mistake ?' " 'No, there's no mistake. I fell asleep about eleveD, so he's got two hoars' start' ' There was a train left about an hour and a half ago. He's clear away, who ever he is,' observed the landlord. ' You seem weak, sir. Ah !' he added, sniffing at my glaBS ; laudanum, I sea Yon've been drugged, sir.' ' The villian 1' I cried. ' I know bis name and history, that's one blessing.' ' What was it ?' asked the landlord eagerly. ' I'll make every police-station in the kingdom ring with it till I teach him. It is Sergeant Tnrabull, formerly of B Battery.' Why, bless my sonl 1' cried my com panion. ' Why, I am Sergeant Tnrnbnll of B Battery, with medals for the Crimea and Mntiny, sir.' ' Then ho the dence is he ?' A light seemed to break upon the land lord. ' Was he a tall man with a scar on his forehead ?' he asked. « That's Mm !' I cried. Then he's the greatest villain nnhang. Sergeant, indeed 1 He never wore a uniform except a convict's in his life. That a Joe Kelcey.' ' And do yon mean to say he never was in the Crimea ?' ' Not he, sir. He's never been out of England, except once to Gibraltar where, he escaped very cleverly.' ' He told me — he told me,' I groaned ; ' and the officer with the stick, and the sporting colonel, and the running corpses, and the Greek priests — were they all lies ?' ' All true as gospel, but they hap pened to me, and not to him. He's heard me tell the stories many a time in the bar, so he reeled them off to you, so as to have a chance of hoenssing the liqaor. He's been reformed, and living here quiet enough, but being left alone with you, and seeing yonr watch, has been too much for him. Come np to bed, sir, and Til send round and let the police know all abont it.' And so, reader, I present you with a string of military anecdotes. I don't know how yon will valne them. They cost me a good watch and chain, and fourteen pounds, seven BMllings and fonr pence, and I thought them dear at the price. 