Intercolonial News. New South Wales. SYDNEY, March 24. As may be readily supposed, scarcely any thing has been thought of this week but the miserable collapse of our Minister for Works, Mr Henry Copeland. Unfortunately, the Sydney Press has given tne anair tne iuuesi possible publicity ; and the fact of this occur ring so soon after Mr. A. G. Taylor's declara tion concerning the Bacchanalian proclivities of our legislators, makes matters appear even worse than they really are. The wretched affair certainly could not be put before the world in blacker colours than it has been made to wear; and people who are nervously anxious »bout our reputation are holding up their hands S» horror and asking the question, " What will they say in England?" Well, perhaps, after all fit will matter very little to either our re putation or our prospects what they say. It is not the first time a Minister of the Crown has got 4riwk on a saint's day, and will pro bably not bt the last, though it is to be hoped, should he do *o in future, he will not be so ready to take ,<&e; public into his confidence as our Works Mjtawfer was the other night, and it is a rather,WMjiqfia fact that the only man who happened fc> J&e; fa that condition at an Irish gathering WW.Mje who, as he himself phrased it, was "a and an Englishman." Jt .Wft3, ( of <j<Myse, unfortunate that Mr. Copeland Jihoijld jiaye attended the banquet at all, in view ,flf ihis MJarious condi tion, and still more so.ttytifte had pot the wit to hold his peace; but, Me wine .be^ng in the wit was out, and Mr. Cqpqland happens to be a peculiarly unmanageable .character when " under the influence" sBhe.re ,were,two.circuni stances which le4 U> J*e ifiwco of ilast Saturday night. One was that Mr. Copeland got a solid Irish vote at his last election, and the other was that he had refused a free railway pass" to Mr. Redmond. The former he was anxious to publicly thank his Irish friends for; the Tatter he was anxious to explain away. He was treading on moat delicate ground. It was in the highest degree injudicious to have introduced the mention of either one or the other of these subjects, but Mr. Copeland was not in a condition to ace his danger. He was, naturally, interrupted. This made him worse. His stubbornness came out, and ho became in coherent, and even insulting. You know the rest. It was a terrible awakening. The reali sation of what he had done is said to have com pletely prostrated, and, for the nonce, un manned him. The conductors of the Sydney papers thought well to reproduce his speech, verbatim et literatim. On Monday the whole town rang with the scandal. The unfortunate Minister's enemies—and he has many and bitter ones—jumped for very joy at the ruin he had brought upon himself. Anti-Imh feeling just now runs so high, thanks to the Redmond mission, that there were not wanting many narrow-minded individuals only too eager to pronounce the verdict of " sarved him right for having had anything to do with the Hiber nians. . One very peculiar feature in connection with Mr. Copeland's escapade is the state of un certainty in which he has left the public as to his intentions. Although nearly a week has passed, we are left entirely in the dark as to what he means to do. Yet his resignation was looked for every day during the week. It was taken for granted that he could not expect to continue holding office. His colleagues, on Monday, met and discussed the situation". What course they determined upon is not pre cisely known, but it may be assumed, from what subsequently transpired, that they con cluded to let their unfortunate colleague go. On Tuesday, the Premier informed the Assem bly, immediately the House met, that from what had recently transpired, the Minister for Works intended resigning his position. But Wednesday came, and no resignation. Thursday passed over, and still there was no announcement. Then it began to be whis pered about that Mr. Copeland had no inten tion of resigning, or that if he had been so in clined he had altered his mind. All this time he did not put in an appearance at his office and his duties were discharged by the Colonial Secretary. It was known that he received a friendly visit from Mr. Garrett, who was under^ stood to have removed from his mind any scruples he might have had about holding on to office. Mr. Garrctt is credited with having persuaded the Minister that he had been shamefully thrown over by his colleagues, and that he owed himself tho duty of declining to allow himself to be offered up as a sacrifice. Mr. Garrett's sympathy for a fallen brother is natural enough; and, moreover, the crafty member for Camden has nothing to lose, but possibly much to gain, by any disaster that may befall the Ministry. The position of the Ministry is peculiar. Their situation is embarrassing in the extreme. After the intimation made by the Premier, it is clear they cannot venture to go on with Mr. Copeland as a colleague; yet if club gossip be correct, they can't get rid of him, and their only course is to give up the ghost in a body. Connected as it was with the Irish question, and in a certain sense with the Redmond mis* sion, the Copeland fiasco introduces a new element into the discussions on those burning aucstions. And, to use a recent theatrical gag, iie affair is voted "another injustice to Ire land." The hope of the Irish party, politi* cally, is the present Government, but the Government, according to present appearances, is in extremis, or, at any rate, in a very awk* ward corner, from which it is doubtful if even the ingenuity of a Dalley can extricate them. The prospects of the party are thus not the brightest. But many of our Irish fellow colonists appear to be more concerned for the interests of their motherland than for those of their adopted country. They celebrated the natal day of their country's patron saint last Saturday with more than ordinary fervour, having Mr. Redmond among them to feed the fire of their national pride and national enthusiasm. The principal event of the day was tho picnic they held at Botany, which was attended by several thousands of Erin's sons. Contrary to expectation there was no disturbance, and, notwithstanding the exhilarating character of the surroundings, none of the patriots who assembled to do honour to St. Patrick were called upon to fight for their country. At the banquet in the evening the Opposition was represented by Sir John Robertson. Sir Patrick Jennings and the unfortunate Copeland represented tho Government. The absence of Mr. Dalley has excited much comment. He usually takes the chair on these occasions, and treats his audience to a brilliant and appropriate oration. Hitherto he has been the idol of his Irish fellow-colonists. But Mr. Redmond's presence here has changed all that. Mr. Dalley is a native of the colony, and much as he loves the land of his forefathers his sympathies are Australian—or, rather, cosmo politan. He is, therefore, not en rapport with the majority of Irishmen in their present frame of mind, and it is no secret that he strongly deplores the Redmond mission and has in no way fraternised with or even recognised the " missionaries " since they arrived here. It is to be observed, however, that the Redmond addresses recently delivered have been charac terised by far greater moderation than tho earlier of the league missionary's colonial deliverances. This may be due to Mr. Redmond becoming better acquainted with tho sentiments of those among whom he hot) coma to preach his gospel of Irish grievances, la spite of the opposition he has encountered, and tno numerous protests by public meetings in various parts of the colony, the mission has resulted in the establishment of several branches of the Irish National League, and in the collection of something like £3000 for the cause. As to the legislative work of the week, what little has been done has attracted very littlo notice. The Assembly has passed the Land Boilers' Inspection Bill through committee, and has almost finished the Criminal Law Consolidation Bill. Sir John Robertson has elicited from the Minister for Lands the information that there has been no stop page on the part of the Government, as was supposed, of land purchases by Crown lessees in virtue of improvements. An impression had got abroad that when the present Ministry stopped wholesale alienation by auction they also ceased giving to the squatter the right of purchasing in virtue of improvements. Sir John Robertson, who has a thorough acquain tance with the subject, says that a great por tion of our south- western interioi —Mount Poole and that part of the country—is depen dent upon improvements to make it available for settlement; and unless there is some in ducement to clfcct the necessary improve ments—to conserve the surface which otherwise would be lost—there must be a great loss to the country. Mr. Farnell's assurance will be welcome to runholders throughout the country, but it will not be so to conditional purchasers, for many of these improvements are mere shams to prevent selection. Chief among the non-political events of the week is the jubilee of the Sydney Mechanics' School of Arts. On Thursday this excellent institution completed the fiftieth year of its existence, and to celebrate the event, an exhi bition and conversazione were organised. Judge Windcyer, the President, delivered a capital address, in which he reviewed the history of the institution from its foundation up to the present time, besides giving a forecast of the Future. The jubilee was numerously, in- Huentially, and even fashionably attended, nnd was in every respect gratifying. The Sydney School of Arts occupies now a nigh position as a literary and technical institution, nnd is justly regarded as an important auxiliary to the educational forces of the country. The great aid it has been to the cause of technical education alone establishes an undeniable claim to public gratitude and support. 