THE BISHOP OF MELBOURNE ON THE APOCALYPSE. Tho Bishop of Melbourne delivered tbe third of his lectures on the Principles of tho Apocalypse in St. Panl'a pro-Cathedral on Wednesday afternoon. Tho church was crowded. After a short prayer, tho Bishop said : — In my last lecture I endeavored to set bctoro you a simple scheme of interpretation which might render the Apocalypse, as a whole, a little more comprehensible. I now Icavo the general Bubject altogether, and propose to confino our attention to the symbolic forms which aro connected with the last aeries of visions — that of tlio vials. These symbolic forms "have, I believe, a distinct purpose— to sot beforo us in significant and comprehensible shapes tho trno character of tho spiritual forces which lay hidden beneath tho glittering surfaco ot contem porary Pagan civilisation. And how great a help that most bo to tho trno understanding of that time and all like times roust bo at once apparent. Suppose that any one could now first disentangle in his ownthonght from all tho baffling intermixture of good and bad, truo and false, which confuses oar vision, tho real spiritual forces which are fashioning our civil isation, and could then embody them and sot them before our eyes, In significant symbols; wouldnot'that greatly help us in understanding what wo ought to think and do? This is exactly what I believo St. John has done for us in tbo Apocalypse with respect to the efficient spiritual influences of his own days— days in many respects so like our own. Tho first of theso forms which I propose that woshall consider 5s that of thb wild beast from tho aea. This form gives its whole tone and cbarater to tho series of the vials. The judgments of that sorie3 are poured forth upon the seat of the beast, upon those who bear tbe mark of the beast, upon tne harlot city which sits upon the beast. What is this beast then? St. John enables us, I believe, to answer this question, without the slightest ambiguity. The beast is an enemy of tho Church of Christ, for he blasphemes God, and persecutes the s<iint9. He is mighty of power and authority, so that all the nations of the civilised world worship him. His power, moreover, rests upon force. "Who is like unto the beast," cry his devotees. "Whoisablo to make war with him? The beast has seven heads, and these represent at once the seven mountains on which the harlot city sits, und seven kings, fivo of whom aro fallen, and ono is, and another is yet to come. Tho boast also has ton horns. These repre sent ten kings or rulers, who are just about to exhibit their power. Theso are of. one mind with the beast, and give their strength to him. All this is 'St. John's own interpretation, and it seems to mo to point eo decisively to the Pagan Romun Empire that I wonder that anyone could imagine it to have another meaning. The betwt cannot bo an individual Emperor, for the Emperors aro simply its heads, its guiding in telligences. Tho horn throughout the Hebrew scriptures represents "strength." as when the Psalmist says — "in thy favor shall our horn be ex alted." The horn then is the beast's strong hand, with which it exercises its power. Now, asRonan and Farrar have pointed out, the Roman Empire had ten provinces, over which tbo Government was committed to Procurators and Proconsuls, who were the arms of tho wild beast's strength. Very truo wa9 it of them, as Rome found to her cost, that they should hate the harlot city, and make her desolate. So far everything is clear, and, as it scorns to me, absolutely certain. When, however, we como to consider which of tho Emperors are represented as heads of the beast, and what is their relation to the beast, difficulties present themselves. One thing is, I think, clear. We most beein counting tbe Emperors from Augustas. He was tho first Emperor of Rome, although Suetonius to giro unity to his subject beginshis lives of iho Ciesare by a biography of tho great Julius. Beginning then with Augustus — live we are told are dead— A ugustus, Tiberius, Cains, Claudius and Nero. This is pretty cer tain. But now who are the Cth and 7th head9? The difficulty of giving a certain answer to that question arises from tho confusion existing in the Roman Empire when St. John wrote. Within two years from tbo death of Nero, three popular nobles bad fought their was' to tho throne and been sl&in.; Does St. John count these ghosts of kings which flitted bo rapidly across bis sight as Emperors? It is extremely unlikely that ho would do so, for almost boforo lio heard of them In his solitary isle, they would bo gono. Hia field of vision was eastern ; find above the eastern horizon those two mighty forms hud already shown themselves who were to restore the uoity of the shattered empire. The relation of the beast to his heads precisely corresponds to this as sumption. Ono of the hoads of tbo herat had been wounded to death, but already its deadly wound was healed. Nero's death had brought tho em pire to what looked liko ruin, to a thing, as the historinncaJls it, inccrtum ct quasi ragim. As it lay quivering beneath tho blows inflicted upon it by tho civil wars of the three usurpers, it seemed smitten, down to Hades, and might well rcmiad tho prophet of Isaiah visions of tho mighty shades of fallen empires, waiting for Assyria to come and take beside them its burning throne. But it had revived again. lti9callod- " tbe beast whose deadly wound was healed," " which had a wound by the sword and did live." Vespasian gathered together its scattered members, stanched its deadly wound, made it as imposing as it had ever looked, and started it on a now career of vitality and greatness. After him was to come another emperor, who should continue for a littlo time — his stm Titus. Titus was already living and n great commander, well seen ubovo the historic horizon of the pro phet. But why does ho pauso there ? What historic finality did he see in the reign of Titus ? Ho looks for no historic finality. His finality is prophetic. .Seven is the number of prophetic completeness. Having gone w farhe stops. "To- have gone further would have marred the sym bolism, and would have been, moreover to descend to that particularism which writes history before tho time. Instead of that he does what preserves remarkably the character of Biblical prophecy. He transfers bis view to the empire as a whole, and tells us its nature and its end. It is itself of the seven. Their influence has impressed upon it a fundamental character— that of cruel godless force from which, in spite of tho efforts of tho bettor Emperors, it shall never depart. And thus, thongh It has risen again from Hades, it is not among the world- forces which shall remain. It shall go into perdition, when Its destined course is run. That no possible mistake may be made, St. John adopts a method, well known in his own time, for representing anything which it might bo dangerous or unadvisable to speak of openly — the method of expressing a name by means of a number. To use the language of men, he says the number of tho beast is C66. Only two of tbo innumerable interpretations of this mystio number have even tbe semb lance of probability. Reuss, Renan, Ewald and Farrar adopt tho ' Hebrew equiva lent, " Neron Kesar" (Nero C&s;&r;). The numeri cal value of these letters is certainly G66, bub it is expressed in Hebrew characters and St. John wrote in Greek, and for those who spoke Greek— the churches of Asia Minor, in desig nating the word of God, it is the first and last letters of the Greek, not of the Hebrew, alphabet, which lie uses, while in more than one placo where he uses Hebrew names ho gives for his readers their Greek equivalent. For these rea sons it seems to me certain that tho ancient in terpretation, "Lateinos," denoting the Latin Empire, wiiich is as old as tho time of Irenoeus, is the correct one. This is tho opinion of Bleok, Be Wette, Ebrard, Diiesterdieck, Alford, Wordsworth and Lee. . I agree, however, with Farrar and Gebhardt, that it is of little consequence to tho meaning whether wc take tho name which refers to tho Roman empire, or its impersonation, Nero. What it is important to notice is this, that beyond any possibility of doubt we have in the wild beast from tho sen a symbolical representation of tbo real spiritual character of the Roman Empire. It was an incarnation of blasphemy, cruelty and brutal lust. The Emperors were deified. When Ncrocntered Rome after bis ignominious triumphs in the theatres and arenas of Greece, ho was hailed by the Roman mobs with shouts of "Nero the Hercules, Nero the Apollo, Sacred Voice, Eternal One." The old gods were for gotten. Their oracles were silent. Men had ceased to believe in them even while they worshipped. But to an age which wor shipped nothing but force and money, tbe man who held the whole might and wealth of tho Roman Empire in the huilow of bis hand was a visible god upon earth. To rofnse him divine honors was blasphemy, and thus when any was accused of Christianity he was required to burn incense before the statue, not of Jupiter, but of the reigning Emperor. As Conybearo and How- son have said, tho religion of the God-man was openly confronted by that of the man-God. Triily upon the heads of the wild beast, as .St. John has said, were "tbe names of blas phemy." That wholo brilliant life of Paganism was built upou slavery. Only slaves worked in the fields, tho mines, the cities ; and hence labor became a disgrace. The hardy yeomanry of Italy, with their small farms and pure homes, gave place to gangs of branded sla?cs, herded in prison-like ergastuln. Vast estates scarcely main tained the slaves which tilled them. Whole pro vinces lay desolate. " Samuium," says Niebuhr, " had become almost a desert, and as late as the time of Strabo there was scarcely any town in that country which was not in ruins." And if thus slave labor had destroyed the life of the country, not less had it corrupted that of the towns. Such utter depravity as had arisen from the abuse of helpless slaves never stained and debased the earth. Crimes which cannot be mentioned had strack their cancerous fibres so deeply into the very sub stance of society, that common men spoke of them as lightly, and good men as despairingly, as we do to-day about the sin of greftt cities. Where there is lust there is cruelty. And such cruelty as was organised, and made a public spectacle in tbe gladiatorial games, Ithe world never witnessed. The so-called good emperors were as guilty in this matter as the worst. It was not Nero, it was Trajan, who deluged. tho arena with the blood of 10,000 gladiators "to j make a Roman holiday." rhat cultivated men and women' "should have made tho carnage of men their habitual amusement . . fcr | centuries, with scarcely & protest," is, Mr. Lccky » thinks, "one of the most startling facts in moral history." "What wonder if, in such a stato of things, as Mr. Matthew Arnold says — On that hard Pae»n world disgust And secret loathing (ell ; Beep weariness and eared lust Made human lile a bell. A bell, indeed, and the inner spirit of it-lhat awful wild beast form of the Apocalypse, with .ta beastly lust, its beastly cruelty and its beastlike stupid blasphemy against a God of love. And yet, by tho Romans, that beast was sincerely wor shipped. " Who is like unto tho. beast— who can .contend with him ?" 'This was exactly the senti ment of a slavish, sensual, force worshipping age. What wonder that it should intoxicate the objects of it? That is why somo of tho best Emperors were among tho worst of tbo persecutors. Men might not, should not, despiso tho divinity of force. Tho empire was above conscience, and should be obeyed. Bid Christians retaso to sonn in tho legions ? .Thon, oven so calm and philo sophic a spirit as Colsos could counsel the Em peror to make an end of them. It is vory piteous to sco such a man as Marcns Aarclius, who himself belonged to tho city of God, led away by this sanguinary superstition. Ho wished to mako lovo and righteousness prevail, and could not. His philosophy, sublime as it was, proved itself impotent out3idc a fow cultured cliques. There was & power in tho worid which actually was doing what ho desired to seo done. But because this power went about its work in tho only possible way, by revolutionising men's moral principles and changing their hearts, above all because it refused to lot those old im moral superstitions lire which were smiting his own stoicism with barrenness, therefore ho per secuted it. Opinions ought to be, and should t>e, subordinate to tbo force of the empire. Alas 1 he was not tho lost of tbo idealists who held and put in practice that immoral doctrine. Tho church of Jesus, in absorbing paganism, took in also too much- of pagan sentiment. It laid well, indeed, tbe deep foundations of love to God and man ; but it built on them all kinds of pagan rubbish — rubbish which tho fires of indignant criticism have not succeeded even yet in burning to ashes. Mediaeval missionaries did indeed a grand work. But Charlemagne, with bis compulsory conversions of wild tribes of Saxons, and such as he, did but bring into the church pagan superstitions which demanded from the churcu, and, alas ! re ceived, contentment at tho expense of truth. But now if force, when applied to opinion, bo so evil a thiug in tbo hands even of the pious, what must it be when wielded by those who believe in no God and no immortality? Lawless force is now again taking form, and it is too ominously like that awful symbol of St. John. As before, it shows itself as a wild beast of human idleness, lust and cruelty. But now instead of soven, it has tea myriad heads. It is the ma&s; of tbe demoralised proio- . tari&te; of Europe. This wild beast of our own time is like its apo3tolic prototype, idle, lustful, cruel and unbelieving; knowing nothing but that it has five senses, Becking nothing but tho means of their enjoyment There is nothing on earth that it hatos so much as to see another with richer sonseffood than it possesses itself. Rather than suffer that it will pull down all in stitutions, burn down all buildings, ravage all landii, and. wipe out a civilisation which is the inheritance of ages. , Envy longing to get tries to pass itself off ns tho love which longs.to give. These, too, as opposite in nature and aim us heaven and hell, are everywhere confused. Tha Beast apes the God, and is worshipped. Do not suppose that I am hero refcrreing to socialism as such. With tho aims of the higher social ism I have the heartiest sympathy. I believo with it that tho presont condition of tho poor is intolerable, and that the alleviation of tho misery of the poor is the one question of tho day. I agree with|tho author of Gcsta Christi that a "condition of society in which an enormous mass of human beings are born to an almost inevit&blo; lot of squalor, penury hml ignorance ; and still other multitudes to incessant labor, with fow al leviations or enjoyments ; a society which pre sents on ono side enormous fortunes and endless accumulations of wealth, while on tho other it offers classes ground down by poverty and pinched with want, is certainly not tbo Christian ideal of society, or any approach to 1 tho kingdom of God' on earth." ItisnotonlyMarlo,thoCommunist,who calls "the granting tho fow enjoyment at tho ex pense of the many" a "heathenish principle such a statoof things is called "a now heathen ism, and that of tho most flagrant kind," by a bishop no less venerated than the profound Martensen. It is certain that tho task of tho statesmen of the future is to devise such a sys tem of distributing woalth that a greater share ot products of - industry shall fall to tbe lot of tho producers. So far I am heartily in accord with tho tSocialists. Nay, I go further. I freely own that the methods of thought- fal modern. Socialists liko Lassullo, Marx and Trcischke have been widely misunderstood. Tliey do not advocate confiscation, nor even, in the strict sense, community of goods. It is Lasalle who says, "Tho artisan must and ought never to forget that all property onco acquired is unassailable and legitimate." And the Socialists give tho true ground of this position. "Its accu mulation was justified by the laws which allowed it." It is those laws which they would alter, so ns to dispose differently of the wealth of tho future. It must never be allowed, say they, to become capital. Money is dead, and tnust con tinue dead. Let a man accumulate as much as ho likes, spend a9 much as he likes, loave as much 09 ho likes to his hoirs ; but do not allow himtoom-- bark bis money in any calling which will com mand profit; do not suffer him to convert his wenlth into cnpital. Let the State be the only employer and banker, that not merely wages, but profit also, may go to the producor. We may think what we liko of such a proposition, but it is not right to misrepresent it. Again, it is unjust to accuse philosophic Gorman communists of hold ing the doctrine of free lovo. They emphatically repudiate it. "We recogaiso and prize," says Herr Treischko. "the moral right of marriage more than you uo, and it is on this ground that wo are such implacable foes to the modern constitution of society," with its inevitable fruits of prostitution and concubinage. Very many of tho socialists again appeal to the moral authority 01 the Christian religion, recognising with M. Lave- leye that in such a state of society as the present, Christianity must create socialistic aspirations. Nay, tho old canon law even is on the side of tho socialists. Tbe canons lay it down that no man might soli goods for more than what they cost him. All profit in merchandise was robbery. Again, if a man borrowed money of another, it was enough if he paid tho capital; for interest was robbery. How a Christian man should look upon all this I shall have another oppor tunity of explaining. It may bo enough to say for the present that I think those principles of the canonists and Communists as littlo justified by Christianity as by rea son, and that such a life as they recommend would not only diminish production and injure character, but also make lifo intolerably mono tonous and commonplace. I havo said so much that yon may not suppose that the cliargo I am about to bring is levelled at socialism generally. I say, then, in spite of all my admissions, that a power is growing and gathering its farces in tlio depths of European society which is an exact counterpart of tho wild beast of tho Apo calypse. It is as blasphemous and son9ual, wherever it be found, whether in France, Spain, Germany, Russia, or Ireland. At an immense meeting of women in Berlin in 1878, tho presi dent cried, amidst stormy applause, 41 1 want no Bible, no pastor, and no law. ... If you ; wont a belief, invent. ono for yourselves." Tho notorious Most exclaimed at the sarao meeting, with tho samo kiud of tumultuous approval, "Wo will havo our heavon upon earth, for that which is- future wo believo not in. Hereon earth will wo enjoy ourselves. Hero wo will revel and not rot." "No God, no church, no master, '".is the common cry at the anarchist meetings in Paris : and we are told by tho anonymous author of Underground Russia, who traces the belligerent phase of , Nihilism to the influence of tho Paris Com mune, that tho Russian Nihilist " has no longor any religious feeling in his disposi tion," and he describes ono of tbo leaders of that movement as 44 full of that cold fanati cism which stops beforo no human considera tion," and as ready 44 to hold out his hand to the devil himself, if the devil eould have boon of any use to him." of the foul blasphemies, of Foote and his fellows— men with whom the Melbourne Secularist Society has just been condoling — wo have heard from Rov. S. Hansard, one of the most large minded and earnest friends of the poor who ever worked in the east of London Ho Bays ho would not foul bis . pen by retailing tho worst paris of tha Comic History of Christ , published by those men ; but he does tells us of caricatures oi tho most Sacred Figure in all human history 44 pulling Peter out of the water by his big nose and of God — ono almost hesitates to repeat tho horror— 44 as a fat, ugly man, with spectacles on, sitting on a cloud cross legged, sewing a pair of trousers." Covered with names of blasphemy, filled, oh heaven, with hate of the Eternal Love, with scorn of the ten der Fatherly Pity which is pleading with all hearts ; what can savo men who are in such & state as that? Who can wonder that tbe souls which havo made themselves so hard against God should sink into the foulnesses of a beastly lust and a merciless ferocity ; that wo should read of Irish assassins trying their victim in n brothel, and writing the order for bis murder on the curl paper of a courtesan ; that w'o should hear tho Russian terrorist boasting that ho made himself tho demon ho was 44 by nourishing sanguinary projects in his mind," and by constantly reminding himself 14 that bullets were better than words;" or that, as M. Laveleyo tells us, " working men of London, Pcstli, Vienna and Berlin applauded tho strug gles, and excused all tho crimes of tho Com mune in Taris?" Tho "Mano Nera" organi sation in Spain openly declare that 44 the rich aro to participate no longer in the rights of xuun, and that to combat them all moans aro good and necoasary, not excepting steel, fire, and even slander," That last infernal touch is even more devilish than the programme of Bakounine himself, requiring, as this does, absolute and universal anarchy, the destruc tion of everything which has come down to us from tho past, till 44 not one Mono 6hnll be left upon another, in all Europe first, and after wards in the entire world." Let no one comfort himself with the idea that theso are tbe mere ravings of madmen. Tbe wild beastof savage god less force has broken loose. It has committed its cowardly murders in Ireland by scenes. In Russia it bos murdered one Emperor, and imprisoned another for months in a fortress, in spite of the hosts of mailed warriors who protect him. It i3 combating" to-day in Spain, straining savagely at its chains in"Frhnce and Russia, and threaten iug every moment scenes of honor such as history bas never witnessed. It may bo very truo that nil these sanguinary dreams are as stupid as they are criminal, and that if ever the dreamers tried to realise them they wuld only drive society to seek shelter beneath the shield of somo despotic ruler from that vilest and cruellest tyranny — the tyranny of a godle99 mob. But meanwhile the danger threatens, and it is the duty of every man among us to consider how best we may preserve tho people from tho con sequences of their own madness. Not by callous agnosticism, not by sentimental culture, not by a heedless headlong plunging into the mad riot of sensual pleasure ; but, as of old, by the i patience, the purity, tbe heroism of a truo faith in the Son of God, is the wild beast to bo over come, and cast into perdition. 