Bettiog-fiCaricet. " What aSereuce from last year" is the usual remark of tbe owners, trainers, and backers, auent the Bracelet race at Caulfield. At this time last year it would have been a very easy matter to back a horse for this race. to win five thousands, but to-day, when the commissioner" asked for a price abont two hones, to win a couple of thousands each, scarcely an offer was made, aud thoBe which were made were at an unreason able price, considering the number aud qualify of tbe field. A few small books have been opened, and probably a few buodreds could be obtalni'd about anything at about hundreds to five or six, but with the exception of ibe one attempt at business already men tioned, the meeting appears viewed with utter indifference, both by the ring and the public, and tbA same remarks may be applied, although in 'a less marked degree, to tho great spring events. Various reasons have been advanced for this, and the one most generally accepted is that the numerous bogu- totalizator clubs now in existence, while breeding and fostering the spirit of betting iu the rising geueration, materially injure, not only the ring, but the owners of horses. By means of specious advertisements, the foolish and inexperienced arc induced to invest their money in these so- culled clubs, and the clever people follow iu the expectaiiou of Utteuiug ou their lolly, A few horses have beeu backed for small sums iu tbe Ladies' Trophy, Verdure, Ghost, Transferred, and Josephine appearing most fancied at the prices already mentioned, but it would take but liulc money to place anything right ubead of all these. For the Maribyrnoug Plate there has been a number of inquiries for Superbi aud Second King, bur, as the bookM refuse to lay more tbun teu to one about either of theFe, very little business has been done. Hundred to five, bar these two, is offered. There has been uo change in the Derby betting during the week, and bu-ines on the Cup. or the Derby and Cup, is quite stagnant, pending tbe nppcarauce of the weights. On 1 ho Waterloo Cup the only alteration- to report are that Cooper's and CliirnMde's nnminntion.- bnvebi'thlrir Jened. Hundred to ten is now freelv accepted about CouperV, and uo better price i- offered obout ChirnsideV. while W. ll'Cullocb's and Ci. Hill's arc in better demand at a slijrhtlv incre.irL-d price. The following nre hte-t quotations LADIES' TRUPHY. 100 to 7 ou the rii'M toff) ma1huyknong plate. 100 to lOSuperlM (.,11) 1U0 to 10 Second Km- (off) K>0to 0 others I off' v.bc. derby. 5 to 1 WnnrkW frU ami oil) 5 to 1 Archie (oil; 7 to 1 Off Color (ik and off) 10 to 1 others (off) Waterloo cup. IOUo 10 Cooper' nomination (Ik) lt» to 10 CbirusidH do. (off) lo) to 6 W.MCuUoch'sdo. (off) 100 to 0 G. Hid e do. (oil) 100 to 5 Town's do. (off) 100 to 4) to Mothers (off) 1(0 to 1.1 