EPITOME OP NEWS. . Tiie Queen of Madagascar, Ranavalo Manjaka is ill. A Erencli correspondent writes The fear of a revolution is the more well founded that tho announcement of the very dangerous illness of Ranavalo Manjaka is ofiicial. Sho. has been punctured for rlivmcv Tho rmnnturn hns nnt cnoonn^orl That is lo 6ay that the Queen is dead. With her crumbles down the whole oligarchic and tyrannical system of the Hovas.' Mn S. C. Widdons, a solicitor, of Eliza both stroet Sydney, has received;intimation that a suit in Chancery, in which £250,000 was. involved, and which has been going on for 23 years, has now been decided in favor of Mr Widdons and thoso who were parties with him in it. His share amounts to £60,000. A ' resurrected' Chinaman was re cently stolen in the Inangahua district, but subsequently found. Acting, it is presumed (says the Inangahua Times of tho 28th May), upon legal advice, the Chinese resi dents havo refused to pay the £20 reward demanded by tho -finder, of the stolen coffin. The recovered body has boen forwarded on to Dunedin, and will reach there in time- for- shipment with ? tho others to China. It seems that 213 bodios in all will be taken to the Flowery Land from New Zealand on the trip in question, that boing the total number of Canton Chinese who have died in the colony. The Cantonese are the only di vision of tho great Asiatic family who gather their dead to their own soil, the Hongkong and other Chinese being a littlo more cosmo politan in this respeci, and aro content to allow ttio bones of their departed -countryman to find a resting placo in any land. The fund for the recovery and conveyunce of tho dead to Oanton is raised by public subscrip tion, and the work is performed by contract. The price for landing tho bodies in Dunedin iu -P 1 A. nor linnd nnrl thn nnfi'rn nnflnn nnon tho undertaking will reach £6000. By the proposed Now South Australian Education Act four and a half hours aro to be set apart every school day for secular in struction only, and school.i will be allowed to open a quarter of an hour at least before the time fixed for such Recular instruction -to commence for tile purpose of reading portions of the Holy Scriptures in the authorised, revised, Douay, or Lutheran version, Tho attendance of children at such reading is not to bo compulsory, a-id, as at present, no sec tarian or denominational religious teaching will be allowed. The Minister of Education is further einpowored to allow tho gratuitous use of any school building out of school hours to any officiating minister or approved lay man for tho purpose of giving religious in \- -;l Btruction to children who may voluntarily attend. Tub caso brought against n porson named Thompson for shoving tho infidel lecturer Thomas Walkor off tho platform at a meet ing in Fitzroy was dismissed, nnd Walker said ho would 'appeal. Mr Marsden, the magistrate, who was chairman of tho Bench, eauBed great confusion in court whon ho was asked by Mr Walkor if ho and other magis trates would sit seeing thoy had beon on the platform at tho mooting, Mr Marsden said they would, and do justice ; they believed in God and the Bible. lie would do his duty it ho wero shot as had boen threatened. Thoro was a largo gathering of Walker's supporters, nnd they were so demonstrative that Mr Marsden threatened to clear tho court. One would hardly of choico go to the Darling for ghost stories and similar narra tives of supernatural visitations (writes tho reporter of the ' S. A. Observer') but old hands can recount experiences grisly enough to make tho flesh creep with tho sensation of the horrible. Tho following which is closely associated with a grog shanty, may bo taken as a fuir sample of the local productions, Between Pooncarie and Menindie a delapi dated hut is pointed out, through which the night wind moans and twists the tattered remnants of tho bark roof into all sorts of un canny shapes. It is said that after dark this ruin is shunned with superstitious awe by all experienced swagsmen. And with good reason too. At that unholy hour when visitants from another sphere como to haunt the scene of crime in which they havo taken a prominent part, and make their ghastly presence known to timorous mortals in the form of luminous skeletons, by creaking footfalls, cold breaths, and the silent opening of locked doors, the figure ot a Chinaman is always to bo seen swinging in tho night breezes from ono of tho rafters. Years ago this hut was iti tho occupation of a notorious shanty. keeper, who sold more drink, and killed moro customers tliau a licensed esta blishment less than a milo away ju the other side of tlio river. Tho Chinaman belonged to tho hotel, and through his agency a con viction was obtainec4 against tho shanty keoper, who, finding liis occupation gone, shifted his location. A few days after this tho Chinaman was found hanging dead in the deserted hut. Was it murder in ro venge, or suicide from remorse ? Who can tell? Suffice it, that precisely when all regu lated clocks should strike twelve the restless spirit of tho defunct Celestial assumes an apparently corporeal tenement, which, accord ing to precedent, is dangled with mathe matical precision from a particular rafter in \ particular apartment of that rui :od hut. The history of Henry Winter, the 'Ame- rican corn doctor,' who made such a dash some time since in Melbourne is amusing and, to his creditors, instructive. While parading Melbourno and other towns in a carriago and four, attired in the American Indian dross, dear to the juvenile reader.? of Cooper and Marryatt, with a brass band and selling his corn , specific, ho carried on a grocer's shop in Priihran, and went into that business as ex travagantly as. into tho bunion trado. Ho kept no books and. the result was a great smash. Now a warrant has been issued for him, and a. friend of his who helped liim, a Melbourne publican, is in gaol by order of the Insolvency Court Judge. Winter was ar irested in Brisbane and had £2000 upon him. ???? Mn Bright favours the tunnel between England and France. -.-Mu Thomas Oowper, brother of tho lato Sir Charles Oowper and Dean Oowper, formerly polico magistrate at Tenterfield, bus died, aged 86. ; . . Mr David Spence, ono of tlio pioneoriner cliants of Melbourne, member of. the great shipping firm of J. and. D. Spence, hns died, aged 57. - He began business in Melbourne 29 years ago. ? I'iie raco meeting at Wyndliam, Victoria, on Saturday, was remarkable for casualty. Barlow, the jockey, was thrown and broko his collar bone, and another jockey, Rose, was killed. The printing of the Melbourne Salvation Army costs £200 a month, so they must bo doing work. Recently in the Littlo Bourke street hail a shot was fired at them. James Hurtle Morphett, Esq., has been appointed member of the Balranald Licensing Board, vice A. Cormack, Esq., resigned. Mr Rich Ann Weaver has been appointed n rabbit inspector. South Australia thinks that if a railway wero made from Hav to Wentworth sho could recover tho Murrumbidgeo traffic. Edward Tioehurst, a commercial travel ler, has committed suicide in Sydney. Mr Bright said at Birmingham that tho Conservatives bad made a political alliance with the Irish rebels. Sir Stafford North cose was aggrieved at this, and moved in. tho House of Commons that Mr Bright had been guilty of privilege, but the motion was nega tived by 34' votes. In the event of a war between Franco and China, the latter will be a troublesome an tagonist. The Chinese have a fleet of 56 vessels, mounting 283 guns, and manned by 5810 men. Tho supply of soldiers is. practi- cally. unlimited;* but,' the Manohin garrisons under Li Iling Chang are tho most' to be feared. Tiie postal returns for tho year aro pub lished. The combined revenue and oxpendi-: tiire at the post and telegraph office was : — Revenue, post office, 1882, £229,910 15s Id; electric telegraph department, £120,965 13s 4d; money order and 'Government Savings Bank department, £52,590 8s 3d; total, £402,706 16s 8d. Expenditure, post office, £288,186 9s 4d; electric telegraph depart ment, £142,534 13s 6d: monoy ordor and Government Savings Bank department, £51,337 5s 9d; total, £482,058 8s 7d. Tho interest ori the cost of construction of the electric telegraph lines is estimated at £21,456, which will mako tho total oxpendi luro of tho department, exclusivo of interest on cost of buildings used as poBt and telo giMph offices, £528,736 19s 8d. The extent of postal route traversed in the colony on 31st December, 1882, was 23,923 milos as compared with 23,094 mileB traversed in 1881. The number of miles travelled in the yeor 1882 was 5,861,317, being ail increase of 894,135 miles on tho mileage of the previous year. Biiouon Smyth, who was once Chief of the Victoria Mining Department, whoncs. ho was dismissed for tyranny, and who, after a mining careor in India, was appointed curator of the Sandhurst School of Mines, is again accused of tyrannising over those under bin), . I Totalibators are no better thau book I L I makers. Tho Victorian Totalisator Company has collapsed, its effects having boen seized by tho sheriff. An amount of £100 won by a member of tho public ovor tlio Champion meeting hns not been paid. Mn Charles Colin Campbell Macleod, tho wellknowu Gippsland squatter was thrown out of his buggy in Sturt streot, Ballarat, and instantly killed. Tho horse took fright at a Sugg lamp, Mr Maclond was only 44 years of age. The political battle is growing warm in Queensland. Tho war crios uro on tbo M'llwraith sido ' Syndicates and colored labour;' in tbe Griffiths ranks, ' No Syndi cates, Queensland for the whites.' 