r. ourf from our , ond'kntC \- Paris. 25th August. France was progressing favorably, consolidat ing her strength quietly, and founding the Re public surely, till she became seized a few years ago with tho mania for extension. She does not seem to have bad a run of luck since she produced the Krouhmir comedy. At the present moment her position is unenviable. She has not a friendly power in Europe, for Russia only assumes the role of friendship in the hope of making use of the Gauls, cither Against Germany or against England. Her conduct in deserting England in Egypt, and her attitude assumed since, has not been commendable. It has made the iudicious grieve. Then has set in that incomprehensible earth hunger, involving little expeditions fpr hopeless ends. Those who ventured to remind France of her follies in attempting to colonise without colonists were viewed as ac tuated by envy aud jealousy ; and tho only result was to stimulate France to commit her self moro deeply at Madagascar, the Congo, and, most serious of all, at Tonquin. While , she was thus tightening a millstono round her neck, aud frittering away her wealth and strength in petty expeditions, Princu Bib- marclc was patiently occupied fortifying his already formidable position as arbiter of Europe. To ihe Austro-German alliance Italy soon was attracted, Bcrvia and Roumania have become no ineau satellites, and Spain is on the eve of seeking admission into the orbit. This combination aims at checking French revenge and Rnssian ambitiou. During the incubation of these results, Fraucc devoted herself to alienating a very natural ally — ono, at all events, that never backed out of what she promised, and never hesitated to speak out and in time regarding what she disapproved of. Tho unseemly and gratuitously insulting attacks on England, as if she were a fifth-rate power, have for ever laid tho possibility 6f a future alliance be tween the two countries. England will hence forth be independent, and if not German iu her tendencies, will be at least indifferent. She may be said to have "cut" France. It required no ghost to predict what has ar rived. (jSisraarck comes to inflict, by his plain hint, a terrible blow to the amour proprc of France. The feeling is concealed, but the weeping and gnashing of teeth are not less roal. The curses are loud and deep. Tho warning note was issued on the ground of "being attacked in the French journals, yet the Germans received of late less diatribes tlian'the English. 'Excepting a new paper, tho Anti-Prnssicn, bought chiefly by Ger mans who laughed at the contents, no general augmentation took place in tho hate towards the victors of 1870-71. But there was no falliug off in keeping alive tho "sacred memory" of Alsace. This not t'ery unnatural desire to repossess what j ono has so painfully lost did not tend to facili tate the incorporation of tho now provinces with the Vttterland, of which thoy onco formed a portion— two centuries ago. Tho problem may bo stated thus Germany will never give back Alsace, and France aayy, "You shall — When I am able to take it." Now, it 1b to nip in the bud this increasing ability or power that Bismarck— viewing the isolated position and numerous "fixes" in which Franoe finds herself by her blun ders, her inconsequences and her intemperate writing and speaking, last, and not least, in such Ministerial papers as the 2'emps and the DibaU — hints a fault and hesi tates dislike. Henri V,, Comte tie Chambord, Is dead, and bo can have no successor. His principles — divine right and the temporal power of the church — are entombed with him. He has been a pretender sinco half a century; has seen tried in France constitutional mon archy, republic, empire and republic again, but never could moke good his pretensions. In 1873, when he had the chance, his heart failed him ; and notwithstanding all his trials and forfeited opportunities, his parly, tho Legitimists, never forsook lum, but believed in him as a fetish. He is a loss only for his party; France has long since forgotten him, and bin ideas could not be made intelligible even to the new generations. His followers may vegetate, like tho Bonapartists, minus a chief, or under a chief from whom nothing can be expected. The Comte do Paris, who succeeds, is in the eyes of the Legitimists the grandson of a usurper — that Louis Philippe who in 1820 protested from London that the Comte dc Chambord was not the sen of the Duchesse de Berri, his mother, as she uover gave birth to any child. And the royalists retorted by subscribing and buying up Cham bord Castle, near Blois, and keeping it' as tho Versailles for the Comte, when in the natural course of events he would succeed his grand papa, Charles X. But the latter was expelled like other French monarcbs ; in July, 1830, he played wlust in tho Castle of St. Cloud, while the Comte de Chambord amused himself at Bkittlcs ; and pending this time Paris was en gaged in a three days' revolution, which led Louis Philippe to the throne. Charles X. wandered to Holyrood House, then to Austria, where ho died at Goritz, iu 1S36, and is bnried. It is beside him that will repose the Comte de Chambord, the last direct descendant of Hugues Capet. Tho Comte do Paris does not accept the right divlno views of the defunct. He does not flatter himself that Governments are inde pendent of the will of peoples. And if he does not make a profession of faith to for mally take up the succession of Henri V,, he will be repudiated by tho Legitimists, anil if he does he will bo exiled by tho Republic as a rebel. Already division is iu the camp, as oome Royalists cry Tire Philippe YJJ . — tbo deceased's nephew. The Comte de Chambord expired yosterday, which was the eve of St. Louis, an ancestor whose lifo ho adorod. He was baptised by water brought from the River Jordan by Chateaubriand, and was called the "Child of a Miracle," because born seven and a-half months after the assassination of his father, the Due de Berri, in February, 1820. In consequence of a fall from his horse in 1841 he broke his thigh, and ever afterwards had a halt. In 1843, at Belgravo-Bquare, London, he formally proclaimed himself pretenilor, and Louis Philippe's Parliament branded the mani- festation as illegal. Five years later Louis Philippe was also an exile in London. In 1846 the Comte married the eldest daughter of the Duke of Modona, receiving a colossal fortune. Then he took up his resi dence definitely at FrohBdorf, uear Vienna, writing from time to time letters expressing his love for France, and condolence for tho families of his followers, when any of their members died. In 18G1 he declared himself partisan of tho temporal power of the Pope, but it was only in July, 1S71, that he for the first timo took tho titlo of " king." Ono half of the members of tho Conseils Gtncraux havo been demanding recently the suffrages oi tho electors. These elections only take place every third year ; the councillors are occupied with all local matters relating to their department ; election on the council board is generally looked upon as a stepping stone to tho Chamber or the Senate. The elections are thus eminently political. The Republicans havo gained along the whole line — proof that the country is not dissatisfied with the existing repitnc Of 87 departments into which France is divided the Republicans havo tho whip hand in 71) of the councils, as there is ouo of the latter for each depart ment. An allusion, at least, must be made to the Bonapartists. They organised a few banquets in some districts on tho 15tli August, "Saint" Napoleon's day. At these feasts, whero there was flow of soul, " reason " was absent as well as the once recognised leaders. The speakers showed thoy were not at nil united as under what emperor they wished to live. Thero is not even a breath of a canard touching the Suez Canal business. The Capulcts and Montagues, it is to be presumed, guard their respective positions. If the Jordan valley project can be seriously launched, that will at once make the French company cave 'in, to accord to England an equitable repre sentation on the council board, as a share holder possessing nearly one- half of the stock, and representing four-fifths of the custom. Ono Pecb, apparently in the pay of the police, having no work to do, or being abort of funds, concocted aU the papers, signatures, 'stamps, Ac., from leading Royalists, respecting -the enrolling and concentration of good men and truo to put down the Republic. Ho decried the Folic© Minister so far as to impose on him the purchase of these documents ; ho was only found out on soiling duplicates of same to a Radical newspaper. M. Bessellt'vre is a caiico printer at Rouen, and since 1S77 has adopted the plan of allow ing his workpeople to participate in the profits of the factory. In order not to reveal tho secrets of his business to the hands, he pays them their usual salar3, aud at the end of the year a percentage of the profits as a favor, in the shape of a bonus, varying from S to 12 per cent., following the goodness or badness of tho year, mid one half of the participation profit must bo left in the hands of M. Besselievre as an assurance or annuity, carrying interest Furniture, fubnitt1;1- 1 . , \- ar tfha 'payable in foil on the workman arriving at tho age of Bixty, or having served twenty consecutive years in the factory. In order that the hands may not teel tho disappointing effects of a bad season, under tho head of profits ho so arranges his liberalities that a good year will help a bad one. A workman must be fivo years attached to the establishment ere ho can claim a participation in tho benefits. The dismissal, &c.;, of hauds, he leaves to a jury composed of the workers themselves. He is satisfied with the results. Business continues to be very bad indeed and no prospect of amelioration. The sudden burst of fine weather is telling favorably on all growing crops, which aro rapidly making up lee way, Seaside pleasure seekers are very happy and numerous, and sportsmen are in excellent spirits at the prospects of game on the 1st of September. 