THE AUSTRALIAN COLONIES. 'At a meeting of theRoyal Colonial Society held recently at' the Grosvenor Gallery Library; Sir F. D. Bell, Agent General for New Zealand, read a paper on " The Indebtedness of the Austral asian Colonies in Relation to their 're sourcee." ,' The- Duke of' Manchester,; Chairman of the Council, who presided overa large meeting, said that the pre sent gathering marked a great epoch in the history of their society, in that it wias-the' first meeting that had been held since-Her Majesty granted a Royal charter to the institution.. It" was in teresting to know that while in 1870 the institute had only 297. Fellows, it had at the present timhe 1,789. Sir Francis Bell, in the 'course of his paper, said there had been an increase in the debt of the colonies in the last 20 years, but, the progress of Australasia had been in many ways more than equal to the growth of her debt. Of the £96,000,000 borrowed by the colonies more than £86,000,000 had been spent on railways, telegraphs and other public works, and immigration. Of this the railways were even now yielding a net return all but equal to the interest on the mnoney they borrowed .for them.' The telegraph yielded inore than the interest,; and the same' remark'applied to immigration; so that there was iot` much more thain £26,000,000 left, as the debt on which the interest was not actually earned. The revenues of the colonies had increased in the last '20 years twice as fast as their commerce or population, It had more than doubled itself since 1870, and had trebled itself since 1860. If in Eng. land the same sum could be raised per I head as in Australia Mr Gladstone would at the present time he ' dealing 3 with a revenue of £245,000,000. It I was important further to remember that the revenue did notmean taxation to the ?ame amount. Figures showed that more than one-third of 'the whole revenue was raised by taxation, while the colonies derived four times as much revenue from Customs per head as was raised in England, six times as much as' in France, 10 times as much as in Ger many, and nearly three times as' much as in the United States. The 'annual charge of their debt in proportion' to the revenue was much lighter than: in I most of the great countries of Europe. Comparing the volume of trade' with s the population, the author of the paper said that statistics showed that.. one Australasian colonist did as much trade t as two- Englishmen, four Frenchmen, five Germans, six Americans, or right SItalians. Australasia was worth more to the English manufacturers than America, France, or Germany., Having pointed to the 'most eatisfactory way in which the railways are progressing, Sir Francis Bell alluded to the great importance of Australasia as offering an almost inexhaustible source of meat supply for this country. As a fact, Australia and New Zealand could dx port 2,000 tons of meat a day, and I they could do this without reducing the Snumber of cattle owned by the colonists. Sir Francis Bell next claimed for the r colonists that they had so munificent a t provision for the edueation of their a children that if the expenditure in Eng land were on .the same level, the nmother country would have to devote 1 £25,000,000 a year to it. The colonists o were most tenacious of their union with the Fatherland, and lie hoped the I existing sympathies would ever flourish. If this was so, the colonies would join . hands with the mother country across s the sea and cherish the remembrance that they were all citizens of the great 1I nt empire the worldhas ever seen. Sir a John Pope Henneasy,Governor-General of I-ongkong, in the course of the dis 'cusuiou, gave, as the result of his per Ssonal experience, figures to show the s great security which was offered to in vestors by the financial securities of the Australasian colonies. :Mr Moncrieff a Paul, manager of thlie Bank of New Zealand, Mr. Strangways, ,Mr. Denis toun Wood, Mr. Hyde Clarke, and Sir Saul Samuel addressed the meeting, One of Fox's Martyrs-Tho hen. The beat all-round performance-In s a circus. Go to the butcher's if you would I hear joint debates. A person who ought "to rule the roast"-The cook. Where do Ghosts come from I From gnome man's land. The cultured no longer call it hash, Mosaic nutriment is the correct form. By a Cockney.-We cannot le robbed of time, because it is al ways hours. A rich widow is the only. second. hand article that bringe a first-class price, 